Shattering Zoella’s Demons
By
Elly Kamari
Shattering Zoella’s Demons 
Published by Elly Kamari at Smashwords 
Copyright 2012 Elly Kamari
Shattering Zoella’s Demons is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Prologue

Life had been perfect until his obsession had walked into his life.  Beautiful and innocent, she’d been so sweet and young.  Her talent so entrancing he’d wanted to possess her.  He still wanted her even now.  But he couldn’t tell anyone about it.  He never told any one about it.  Other wise he would never get out.
That hearing couldn’t come fast enough.  He wanted to know what she was doing now.  How she looked, the years would have been kind to her; her heritage gave her that advantage.  The years would not ravage her beauty; they would only intensify it. He was careful not to let it be known that he still wanted her.  That he still thought of her and how beautiful her screams had been.
How she’d pleaded with him.
Sighing at the arousal building at his thoughts, he turned to his side and wondered which arena she was playing in tonight.  He’d been careful about gathering information on her, and he knew that she was successful.  He kept up with her news even though she was in a different continent.  He knew how great she was, and she would be his eventually.  He just needed to bide his time.  November was not so far away, he would get to see her again.  He would make sure she remembered that she belonged to him.
******
“He can’t come out.” Julia Girgorio stared out the windows of the District Attorney’s office and felt a shiver run down her back at the thought of Steve Harden out of jail.  “We can’t let that happen.”
“There’s one last option.” Sandra Carpenter offered her gaze on the slender woman standing by the window.  “It’s a long shot, but I don’t think we have a choice anymore.  We’ve followed every other route.  Your husband’s lawyer is very good.”
“What is it?”
“We have to contact the victim.  She’s the only one who can stop a parole.  If she testifies he’ll remain in jail.”
Julia sighed at the sound of those jail doors sliding open for her ex-husband in her head.  There was no way they would get the victim to testify for that parole hearing.
“Are you sure there is no other way?” Julia turned around to meet Sandra’s gaze.  “You know how it is between my family and hers.  She won’t come if I ask her.”
“I’ll write the letter.” Sandra understood the fear in Julia.  Steve Harden was a man who needed to remain in jail for the sake of his children and his ex-wife.  Not to mention the victim of his crimes.  “I’ll send it right now.”
“She is in London.  I don’t have the address.” Julia sighed in regret.
“I do. I kept in touch with her.  She was special to me.  I always wanted to make sure that things turned out okay for her.”
Julia nodded.  “Who would have thought I would need her after all this time.  I was truly horrible to her then, things end up coming back to you.”
“Don’t worry, she’ll come.  She’s stronger than we all realized.  Otherwise, he would have broken her.”
Julia nodded and watched as Sandra slipped a typed letter she’d had on her desk into a white envelope.  Sandra called in her secretary.  She instructed her to send the letter right away and once the young woman was gone, Sandra turned to Julia,
“Don’t worry.  She will testify at the parole hearing.  Steve Harden is not getting out of prison.”
*****

Chapter One

It wasn’t everyday that all the most important people in her life attended her concert.  Her gaze slid down to her left hand and the ring shimmering there.  Zoe adjusted her thoughts. Almost all the important people in her life, her fiancée was not in house tonight.
Cheer up, she reminded her heart.  He’ll be home soon.
Just two more weeks and she could hold him
Oh Robbie, I miss you.
Zoe shrugged off the threatening melancholy and concentrated on the more positive.  This concert was a finale.  It would close a twenty-city tour of Europe to promote her latest album.  She was a contemporary classical musician.  Traditionalists of classical music hated her, new age junkies loved her, but all of them acknowledged her brilliance.
Her talent was the kind that lived in her blood and her soul, the kind that could kill if ignored.  It demanded an outlet.  Craved attention at all times.  It had caused her many experiences, some good and memorable.  Others were too rotten and memorable.
Too rotten, she thought with a shiver.  They were too rotten and memorable.
But, the memories and experiences fanned her music to life.  So far, her career was in a place that she could safely assume she was doing something right.  She was a two time British Music Award winner for best composer.  The Grammies had awarded her best female talent.  She’d carved a name for herself in people’s hearts with her music.  It certainly was a well paying gig.  She really couldn’t complain.
Somewhere along the journey, she’d gotten engaged to the most handsome man on earth.  Staring at the engagement ring she wore, she wondered if all women described the men they loved the same way.
Not that it mattered.  In her world, Robbie was the most gorgeous creature she’d ever encountered.  He was beautiful inside and out.  He made her laugh.  He understood her; including her peculiar habits.  There wasn’t anything she couldn’t tell Robbie.  Turning her wrists over to adjust a bracelet, a shiny white scar caught her attention and she grimaced.
Well, there was something she couldn’t tell him.  But it was more about protecting him and keeping their relationship.
She didn’t want to risk their happiness.  He was everything. 
She touched her right hand to her chest. He made her feel worthy of love.
“I saw that.” A perky voice broke into her thoughts; she glanced up into hazel eyes. “You’re besotted.”
Kelly Jones, her manager.  Kelly planned her life.  It scared her sometimes to realize how much she needed Kelly.  She was glad the tall, slender woman with a tough attitude understood enough not to point it out.
“Someday, it will be your turn.” Zoe winked at her.  “Then I’ll be making fun of you.”
“Keep wishing, darling.”  Kelly moved to check that the microphone on her bodice was well placed.  She smoothed out an invisible wrinkle on the red skirts.  “You look gorgeous.”
“All thanks to you.”  Zoe took in a deep breath.  She closed her eyes and let it out slowly, her heart was beating fast.  “Did you see my family out there?”
“Yes, front row seat.  They are settled.  Don’t worry.  I have my minions seeing to their every need.” 
The audience cheered and clapped.  The sound carried down to her dressing room.  Zoe’s eyes opened and she breathed out. 
“I don’t know why I’m so nervous.  I’ve done this every day this week.  It shouldn’t be different tonight.”
“You’ll be fine.  You’re amazing.  Now go show them why.”
“What would I do without you?” Zoe mused as she picked up her skirts to walk out to the stage.
“Everything,” Kelly assured as Zoe stepped out onto the stage to wild applause.

*****

She’s beautiful, Thaddeus Castille noted with pride.
Zoe stood under the spotlight, her red outfit a stunning contrast to her olive skin.  Her hair always kept long and down her back shimmered with life.  Her face, with full lips, button nose and cat like eyes was so familiar and dear.  She smiled and a pair of dimples appeared.
Seeing them reminded him of the six year old girl she’d once been.  Her beauty had been sweet and innocent in those days; her temper endearing.  He could still remember the tantrum she’d caused in order to get her first guitar.  No one in the family would have ever imagined that the same passion for music would lead them here.
Here, in this magnificent theatre, in the oldest of cities, Prague.  His niece, now twenty-four and a very stunning woman, stood on a stage before thousands of people with a bona fide philharmonic orchestra behind her.  She would perform her music for them all.
Her father would have been so proud of her.
A gentle squeeze on his hand brought his attention to the woman seated to his left.  His wife, Athena Castille, was also as emotional.  Tears shimmered in her eyes when she glanced at him.  They were thinking the same thing.  Sharing a smile, they returned their attention to the stage.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen,” Zoe started her voice husky and warm.  “I’d like to welcome you to the finale concert of this tour.  It has been a wonderful and very exciting ride.  I’d like to thank you all for your support and love.”
The audience cheered and clapped forcing Zoe to stop momentarily.
“Prague is beautiful, and I thank you for having me.  Before we go on with the concert, I’d like to take this opportunity to dedicate this night to a group of people who are here tonight.”
Athena squeezed Thaddeus’s hand in excitement and reached with her left hand to the young man seated to her left.  She grinned at Kenny Williams.
“These people have seen me through thick and thin.  They have shared so much with me, that this dedication is a very small part of my gratitude to them.  I’m thankful for their support and for weathering the storms with me, ladies and gentlemen, my family.”
Thad urged Athena and Kenny to stand up as Zoe clapped her hands pointing them out to the rest of the audience.  The audience applauded wildly until they all sat down again.  Zoe sat on a stool and arranged a cello between her legs.  She struck the first cord with a flourish and the audience held their breaths collectively. 
Music filled the theatre after that, each note swelling with emotion.  Zoe played with passion and so much energy that it drove the audience into frenzied appreciation.  Each piece that followed captured hearts and brought such anticipation that when she pushed a climatic note, its beauty blending with the amazing acoustics offered by the domed ceilings of the theatre, not a single eye was dry in the audience.  Her music moved even the hardest soul.
The concert ended too soon with an astonishing harmony with the orchestra which spurred the audience to their feet in a standing ovation.
“She’s done it again,” Kenny Williams said to Athena and Thaddeus above the deafening claps.
“Of course,” Athena said smugly, clapping when Zoe bowed gracefully. “It’s in her nature.”
“She can’t do anything else.” Thaddeus commented as they took their seats.  A few people in the audience came to congratulate them on behalf of Zoe.  They were rescued by a group of security men who showed them out to a quiet lounge.  Athena sat on the couch and adjusted her evening gown with a sigh.
“I forget how friendly the audience gets sometimes.  Not to mention the press.”  She shook her head stealing a glance out the windows at the frenzied press madness downstairs.  “I don’t know how Zoe copes with it everyday.”
“Kelly does a good job of managing the madness.” Kenny assured her.
“Yes, you’re right.”  Athena agreed.  She patted the seat beside her and urged him to join her.  “How was your trip here?”
“Hectic,” Kenny replied.  “This is supposed to be a business trip.  I am needed in New Zealand but I couldn’t disappoint Zoe.”
“How many hotels do you think Davenly Corporation will own by the time you are done?” Athena teased.  “At this rate, I’m never going to have any grandkids playing around who’ll call me Nonna.”
Kenny laughed.
Thaddeus shook his head with amusement as he paced around the lounge.  He paused by a bronze statue and said, “She’s going to whine about it until you stop traveling so much and get babies with that lovely wife of yours.”
“They’ve been married for three years.  Don’t blame me for expecting little feet running around.”  Athena protested her eyes wide with drama.  “Kenny, what do you think?  You need an heir for this great empire you’re building so furiously.”
“I’ll have to talk to Jessica first,” Kenny said in amusement.  “Why the rush to be a grandma, you have Zan?”
“Zan is my son.  He needs little playmates.”  Athena patted his knee with an elegant hand.  “The point here is that I want to be Nonna.  I want to spoil some grand children.  I have to be firm with mine.”
Thaddeus chuckled then.  “Give the boy a break, my love.  He has it rough already.”
Athena dropped the subject and pursued a discussion on business instead.  It was an easily adopted topic because both men were prominent international business men.
Her husband, Thaddeus Castille, was Chief Executive Officer of Castille Media Corporation which operated television stations, magazines and newspapers in various cities in Europe.  Castille Media also ran a publishing and acquisition branch.  Athena worked the acquisition branch because it allowed her time to deal with both her family and Zoe’s career needs.
Kenny, born Kenneth Daven Williams, was into the hospitality business.  He was the owner of the Davenly resorts and Hotels.  At twenty-eight, Kenny owned real estate off the coasts of many countries.  He had a knack for buildings and a greater touch with people.  Any hotel or resort under the Davenly logo offered the best possible for its clientele.
What was curious, Athena pondered, was the fact that despite all the money Kenny generated, coupled with his good looks, he remained a very unhappy man.  She could see the sadness in his grey eyes.  He hid it well, but she was a seasoned woman.
Why was that wife of his making him this miserable?
“How is the project in New Zealand?” Thaddeus asked capturing Athena’s attention.
“The resort is coming up on schedule although a few architectural problems are threatening to delay the process.  A solution will come soon.” Kenny settled back in his seat.
“What will you call this one?” Athena asked.
“Serenity,” Kenny said with pride.
“How beautiful, we must see it when it is done.” Athena smiled in encouragement.
“I’ll arrange it,” Kenny replied, touched by the support she always gave him.  Like Zoe, he regarded Athena as the mother he never had.  Her approval mattered to him very much.
“My favorite Davenly resort is the one in Malaysia, I just love visiting there,” Athena said.
Kenny agreed.  He’d really worked hard on that project.  “I love the people there too.”
“It’s interesting how Zoe has decided to have the wedding at the villa.  I’d have imagined she’d have the reception at one of your resorts, Kenny,” Thaddeus said thoughtfully.  “Did she ask you?”
“Not at all,” Kenny said. “I am sure she’d rather have her wedding in a place of comfort.  Villa Thermopolis is special to her because it’s your home, her home.”
“There isn’t a person at home who isn’t excited for the big day,” Thaddeus said.  “Zoe has released a monster.  Athena is a list machine these days.  I can hardly breathe around her.”
“Hey, I’m seated right here you know,” Athena protested.  Her gaze moved back to Kenny.  “I just want it to be perfect for my baby.  She and Robbie deserve it.”
“I know,” Kenny said gently.  “I’m happy that she’s found someone to be with.”
“There was a time I thought that person would be you,” Thaddeus commented.
Kenny shifted his gaze to the wedding band on his hand.
“Zoe and I,” he said.  “We can never be that way.  It’s just not meant to be.”
Thaddeus frowned at that answer.  He couldn’t help imagining that perhaps there was a hint of regret in there somewhere.  He’d have loved to call Kenny Williams a son in law but it didn’t matter.  Zoe was happy.  If Robbie McClaire made her that way, then she would marry McClaire.

********
Zoe changed from the clothes she’d worn on stage into comfortable Levis and a form fitting blouse.  She ran a brush through her hair and quickly restored her make-up.  Dropping her lip gloss back into her hobo hand bag, she rummaged in it for her cell phone.  A bottle of pills shifted and she stared at the bottle for a moment.  It was still half full.
She hadn’t needed to take them for a while now.  It was hard to believe there had been a time she couldn’t have functioned without them.  She dared to hope that this meant that she was getting better.
Forgetting about the pills, she found her cell phone and perched on the seat before her vanity table.  Dialing a familiar number, she listened as it rang.
“Hi babe, you okay?”
Excitement raced through her at the sound of Robbie’s voice. 
“I’m done.  No more concerts for a while.”
“You can get some rest before the wedding, love,” Robbie said, his tone full of concern.  “I’ll be home soon.  Two more weeks and our tour will be over.  I can’t wait to kiss you.”
“I want to kiss you too.” She wanted to do more than kiss. She missed Robbie physically. The moment she saw him she was going to cling to him for weeks.
“Is your mother coming to the wedding?”
“Look, I know you needed to ask her, but don’t expect too much from her, Robbie.  My mother has never wanted any thing to do with me.”
It hurt to say the words.  She wished they could change the subject but Robbie was determined to get her mother to their wedding.  She hated talking about Gabriella Castille.
“She’s your mom, love,” Robbie said.  “I know you well enough to understand that it will hurt you if you don’t ask.  She might surprise you, alright?”
“I’m just telling you not to get your hopes up.”
“I’m still marrying you, Zoe.  We have the support of your uncle and aunt, which is enough, but your mom should be there.”
“Aunt and uncle came tonight.  I’m going to have dinner with them in a while.”
“Don’t forget to say hi for me.” Robbie yawned.
“Have you slept?”  She knew what his tours meant.  Rock bands could really get into things and Haden was no exception.  They’d probably partied all night long and were now dead on their feet.
“I’m about to.  Tevin, Mick and Ron are already passed out.  It was a wild L.A. party after the concert.  You know how it gets.”
“As long as you kept away from those bimbos, Robbie”
“Are you jealous, love?”
“I can’t help it.  You’re all mine.”
Robbie laughed.  “I know.  And you too, stay away from those uptight refined classical musicians.  You’re hands off, Castille.  Or else…”
“Yes master,” Zoe teased back.  “I have to go.”
“Call me later before you sleep.  We can talk.  I miss you.”
“I miss you too,” Zoe said, her heart breaking because she couldn’t be with him.  
“I love you, pixie,” he said.
Zoe swallowed hard, trying to dispel the lump in her throat.  “I love you too.  Get some sleep, McClaire.”
She hung up quickly and closed her eyes at the emotion that flooded her.  She wasn’t sure what was worse.  Not calling or calling.  Not hearing his voice or hearing it and wishing he was here with her.  Damn it, these emotions were so overwhelming it scared her sometimes.  How could she need a person this much and not fall apart because of it?
She dumped her cell phone into her bag and grabbed a coat.  It was April but the chilly winter weather still lingered.  Pulling on the black knee length pea coat, she picked up her bag and headed out of her dressing room.
Making her way through the busy backstage where Kelly was overseeing the crew as they packed up, she headed for the lounge where her family waited.  She needed them tonight, especially after that call with Robbie.

****

The bedroom was darkened by the heavy curtains at the windows.  They kept the afternoon sun out.  Robbie was sprawled in the middle of the king sized bed, the covers tangled around him and on the floor.  His black hair looked as tumbled as the covers. His naked torso, with well defined muscles, moved gently with the motions of his breathing.  He wore nothing under the sheets.  When the alarm clock on the bedside table went off, his head jerked up in surprise.
A groan followed as his bleary eyes tried to open.  The noise persisted and he forced himself to reach out and turn off the annoying object.  In the process, the darned clock fell to the carpeted floor.  It didn’t matter Robbie decided, the noise was gone.  Lying back on the pillow he took in a deep breath and closed his eyes again.
He didn’t even want to know what time it was.  There was no doubt in his mind that Gloria Swanson, the band’s manager, would be budging in soon.  She took pleasure in torturing them awake.  Sighing, he wished for his own bed.  
He wished for Zoe and her softness.  She made it difficult for a man to get out of bed in the morning.  It was unsettling how much he missed her.  He’d never allowed anyone to matter the way Zoe did.  For a long time before Zoe, he’d preferred his life as lonely as it could.  Women had just been one night stands that he’d never see again.
Then Zoe came along and suddenly he wanted everything about her.  He loved her in a way he could never describe.  He sometimes could not believe that she belonged to him.  She was everything.  Thinking about her reminded him that she’d sounded tired on the phone that morning.  Making a note in his head to call Kelly about it, he got up and headed for the shower.
An hour later, he was dressed in a white t-shirt and Levis.  He sat at the dining room table eating toast that had been brought up by room service while he read music sheets.  Tevin Whittaker strolled in yawning.
“Afternoon,” Robbie greeted without glancing up from his reading.
“Dude, did you even sleep?”  Tevin picked a slice of bacon from Robbie’s plate.  He chewed on it as he pulled out a chair.
“Yep,” Robbie pushed his plate over to him.  “You guys were really out of it.  It’s good that we don’t have much to do today.  Gloria’s been here already.  She’s laying out a press junket.” 
“Did you call Zoe?” Tevin was now into the third slice of bacon.
“Yeah, she’s okay.” Robbie sipped his orange juice.  “Her family was with her.  I figure they’re planning the wedding.  You know how Thad gets.  He’s so protective of her.”
“It might end up being a huge affair after all,” Tevin mused.  “You do realize Athena gets carried away.”
“As long as Zoe sticks with me, I’m good.” Robbie shrugged.  “I want this tour to end so badly.”
“I never imagined the day would come.” Tevin chuckled.  “You’re whipped men.  It’s bad for your badass image you know.”
“You cultivated that image.  I’m okay, besides, I’m not the only one here.  That girlfriend of yours is practically a wife.”
“Don’t even go there.” Tevin imagined the lovely brunette Robbie was talking about. Jenny Taylor.  She was a mess of contradictions and he couldn’t figure her out.  May be that was the appeal. “She’s not answering my calls.  I don’t want to know why.”
Jenny lived in London working as a photographer.  She and Tevin had been seeing each other for a while now, but their relationship was a chaotic series that amused the entire band.  Robbie couldn’t help being grateful that his fights with Zoe did not mean breaking up each time since there were days when all they did was fight.
“Maybe she caught you in the tabloids again.  I’m sure that’s it.  Seeing as how every concert we do, your groupies end up in the hotel room with us.”
‘Don’t point fingers.  Last night those two blondes were in here for you.  Since I love Zoe too, I just did my part to ensure your faithfulness.”
Robbie laughed.  “Jeez, thanks you martyr.  Speaking of concerts, I have a new song I want to run by you.”
“You’ve been writing a lot this tour.”  Tevin leaned back in his seat to study Robbie.  ‘Is she that good for you?’
Robbie met blue eyes that were keen to miss nothing.  “She is.  I can’t help it.”
“Well,” Tevin smiled.  “She is a character.  I remember the night she came to her first Haden concert.  That ridiculous t-shirt she pulled on when some of those girls tried to push up on stage.’
Robbie laughed at the memory.  “How could I forget?  It read, ‘I’m with the lead singer, shove off.’  She gave every one of them a bad look.  It was frightening.”
“She can be very possessive of you.”  Tevin shook his head.  “You’re suited for each other.  All that emotion should be illegal.  It simply rolls off you two when you’re even apart.”
“It keeps things interesting,” Robbie said, thinking that he would steal Zoe away when he got back.  They would go some place for a week or two and just be alone.  “Come on, I’ll play you that track.  I’d like to lay down a series of violin for it.  Tell me what you think.”
Tevin got up to follow Robbie to the studio that was set up in their pent house for the duration of their stay.  ‘Did anyone ever tell you how annoying it is to be this awake?”
Robbie shrugged. “Come on, Whittaker.” 

****

“I’ve typed up all the minutes from the annual general meeting.  I’ll send them for printing, that way we can post them to the share holders,” Tamia Cooper said.
“Did you call Thaddeus?” Danny Castille asked as he arranged folders that he needed her to file.
“Yes.  He is not in Athens.  I believe he took a trip to Prague.  Miss Mya is having her final concert there.”
Danny handed her the folders and stared at her for a moment.  “Was she really finishing there?”
“Yes sir.  The tour was supposed to end today.”  Tamia glanced at her watch.  “I do believe it has already ended.”
“Hmm…” Danny sat down in his seat and ran a finger over his desk.
The massive mahogany desk was old.  It had seen many years of service.  But one could hardly tell.  Maintenance in the Castille Textile building made sure the structure was highly polished and in good condition.  Its age was expertly hidden just like the inner problems of the Castille clan.
“Well, thanks Tamia.  Go home now.  I don’t want to keep you.  I might be at it for a while yet.”
“But sir, you have are having dinner with your sister.  She’s expecting you.” 
“Do I?”  He’d completely forgotten about her.  “What time is it?”
“Nine o’clock, sir,” Tamia answered.
Danny turned to his computer and typed a few keys bringing up his schedule.  Sure enough, Tamia had already keyed in the dinner. 
“Marie’s, she’s not happy.  We always end up there when she’s unhappy.  I don’t know if I have the patience tonight.”
“You want me to cancel?”
Danny leaned back in his chair and swung it back and forth for a moment.  “Is Kenny in town?”
“No,’ Tamia answered.
Mr. Williams was one of the priority people she kept tabs on at all times.  The other was Zoella Mya.  Tamia had needed to pull extreme stunts to get an in with the virtuoso’s assistant manager.  She’d never understood why her boss needed to know where the elusive musician was at all times.  It was as if there was a hidden story between the Castilles and Miss Mya.
Danny closed his eyes and shook his head.
“I’ll go.  Before you leave, can you call the foreman at the factory in Bristol?  I need the progress report on that new equipment.  Production is under review there and it would be useful to know we are on the right course.”
“Yes sir,” she said quickly and turned to leave.
“And Tamia,” Danny looked at her.
She was cute today in a black plaid skirt and a white blouse with a black tie.  Her brown hair was held in a tight ponytail, giving her a professional look.  He couldn’t ask for a better assistant.  She was hard working and didn’t bat an eyelash at dealing with the eccentricities of working for Castille Textile.  
“Yes sir?”
“I won’t be in early tomorrow.”
She paused to look at him then with a quick nod, she was gone and Danny was left alone with his thoughts.
Turning his chair to stare at the darkening London skyline, he marveled at how silent the scene seemed.  Buildings were lighted up and the roads below looked like rivers with the cars moving fast in twin lights.  The city always looked so tame and picturesque from in here.  Just like his family must look to the outside world.  
Wiping a hand down his face, his thoughts turned to his sister.  Jessica Castille Williams was a mess at the moment.  He’d always imagined marriage meant happiness.  Having watched his parent’s marriage and then his Uncle’s had given him that view on the institution.  His parents had been so happy with each other.  It had devastated his mother when Alexis Castille died.  That had been an extremely difficult era for them all.
Not wanting to dwell on grief that still hurt, his thoughts returned to his sister again.  Since her wedding three years before, things seemed to have deteriorated.  She and her husband were not getting along.  They fought about everything.  It was disgruntling to watch them.
They’d looked so happy at the wedding.
To see them now, he shook his head sadly.
Standing up, he stretched his arms above his head and decided to leave.
Castille Textile would still be here in the morning.  Rolling down his sleeves, he freshened up in the private bathroom adjacent to his office.  Pulling on a fresh shirt, he came out of the bathroom and retrieved his suit jacket from the coat closet.  Turning off his computer, he grabbed his car keys and wallet and left making sure to lock his office door.
Tamia was already gone.
Seeing that, Danny locked the outer door too and headed for the elevator.  There were few people in the building, most of his executives still lingered.  Danny knew that they were probably trying to impress the boss by leaving with him or after him.  It was sometimes exhausting to see people behaving this way.  Other times, when it was truly genuine, it was heartening because it meant those individuals cared for the company’s well being. 
Being Chief Executive Officer required that he learn to differentiate these traits.  It meant knowing those people who were an asset to him and the company and those who weren’t.  Unfortunately, he met those who weren’t more often.
The world was full of opportunistic bastards.  The textile industry was riddled with them. Most companies kept their every day operations a tight secret.  Too many people wanted to steal the ideas generated by companies in order to gain profit.  Castille Textile required each of its employees to sign contracts that ensured there would be no divulging of company secrets to others.  It was important to remain on the cutting edge in the industry.  Always ahead and ready for whatever adaptation the industry demanded.  He made sure that his human resources department understood that the people working for Castille Textile needed to adhere to the company’s policies one hundred percent.
It was the only way to keep the company on top as long as he had.  At the moment Castille Textile boasted branches in London, Australia, New York and Italy.  Fabric had a big market in the world.  Castille Textile owned factories across the globe that provided various ranges of fabric.  The company also had researchers working in labs constantly experimenting and creating new ways to increase the quality of fabric produced.  It was a business he loved.  A business he understood and valued.  Danny couldn’t help thinking that he was glad he was Castille Textile.
When he’d been younger and accelerating his education in order to take over the company, he’d chafed against the responsibility.  He’d hated the fact that his life had already been predetermined.  It had seemed unfair that he couldn’t just walk away from it all and do what he wanted.  But that had all changed the moment he’d walked into the C.E.O’s office that first day.
The power, the responsibility, the pressure had made his blood rise and the excitement of it had given him a rush.
It was like a drug, he thought as the elevator doors slid open admitting him into the basement garage.
He thrived on his work.  It made him happy.  It made him closer to his father knowing that they shared the same passion.  Alexis Castille had been an inspiring man.  His death had broken a lot of people, his family being first on the list.  Danny decided as he slid into the black Aston Martin Vanquish.
Guiding the car out of the garage, he headed for Marie’s restaurant.  A charming little place located in Greenwich.  It was a relaxing place to escape after a hectic corporate day.  It was also an ideal place to deal with family issues, Danny mused.  No tongues wagging at the incidences of tycoon families breaking down.
His family was a mess.
His mother, Gabriella, lived her life immersed in useless society habits.  She spent her time with three other wealthy ladies and dictated rules to others.  She played at being a socialite, but he knew better.  Gabriella was hurting inside and because she couldn’t do anything about it.  She wallowed.
His sister, Jessica Williams who was born after him, was destroying her own marriage.  It went both ways, but he knew her well enough to know that she was messing it up.  Kenny Williams was a great guy.  He loved her, but Jessica could make even Bin Laden cry.  She could be so difficult.
As he turned the car into the restaurant entrance, his thoughts centered on his little sister, Zoella Mya.  The one person everyone refused to discuss.  She was a no go zone in the Castille family.  Her name alone brought down the house in a conversation between the Castille women.  It was difficult not to worry about Zoella.  She was vulnerable and for most of her life, unhappy.  Though he hoped that was about to change now that she was with Robbie.  She was hardly the heartless bitch Jessica believed her to be.
He would be happy the day they could all see that.

******

Jessica Castille Williams was getting drunk.  The amount of wine she was drinking was going to knock her down on her face the moment she stood up.  But who cared, she thought, pouring more wine into her glass.  Lifting it, she smiled at her dear eldest brother.
“To marriage, I hope Zoe is happier at it.”
“She will be,” Danny said firmly. “I don’t want to discuss Zoe.  We’re here to talk about you, Jess.”
“Of course you’re my little sister’s protector.  Unfortunately, dear brother, she is my problem.  She and Kenny are stuck together in a pea pod.  He should have married her.  Robbie is wasting his time.”
“You’re drunk.”
“Oh posh, Danny, don’t try.  That girl is too selfish.  How can she string along two men?  Why won’t she let my husband go if she’s so happy with the rock star?”
“Why do you dwell on this?”
Jessica hiccupped delicately.  “I can’t stand how unhappy we are.  Kenny’s not been home you know.  He’s been jet hopping for days now.  New Zealand, Ireland, Greece, anywhere but London.  He doesn’t want to see me.”
“Did you have a fight?”  Danny motioned the waiter over.
Their plates were cleared and replaced with cups of coffee.  Reaching across the table, Danny moved the wine bottle and made sure the waiter left with it.  He would try and sober her up with coffee.
“Fight,” Jessica was saying, “more like a series of them.  Every moment seems like a fight around Kenny.  I can’t seem to bring out that side of him that was in love with me.  I’m afraid he doesn’t care anymore.”
“Talk with him,” Danny suggested.  “Have a nice dinner.  Be nice to each other.”
“It’s difficult.” Jessica was close to tears.  “I feel tired of fighting.  I want to shake him sometimes and demand that he look at me the way he used to.  He just shrugs and walks away.”
Danny waited for her to continue.  When she didn’t, he allowed the silence and studied her instead.  His sister had always been a pretty girl.  Her hair was blonde and currently styled in a cute bob.  Her eyes were a pretty sky blue, her lips tight and sweet.  Her skin was soft and silky.  She kept her figure trim; she was always in designer clothes, tailored to fit to perfection.
All Castille women dressed well, he thought.  They were fashion designer darlings.  It had been a problem fighting off the sniffing men, Danny thought in amusement.  He’d done it though.  Well, not for all of them he remembered.  Zoe had been living elsewhere, so he’d never gotten the chance to protect her like a brother should.  Instead, that job had fallen on Kenny Williams. 
“Jessica,” Danny said now, his tone quiet as he took her hand.  “I realize how angry you are right now, but I know that you can solve this.  So stop being so sad.”
“Danny, you make it sound so easy.”
“But it is, sweet, you love him, he loves you.  Work from there.”
Squeezing her fingers he made a note to call on Kenny when he came back to town.
“Now, drink your coffee, Mrs. Williams.  You need to sober up.  You’re going to have a rough morning tomorrow.”

******

Zoe couldn’t help smiling.  Dinner was a lovely affair done at the Davenly Prague.  The staff had arranged a beautiful dinner setting in a private dining room on the second floor.  They wined and dined amid laughter and conversation that lifted Zoe’s spirits.  Having these three people around always cured her depressive moods.
When the waiters brought in coffee, Kenny leaned back in his chair; an arm slung over Zoe’s chair and sighed with contentment. 
“I haven’t had such a lovely evening in forever.  I’m glad I stopped by,” Kenny said.
Athena smiled at the picture the two made seated beside each other.  They were so relaxed.  They could be mistaken for siblings.  It was endearing how much Kenny got protective over Zoe.  
“We should do it more often then,” Athena said.
“The both of you are always so busy.” Thaddeus pointed out, as he wiped his mouth with his napkin.  “What are we going to do about that?  I barely see you.”
“We’ll slow down.” Zoe soothed her uncle.  “I’m free now, as soon as I get a few things done here, I’ll be in Athens.  You’ll see me until you get tired of it.”
“I doubt that.  You’ll be preparing to get married and leave me.” Thad complained. “You’ll get so involved in your happiness and neglect even calling me.”
Athena shook her head in amusement at the expert whining her husband was putting up and winked at Kenny when Zoe got up to hug her uncle.
“Uncle Thad, I’ll call you a lot of times.  Just coz I’ll be married doesn’t mean I won’t have problems.  In fact, I’ll need you more than ever.”
“Sweetheart,” Thaddeus sighed hugging her back.  “You know, I’ll be there for you.  Anything you need, yes?”
“I know.” Zoe kissed the top of his head and returned to her seat.  “Speaking of which, Robbie is wondering if Gabriella will come to the wedding.  Will you please ask her for me?”
They all paused at this and studied her as she carefully picked up her wine glass and sipped her red wine.
Kenny cleared his throat and asked, “Are you sure you want her there?”
“She’s my mother,” Zoe said quietly, “she should be there.”
“I’ll call,” Thaddeus said. “I know Danny will be there.  Of course Jessica will be too since Kenny’s the best man.”
“One thing,” Zoe said staring into her glass. “I want Gabriella to come because she wants to, because she’s supporting us.  Not because you tell her to Uncle Thad.  So don’t try to persuade her if she says no.”
“Zoe,” Athena sighed, “your mother is a hard person.  She’s—
“I’m tired of it.” Zoe cut in firmly. “For the first time in my life, I’m really happy.  I want this wedding to be a happy occasion.  So, if she doesn’t want to be there, don’t force her to be.”
“Zoe.” Kenny shook his head, rubbing her arm gently. “It will be alright.”
“Yes, it will be.” Zoe agreed, smiling at them all.  “Things will be just fine.”
They were all quite aware of how much Zoe wanted Gabriella to make it to that wedding.  When Kenny met Thad’s gaze, he also realized that the older man would do anything to ensure Gabriella came.
Conversation moved to more pleasant matters.  They talked until Zoe’s eyes started drooping and they all decided to retire and meet for breakfast before they left.  Kenny offered to escort Zoe to her suite and once they got there he helped her open her door.
Handing her the key card, he smiled.  “Robbie?”
Zoe’s gaze met his silver grey one.  “He’s fine.”
“You miss him.”  Kenny deduced he could see it in her eyes.
“I can’t help it.”
“I understand,” Kenny said.  Leaning down, he dropped a kiss on her cheek and hugged her.  “Get some sleep. You’re dead on your feet.”
“You too,” Zoe said.  “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Kenny waited until her door was closed and the key chain was on before he headed down the hallway with the Davenly company logo on the carpet to his own suite, a smile lingering on his lips at the incredible evening.

*****
Chapter Two
*****

The next morning dawned with snowy weather.  The white stuff fell steadily covering every inch of the city and making the atmosphere dreary and cold.  Zoe sat at her vanity table wrapped in a warm white sweater staring out the windows.  She’d really been looking forward to a day out spent sightseeing.
Letting a sigh slip, she stood up and headed for the living area in her suite.  Turning on the television for noise, she started picking up the music sheets she’d been scribbling on the entire week.  Some of it would get used, she thought, pausing to read a few notations.  Some of it would be discarded or re-written.  Such was the process of good music compositions.  She loved music.  Music in any shape or form was like a balm to her soul.  She couldn’t live without it.  Was it any wonder that she was now about to marry a musician?
Not that Robbie’s appeal was only his music.  He was one gorgeous man.  Raven hair that was always long and shaggy in that rakish way, green eyes that thrilled her, the sexiest mouth.  He sometimes smiled at her and she just stared at him.  He understood her love affair with music.  He knew her obsessions with musical instruments.  She knew his.  When it came to guitars, Robbie was absolutely obsessed.  He had an entire collection of them at their home in London. 
A knock on her door interrupted her thoughts and she placed the sheets of music on a stool.  Hurrying to the door, she looked in the peep hole before she pulled it open to admit Kelly.
“I brought your baby.  It was well taken care of through the night.  The security in this hotel is absolutely helpful.”
Zoe took the case Kelly handed her and rushed for the coffee table.  Placing the case on it, she opened the snaps and pushed the cover open to reveal her prized possession.  The violin was a Stradivarius.  It was three hundred years old and worth more than a Dubai island.  It was insured for theft, damage, and all other kinds of disasters that could occur but Zoe was quite aware that she’d be devastated to lose it.  The instrument meant more to her than a piece of wood and strings.  Nothing could replace it.
“I’ve missed you.”  She sighed over it, running a finger over the finished wood.  “Tell me something good Kelly.”  She closed the case.  “Can I make it to Greece tomorrow?”
“You have two photo shoots, an appearance at a benefit this afternoon, an interview with a talk show.  I’d give it afternoon tomorrow.”  Kelly arranged papers that needed Zoe’s signature on a coffee table.  “I also think Chris wants to have a meeting with you.”
Zoe groaned at that last one.  She took a pen from Kelly’s briefcase and started signing papers, her gaze moving over the details swiftly.  She knew what Chris wanted.  There was no way she was going to give it to him, especially now that she was about to get married to Robbie.  There were just too many secrets that came with that country for her.
She’d never make a cross over to the United States.

******

“You said never,” Athena said with a laugh to her husband.  “I told you she’d get married one day.”
“Well,” Thaddeus shook his head, his gaze focused on a souvenir mug that was displayed on the shelf.  They were browsing the gift shop in the hotel lobby while they waited for Kenny and Zoe.
“A man can always hope.  She’s my little girl.  I’m supposed to be protective of her always.”
“You do a very good job of it, my love.” Athena assured him, touching a little golden angel figurine.  Her gaze shifted from the figure to her husband.  
Time had only made his features more striking.  At forty-five, Thaddeus was still as potent as the day she’d met him.  His eyes were a sharp blue, his hair blonde.  She made sure he kept it stylishly cut.  His skin boasted a healthy golden tone.  A tribute to the Greek sun she supposed.  It made him look vital.
When he smiled, like he was now, little wrinkles appeared at his eyes and the corners of his mouth.  Was it a wonder she was so in love with him?  She could sit and study him for hours, and she’d find something new to love about him.  They would be married seven years, this year.  She was even more in love with him now if that was possible.
Thad had given her every thing and more.  She had love, a wonderful life, a career she loved, and their children, Zoe, who was a daughter to her, and Zan, their beautiful six year old son.  How lucky she was.
“What is that secret smile?” Thaddeus asked.
Athena grinned. “I just remembered how adamant you were about not marrying me.  You can be so stubborn.”
She took his hand in hers.  Thaddeus chuckled; his gaze fell to their clasped hands.
“I didn’t realize how much I was missing then.  Now, I know.  And, I wouldn’t trade it for the world.”
“If it wasn’t for Zoe,” Athena mused, “we wouldn’t be here.”
“I’d have found you,” Thaddeus said, leaning down to brush her lips with a soft kiss.  He touched her strawberry blonde hair with his other hand.  Brushing at the long strands held back by a clip.
“Of course,” Athena said, looking up into his eyes.  “It would have taken a bit longer.”
He was about to protest when she lifted an eyebrow at him.  The elegant arch made him acquiesce.  “Yes, it would have taken longer.”
“I know you don’t like to discuss those days,” Athena said squeezing the hand she held when he closed his eyes.  “No, Thad.  I know you.  I know what this month means to both you and Zoe.  Obviously, that is why you’re protective of her right now.  But I want you to know, to remember that something good came out of it.  What we have is precious.  Remember that.”
“Why do you say this?” Thad asked opening his eyes to search Athena’s green ones. 
“You’ve been thinking about it.”  Athena reached up to caress his jaw with her free hand. “It’s also April and both of you always act very different this month.  It’s like some sort of twisted anniversary thing in your heads.  Zoe’s can’t be helped, but you, I have to remind you that there’s me and Zan.  We love you.”
Thad sighed and pulled his wife into his arms.  Hugging her tightly and burying his face in her jasmine scented hair.  Breathing in the sweet flowery scent, he thanked the lucky stars that had brought her into his life.
“I love you,” he murmured into her hair.  The words came straight from his heart.

******

Kenny watched Thad and Athena through the glass windows envy reflected in his eyes.  The two of them were so obviously in love.  He wondered how they managed to keep so happy.  Seven years of marriage seemed to have only brought them closer.  As for him, his marriage was crumbling each day it seemed.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d kissed his wife.  Sighing, he shrugged off the melancholy and headed for the elevators.  He needed to get Zoe for breakfast.
As he rode the elevator up, Thad’s comment about them ending up together came to him. It was strange but he’d never really thought of Zoe that way.  She was his little sister.  Their bond was so strong that he’d do anything for her.  He had done things for her he wouldn’t do for anyone else.  But have her as a lover that would be wrong.
And it wasn’t because she was not beautiful.  Zoella was a stunning woman.  Even on a bad hair day, she looked gorgeous.  He’d fought off millions of suitors through the years.
It was just that, Zoe would always be the little bad tempered fourteen year old he’d first met in Ohio.  She’d been pushing her bike home, and he’d been driving in from college.  He’d stopped his car to allow her to cross the entrance to his house and she’d given him an annoyed look.  He’d befriended her to piss her off.  Even offered to drive her home and have her bike fixed.  The little minx had sworn at him and called him a pervert.
Laughing to himself at the memory, he knocked on her hotel room door and was not surprised when Kelly Jones pulled open the door.
“Morning Kels,” he greeted.
“Williams,” Kelly answered.  Theirs was a love/hate relationship. “No scandals, we are riding out a very smooth tour so far.  I don’t want to hear about lovey-dovey hugs in the lobby.”
“Yes madam,” Kenny said hiding a smile from the five foot eight inches dominatrix.  Kelly was the type of woman who could make men shiver and not in pleasure.  He strolled through to the open bedroom.
Zoe was busy pulling on black half boots over a pair of black slacks.  She didn’t stop when he came in.
“Kenny, could you please find the wedding planner’s business card in my purse for me.  I know I stuck it in there.  I can’t find it and Kelly is being annoying about it.”
She zipped up one shoe, and then turned to the other.
Kenny shook his head at the picture she made, and headed for her vanity table.  The large black bag was already open.  He’d rummaged in it so many times before it was familiar.  He needed her wallet.  Chances were the card was in there.  
“I just saw your aunt and uncle hugging in the gift shop.”
“Are they being soppy lovers again?” Zoe asked a smile in her words.
“They always are.  I’m envious,” Kenny said his hand moving over a pack of chewing gum, pencils, tissues and then a diary.  Women’s purses were like treasure chests.  “I want to ask what they’re doing right.”
“Loving each other,” Zoe said finishing with her shoe.  Straightening up, she tugged the heavy white sweater into place and ran a hand through her hair.  “We can only hope to be like them.”
“That’s true.” Kenny sighed, and then was going to say more when his hand passed over a bottle of pills.  Reading the prescription, he looked at Zoe.
“How many times have you been seeing Dr. Sylvia lately?”
“Oh, on and off,” Zoe said, her tone dismissive.
Dr.  Sylvia Hellinski was Zoe’s psychiatrist.  Sylvia had been her doctor for eight years now.
Kenny persisted.
“How many times?” he asked.
Zoe sighed.  “Not many Kenny.  I haven’t even needed to take the pills.  As you see, the bottle is almost full.”
“No nightmares?” Kenny asked.
“None, I must be getting better,” Zoe said with a small smile.  “Don’t worry; I’ll rush to her if something happens.”
“I can’t help worrying,” Kenny said dropping the pills back into her bag.  “You have to take care of yourself.”
“I am,” Zoe said moving to sit on the edge of the large bed.  Kenny found her wallet and searched through the pockets.  He found the card. 
“I knew it.” Zoe exclaimed with a happy laugh.
Kenny grinned as she jumped to take it.  Rushing out of the room, she found Kelly to brag. “I told you so.  Now, I’m going for breakfast.  Then I will be all yours.”
Kelly, not impressed by the little show of triumph, took the card
“No scandals,” she warned.
“No scandals.” Zoe agreed and crossed her heart.  “I promise.”
“I know you two.” Kelly warned as they left.  “I mean what I say.”
“Yes Kelly,” they answered as the door closed.
“She’s going to quit one of these days,” Kenny said when Zoe stopped chuckling at the elevators.
“She’s been threatening us for four years now,” Zoe said relaxed.  “I’m not worried.”
“That’s what you say now.  Wait until she’s gone.” Kenny warned with an amused look when the elevator doors opened.
Zoe poked his ribs under the sports jacket he wore.  “Quit scaring me.  No office today?”
“My flight is in the afternoon.  I figured I’ll play hooky for a few hours.”   He was dressed casually in a black polo neck and blue jeans.  His sports jacket was also black giving him that elegance that only his confidence could give.  
“How is Jessica?  I forgot to ask last night,” Zoe asked into the comfortable silence.
“I don’t know,” Kenny answered, his gaze fixed on the changing numbers of the elevator, “Haven’t been to London in a while.  I’m sure she’s fine.”
“Kenny,” Zoe sighed, moving closer to him for a hug.  “I hate to see you this way.  You love her so much.”
“It’s not enough anymore,” Kenny said, glancing down at her dark hair pressed against his chest.  “We fight and scream about everything.  I can’t stand it.”
“Is it because of me?” Zoe asked bluntly.  She was well aware of how her sister felt about their relationship. “I know—
“Don’t blame yourself.” Kenny cut her off, rubbing her back.  “She’s drawn conclusions that suit her and closed her eyes from the truth.  I can’t allow you to blame yourself for it.”
Too late, Zoe thought.
She was going to talk to Jessica soon.  Straighten this out.  It wasn’t fair to Kenny after all he’d done for her.
“I’m sorry things are like that for you, Kenny.”
“I’m sorry too,” Kenny replied, pulling back.
He smiled at her.  When she smiled back, he stuck his fingers into the dimples that appeared at her cheeks.  “I wonder why you and I never got together.”
“Because,” she smirked at him, “we know too much about each other.  It would destroy the chemistry.  Besides, we seem to have a penchant for pain and passion.”
Kenny laughed.  “Yeah, me pain, you passion.”
“That’s right.” The elevator opened and she pulled him out.  “Let’s find the love birds and get me fed.  I’m starved.”
A photo journalist chose that moment to snap a photograph, doing so discreetly and with rapid succession.  When he was done, he slipped away assured of a cool five thousand pounds for the series of pictures he had captured.

*****

Jessica woke up the next morning with a numbing headache.   The recollection of a night spent railing at Danny came back to her and she let out an embarrassed groan.  Her brother was officially a saint.  Getting up, she dragged herself to the bathroom and turned on a steaming shower.
As she prepared for another busy day at the Castille Textile offices, Jessica’s thoughts centered on her life as it was.  She was the executive director at Castille Textile.  She oversaw the different departments in the company, making sure that all the strategic plans were carried out.  She appreciated the challenges the job constantly threw at her because the company meant a lot to her.  There were those days when she dealt with extremely difficult people and other days that took her to beautiful places like Milan.  Her best friend Christine Phillips, who was the editor in chief of a popular magazine constantly, teased her about her charmed life.
For as long as she could remember, being a Castille had always meant prestige and money, lots of money.  And Jessica didn’t mind it at all.  She liked the reaction people gave her when they found out that she was a Castille.  It opened doors for her that many others could never get in to.  She was proud of her family name.  So yes, she did live a charmed life, Jessica thought as she stared in to a gold gilded mirror at her vanity table.
In all ways but one, she reminded that familiar face staring back at her.
As she applied peach lipstick on her lips, she wondered where her husband was today.  He hadn’t called last night.  She’d been too drunk to even answer.
When was Kenny coming home? 
It seemed like all she did lately was worry and wonder about Kenny.
It was hard to imagine that three years ago they had been inseparable.  He’d wooed her with flamboyant gestures that made her cry in happiness.  She could still remember the night he’d rented a yacht and they’d had a fabulous evening at sea.  Then he’d made love to her until she’d given her everything to him.
Where was that man now?
She wanted that Kenny back.
He spent more time with her baby sister than he did with her.  She couldn’t stand the thought.  It didn’t matter that the two of them had been best friends before she ever came along.  Or that they shared a bond that would not be easily severed.  None of that mattered.
She, Jessica, was Kenny’s wife.
If he had things to discuss, he should come to her.  It made her so angry that he still insisted on talking to Zoella.
Zoella was selfish.  She had decided to abandon the family in pursuit of fame.  The girl was a Castille.  She should be working for Castille Co. not gallivanting around the world playing the musician.  How annoying it was to switch on the television and find advertisements with her sister’s face on them. 
Shaking her head, Jessica stood up, ran a smoothing hand down her Gucci tailored trouser suit.  It was forest green and showed off her figure to perfection.  Satisfied with her looks, she picked up her hand bag; also green to match, and left the master bedroom headed downstairs for breakfast.
Their town house was a large affair on Mayfair Street.  Furniture and all the décor had been done by the most sought after interior designer.  The woman had done such a wonderful job with the place.  It was a pleasant surprise to visit each room.  The sunroom on the second floor was done in vibrant Turkish designs.  The living area downstairs which Jessica considered as the main room and where all the entertainment was done had been set in a unique modern template.  White couches, glass coffee tables, white walls with black and white art and wall hanging on them.  Each item arranged in order to balance the room.
Placing her bag on a stool by an arm chair, Jessica admitted to herself that she was proud of her home.  The Home and Garden magazine had featured this very living area a few months before.  They had called it serene beauty.
She was a damn good home maker.  Why couldn’t Kenny see that?  A simple, ‘you did good honey’, would suffice.  She hadn’t even gotten an acknowledgement for the magazine article.
Deciding against breakfast, the dining room would be too lonely to eat in without Kenny, she picked up her handbag and headed for the office instead.  Hopefully Roselyn her secretary would offer her some coffee and a muffin.
An hour later, she was planning her day with Roselyn when the phone rang.
It was Christine Phillips.  She decided to take the call in the privacy of her office.  Taking the morning paper, her coffee and the muffin from the cafeteria, she headed in to the comfortable office and settled in her chair.
“Morning Christy,” she said a minute later as she sipped her coffee.
“Have you seen the entertainment section?”
“I haven’t.  Why?  Someone we know in there?”
“Your husband,” Christine said.  “He looks very handsome.  I didn’t know he’d be in Prague.  You could have told me.  The magazine has been trying to get an exclusive on Zoella Mya.”
Jessica placed her cup of coffee down and reached for the paper.  Hoping that she would not be disappointed again, she turned to the entertainment section and there they were.
Kenny was smiling into her sister’s eyes like she was the only thing in the world.  How foolish they made her feel.
“He does look handsome, doesn’t he?” she said to Christy.
Christy sighed.
“He didn’t tell you.”  It wasn’t that hard to sense the tension and hurt in Jessica’s voice. “You two need to talk.  Get this out.”
“I have talked.  The photographs still appear.  I don’t know what to say anymore,” Jessica said thinking that this just meant that Kenny was happier than she was right now.
When was the last time he’d smiled at her like that?
“Fine, let’s have lunch then.” Christy suggested sensing despair from her friend.
“I can’t.  I have to meet a client today,” Jessica answered.
Her gaze riveted on the photograph now on her desk.  It had been kind of Christine to call and warn her.  She was sure there would be more calls coming from their combined acquaintances.
“Alright, Jess.  Why don’t you call me when you’re free?  I’ll take you out; we can shop and spend time at the spa, at your wealthy husband’s expense.”
“That sounds good,” Jessica said with a wide smile.  “You’re on.”
They hang up soon after and Jessica settled back in her chair to read the caption underneath the picture.
‘English Tycoon Kenneth Williams takes renowned virtuoso, Zoella Mya for breakfast at his hotel in Prague’
How perfect.  They looked so matched.  Her husband did not hide the love he had for Zoe.  It was so apparent.
With Jessica, it was as though he couldn’t stand her.  They fought more than they talked.  He didn’t share things about his life anymore.  Tidbits like he would be in Prague passed her by.  Staring at the picture, Jess couldn’t help the burst of anger.
This was not a way to live.  She wanted more from Kenny.  She wanted a solid marriage.  Like the one her parents had enjoyed.  Even Uncle Thaddeus and Aunt Athena were happy in their marriage.
Was it too much to ask to want the same?

******

It really was too much, Gabriella Girgorio Castille thought.
She stood in her living room at the Castille Estate in Brighton simply watching the gardens growing down below in a wild array of color.  The gardener was already in there weeding and pruning to make sure that the flowers grew well.  She’d always loved the homey feel a flower garden gave to a place.  That was why the Castille estate was filled with flower gardens and neatly manicured lawns.
Smiling at the beauty of the gardens, Gabriella took one last look then brought her attention back to the room.  Her two best friends were perched on chintz arm chairs delicately sipping cups of tea as they discussed the upcoming party to be held at the botanical garden.  It would be a tea party held on behalf of a children’s orphanage in London that they all supported.  They were hoping to raise enough funds to build a new wing.
Lady Marion Basset, a blond woman in her late forties was the wife of a Viscount who’d passed away some ten years before.  She had no children from the marriage and spent her time using the wealth she’d been left by her husband on her charities and parties.  They’d become fast friends because they understood one another.  How it felt to lose a person so close.  Gabriella enjoyed talking with Marion.
Emma Jones was a brunette who’d married Edward Jones, the heir to a Pharmaceutical Company, one of those companies that researched and developed pain killers and anti depressives.  It was doing well, but Edward Jones spent most of his time in the labs at the company, researching and conducting experiments.  He barely had time for his wife and two children.
Gabriella had met Emma at Danny’s graduation from Harvard.  Emma’s daughter had also been graduating and from that day, they had remained close friends.
Now here they were, years later.  Society revered them only because they had loud opinions, Gabriella thought in amusement.  It was surprising that everyone had decided that they were socialites.  People could be so fickle.  It was refreshing when once in a while one person emerged to oppose them.  
This was why her youngest daughter remained her biggest challenge.  There didn’t seem to be anything they could agree on.  Her career, her lifestyle, her relationships and now her marriage, Zoe was an endless series of fights.   It didn’t seem possible that a daughter of hers was marrying a rock star.
“Gabby, what’s wrong?” Marion demanded.  “You haven’t said much since we came in.  What’s bothering you?”
Gabriella brought her attention back to her friend and the expression on Marion’s face meant that she was not going to back down.  Sighing, Gabriella moved closer to them and settled on a chaise that positioned her across them.  She gave them both a wan smile.
“Thaddeus called me this morning.”
“Oh no, that’s never good.  Your brother-in-law is so troublesome.  What did he say?” Emma said
They all knew about Gabriella’s life and how the family looked to Thaddeus Castille for direction.  It hadn’t always been that way.
Before, her husband Alexis Castille had been considered the head of the Castille clan.  Alexis was older than Thaddeus by six years.  It was Alexis who’d been the care taker of the family until his death sixteen years ago.  Thaddeus had taken over then.
“Zoe is getting married.  Thaddeus asked that I be there.  But how can I go when I don’t approve of her husband.  She’s marrying a rock star.”  Gabriella sighed.
“Little Zoella?  Is she finally marrying Robbie McClaire?” Marion asked.
“Yes, the king of drugs and sex,” Gabriella said unhappily.
There wasn’t a person on earth who didn’t know the past that Haden carried.  One of the band members had died of a drug overdose when the rock band first started.  Scandals followed Haden everywhere.  Their escapades were legendary; the groupies, the drugs, the money, and parties.
There was no way Zoe’s marriage would last.
“They’ll be divorced in six months,” Emma predicted.  “This could be a good thing.”
“She’s my daughter.  I don’t want her hurt.  Of course she wouldn’t believe it if I told her.” Gabriella shook her head.  “How can I support something that will only cause her pain?”
Her two friends stared at her with concern, each aware of how difficult the relationship between Gabriella and her youngest daughter was.  If Gabriella didn’t show up at the wedding, all would be lost.
“Sometimes, Gabby, we have to allow those we love to make mistakes,” Marion said quietly, “we’ll go to the wedding.”
“Yes.” Emma agreed.  “There’s no other way.”
“She’s making a mistake.” Gabriella shook her head.  “I’ll go to see it, so that I can remind her when things go bad.”
Marion laughed knowing that it would hurt Gabriella to do so.  The woman loved her children more than they knew, especially Zoella.
Zoe should know, Marion mused, how precious she was to her mother.
“Gabby, I know you don’t like to talk about it, but why does Zoe hate you so much?” Marion asked.  “It might help to talk about it.”
“I—,” Gabriella stopped, staring at the coffee table between them, her thoughts on a terrible day eight years ago.
A day that had seemed so surreal she couldn’t believe it had actually happened.  Some times she could convince herself that it was just her imagination.
“I think that things will never be fixed between my daughter and me.  There is no need to revisit a time of pure pain, Marion.  Perhaps a day will come when I can tell you but not yet.”
Marion nodded in understanding and after exchanging a glance with Emma, they proceeded to do their best to cheer Gabriella up.  They talked and laughed until it was well past noon.  Then Marion got up because she had an appointment to keep at two o’clock.
“I must leave too,” Emma said.  “My daughter is coming home today.  I want to make sure everything is ready for her.”
Gabriella escorted them out to the foyer.  “Then I’ll be seeing you ladies at the tea party.”
“Of course, Tracy will arrange everything,” Marion said, as she hugged Gabriella goodbye.  Emma followed suite and soon, Gabriella stood in the foyer alone.
She immediately headed to her study on the first floor.  Closing the door, she walked to her desk and pulled open a drawer at the bottom.  Retrieving a box, she placed it on top of the desk and opened it.
It was her memory box.  Mementos of everything that had happened in her life were in here.  Pulling out pictures in a very old album, she touched the top with reverence.  These were her wedding day pictures.  She’d been so happy.  It still seemed like it was yesterday for her.  She’d felt as though it would last forever.
Alexis Castille, the most handsome man on earth, with his beautiful blue eyes and blond hair had married her.
How she’d loved him.  He’d swept her off her feet with so much energy and force she sometimes caught her breath just thinking about it.  He’d made their love story memorable and so endearing; she hadn’t been able to fall in love again.  There simply wasn’t another man like him.
Looking in the box, she picked up a square of silk fabric, a smile flitting on her lips.  It was the first piece of fabric created by Castille Textile.  She could still remember that day so clearly.  Alexis had decided to expand the family business his father had left him in charge of.  With his younger brother dealing with the Media Company in Greece, Alexis had opted to explore other avenues.  He’d chosen textile because of its diverse nature.  Opening a factory in Milan, they’d all waited nervously as the first shipment had been made.  The day this silk had been produced, was the day Castille Corporation had been born.
A corporation made up of Castille Media and Castille Textile, creating a powerful business empire that had given them the power and lifestyle they now enjoyed.
Putting that aside, she reached in for a small scrap book.  Opening it, on the first page, she found a dried red rose.  It marked the night she’d given birth to Danny.  Alexis had brought it to the hospital and pressed a wet kiss on her lips.  He’d been so emotional.  She’d teased him for being so when he commanded so much respect from others.
“Darling, it’s not every day a man gets this humbled.  Look at how beautiful our son is.  He’s already wrapped me around his finger,” Alexis had answered.
Turning the page, she found the pink rose that was Jessica’s.  Jessica was a lady. She’d even had the sense to come during the day and on time.  Gabriella chuckled at how cute the girl had been.  She was the one who’d taken her father’s blue eyes and blond hair.  Alexis had fallen in love all over again, even promising Jessica the world.
The last page had a gardenia.  Zoe was the only child who’d not been a rose.  She’d not been a lady.  Her pregnancy had been troublesome and she’d arrived a month too early.  They’d spent their hours afterwards at her side in the hospital, praying that she survive in the incubator. 
“She’s feisty.” Alexis had declared when Zoe made it through just fine.  “She’s willing to live.  I love that.”
“Just like you, my love.” Gabriella had said.
In truth, Alexis had treated Zoe like his little princess.  She’d been a very cute button nosed child with black curly hair and cute dimples.  She’d charmed anyone she met.  Wild and spirited, she’d kept them on their toes.  It was easy to see why Alexis had loved her the most.
Of her three children, Zoe had been hit the hardest by the loss of their father.  Alexis had died in a tragic accident on Zoe’s eighth birthday.  He’d been rushing home for the party and never made it.
A devastating time, Gabriella thought staring at her husband’s picture in the box.  She’d never imagined she would live through it, but somehow she had.  They’d been staying in Manhattan then because Alexis had been setting up the New York branch of Castille Textile.  After his death, the task had fallen to her.
She’d been raising three children and trying to get a hold of a vast company with different demanding obligations.  If it weren’t for Thaddeus and his patience they would never have made it through.  Castille Textile would have fumbled and crashed.  Her children would not have the life they did.
Alexis’s will divided the corporation into two, giving the media company to Thaddeus and leaving the textile side to his family.  Danny was the majority heir; Jessica and Zoe were left trust funds that would take care of them for the rest of their own lives plus their offspring.
The Castille Clan had turned to Thaddeus as head of the family, and Gabriella had allowed it knowing that it would be better that way.  As it was, dealing with her children and the business had taken so much of her time.
Somehow in all of that, Zoe had managed to slip away.  Gabriella could still remember the day she’d discovered Zoe was playing in a band at an underground club in Manhattan.  The girl had been fourteen years old.
It was by chance that she managed to discover it.  Gabriella had been acting C.E.O of the company and had had very little time to deal with her home.  Danny was accelerating his education and had already left for Harvard, while Jessica was in Princeton.  The only one left at home had been Zoe.  She’d been left under the care of a nanny.
One afternoon, Thaddeus had insisted they visit Zoe, and Gabriella had agreed.  Expecting to find her daughter at home, Gabriella had been shocked to find that the girl wasn’t there.  After making a few inquiries from the staff, they discovered that Zoe had been sneaking out everyday for three years to play at a club downtown.  Just hearing it had driven Gabriella mad with worry.  
The city was not kind and the thought of Zoe running around knowing that she was a Castille and therefore a target for all kinds of kidnapping had almost destroyed Gabriella.  
It had taken hours to find the club.  They found Zoe with her friend standing at the curb outside the club glowing with excitement.  Dressed in a short black leather skirt and a tight lace top, Zoe had looked like a stranger.  Her daughter had looked so distant.  If Thaddeus had not been with her, she might have beaten Zoe senseless out of fear.
That day, Gabriella made the decision to move to Ohio and live with her sister Julia.  Assuming that what Zoe needed was a close knit family; she’d imagined living with Julia, her husband and their young twins would solve the problem.  Against vehement protests from fourteen year old Zoe, they’d made the move in the summer.
Closing her eyes, Gabriella wondered for the millionth time in her life whether that had been the right decision to make.  Maybe if they had remained in Manhattan things would be different now.  Zoe would be working for Castille instead of gallivanting around the world.  She’d be marrying a nice young man and the family would be together.
As it was, for eight years now, she’d barely had a civil conversation with her youngest daughter.  Their connection was sour and full of anger.  It was also the reason why a rift existed between Gabriella and Thaddeus.  Because he’d taken her baby to Greece and refused to give her back. 
Returning the memories back in the box, she stowed the box away and sat in her chair with a sigh.  How could she go to a wedding she disapproved and act like it was alright?
Swinging her chair from side to side, a small voice whispered in her head, ‘Because you love your daughter, despite her choices.’

*****

“She’s coming.” Zoe said in to her cell phone.  The words were a surprise even to her as she said them.  “I can’t believe it.  Uncle Thad called to say that she accepted the invitation.”
“Well, that’s great,” Robbie said happily.  “I told you she’d come.  She obviously cares.”
“Hmm, that’s relative,” Zoe said leaning back into her seat. “I imagine there is some sort of rational for it in her mind.  But it doesn’t matter.  I’m on my way home right now.”
“I thought you’d be going to Athens?” Robbie asked.
“The wedding planner says I need to be home for a special delivery.  I can’t have you seeing the wedding dress yet.” Zoe teased.
“Ah, is that so?  Can’t you give me a glimpse?  I have this fantasy you know.  I’ve been dreaming about it, and it would help to know how the dress looks like.”  Robbie purred into her ear.
Zoe smiled at how sexy his voice was.  Her cheeks flushed with heat. “Not a chance you pirate.”
“Argh” he said, mimicking a pirate, then his tone changed, became serious. “I miss you, Zoe.”
“I miss you too,” Zoe said, her heart aching.  “Let’s discuss something else to make this easier.”
“How’s Chris?”  Robbie asked.
“I saw him today.  He’s still ornery and demanding.  I could swear he was older than his actual thirty.”  Zoe grumbled.  “He wants me to make a crossover to the states.  I’m not ready.  He wasn’t happy.”
“Sweetheart, you know he’s just trying to extend the profit margin.” Robbie soothed, “He’s a money making machine.  Don’t worry about him.”
“Yeah,” Zoe sighed.  “Kenny says hi.  He cancelled his trip to New Zealand last minute.”
“Is he there with you?” Robbie asked
“Yeah, sleeping like a baby.”  Zoe mused, her gaze on the sleeping man across her.  The hostess had covered him with a soft blanket and reclined his seat.  “He’s having a rough time I think.  Jess is trouble you know.”
“Sweetie, your sister is more than trouble.  She’s jealous,” Robbie said.  “I’d imagine she thinks you’re the reason Kenny is always away.”
“I’m going to talk to her.  I need to explain that it isn’t that way.”
“Haven’t you tried that before?”  Robbie asked, worried. “Zoe, she gets you so upset, I can’t stand it.  Are you sure you want to do that before the wedding?”
“I can’t watch this go on, Robbie.  He deserves to be happy.”
“I know,” Robbie paused, letting out a sigh.  “Promise me you won’t let her upset you.”
“I promise,” Zoe said with a smile.  “I love you, Robbie.”
“I love you, pixie.”
“Rock Chicago out,” Zoe said.
“Right on, Love,” Robbie said with a smile.  “I’ll call you after the show.”
He rang off and Zoe sat in her seat just staring at her cell phone.
Life could be so mysterious.  There had been a time when she’d felt as though she would never smile again.  Never feel joy, never fall in love, nothing in the world could have convinced her different in those days.
Yet now here she was.  It was no secret that she was madly in love and happy.  She was content.  She had everything she could ever want and perhaps more.  A great career, love, and a fabulous home in London, not to mention people who genuinely cared about her, she couldn’t help thanking the universe for her luck.
They used Kenny’s Mercedes to go home.  He dropped her off at the Greek building where the penthouse she shared with Robbie was.  The place had come highly recommended in terms of security and privacy, being who they were made it difficult to just settle anywhere.  So far, Zoe thought as she smiled at the guard who opened the door for her, she couldn’t complain.
Using her key, she sent the elevator to the top floor in the ten story building and the doors opened to admit her into a bright hallway with large windows that showed off the city.  Walking to the double doors, she opened them and stepped into the lighted foyer, which meant that Kelly had already called the housekeeper.
Bless you Kels, Zoe thought as she placed her handbag and coat on a table by the wall.  She was hungry and didn’t feel like fighting with pots and pans.
Maria, the housekeeper, would surely have something ready.
Happy that her day was turning out okay, Zoe removed her boots and headed for the kitchen in search of Maria and a good cup of coffee.

******

Kenny stood at the doors to his townhouse and stared at the gold knocker with a bit of apprehension.  For a man who’d lived with his wife for almost three years now, he was quite afraid to see her in the next few minutes.  He’d been hoping and praying she was still at the office but his driver assured him that Mrs. Williams was home.
Letting out a sigh, he opened the front door and entered the warm house.  It was a chilly evening, but one could hardly tell from in here.  Pulling off his Burberry coat, he handed it to the butler together with his briefcase and asked where his wife was.
“She is in the drawing room, sir.  Would you like some coffee?  It’s chilly today.”
“That would be nice,” Kenny said absent mindedly, and then paused. “When did my wife return from the office?”
“She returned around four o’clock sir, three hours ago.”
“Thank you.”  Kenny nodded and headed for the drawing room.
It was at the back of the house, overlooking a lovely herbal garden that Jessica liked to tend in the summer.  The house was her pride and joy.  He was proud of what she’d done with the place.  It wasn’t boring like most homes could be.  In fact, he liked that he could walk into a room and it would be a surprise. 
Rubbing his hands together, aware of that alarmed feeling that always came with seeing Jessica after being away from her so long, he warned himself to take it easy.  The fact that she’d returned from the office at four was reason enough.  She was not in the best of moods.  She always left the office early on bad days.  To spare everyone her bad temper, she’d once told him.
He rather hoped that they wouldn’t argue.  He’d missed being with her.  And after being around Thaddeus and Athena, the need to hold his wife was overwhelming.
Wiping a hand over his face, he walked into the drawing room and stopped when he saw her seated in an armchair by the floor length windows.  She looked so beautiful seated there, her hair golden in the light, her profile striking.  She was still in office wear, and green suited her.  Then he saw the goblet of white wine in her hand and sighed.
“I see you’ve remembered you have a home,” Jessica said in greeting.  “Good evening husband.  How is my little sister?”

****
Chapter Three
*****

“She’s very good,” Kenny answered, heading for the bar on the other side.  His back to her, he proceeded to pour a healthy glass of scotch.
It was obvious the evening was going to get very difficult.
“At least you don’t deny it,” Jessica said.
She couldn’t figure out whether she’d hoped he would so that she could hate him.  When he agreed so easily, she always felt so foolish.
“In case you don’t realize it, Zoe has a fiancée now.  It’s his job to take care of her.”
“I don’t want to fight with you, Jess,” Kenny said turning around to face her.  “Just tell me what’s brought this on.”
“A bloody snapshot of the both of you mooning in to each other’s eyes.  I’m tired of it.”  Jessica shot at him, acid in her words.  “What do you want Kenny, because I’m really so confused.”
“I want my wife to start trusting me,” Kenny said, his gaze steady on hers.  He stood leaning against the bar counter, his glass held loosely in his right hand.  “How many times will I tell you that nothing is going on between Zoe and me?”
Jessica shook her head.  “You make that very hard to believe, especially since you won’t even tell me where you are.  For weeks now, Kenny, you’ve been running around the world.  How am I supposed to feel?”
Kenny could only stare at her.  He didn’t have anymore explanations to give her.  He was tired physically and emotionally.  All of these confrontations were starting to run into each other.  He wanted change.  But how could he implement that when she didn’t even trust him?
“Have you had dinner?” he asked suddenly.
Surprise registered on her face. 
Jessica stared at him for a moment before she shook her head.  “No.”
“Let’s go out.  We can have some dinner at Marie’s.  I’m starving.  Can we have this talk later?”
Too shocked by this sudden change, Jessica could only nod in agreement.  It had been a while since they’d even had dinner together.  She would be a fool to pass this up.
He flashed a smile and she melted.
“Alright,” she said quietly.

******

“You okay?” Tevin Whittaker asked Robbie as Haden prepared to go on stage in Chicago.
“Just fine,” Robbie answered adjusting the belt on his trousers.
“You’re pretty quiet,” Ron Jasper said, playing with a guitar pick with his initials on it.  “Are you thinking about the pixie?”
“Of course he is, Ron.”  Mick Sanders chipped in.  He held drumsticks in one hand; he curved his left arm around Robbie’s neck and smacked a kiss on Robbie’s jaw.  “He’s beautifully in love.  He has to brood.”
“There is a reason I don’t go to a shrink,” Robbie said thoughtfully and then made a show of widening his eyes.  “Oh yeah, I have the lot of you.  Will you quit, I’m fine.”
“Yeah,” Tevin said his gaze skeptical.  “Seriously man, what’s on your mind?  You’ve been brooding.”
Robbie sighed.  “If you must know, I was thinking of Ryan.  It will be his anniversary soon.  I can’t believe it will be eight years this month.”
At the mention of Ryan, the guys all fell silent.  Their heads bent as mixed emotions passed around.  None of them could forget Ryan Jacques, the fifth member of Haden.  Ryan and Robbie had shared a special bond, one forged by childhood memories and a shared lifetime.  Ryan Jacques had died from a drug overdose two years after Haden was signed to a record label.  Robbie had found him in his hotel room in Amsterdam.  
Ryan’s death had devastated them all.
Tevin squeezed Robbie’s shoulder.  “We should plan something.”
“Yeah,” Ron agreed.  “Why don’t we have a wild concert in Ryan’s hometown?”
“That would be nice.”  Robbie agreed, breathing out to ease the knot of pain that always accompanied thoughts of Ryan.  “For now, let’s rock this place.  I feel lucky tonight.”
“Coz she called.” Mick teased glad that the moment of sadness was gone.  He had never really liked Ryan and hated the look the punk’s memory brought to Robbie’s face. “Do you know I miss her myself?  Careful McClaire, I might steal her from you.”
Robbie chuckled. “You’re welcome to try.”
They all laughed and Tevin noted that their cue was up.  “Let’s go.  It’s time.”
Following his band mates to the stage, Robbie couldn’t help a smile as the crowds roared in frenzy.  Their energy fueled his adrenaline as the music started, Tevin and Ron on guitar and bass, while Mick was on the drums.  The melody was loud and head banging and as he entered with the lyrics, his heart beat joined in.
His blood pumped with excitement as he sang.  It had always been like this.  He loved to perform.  Each song was a story for him, of his life or the band.  Then again his life was the band, so it hardly made a difference.  They wrote the songs together using experiences and occasions in their own lives.
The first song ended and Tevin started on the band’s cover song.  The title of the song had come from a trip to Dublin when they first started out.  Valkyrie of my heart had sold over six million copies in the ten years that Haden had been playing music.  No matter how many songs they wrote and recorded, Valkyrie always remained an old time favorite for them all.  Grinning at Tevin, Robbie went into the nostalgic chorus.
The words taking him back to the beginning, to the time the band had been starting out.  Haden had not been born out of desperation or a need for money.  Someone had once described the entire band as a collective of rich spoiled brats.
No one could argue that fact, Robbie mused.
Tevin’s family was full of doctors.  Mick’s parents owned a prestigious music school in Cambridge, and Ron’s family was into merchandizing.
Although the McClaires’ had died young leaving their only son an orphan, they too had accumulated a fortune through investments in oil companies abroad and a shipping business that Robbie sold the moment his grandmother died.
His heart had always been in music.  Through the years of private boarding schools in Switzerland, he’d often endured punishments for being the wild child where studious behavior was required.  That was where he’d met Ryan Jacques and Kenny Williams.  Three boys full of mischief and rebellion; they’d been quite a force to reckon with, even for their parents.
The number of pranks they could pull off in a day had shocked their parents more than once.  Summertime had been an adventure in those early days.  Until the night that took away Kenny and Robbie’s parents.  The four adults had left them at home to go in search of drinks for a party to be held later in the night.  They never returned.
A car crash on the highway had taken the four lives leaving both Kenny and Robbie orphans.  The tragedy had changed their lives.
Robbie could still remember how lost he’d felt when Kenny had told them he was to go live with his aunt in the states.  At the time, it had seemed like the fates were conspiring against him.
By the end of that summer, Kenny had been gone, and Robbie had moved in to his grandmother’s house.
Melinda McClaire had taken her son’s child in and proceeded to be as protective as a person could get.  Robbie had known that his father’s death caused his grandmother’s over protective reaction toward him.  But, enduring the insistent coddling and nagging had caused him many nights of discontentment and resentment.
As the years proceeded, Robbie became even more defiant and ended up hanging out at a club in Soho called Verity where he’d sing on open mic night and keep a sharp eye on Ryan who’d developed a taste for alcohol and drugs.
Verity was where Robbie had met Tevin, Ron and Mick.  They connected at once on a creative level and ended up jamming at Tevin’s house since Melinda McClaire did not approve of her grandson’s hobby.
“It will get you killed, dear.” Melinda would complain when he came home late.  “Why can’t you concentrate on your studies like your father, dear?”
She hadn’t understood.
Robbie had refused to make her try to understand.  So, he stopped telling her where he went and what he did.  Haden had been born from a combined passion for music.  They all loved to perform and being together had always sparked such creativity.
The band gained a following at Verity and though Ryan detested the fact that Robbie was making friends with the rest of the band, he’d grudgingly agreed that the band was promising.
The night Robbie realized that Ryan was taking drugs on a serious note was still so fresh in his mind.  He’d been sipping on a beer outside the club waiting for the band’s time to play.  It had been an especially bad night, since he’d just finished arguing with his grandmother about school again.
At seventeen, he’d been holding on to sanity by a thread.  He remembered wondering what his life would have been like had his parents still been alive.
The month before, he’d also discovered that his grandmother had been battling cancer quietly.  In fact, he’d found out about it by accident.  Discovering bottles of medicine she’d kept hidden in her bathroom had scared him senseless.
That’s why it hurt to fight with her.  He was quite aware that she was in pain and he hated to cause her more.  But, the truth was he wasn’t Kenny.  He’d never get a high from Algebra or statistics.  Clearly, they were at an impasse.
The door had opened then and Ryan stumbled out.  His eyes were unfocused and a silly smile played on his face that Robbie recognized immediately.
“You’re high,” Robbie said in disgust.  Ryan smiled at him blankly.  “Shit, Ryan.  Why can’t you stop that crap?”
“You should try it,” Ryan said.  “Have some fun, McClaire.  Relax, take a few shots.  Being that stressed out is not healthy.”
“Someone has to be level headed.”  Robbie sighed placing his beer on the ground.  He reached for Ryan’s arm and pulled back the sleeves of the shirt he wore.  Robbie remembered cursing at the sight of the needle marks.  “This shit will kill you.”
“Get off my case.”  Ryan pulled his arm back.  Moving away from Robbie, he stumbled to lean on the wall of the next building in the alley.  “This is all I have Robbie.  You’ve got your music, and the band—
“Of which you’re a part of,” Robbie pointed out in desperation.
“Not like you,” Ryan said.  “Kenny…well…he’s in the States doing whatever.  What am I left with?”
“Me,” Robbie said forcefully.  “There is a lot you have, Ryan.”
“Really,” Ryan said, head bent.  “This band was supposed to be a flitting thing.  Now, it’s a serious thing.  We’ve now become the guys.  I miss us, and the good old days of fun.”
“Life changes,” Robbie tried to explain.  “The rest of the band, they are friends Ryan.  Tevin, Mick and Ron are good friends.”
“They can’t stand me.”
“You’re being ridiculous,” Robbie said, hating to see Ryan this way.
At that moment he’d hated how easy it was to get the drugs, how available the money was.  The drugs had been an experiment in school, taken to discover what drugs were about.
Then, Ryan would take the drugs when his parents stressed him about school.  Now, he took them to solve any problem that arose, however small it was.
“Ryan, listen to me.  Everyone loves you.  I don’t understand why you don’t see that.  Maybe you should lay off the highs for a while.  Just try to be Ryan.”
“I’ll try for you, Robbie.”
“I need you, Ryan,” Robbie said.  Flicking brown hair that fell over Ryan’s face, he continued, “Kenny’s not here for me either.  You’re the one I’ve got.”
“I know.”  Ryan sighed.  “I know.”
The door opened behind them and Tevin popped his head out, “It’s time.”
“Right,” Robbie said in acknowledgement his green eyes holding Ryan’s blue gaze.  “Is it a deal, Ryan?”
“Of course,” Ryan agreed quietly.  “Let’s go rock the house.  Right, Tev?”
Tevin had smiled and said, “Right.”
Their luck had turned that night.
Christine Pendleton, then a talent scout for Red Records had discovered them and pitched her idea to Robbie.  The year after, Miranda McClaire died of lung cancer after giving him her blessing to do as he pleased.
Haden had taken the industry by storm, driven there by the band’s sizzling lyrics and drive.  Fans were drawn in by the lead singer’s husky electric voice and the accompanying lead guitar from Tevin.  The pressures mounted with success and two years after Haden launched its career, Ryan Jacques overdosed at a party in Amsterdam.
His death while tragic and devastating to Robbie who loved him like a brother had been met with guilty degrees of relief from the band members.
Mainly because it had been a constant battle to stay ahead of scandals and the drugs, Ryan had been the band’s weak spot and they had all known it.
Singing the final song of the set, Robbie understood that he’d probably never have been able to save Ryan.
Lord knew he’d done everything to help, including sending Ryan to rehabilitation.  Eight years later, he knew that the ache in his heart had to do with losing a friend instead of guilt like before.  Loving Zoe had made him realize that.
He’d met Zoe three years ago; he’d loved her for most of those three years.  He’d never belonged anywhere, but thanks to Zoe, he now did.  She was his home, and he liked to think the same applied to him for her.  He couldn’t wait for this tour to end.  He missed being with her.
The final note was played and he grinned at the audience as their screams filled the large stadium.
“We’re going to take a short break and we’ll be back for another great session.  You’re an amazing audience, Chicago!” he said amid roars of applause.
As he walked off the stage with his band mates for a few minutes of cool water and wardrobe change, he couldn’t help thinking that life was perfect.
It was finally just right he thought as Ron placed an arm on his shoulder.
“I just spotted the cutest redhead…” Ron said.

*****

“Mmm, that was good lasagna, Maria.” Zoe praised as she sipped her wine.  “I must tell Alain in Athens about you.  He’ll be extremely jealous.”
“This chef Alain, he must have a huge ego, cara mia,” Maria teased.  “I’ll come to square him when I get there for your wedding.”
“I’m sure you will, Maria.”  Zoe laughed watching as Maria cleaned up the plates and put them on a rack.
The woman was in her early forties and had been working for them for the past two years.  She was a generous lady and very caring.  Her work was meticulous and efficient.  She made sure everything in the extravagant penthouse was kept neat and clean.  An extremely impressive task considering Zoe’s bad habits of messy bedrooms and cluttered music rooms.
“Maria, you should have a day off.  Take your grand kids out for a night,” Zoe suggested.
“Ah, no signorina, you have just returned home after many days away,” Maria said with a gentle smile as she took off her apron.  “I’m sure those people didn’t take care of you like Master Robbie likes.  I can only try to rectify the situation.  Besides, too many days off make me lazy.”
Zoe smiled at the response.  “You’re just worried you’ll find the house a disaster when you return.”
“You know me so well.”  Maria laughed hanging the apron and grabbing her sweater from a closet in the corner.  “But, I’m serious.  I want to be here with you until you leave for Athens.  It will be good for you.”
Zoe sighed and slid off the high stool at the island table.  Moving around, she gave Maria a hug.  “I don’t know what I’d do without you.  You’re a special woman Maria.  God bless you.”
“He has.  Now get some rest.  You’re tired; I see your eyes drooping.  Master Robbie would be very cross if he saw how tired you look.”
“Master Robbie is not here.”  Zoe grumbled as she pulled away and picked up her wine glass again.  “Although you’re right, I need some sleep.  Say hello to your daughter for me, and the kids.  You must sleep in tomorrow, Maria.  I worry too about you.”
Maria chuckled as they walked out of the kitchen through a hallway to the lobby area where a staircase led up to the second floor.  Zoe picked her handbag and keys from the table she’d dumped them on.
Maria grabbed a neat stack of mail and gave it to her.
“Some is yours, others for Master Robbie.  I gave the bills to the accountant.”
“Grazie, Maria,” Zoe said.  “Good night, drive safely.”
“Yes, piccola, sleep well too,” Maria said leaving then.
Zoe locked the door and headed up the staircase.  She was in a strange cloud of contentment, now that she was home, this place that she and Robbie had created together.  It was strange how it always seemed so comforting regardless of wherever she’d come from.
It was safe and secure, she thought.
Walking by a room filled with guitars made in different styles and forms, she smiled.  That was Robbie’s room.  The open area to her left as she headed for the master bedroom at the end was a cozy sitting area they preferred.  It was more intimate unlike the perfection of the living area downstairs where they entertained.
Walking by another open door, she noted that Maria had indeed cleaned up the music room.  No scattered music sheets all over.  It would last until she got some sleep.
The master bedroom was a suite with a comfy living area that led into a sumptuous bedroom fitted with a king sized bed.  The room was furnished and decorated with oriental hues of red that gave it elegance.
Floor length windows opened to a balcony with a spectacular view.  Tonight they were covered with sheer curtains.  Beside them, a black gleaming baby grand stood proudly.  The plasma television mounted on the wall directly across the bed was off; underneath it was an impressive stereo system.  Zoe padded to it and turned on soft music as she prepared for bed.
Placing her handbag on the vanity table at the corner, she reached for the mail.  She was sipping her wine as she went through it.
Robbie’s were three that looked like letters from friends, hers were two.  One from a girl she kept in touch with in Rome, the other seemed unfamiliar.
Reaching for an envelope opener, she slipped it open and retrieved the folded paper inside.  Opening it, she picked up her wine, sipping it as she read the typed letter.
She wasn’t aware she’d dropped the glass of wine.  The deep burgundy of the carpet absorbed the red liquid of the wine.  The glass didn’t shatter, but rolled away quietly.  All this unnoticed.
Shock paralyzed Zoe making her unable to move or act.  Her eyes stared at the letter, her expression one of disbelief.  The cold shiver that passed through her found its way to her blood and solidly settled in her heart.  Fear grew and clutched at all her strength, dragging her down…
She could only gasp as it took over her life again.
‘It’s your fault!  You’ve caused this.  You’ve destroyed my family!’
The accusation was bitter and full of hate.  It made her feel so terrible she wished she’d died.  Shaking her head, she stared at the woman who was her aunt and tried to talk, but no words could come out.  What could she say?
“You should have died!” Julia Harden spat out in anger while her sister held on to her to stop her from going after the scared girl who stood a few feet away.
‘Stop it!’ Kenny ordered, leaning down to pick Zoe up.  ‘Stop this accusations can’t you see what it’s doing to her?’
‘I don’t give a damn.  She’s a home wrecker.  She deserves it.’ Julia said icily.  ‘You’ll never forget this.’
God! Just remembering it made her feel sick.  Those days should be behind her.  Locked away in a tough steel box she kept specifically for her nightmares.  Why were the memories returning?  Staring at the letter in her hand, she clutched her chest trying to ease the knot of panic there.
It couldn’t be!
It just couldn’t.
It didn’t make sense.
The letter fell to the ground as she dug her fingers into her hair trying to steady her stumbling thoughts.
Oh God!
Why would anyone let that monster out?  Who was that crazy?
She needed to think.
Pacing the room, she shook her head.
Why wasn’t she thinking?  She needed to make sense of this.
What to do?
Ordering herself to stop, she looked around the master bedroom, her gaze falling on a picture at her vanity table.  She was laughing into Robbie’s eyes, their happiness so apparent.
Slapping a hand to her mouth, she took off for the bathroom.  Nausea had always been the end result of her anxiety.  She’d learned to control it but right now, she couldn’t.  It just came tumbling out, leaving the hole inside her that a single letter had dug in to her defenses.  She found herself kneeling over the toilet seat letting out whatever she’d eaten for dinner.
When the nausea subsided, she closed the seat and flushed the toilet, then sat weakly on the floor.  What was she going to do?  Why was this happening now, just when she was learning to live life and love again?

Chapter Four

“Have you heard anything yet?” Julia Girgorio asked Sandra Carpenter.
She strolled from shelf to shelf at her book store in downtown Cleveland.  She pushed in books and arranged discount vouchers in their holders.  She really didn’t need to do this, but her restlessness had driven her to it.  She needed to know.
“I’m sorry Julia,” Sandra said with a sigh.  “We’re just going to have to wait a few more weeks.”
“You sent it express, Sandra.  They should have gotten it by now,” Julia worried.  “It could be too late.”
“Don’t fret.  Let’s just wait a while.” Sandra urged.  “She is a busy girl and maybe she hasn’t been home.  I’m sure they’ll contact me once they know.”
“Alright, I’m just nervous.  Sandra, I couldn’t stand it if Steve got out.  Promise me you’ll call me as soon as you hear from them.”
“I will,” Sandra said, “now stop worrying alright.”
A few minutes later, Julia hung up the phone and wondered how she was supposed not to worry.  Her children were an important part of this.  She didn’t relish the thought of sitting down to explain the reasons why their father wasn’t around.
Maybe in a couple of years, but not now, they were too young.  At fourteen, Terence and Sarah Girgorio were twins that kept her on the constant move.  Between soccer practice for Terence and science club for Sarah, she had her hands full.  Not to mention the Oasis Library which was a business that now boasted two branches in the surrounding cities of Willoughby and Mayfield.  
Sometimes she wished the day had more hours when things got hectic.  But she was happy with the life she’d built.  After the fiasco her marriage had left her in, she was quite glad with what she’d built out of the ashes.  That part of her life was closed as far as she was concerned, she did not need to reopen it again.
Replacing the phone on its cradle at the main counter, she smiled at the client who was being served by a cashier.  Making her way to the manager’s office, she glanced at her watch casually.
She’d spend an hour going through the accounts before heading out.  Sarah would be waiting for a ride from school at six o’clock.  The girl was the chairlady of the school science club.  Julia figured her daughter would end up discovering a cure for a deadly disease in the future.  Sarah was that smart.  Terence on the other hand was the athletic type.  He was good in sports and won many trophies in tournaments, but he was terrible when it came to studying.  She was forced to chase after him for any reports or homework he had.
They were good kids and she wanted only the best for them, which was why she worked this hard.  Harvard didn’t come cheap and wherever Terence ended up, she wanted to be able to help.  Now, all she needed was a certain dark haired musician to call and accept to testify.  This would allow for their lives to continue the right course.
****
Zoe hadn’t called Robbie.
How could she when she felt so miserable.
He didn’t know about her past and she couldn’t tell him.  God help her, but she couldn’t. She’d thought about calling Kenny.  That idea had disappeared the moment she remembered that he was having problems with his own life.  She wouldn’t want to add on to his troubles.
Now it was morning and her options were down to one.  Her cell phone rang and she stared at it, the blue light mocking her from the night stand.  Closing her eyes, she reached for it.
“Babe, are you alright?  I was worried when you didn’t call,” Robbie said.
He sounded so cheerful and energetic.
“I’m alright.”  Zoe forced life into her voice.  She was breaking just listening to him.  “I fell asleep.”
She lied.
“Oh that’s good.  It means you got some rest.  We’re on the way to New York.  The tour is almost over.  Will you be in London?”
“No, my love, I’ll be in Athens.”
“I’ll see about flying out there as soon as this is over. I can’t stand the separation.  I won’t let it be this long next time.”
“I’d love that.”  Zoe refused to examine the words next time.  Would he still want her if and when he discovered the truth about her?  Nausea reared its ugly head.  “I have to go.”
Robbie sighed, “I love you, pixie.  Sleep some more, alright?  You sound really tired.”
Tears welled in Zoe’s eyes at his words. 
“I love you,” she said.
Her voice broke a bit so she hung up and threw the phone on the bed next to the overnight bag she’d packed at four o’clock in the morning.

********

“You already have the two months, Zoe, why do you want to add more?” Chris asked. “Is everything alright?  Did something happen I should know about?”
“No, no,” Zoe said into the phone.  “I’m fine.  I just need the time.  It’s not too much.”
“Well, okay.  Kelly will be working on the November gala in London anyway.  As long as you promise to work on that too, take the time.”
“You’re the best,” Zoe told him, and said a mental thank you to the universe.  She rang off and shut her cell phone off.
Not daring to think about everyone else who’d want to know where she was, she stuck the phone into her bag.  Staring at the ticket booths ahead of her, she took in a deep breath and walked up to them.
“One way ticket to Athens please,” she said, her cap pulled over her head to hide her face.

****

Maria Delgado let herself into the penthouse and took in the pristine state of the living area and the foyer with a clinical eye.  There was dusting to be done and arranging if she knew her mistress well.  Miss Zoe was the type of souls that lived life so passionately and messily that she didn’t realize she was doing it.
In the years that she’d worked for both Master Robbie and Miss Zoe, she hadn’t felt them treat her like an employee.  In fact, Zoe relied on her like she would a mother while Robbie conspired with Maria to take care of Zoe.  It was a household full of love and understanding.
It was the best job she could have landed, Maria thought going into the kitchen.  Removing her coat, she put on her apron and set about making coffee.
It was eight o’clock.  She’d do some cleaning before going to check on the little miss.
At about eight forty-five, Kelly Jones came in her usual cloud of busy.  It gave Maria a headache just watching the tall slender woman.  Kelly didn’t seem like she’d ever relaxed in her entire life.
“Maria, good morning, I hope the lazy bone has woken up.  She’s very busy today.”
“Miss Kelly, I let her sleep.  She was tired last night.”  Maria was not shaken by the scowl Kelly directed at her.  “I’m sure the day can start a bit late.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Kelly said dumping her briefcase and laptop on the couch in the living room.  Removing her black cashmere coat, she sighed.  “I can’t wait for summer.  Please tell me there’s coffee.”
When Maria nodded Kelly moved to drop a kiss on her cheek.  “You’re a blessing Maria.  I hope you know that.  Get me a cup will you, and I’ll go wake her.”
Maria grinned at the busy girl and headed for the kitchen.
Kelly rushed up the stairs, headed straight for the master bedroom.  The fact that the door was opened seemed a bit odd, but it didn’t give her pause.  Zoe was an oddity unto herself.  Sweeping into the spacious suite, she stopped at the bedroom.  Her gaze riveted on the neat bed.
“Great joke.” Kelly shook her head.  “Castille come out now.  I’ve no time for this.”
There was no answer.  Shaking her head again, Kelly stuck a hand into her trouser pockets and strolled back out of the room.  Stopping at the door to the music room, a frown appeared when no sign of Zoe was found in here too.
Where the hell was she?
“Maria!” Kelly made her way back down.  “Maria?”
“I have your coffee, Miss Kelly.  Slow down.” Maria set the tray she was carrying on a table in the living room.  “What’s wrong?”
“She’s not in her room.  Where did she go?”
“Not in her room?” Maria asked in panic.  “But I thought she was sleeping.”
“Did you check?”
“I know she doesn’t wake up in the morning until I wake her.  It’s routine.  But where could she have gone?”
“Was the front door locked when you came in?” Kelly asked, hoping that may be Zoe had just gone out for a run or something, as highly unlikely as that was.
“Yes.  I unlocked it with my key.  Have you called her?” Maria asked, worry drifting into her eyes.
“Call her.”  Kelly reached for her cell phone on the coffee table.  “Let’s see, this girl will be the end of me.”  She continued as she hit speed dial.  “This is so typical of her.  Challenge me on the first day back in London.”
When the service told her the phone was shut off, she stared at Maria.  “Her phone is off.”
“What do we do?”  Maria asked, panic in her voice.  “She can’t be missing so easily.  Was she supposed to be going somewhere?”
“No.  I have her schedule.  I’m sure she’s fine,” Kelly said trying to hang on to reason.  “I’ll make some calls, while we wait.  This is probably a misunderstanding.  Have a seat Maria, have some of that coffee.”
Kelly got on the phone again, calling Kenny first.

*****

It had been a perfect night, Jessica thought blissfully as she watched her husband sleep.  She was glad he’d stopped her from continuing their fight.  Instead, they’d shared a lovely dinner at Marie’s.  They’d talked about everything leaving their relationship out of the conversation.  The ride back home had been full of jokes and laughter.
And then they’d made love.
Smiling, Jessica propped her head on her hand and gently pushed a lock of hair from her husband’s forehead.  He was so handsome even more so while he slept.  His facial features were devoid of any lines and expressions.  He was simply a man at rest.  She wished this moment could last forever.
The phone on his bedside table rang and he reached for it automatically, shuttering her wishes to the wind.  The world was already intruding into their fragile truce.  Kenny sleepily brought the phone to his ear and without opening his eyes, he answered the call.
“Williams,” he said.
“Is Zoe with you?” a sharp voice demanded making Jessica stiffen.
“No,” Kenny answered bolting upright.  He was wide awake now.  “Why?”
“She’s not home.  Her bed is made and there is no trace of her here.”
“Did she have to go someplace this morning?”  Kenny asked moving to sit on the side of the bed, rubbing his eyes as he tried to clear the cobwebs.
“No.  That’s what worries me.  Maria left her here last night.  This morning I went to wake her and nothing.  Look, I have to make some more inquiries, let me call you back.”
“Alright,” Kenny sighed.  “Have you tried her cell?”
“It’s shut off,” Kelly replied before she rang off.  
Kenny was left to stare at his phone in a bit of confusion.  Wiping a hand down his face, he bolted of the bed when a pillow hit him on the head.  “What the—
“Don’t even try to explain,” Jessica wailed.  “What am I to you Kenny?  You never explained that to me yesterday.  Why don’t you do it now?  After a night in our bed, one call about her and you don’t even look at me!”
“Damn it Jess.  Can you give me a moment to breathe?  I seem to remember asking you to trust me.  Is that a problem for you?”
“You make it damn hard when you talk on the phone with such concern for my little sister.”  Jessica snapped.  She pulled on her robe knotted the ends tightly.  “Maybe you should run along to her.”
“Jesus, Jess, I don’t have time for this,” Kenny said with a shrug.  Turning he went into the bathroom and slammed the door closed.
“That’s right, keep away!” Jessica sobbed out then hurled a little glass dish at the door.  “Bastard”

******
Villa Thermopolis
Athens, Greece

Villa Thermopolis was a beautiful exotic haven tucked into a hill surrounded with trees and shrubs.  Beautiful gardens and manicured lawns gave it a regal stately look.  For eight years now, she’d called this place home.  It always felt so right to return here.  Especially now, Zoe thought as she climbed the steps to the front door.
Lifting the heavy knocker, she knocked on the massive door and stood back waiting for the butler to open.  Adjusting the weight of her overnight bag, she watched as the door slowly opened to reveal a small boy of about six years almost swinging off the handle as he pulled the door open.
An involuntary smile came on his face and he stopped and stared at her.
“Zoe!” he said. “Zoe! Zoe!”
Laughing, she crouched down and allowed him to come running into her arms.
“Zan, hello sweetheart, are you still sweet as candy?” Zoe asked in Greek. 
“Absolutely,” Zan answered dropping kisses all over her face.  A habit that he’d acquired when his mother told him people kissed because they missed each other.  “I missed you.”
“How much,” Zoe asked and was rewarded more kisses on her cheeks and her lips, “that much!  I missed you too, cookie.”
Gathering him up, she noted that he was getting heavier as she stood up.  She walked into the foyer, closing the door with her foot behind her.  Dropping the carry on bag to the floor, she looked up to find her aunt Athena watching her from the top of the stairs. 
“I’m home,” Zoe smiled.
Athena came hurrying down the stairs.  “You should have called.  I’d have had someone pick you up.”
She hugged Zoe, Zan between them.
“Sandwich,” Zan exclaimed wrapping an arm around his mother’s neck.  “I’m in a sandwich.”
Both women laughed and after another shower of kisses on Zoe, Zan was put down.  He immediately rushed of to tell his nanny Zoe had come home.
Alone in the foyer, Athena studied Zoe for a moment, and then she tugged on Zoe’s black cap.
“What happened?”
Zoe shrugged, “Nothing.”
Pulling off the cap, Athena studied the worn face.  There were shadows under the dark eyes.  The girl looked as though she hadn’t slept.
“Lunch was over early, but I’m sure Alain will have something for you.”  Athena took Zoe’s arm and led her to the kitchen.  “I’m going to have a talk with your people.  They don’t pay attention.”
“It’s not their fault.”
“Hush,” Athena cut in quickly.  “Alain will feed you, then—, and then we can talk.”

****

In the kitchen Athena watched Alain Trichet start fussing over Zoe while she leaned on the cupboard counter, her heart beating in anxiety.  She wasn’t sure what it was but seeing Zoe standing in her foyer alone had shaken her.
Something was terribly wrong.  Zoe avoided public transportation like the plague.  Her anxiety levels were hard to control among so many people.  Her traveling was always done in private cars, jets and with a bodyguard named Tony Black.  Not seeing him with her bothered Athena all the more.
“If you’re good and eat your soup, I’ll get you madeleines from this morning,” Athena said moving to a cupboard a few feet away.  “I know how you miss Alain’s madeleines.”
“There is no one who can make them as well,” Zoe said.
Taking a bite of the cream of broccoli soup Zoe studied Athena.  Her aunt was worried.  
But she couldn’t ease Athena’s mind, not with the letter from Sandra Carpenter burning a hole in her pocket.  She didn’t want to tell anyone.
No, that wasn’t right; the truth was she didn’t think she could tell anyone.  She just wanted it all to disappear.
Upstairs in Zoe’s suite of rooms, Athena opened the balcony doors.
“I’ve had the staff stock the bathroom.  If you need anything you know what to do.”
The living area overlooked the back gardens of the villa.  It was large and furnished with comfortable couches and seats.  The bedroom had a king size bed dominating the middle and a vanity table that stood beside two mirrors that acted as doors to the walk-in closet.   Beside the balcony doors was a white baby grand piano, its surface covered with a dust cloth.
The fact that Zoe hadn’t walked over to uncover the piano and tinkle away was another worrying factor.
The girl was acting strange and very nervous, Athena decided.
Walking to the seat at the foot of the bed, Athena perched on it and asked, “What has happened?  I’m on pins and needles just imagining things.”
“Why would anything have happened?” Zoe asked, pacing to the vanity table.  She placed her handbag on it, and turned around to meet Athena’s probing green eyes.  “I just came home earlier.”
“Really,” Athena said, she knew Zoe well.  “You could have called.”
“I could have,” Zoe agreed.  “But I seem to have lost my phone.  You know how I am.” The last was said with a quiver.
“Always losing things,” Zoe murmured.
“Talk to me darling,” Athena said.  “You were alright when we left you in Prague.  What’s happened between now and then?  Come on, pixie.”
That nickname did it.  She missed Robbie so much.  She wanted to talk to him, hear him say ‘it’s gonna be alright’.  It was usually just right.
But—, she couldn’t call him, could she?  Not now, not ever.  The lash of pain through her heart made her gasp.
“Oh,” She couldn’t help the sound.  Athena rushed to her, pulling her into a tight hug.
Zoe buried her face in Athena’s shoulder.  “I’ve made a mess of things again.”
Tears came soon after.  Everything she’d held back all night trying to come up with a solution came out.  The anger at what would inevitably happen in seven months since she couldn’t go back there.  She couldn’t face that monster.  Just thinking about him paralyzed her.  If she saw him—, God, if she was in the same room with him—
Athena could only hold on tight as Zoe trembled hard in her arms.  The slender body felt like it would break in half from the hard sobs.  They were heart wrenching and sad it was as though tragedy had befallen.
Pushing Zoe’s hair away from her face, Athena soothed.  “Hush, love. Come let’s go sit on the bed.  Hmm, everything is going to be okay.  We’ll get through it.”
Whatever ‘it’ was, Athena thought.
Holding Zoe as she cried, Athena was aware that she’d do anything to help her.  Whatever Zoe needed, she’d get it.
Breathing in deep, Zoe tried to stem the tears, hoping to gain back her control.  But control was one thing she was going to lose.  She would have to fight her fears to breathe at all.
“Aunt Athena,” her voice trembled with emotion, “you promised me that—, if things got bad, you’d let me come back home once.  Is-Is it okay if I did that now?”
“Why won’t you tell me what has happened,” Athena asked.  “I can help.”
“This is how to help.  Let me stay here for a while.” 
“Is it Robbie?”
“No,” Zoe said quickly, shaking her head, her blood turning cold at his name.  Her heart clenched in pain.  One thing at a time, she told herself.  “Can I stay?”
“You never have to ask, my love,” Athena soothed.  “This is your home.”
After another moment of silence, Athena said, “You’re hiding again.”
Zoe didn’t reply.
There was no need.  Athena already knew the answer.  She held Zoe until she slept.  Then making sure Zoe was settled, Athena left the room and went to call Thaddeus.  He’d know what to do.
This would be handled.  She had a wedding to plan.

*****
Chapter Five

“Call my phone, Tevin,” Robbie demanded.  “Stop glaring at me and just do it.”
“Dude, I just called it an hour ago.  I’m sure it’s still working.”  Tevin was chewing on a piece of roast beef.  
They were in the dining room at the Waldorf in New York, where they had a penthouse for the week.  Ron and Mick had decided to go out and party.  Tevin suspected they were escaping Robbie’s foul temper.  The guy was like a caged tiger.  He was pacing from one side of the room to the other.
“She always calls at least thrice a day.  She’s at home; I don’t understand what the problem is,” Robbie worried.
“You do realize we’re discussing Zoe.  She’s a wild card.  Maybe she’s lost her phone.  They are like pencils to her,” Tevin pointed out.
“She’s been careful,” Robbie said, thinking that her care had come from missing him.
He needed to hear her voice, know that she was fine.  He believed it was the same for her when it came to him.
“She can use Kelly’s phone.  Which I should do, maybe they are together.”
“Do that,” Tevin said getting up.
He needed a beer.  At this rate it didn’t seem like he’d be escaping this tonight.  Robbie needed someone to be with him or he was going to lose it.
Kelly answered on the first ring.  “Jones,” she said. 
“Where is she?”
“Robbie,” Kelly said.  “I was wondering when you’d call.  It took you longer than I thought.”
“What’s wrong?”  Robbie asked in a panic.  He stopped pacing and gripped the cell phone harder.  It was an unwritten rule when they were on the road.  If something terrible happened, no one said anything until the situation was either fixed or worse.  “Is she sick?”
“No,” Kelly said quickly.  “She’s fine.  There is nothing wrong with Zoe, she’s just left London.  I can’t exactly tell you where she’s gone to, but Chris assured me they talked this morning.  It’s been a very long day, and I’m still looking for her, I will call you as soon as I find her.”
“What happened to make her leave?” Robbie demanded.  “Did Chris force her to do something she didn’t want to?  I’ll have his head, you tell him that.  She’s stressed enough as it is.”
“Robbie, don’t lose it on me,” Kelly said with a sigh.  “I’m not equipped to handle your shit too right now.  You can imagine the mess I’m handling, there are so many things to cancel and deal with.  I’ve gotta go, but I promise I will call when I find her.”
“Can you not forget that you’ve said that?  I’m going stir crazy right now,” Robbie said quietly.
“She’s fine.  I’ll call,” Kelly said and rang off.
“What’s up?”  Tevin asked returning back sipping at a beer.  He stopped mid motion when he saw Robbie’s expression. “What’s happened?”
Robbie looked up and the panic in his eyes scared Tevin.  The only other time he’d seen that look was the night Ryan Jacques died.
“She’s missing, Tev.  What do I do?”

******

“Kelly says she’s fine; there is no doubt she is.  Stop worrying,” Tevin said his tone full of assurance.  “I’m sure she’s probably gone to visit someone.  You know how she is.  Remember that time in Rome; she disappeared from Kelly to go see that young girl who was sick.”
“But—
Robbie started and stopped.  He couldn’t think clearly.
“Give them time.  They’ll find her.  In the end, it’s usually something to laugh about,” Tevin said doing his best to convince Robbie.
Robbie drove fingers into his hair and closed his eyes.  It wasn’t easy to do that.  He felt like jumping on the next flight out and going in search of Zoe, being so far from her and the situation made him feel helpless.  
“She should stop doing this,” Robbie said in anger.  “I’m going to give her an earful after this.  It’s difficult to do this when am so far.  I’m losing my mind just imagining the things that could happen to her.”
“You taught her to be that way.  I seem to recall a Ferris wheel in the past.  Give her a break.” Tevin teased gently, squeezing Robbie’s shoulder, he said, “Relax.  It will be okay.”
“Hey, let’s get some Italian food,” Tevin said then, glancing at the cold plate on the table.  “You must be hungry, come on, Robbie.  We can visit that hot new restaurant in Manhattan.  It will be better than waiting around.”
Robbie sighed and decided he might as well. Sitting here was worse than anything else.  It would be better if he kept busy.
“Yeah sure,” Robbie said, but he made sure he carried his cell phone with him.

***

“This is ridiculous.” Robbie sighed a week later.
Staring out the window in the private Lear jet, he wondered what was happening with Zoe.
He’d spent the entire week on pins and needles.  Zoe’s phone was assumed lost since no one could get a hold of her.  Kenny had kept in touch with him, giving him reassurances Robbie sensed were tailored to assure both of them.  He wanted to scream bloody murder with frustration.  What annoyed him even more was that he hadn’t been able to leave the tour and go in search of Zoe.  His responsibilities to the band came first.
“Do you know that Gloria had as scheduled for a grueling Europe tour two weeks from now?” Mick said then. “She’s out of her mind if she thinks we’ll miss the wedding.  Why does she do things like that?”
“She forgot there was a wedding,” Tevin said.  “Imagine what Zoe would say to that, those two don’t exactly see eye to eye on things.”
“It would be world war three,” Mick laughed.  “Hey Robbie; you are starting to look like the world is ending.  Cheer up a bit.”
“I don’t get how a woman can disappear a week from her wedding,” Robbie said then. “May be she’s getting second thoughts.”
“Now you’re over thinking things,” Ron said with a laugh.  “Zoe loves you so much, it’s disgusting.  I don’t ever doubt that.  It’s very difficult to be around you two.”
“Is Gloria coming to the wedding?”  Mick mused, “Coz that will be a sight to see.  I can’t wait.  She’s usually so uptight.”
“She will, just because it’s an occasion she didn’t plan.”  Tevin laughed.  “Look Robbie, I keep telling you to stop panicking.  I’m sure there is a perfectly good explanation for all of this alright.  Zoe is our girl.  You know she’s always got your back.  So, let’s think about the studio for now.  The songs we’ve written on tour have a good sound.”

*****

“I have heard from her, but I can’t tell you where she is, Kenny,” Thaddeus said.  He was seated behind his desk in his office.  Holding his wife’s gaze he continued.  “You know how that goes right.”
“This is strange.”  Kenny puzzled.  “Why didn’t she call me if something was wrong?  She always calls.  She hasn’t said anything to me.  I’m worried.”
“Kenny, she is about to be a bride.  They get wedding jitters, maybe that’s it,” Thaddeus said twirling a pen, in truth he was hoping that was the problem.
Although he doubted it, Zoe was not the type to rethink a decision like marriage.  No, she seemed upset about something bigger than that.
He didn’t like it.
“Look, I’m at the airport getting Robbie.  I’ll bring him up to speed, but tell her this isn’t right.  Robbie is losing his mind with worry.  She can at least call him.  He is her fiancé.”
“Sure.” Thaddeus promised.  “Kenny, stop worrying.”
“I’ll try,” Kenny said and rang off.
Replacing the handset on the desk, Thaddeus cursed under his breath and looked at Athena.
“She’s not making this easy.  She could have called Kenny.  Why hasn’t she done it?”
“I told you to make her talk,” Athena said with a shake of her head.  Standing up, she paced the length of his large glass desk.  Her peach sundress moving with her, the soft material of her skirt whispering sexily.  Her long strawberry blond hair fell down her back richly.
She was beautiful, Thaddeus thought.
“It will come out,” he said, “eventually.  Let’s not push her.  The girl is no longer sixteen.  She’s a woman.  Besides, the fear I saw in her eyes makes me want to keep her for good.  I was sure that fear had disappeared.”
“But to leave Robbie hanging like this,” Athena shook her head.  “That’s not right. Their wedding is in a week.  She’s not being practical.”
“McClaire can handle it.”  Thaddeus declared, getting up from his seat.  Moving around his desk, he came to intercept her by wrapping an arm around her waist.  “Stop worrying, you’re like Kenny.  Enjoy it for a while; we have both our children back in the house.  Let it be.”
“Are you sure?” Athena asked clinging to him, and the strength he seemed to always have.  “I can’t help the worry, you know.  Zoe can be so fragile.”
“I’m sure it will pass, my love,” Thaddeus said, pressing a kiss on top of her head.  “Now, what do you say, you show me that new shipment of instruments you said has arrived.”
“I suspect you want to run off with the acquisition officer coz you think she’s gorgeous,” Athena teased leaning back to look into his eyes.
“She’s very sexy and her smile,” he touched his heart, “she can stop wars.  I’ll have to introduce her to you soon.”
“You rogue,” Athena laughed, pulling away to pick up her purse.  “Let’s go.”
“Oh lets,” Thaddeus said, opening his office door for her.

******

Kenny stood by the limousine at the Heathrow airport and watched as the Red Records private Learjet taxed in.  He wasn’t looking forward to talking to Robbie.  He’d spent the entire week trying to get Zoe to call him.  He’d even gone to their penthouse and searched for clues, but all he’d found was that Zoe had packed clothes to last her weeks.  Zoe had left to disappear for a while.
It was a disturbing fact.
Before she’d met Robbie, she’d pulled constant disappearing acts.  He’d hated it because it worried him when she went off to places unknown.  It had also meant she was getting away from her life and the problems it had.
But in the three years she’d spent with Robbie, there had been no disappearances.
What was worrying her so much, he wondered, maybe the wedding.
Marriage was a big step.  Given Zoe’s past, she would have to be panicking a bit.  Maybe she was preparing to tell Robbie about her past.  In which case, the worry niggling at him was for nothing.  He’d known Robbie since childhood, the guy would understand.
Zoe had nothing to fear.
He wished he could tell Robbie about her past, but Zoe had made him promise never to tell.  Even Jessica didn’t know much.
God, he wished he knew why Zoe was hiding.  If only to make things easier, even after all these years, the past still haunted him.  And he couldn’t help worrying about what Zoe would do if things got too much to handle.
A frown creased his forehead at that thought, it didn’t make sense for Thaddeus to sound so calm and collected if Zoe was in a bad place.  Not that Thaddeus would ever tell him anything if he’d sworn it to Zoe.  The man was so protective of Zoe.  
Ron and Mick came out first, grinning at him when they saw him.
“What’s up mate?” they both said coming down the steps to hug him.  Their boisterous nature was infectious and Kenny found himself grinning.
“What brings you to the airport, Mr. Williams?  No more buildings to build?” Mick asked crossing his arms against his chest.
Mick looked like a bloody pirate, Kenny mused taking in the rakish brown hair that seemed to be standing on edge.  There were rings on his lip, eyebrow, his ears were lined with them.  Dressed in a black t-shirt with a peace sign on the front and black jeans with a chain hanging on his left hip, converse sketchers on his feet, Mick was every bit the skater boy.
“It would be a tragedy if there were no more buildings to build.  Rest assured I’m here for different reasons.”
Ron laughed.  “I see your wife is keeping you clean cut.  You look like you should be in the bloody House of Lords, such aristocratic attire, my lord.”
Kenny grinned harder at the teasing.  These two could spend the entire day picking at him.  Turning his attention to Ron, he met laughing brown eyes.  Ron had dirty blond hair which was held back in a pony tail.  His smooth face and handsome smile made him look like the artsy type.  His easy going personality made him the clear headed one in the band.
“You’ll find Ron that women can hardly resist me when I look this way.”
“Ah yes,” Ron nodded. “I’m sure the ice queen melts when you get close.  How is the uppity Mrs. Williams?”
In a tiff, Kenny thought, the cold war had set in the town house. “In need of charm, my friend, would you like to come along?”
Ron shivered.  “Lord no.  Your wife is too much for me.”
Mick chuckled and Kenny flushed them a smile, his gaze moving to the steps where Tevin and Robbie were.  As he met green determined eyes, his mood sobered and he remembered why he was here.
His best friend was going to need a lot of support, Kenny thought.
Robbie McClaire was Haden’s poster boy.  His presence lay in his large personality and those looks.  When they’d been young, girls had often teased McClaire for his disturbingly beautiful face.  Now, years later, those girls chased after him for that same face, made more potent by time.   It sold billion copies of music per year.
“Where is she?”  Robbie demanded when they were standing abreast of each other.  “Don’t sugar-coat it.”
“With Thaddeus, in a place I don’t know,” Kenny answered.  He’d not intended to lie.  It was best this way.  It would be difficult enough as time moved on.  Something told him the much anticipated wedding was going to be cancelled.
“What are they thinking?” Robbie scoffed.  “What is she thinking?”
“She packed a bag,” Kenny said. “She even left her bodyguard, and took public transport.  I can’t read this one.”
“What is Thaddeus saying?” Tevin demanded, making Kenny’s gaze move to him.
Tevin Whittaker was a fair version of Robbie.  Haden fans called them the dynamic duo. Where Robbie was dark and dangerous, Tevin was blond and enigmatic.  He had blue eyes that could be as cold as ice and a temper that simmered quietly.  The best thing about Tevin was that he regulated Robbie’s hard approach to things.  Kenny was thankful of that because Robbie would be pretty explosive right now, instead of this contained picture of calm.
“He says its wedding jitters,” Kenny answered with a shrug.  “He’s not worried.”
“What do I need to do to get the right reaction out of him?” Robbie cursed under his breath.  “I know him; he’s never really liked me.  He can be so difficult.”
“How did she sound when you talked last?” Kenny asked with a frown.
“Fine,” Robbie said on a sigh, and then he frowned.  “No, she sounded off.  I told her to get some rest coz she sounded tired.  And before she rang off, I thought I heard her cry.”
Kenny closed his eyes in worry.  Breathing out his frustration, he said, “Look, why don’t I drop you home.  We can figure this out together.”
“Yes, please.”  Robbie agreed turning to his band mates.  “I’ll call you guys.  We should be in Greece Friday, you know for the wedding rehearsal and all.”
“Sure,” Ron said squeezing Robbie’s shoulder.  “Get some rest also, we can meet up later for a drink, right?”
Robbie nodded.
“I’ll be around if you need anything,” Mick said giving him a hug.
“Yeah,” Tevin said. “Call me when you find her.”

*****

“I’ve been away too long.  She’s been lonely, maybe that’s it,” Robbie said when they were in the back of the limousine.  “It can seem like a dream, you know when we’re so far apart.”
The comment made Kenny look at Robbie in a different light.  It was easy to say one understood Zoe from listening to her music and hearing her talk about it with such passion it felt like you knew everything about her.  But that part of her was just the surface.  It was armor.
Inside the armor, Zoe was vulnerable and easily hurt.  She’d been lonely before Robbie.  Robbie had healed that to some extent.  Kenny was glad to know that Robbie understood that.
They rode the elevator in silence each of them occupied with thoughts about Zoe.  The doors opened on the tenth floor and Robbie led the way to the white double doors.
There was no music, Robbie thought as he opened the door.
Whenever Zoe was home, the place was filled with a maze of activity, music playing in the background.  Standing in the foyer, he stared in surprise at the pristine sight of the penthouse, never had he seen the place so perfect.
In the living room, which was visible from the foyer, the couches were bereft of throw blankets and music sheets strewn on the coffee table with pencils.  Coffee mugs would usually be found on unusual spots like the shelf next to the large windows, or the one by the fireplace.  It was a habit he’d tried to break but Zoe was impossible to change.  She did it absent mindedly and when she couldn’t find the mug, she simply got another.
“Why would she do this?” Robbie wondered out loud, his gaze fixed on the grand piano that stood next to the large windows.
Maria appeared then.  She looked mournful, and came to hug him tight.
“Oh, Master Robbie, I’m so glad you’re home.  I’ve been worried for the little miss.”
“Hello Maria.” Robbie soothed, rubbing her back.  “Don’t worry, she’s alright.”
“I should have stayed with her.  Maybe it would have been different,” Maria said, pulling back, tears welled in her eyes. 
“Maria it will be alright,” Robbie said gently, he loved the older woman.  She was like a mother to them.  “You know pixie.  She’s nuts.  She’ll be back soon.”
“Yes,” Kenny seconded also moving to squeeze Maria’s shoulder.  “We’ll find her.”
“Alright, but keep me informed.” Maria insisted, wiping her eyes with her apron.
“Yes, of course.” Robbie agreed watching her go off to the kitchen.  Turning to Kenny he said, “Let’s go to my study.”
The study room was tucked in the first floor of the pent house.  It was decorated in warm masculine browns, the furniture was leather and the desk rose wood.  Robbie liked to sit in here when he had to deal with accountants and estate managers.
Right now, he needed to figure out why Zoe would disappear on him.  Ushering Kenny in, he closed the door.
“Be straight with me, Kenny,” Robbie said moving to the bar area to pour them drinks.  “Is there something about Zoe I should know?”
The question made Kenny pause in the middle of the room. Letting out a sigh, he said, “Why are you asking?”
“I feel like I’m missing something.  She was alright one minute, and then now she’s gone.  I remember you bitching about her disappearances before.  Why is it back?”
“I’d like to know myself,” Kenny said accepting a glass of scotch from Robbie before he took his seat.  “She’s probably just nervous about the wedding, Robbie.”
“Why?” Robbie wondered, placing his drink on the desk untouched.  “She knows how much I love her.”
“Marriage is a complete entity separate from love,” Kenny answered.  “Believe me, I know.”
“Your problems with your wife hardly apply to us,” Robbie stated with a shake of his head.  “What is Aunt Athena saying?”
“She’s not worried,” Kenny said.  “She’s going on with the wedding arrangements.  I hardly think that’s cause for alarm.”
Robbie nodded and sat.
Kenny hated that he was deceiving his best friend about Zoe’s past.  He had a feeling she was probably panicking about that.  That would be the only reason why Thaddeus would keep her in Athens, which meant what was going on was very serious.
“Kenny, why is there such a rift between Zoe and her mum?” Robbie asked suddenly.
“That should come from Zoe not me,” Kenny said. “I told you when you two started dating that I won’t interfere.  If I told you that story, I would be interfering.”
“Damn it, Kenny, make an exception.  The last thing she said was that she would try talking to Jessica.  I can’t stand the animosity they have between her, Jessica and their mother.  Zoe’s usually in terrible shape after talking to her sister.  Aren’t you tired of it?”
“Don’t think I’m not.” Kenny snapped with a raised brow.  “Stop trying to pick a fight with me.”
“I can’t help it,” Robbie said. “I’m worried.”
Actually, Robbie admitted to himself, he was afraid.  A fear that he’d never experienced before.  One that stemmed from the fact that he loved Zoe so much; it would kill him to lose her.  He’d given her everything he had.  His heart was with her.

****
Chapter Six

The sun was shining bright outside but one could have never guessed.  Heavy curtains cast the room in darkness, making it seem like a sick room.  But none of that seemed to bother its lone occupant.
Lying on the rumpled king size bed, in old pajamas, Zoe simply stared at the ceiling, her thoughts centered on Robbie and what she was going to do about him.
He was in London now, she thought.  He’d be angry about her not calling, or answering her phone.  She missed him so much.  It hurt to know that despite the love she had for him, she would never be able to be with him.
She couldn’t have him, not if she was to protect him from her past.
Rolling on to her side, her thoughts lingered on the letter that was now hidden in the back of her closet.  Its mere existence induced fear that paralyzed her.  She knew that that man shouldn’t be let out.  But, someone else would have to do the fighting because she wasn’t strong enough.
It couldn’t be her.
She couldn’t face him.
She couldn’t face Steve Harden.
She knew that as sure as she was that she’d take the next breath.
How could she stand in the same room with him?  Nausea rose and she sat up to control it.  Gripping her stomach as though that would still the rambling inside, she stared at the cell phone on her bedside table.
She was going to call Robbie.  Or maybe it would be better to do it face to face.  She hated that it was necessary, but he wouldn’t give up unless she figured out a way to break his heart.  Truly and deeply break his trust in her to the point that he wouldn’t want to be with her.
Zoe rubbed her eyes.  Good God, there was only one way to do that.  She reached for her cell phone and turned it on.
Punching in a number from memory, she waited while it rang.
“Pronto.”
“Franco, it’s me,” she said in Italian.
“Signorina, come esta bella,” Franco said in excitement. 
“I’m fine, Franco.  I need a favor.”
“I know you very well,” Franco said in heavily accented English.
Zoe couldn’t help but agree with his words.  She’d spent a lot of her time with Franco when she’d been living in Greece.  The man was a rock.
“Are you in trouble?” he asked.
Zoe hesitated.  “You could say that.  Will you help me?”
“You never have to ask that,” Franco chided.  “I assume you are keeping it from Signore Thaddeus?”
“For now,” Zoe said with a sigh.  “I’ll meet you at the Heathrow airport.”
“Very well, it’s good to hear from you, mi bella,” Franco said and rang up.
Switching the phone off, Zoe stared at it for only a moment, and then got off the bed and into the bathroom before she lost the nerve to do this.

****

“Where is Zoella?” Athena asked Alain when she returned from the office two hours later.  It was three o’clock in the afternoon and she’d been hoping to spend some time with Zoe.  There was so much that still needed planning for the wedding.
“She left in a hurry,” Alain said.  “She had that look in her eyes.”
“What look?” Athena frowned.  “Alain, be specific, I worry about that child these days.  Where did she say she was going?”
“She said, ‘I’ll be back’,” Alain said, “with that look in her eyes.”
“What look?”
“She’s going to do cause trouble,” Alain said with a shake of his head, “something stupid.”
“Stop predicting doom.” Athena sighed, reaching for a carrot.  Alain was peeling them furiously and laying them out on a chopping board.  He threatened to hit her fingers at the action.
“I think we’ll wait about a bit.  Maybe she went shopping,” Athena said thoughtfully. “Crazy girl.”
“I don’t know,” Alain said, “that girl has something up her sleeve.”

****

“What are you up to?” Franco Antonio asked as he ushered Zoe into a limousine in London.
Dressed in a long jersey and baggy black jeans, Franco could have easily been mistaken for a hip-hop rapper.  His neck spotted a gold chain and his head a black cap with the signature New York sign.  He also weighed a serious two hundred and fifty pounds all muscle.  His protective instincts always reared whenever he was with Zoe Castille.  The woman was just so fragile looking.
“I’m breaking a man’s heart,” Zoe answered as she sank into the limousine seat.
“The rock star,” Franco stated.  “Why?  You seem happy.”
“Don’t ask me why,” Zoe said her eyes hidden behind dark glasses.  “I can’t explain it.”
“You know,” Franco said watching as the car sped through traffic.  “I’ve always wanted to see you very happy.  Bella, you deserve so much happiness.  Now, I ask myself, why the long face?”
“I want you to play a role,” Zoe said without answering his question.  “Make it as real as possible.  He has to believe it.  You might get into a fist fight about it.”
“I can take it,” Franco said.  “It will be a pleasure to meet this rock star of yours.  He has my respect for winning your heart.”
“Yeah,” Zoe said, “tell me how you feel when you see the headlines tomorrow.”
Franco sighed.  “You called paparazzi.  This must be serious.  Are you trying to destroy the both of you?  Your wedding is so close.”
“It has to be this way,” Zoe said quietly.
Franco nodded at that and fell silent.  The one thing he knew about Zoe was that she didn’t do things without a reason.  Whatever the cause there would be no one who would be able to stop her.
He’d first met Zoe when she’d been sixteen.  She’d been painfully shy and drawn into herself.  She’d been unable to stand even a simple touch from another person.  Thaddeus Castille had hired him to make sure she was safe at all times.  They’d been staying at the family island in Greece.  An exotic beautiful place called Aledeus.  Franco’s job description had forced him to live in the impressive sprawling mansion that had stood on the island for an astounding one hundred years now.
It had been an amazing experience.  He’d learned a lot about life and what it could mean when it was threatened so brutally.
Seated beside Franco, Zoe could feel her heart hammering wildly in her chest.  What she was about to do was unimaginable.  She couldn’t believe she was doing it.
The limousine pulled up at the entrance to her building and she froze.  Panicking for a moment, she could barely breathe at the thought of walking in there.
“Zoe,” Franco prompted when the driver opened the door.
“Yes.  Let’s go,” she said.  Swallowing hard, she composed herself and nodded to Franco.  “I’m ready.”
Franco studied her face for a moment before he decided to get out.  A flood of camera flashes started, quickly turning into frenzy when Zoe emerged from the car.  She’d made the anonymous calls to the most popular magazines and tabloids.  As the driver closed the doors behind them, she slid a hand around Franco allowing him to pull her closer.
It was an obvious statement.  One the media was ready and eager to document and did so splendidly.  The pictures were uploaded instantly.  This was hot news.
Once they were inside the lobby, Zoe took in a deep breath and punched in the key to send the elevator to the tenth floor.  When the doors closed, she leaned on the elevator wall and tried to gather courage.
“Are you sure about this?”  Franco asked worried by the effect it was having on her.
She nodded her answer and almost panicked when the elevator doors opened.  Straightening up, she braced herself for the coming storm.  Franco could only follow as she walked with determination toward the white double doors.  Opening them, she stalked in battle ready.

****

Robbie was just about to start packing a bag when he heard the sound of the door banging closed.  Pausing in the act of pulling his suitcase out from the closet, he wondered if Kenny was early.  He’d said four o’clock.
Dropping the suitcase on the bed, he started out of the bedroom and met with Zoe in the living area of their master bedroom.
“Where the hell have you been?”  He roared in relief and exasperation.
“Hey McClaire,” she said walking by him negligently; a whiff of gardenias flooded his nostrils as she passed.  “Miss me?”
“I’ve been worried sick.  Why are you not answering your phone?”
“Lost it,” Zoe said stopping by their bed.  Her gaze falling on the suitcase on the bed, she asked. “Going somewhere?”
“I was.  I was going to Greece to find you,” Robbie said his hands on his hips.  Something about her was not right.  She was obviously on edge, the sunglasses were also unusual. “You still haven’t answered my question.”
“Which one, I thought I just answered it,” Zoe said, walking to the closet.
“Where have you been, Zoe?”  Robbie asked again.  Green eyes glittered with emotion as she started to rummage in the closet.  “What’s going on?”
“I’m packing,” Zoe said.  “I’m leaving, Robbie.”
“Leaving?”
“Yes.  Leaving you,” Zoe said firmly.  “I’m not marrying you.”
The words sounded so loud in his head he could barely think.
“What did you say?” he asked, not sure he’d heard her right.
“I said we’re not getting married,” she said again, moving around the closet.
She seemed so calm it enraged him.
“Do you want to tell me how you’ve come to this decision?”
“It’s been two months since I saw you, Robbie,” Zoe said trying to hold on to her tears as she did so.  She was going through this even if it killed her.  “A lot of things have changed.”
“Are you telling me you don’t love me anymore?”
“Yes,” Zoe said grabbing a bunch of dresses and stuffing them into a bag.  “I want you to let me go.  You deserve better, than this.”
“Damn it, Zoe,” Robbie yelled.
On cue, Franco appeared at the bedroom door.  Arms folded against his chest, he asked, “Problems, mi Cara?”
“Did he just call you darling?” Robbie demanded, turning to stare at the Italian man standing at the door, “who the fuck is this?”
“Her boyfriend,” Franco answered with pride.  “She told me that you might be trouble.”
“Are you stepping out on me Zoe?  This whole time you’ve been seeing someone else?”  Robbie asked in quiet anger, the possibility of this being true was suffocating him.
Fisting his fingers, he went for the smug bastard standing by the door.
“Robbie,” Zoe gasped in disbelief as Robbie punched Franco in the face.  “Stop it.”
“Stop,” Robbie scoffed.  “If you think I’m going to watch you walk away with this bastard, you’ve got another thing coming.  I want explanations.  How long has it been?  How could you cheat on me, Zoe?  I was worried sick thinking that something else was going on, but this?”
“I love him.  Don’t fight Robbie, please.” Zoe begged abandoning her clothes to rush to them.  “Stop fighting.”
“Are you protecting him from me?” Robbie demanded when Zoe clung to his arms trying to pull him away from Franco.  Franco held on to Robbie’s t-shirt as they struggled.  “I’ll kill him, Zoe.”
“Please let me go, Robbie,” Zoe said, her hands reaching for his fists, trying to undo his grasp on Franco’s shirt.  “Don’t do this; you’re only making it harder.  Let me go, you deserve better than this.”
“Jesus,” Robbie cursed, teeth gritted as he pushed Franco against the wall.  Stormy green eyes moving to look at Zoe and the concern he read there shattered him.  It was concern for this man.  How could she do this?
Zoe seeing the pain in his eyes turned away and pretended to make sure that Franco was fine by straightening his shirt.  The action made Robbie curse in disgust and step away from them.  Running a hand through his hair, he shook his head.
Zoe closed her eyes and removed the engagement ring he’d given her.  Hiding the pain removing it caused her, she stretched out her hand.
“I came to give this back and pick my stuff.  But I’ll have Kelly get the clothes for me,” she said quietly.  “I think that would be best.”
Robbie stared at the ring glittering on her palm, a palm he’d pressed kisses into countless times, and he sneered.  Love turning to hate, he slapped her hand away making the ring fall to the ground.
Zoe winced at the action, but she didn’t protest.  Franco moved then, he wrapped his arms around her shoulders.
“Let’s go, bella,” Franco said.  “I think you’re done here.”
“Yes, I think you are,” Robbie said icily, “Leave Zoella, I never want to see you again.”
Zoe stared at him then because this is what she’d wanted, she nodded and allowed Franco to lead her out of the bedroom.  They made their way down the hallway, her gaze sliding over a life they’d shared and been so happy.
“You’re almost done.” Franco urged as they walked down the stairs.
They met Maria at the bottom.  Her eyes were glazed with tears as she shook her head at Zoe.
“How could you?” Maria asked her voice full of disappointment.
Zoe breathed in.  “Look after him, Maria.”
That was the best she could manage.  Once they were out of the penthouse, Zoe managed to reach the elevator before she broke down.  The tears came in a flood that made Franco pull her fast into his arms.  Supporting her as her knees gave out.
In the lobby, Franco took charge and carried her out using the service doors.  Once they were in the limousine, Franco stared at her.
“Was that necessary?”
“Yes,” Zoe said wiping tears away with the back of her hand.  “I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“I know,” Franco said with a tired smile.  “I’ll take you to Athens.”

****

At the penthouse, Robbie overturned everything in the bedroom they’d shared.  Breaking pictures and all the delicate vase flowers she’d chosen.  Maria could only watch helplessly as he tore the room apart.
Sobbing she rushed back downstairs and reached for the phone.  Dialing Kenny’s number, she waited.
“Williams.”
“Master Kenny, you’d better come quickly.”
“What’s wrong, Maria?”
“It’s Miss Zoe.  She’s just been here.  She broke up with Master Robbie.”

****
“What have you done?”  Athena demanded when Zoe walked into the house at eight that evening.  “It’s all over the news, what’s going on?”
“I’m tired,” Zoe said quietly, dropping her car keys on the table in the foyer.
“Oh no,” Athena shook her head.  “I want to spank you senseless right now.  How could you do this to him?  Are you out of your mind?”
“These things happen.  I’m sorry, but there is not going to be a wedding,” Zoe said her voice flat.
She was all out of emotion because she’d spent the entire flight back crying over how cold Robbie had gotten.  The way he’d looked at her with so much disgust.  She closed her eyes to shake off the memory.
“I know all those stories the media is circulating are lies.  You’ve fabricated them.  I want to know what would make you throw away the best thing that’s ever happened to you.”
“Nothing,” Zoe said a bit too quickly.  “Besides, this is my life.  I can do what I want with it.  The wedding is not happening, Aunt Athena.  It’s over between Robbie and me.  I’m sure I’m the last person he wants to see right now.”
“You’ve just broken his heart!” Athena said in anger.
She’d almost lost her mind when the first call came in about five o’clock.  The media was too fast these days.  The story had hit the streets within minutes.  She wanted to shake some sense in to Zoe.
“He loves you.”
“Don’t.” Zoe shook her head.
She didn’t think she could take anymore.  She wanted to find the darkest corner in this house and hide there for a while, perhaps forever.
Insanity, Athena thought pacing furiously.
That’s what this was.  
There would be chaos in the morning, Athena frowned.  The caterers were coming in to set up, the flowers she’d ordered to decorate the lawn, the workmen who were putting up the dais structure by the beach, the cake!
“Zoella Mya Castille, you’ll be the death of me,” Athena exclaimed
Zoe ignored her, needing a drink.  This was one long day.  She’d effectively become single and been branded a pariah in hours.  Her heart was a black mass and she was sure she’d never feel happy again.
Athena’s anger was exactly what she deserved.  And she had yet to face Thaddeus’s which would be considerable because of the media circus she had created.  Her new life was doing great, she decided as she walked to the living room and the bar there.

****

“Stay out of my way,” Robbie ordered, as he threw more of Zoe’s clothes into a suitcase.  “I can’t stand to hear another word about her anymore.”
“What do you want to do with these?”  Kenny asked watching him warily.
The guy had been storming about for hours, the place was a mess.  It looked like a hurricane had passed over it.
“Burn them,” Robbie said with a hiss.
“You can’t.”
“Don’t tell me what I can or can’t do.  I’m not ready to accept that you didn’t know about this all along,” Robbie said bitterly.  “Is it funny to you, knowing she was cheating on me, was it amusing to you?”
“Damn it, Robbie.  How many times will I tell you I didn’t know,” Kenny said.  “Besides, I don’t think either of that is true, she’s playing games.  Let me talk to her.”
“I don’t need you to talk to her.  I don’t want to ever see her again!” Robbie roared.  “Stop looking at me like that.  I don’t need pity either.”
Robbie was fluctuating between misery and anger.  He was sure when he stopped moving the reality was going to overtake him.
He needed to keep moving, he thought, abandoning the clothes.
He needed to get out.
Walking out of the closet, he headed out of the master bedroom keenly aware of Kenny following close behind.  He got downstairs, in the living room and the sight of the photographs on the shelves that documented moments in a life he’d assumed was happy shocked him.
Anger at the deception had him walking around picking each frame.  He was about to toss them into the fireplace when he glanced at the one picture on top of the pile.  There was Zoe smiling into the camera, her eyes bright, he’d buried his face into her shoulder, his arms wrapped around her waist.
Behind them a Ferris wheel stood lighted against a dark sky.  It was the first night he’d ever told a woman he loved her.
“Robbie—
“I never want to hear about Zoe again,” Robbie said.  Dumping the picture frames on the couch, he turned and looked at Kenny, “never again.”

***

‘McClaire/Mya couple in heartbreak hotel’, ‘Wedding of the year cancelled’, ‘Mya’s new lover breaks rock star love.’
News traveled fast, especially bad news; it flew in speeds unknown to man.  Dumping the magazines into a trashcan in the lobby, Tevin watched Robbie stride out of the elevator.  Dark glasses covered eyes that were bloodshot because of lack of sleep and drinking.
“You’ll grow tired of that chore,” Robbie said nodding to the glossy magazines in the trash can.  “They’ll print more these evening.”
“Stop acting like it doesn’t bother you,” Tevin said, hating how calm Robbie was.
He’d always imagined Robbie and Zoe as the ideal model for relationships.  If they weren’t working, no one was in luck out there.
“You’re in a state of denial.  How long are you going to treat this like it isn’t happening?”
Robbie ignored the question and led the way to the front doors.
Tevin sighed and said quietly, “Pretend with everyone else McClaire, but not with me.”
Robbie stepped out into the breezy morning.  A horde of paparazzi surrounded them and if it weren’t for the security that was now a vital part of their lives, they would have been mauled.  The five men did there best to muscle the unrelenting press away as they fired questions at Robbie.
“How do you feel about your break up with Zoella Mya?”
“What are you going to do now that she’s left you?”
“Have you talked with the man she ran off with?”
Progress toward the limousine at the curb was slow, until a young man jumped in front of Robbie.
“Is she in love with the new boyfriend?”
The punch was automatic.  Before anyone could react, the young man was on the ground holding on to a bleeding nose.  The bodyguards maneuvered Robbie and Tevin toward the car quickly; they were inside the limousine before anyone could say anything.
Robbie sat in his seat, hands clenched tightly in fists.  Tevin could only shake his head as his friend tried to regain his calm.  The anger was threatening to bubble out and it worried Tevin.
Damn it, Robbie thought.
He had this under control.  He did.  He was not going to let it take over.  The pain and anger of Zoe’s betrayal was a thing he was determined to forget.  He couldn’t think about it too long, the emotions that reared their ugly heads made him feel like he would choke.

****
Chapter Seven

‘Rock star jilted by virtuoso’.
The headline was large and pictures of Robbie and Zoe were splashed all over the entertainment magazine.
“It’s never ending,” Zoe murmured to herself, as she crumbled the paper into a ball.  “Why can’t they leave it alone?”
Throwing the ball to the floor, she buried her face into her hands.  It was mid-afternoon in Athens, a week after the day she was supposed to have been married.
Athena wasn’t talking to her because she was still clearing out the structures she’d put up for the ceremony.  The wedding cake was given to Alain to deal with, he had moaned at the gorgeous waste of art.  He was barely civil to her.  Her uncle was scrambling to control the press and the consequent chaos on her business with Chris.  Every time he spoke to her she had a feeling that he wanted to shake her to death.  Kenny was done with her, that’s what he had told her when he called the house.
The ‘break up’ as everyone was calling it was supposed to be old news, but the world seemed stuck on it.  Most papers were blaming her for breaking Robbie’s heart.  They had decided she was a cold hearted bitch.
If only they knew, she thought.
It hurt to watch Robbie on the news or see the photographs they took of him.  He looked so withdrawn, so tired.  He needed her although she knew he’d never accept her again.  He hated her now.
Tears slid through her fingers and she wondered how she’d ever imagined it would be easy.
A door slammed and Athena came hurrying into the sunroom.  For the first time in a week, she spoke to Zoe.
“You have to see this.”
Turning on the television, Athena changed the channel to international news and Zoe glanced up.  There was Robbie being hounded by Paparazzi down the steps at their penthouse building.  He refused to comment on the questions they were asking and he was doing great until a young man jumped in front of him.
Zoe wasn’t sure how it happened but suddenly the young man was holding on to his nose while he was sprawled on the tarmac.  Robbie’s bodyguards were swiftly moving him to the car.
“Looks like he’s hurting as much as you are,” Athena said her gaze on Zoe and the tears streaking her face.  “Aren’t you tired of watching it?  Don’t you want to call him?  He still loves you.”
Zoe stared at the newscasters now discussing the scene.  Shaking her head, she got up and said, “He hates me.  I can’t change that.”
Leaving the room, Zoe hurried upstairs to her bedroom and barely made it to the bathroom to puke her breakfast.  Anxiety was the worst.  The nausea was bearable, but added with worry and she could scarcely keep anything down.
“Robbie,” she cried, remembering the disgusted look on his face that day.
He’d never forgive her.  She’d seen it in his eyes, really seen him start to hate her.

****

“Isn’t this convenient,” Jessica said changing the channel.  “They are on every channel.  I’m sure they are selling many records now.”
“Its hot news,” Danny said watching his sister surf the television like her life depended on it.  “Just admit it.”
“Admit what?”  Jessica asked, switching off the television and getting up to stride to the tea tray standing in the middle of the drawing room.
They were at their mother’s town house in London waiting for Gabriella so that they could have dinner.  Gabriella had arrived in the city a week before and was spending her time circulating her usual social circles.  She seemed unmoved by the news of her youngest daughter’s break up.
In fact, Danny frowned, their mother looked happy about it.
He’d called Kenny for an explanation, but there didn’t seem to be one.  Kenny was livid with Zoe.  It was hard to get a clear picture of the entire situation.  His secretary, Tamia was devastated by the McClaire/Mya falling out.  It was amusing to watch her go on about them.  Shaking his head, Danny watched Jessica pour herself a cup of tea.
“You’re worried,” Danny said.
“Oh please,” Jessica scoffed as she added cream and one sugar cube.  “Zoe lives like a wild child.  Whoever imagined that wedding would happen was nuts.”
“She’s not crazy,” Danny said, thinking about his own desperate call to Robbie.
Robbie was not talking to anyone related or associated with Zoe.  His band mates and their management were following suit.
“Zoe never does anything without a reason,” Danny said.  “I’m worried.”
The quiet confession had Jessica scrutinizing her older brother.  He seemed more thoughtful than usual, which was disturbing.  Danny was always wearing a serious look on his face.  For it to be more intense, Jessica gave a shiver.
“I’m sure she’s fine, Danny,” Jessica said sipping her tea. “Uncle Thad will make sure of it; he is so protective of her it’s disgusting.  I’m surprised my husband hasn’t gone to find her.”
“That too sounds disturbing,” Danny pointed out, moving to take a seat in an armchair.  Crossing his legs, he studied Jessica.  “Do you even talk to your husband?”
“Talking is not a concept that is easy in the Williams house,” Jessica said.  “We shout, and we have loud silences that communicate a lot about the situation our marriage has become.  My husband is drifting further away from me.”
Danny shook his head.  He was tired of the problems that were plaguing this family.  He wished he could just shake everyone and wake them up to reality.
“Are you seeing Tamia?” Jessica interrupted his thoughts.
“Why?  Is office gossip getting creative?”  Danny asked amused by the question.
“Well,” Jessica shrugged.  “You haven’t brought a date home in a couple months.  I’m just curious.  I’m always so involved in my problems.  It’s not fair to you; you should have a life too.”
“No, I’m not seeing Tamia,” Danny said with a smile, although they were sleeping together.  He had promised Tamia not to tell.  “I’ve been a bit busy, no time to date.”
“You’re a handsome man, don’t give me that bullshit,” Jessica said.  “I think I’ll call Alex.  He’ll get you out there.”
Alex Chang was Danny’s best friend and a bona fide playboy who spent his time all over Europe living it up.  It had always awed Jessica that the two of them could sustain a friendship considering their different personalities.  Where Danny was a serious conservative, Alex Chang was wild and spontaneous.  He loved to be frivolous and being a playboy was engraved in his bone marrow.
“Alex is in Tokyo at the moment.  Believe it or not, his father has asked that he attend a consortium on shipping there.  I can’t wait to see what happens,” Danny said in amusement.  “I’m giving him a week.”
“An hour,” Jessica countered with a laugh.  “Especially after I talk to him about you big brother.”
“I’m fine,” Danny protested.  “I don’t need a relationship.  Besides, judging by the current situation, no Castille should attempt one right now.”
“Why Danny, I never realized you were the type to be cynical,” Gabriella Castille said from the doorway making both her children glance up with surprise.  “Buona Sera, my darlings.”
“Mamma,” Jessica said, smiling in greeting.  “Good evening to you too.”
“You look lovely,” Danny said standing up as Gabriella walked into the room.  
Gabriella accepted kisses on her cheeks from both of them before she settled on a couch across from Danny’s arm chair.
“Tea,” Jessica asked.
“No, my dear, how is everyone?” Gabriella asked as Danny sat back in his chair and Jessica took a seat in the armchair beside him.
“Not too much,” Danny answered.  “I had meetings all day.  I was negotiating new contracts with a factory owner in Tuscany.  He’s a very difficult man to convince.  I might have to go to Italy and talk to him in person.”
“Traditions are a powerful thing,” Gabriella said in understanding.  “I imagine it is like having to sell Castille Co. God forbid.  Be easy on him.”
“I will.” Danny assured her.
“Jess, how is my son-in- law?” Gabriella asked.  She genuinely loved Kenny Williams.  Although she was well aware of the problems the marriage was having, she would never be Kenny.  He was a good man.
“He is fine.  He’s been working on a project here in London this week.”
“That’s good.  You get to spend time with him then,” Gabriella said.
“Yes,” Jessica answered with a shrug.  “Let’s talk about you mamma.  I heard you’ve been chosen to speak at the Silver Garden celebration.”
Gabriella beamed in excitement.  She had gotten the call that morning. The Silver Garden was a prestigious fashion design school in Leeds.  Castille Textile often supported the school by sponsoring fashion projects.  It would be an honor to talk before all those aspiring designers.
“Your friend Christine has even asked to publish a piece in the Paradise about it.  I feel very flattered,” Gabriella said.  “We can have some positive press now that Zoella has tarnished our image.”
“Mamma, the public doesn’t know she’s Castille,” Danny said in irritation.
“Danny, the people who know matter to me, she’s acted very disgracefully,” Gabriella said.  “I must admit I always thought the cheating would be the other way round.  Nevertheless, I’m glad the wedding is off.  They weren’t suited.”
“Mamma,” Danny frowned.  “Why do you make hasty judgments?  She was happy with him.  And I don’t believe a word about the cheating.  Something else is wrong and we should all try to find out what it is.”
“Come on, it’s Zoella we’re talking about here,” Gabriella chuckled.  “She’s lived her life to piss me off.  This is just another such incident.  Starting from the day she started this absurd career of hers.”
“Her music is her life,” Danny stood up to pace.  “You wouldn’t be talking like that if you knew how important that relationship was to Zoe.”
“Importance is relative,” Jessica said.  “Our family should be important, but if I remember correctly, when I told her that in Paris she told me to fuck off and promptly changed her name.”
“What are you saying?” Danny asked.  “When did you talk to her in Paris?”
“She’s talking about the beginning of Zoe’s career,” Gabriella answered with a sigh.  “I asked Jessica to go and persuade her to join Castille Co., even though it would be with Castille Media in Greece.  It didn’t matter.  She’s a part of the family.  She should be a part of the company.  Instead of flouncing the Castille name all over the papers.  The girl decided to drop her father’s name and continued with her career path.”
“It was a while ago, Danny.  I can’t believe you didn’t know this?”  Jessica placed her cup of tea down.  It was getting lukewarm and she didn’t like the taste of it.
Danny took a step back from them.  Turning away he ran a hand through his hair.  Remembering an incident he rather wished he could forget.
About five years ago, when Zoe had been nineteen, she’d been living in Paris while she did her music in a studio that Thaddeus had bought for her.  It had been an experiment both Thaddeus and Athena had been conducting.  They were trying to get Zoe back to regular society after being away from it for so long.  Zoe had been living at the family island for three years straight, they’d felt it was important to have her contend with the world again.
She’d been doing alright.  He even remembered visiting her briefly at the apartment she’d been staying at.  A month later, Athena had called him to warn him off.  She’d been raving mad.  She demanded that he tell her what he’d said to Zoe, word for word.  When he asked why, she’d said that Zoe had tried to commit suicide and almost succeeded.  
He’d always felt responsible for it.  She’d been so fragile those days.  To know that it had come from his sister and mother for something as stupid as a career, he shook his head in horror.
“Danny?” Jessica said worried by how still he was, “is something wrong?”
“No,” Danny said, and then because he couldn’t stand it anymore he said, “Yes.”
“Danny—
“One of these days you’re both going to have to stop sticking your heads in the sand.”  He interrupted his mother.  “Pay attention to what’s happening.  I’m hoping it’s soon before I lose a sister.”
The emotion filled words stunned both women into silence.  They both watched as Danny stalked out of the elegant drawing room and slammed the door hard behind him.
“What was that?” Jessica recovered first.
“Well, I’d imagine Danny is angry about something we’ve said,” Gabriella said with a sigh.
She was well aware of what had happened in Paris.  She’d had her suspicions that Jessica had triggered Zoe’s attempted suicide, but Danny’s reaction confirmed it for her.
Jessica, remembering that her husband was also acting like a crazy person at home, stood up.  She was tired of all the men in this family acting like idiots whenever Zoella’s topic came up.  Spurred on by anger, she hurried out of the drawing room and rushed out toward the foyer where Danny was taking his coat from the butler.
“What was that Danny?  Why are you angry?” she demanded.  “What’s with Paris?”
“Ask your husband,” Danny said as he left the house.
She was left to stare at the closing door, contemplating the answer.

*****

After dinner, Jessica bid her mother goodnight and headed home.  She arrived in time to see her husband ushering Chris Stone out to his car.  They were in deep conversation and for a moment Jessica sat in her car watching them.  Chris Stone was C.E.O of Stone records and a celebrity music producer.  He had brown hair, sharp hazel eyes, he was tall and lean, and years of success and wealth had given him power that simply oozed from his every pore.
He also didn’t liker her very much, she thought.  The fact that he was Zoe’s producer probably had something to do with it, because she’d also noticed that Kelly Jones, Zoe’s manager didn’t like her either.
Sighing, she slid out of the car as they came down the steps.  Chris Stone gave her a smile.  One she’d come to realize was very deceiving considering his attitude toward her.
“Good evening Mrs. Williams,” he said casually. “You look lovely as always.”
“Mr. Stone,” Jessica said in return accepting the touch of his lips on her cheek.  “It’s good to see you again.”
“Yes.” Chris nodded, not returning the sentiment.  To Kenny he said, “I have an appointment, thank you for your support.  The board should be appeased for now.  I’m not sure what’s next, but hopefully we can solve the media frenzy soon.”
“I’m here if you need anything,” Kenny said.
“Have a goodnight then,” Chris said; nodding to Jessica, he walked to the black Mercedes where a driver held the door open for him.
“That man doesn’t like me,” Jessica said quietly as the car rolled away.
“You assume a lot,” Kenny answered, turning away; he headed back to the house without even a greeting for her.
No more, Jessica decided hurrying after him.  “Kenny, I want to talk to you.”
“I don’t,” Kenny said smoothly as they entered the house.
Kenny headed for his study and Jessica followed.  She wasn’t going to be deterred.
“No?  Well, I don’t care.  You can listen to me talk then,” Jessica said striding after him into his study.
She’d joked about it being his lair when they first moved in.  The room was furnished with comfortable leather chairs, a mahogany desk where he worked, and a deep brown carpet.  It was a masculine room that suited him perfectly.  The windows behind his chair showed off the lawn behind the house.  She knew there were many times he’d be sitting in his chair contemplating the scenery.  She’d caught him at it.
“What is it this time?” Kenny asked his shirt sleeves were rolled up to his elbows and his tie was long gone.  He looked tired.  Worry lines graced his handsome face.  His voice came in a resigned tone.
Jessica ignored it.
“We’ve been married three years now.  For the most part we’ve been happy.  But lately, I feel like we’re pulling apart.  Actually, pulling apart is not the word I’d use with us.  It’s more like wrenching.  I miss you, Kenny.  Don’t you feel the same about me?”
Kenny stared at her bewildered by her words.  Then because he needed time to figure out if she was being sincere, he headed for the bar set up by the wall and proceeded to pour a scotch.
“If you’re asking how I feel about you Jess, you already know the answer,” Kenny said leaning on the counter, and sipping his drink.  
“Sometimes knowing that you love me is simply not enough,” Jessica said.  “Do you need me as much as I do you, Kenny?”
Need, Kenny thought, of course he needed her.
There had been a time he’d always known what she was thinking.  They had communicated so much with a single glance.  Romance and passion had filled their time.  He missed that connection.
But Jessica’s jealousy had sucked that part of their lives away.  It was hard to remain happy and optimistic when your wife questioned every move you made.
Kenny frowned.
“I love you, Jessica.  That will never change,” Kenny said, his gaze meeting her expressive blue ones.  “But the problems we’ve been having lately have driven us so far apart; I can’t remember how happy we used to be.”
“These are problems that we haven’t solved because you keep leaving me alone,” Jessica pointed out.  “A marriage is two people, Kenny.  I can’t fix the problems when you run off to wherever.  It just prolongs the agony.”
“Might I point out that these problems have been created by your paranoid tendencies?”
“Paranoid tendencies,” Jessica scoffed.  “What a description.  Are you trying to make me sound stupid?  Which woman wouldn’t be suspicious when her husband prefers to stay away from home and appears on the dailies with another woman?  Excuse me for being paranoid.”
“That woman happens to be your sister.  Zoe has been my friend far longer than you and I have been together,” Kenny said glaring at her.  “You can’t bring yourself to trust me or your sister for that matter.  So tell me what kind of low opinion is that you have about your family?  How can I understand your accusations?”
“We’re obviously going around this issue, so why don’t you tell me what it is you have to always discuss with Zoella that can’t involve me,” Jessica said hotly.  “What’s the big secret you two share that you don’t have time for me?”
Secrets, Kenny mused, plagued his life, ate at his conscience.  He’d made promises though, the secrets couldn’t be released.
“We are good friends, sort of like you and Christy.  I’ve explained this to you before.  It never sinks in.  I wonder if you’ll listen now.”
“No,” Jessica said.  “I’m tired of watching it all from the sidelines.  I’m not losing my marriage to Zoella.  So tell me what’s so special you need to spend so much time together.  May be I can join you.”
“This is not a joke,” Kenny said in anger.
Jessica was treating this like it was so easy.
It wasn’t, especially now that Zoe was acting so strange.  Why wasn’t she calling him?  He needed to understand why she’d called it off with Robbie.  He was worried.  The fact that Thaddeus was also angry with her made him think this was serious.  It was obvious something else was going on.
“Kenny, if you want me to believe what you keep telling me about you and Zoe, just clue me in.  Prove it by telling me what’s going on with you two,” Jessica said, her expression daring him to do it.
What game was this now?
Kenny wondered it didn’t seem like Jessica to insist on such a thing.  It made him feel like she was plotting something.
“Tell me, Jess, since when do you care what’s up with Zoe?” Kenny demanded.
“Since you started giving her more time and thought than you give me,” Jessica retorted.
“The truth at the moment is I don’t know what’s going on with your sister,” Kenny said abruptly.  It pained him to admit that.
“What does that mean?  She just cancelled a wedding to run off with an Italian gangster-looking man.  What’s so mysterious about that?”  Jessica chuckled.  “In case you didn’t notice it’s splashed all over the media, my love.”
“So you believe it?  Of course you would.” Kenny sighed, turning back to the bar; he poured more scotch into his glass.  “You were never clear headed when it came to Zoe.  I can’t believe you imagine she could do such a thing.”
“What’s to imagine?” Jessica asked.  “There is no question about what everyone is saying.  It’s obvious.”
“Look beyond the surface, Jess,” Kenny snapped.  “Not just the top, but what’s untold.”
Danny had reacted the same way, Jessica frowned.  Why was everyone so touchy?
“Look, I feel as though we’re teetering on the edge.  I love you, you are my husband, but things can’t continue this way.”
“I agree.  I should also point out that we fight because of your paranoia with a harmless relationship.”
“It’s not harmless.  Let’s not pretend,” Jessica said quietly.  “I realize you two have been through a lot, and I’d never want to stop your friendship.  But—, I’m your wife, Kenny.  You have to concede to an extent.  Lean on my side and help make this marriage work.  I’m so left out sometimes.”
“What are you saying?” Kenny said in confusion.
Jessica swallowed and decided to take the plunge.  Moving around the arm chair, she went to stand before him.  Reaching up a hand, she caressed his jaw delicately.
“Let me in,” she said quietly, her blue eyes searching his.
“You are in,” Kenny said, noting the love he remembered in those eyes.  Love and concern, the two things he hadn’t read in there for a while.  “You’re my wife.”
Sighing, Jessica dropped her hand. “Just—
She let out a frustrated breath. 
Not sure why she was acting this way, Kenny studied Jessica for a moment then placing his glass on the bar counter; he clasped her upper arms.  Pulling her close, he leaned down and pressed a kiss on her forehead.  She looked up at him and he kissed her lips gently. 
“I know what you’re asking,” Kenny said, against her cheek.  “But you’ll have to give me time first.  Allow me to solve this current mess.”
“I can help.  I can make sure the press stops.” Jessica offered, her heart fluttering in hope.  He wasn’t refusing to share.  He was asking for time.  And that she could give.  
“No, the press is Zoe’s doing.  The course they are taking was started by her; she wanted it to get this bad.  You can’t stop it without revealing who she really is.  What I want to know is why she would do such a thing,” Kenny said on a sigh.  “I want to go to Greece this weekend.  If you want, you can come along.”
Jessica smiled at the small concession.  It was small, but she’d take it.  
“Of course, I’d love to go with you.”

*****

“Where is she?” Thaddeus roared when he arrived home on Thursday evening.
He’d just spent an entire afternoon in the company of one Franco Antonio.  It had taken no time to get the full story on what Zoe had been up to in London.  Now that he knew all the details, he wanted answers.
“My love, what has you so upset?” Athena said, standing up from where she’d been seated on the couch.  Thankfully, Zan and his Nanny Zelda had just left to change his clothes, so they were alone.  It wouldn’t do for Zan to see his father so angry.
“I just talked to Franco Antonio.  Zoe has been playing games.  I want to talk to her.  Where is she?”
“At the beach,” Athena answered moving to help Thaddeus with his suit jacket.  “And it’s a good thing too; you need to calm down before you blow up on her.  I’ve already done it twice and it won’t help.  She’s stubborn and it will only get worse.”
“How can I calm down?”  Thaddeus demanded allowing Athena to take the jacket.  He undid his tie and the two top buttons of his white shirt.  “She’s pulling down the bricks of her life.  I can’t imagine she’s the same woman we had dinner with in Prague.  What the hell happened between our leaving her there and a day later?  I just know it’s that McClaire.”
“Thaddeus, you’re upset she’s not confiding in you,” Athena said, having put Thad’s jacket in the care of the butler.  She went a head and poured him a glass of cold lemon juice.  “Believe me, I know how you feel.  She’s been moping around for days and I can’t get her to talk.  It’s driving me crazy.”
“Have you called Sylvia?”  Thaddeus asked, taking the glass from her.
“Oh yes, nothing there, Zoe hasn’t called her either.”
“I’m going to make her call Sylvia.”  Thaddeus decided.  “The girl made Franco act for McClaire.  He says it was brutal.  He thought she’d kill herself crying.  Obviously she still cares, what I want to know is why she’d bail on the relationship.”
Athena ran a hand through her loose hair.  She’d been afraid of the truth.  She’d secretly hoped that Franco was really Zoe’s boyfriend.  Anything but what could only mean that Zoe was trying to seclude herself.  That was far scarier.
Zan came running in just then.  He was in blue shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt.  His blond hair bounced around his cute face as he ran.  He was now ready for his trip to the beach.  Seeing his father, Zan exclaimed in glee and rushed to him.
“Papa, guess what, I got three shells this morning.”  He announced proudly when Thaddeus picked him up and placed him on his lap.  “Nanny has promised to take me again.  I’ll get more.”
“Oh wow,” Thaddeus said in excitement, his earlier concern hidden when he was holding his son.  “Can I get one of your shells?”
“No,” Zan said his eyes wide.  “Zoe says I should never give them up.”
“Oh really,” Thaddeus grinned, leaning to press a kiss on his son’s cheek he asked, “What if I promise to pay?”
“Hmm…” Zan thought then nodded.  “You’ll give me something?”
“Yes, that’s how it works,” Thaddeus said, amused by his son the merchant.
“Okay.  I want a hat like Drake’s.  He is always boasting about his in school.”
“Drake has a hat you want?” Thaddeus asked.
“If you get me one, I’ll give you one of my shells,” Zan said.
Athena smiled at the negotiation in progress.  Her son was a regular business man, she thought, just like his father.  Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of footsteps coming down the hallway.  Leaning slightly to get a look of the hallway, she spotted Zoe passing.
A large beach hat on top of her head, her long hair fell down her back and a white wrap around her hips meant that she’d been swimming at the beach.
Swimming or walking, Athena thought.
Zoe didn’t pause to say hello, she went straight for the stairs, no doubt to mope around more.
Standing up, Athena left her husband with Zan and followed Zoe up to her room.  She found Zoe removing her costume and changing into a light pink sundress.
“How’s the water?” Athena asked, her gaze moving to the uncovered grand piano.  It was a good sign.
“Alright,” Zoe answered quietly.  “Uncle Thad is home.”
“He’s not happy,” Athena said leaning down to pick up two blouses that were on the floor and placing them in the laundry basket.  The bedroom was a mess, clothes were strewn all over.  Typical of Zoe, Athena mused.
“He’s talked to Franco.” Zoe stated, sitting down on the bed.  She ran a hand through her hair to untangle it.
“Is there something I should know about?” Athena asked then, moving around still picking up clothes from the floor and on chairs and stools.  She’d been asking the question for a while now.  She was hoping one of these days Zoe would break and tell.
“Nothing is wrong,” Zoe said.  “Stop asking that question.  It’s not going to be a different answer.”
“Well excuse me for worrying,” Athena said dumping clothes in the laundry hamper and turning to stare at Zoe.
Seated on the bed, Zoe looked like she was sixteen again.  She was watching Athena with big dark eyes that held shadows Athena had thought were gone.  To see them there hurt more than Zoe would ever understand.
“Stop worrying so much,” Zoe soothed.  “I know what I’m doing.”
“If screwing up your life and happiness is, ‘knowing what you’re doing’ then excuse me for being stupid!” Athena snapped.  “I don’t understand your logic, Zoella.  Maybe one of these days you’ll clue me in.”
With that, Athena stormed out before she worsened the situation. It was getting difficult to keep her head around Zoe.  What was she supposed to do?  Sit back and watch the girl toss her life out the window without protest?

Chapter Eight

Haden was to take a break after Robbie’s wedding.  Since the wedding was cancelled, the band opted to get back to the studio to work on their next album.
Unfortunately for them, all the songs they were to record had been written during the tour and tackled a subject Robbie wished he could discard.  The lyrics had been heartfelt.  Filled with such a longing to reunite with a love he wished he’d never known, or the beautiful relationship that had ripped him apart.  He couldn’t believe he’d been such a fool.
“Stop,” Christine Pendleton ordered.  “You’re not in the music, McClaire.”
“I’m singing it.  I don’t know what you mean by that.”  Robbie shot back his green eyes glaring at her.  “I can’t get it done anyway since you keep interrupting me.”
“There is no way we’ll lay down a track that sounds like shit,” Christine said.  “Will you get some rest?  Get laid; get your head on straight.”
“I don’t have to take this,” Robbie said, matching her anger.  He pulled off the earphones and stormed out of the recording room.
Christine sighed and turned to Tevin.  Tevin placed his guitar on the stand before he went after Robbie.
“Stop being so hard on him,” Mick said to Christine. “This isn’t easy.”
“Hard?” Christine asked.  “He has to get past that relationship.  If singing the goddamned songs will help, he’d better get to it.”
“Zoe was important.”  Ron pointed out. “Maybe he should do other songs.  Not these ones.”
“They are brilliant,” Christine said in exasperation. “You guys haven’t done anything like them before.  The album’s going to be great.  How can I let them go?”
“Because they are causing pain,” Mick snapped standing up from his seat and dropping his drumsticks on the drums.  “You’re going to help us, not destroy us.   Change the songs to the ones he’s been writing lately.”
“Those are depressing,” Christine said in horror.
“Then we will be depressed,” Ron said.  “Angst sells anyway.”

****

Robbie stuck coins in to the vending machine and punched in numbers for a soft drink.  What he wanted was alcohol, but they were working.  His band came first.  There was no way he was going to allow that woman to destroy his entire life.
“What do you need to make you sleep?” Tevin demanded behind him.  “You want pills?  I’m sure we can get a prescription.”
“Don’t start with me,” Robbie sighed.  “I don’t know what I’d do if I have nothing to do.  I might go find her.”
“Move in with me then.  I’ll watch out—
“It doesn’t matter.  I’m afraid of thinking at all,” Robbie said.  “When I’m not busy, the thoughts intrude and I can’t handle that.  So work is good.”
“Damn it,” Tevin cursed, “she’s not worth it.”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Robbie snapped.  “It’s not so easy!”
Tevin sighed this time and watched Robbie swallow the soft drink like it was life itself.  The guy wasn’t sleeping; there were dark shadows under his eyes.  His hair was longer, it needed a trim.  He was also losing weight which meant he wasn’t eating enough if at all.
Ron and Mick appeared then, and Ron handed Robbie music sheets.
“This is what I wrote last week,” Robbie said puzzled.
“Yeah,” Ron said, “let’s lay that down.”
“What about the other ones?” Robbie asked.
Ron gave Tevin a glance.  “This sounds better.”
Robbie shrugged, it was all work, it didn’t matter right now what got done.
*****
For what seemed like the millionth time, the strains of a dirge filled the house and Athena wished she’d never heard Bela Bartok in her life.  Why had the man been so depressing anyway?  Why was Zoe playing dirges?  Wasn’t there happier music in Classical music?
“I wonder what happened to beautiful spring melody.”  Alain commented with a sigh.  “Anymore of that stuff and you’re all having oatmeal.”
“Mamma, I want to play with Zoe,” Zan whined.  “Please make her come out.”
“My love that’s not going to happen,” Athena said, writing down the list of groceries Alain needed.  “I wish I could lock away all the pianos in this house.”
“Don’t even try it unless you want trouble,” Alain said with a lifted brow.  “She needs purpose.”
“Purpose,” Athena scoffed.  “Her life was purpose before.  Why is she moping around instead of picking it up again?  Kelly is a phone call away.”
Athena took a banana from a fruit basket.  Peeling it, she handed it to Zan.  “Go find nanny, Zan.”
“Alright,” Zan took the banana and went in search of Zelda, leaving Athena to collect the baskets she needed for shopping.
“Take Zoe with you to the market.” Alain suggested.  “I’ll threaten her with the oatmeal.”
“Yeah sure,” Athena said.  “Hopefully we can make it through the market without a fight.”
“Control your anger and try to be nice.  That might go a long way to change her mind and talk,” Alain advised.
Holding two weaved baskets; Athena stared at her chef for a moment.  She knew he was right.  Alain was always right.  She just wasn’t ready to let go of her anger with Zoe yet, especially when she looked out and saw the unfinished structure in the back lawn where she’d been planning a gorgeous wedding reception.  She had yet to pay the carpenters for the job they were undoing.  Shaking her head, Athena prayed for patience.

*****
“Pull your hat down,” Athena said as they got out of the car at the open market.
The place was teeming with people buying and selling fresh fruit and vegetables and all manner of items.
“Someone could recognize you.”
Zoe obeyed and pulled the wide brimmed hat lower.  Her hair was in a long braid down her back.  She wore a white sundress that had long skirts that swirled around her sandaled feet.  Athena wore a peasant skirt with a matching blouse.  Cream yellow suited her, Zoe thought as she followed Athena to the market.
“Alain wasn’t actually going to cook oatmeal for dinner, was he?” Zoe asked with a smile.
“He was,” Athena said.  “You know he doesn’t give empty threats.”
“Like the time he refused to cook dinner because Uncle Thad hadn’t told him about the extra guests,” Zoe chuckled.  “I’ve never seen Uncle Thad so frightened.”
“Your uncle is a man who can’t cook.” Athena mused. “Of course he’ll panic.”
“Thank God for Alain,” Zoe said as they stopped at a fruit stand.
Athena engaged the fruit seller and the negotiations of fruit prices started.  Zoe took the time to scan the market then.
Her gaze moved slowly over the many stands which were overflowing with goods ready for sale.  There were customers at every stand, the atmosphere buzzed with sounds as clients negotiated for the right price.  The most amusing part was seeing Athena jump into it with enthusiasm.
Athena could easily have left the task to the staff at the villa, but Alain was picky and Athena was a stickler for saving.  Put both of them together and Athena did the grocery shopping for Alain.
“Stop day dreaming, here have an apple,” Athena said holding out a red apple to Zoe.  “Do you realize you don’t try to change your habits?”
Zoe smiled as they moved on to the next vendor.  “Change what habits?”
“You always have day dreamed while I’m trying to buy groceries.  It worries me.  Before I used to think you’ll get lost or stolen, now I’m worried you’ll get mauled and stolen.”  Athena elaborated.  “It doesn’t change.”
“Athena you are just a worrying kind of person,” Zoe said as they stopped and Athena perused broccoli heads.  “I know you’re angry with me about what I did.  I realize you want an explanation, but right now, I don’t have one that will make you happy.”
“The explanation must be a very stupid one then,” Athena said glancing at her for a moment.  “I’m not ever going to agree with what you’ve done.  Because, my love—, don’t shake your head—, because I saw how you were with Robbie.”
“Auntie—
“You are perfect for each other,” Athena said pointing at broccoli she wanted for the seller.  “It was great.  I thought to myself, now here is a man I can give my support.  Robbie is a good man for you.  So, I’m angry with you for hurting him the way you have.  But, I want you to know that you always come first.  I love you, and as much as your decision annoys me, I can’t do anything but support you.”
Zoe understood that this was a small concession when it came to Athena.  It would not get any better until the truth was all out.  Since she wasn’t ready to confide that to Athena, she’d have to take this.
“Does that mean you won’t pester me anymore about it?” Zoe asked biting into her apple.
“It just means I’ll be patient.  I’ll try to understand what I don’t know,” Athena said with a wink.  “I’m this way only because I care; you know that, don’t you?”
“Yes,” Zoe said with a shrug.
“Good.  Then if you won’t talk to me, talk to Sylvia,” Athena said finishing with the broccoli.
“I knew you’d demand something,” Zoe said on a sigh.  “I guess I could do that.”
“I’ll have Tony drive you there for your appointments, just in case,” Athena said
“I can drive myself,” Zoe said with a frown.
“Tony will drive you,” Athena said firmly.  She would make sure that Zoe actually went for her appointments.  It was all that was left to do.  “Now come on, we need some mackerels.  They’re your favorite, right?  I think we can convince Alain to make them tonight.”
“We should take him some cake from Zeus’s café,” Zoe said with a shy smile.  “I know he likes it even though he denies it.”
“Really,” Athena’s eyes widened.  “Is that the way of it?  Why didn’t you ever say something?  I’m going to exploit that.”
Zoe laughed and Athena smiled at the sound.  She’d really missed hearing that laugh around the house.

*********

The next month went by quickly.  Thaddeus spent his time keeping a keen eye on Zoe and playing the protector when her family tried to see her.  It was an easy role for him, because he’d played it before.  Except this time he hated doing it, especially when Kenny was falling victim.  It had surprised him to see Kenny and Jessica show up at the villa on a weekend.  It had just been luck that Athena had decided to take Zoe and Zan along to check on their home at the Aledeus Island.  
Kenny had demanded to know what was causing the rift with Zoe.  Thad had been glad to answer he didn’t know because that was a truth he could give.  Thankfully, Kenny had decided to leave soon after taking a confused Jessica with him.
He was happy that Zoe kept her appointments with Sylvia.  Tony, Zoe’s bodyguard and driver, made sure she got there and drove her back. The rest of the time, Zoe spent in her room, playing the piano or violin and at the beach collecting shells with Zan.  She refused to discuss her falling out with Robbie and even stayed away from Kelly and Chris.  Thaddeus was aware that they were all treating this as the vacation she’d asked for before the alleged wedding.  Which was all well and good, he just wished she’d try and collect her life again.

*****

At the beginning of July, Christine Pendleton got a call from the editor of GQ magazine.  Haden had been voted the ultimate rock band.   The magazine was offering to do a major campaign with the band and give them sponsorship for their next album tour.  An opportunity Christine pushed for because the band had just finished their album, a work of art that was dubbed ‘Broken.’
She had actually wept through the recording.  Robbie McClaire had out done himself on this one.  She was starting to think his heart should be broken more often.
Shaking her head at the mean thought, she buzzed her assistant and told her to find Gloria Swanson, the Haden manager.
****
“This coffee is disgusting.  Can you tell me why you’d do this?” Robbie demanded of the waiter at the coffee shop.  “Give me your notepad; this is what you’ll do for me.”
“But sir—
“I’m paying for the goddamned coffee, my friend.” Robbie cut in taking the pad out of the young man’s hand.  “Now do what I write here, a person has to have decent coffee in the morning.”
“My God Robbie,” Mick shook his head staring at Robbie with wide eyes.  “I think too much tequila isn’t good for you.  Why don’t you just drink the coffee like it is?”
“It tastes like shit.”
“Who gives a darn?” Mick chuckled, sitting back on the plush leather chair.  “You do realize a cup of coffee cost like gold in here.  They are supposed to be the best.”
“I’ve had better.  Get off it,” Robbie snapped.  “My head’s still throbbing.”
“It’s all that booze you took in last night.  I thought we’re going to have to pump blood into you today to dilute the tequila.”  Mick laughed.
“I don’t remember,” Robbie said on a sigh.  “I have to go to the penthouse today.  The accountant wants to meet with me and deal with a few details.”
“You want company?” Mick asked.
“No.” Robbie shook his head, he didn’t want witnesses when he walked into the place and fell apart.  It had been a one month and two weeks since he’d gone back to that house.
“I’ll be fine.”  He added quietly for his own benefit.
“You know I’m going to rub the coffee thing in for a while,” Mick said, picking up his own.  It was better to steer away from touchy subjects and dwell on lightness.  “I can’t believe you’re acting like an idiot.”
“Get off it, I said.” Robbie frowned at him.  “I don’t want to hear it now.”  
“Oh yeah,” Mick teased.  “We’ll see about that.”

******

That afternoon, Robbie stood at the entrance into the penthouse he’d called home for three years and shivered.  He kept away from this place like it was a plague.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d set foot in the place.  He preferred to sleep in hotel rooms or at Tevin’s apartment.  Sometimes he slept at the recording studio.
Shaking his head, he fitted the key into the lock and swung the door open.  A familiar scent hit him hard.
Gardenias
He’d missed that scent so much.  Standing at the open doors, Robbie felt paralyzed by the explosion of scents assaulting his nostrils.
Was she here?
Steadying himself with a short breath, he felt his heart clench when he glanced around the house.  There were vases of flowers in every available surface area.  Gardenias, lots of them, he thought in surprise.  They were obviously the cause of the scent in the air.  Closing the door behind him, he wondered what had gotten into Maria.
Dropping his keys on a table, he touched the petals of one flower delicately.  It was so soft.  Like her skin, he thought.  Closing his eyes he ordered the pain away.
“Master Robbie, buon pomeriggio.” Maria greeted pulling him out of his thoughts.
“Hi Maria,” Robbie answered, moving to kiss her cheek.  “Are you alright?”
“Just fine,” Maria said. “Are you hungry?”
“No.” Robbie said frowning.  “Why are there so many flowers, Maria?”
“Flowers,” Maria asked, and then glanced at the gardenias she continued. “You don’t remember?”
“Remember what?”
“Last night, you call me and ordered me to make sure I got them all over the place.”
“I did?” Robbie said in surprise, “why?”
“I think you said it was an anniversary today,” Maria said.  “You were very adamant.  I did so because you said you’d come sleep here and wanted to find them in here.”
Oh God, Robbie ran a hand down his face.  “I’m sorry Maria.  If I was rude—
“No, no.” Maria soothed.  “I understand.  It’s not easy, I miss her too.”
“Yes.” Robbie sighed.  “Is the accountant here?”
“Not yet,” Maria said.
“Tell him to wait in the study when he comes,” Robbie said.  “I’ll just have a look around.  Please get rid of the flowers for me.”
“Yes of course.” Maria answered and watched him head up the stairs.  She dialed the front desk immediately and demanded for the cleaning staff to come get the flowers.
Heading for the bedroom, Robbie climbed the stairs slowly trying to prepare for the impact of being in there.  Surrounded by the memories they’d shared in that room.  It was difficult not to mourn that.  He missed it...missed their relationship together.
Opening the doors, he stood at the threshold, his gaze fixed on the bed, their bed...their room.  There were times when he had come in just like this, and found Zoe sleeping in the bed.  He’d stand over it just watching her.  Then he’d move around and slip in beside her, and she’d curl up against him like a kitten.  He still remembered the first night she’d done that.  He’d been lying on the bed beside her, awake trying to work out his emotions about them.  Then she’d moved, still asleep, she’d placed her head on his chest and curled up.
Shaking his head to send the memory away, he went to the closet.  Throwing the doors open, expecting to find her stuff gone, he was surprised to see the neat line of clothes still in place.  Her stuff was still here.
Hadn’t she said she’ come back for it?
He’d tried to get rid of it, but the empty racks had hurt too much and he’d abandoned the task.
Maria had arranged everything again.  To find that it was all still here, he shook his head again and decided to ignore it.  He needed clothes, so he grabbed a suitcase and threw it on the bed.  Heading back to the closet, he walked in determined to ignore her stuff, but he couldn’t help stopping when he saw a short black dress with silver studs at the waist.  She’d worn it the last time they’d gone out.  Touching the fabric gently reminded him of how she’d looked that night.
Closing his eyes the memory filled his mind. It had been around seven o’clock in the evening.  They were running late for dinner with his band mates.  The problem was as they tried to get dressed, they couldn’t keep their hands off each other.  Zoe had laughed pulling away from him.
“Tev will kill us,” she’d said, putting on the black fitted dress.  Its zipper was low on her back so she’d turned to him for help.  He’d come up behind her and was going to help her zip up, but he’d ended up dropping kisses down her back.
Turning around, Zoe hugged him and murmured.  “I love you.”
His eyes flew open to escape the memory.  His heart ached so much; he had to breathe in and out for a moment.  It was too much.  He couldn’t seem to get her out of his system.  She was like a virus.  Nothing seemed to get her out, not other women, not alcohol, not work.  It killed him that she found it so easy to leave him for another man.  Another man!
She’d dug herself so deep into his heart it was killing him to try and get her out.  While for her, she hadn’t even batted an eyelash.
She had no right to fall in love with anyone, he thought.
Clenching his fists, he kicked the rack of clothes and tipped it over.  How the hell was he supposed to survive the rest of his life?  It angered him to think that she was living it up while he suffered this way.
“Damn you, Zoe.” He swore.
“Master Robbie,” Maria called from the doorway, “the accountant is here.”
Breathing out his anger, he swallowed hard before answering.  “I’ll be right down.”
“Yes,” Maria said.
“And Maria,” Robbie said coming out of the closet.  “I’m-uh-I’m sorry.  I can’t seem to quit making a mess for you.”
Maria glanced into the closet and saw the clothes on the floor.  Her gaze traveled back to Robbie’s and she smiled slightly.  “Don’t apologize.  I’ll see to it.”
Robbie nodded and started for the door.  “Will you send some clothes for me to Tevin’s apartment?”
“Of course, go on now.”
Robbie nodded and hurried out of the room and his torturous memories.

******

Signing papers needed by a construction company, Kenny nodded at his executive assistant and watched the young man hurry out of his office.  Once the door was safely shut, he stared at the ink pen he had in his hand.  It had been a gift given to him by Zoe for his birthday, a few years before she’d met Robbie McClaire.
Those days, he’d known most everything about her.
Not like now, he thought with bitterness mixed with worry.  He still wasn’t over the disastrous trip to Athens.  He imagined that Thaddeus had probably treated him that way out of love.
Dropping the pen on his desk, he swung his chair around to stare out the window.  Zoe had called Davenly Tower the lair because of the view it provided.  London was so beautiful at his feet.  The sight of it usually calmed him down but at the moment he barely saw it.
It was ironic now that Zoe was away from him, his marriage was getting better.  With each day he moved further away from Zoe, his relationship with Jessica improved.
It should make him happy, he thought.  He loved Jessica very much and the fact that they were moving away from the abyss was a positive sign.  But still, he worried and wondered.  His thoughts constantly returned to their visit to Athens three weeks ago.
The weather had been great that Saturday.  They’d arrived in Athens at around eleven o’clock in the morning.  Jessica had been very excited about the trip.  Her bright smile had lifted up his mood.
“It’s been a while since I visited Athens,” Jessica said.  “I forgot how bright everything is.”
“It is charming.  Do you remember Villa Thermopolis?” Kenny asked as they entered a waiting grey Town Car.
“Vaguely, Uncle Thad always visits London, never the other way round.” Jessica sighed. “I’ve missed a lot.”
“Not too much,” Kenny assured her.  “You know Zoe loves this city.  She changes the moment she lands here.  She’s more relaxed, not like when she’s in London.  Here, she’s just Zoe.”
“I’d imagine.  She is Zoella Mya after all, that kind of hype requires a large amount of energy.”  Jessica had said her gaze on her husband as he talked.  He seemed nervous, which was very unlike him.  Though he wasn’t mentioning it, she could see that it mattered to him to see Zoe.  “I remember my father telling me about this school our grandfather started.  He called it Athens Music School.  It was supposed to be a creative arts school.”
“Ah, yes,” Kenny had nodded.  “AMS is still there.  Zoe attended it when she was here in Athens.”
“I’d love to see it,” Jessica had said quietly.  “See part of my history in this city.”
“We will pass right by it on our way to the villa.”  Kenny had assured her as the driver navigated through impossible traffic.
An hour and a half later, the car pulled into the beautiful estate that Villa Thermopolis stood on.  They were met at the entrance by a butler who showed them into an airy elegant living room that had Jessica in awe.  Windows showed off an exquisite view of all sides of the villa, the front lawn, the beach, and a beautiful garden.  Terrace doors that led to the beach stood open letting in air that was tinged with salt.  It was a beautiful place to live.
“Kenny!”  Thaddeus had greeted them coming in with a wide smile.  “I’m glad to see you brought Jess along this time.”
“Hello Uncle Thad,” Jessica said accepting a kiss and hug from her uncle.  “You have a beautiful home here.”
“Thank you, you are welcome to it anytime,” Thaddeus answered.  To Kenny he said, “I didn’t realize you were free this month.”
“I decided to make the trip only a few days ago.  Jessica agreed to come along,” Kenny said as he took a seat on the couch.  “How are you?  How’s the family?”
“We’re fine.  In fact you just missed them,” Thaddeus said, ringing for the butler.  “Athena has taken everyone to the Island house.  They will be back on Monday morning.”
“Aledeus,” Jessica asked.
“Yes,” Thaddeus answered.  “You still remember?”
“I could never forget.  Papa always used to talk about it and how you two grew up there.  I’ve always loved that place.  Is Olivia still there?”
“Yes, she is,” Thaddeus said.  “Those were great days.  Now the place stays empty except for skeleton staff.  Sometimes I rent it to keep it up.  It’s not good for a house like that to remain empty.”
“Of course,” Jessica agreed.
Two maids came in then carrying trays laden with refreshments.  After they set up everything, they hurried out and Jessica offered to pour coffee for the gentlemen.
“I’ve come to see Zoe, and ask about what’s going on with her,” Kenny said then.
Thaddeus looked at him for a moment then answered, “She’s with Athena.”
“I want to see her,” Kenny said.  “She’s got to explain what’s happening to me.”
“That is out of the question,” Thaddeus said placing his cup of coffee down.  “Not right now.”
“You can’t always protect her when she screws up, Thad,” Kenny snapped.  “Not from me anyway, we’ve been through too much already for that.”
“It’s not about you and I, it’s about Zoella,” Thaddeus said standing up to pace to the open terrace doors.  “I wish I could help you, but this time I’m not going to.  She’s not seeing any one, including Chris Stone.”
“Are you kidding me?” Kenny had asked staring at the tall man standing by the windows, his frame in a loose white shirt and slacks, and his feet in sandals.  Thaddeus was anything but relaxed in his stance.  “Of course, you never kid.  This is just another idea from Zoe.  She’s put you up to this, hasn’t she?  She’s isolating herself.  Why?”
“If I knew Kenny, you’d be the first to know,” Thaddeus answered quietly.
“Find out,” Kenny demanded.  “Try and find out.”
“It’s not as easy as you think,” Thaddeus answered.  “Something is going on that she’s finding difficult to share.  I’m not going to push her until it’s absolutely necessary.”
“And when is that going to be?” Kenny asked.  “When the situation is like Paris again?”
“I’d watch what I say next very carefully, Williams,” Thaddeus said turning to look at Kenny with very cold eyes.  The sight made Jessica shiver and Kenny swallow hard.  “What I say right now goes.  She needs space and time.  I’m giving it to her; it doesn’t do to have you questioning that.”
“Damn it, do you think this is easy for me?” Kenny said then, his tone apologetic.  “I’m worried.”
“We are also worried,” Thaddeus said.  “But, she’s here and we’re keeping a sharp eye on her.  I’m fulfilling a promise I made a while ago.  I’m sure you recall what it is.  It was made that first time she had to play in Berlin.  She asked we give her time and protection if she ever needed it.  I can’t do anything else but that.  You do understand Kenny, don’t you?”
Kenny held blue eyes for a moment then because he had also made promises, he nodded in agreement.
“Fine, but—,” he sighed.  “Ask her to call me.”
“I will.  But I won’t make her,” Thaddeus said.
“Even that,” Kenny asked, hurt in his eyes, it bothered Thaddeus to see it there.
“I’m sorry, Kenny,” Thaddeus said.  “But you’re welcome to keep an old man company for lunch.”
“You’re no old man,” Jessica said, trying to diffuse the tension in the room. 
Thaddeus chuckled.  “You are charming.  Come, my dear, I want to show you my home.   Maybe I can entice you to come visit me again.”
Jessica stood up and squeezing Kenny’s shoulder in reassurance, she followed Thaddeus out into the foyer, leaving Kenny alone.

Now, thinking about that trip, Kenny wondered if he should have been more persistent.  Zoe hadn’t called him.  His pride didn’t allow him to go back to Athens.  Like Robbie, he felt hurt and betrayed that she was choosing to keep to herself.  Unlike Robbie, he knew that she was not with that man everyone was calling her boyfriend.  He was well aware of whom Franco Antonio was.
The question was should he tell Robbie?  Would it make a difference at this point?
Turning his chair back to his desk, he shrugged that thought away.
McClaire had refused to take any of his calls since that awful day at the penthouse.  Perhaps Thaddeus was right.  Maybe time would help.  Shaking his head, Kenny picked up the next folder on his inbox.  It was better to concentrate on the things that he could control.

****
Chapter Nine

It was raining again.  New York was starting to be like London, Robbie thought as the limousine drove through traffic.  It rained like it was never going to stop.  He wasn’t sure he wanted it to stop.  The gloomy atmosphere that came with the rain suited his mood perfectly.  As the car stopped, he pulled the lapels of his long leather coat together and got out.  Oblivious to the security that surrounded him, he stepped into t he rain.
As they hurried into the airport, they walked through noisy crowds headed for the private jet terminal.  He was bone tired.  Tight muscles on his shoulders protested as he grabbed hold of a rail on the moving escalator.  It was a subtle reminder that the week in New York had been the toughest yet.
The album launch had meant interviews, appearances, photo shoots, performances, all of which had climaxed with the GQ magazine party.  Tevin, Ron and Mick had left soon after to fly back to London for an appearance with the BBC world music.  He’d been left behind to do an interview with the Fuse.
Stepping on to another ascending escalator, Robbie put his hands in his pocket and glanced around him taking in the scenery.  As they came up to the second floor, his gaze narrowed on a petite woman with long black hair down her back.  Her profile made his heart skip in excitement and for a moment he was sure it was her.
And then she turned and he looked away.
It wasn’t her. It was never her.
He got off the escalator and followed the two men hired to protect him while he was on American soil.  
Thanks to an incident with an over eager fan at the hotel the band members had been staying at, he now needed security with him at all times.  Gloria and Christine were getting paranoid.  An attendant met him at the boarding entrance; she greeted him with a smile, 
“Good morning Mr. McClaire.  Your guest is already onboard.”
“Guest,” Robbie frowned, his flight was supposed to be solo.
The frown had the two bodyguards hurrying into the plane before him.  Curiosity made him follow.  He grinned at the sight that met him.
During the past week, he’d met an old flame who’d been interviewing him.  She was a freelance writer named Marjorie Adams.  They had dated on and off a couple of years ago, but it had never been a relationship.  Theirs had been a bond of passion, if he remembered correctly.  She was smoking hot and she now stood a few feet away in a very illegal dress, her luscious smile directed at him.  The two security men held each one of her arms, but she still managed to look sexy.
“Robbie, please tell your minions to let go.  I’m not into orgies.”
Always the hell cat, Robbie thought, noting that her stunning red hair was falling down her back in waves.  He’d always had a weakness for long hair and bad tempered women.
“Didn’t know your tastes had changed,” Robbie said lazily, giving a slight nod to the two men.  They released her immediately and said swift goodbyes to him before they left.  Once alone, Robbie asked, “What are you doing here, Marjorie?”
“Soliciting a fuck,” she said, watching him under lowered eyelashes.  He knew her well enough to know she’d probably gotten a call from Tevin.  “I’ve told you before rock star, I’m here for you.”
“I’m sure,” Robbie said when she moved closer and wrapped her arms around his neck.  Pressing her delectable body into him, he slightly remembered their old heat.
Long before Zoe, Marjorie had once made his blood boil; now it was a lukewarm sensation and only because she was a very sensual creature.  She used that gift to her advantage too.
To solidify that thought, she blew on his lips making him groan.
“I’ve missed you.” Marjorie breathed, trailing kisses along his jaw and down his neck.  Her hands roamed inside his coat, her fingers unbuttoning his black shirt.  “I have a whole week off; we can go stay at your place.  I’ll—
“Tevin’s place,” Robbie interrupted, sinking his fingers into her hair and pulling her head back so that he could look into her eyes.  “For two days only, I have an album to promote.”
“Well, I’ll just be along,” Marjorie purred, having opened his shirt, she ran her hands over his chiseled abdomen, “by your side.”
“You’ll get bored.”
“We can have sex during the breaks you get,” Marjorie replied to that comment.
Kissing her hard, he said against her lips. “This is just sex, Marjorie.”
“Even better,” Marjorie said rubbing her hand against his trousers.
She knew that but she still wanted him.  When they had been together before, she’d known that these feelings she had were not those of a groupie.  Not like everyone else imagined she was.  Being in this man’s arms, the power of his presence filling her so deeply was a drug.  She’d craved this drug for three whole years.  Now that he was free, she was not about to let go.  She was in love with him, she thought as they kissed.  She was not going to let him go this time.
Aware that the plane was about to take off, Robbie walked her back until they reached the door that opened into a bedroom.  He would spend the entire flight in it with Marjorie.  Everything else could just disappear.

*****

Sleep was getting harder, Zoe thought as she strolled along the beach at dawn on Saturday.  Her feet were bare and the tide washed over them, the cool water soaking the long skirts of her white dress.  Pulling the edges of the warm sweater she wore, she wondered how far this state she was in could last.
Nightmares kept her up in the night, and a broken heart plagued her during the day.  Music was no longer a relief.  She’d often found solace in it, but the notes made her sad for Robbie now.
The breeze blew her hair into her face and she sighed.  Lifting a hand to push it back, she hoped for relief, in whatever shape or form.  She just needed something to tell her that she was doing the right thing.  The past month was filled with moments she’d seriously considered going back to London and trying to explain it all to Robbie, if only to ease the ache in her heart.
But, the thought of discussing Steve Harden chilled her to the bone.  For some reason, talking about him solidified his existence in her life.  Something she just wanted to forget all together.  What he’d done to her..., she shook her head as tears stung her eyes.
It mortified her to know that it still hurt so much even after eight years.
Her personal hell still existed in very many degrees.  She couldn’t imagine having such a painful part of her life shared with anyone else.  Especially the media, the things they would say.  Her actions after that nightmare would be analyzed and judged.  Shivering at the thought, she decided her decision was right.
Her walk took her around to the front of the house where she picked up the dailies.  Strolling up the driveway slowly, she opened up the magazine that she’d found in the mailbox.  It was mostly entertainment news on the local scene.  Athens was a busy city she mused rifling through the pages.  She was about to abandon her perusal when she saw the picture.
It was center page, the picture glossy and full length.  Robbie McClaire, the love of her life, was wrapped around a red head with legs that started at her neck.  Slapping the magazine shut, she stalked up the stairs into the house.

****

“What’s the problem?” Thad asked his wife; when he came down to find Athena pacing in the dining room.  She looked so worried; he thought something had happened to Zan.
“She won’t open the door,” Athena despaired.  “She’s been crying in there non-stop.  I can’t take it.”
“Calm down, pethi mou,” Thaddeus soothed.  “What’s happened?  Something must have happened.”
“How do I know when she won’t talk to anyone?” Athena asked pointing a finger upstairs.  “She’s breaking apart now.  Keeping quiet is not helping her.”
“Mamma,” Zan said from the doorway.
Athena’s voice was raised, and realizing that he was scared, she cursed under her breath and hurried over to her son and picked him up.
Thad realized then that the boy was getting heavy for her slender frame.  He watched her shower Zan’s face with kisses.
“Don’t pay attention to your mamma.”  Athena soothed Zan, sitting him on the table. “I’m fine.”
“Did Papa do something bad?” Zan asked glancing accusingly at his father.
“No.” Athena hugged him against her bosom.  “Mamma is just upset with the world.”
“The world,” Zan said in amusement.  “Papa, will you make Mamma put a coin in my swear jar?  She used a bad word earlier.”
Thad smiled at his son and moved to hug them both.
“I’ll do that son,” Thaddeus said dropping a kiss on Zan’s head.  “Take care of Mamma while I go check on Zoe.”
“Okay,” Zan said.
Thaddeus nodded and dropped a kiss on Athena’s forehead before he left.
Walking up the stairs, Thaddeus realized that no music was coming from the second floor.  The silence scared him and he found himself hurrying to the door Athena had just spent the morning knocking on.  Could Kenny have been right?  He refused to think about the possibility.
He didn’t bother to knock.  He knew she wouldn’t open it.  Instead, he reached for a master key that was attached to his car keys and opened the door.
Walking through the living area, he entered the darkened bedroom.  As usual it was a mess but that hardly mattered.  His main concern was the figure huddled on the floor by the piano, her long hair covering her face.
“Leave me alone,” she said not lifting her head.
“Athena is worried sick about you,” Thaddeus said coming to crouch before her.  Reaching out, he pushed the dark hair out of her face.  Her eyes were swollen from crying, her cheeks streaked with the tears.  “Tell me why you’re mourning now.  It’s been three months since you left him.”
“It’s not important,” Zoe said trying to shrug it off.  Her voice was rough with emotion.
“Don’t do that.” Thaddeus sighed, sitting down on the carpet cross legged.
That’s when he noticed the magazine beside her.  The pages opened to a center page picture.  Reaching for it, his eyes narrowed when he saw McClaire.  So the boy was done, he thought sadly. He’d rather hoped the young man would have more fight in him for his niece.  He’d needed Robbie McClaire to be persistent.
Tossing the magazine away, he said, “You don’t need him.  He can do nothing for you now if he is done.  Snap out of this now.”
“I can’t.” Zoe sobbed, shaking her head.  “I’ve tried.  It was working before because we were both alone, but now—
She wiped tears away.  “It hurts too much.  The music makes it hurt more.  It just hurts.”
“Come here,” Thaddeus said pulling her into his arms, her head against his chest as he held her tightly.  It was surprising to realize that she was still so fragile.  It was as though he was holding his sixteen year old niece again.
“You’ll get over him.  Things will get easier,” he said gently.  “You’ll move on.”
“I love him so much,” Zoe confessed.  “I hate to lose him.  I know I hurt him, but I can’t let him go.”
“You don’t need him.” Thaddeus repeated again.  “What’s done is done.  Now, concentrate on getting better.  Talk to Sylvia, find something to keep you busy, I think it’s better when you’re not idle.”
Brushing his fingers through her hair, Thaddeus rocked her gently.  “I don’t like to see you sad, Zoella.  I never have.  Won’t you tell me what’s making you this way?”
“I really want to sometime,” Zoe said closing her eyes.  “But—
She paused. “You’ve helped me get this far.  Now—
“You want to help yourself.”  Thaddeus finished.  “You realize you’re punishing yourself this way.”
“There’s no reward without pain,” Zoe said with a little chuckle.  Pulling back she looked into her uncle’s eyes.  “I’m going to be okay.”
“You could have fooled me,” Thaddeus said, wiping her cheeks with his palms.  There were shadows under her eyes, she was obviously not sleeping. 
Zoe looked at his tailored grey suit and sighed.  “Your suit is getting wrinkled.”
“Due to your need to mope, sweetheart, try and get some sun, your skin looks so pale.  Stop scaring Athena.  You have her cursing and getting her fined by Zan.”
“That does sound scary,” Zoe said on a sigh, “fine.”
“Good.  Now come with me, we can have breakfast,” Thaddeus said standing up and pulling her up along with him.  
“I—
“Now, Zoella,” Thaddeus said firmly, giving her no room to protest.  “Breakfast is in Alain’s kitchen.”

****

Gabriella Castille walked into the Davenly Corporation offices on Monday morning determined to get a few answers.  She’d spent the past two months acting as though Zoe’s problems didn’t matter but she couldn’t stand by anymore. Especially after that photograph she’d seen in the dailies of McClaire with another woman.
Her daughter might be estranged but she wasn’t about to see her hurt by a drugged boozing bastard either.  The only person allowed to fight with Zoella was her mother.  
Nodding to herself at that thought, she was glad to see the receptionist at the front desk rushing around when she saw her.
“Signora Castille,” the young lady said.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t realize you were expected today.  I must call upstairs for you.”
“Tell me, young lady, you must be new,” Gabriella said her head held high as she continued heading for the elevators.  “How long have you worked here?”
“A month madam,” the young lady said.
“I’ll be kind then,” Gabriella said as the elevator doors opened. “I don’t need to be announced.  Now run along.”
The young lady stopped in her tracks and stared as the elevator doors closed.  Laughing to herself in the elevator, Gabriella adjusted her hand bag and watched the numbers change on the elevator.

*****

Kenny was at the worktable by the large windows in his office busy inspecting plans that were meant for a Mykonos project.  His architect had brought them in the morning and he wanted to go through them slowly.  Everything had to be perfect; he didn’t want any problems when construction began.
He was studying the underground parking lot when the door opened to admit Gabriella.  Hiding a sigh, he smiled.
“Mother, hello,” he said.
“You hide irritation well,” Gabriella said accepting a kiss on her cheek before she moved around the desk to sit on his chair.  “What are you working on?”
“I’m going through plans that arrived today.  I need to approve them by the end of the day,” Kenny said, studying his mother in-law.
She looked regal as always.  He’d always imagined her as a woman who didn’t take anything lying down.  She was hard and very set in her ways when it suited her.  Other times, she surprised people with decisions they didn’t expect.  He’d known her for close to ten years now.  He still didn’t understand her at all.
“Mother, what do you need from me?” he asked straightening up.  He would study the plans after she was gone.
“Must I need something to visit you, son in-law?” Gabriella countered swiveling the seat of power slowly.
She’d admired Kenny’s ability to be in control at all times.  His strength and power clung to him like a cloak.  It was an honor to her to introduce him to her friends as a son.  She was sure Alexis would approve of him too.  Her relationship with him was a marvel to her, considering the fact that Kenny remained Zoella’s confidant.
“You only visit my office when you’re worried,” Kenny said quietly.  “I’m guessing it’s not Jessica.  She and I have been okay.  So, who is it?”
“Zoella,” Gabriella answered going straight to the point.  Things were always better that way.  “I want to talk to her.”
“I can’t help you,” Kenny said his answer came fast, making Gabriella blink in surprise.
“What do you mean by that?” Gabriella asked.  “You’re her best friend.  The person she tells everything.  You must help me talk to her.  Kenny, this is not a petty issue.  I am genuinely concerned about my daughter.”
“Then call Thaddeus.  She’s in Athens,” Kenny said moving away from the worktable to sit on one of the arm chairs set in front of his desk.
“You know how that man gets.  He and I agree on nothing concerning Zoella,” Gabriella protested leaning forward on the desk.
“I suppose then you’re going to be disappointed,” Kenny said. “Zoe and I haven’t spoken in a while.  I saw her last the night we arrived in London, that is four months ago.”
“But Kenny,” Gabriella said in shock, it worried her to hear that.
“Don’t be alarmed.  I’m sure she’s okay.  Though I would have preferred she do it kindly, we seem to have broken up.”
“That’s why you and Jess are having such a wonderful time.”  Gabriella guessed not sure how she should feel about this. 
She’d seen them at the town house for dinner several times in the past two months.  Their relationship seemed to be mending.  A love that had seemed sour was rekindled.  They were a picture of happiness.
Lovely, Gabriella thought, now what?
“I’m happy for both of you,” Gabriella said.  “It is surprising Zoella has taken such a step.  It’s obvious she was trying to give you an opportunity to fix your marriage.  Otherwise she would have called on you.  You do see that, right?”
“What do you want from me?” Kenny asked meeting her unwavering gaze.  “Have you ever seen a woman deliberately destroy her relationships so easily?  I’ve been to Athens, I begged Thaddeus to let me see her.  She didn’t call me even after that.”
“You’re sulking.”  Gabriella mused.
“Oh yes I am.  I thought our friendship was worth a whole lot more than she’s treating it.”
“You’re smarter than that,” Gabriella said, getting up from her seat.  Moving around the walnut desk, she pulled out a paper from her handbag and handed it to him.  “Read this and tell me we don’t have a problem brewing in Athens right now.”
Kenny took the paper and cursed under his breath when he saw the picture of Robbie and his ex-girlfriend Marjorie.
“He’s rebounding.”
“Yeah, good for him, what do you think Zoe is doing?” Gabriella asked.  “I know her.  She has invested everything in Robbie.  This is destroying her.  I know her well enough to understand that.  This could be Paris again.  I don’t want a repeat of that incident.”
“You don’t think—,” Kenny started to say.
“What happened in Paris?” Jessica interrupted him from the doorway.  
Gabriella and Kenny both looked up in surprise.  They hadn’t heard her come in.
“Jess, hi.” Kenny stood to greet her.
Dropping the paper he held on the coffee table, he strode over to her and hugged her.  She allowed it but she kept up her questioning.
“It’s not the first time I’ve heard that statement.  Danny stormed off during dinner about Paris,” Jessica said.
Walking past Kenny, she placed her handbag on the coffee table and picked up the newspaper clipping Kenny had dropped there.
“I can’t believe this.”
“He’s trying to move on.” Kenny defended his friend.
“Don’t,” Jessica said dropping the paper on the coffee table.  “He should do it discreetly.  He shouldn’t treat my sister this way.  Now tell me why you’re all worried about an incident in Paris.”
“What do you mean you don’t know about Paris?” Kenny asked his gaze on Jessica and the confused expression she wore.
She wore a red dress that hugged her body to perfection.  Her blond hair was growing longer.  It was held in a neat pony tail today.  She looked beautiful.
“You were in Paris, Jess,” Kenny said.
“Are you talking about the time I went to see Zoe?” Jessica asked.  “Coz, all we did was argued.  She was really messed up those days.”
Kenny stared at his wife, and then turned to Gabriella.  “You didn’t tell her?”
Jessica turned to look at her mother.  “Tell me what?  What is it?  I already said I don’t want to be in the dark anymore.  Will someone please say something?”
Kenny moved then, gripping Jessica’s arm to make sure she was looking at him.  “Do you want to tell me that in six years you haven’t known what happened in Paris?”
“Yes,” Jessica said with a nod, staring at her husband when he let her go.
Gabriella hadn’t planned on this being such a difficult day.  It was clearly bordering on epic if she was going to discuss Paris.  Refusing to meet her daughter’s gaze, she headed for the bar area instead.  Kenny wiped a hand down his face.
“May be it is better if you don’t know,” Kenny said.
“I agree.” Gabriella seconded, tossing back a shot of brandy.
“No,” Jessica said firmly, to her husband she ordered.  “Tell me now or I’m calling Danny and getting it from him.”
Kenny stared at her, and then because he knew Jessica was relentless, he urged her to sit down in the arm chair he’d vacated.
“Jessica.”
“Kenny.”
“This isn’t easy to say,” he started.
“Just say it, you’re making me nervous.”
Swallowing hard, Kenny looked over Jessica’s head at Gabriella.  Her mother had poured another shot of brandy.  She tossed it back and he sighed.  He was obviously going to be the one to tell Jessica.
“Kenny?” Jessica prompted him.
Closing his eyes, Kenny crouched before his wife.  Taking her hands, he squeezed them in his gently before he opened his eyes and met worried blue ones.
“Zoe attempted suicide in Paris, Jess.  She was found by her bodyguard in the tub bleeding to death.”
For a moment, Jessica sat still trying to understand the words Kenny had just spoken.  The enormity of what he was saying didn’t seem to make sense.  And then it did.  She gasped in shock, tears stung her eyes and she pushed Kenny away to stand up.
Shaking her head, she asked, “What, W- How? God…”
Gabriella came to where she stood and pressed a glass into her hands.  She made sure Jessica tossed back the drink and watched as the girl winced when the brandy went down.  Jessica could hardly breathe at the picture she was conjuring.
Her sister, her little sister, no wonder Danny was so angry.  What had he said?
Pay attention to what’s happening, before I lose a sister.
Why had he asked when she’d gone to Paris?
Her gaze flew to Kenny’s.  “Tell me why.”
“Jess—
“Tell me, Kenny, I need to know.”
Gabriella saved him.  “It was what I send you to tell her that triggered it.”
Jessica’s eyes widened in horror, her heart squeezing in actual pain, she’d never have wanted to do that to her sister, never in her entire life.  She shook her head in denial at the thought of the scene that had ensued that day.  She hadn’t been nice.  The tears came unheeded.  
Kenny hurried to embrace her tightly, trying to offer comfort where no one but Zoe could.

****

“I want to know what happened,” Jessica said when they were all calmer and seated in the comfortable chairs in Kenny’s office.  He’d asked his secretary to bring in some coffee and they now sat each with a steaming cup.
“Why do you want to torture yourself this way?” Kenny asked.
“Regardless of popular opinion, I do love Zoe,” Jessica replied.  “She’s been through so much, and I never helped her once.  I want to know what happened.”
“Jessica.” Gabriella started.
“Don’t Mamma.  You of all people should have told me.  You shouldn’t have let me stay in the dark this long.  How I’ve acted toward Zoe has greatly been dictated by what happened that day.  I’ve been horrible,” Jessica said in horror.  “I need to know.  Why was Zoe living in Paris anyway?”
Meeting Gabriella’s gaze, Kenny decided to tell her.
“She moved there to try and pick up her life.  She’d spent so much time being a recluse in Aledeus, that Thad and Athena worried she might not be able to enter normal society.  So, Athena proposed living with her in Paris, where she could go to school finishing her music degree.  Thaddeus agreed only if they had bodyguards with them.”
Running a hand through his hair, not sure he wanted to remember the gory details.
“She started playing her music in underground clubs.  People loved it, and her popularity increased like wildfire.  Athena was so excited that Zoe was beginning to live a little, so she started arranging the gigs for her.  Athena handled it all, and soon it became huge, there were ticket sales, PR coverage, and everything that comes with a music career.  Zoe started gaining some confidence, but only on stage.”
“When it came to everyday life, she couldn’t handle the streets.  Too many people scared her and she gets these anxiety attacks.  Athena was hoping the increasing confidence would spill over to her everyday life.  In all the excitement of the new Zoe, Athena allowed someone to do an article on her.”
Gabriella closed her eyes remembering how upset she’d been that her daughter was not attending Oxford.
“That’s when I went to Paris,” Jessica said quietly.
She hadn’t been happy about it.  Having to detour to Paris to talk to her errant sister had sounded so annoying.  When she’d ended up having to go through four equally annoying bodyguards to talk to Zoe, she’d completely lost control.
“I wasn’t nice.  I yelled at her bitterly, and some of the things I said were uncalled for.”
“I know,” Kenny said.
“She told me.”  He elaborated at her questioning frown.  
“I must have sounded like a bitch,” Jessica said guiltily.  “I was angry.”
“To someone else, it would have never been a problem.  You were talking to her like you’d talk to Christy or anyone else out there,” Kenny said trying to explain, reaching over his arm chair to hers, he laced her fingers with his.
Jessica shook her head and stared down at the hand holding hers.
“I could have been nice about it.  I am older.  I remember telling her that she’d never be a Castille.  Castilles valued their heritage and what it stood for, and she was shaming us all by choosing another path.”
“I’d said that it was either college or she’d have to drop the Castille name.” Gabriella finished solemnly.
Kenny winced at the words.  Zoe had been devastated by them.  She’d been hysterical when she’d called him. 
“Your message shook her.  Music isn’t something she can stop.  She needs it.  She needed it then.  Her last name was her identity; she needed that too considering what she’d been through.  But with your message, she made the choice.”
“She chose the music,” Jessica said. “So she dropped the name and became Zoella Mya.”
“It was difficult.  I can’t explain it,” Kenny said trying to put into words what kind of struggle Zoe had been going through wasn’t easy.  “Things weren’t going so well and Thaddeus wanted to return her to Aledeus.  But it would mean giving up the stage and Zoe wouldn’t allow it.  To prove herself, she ended up going to a convenience store for shopping.  She was trying to show that she could take care of herself.  Athena and Thad had gone for a meeting so she sneaked past her bodyguards and went alone.  On her way back, she ran into a group of rowdy boys who picked on her.  It was harmless, but I imagine she saw it differently.  When someone bumped into her and jostled her away, the fear came back in a rush.  Suddenly, everyone on the street was the enemy.  By the time she got home, she was sick with anxiety.  Zoe literally gets nauseous.  So she locked herself in the bathroom.  Her bodyguard, Franco—
“Do you mean the Franco Antonio she’s apparently seeing?” Jessica asked in surprise.
“He is not her boyfriend.  He is just a man who would do anything for her.  He is the one who found her.  He got worried when she didn’t come out of the bathroom, so he broke down the door and found her in the tub.  Her wrists were slashed with a razor blade.  Had he waited longer, he would never have been able to save her.”
Kenny bent his head and closed his eyes at the memory of how lost Zoe had looked in that hospital bed.
“It was the worst moment in my life,” Kenny said hoarsely.  “I didn’t know what to say to help.  I was so scared.”
Jessica felt tears slide down her cheeks.  She hadn’t been there.  She hadn’t known.
“What do you say?  Live Zoe?” Kenny asked.  “I felt as lost as she was.  Since that day it’s been a struggle for the next day.”
Gabriella stood up and paced to the windows her shoulders stiff.  “Athena banned us from seeing Zoe.  She stopped all communication with us.  I just assumed she was being a bitch because she was marrying Thaddeus.”
“Your condemning Zoe for her career was destroying her.  It was a fight to keep Zoe alive.  Do you know she was being forced to eat every day?  No one wanted to stop and contemplate what those who weren’t there were thinking,” Kenny said.  “Jess, you two had just argued and Gabby wanted the Castille name off the entertainment news.  Would you have listened then?”
Jessica moved from her seat and went to hug her husband.  He wrapped his arms around her to steady himself.  The memories were hard to remember.  He had practically lived in the private hospital, alongside Athena and Thaddeus.  He could still remember how scared Zoe had been when she realized how low she’d gotten.
“Zoe must hate us,” Jessica said against Kenny’s chest.  “I would.”
“On the contrary,” Kenny said.  “She cares so much about her family.  I know you might not see it, but the rest of us do.” 
“We barely talk civilly to each other.” Gabriella pointed out.  “Each time, I feel like I’m going into battle with her.”
“You and Zoe have major issues to clear up,” Kenny commented.  “I think there should probably be a bomb squad when you two talk.”
Gabriella sobbed at that one, and shook her head at the window; there was nothing funny about that.  It hurt her to know that she was not the one Zoe relied on when things got bad.
“I must have sounded like an idiot, insisting time and again that—
“No.”  Kenny interrupted Jessica, rubbing her back.  “It was tiresome, but justified.  I made a promise to Zoe.  No matter what, I’d never tell what she was going through.  She didn’t want it to affect anyone’s life.”
“Then why have you told us,” Gabriella asked turning to glance at Kenny.
“Because—
Kenny stopped and Jessica pulled back from him, her gaze studying his face.  She cupped his jaw with her slender hand then stood up.
“You are afraid it will happen again,” Jessica said quietly.  “Was that why Uncle Thad got so upset with you when you mentioned Paris?”
“I love Zoe very much, and this thing she is doing now is not normal.  She needs her family.  I can feel it,” Kenny said on a sigh.
“But, Thaddeus has her.  Are you sure?” Gabriella frowned.
“You’re the one who came to ask me what I’m doing about her.  This is the best I can do for her.  I don’t know what the problem is.  It kills me not knowing, because I speculate a lot.  What I do know is that the trouble brewing will need the Castilles to be reconciled with Zoe.  There is no way Zoe would seclude herself this way for little problems.”
“Then we will go to Athens,” Jessica said firmly, the truth was she wanted to see her sister again.  She wanted to see for herself that Zoe was alright and that nothing would hurt her.
“Love, you have to remember that she’s not asking for help.  Things won’t change overnight,” Kenny said.
“I’m willing to try,” Jessica said passionately.
“Will you help?” Gabriella asked.  “She listens to you.”
Kenny groaned.  “It won’t be easy.  She won’t even call me.”
“Nothing is ever easy,” Gabriella said with a smile.  “I suggest you clear your schedules.  The family is going on vacation to Athens.  I’ll call Danny.”
Gabriella reached for her bag on Kenny’s desk and pulled out a cell phone.  “I’ll see you at the townhouse later, dinner is at seven o’clock.”
She left the office in a hurry leaving Jessica and Kenny to stare at each other.
“This will be a disaster.”  Kenny sighed as he stood up.
“Hey, stop that,” Jessica said moving to hug him.  “I’m not going to let you worry about this.”
“I’m telling you this won’t be easy,” Kenny said burying his face in to her shoulder.
Jessica pulled back and made him look at her. Caressing his jaw, she said, “We’ll have you.” 
Leaning up on her tip toes she pressed a soft kiss to his lips.  After a moment, he wrapped his arms around her waist and held her closer as he deepened the kiss.

****

Chagrin falls, Ohio

“No word.  I’m sure the letter was delivered Julia.  I do believe she’s ignoring it,” Sandra Carpenter said into the phone, her gaze on the calendar on her desk.  “It’s only July, but it would be good to know if we’re in hot water or not.”
“I guess I need to make that call now,” Julia Girgorio said warily.
“Yes,” Sandra said.  “It will make things easier.”
“Alright,” Julia hung up after a few moments and sat staring at her living room for a moment.
Outside the sun blazed in full summer.  London was a full five hours ahead.  It was around ten in the morning in Ohio, she wondered if she’d be disturbing Gabriella.  Just thinking about it had her shaking a bit from nerves.  It was almost a decade since she’d talked to her sister.
There were so many emotions still raw between them despite the distance.  None of them had tried to break the silence and bridge their differences.  When Thaddeus Castille had packed Zoe up and out of her house, so much had been severed to the point that Gabriella had also left the country.
“How does a person break such a silence?” Julia wondered aloud.
Picking up the phone, she dialed the number Sandra had given her.
Her heart beating madly, she listened as it rang twice then a decidedly British voice answered, “Castille townhouse,”
“H-hello,” Julia swallowed hard, trying to keep her courage.  “My name is Julia Girgorio.  I am looking for Signora Gabriella Castille.  Is she available?”
“I am sorry, Mrs. Castille is not in.” The answer came and Julia’s heart plummeted, “Would you like to speak to Mr. Castille instead?”
“Yes.” Julia answered quickly.  Mr. Castille would be Danny, she thought.
“Very well, please wait a moment.”
Sighing, Julia glanced at the clock.  The kids were at the neighbor’s house in the pool.  Hopefully they’d be a while before they came back in search of snacks.  The waiting felt like hours.  Julia couldn’t help grimacing at the cost the call was going to incur.
“Danny Castille.”  He sounded distracted and so grown up.
“Danny, how are you,” Julia said. “It’s your Aunt Julia.”
There was a short silence on the other side and for a moment Julia was afraid he’d hung up on her.  She breathed out in relief when he spoke.
“Tia Julia, this is a surprise.  Are you alright?  Is something wrong?”
“No, nothing’s wrong,” Julia soothed.  “How’s everyone?”
“Everyone is fine,” Danny replied.  “They’re all keeping busy, how about you?”
“The twins are growing.  We’re good,” Julia said.
This was harder than she’d thought.
“That’s good, Tia Julia.” 
The title made Julia smile; Gabriella had trained her children well.
“Well, I don’t know how else to tell you.  I was hoping to talk to Gabby but she’s not in.”
“Yes, Mamma is out doing errands,” Danny offered.  “How can I be of help?”
Julia sighed.
“It’s Steve.  He’s getting released in November.  There’s a hearing on the fifteenth of November after which he’ll be out on Parole.  Sandra Carpenter, remember her?”
Danny was silent on his end, so Julia continued.
“Anyway, she says that if Zoe testifies that it will stop his parole.  She sent a letter to Zoe actually.  I’m calling to find out what she’s decided.”
“How long ago was that letter sent?” Danny asked, clearing his throat.
“Four months ago.  It was in April.  Right when we found out,” Julia answered.  “I’m sorry about this.  I wouldn’t have called if Zoe had answered the letter.”
“Are you tied up with anything at the moment?” Danny said then.
Julia frowned.  “What do you mean?”
“I think it would be better if you came to London,” Danny said.
Julia gasped.  She had children and a business what was the matter with her nephew?
“Look—
“Your problem with Steve is more complex than you imagine.” Danny cut in.  “It can’t be solved on the phone.  I’m guessing you want Steve behind bars as much as the rest of us.”
“Yes,” Julia said quietly.
“Come to London.  I’ll send the jet to pick you up in New York.  Bring the twins; I’m sure you’ve got managers who can handle your bookstores.  I’ll hand you back to the butler; he’ll take care of all the details.  I’ll see you soon.”
Julia sat in surprised shock for the next fifteen minutes as the Castille butler took the details she provided.  Afterwards, she sat wondering how Danny had known she owned bookstores and thinking it unbelievable that they would all be in London soon.  She had a lot of explaining to do with the twins.

*****
Chapter Ten

“I have a solution for every problem,” Sylvia Hellinski said to Zoe.
It was Tuesday morning. They were in Sylvia’s office where Zoe was reclined on a chaise staring at the painting on the ceiling and Sylvia sat on a comfortable armchair studying her patient.
Well, the patient/doctor relationship blurred when it came to Zoe, Sylvia thought with a frown.
They’d been together for eight years now.  Zoe was the reason Sylvia had moved to Athens.  She’d been hired by Thaddeus then to take care of Zoe.  Now, Sylvia lived and practiced psychiatry in the city, and Zoe was like a daughter to her.  It was fascinating how much she cared for the child.
“You’ve been quiet all morning,” Sylvia accused.  “What’s bothering you?”
“Nothing,” Zoe answered in Greek, a fact that made Sylvia frown.
“You’ve decided to revert back to family roots.  Why not speak English.  It’s perfectly fine.”
“I don’t feel like it,” Zoe replied.
“Ah, we’re hiding,” Sylvia said.  “What has happened between Friday and Monday?”
“Why should something have happened?”
“Yesterday, you were quiet too.  We didn’t talk much,” Sylvia said.  “Today it’s the same.  It’s Tuesday.  I can’t imagine why you’ve suddenly decided you won’t talk.  Is it Robbie?”
There was no answer to that.  Sylvia scribbled on her note pad. “He’s been quite the news lately. Did you call him?”
“You know damn well the last time I talked to him, he hated me,” Zoe said.
“Hmm…” Sylvia smiled.  “You still feel he hates you.”
“You weren’t there.  You didn’t see how he looked at me,” Zoe said.
“Fine, how about this, four months away from your life.  How do you feel?”
“Marvelous.”
“Obviously that’s why you’re lying on that chaise and I’m sitting here,” Sylvia said. “It’s okay to express your feelings.  I won’t tell anyone.”
“What more do you want to hear?” Zoe snapped.  “I’m miserable!”
“Edgy and cranky,” Sylvia observed making a show of writing on her pad.  “Could be feeling insecure—
“Stop it!” Zoe said sitting up, her dark eyes glaring at Sylvia.  “You don’t have a solution for this one.  No one does.”
“What is the problem?  So far I can’t see any.  If you asked me, you’re just being an idiot, running away from a perfectly good life and a sexy man who loves you.  You’re crazy,” Sylvia said.  “You’re still wearing his ring, you know.”
“What ring?” Zoe demanded waving her left hand at Sylvia.  “I gave it back.”
“That’s not the ring I’m talking about.” Sylvia nodded to her other hand.  
Zoe stared down at her right hand in surprise.  She hadn’t thought about it.  It didn’t seem possible to be without it.  On her right hand, she still wore a promise ring with an R and a Z intertwined in an intricate design of emeralds.  Robbie had given it to her in Paris.  He owned one too.  She hadn’t thought to remove it, because....
How could she take it off when she still loved him?
“Talk to me,” Sylvia said when she noted Zoe’s panicked expression.
Zoe got off the chaise.  She put her hands into her tight jean pockets, and strolled to the windows.
Athens was just like any other city.  Crowded, loud, congested traffic jam, it seemed strange to imagine that this place was so old.  The city of ancient history, mythical gods and amazing empires, all of that greatness was history now, to be read in books.
When would her past become history, she wondered.  She desperately wanted it to be history so that she could move on, have a life and love with all her heart.  She wanted to be without fear.
“Steve Harden is up for parole.” Zoe heard herself say into the silence.  “If I don’t show up for the hearing on November fifteen, he’ll be out.”
“Sweetheart,” Sylvia dumped her writing pad on the stool beside her and got up to stride to Zoe.  Without hesitation, she pulled the girl into a hug.
“Who else knows?”
“No one,” Zoe answered, her voice muffled against Sylvia’s shoulder.  “I haven’t told anyone except you.  They’re all happy, Sylvia.  Uncle Thad, Aunt Athena, Kenny, the nightmare is over for them.  This is—
“A burden you can share with them,” Sylvia said gently.  “You don’t have to do it alone.  I’m sure Kenny won’t mind taking you to Ohio for the hearing.”
“But I can’t,” Zoe said in panic.
Pulling away from Sylvia, she pushed her hair back from her face.
“I can’t be in the same room as that monster.  Not again, not ever.  He-he still scares me.  I-I c-can’t.  I-in my dreams, I-I’m not able to escape him.”
“Breathe.” Sylvia urged, when Zoe started hyperventilating.  “Breathe, relax, no one will take you there.”
Sylvia sighed as she helped Zoe take control again.
“What if we keep talking about it for a while?  You may change your mind by the time November comes.” Sylvia suggested with caution.  “It could be you are trying to work through your panic at the possibility of having to face him.”
“Panic cannot begin to describe what I’m feeling.  I can’t even think about it,” Zoe said shakily, she clenched her fingers to control her fear.  “I can’t breathe.”
“Alright,” Sylvia soothed, “one step at a time.  Let’s change the subject back to Robbie.  What about him?  Is that why you let him go?”
“He doesn’t love me,” Zoe said with a shrug, going to lie on the chaise again.
“That’s ridiculous.  He does love you.  He is punching reporters because of you.” Sylvia scoffed staring at Zoe as though she’d grown two heads.
“You misunderstand.  I’m saying Robbie loves Zoella Mya, the girl who has it all, the normal one, and the one without a past.  He is in love with a woman who is no longer there.”
“You are getting complicated now.  Love is very simple,” Sylvia said.
“Is it?” Zoe demanded.  “If it was wouldn’t I still be hanging out with my own family?  Gabriella Castille wouldn’t treat me like a leper.  I’m damaged goods, I know that well enough.”
Shaking her head, Zoe sighed.
“Besides, if love is so easy, why haven’t you married?  You’re almost thirty-five.”
“I haven’t found him yet.” Sylvia defended with a grin.  “Unlike you, pixie, your soul mate happens to be a very gorgeous Irish hunk.  He loves you.”
“He loves Zoella Mya,” Zoe said bitterly.  “He wouldn’t spare time for a certifiable nut with anxiety problems and nightmarish memories.”
“That’s because you never gave him a chance to try.” Sylvia chastised.  “How do you make judgment on something you haven’t tried?   You’re being selfish making the decision for Robbie.”
“Logic doesn’t count in this,” Zoe said refusing to examine Sylvia’s comment.  “Besides, what’s done is done.  I have to live with the consequences now.  Robbie has already moved on.  You’re supposed to be helping me move on.”
“Ah,” Sylvia said, finally putting it together.  “You’re hoping to make everyone forget the big scandal, jump it all and go back to your days when you were an obscure classical musician.”
“You scare me,” Zoe said, staring at the painting on the ceiling.
“I’m paid to decipher things,” Sylvia said moving around her office mulling over the fact that Zoe hadn’t refused the assessment.  “You’ll certainly make Chris Stone happy working so much again.”
“It will benefit both of us,” Zoe said.  “This is the best I can do right now.  I haven’t told anyone because I know they’ll want me to go for that hearing.  I can’t do it.  I know it.”
“What can I say?” Sylvia sighed.  “Promise to tell me if you need help.  And Zoe, when the anxiety gets too hard to handle, stop and breathe, alright.”
Zoe nodded. “I gotta go.”
Sylvia nodded. “Be strong, love.”

*****

Once Zoe left, Sylvia sat behind her desk thinking about Zoe’s problem.  Sometimes justice was served in peculiar ways, she thought.  If it were up to her, Steve Harden would rot in jail forever.
Why would they let him out?
Sighing, she thought about the first time she’d met Zoe Castille.
She’d been working at the Lake West hospital in Cleveland.  She’d been fresh out of medical school, and was working the psychiatric ward.  At around twelve in the night, she’d been getting files from the emergency room when the ambulance came.
A frenzied staff had rushed over to help the fifteen year old female victim of an assault and rape.  The girl was covered in cuts and bruises; it was obvious she’d fought valiantly against her attacker.  The deep cuts on her wrists, ribs and legs had made her lose a lot of blood.  She was unconscious and in five minutes, she’d gone into cardiac arrest.  Tensions were high as the staff fought to save her.  Sylvia had known that it was because they were all feeling she needed to survive, so that the person who’d caused her this much pain could pay.
Once they’d stabilized her, the girl was sent up to the I.C.U where the vigilant nurses and doctors watched over her.  That was when the attending physician had assigned her the case.
“If and when she recovers, she’s going to need a lot of help.  No one survives that kind of attack and is okay.  I don’t have to remind you that this is a high profile patient.  Her mother is some rich mogul; the uncle is a prominent prosecutor.  You’re going to need to be firm.”
“Yes doctor.” Sylvia had said.
For a week, the young girl had remained unconscious, mainly because she’d sustained a concussion in the assault.  By the time the second week began, Sylvia had been eager to meet her patient.  She came in one afternoon to check on her and was about to leave when the girl sat up, eyes wide.  She started trying to get out of bed, whimpering at the pain her injuries caused her.
“Shh…” Sylvia hurried to her, reaching for the bruised hands.
“Let me go.  Please, he’s coming for me.”  The plea came in a sob; she kept fighting Sylvia.  “He’s coming.  You-you have to help me.”
Sylvia leaned in so that frantic eyes were looking into her own green ones.  In a soothing voice, she said, “you’re safe now.  Okay, you’re safe.  I’ve got you.”
Tears slid down that battered face at the words, it was obvious she wanted to believe Sylvia.
“He kept coming no matter- no matter- how-much—
“Shh...You don’t have to worry about that anymore.  I’ve got you alright.  Do you understand me?”
When the girl looked around, uncertain, Sylvia said, “You’re in hospital.  There are many people around, nothing will happen to you here.”
“No one came when I called.” The answer came to that, dark eyes closing tiredly.  “I called and called.”
“I promise you’ll be safe here.  I’ll hear when you call.”
“Don’t leave me,” the girl said quietly.  “Please.”
Sylvia blinked back tears as she carefully unclenched the bruised fingers holding a sheet and held them gently in her own.  Why anyone would do such a thing to this beautiful girl.  The slender fingers trembled a bit and she chafed them gently trying to soothe.  Her gaze moved to the bruised face and the tangled hair spread on the pillow.  Anger at whoever had done it rose inside her and she’d needed to let go of the bruised fingers before she hurt them.
Wiping tears away, she’d moved away from the bed and turned to find the attending physician watching her.
The recovery had been more difficult than any of them imagined.  Sylvia sighed at how low they had gotten and the many highs that had promised change.  She wouldn’t tell Thaddeus about this latest news.  This one would come from Zoe.

****
On the drive back to the villa, Zoe stared out the window at the passing scenery her mind numb.  Some times thinking could be exhausting.  Figuring things out that were so screwed up was tiring.  It was better to be numb and just take in the world as it was.  A familiar building came in to view and Zoe asked,
“Tony, will you stop in here for a moment.”
“Sure.” Tony turned the car into the parking lot fast.
Zoe smiled as she read the sign at the entrance.  It said Athens Music School.  She’d spend a lot of time in this place.  She’d played music in the large auditoriums that were so old the acoustics were incredible.  She’d given concerts when she’d first started out.
Getting out of the car, she smiled at Tony before she looked up at the imposing building.  This place held great memories for her.
Tony handed her a cap and a pair of reading glasses.  Once she’d pulled them on, they started for the entrance.  Hands in her pockets, Zoe looked around the front lawn.  Students sat in groups talking, others rushing about in urgency.  Music filled the air in a clash of singing and musical instruments.  The school was full of creative energy. A smile flitted on Zoe’s lips when a clown rushed passed them.
Entering the building, Zoe had to step aside as three girls went by her animatedly discussing a piece by Beethoven.  Staring after them, she felt saddened by the fact that she’d never really made solid friends in this place.  She’d been too shy then, too broken to let anyone in.
Continuing on, she strolled through the school just listening and absorbing.  Pausing at the door to a secondary auditorium, she listened as an orchestra practiced.
Their sound was good, but unrefined, she thought.
Not like the orchestra she’d passed at the larger auditorium.  This orchestra was playing a variation of a piece based on the devil’s trill.  They were managing to a point, she knew the point would come too as they botched it miserably.
Their conductor erupted in frustration, as to be expected.
It was natural instinct.  She walked into the room, headed for the stage without much thought.
“If you keep screaming at them, they won’t see what you want them to,” she heard herself say in amusement.  “Be gentle.”
The tall man in a white shirt and black pants turned to her in anger.  His dark eyes glinting daggers at the person who dared interrupt such an important session.
“This is a private session.  You’re intruding.”
Thanks to the glasses she was wearing, they didn’t recognize her.  Tony touched her shoulder in assurance before he sat down in a seat close to the stage.  Secure in her safety, she climbed up to where the teacher was on the stage.
“I was just passing by.  I heard you yelling,” she said.
“Hi guys.” She waved to the orchestra.  They waved back with wide grins.
“You are intruding, miss.  You must leave.”
“Stubborn aren’t you,” Zoe said under her breath moving around him.
She was surprised when he grabbed her arm.  Unfortunately for him, Tony moved fast.  He was on the stage before Zoe could say anything.
“Let her go.” Tony ordered menacingly, making the orchestra gape.
The conductor was so surprised by the size of Tony he did so right away.
Stepping back from Zoe, the conductor complained, “She’s the one trespassing.”
“No touching.” Tony maintained, making the conductor frown and the orchestra members glance at each other, murmuring amongst them.
“Don’t mind him,” Zoe said nonchalantly.  “He won’t bite.  Just don’t provoke him.”
The conductor glared at her but was glad to see Tony retreat though not too far.  He went to lean on the wall at the edge of the stage.  Zoe moved to the violin section and smiled at a young woman.
“May I borrow your violin please?”
“Sure.” The young woman gave Zoe the violin.
“Thank you.  I’ll just be a moment.”  To the conductor she said, “Will you allow me to demonstrate?”
“Like I have a choice,” the man grumbled giving Tony a nasty look.
Zoe laughed and turned to the orchestra.
“May be if you hear this, his anger will make sense,” she said, lifting the violin she continued.  “A trill is a rapid alternation of two tones.  Listen.”
Pressing down on the strings with her fingers, the movement natural for her, she passed the bow over the strings making a trill.  She did it again and the orchestra started in surprise. There was no question that she knew what she was talking about.
“Your piece should sound something like this.”
Closing her eyes, she played the violin piece from memory.  The music she’d heard them play alive in her mind and transforming to the violin.  It was a simple piece compared to the real devil’s trill.  Playing the sequence they were having a problem with, she stopped at the end of the score and opened her eyes.
“How?” the conductor gasped.  “You didn’t read the score.”
“It should be like that,” Zoe said embarrassed by the show.
She’d forgotten that people didn’t have imaginative minds like her own.
Returning the violin to the girl, she said, “Emotion is the key in this piece.  Emotion and knowledge make your conductor happy and master your score first.  Otherwise,” she winked, “he’ll keep yelling.”
With a quick wave, she turned to leave the stage grateful that Tony was there to help swing her down.  Hurrying out of the auditorium, she started for the exit.
“Hey, miss!” Someone called behind them.
“Tony, get me out of here.” She begged him.
“Hey,” the voice was too close for comfort.  “Will you stop moving?  I just want to talk.”
“Zoe, he doesn’t seem to recognize you,” Tony said though he kept up the pace to the exit.  “It won’t hurt to talk.”
“It would be a matter of time,” Zoe said with a shake of her head.  What had she been thinking she chastised herself? “I—
“Hey,” the man said appearing in front of her.
She gasped, “How?”
“I have my ways,” he said with a grin.
Looking down, Zoe almost laughed when she saw the skateboard.
“I just want a second of your time.  That is if you’ll hold off the pit bull.”
Zoe, too stunned by the man’s determination hadn’t noticed that she was now standing behind Tony who stood arms crossed staring down the conductor.
“Why should I?  I told you I was sorry for trespassing.”
“Never mind that, I can’t believe you,” the guy said his eyes wide with excitement.  It was too comical; Zoe had to hide a smile on Tony’s shoulder.  “You were amazing.  Who are you?”
“No one, this no one is also leaving, as soon as you get out of the way.  By the way, you’re causing a scene,” Zoe said looking around significantly at the students whose attention was turned to them.
“Never mind them.  I’m going to start begging.  I want you to be coming to the orchestra practices.  Please.  They are so awful, they need help and I think I’ve found it.  You can’t refuse.  You’re not doing anything else, are you?”
Hiding another smile at the enthusiasm, Zoe said, “I’m a very busy person.”
“Very busy,” the man said, “hmm…with enough time to be in AMS in the middle of the day.”
“What’s it to you?  Maybe I had business here.  It’s a music school,” Zoe said mildly.
“Fine, I’m sorry.  Please.  Can’t you make time at all for my lowly students?”
Tony’s shoulders relaxed under her palms.  It was a signal that he approved of the idea.  Taking her hands away from her bodyguard’s shoulders, she sighed.  “What do you think I can do for them that you’re not doing?”
“That stuff about emotion and knowledge it sounded good.”
“You can do that,” Zoe said.
“Not the way you just did it.  Your way seems better,” the guy said.  “I’m desperate.  They have a competition coming and they are not ready.”
Zoe stared at him for a moment.  He really did seem desperate.  Standing there now holding the skateboard, she was surprised to see that he was probably as old as Robbie was.  Twenty- eight or so, dark hair that was not too long fell over his forehead and curled against his neck.  His eyes were brown and very kind.  He was sincere in his request.
“Hmm…” Zoe said moving from behind Tony.  Her hands back in her jean pockets, she sighed.  “I’ll think about it.”
“But—
Zoe raised an eyebrow.  “Tony here will give you the details when I do decide to help.  You’re an interesting man.  I’ll give you that.  If you’ll excuse me now, I have to go.”
The passionate conductor watched as she headed for the exit.  Giving the bodyguard a furtive glance, he was surprised when Tony told him, 
“Tell her your name.  Hurry before she leaves.”
“Demetrius,” he called out after her.  It was really nice when she turned with a smile.  He felt compelled to say his name in full.  “Demetrius Avinoff.”
“I’ll be seeing you,” Tony said to him, hurrying after his charge.
Demetrius was left standing there staring after the strange pair.  What an interesting woman, he thought.  He didn’t even know her name, but she seemed somehow familiar.

*****

“We’ve got a situation,” Danny said the next morning as the family sat down for breakfast.  “Before we all run off to Athens, we’ve got to deal with it.”
“What’s up Danny boy?” Kenny asked, pouring a cup of coffee for Jessica at the side table.
“Quit that,” Danny said.  “I thought I weaned that off you.”
“Never,” Kenny laughed.  “What’s up?”
“Julia Harden is coming to London.  She should be landing any minute now,” Danny said.
“What!” Jessica and Gabriella said in shock.
Danny winced at the expected reaction before he met Kenny’s gaze.  “She says Steve Harden is getting out on parole in November.  They need Zoe to testify to keep him in.”
Kenny forgot the coffee and turned to glare at Danny, “Over my dead body.”
“I figure that’s the same way Zoe feels.  Her recent activities should make sense now,” Danny said taking a seat before his plate of eggs and bacon.
“How can you eat right now?” Jessica asked, staring at her older brother.
“Well, what else can I do?  This family takes a lot of energy out of you,” Danny said on a full bite.
“What does she want?” Gabriella asked, puzzled by this latest development.
“She wants to talk Zoe into testifying,” Danny said.
“Never,” Kenny said vehemently.  “You hear me, it’s not happening.”
“Kenny,” Jessica said standing up to pat Kenny’s arm.
“No, Jess.  That woman is part of the problem in case you’ve all forgotten she accused Zoe of breaking apart her family, like it was a choice.”
“Kenny calm down,” Jessica soothed.  “I understand how you feel, but think about it rationally.  We don’t want that man out either.  He could be trouble.”
“Jessica is right.” Gabriella seconded.  “Things are calmer with him inside.”
“What do you plan on doing about Julia?” Danny asked sipping his coffee.  “Should she go to Athens with us?”
Gabriella sighed at the coming battle.  Because that was what this was going to end up being, the past had an interesting way of returning.

*****

Julia sat nervously in her seat and stared out the airplane window at the Heathrow airport.  Behind her, her twin teenaged kids moved around the luxurious Learjet in excitement.
“Mum, I can’t believe it.  Who are these people again?  How come we’ve never met them before?” Terrence Girgorio said, chewing on twizzlers.  “I didn’t know we had rich relatives.”
“Terry, you’d better not act so shameless when they show,” Sarah Girgorio said giving her brother a roll of her eyes.  She sat calmly in her seat.  She looked proper in her jeans and sleeveless top, her hair in pigtails and a comic book in her hand.
“Someone has to be excited for the family,” Terry replied, his gaze straying to their mother.  In his baggy jeans and long t-shirt, and a red sox cap on his head, he was every bit the rowdy boy in class.  “Its summertime you know, we’re supposed to be having fun.”
“You’re such a jerk.” Sarah complained lifting her comic book up to read it.
“Snob,” Terry shot back.
Julia listened to their bickering and was about to stop them when the lovely flight attendant came in from the cockpit area.
“Mrs. Girgorio,” She said, “bear with us a while longer.  There has been a flight plan change.  The other passengers will be arriving shortly.”
“Yes, of course,” Julia said noting that her kids were now quiet and watching the flight attendant warily.  “May I ask who the passengers are?”
“Oh yes,” she smiled.  “I do believe it will be Signora Castille, Mr. Danny, his sister and her husband.”
“Thank you,” Julia said with a slight frown.
What could have caused the sudden change?
The flight attendant hurried off and Terry moved to sit beside her.
“Mum, what’s going on.”
“I’m not sure.  It seems as though our flight’s not over,” Julia answered gently.  “We’re about to get company though.  So please behave.”
Terry was just about to ask who the company was when the commotion came.
Glancing up, Julia frowned as a harried young man came in carrying bags.  Behind him was a man in a black suit.  He was talking rapidly in to his phone in Greek.  When he saw them, he paused.
“Tia Julia,” he said, with a charming smile.  It was Danny.  When she started to get up, he waved her down and leaned to kiss her cheeks.  “Good to see you, Terrence, Sarah.  Please excuse me.”
He continued talking into his cell phone.
Julia’s attention was drawn to the next wave of people.  A young woman dressed in a black trouser suit.  She carried a laptop bag and a carryon bag.
“Hello.  I’m Tamia.” She greeted them generally.
Behind her came Jessica, Julia could never forget how the girl looked.
She was different now, elegance oozed from her without effort.  In a gorgeous turquoise blue summer dress, her blond hair falling to her shoulders, she was a far cry from the co-ed Julia had known.
“Hi, Aunt Julia,” Jessica greeted, leaning down to hug her, a cloud of channel perfume wrapping around Julia.  “I hope your flight was fine.”
“It was very good.” Julia answered elated by the reception.
Then again, Gabriella had drummed courtesy into her children.  They were elite socialites.
“These must be the twins,” Jessica said.  “Terrence and Sarah, you’ve grown up.” She teased them.  “They don’t remember me.”
Terrence widened his eyes at that unable to believe he could forget her.  Sarah shook her head at the expression on his face.
Kenny walked in next which surprised Julia.  Never in her dreams had she imagined that he’d marry Jessica.
“Julia.” He greeted holding out a hand. 
Julia shook his hand politely, though it was obvious that he wasn’t feeling cordial toward her.  At least he was nice to her children.  He even sat down beside Sarah and asked about her comic.
Gabriella came in last and Julia got to her feet.  She hadn’t seen her older sister in a decade.  Gabriella was her only other family in this world.
Swallowing hard, Julia said, “Buon giorno Gabriella.”
Gabriella stood staring at her sister for a moment, taking in the younger woman with her black hair stylishly cut to her shoulders.  Her lovely olive-skin was a testament to their Italian heritage.  She was shorter than Gabriella remembered.  Then again, height was something the Girgorio women didn’t have.
Meeting hesitant dark eyes, Gabriella smiled.  “Julia, buongiorno come esta, how have you been?
Julia moved to hug her sister. Tears shimmering in her eyes as Gabriella hugged her back.
“I’m fine now,” Julia murmured against Gabriella’s neck.  “I’ve missed you, Gabby.”
“Me too,” Gabriella said pulling back to kiss both Julia’s cheeks.  “Where are my twins?”
Julia laughed and moved aside so that Gabriella could see Terrence and Sarah.  “They’re mischievous terrors.”
“Really,” Gabriella chuckled hugging Terrence and kissing his cheeks.  “Young man, you’ve gotten quite tall since I saw you.  Do you remember me?”
Terrence glanced at the older woman and shrugged.  He liked how she’d hugged him.  It felt like the way his mother did it when he was hurt. 
“No.”
“No?” Gabriella shook her head, then turned to Sarah, “how about you young lady?”
She hugged Sarah and kissed her cheeks too.  “Have you forgotten?”
Sarah smiled shyly.  “I remember a little.”
“Well, that’s good.” Gabriella twitched her nose. “I’m your aunt.  You call me Tia Gabby.  Those tall men and women who just walked in are my children.  They’ve grown up now, so I’ve no one to spoil.  What do you say to me spoiling you instead?”
They both laughed at the words and Gabriella grinned.  Happy that they weren’t scared anymore, she nodded to Tamia who came over immediately.
“See that they get everything they need.”
“Yes, Signora,” Tamia said and directed the twins toward the back of the plane where a living area equipped with an entertainment center was situated.
Once the flight was underway, Gabriella turned her seat to look at Julia and asked, “Whose bright idea was it to send a letter to Zoella?”
“Sandra Carpenter,” Julia said.  “It’s routine, Gabby.  We figured she’d respond to it as soon as she got it.”
“What a mess.” Jessica sighed.  “You should have called instead.  This would have been handled better.”
“We haven’t talked in so long,” Julia said, her gaze moving from Jessica to Gabriella.  “I realize how awkward the situation is, and I know that there are questions floating around.  I’m here to get it over with so that the hearing can go smoothly.  I want that man behind bars as much as you all do.”
“Really,” Kenny jumped in his tone cold.  “How easy it sounds when you say it.”
“What Kenny?  You can’t still be angry with me can you?” Julia asked.  “I’m on your side now.  I was wrong alright, I apologize.”
“Save it,” Kenny said quietly.  “You have no right.”
He walked off leaving them all seated there in silence.
Julia sighed, glancing at Gabriella and her children.
Wringing her hands in her lap, she said, “I’m desperate.  I’ll do what I must.”
Danny closed his eyes at the words.
Jessica got up from her seat.  “This is a surprise to us.  I assumed Steve would serve his full sentence of twenty-five years.  No considerations for parole ever came up before.”
“So I thought,” Julia said, keeping her gaze on Jessica as she paced the carpeted floor.  It was a Castille characteristic.  She remembered that Alexis had done it too.
“His lawyer has been working hard on the good behavior card,” Julia said.
“What happens if Zoe doesn’t testify?” Danny asked.  “Is there another way to keep him in?”
“It’s unlikely,” Julia said.  “It has to be the key witness.  The victim of the crime has to testify.” 
“Do the twins know?” Gabriella asked.
“No.” Julia shook her head slowly.  “I couldn’t tell them about their father.”
“Good.  They don’t need to know.”  Gabriella sighed.  “We have to protect their innocence at all costs.”
A pregnant silence filled the air and after a moment Julia could stand her curiosity no longer.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“Athens,” Gabriella answered.  “Your letter has wrecked more havoc than you thought.”
“I’m going to find Kenny,” Jessica said quietly.  “You’d better catch Aunt Julia up to the situation.  This is going to be hard enough at is.”

*****

“Afternoon Alain, Aunt Athena,” Zoe said cheerfully as she entered the house using the kitchen door that afternoon.
Alain stopped spooning batter into a cake tin and stared at her in surprise.  Athena who’d been busy helping Zan tie his shoes looked up too, a frown playing on her forehead.
“What’s wrong?” Zoe asked, sitting down on a stool at the island table.
“Is everything okay with you?”  Alain asked, continuing his work.  “What did you have for lunch?”
“Nothing yet, I hope you kept some fettuccini for me,” Zoe said eyes wide at the horror of the stuff having ended.  “I’m hungry.  I was hoping to get some.”
“You’re hungry?” Athena asked in surprise.  Straightening up, she hurried to the refrigerator and pulled out a bowl.  “I’ll heat it up for you.  Zoe, what’s happened out there today?”
“I might have found something to do,” Zoe said.  “There is an orchestra at AMS that needs help.”
“You stopped at AMS?” Alain asked his gaze straying to Athena.
“Yeah,” Zoe answered.  “I just wanted to see how much it’s changed.”
“And,” Athena prompted placing a plate of fettuccini before Zoe.
She leaned down and helped Zan sit up on the island table.  She couldn’t help but be excited by how lively Zoe was.  She hadn’t seen her this way in a while.
“It’s the same.  The energy, - so much creativity- it’s still there,” Zoe said forking a bite of noodles.  “It was rejuvenating.”
“It certainly looks that way, love,” Alain said, his eyes shining with amusement. 
“Well, maybe I haven’t had a reason to be excited,” Zoe said with a short smile. 
As she took another bite, the phone rang and Athena reached for it.  Watching Zoe give some pasta to Zan, she answered, absently, “Villa Thermopolis.”
“Athena, its Kenny,” the sound of his voice had Athena sobering up.  “Hey, give me a minute.”
Turning to Zoe, she said, “Watch Zan, I’ll be a minute.”
Zoe nodded and Athena hurried out of the kitchen to the dining room.
“What’s up,” Athena said, keeping an eye on the entry way to the short hallway that led to the kitchen.
“I have unsettling news.  I’d like to meet with you and Thaddeus as soon as possible.  Would you mind meeting me at the Davenly penthouse downtown?”
“What has happened?” Athena asked.  “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine,” Kenny said.  “No one is hurt, but I’ve just found out the reason Zoe is hiding out.  Please just meet me, okay.”
“Thaddeus is in the office.  Give us an hour, we’ll be right there,” Athena said her gaze on Zoe’s back as she laughed with Zan.
“We’ll be waiting,” Kenny said, and then hung up before Athena could ask who else was waiting for them.

*****

“I don’t think this is the best strategy.” Thaddeus Castille declared, his gaze sweeping over the six people seated on the comfortable couches in the Davenly penthouse, downtown.  “You’re invading her life.”
“I don’t think there is any choice.” Gabriella countered studying her brother in-law.  “The actions you took so many years ago, have been leading us to this.  You know it as much as I.”
“You’re just angry with me.” Thaddeus declared, glaring at her.  “She’s a woman with a mind of her own.  I did not make her come here, she brought herself.  She’s asked for my protection, and I’m giving it.”
“Even though you know it’s because she’s running away from the past?  Thaddeus, we both know Steve Harden cannot be allowed to roam free,” Gabriella said quietly.  “She must and will go to testify.”
“That’s the attitude I’m asking all of you to drop.”  Kenny pointed out, shifting in the arm chair he was seating in.  Jessica was perched on the arm of the chair.  She placed a hand on his shoulder in support. “You won’t get anywhere ordering her around.”
“Julia, I don’t know why you think you can be able to stay anywhere near Zoe,” Athena said, her gaze on Julia.
Julia was seated beside Gabriella, no doubt to show solidarity.
“You have no right,” Athena said.
“I will apologize for what I did,” Julia said.
“Apologize?  That won’t heal years of torment.  You were cruel to Zoe,” Athena reprimanded.  “I can’t even believe I’m sitting here discussing this.”
“You’ve always been so quick to judge when it came to Zoe,” Gabriella shot at her.  “I’m her mother you know.”
“Where have you been?” Athena demanded.  “In eight years Gabby, where the hell have you been?”
“Please,” Danny jumped in as emotions started to get out of control.  “This is not about any of us.  We need a solution, I know you don’t want to see each other right now, but think of the twins, and what they’ll go through.  Let’s not forget that it will destroy Zoe if that man walks.  Can we try to bury the hatchets for a while?  Do it for the kids.”

******
Chapter Eleven

“Chris, listen,” Zoe said the next morning into her cell phone.  “It’s only July.  I know there is a big event set for November, I also realize that’s its very important.”
“I need you to have composed music for it.  Please tell me you’re working.” Chris demanded not liking how quiet and agreeable Zoe sounded.  He was used to a confident woman who knew what she wanted.  It rattled him.
“Don’t worry about that,” Zoe said running a finger over the piano in her room.  The gleaming keys were hidden under the cover.  “I need you to do me a favor.  Schedule tours out of the UK and Europe for at least a year.  As many as you can, I need to immerse myself in work.”
“Zoella—
“Do this for me, Chris,” Zoe said.  “Keep me busy as much as you can.”
“It feels as though you are running from something.”
“I don’t see why that worries you.  All those publicity campaigns you’ve been hounding me about will get done,” Zoe said with a sigh.  “Chris, I’m not asking this for charity, I want to work.  It will benefit your profit margin and all, and I need to keep busy after I’ve figured things out.”
Chris swiveled his chair around trying to decipher her plan but there didn’t seem to be a clue.  It was strange how the Zoe he’d known so long ago was returning.  
“Promise me one thing,” he said.
“As long as it has nothing to do with the States,” Zoe said firmly.
“You’ll take a break when I say you should,” Chris said.
“Fine,” Zoe agreed.
“Alright, my bossy little woman, tell me when you’re ready,” Chris said.  “Am here if you need anything, you know that right.”
“Yeah, I do.  Ciao,” Zoe said and promptly hung up the phone.
Placing it on the gleaming surface of the piano, she strolled to her balcony windows and stood there staring into the morning a while.  The day before, she’d felt very free.  She suspected it was the encounter with the students at AMS. 
Pushing a hand through her hair, she acknowledged that her lighter mood could also be due to the fact that she’d told Sylvia the real reason she’d left London, and Robbie.  It was nice to have someone to talk to about it.  It was a situation that was threatening to drown her and she wanted to win against the fear.  She couldn’t allow it to continue driving her to madness.  She was stronger than this; she just needed time to recuperate.
A knock on her door had her sighing and calling out for the person to come in.  It was probably Zelda wanting her to go to the beach with Zan.  Tying the edges of her robe tightly, she looked up and froze when she came face to face with Kenny.
“I should beat you senseless,” he said in greeting.
Zoe could only stare at him, her heart beating in happiness.  He looked so great in a light blue shirt that was open at his neck and white slacks that emphasized his height.  Not thinking much, she rushed into his arms for a hug.
“I’m sorry,” Zoe said into his chest when he hugged her tight.  “I should have called.”
“I came all the way and you didn’t bother to call and say anything.  I’ve been worried sick, you know.  How could you?”
“It happened fast,” Zoe said pulling away to look into his glaring silver eyes.  “There are so many things that—
“Like how a monster is being let out and you’re needed to testify?” Kenny demanded shocking Zoe even more.
“Who told you?” Zoe asked.
“Does it matter?” Kenny said his hands at his waist, silver grey eyes boiling with anger.  “What made you feel you couldn’t tell me?”
“Kenny, it’s complicated—,” Zoe started to explain.
“Complicated?” Kenny shook his head.  “How far have we come together?  What do you mean to me, Zoe?”
“Kenny, if you’d quit yelling, I’d explain my reasons to you,” Zoe snapped.
“Oh yeah, I don’t want to hear them because I’m damn sure they are stupid anyway.”  Kenny snapped right back.  “I can’t believe you.  You ran away.  You’re hiding from him and he’s not even out yet.  What happens when he is?  Will you die?
“Stop it,” Zoe said angrily running a hand down her face trying to deal with the fact that Kenny was in Athens and he knew.  If he knew, her uncle and aunt knew too.  Nausea rose and she tried to breath through it.  “It’s hard to—,”
“What about Robbie?” Kenny asked then, cutting her off.  “You should have seen him after you left that day.”
“Don’t—,” Zoe said putting out a hand as if that would stop him.
“Why won’t I?  I’m your best friend,” Kenny continued, ignoring how pale she looked.  “He was devastated.  He couldn’t believe that you’d betray him the way you did.  You broke him.”
“I had no choice!” Zoe said.  “I had no choice.”
“Really,” Kenny cursed under his breath when she bend over, trying to catch her breath.  Her hair falling around her, her thin frame revealed by the clinging robe she wore.  “You could have come to me.”
She’d lost weight, a lot of it.  Her body was shaking with emotion.  It made him feel like a bastard.  But he couldn’t restrain himself, especially after the horrendous night he’d just spent with the entire Castille family.  The fact that he was about to let Zoe know that they were in Athens angered him more.  He wasn’t sure she could take it.  But damn it, she’d forced them in to this corner.
Closing his eyes, he let out a tired sigh and then because he really loved her, he moved to help her.  He gently led her to sit on the rumpled bed while he went to pour a glass of water from a jug on the table across the bed.  Bringing it back to her, he sat beside her and watched her as she sipped the water.  Her hand was shaking slightly, although she tried to control it.
“How did you find out?” Zoe asked after a few minutes prepared to never talk to Sylvia if she’d betrayed her.
Kenny sighed.  “You won’t like it.  But we’re beyond that.  Your aunt Julia is the one who’s given us all the details.”
Zoe closed her eyes, “Us?”
“Your family, they all know.  They are all here in Athens to discuss it.”
Zoe shook her head in disbelief, tears stinging the back of her eyes.  She couldn’t believe how easily her life was being pulled apart. “The press—
“No.  No one has talked.  No one will.” Kenny soothed.  “Zoe, look at me.”
She did and he caught his breath at the shadows in her eyes.
“I’m on your side, baby,” he said quietly.  “I’ve always been.  You have to know that.”
“I do,” Zoe said quietly.  “I just—.  I needed to think about this, on my own, without help.”
“But—
“Everything is messed up now,” Zoe said standing up.  “Damn Aunt Julia, she could have just been a bit more patient.”
“When would you have stopped hiding?” Kenny asked then.  “If she didn’t say anything, you’d have ignored it and allowed the worst to happen.”
Zoe stared at him, not caring for what he was implying.  Did he imagine that she wanted that bastard out?
Was that what they were all thinking?
“Get out!” she said.  “Get out of here now.”
“Zoe—
“I’m going to scream if you don’t leave this room Kenny Williams.” Zoe warned dark eyes wide and filled with fury.  “Get the hell out!”
Kenny sighed.  He knew very well that she wasn’t making empty threats.  She meant it.  He’d come up here to talk, but seeing her so fragile and lonely had tipped him to anger.  He wanted to protect her and it enraged him that she’d tried to deny that right.  He’d also been the messenger to tell her breakfast was ready.
“Everyone is waiting for you downstairs.  Breakfast is ready,” he said quietly as he stood up.  Noting her clenched fists, he kept going making his way out of her bedroom.
Fury took over and Zoe picked up every thing she could find and threw it against the wall.  The objects crashing loudly making Kenny wince as he stood in the hallway listening.  He’d pushed too far.
“What did you say?” Athena asked as she came down the hallway to him.  “You promised to be gentle.”
“I tried,” Kenny said as glass broke inside the room.  “I lost it.”
“Great,” Athena said.  “I’m not sure breakfast with the clan is advisable.”
“Tell me about it,” Kenny said as silence fell in the room.  After a few minutes, which Athena worried whether they should go in, Zoe emerged from her room.
Giving her aunt a hard look, she ignored Kenny and stormed down the hallway.  Her hair flying behind her, her steps fast, she wore a pair of blue low rider jeans and a white wrap around blouse.
Hurrying after her, Athena called out, “Zoe, wait.”
Zoe didn’t say anything; instead she took the stairs two at a time.  Kenny and Athena were hot on her heels, each worried about her state of mind.
“Zoella,” Athena said authoritatively.  “Stop right there.”
“I don’t think I can talk to you right now,” Zoe said stopping in the foyer.  “I need to—
Her gaze strayed to the hallway leading to the dining room.  Standing there was her entire family.  Including two teenagers she thought looked familiar.  Just seeing Aunt Julia after so long was enough to drive her over the edge.  Abandoning her conversation with Athena, she reached for keys on the table by the front door and rushed out of the house.
Kenny moved to run after her but Athena grabbed him to stop him.
“Antonio!” Athena yelled instead.  When Tony came racing out from the kitchen she ordered, “Catch up with her and make sure she doesn’t crash the car.  Kenny, give her some space.”
“It’s my fault.”  Kenny sighed as the door slammed after Tony.  “I should have been gentler.”
“No need to cry over spilled milk.  Maybe that’s what she needed anyway.  Come have breakfast, she’ll be back,” Athena said, her tone grim.
*****

They knew.
Everyone knew.
Zoe punched the steering wheel, angry about the turn of events.  Changing the gear on the Aston Martin Vanquish, she sped through the roads heading away from the city.  She wanted to clear her head.  She wanted to feel as though her world was not crashing.  She needed to feel sane, and it was getting harder each day.  This morning she’d woken up optimistic, now, she wanted to lie down and die. She was scared to death that they were going to force her to face Steve Harden.
*****

“You let her leave like that?” Gabriella worried as they sat for breakfast.
“I’m sure you wouldn’t have handled her staying,” Athena said.  “Let her work it out of her system.”
Athena picked up Zan and sat him in his chair.  “Welcome to the war zone.”
“I suggest you don’t hurry the situation,” Kenny said in general, meeting his wife’s gaze.  “She’s not ready.”
“Thad will talk to her,” Gabriella said.
“He’s at the office right now.  It is better to act as routine as possible,” Athena said moving about arranging Zan’s food for him.
Her thoughts occupied with Zoe’s problems.  It seemed as though things had effectively exploded in the past twenty-four hours.  The entire night had been spent discussing Zoe’s need to testify at Steve Harden’s hearing.  He couldn’t be let out, but Zoe’s actions obviously meant that she was not ready to go back there.  Regardless of the time passage, the events that led to Steve Harden’s arrest were still haunting her.
“She’s frightened,” Athena had told Gabriella and Julia the night before.  “She’s trying to reduce the scope of her life; everything that can mean she’ll open up is being discarded.  You can’t expect that she’ll be able to testify in that state of mind.”
“She can’t hide forever,” Jessica had said gently.  “Regardless of her feelings on this matter, there will come a time she must face it.  Steve Harden moving about free is not a positive factor.”
“How do you expect to get Zoella there?” Thaddeus had demanded.
“Our being here has every thing to do with her facing her past,” Gabriella said.  “I’d like for this family to reconcile.  It’s not healthy that we’re so divided.  In that spirit, this is a family vacation.  We’re going to remain here until October.  These issues will be addressed.”
“I have to say that when the time comes and Zoe is not up to it, I won’t allow you to bull doze her into testifying.  It simply won’t happen,” Athena said her tone hard as she met Gabriella s gaze.  “I won’t allow it.”
How difficult the next month was going to be, Athena thought now, as she moved to pour herself a cup of coffee on the side table, was going to depend on whatever mind set Zoe returned with.  Judging from how hard the day had started, the coming months were going to be very awkward.

*****

Zoe drove around for an hour, simply driving and allowing the motion of the car to sooth her turmoil.  At some point she turned around and started back for the city, that was when she noticed the black Ducati following her.
Back in town, she headed for the music school without thinking.  Before she realized it, she was parked and staring at the building, the engine humming quietly.  The black Ducati pulled in on the passenger side and turned off.
Tony pulled of his helmet and sat back waiting for her decision.
As though the universe was aware of her dilemma, Demetrius Avinoff pulled his car into the slot on her driver’s side.  He was a mass of energy.  Jumping out of the old fiat he drove, he slammed the driver’s door closed and came around to the passenger’s side.  Reaching in, he picked up a messy stack of music sheets.  He turned then to admire the car parked beside his.  His grin was appreciative, as he studied the Aston Martin.  The windows were tinted so he couldn’t see inside.  Leaning into her side view mirror, he checked his teeth.  Zoe chuckled and lowered the window down, surprising the good conductor.
“Good morning, Mr. Avinoff,” she said in greeting.
“I should have known,” he said with a sigh.  “Let me guess, you’re an heiress of something.  Your type doesn’t work too much.”
“So cynical,” Zoe said smiling at him.  “We work fine.”
“Ah huh,” he said.  “Are you coming in?”
Zoe stared at him for a moment then without answering; she raised the window back up and turned off the car.  Stepping out of the vehicle, she tossed the keys to Tony who caught them expertly.
“Just for a while,” she answered Demetrius.
He grinned at her and gave Tony a friendly wave as they headed for the school.
“You’re really good.  I heard it when you played.  If you don’t mind there is a piece I’d love for you to play.  Would you do it?”
“If you ask nicely,” Zoe said with a laugh at his enthusiasm.
“I won’t beg you,” Demetrius said, reaching for the door, he pulled it open for her.  “I can persuade very well though.”
“Really,” Zoe asked with a smile.
“Well, obviously.  You’re here, aren’t you?” Demetrius said with a knowing look.
She laughed again at his arrogant thoughts, if he only knew.
She stayed with the orchestra for the better part of the day.  At first, she simply sat in, listening to them work.  Then as time passed and Demetrius forced her opinion she relaxed and started working with them.  By the end of the session, afternoon had crept in.
“The orchestra is going out to a beach party, come along,” Demetrius said when he found her seated in the audience chairs.
“I don’t know...” Zoe started to protest, and then remembering that the villa was filled with her family, she changed her mind.  “I’ll only stay a short time.”
“Excellent,” Demetrius said with a genuine smile.  
“You’ll love it.” A young man named Tim said when she agreed.  “The party never ends, it just sort of progresses into the night.”
Zoe found herself bumming a ride with Demetrius to the beach party.  When they got there, they found people had already started the festivities.  Food was laid out on tables, and someone was busy starting fires to cook fish and arranging bonfires for the night.  Music filled the air and cocktails were being passed around.  She was sure they would have grappa in them.
“Here,” Demetrius handed her a glass filled with a pineapple colored concoction. “Enjoy.”
“Thanks,” Zoe said moving to take a sit on a bench, her gaze moving to the waves crashing on the beach.  “It’s beautiful here.”
“You can say that again,” Demetrius said, sitting beside her, his gaze lingering on her luxurious hair.  She was fascinating.  She was a mixture of contradictions, music obviously lived in her, but her fragile emotions made him want to hold her.
“Don’t stare at me,” Zoe said turning to look at him. “Demetrius, you can’t like me that way.  I’m not available.”
“He is lucky,” Demetrius said quietly, meeting her gaze.  At her questioning frown, he nodded to her right hand, “the one who gave you that ring.  He is lucky.”
Zoe studied him for a moment, then because she did not want to think about his words she said, “Ask me to dance, Demetrius.”
He grinned.  “Will you dance with me?”
“Yes,” Zoe said, placing her glass down, “come on my friend, and let’s dance.”
*****

“I’m worried,” Kenny said pacing the sun room that evening.  It was ten o’clock at night and no one had heard or seen Zoe all day.  “She was upset.  We shouldn’t have let her leave.  And where is that Tony who is supposed to take care of her?”
“I’m going to get a neck problem if you don’t stop pacing,” Jessica said as she sipped her coffee.  “She’ll come back.  How about we think of something else, like how good the chef is.  I love him.  If he were in London, I’d poach him.”
“You’re glowing tonight.”  Kenny noted, his eyes moving appreciatively over her figure.  She was in a pale green summer dress.  Her skin was warm in the light; the sun had already managed to give her some color.  Her blue eyes were sparkling.  Jessica seemed very relaxed.
“You look handsome too,” Jessica said winking at him.  “I love this place.  It’s so beautiful.  I could get used to it.”
“Is that Jessica the corporate queen talking?” Kenny teased her.
“I’ve not been so relaxed in a while.  Considering the reasons why we’re here, I can just imagine how great it would be to visit at an easier time.”
Kenny was just about to sit beside Jessica when they heard the commotion in the foyer.  Getting up, they both hurried out to investigate.
“Oh Tony,” Zoe was saying when they got there.  “You’re so sweet.  Did I ever tell you that?  You manage to put up with me even when I’m,” she hiccupped, “so messed up.”
Kenny could only shake his head when he realized that Zoe was drunk.  Tony, who had been carrying her, put her feet down and tried to steady her.  She swayed and held her hands out to hold on to Tony.
“Whoa, the world is spinning,” she said, and then chuckled.
Kenny took Zoe from Tony and swung her effortlessly into his arms.
“Where have you been?” Kenny asked as he headed for the stairs.  Jessica followed them after thanking Tony.
“Kenny Williams,” Zoe said in answer, her head rolling back so that it rested on his shoulder.  “You broke my heart today.  You- you made me sad.”
“It wasn’t my intention.” Kenny soothed.  He was grateful when Jessica opened the door to Zoe’s room for him.  “You got yourself drunk.  You’ll have the worst headache in the morning.”
“I-I suppose.” Zoe sighed, as Kenny laid her on the bed.  She curled up into a ball, hugging a pillow hard.  Closing her eyes, she said quietly, “It beats the nightmares.”
Kenny stared at her his own heart breaking.  Jessica moved to the closet and decided to find a nightgown.  Glancing around the room, Kenny realized that some time during the day someone had cleaned up the mess Zoe had made in the morning.  The place looked clean and neat.  Unlike the occupant on the bed who was literally a certified mess.
“Kenny,” Jessica said walking back into the bedroom.  “Why don’t you go on to our room?  I’ll join you in a while.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, hating to leave Zoe now that she was back.
“Go on,” Jessica said quietly meeting his gaze.  “Let me do this.”
He knew why she was asking, and since it was part of the reason they were here, he nodded and leaned down to press a kiss on Zoe’s forehead.  She murmured in answer and he left them.
Left alone with her sister, Jessica studied the young woman curled on the large bed, her empathy rising.  There was something so tragic about the picture her small sister made.  Her long hair was a mass of black that covered the pillows.  Her eyelashes were long and curled on her cheeks.  It had been so long since she’d been this close to Zoe.  It was hard to imagine the usual hostility emanating from this fragile sweet person before her.
Letting a sigh escape, Jessica placed the night gown she held; it was a silky ivory garment from Vera Wang, on the bed and hurried to the bathroom.  She returned a few minutes later with a wet warm towel and proceeded to wipe Zoe’s face gently.
“Stop,” Zoe grumbled trying to turn her face away but Jessica was persuasive.  She urged Zoe to sit up.
“You should get comfortable,” Jessica said.
Running the cloth around Zoe’s neck, she placed the towel on the nightstand and proceeded to help Zoe out of her clothes into her night gown.
“I can take care of myself.” Zoe slurred tiredly when Jessica made her lift her arms so that she could slip the gown on.
“I know you can.” Jessica responded gently.  Reaching for the covers, she pulled them down and helped Zoe get in between them.  “But once in a while, everyone needs a little help.”
Zoe sighed as her head hit the soft pillows.  Jessica pulled the covers over her sister and brushed a caressing hand over the wild hair.  In seconds, Zoe was asleep and Jessica sat on the bed watching her sleep.  There were so many things she wanted to say to her.
“I love you, Zoe,” she said quietly, leaning forward, she pressed a kiss on Zoe’s cheek and then got up and left the room, making sure to turn off the lights.

*****

The sound of music floated down to the living room the next morning.  Athena was watching Gabriella play with Zan, while Danny and Kenny talked about business.  Looking up in concern, her gaze collided with Jessica’s before it found the clock.  It was just turning ten.
Getting up she said, “Gabby, stay with Zan a moment please.”
“Sure,” Gabriella said.
Jessica got up too and despite Athena’s frown, she followed her up the stairs to the second floor.
“You shouldn’t come,” Athena said as she opened the bedroom door without knocking.
“I want to.” Jessica insisted.
The balcony doors were open in the room; a breeze was playfully moving the white sheer curtains.  The bed was unmade, and the clothes Jessica had helped remove the night before were over the couch in the corner. 
The sound of coughing over the music had Jessica hurrying to the bathroom while Athena lowered the volume on the music system and followed.
Zoe was bent over the toilet losing whatever meager contents her stomach held.  Her heart twisting at the sight, Jessica moved closer and gathered the mass of hair falling around Zoe’s face, she held it back gently.
“Bad night,” Athena asked, when Zoe stopped and leaned back exhausted.  Athena turned the water faucet on and wetted a face cloth from the rack.  Squeezing it under the running water, she teased. “You’re not pregnant are you?”
Zoe gave a grimace as she took the cloth from Athena and wiped her face.
“If I didn’t feel like shit, I’d smack you hard, at the cost of Uncle Thad’s wrath.”
Jessica chuckled and a startled Zoe looked around in surprise.  “What are you doing here?”
“Helping,” Athena said firmly, watching Zoe rub her stomach and flush the toilet.  “What did you drink?”
“Grappa,” Zoe answered with a sigh.  “It must have been too much.”  She frowned at Jessica’s presence. “I don’t remember much.”
“This is becoming a habit, agape mou.” Athena sighed well aware that Zoe had taken to drinking wine bottles by the number.  It was becoming something to worry about.
Zoe could only shrug, remembering that she’d been at a party but didn’t know how she’d made it home.  How much had she drunk and had she embarrassed herself? 
“What time did I get home?”
“Ten o’clock,” Jessica answered.  “Kenny carried you upstairs.”  When she saw Zoe stare down at the night gown, she added.  “I got you into the night gown.”
Athena studied Jessica for a moment before her gaze returned to Zoe.  Zoe pressed the wet cloth to her forehead trying to ease the pain in her head.  Unlike the one in her heart that would never disappear.  It was always there, always aching; it hurt so much sometimes she could barely breathe.  No matter what she did to forget, it remained.  Shoving her hair out of her face, she sighed, 
“I’m fine now,” she said hoping Jessica would leave.
It was weird having her be so agreeable.
“Ha!” Athena said.  “That’s what you say, what you do suggests different things.”
It was difficult to see Zoe this way.  Knowing the reason was even harder.  It was obvious Zoe was trying to forget reality.
“What’s happened to you?  You were stronger than this,” Athena said.
Zoe got up and without looking at Jessica she said, “Life happened.” 
Turning on the shower in the large glass cubicle, she said, “I gotta shower.”
“It can’t keep going like this,” Athena said firmly.
“I’m not sure how it can’t,” Zoe answered.
Shaking her head as Athena and Jessica left, Zoe prayed for strength through the next weeks.  No matter how much she tried to avoid it, she was going to face her family whether she liked it or not.  It was just a question of how brave she was, wasn’t it?  Removing her night gown, she stepped under the hot shower, hoping by the end of it she’d have the back bone needed to deal with Gabriella Castille.

*****

Alain loved to cook.  He could do it twenty-four/seven.  Now that what seemed like the entire Castille clan was in-house, he didn’t hold back when it came to meals.  Lunch time was a treat, he thought as he supervised the sous chefs who were helping him.
It was to be served alfresco.  The wait staff was busy making sure the place settings were expertly done.  The butler was having a blast directing the entire process.  As was expected, Athena kept coming in to ask about progress.  He was starting to worry about the woman.  She seemed to have ascended to a higher level of anxiety.  Not to mention Zoella was now a drunk.  What was the household coming to?
The drunk came into the kitchen, making him smile at the surprised look on her face when she saw the army of helpers.  She’d managed to pull on something nice instead of the usual skinny jeans and top.  The silver grey dress suited her perfectly.  Her long hair falling down her back was an added bonus.  Zoe looked gorgeous.
“Alain, are we feeding the city?” she asked when she saw him.
“This is how a kitchen runs, darling,” Alain said motioning for a young woman to clean pineapples needed for dessert.  “You look delicious yourself, hot date?”
Zoe shrugged; she’d never admit to anyone that she wanted to look fabulous when she met her family formally.  It wouldn’t do to have Gabriella look down her nose at her.
“I’m a girl; I can dress up whenever I want,” Zoe said to Alain.  “Can I get a coffee?”
“As long as you promise to eat my food,” Alain warned surprising the kitchen staff when he moved to pour her the cup of coffee himself.  “I made it extra strong for you.”
“Alain, you’re the best.” Zoe grinned at him as she took the mug.  “I’ll be in the garden.  Don’t tell Aunt Athena yet for fifteen minutes.  I need time.”
Alain noting the well hidden strain nodded and watched her stroll out into the backyard behind a waiter carrying table napkins.

******

“You always did love your coffee,” Danny said to his sister when he found her in the garden.  “It’s steaming hot out here and here you are drinking coffee.”
Zoe smiled and placing her cup on the bench she stood up to hug her big brother tightly, allowing him to lift her a bit as he did so.
“Danny, I’ve missed you,” she said as she pulled back.  Touching his dark hair, she continued.  “You’re still as handsome may be more so.”
“Tell that to the ladies,” Danny teased dropping kisses on her dimples. 
The action was so natural Zoe felt nostalgic for her youth.  Those days when she’d been eight, her brother around fourteen, he’d made it a habit of kissing her dimples when she looked sad.
“Smile for me,” he said.
She grinned at the familiar words.  ‘I can’t believe those ladies are slacking.  My brother is such a great catch.”
Danny waited for her to sit down and reclaim her coffee before he sat beside her.  “I’m not in a hurry.  I’ve still got time.  Besides, I work too much these days.”
“Castille Textile can afford a day or two off for its C.E.O.  You can’t dedicate your entire life to work, Danny.”
“Look who’s talking,” Danny said with a knowing look.  “You work more than I do.”
“Well, mine is different,” Zoe said looking away to stare at the flowers growing around them.  “It’s all I’ll ever have.”
“Don’t make me pinch your cheeks,” Danny said in answer.  Reaching for her right hand, he noted the exquisite ring she still wore, but didn’t comment.
He was not going to discuss Robbie McClaire unless she brought it up.  “I know having us all here is different—
“Disturbing is the likely word, Danny.”
“Well, all sorts of words to describe strange, but it’s only happening coz they all love you in their own way.”
Zoe sipped her coffee slowly trying to digest that comment.  “I stopped hoping a long time ago.  I know what usually lies underneath it all.  It is self-preservation for each of them.  They are afraid of what could happen if that bastard walks.  I won’t take the brunt of it this time, Danny.”
Meeting his gaze, she shook her head.  “I’m still recovering from the last time.”
“I understand,” Danny said. “But—, it’s different this time.”
“No one can convince me of that.  Not even you, Danny,” she said quietly. “Not even you.”
“Fine,” Danny said, leaning closer he tugged a strand of her hair.  “I guess time will have to prove me right.  Te amo, cara.”
“Te amo,” Zoe said, smiling she leaned into him.

*****

“I want to come along,” Marjorie Adams insisted.
“No,” Tevin Whittaker said, his blue eyes glaring at the red head.  “You don’t get it do you?  A serious relationship is not what McClaire needs right now.  We’re on tour; things can get tense at times.  We don’t need relationship troubles along too.”
“He’s been fine before.” Marjorie countered.  “You didn’t complain the entire time he played the U.K.  Why is Europe different?”
“You’re blinded by lust,” Tevin said harshly. “You can’t see that he doesn’t even pay attention to what you’re up to when you two aren’t getting it on.”
“Don’t be mean coz you’re not getting any,” Marjorie said.  “I don’t care for what you’re implying.”
“Oh yeah,” Tevin said quietly.  “Well how about this, groupies know their place, Adams.  You certainly don’t qualify for a higher definition.”
“You called me a couple months ago.  I didn’t ask you to bring me here,” Marjorie said bitterly.  “Knowing how I felt you brought me to him.  You can’t push me away so easily, Tevin.”
“But, I won’t have to,” Tevin said.  “He’ll do it for me when he calls you Zoe again at night.”
She slapped him hard, the momentum making Tevin turn his head away.  Anger had Marjorie stalking out of the living room and heading for the front door aware that Tevin was right all the way.
The door slammed and Tevin winced as the sound reached him.  He hadn’t meant for it to get quite so ugly, but someone had needed to say something.  It really was getting pathetic to watch Marjorie try to win Robbie.
“Who was that?” Mick asked, appearing at the door, his eyes sleepy.  He’d obviously just woken up, since he still wore shorts and an old t-shirt.
“Who else,” Tevin answered sinking into a couch tired.  “She doesn’t seem to be getting it through her head.”
“How can she see the truth when we’re in beautiful Dublin, enjoying the sights and sleeping in castles?  Women like Marjorie can’t look beyond that,” Mick answered strolling into sprawl on the second couch.  “I thought being substituted for another woman was usually a no-no for most women.”
“Apparently not Marjorie,” Tevin said, rubbing his stinging cheek gently.  “I hate to say it but she’s got guts.”
“Yeah,” Mick sighed.  “Robbie’s over the cliff about Zoe.  I don’t see how she can ignore something so obvious.”

*****

She couldn’t, Marjorie thought as she rode the elevator down.  She just couldn’t allow it to stop her.  One of these days, Robbie was going to see her and fall in love with her as deeply as she was with him.  He just had to.
She’d invested everything she had in him.  But he didn’t seem to notice.  How deeply it hurt to remember the night he got drunk and came up to his suite.  Finding her, he’d proceeded to kiss her senseless.  He’d been so amazingly tender, she’d felt like she was floating and then he’d called her Zoe.
Zoe!  How she hated that woman.
What kind of hold did Zoe have over Robbie?  How was it possible that even now, with her gone, Robbie was still so stuck on her?

*****

Lying on the bed in Ron’s suite, Robbie stared at the high ceiling and wondered at the same thing.  He was trying to escape Marjorie’s clinging while he thought sober, what he needed to do to move on.
It was time to move on.
He knew it, especially when Marjorie was around, but something was holding him back.  Closing his eyes, Robbie wasn’t too surprised when his thoughts returned to the first time he’d met Zoe, Three years ago….

*******
Chapter Twelve

After a tour in Asia, Robbie decided to visit his best friend, Kenny, to catch up.  He’d barely settled in before Kenny surprised him.
“I’m getting married.  I’d like you to be my best man.”
The announcement had stunned him.  It seemed unlikely that Kenneth Williams, tycoon extraordinaire, would decide to take that leap so easily.
“You are kidding me,” Robbie said.  “Kenny, you can’t get married.  You’re Kenny.”
“What?  I can’t fall in love?” Kenny asked handing Robbie a glass of scotch, “or is it because I’m marrying before you.”
“I’ve just never imagined you married,” Robbie said with a chuckle.  “Have I met her?”
“Of course, Jessica Castille of the Castille Co., you were introduced at some textile sponsorship at a party.”
“Ah yes, she’s Gabriella Castille’s second daughter,” Robbie said.  “Strange girl, she’s very—, put together.”
“Thank you for censoring.  She and I have been friends for a while.  Next thing I know, I can’t seem to live without her.  I asked her to marry me and the wedding is being planned.  I’ve been waiting for you to come back.”
“Wow,” Robbie said eyes wide.  “You’ve certainly surprised me, mate.  But I’m happy for you.  I guess a toast is in order, to you and your lovely bride-to-be.”
Kenny grinned, “To us.”
After the toast, Kenny asked how the band was doing.
“The next album is in the works.  Although we’re really behind schedule, lack of inspiration on my part.  We need to make it fly and we’re all in a bad place.”
“How are the guys doing?”
“Tevin is out with his women, Ron and Mick went searching for adrenaline on the slopes in Aspen.  Leaving the manager and producer to pull their hair out and bug me.”
“Anything I can do?”
“Enough it seems, shocking me with impeding nuptials.  Jessica has certainly slain the largest dragon.”
“Ha,” Kenny laughed. “I’d like to remind you that when it happens to you.  I’ll be there to remind you of this moment.”
“No woman will ever turn me into the sappy man you are now,” Robbie boasted.  “Speaking of which, I’m the best man, it is my prerogative to take you out for drinks.  We can celebrate.”  Grinning, Robbie stood up.  “Afterwards, I’ll meet your woman and tell her all about you.  All those women you have stashed in exotic islands.”
“This won’t be a prank project, Robbie McClaire.” Kenny warned remembering that their friendship had once depended on the number of pranks a man could pull in a week.  They’d been about twelve or so.
“Come on, Kenny, you’re going to be a married man.” Robbie urged.

*******

Kenny’s wedding was a July affair.  It took place in a scenic chapel in Brighton where the Castille estate was.  The reception was hosted by Gabriella Castille who insisted on the best for her daughter.  It was the talk of the town.  
At the chapel, Robbie stood loyally beside Kenny and to his left, was Danny Castille.  They all wore black tuxedos their hair neatly slicked back.  Three handsome gentlemen who made every woman stop and stare when they first walked into the chapel.
“I feel like a wondrous artifact on display,” Robbie joked as another young woman nodded toward them and frantically whispered to her companion.  “You owe us for this one, Williams.”
“Support is all you get,” Kenny answered making both Danny and Robbie chuckle.
She walked in at that moment.
It was the way she walked in that made Robbie stare, like a spring breeze floating into a stifled summer heat.  Her raven hair, long and wavy, swung around her.  She wore a forest green empire waist dress.  Her skin so golden, it seemed out of place in this world of socialites and successful business men and women.
Then she looked at him and smiled a sweet dimpled smile.  His heart dropped at her feet.
“She came,” Kenny murmured in pleasure beside him.  The tone triggered an alert in Robbie’s head and for a moment he was jealous that Kenny was referring to the same woman.  “My friend, the one I tell you about?”
“The one you knew from the States?” Robbie asked consoling himself with the fact that there were three other women standing.
“Yes,” Kenny said with a slight smile.  “This is a red letter day.  I’m very happy.” 
Robbie could only nod at this, happy for his friend, though his gaze firmly remained on the exotic beauty in green.  Through the ceremony, he kept catching glimpses of her when he could.  He couldn’t believe it, but here was a woman he really wanted to know and talk to.
Forcing concentration on the proceedings, Robbie smiled as Jessica spoke her vows promising to love Kenny for better or worse.  Handing over the rings Kenny had given him; Robbie wondered if he’d ever be brave enough to make such a commitment to any woman.
When the ceremony ended, his gaze flew to the back, immediately searching out the mysterious woman.  The disappointment at not seeing her was unbelievable.
“Where did she go?” The question came out before he knew he’d asked it.
“Who,” Danny asked as they walked out behind the groom.
Robbie shook his head as they passed the pew she’d sat in, “Never mind.”
Enduring a few pictures required of him outside the church, Robbie escaped and went in search of her.  The chapel wasn’t too large.  It was a medium sized building with gardens surrounding it.  Walking along the paths, Robbie hoped that she hadn’t left.
“…Kelly, I’ll do it.  I know it’s important to Chris.  No.  Don’t worry about me, I’m not upset.  I just want to get away for a while.” 
The voice was softly accented, a hint of Italy, perhaps he couldn’t be sure.  
“I told you I won’t be a coward.  And there won’t be a mess to clean up, I’m behaving myself.”
Heart pounding, Robbie walked around a bush and there she was.  She was seated on a garden bench, the sunlight casting her hair into rich mink.  She seemed unreal.
“I’ll be at the hotel soon.  Don’t worry, Cara.  I’ll be fine, ciao.” 
She hung up and Robbie saw a quiver as she put her phone away.  Letting out a short breath she closed her eyes and breathed in deeply as if she was trying to calm down.
“You need a flower,” Robbie said plucking one from the bush beside him.
Her eyes flew open in a panic and he tried for a smile.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to startle you.  I saw you sigh and – well—
God!  He was acting like a primary school student.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so tongue tied before a woman.  When she kept staring at him like he was a nut, Robbie decided to plunge.  Walking very slowly to her, he held out the gardenia flower.
“My mother, she used to tell me that flowers make you smile.  The scent is therapeutic.  Try it,” he said.
“Who are you?”
Robbie hid a smile encouraged when she took the flower.  The question, though defensive, told him that she was just wary, perhaps a bit prickly on the outside.  Her soft conversation a minute ago had been enough to tell him that she was a tad vulnerable.
“My name is Robbie,” he said.  “I’m the best man.”
She smiled, revealing dimples on her cheeks.  “Shouldn’t you be serving the bride and groom?”
“I’d rather be talking to a beautiful woman.”  Robbie grinned.  “May I sit?”
She paused and for a moment he thought she’d refuse.  She was reluctant and just when he was beginning to sweat, she nodded slowly.  Moving closer, he took a seat keeping a respectable distance between them even though he wanted to be much closer.
Swallowing hard, he said, “What is your name?”
“Is it important?” she asked, staring at the garden around them.
“At this particular moment, yes it is.”
“Does that line work for you?”
“Not usually, but I’m really hoping it works now,” Robbie said.
She chuckled and brought the flower up to smell it.  “Your mother sounds like a wise woman.”
“She was.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I didn’t realize she passed away.”
“I was very young,” Robbie said surprised at how easy it was to discuss his mother with her.  He usually never talked about his past with anyone.  “But I do remember she smiled a lot and she loved life.”
Her gaze shifted then and he felt it move slowly over him taking in every detail.  His shoulder length black hair that tended to be wavy courtesy of his Irish heritage, green eyes and sharp nose, strong jaw and a mouth that broke into a crooked smile.  His manager Gloria Swanson called it a sexy smile.
He kept fit, his body trim and healthy.  In his black suit, he hoped he would pass for dashing if it would help persuade this woman to like him a bit.
“My name is Zoe,” she said quietly. “I’m the—
“Excuse me, Miss Mya?” a young woman said interrupting from out of nowhere.  Robbie frowned at her with an unwelcome expression.
“Yes,” Zoe said looking at the woman.
“You are needed by Mrs. Castille.  She’s waiting in the chapel office.”
“Right,” Zoe sighed.  “I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
“Alright,” the young woman left as quietly as she’d appeared.  
“Must you go?” Robbie asked, meeting Zoe’s dark gaze.
“I do,” Zoe answered.  “It was nice meeting you, Robbie.”
She stood up and ran her hand down her thigh as though she were nervous.
Robbie stood up too.  “I’ll see you at the reception.  Please say you’ll be there.”
“I –uh- I’m not sure,” Zoe said.  “I’ve got to go.  Enjoy the reception.”
Offering her hand, he took it slowly.  The initial contact was a bit of surprise for both of them.  It was a connection he didn’t understand but wanted to pursue.  She pulled away and was gone before he could say anymore.

******

An hour later, Robbie stopped at the terrace doors and stared at the party in the expansive gardens.  He’d just spent his afternoon searching the crowd for Zoe.
“Where have you been?” Danny asked coming up on to the terrace.
Robbie swiped a glass of champagne from a passing waiter and loosened his tie, “Increasing my frustration.”
“Scary,” Danny shook his head.  “Are there too many women after you?”
“I just want one and she seems elusive.  I’ve been searching all over the place.  I want her.”
“You sound like a spoiled child,” Danny said chuckling when Robbie gave him a sour look.
His gaze traveling the length of the gardens, Robbie answered, “I am spoiled.”
He was about to continue when he saw her.  She was striding with purpose into the house using another side entrance.  She was flanked by two men in suits.  He knew their type well.  They were bodyguards.
“Excuse me,” Robbie said to Danny, hurrying into the house after her.  He was determined to have a conversation with her, perhaps get her number.  Placing his glass on a table, he went into the hallway.
He didn’t search long this time.  He found her in what he assumed was the drawing room.  The one door was closed while the other was wide open and he could see her standing by the window.  No sign of the bodyguards, smiling, he moved to enter the room, but she sighed and spoke.
“I always tried to imagine what this moment would feel like.”  The words were soft and so very emotional, Robbie felt his heart clench.  “I wondered if I’d be selfish and act like a bitch to your wife.  It would be expected, you know.”
She turned to her left, and then smiled at someone Robbie couldn’t see.  The expression on her face made Robbie ache.  He wanted to go and hug her tight.  Stepping back so she wouldn’t see him, he listened as she continued.
“Or maybe, I thought, I’d smile and be happy for you.  Act very gracious and be such a sweetheart to your woman,” she said. “But—,”
She shook her head.
“I’m none of those things.  None of them appeal to me because I’m just—, I’m sad.  I feel like I’m losing you.  You’ve always been there, now that you’re married—
“Nothing will change,” Kenny said surprising Robbie so much, he had to hold back a gasp.  To his horror, Kenny moved into view and gently took Zoe into his arms holding her tightly.  It made Robbie’s blood boil with jealousy. “You know that.”
“No, I don’t know that.  You don’t either,” Zoe said her voice muffled in Kenny’s chest.  “You seriously can’t stand here and tell me that despite this connection you’ve forged with Jess, things will be same as always.  Nothing is ever going to be the same and you know it.  I can’t help but be impossible about this.  I’m sorry.”
“That’s because you refuse to let anyone else close.  If you’d let Jess in—
“Never,” Zoe pulled back, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Angry, she wiped them away and turned from Kenny.  Breathing out, she put her hand over her mouth.  “I-uh-I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m so– I – don’t- God!”
Kenny pulled her back in his arms and held on as she turned into him to cling.
“I won’t tell her.  I won’t say anything, sweetheart.”
“Kenny,” Zoe sobbed out wrapping arms around his waist.  “Don’t hate me for this.  But I can’t seem to help it.  You’re mine.  I don’t want to give you up.”
“I understand.” Kenny soothed, rubbing her back gently. “I do.  There’s nothing to worry about.  I’m just glad you came today.”
Robbie couldn’t watch anymore.  Leaning on the wall, he tried to hold down the bile of jealousy climbing up.  If he hadn’t just been at Kenny’s wedding, he’d have thought that Zoe was his lover, although, maybe she was.
How could this happen?
The woman he wanted was his oldest, best friend’s lover.
Mistress, he adjusted bitterly.
The sound of clicking heels had him opening his eyes in time to see Jessica walking toward him.  She looked so happy; it catapulted him in to motion.  Pushing off the wall, he hurried to her.  Grabbing her hands, he hugged her.
Making sure he could be heard down the hall, he said, “How is the bride doing, ready for the honeymoon?  You look gorgeous today.”
“You’re such a charmer, McClaire.”  Jessica laughed.  “I don’t think I could be any happier.  Having the Prince of Rock around just makes the day so special.”
“I’m just Robbie today, love.  It’s your day,” Robbie said, pulling back to study her.
Her blue-green eyes sparkled with excitement.  She couldn’t seem to stop smiling.  The white Valentino gown was stunning against her delicate skin.  He wanted to beat Kenny for doing this to such a beautiful woman.
“Have you seen my husband?” Jessica said giggling after asking the question.  “How did that sound?  It tickles, I can’t believe I have one now.”
Robbie laughed with her and was relieved when he saw Kenny emerge from the drawing room.
“Here he comes you keep a tight leash on him now.”
Jessica grinned as Kenny came up to them.  “Don’t worry, Robbie.  I plan on hanging on to this one.  Right, Mr. Williams.”
“Absolutely,” Kenny agreed smiling at Jessica.
Robbie stepped back and watched as Jessica clung to her husband’s arm.  
They started for the door and Robbie said, “I’ll catch up in a minute.”
Kenny nodded and once Robbie saw them leave, he hurried back to the drawing room.  He ran into Zoe as she was coming out.  She’d composed herself though her eyes were still red.
He didn’t stop to think.
“You’re a piece of work,” Robbie stated, angry that he still wanted to know her.  “How could you?”
Zoe stared.  “What’s your problem?”
“This is his wedding.  You should be ashamed of yourself.” Robbie spat out bitterly. “His wife is around, she could have seen you.”
“You’re crazy,” Zoe said, moving to pass him but Robbie wouldn’t allow it.  Glaring at her, he warned.
“Stay away from Kenny if you know what’s good for you.  He’s happy; he doesn’t need a side dish.  I know your type and you’re nothing but trouble.”
Angry at how dark her eyes were and the fact that she turned him on like wild fire, Robbie was grudgingly impressed when she gave him a cold hard look before storming out without a single word.  Zoe headed for the front door and as it closed he realized he didn’t even know her last name.

~~~~~~
******
Strange how much it angered him to see Zoe in another man’s arms.  Even then, unaware of the friendship between her and Kenny, seeing Zoe in the arms of another man had aroused such a hot bitter wave of jealousy.
Robbie hadn’t known her then.  After being with her, it had almost driven him crazy to see her with that bastard she’d brought to London.
Opening his eyes, Robbie stared at the ceiling remembering how mistaken he’d been about Zoe’s relationship with Kenny.  After the explanation of that scene in the drawing room, he’d felt like a true idiot. 
“You jump to conclusions too fast, mi Caro,” she’d said then.  “Your jealousy blinds you to everything.  It’s flattering but what if it happens again, you will leave me?”
“You’re mine, Zoe.  I can’t stand any man close to you.  I’ll kill him first and ask questions later.”
Sitting up fast, he closed his eyes and tried to recall that day at the penthouse.
“Please let me go,” she’d said.
She’d kept telling him to let her go something about him deserving better.  How was it that she’d bring the man she’d supposedly fallen in love to their house?  Where she knew he’d see the guy?
Perhaps kill him.  She knew him so well.  Why had she been clinging to him?
She’d tried to pull him back while the other guy had been clinging to his shirt.  Zoe had been trying to protect him, he realized in surprise.
“Let me go,” he repeated quietly, the little minx.
Exactly why would she decide to make him so angry by doing the one thing guaranteed to drive him over the edge?
Why had she done it, without informing Kenny, her eternal guardian?
The door to the bedroom opened and Tevin stepped in.
Robbie stared at him his eyes wide.
“What?”
“She lied to me,” Robbie said. “Zoe lied to me.”
“We already know that, don’t we?” Tevin asked with a raised brow, confused by the comment.  “Are you drunk?”
“No.” Robbie frowned.  “I’m sober.  And Zoe lied about the boyfriend.  She didn’t love him,” he clarified.  “She doesn’t love him, he was bait and I fell for it.”
Tevin frowned at the newest form of denial he’d ever seen.  He needed to remind Gloria to contact a psychiatrist.  Robbie needed help.
“Whatever you need to believe to get through this mate,” Tevin said in support.

******
Chapter Thirteen

“You think I’m being stupid and naïve,” Robbie said when he saw Tevin’s expression.  Scoffing in disgust, he got off the bed and strolled to pull the curtains open on the large windows.
It was raining.  A rainy afternoon in Dublin, Robbie thought, he’d have loved to spend it in bed with Zoe, just talking, like they had done so many times before.
“May be I’m being ridiculous.” Robbie sighed, shaking his head he turned to look at Tevin, leaning on the windows negligently.  “I want to feel happy again.  Or maybe I should go for being okay.  The only way that is going to happen is if I talk to Zoe again.”
“You haven’t had a moment to think about this clearly.  You’re always drunk or with Marjorie.  I can’t imagine seeing the woman who brought you to this state is going to make things better for you.” Tevin reasoned moving to sit on the bed.  “Why don’t you take the time we do the European tour to think?”
“Thinking drives me to drink.  You know that more than I do.”
“Robbie, trust me you’ll be so busy and tired to contemplate drinking.  Will you trust me on this?”
“What happens at the end of the tour and I still want to talk to Zoe?”
“Then I’ll help you.”
Robbie studied his best friend for a moment just thinking about the suggestion.  It made a lot of sense although the need to see Zoe was overwhelming.  Tevin was right.  Rushing to find her was not the key.
“There is a condition,” Tevin said when he saw acceptance in Robbie’s eyes.
“What?”
“No Marjorie.”
“Done,” Robbie said without much thought.  “The tour ends in Athens then.”
“I’ll arrange it,” Tevin said with a smile.  Getting up, he stretched his arms above his head.  “If you’re right about Zoe, she’ll still be single in a month.”
“I hope I’m right,” Robbie said quietly heading for the shower.
As he stepped under the hot spray in the large shower stall, he found his thoughts straying to the past three years.  His life had changed when he started seeing Zoe.  So much about her had changed his views on life.  Just thinking about it made it so clear.

*****
Three years ago
“He’s getting married today,” Zoe said to Kelly Jones as she pulled on a forest green empire waist dress over head.  It was a Marie Francoise; Kelly had brought it the day before from the fitters.  “I have to be among them all today and not care that they drive me nuts.”
They were in Zoe’s hotel suite at the Norfolk hotel getting ready to go for Kenny’s wedding.  Kelly couldn’t help thinking that for people about to attend a happy event, their moods were bordering on depressing.
“I’m not sure why you are going through with this,” Kelly commented.
“If I don’t, I won’t forgive myself for letting Kenny down,” Zoe said turning to look at Kelly.  “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“You drive me nuts,” Kelly said shaking her head.  Arms at her waist, her slender body wrapped in a short black Vivienne Westwood dress, her hair mink black and spiky, she was every bit the rebel.  “You’re not in love with him, yet you’re going nuts that he’s getting married.”
“He’s marrying my weird sister,” Zoe protested.
“You don’t like your family,” Kelly continued.  “Yet, you’re standing there dressing for a day with them.  You’re setting yourself up for heartbreak.”
Zoe scowled.  “Do you have to make it sound so pathetic?”
“I’ll be cleaning up the mess.  Because that’s what you’ll be after today,” Kelly said grabbing a brush off the vanity table.
Dealing with Zoe could sometimes turn into the worst job on earth but times like this; she couldn’t help but be protective.
At twenty-one, the public loved her for her flair with music, her beauty and the mystery that was her personal life.  It was difficult to get an exclusive from Zoe, a fact that had reporters in the continent clamoring for the honor.
“Chris wants you to have tour dates in Australia,” Kelly said once she was done brushing through the famous mane of hair.  Placing the brush on the vanity tables she leaned on it and studied Zoe.  “I’ll try and talk him out of it if you think it’s too much.”
Zoe sighed at the thought of her producer.  Christ Stone could be trying and hard headed but he knew what her career needed.  He’d helped built Zoella Mya and the brand name was strong and lucrative.  The problem with Chris, he sometimes forgot she was human.
“I’ll think about it.  I just came back from Japan.  I need time to breathe.”
“You’re my little working machine.” Kelly teased.  “Why would you need such a thing?”
Zoe smiled and Kelly nodded.  “You look gorgeous now.”
“Better than the bride,” Zoe asked with a wink.
“Definitely,” Kelly said picking up the handbag on the table, she straightened up.  “I’ll have you carry your cell phone with you when we get there.  Your family is dangerous.  You might need it.”
Zoe laughed.  “You make them sound like the mafia.”
“They are.” Kelly insisted as they walked out.

*****

At the chapel Zoe came out of the car in time to see her mother walk out of the chapel.  Pasting on a smile, she braced herself for the frigid cold wind.
“Buon giorno, Mamma,” Zoe said.
“I imagined you’d be some place else.  You’re not here to stop the wedding are you?” Gabriella Castille said her tone far from teasing.
Absorbing the expected reaction to the jab, Zoe said, “Hardly.  I just wanted to see it happen.”
“How good of you,” Gabriella said.
“Quite,” Zoe replied.  “I wouldn’t miss it for anything.”
“I’m sure.  Please go on in,” Gabriella said, promptly dismissing her by walking away.  Refusing to look back and see who would be getting a warmer welcome, Zoe walked into the chapel.
Kelly sighed and braced herself for a very long day.
Inside, Zoe took in the lavish and elegant decorations.  It was expected of the Castille family, Zoe mused.  Standing at the altar were three men, looking handsome in black suits and bowties.  Catching her brother’s gaze, she smiled at him and felt reassured when he returned it.  She really didn’t want to catch Kenny’s gaze, the pain would be too much.
She chose a seat on the groom’s side at the back.  Kelly sat beside her and Zoe found herself subtly glancing at the time on her phone.  Mentally, she calculated how long she could stay here.
Kenny had chosen his best friend to be his best man, along side her brother Danny.  If things were different, she’d be standing beside Jessica as maid of honor.  Instead, Jessica’s best friend stood there.  Not that she knew the woman’s name.  That told a lot about her relationship with the family.  Everyone was smiling.  She couldn’t seem to gather enough energy for it.  How could she when her heart was breaking?
“Do you Kenneth Daven Williams take Jessica Castille to be your lawfully wedded wife?” The question was patient and defining from the priest.
Zoe felt her heart thud a million times as she watched Kenny smile brilliantly and answer. “I do.”
The answer was so confident; Zoe wanted to scream in protest.  Jessica was a cold human being who didn’t deserve Kenny’s kind heart.  She couldn’t stay any longer.  Getting up, she signaled Kelly to stay and slipped quietly out of the church using a side entrance.  She found herself wondering in the garden.
What a sham.  She’d never believe Jessica was in love with Kenny.
The woman was too bad to be in love, Zoe thought meanly.
And what was marriage for anyway?
She’d never be able to commit to a marriage.  It just demanded too much from a person.  It needed trust, belief, passion, love, the truth was that it scared her that watching Kenny had made her want to be able to make that commitment to someone. 
To love someone that much that you want to be a part of their life always, no matter what.
Argh...she needed to stop these ridiculous thoughts.  Pulling out her phone, she called Chris Stone.
“Wherever it is you want me to go, I’ll go.”
“What’s wrong?” Chris asked immediately.
“Nothing, I just don’t want to be in London.”
“You can’t keep running.”
“Don’t you want me to work?” Zoe said her brow rose at Chris’s concern.
“You know I do,” Chris said.  “I just expect protest.  You’re making it easy.  I have to worry when you make it easy.  I’m not a complete monster you know.”
“I’m fine, Chris.  You book me for all the dates you want.  It doesn’t matter where as long as you keep it away from the Americas.”
“Hey did something happen?  Coz you can talk to me,” Chris said, concerned by the submissive attitude.  She seemed too agreeing at the moment.
“I’m not ready yet.  Sometime later on,” Zoe answered then hung up before he could ask more questions.
The church bells started ringing and her phone rang.  It was Kelly wondering where she’d gone to.
“I’m in the gardens.”
“Chris just called me.  If you’re sure about this we have to leave in the morning.  I have to get things ready.  Are you sure about going to Australia?”
“Yes Kelly, I’ll do it.  I know it’s important to Chris.”
“What about you?  Aren’t you tired?  You just came back from a tour.”
“Don’t worry about me.”
“You’re upset,” Kelly said on a sigh.
“I’m not upset.  I just want to get away from London,” Zoe said.
“We shouldn’t have come to this wedding.  You’re going to be a mess.”
“I told you I won’t be a coward.  And there won’t be a mess to clean up.  I’m behaving myself,” Zoe protested.
“Fine, I have to go.  Get away as soon as you can.”
“I’ll be at the hotel soon.  Don’t worry, Cara.  I’ll be fine, ciao.”
“Yeah, that’s what you say,” Kelly said as she hung up.
Letting out a sigh, she wondered at how relieved she felt leaving the country again.  Her relapse in the church was simply that.  She’d long decided she’d die a spinster.  Being a cat lady had its appeal.  She liked cats, a lot.
“You need a flower.”
The voice startled her so much; she almost fell off her perch on the bench.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to startle you.  I saw you sigh and – well—
It was Kenny’s best friend.  His face looked vaguely familiar but she couldn’t quite place him.  What was he doing here?  And why was he looking at her like she’d come from another planet?  He started to move closer and she braced herself.  The reaction was unchecked it just seemed to happen whenever she was around strangers.
“My mother used to tell me that flowers make you smile.  The scent is therapeutic.  Try it.”
He stuck a white flower in her face and she blinked staring at it.  It had been a very long time since anyone had given her a flower out of the blue.
Charmed, she covered her surprise with a stupid question while she took the flower.
“Who are you?”
“My name is Robbie.  I’m the best man.”  He grinned making her smile.
“Shouldn’t you be serving the groom and bride?”
“I’d rather be talking to a beautiful woman.  May I sit?”
He was trouble.  No man talked like that and wasn’t trouble.  Staring down at the flower, she wondered what he’d do if she said no.  Then before she could say it, she was nodding yes.  
Well, interesting decision.
Having him so close was an experience in itself.  His cologne though subtle blended in with the scent of the gardenia she held and drove her senses into a riot.  Her heart skipped and she blamed Kenny and his stupid wedding.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
“Is it important?” Did he know who she was?  If he didn’t her telling him her name would change things.  She rather like that he was treating her so normal.
“At this particular moment yes it is.”
“Does that line work for you?”  This one was a charmer she thought amused.
“Not usually, but I’m hoping it works now.”
Chuckling at the answer, she brought the flower up to smell it.  Delicious, stalling, she said instead.  “Your mother sounds like a wise woman.”
“She was.”
His tone sounded nostalgic.  He was sounding like he missed her terribly.
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I didn’t realize she’d passed away.”
“I was very young,” he said quietly.  “But I do remember she smiled a lot and loved life.”
He’d obviously loved her very much, Zoe deduced, her gaze straying to his profile.  He was a handsome man.  His eyes so green, she was sure the ocean was no comparison.  His hair was dark like hers.  It curled at his shoulders very inviting.  His mouth was his defining feature.  It was so sexy and sensual she was sure she blushed.  Meeting his gaze, she found herself saying, 
“My name is Zoe.  I’m the—,”
“Excuse me, Miss Mya?” the question was like a jolt back to reality.
What was she thinking?
“Yes?”
“You’re needed by Mrs. Castille.  She’s waiting in the chapel office.”
“Right,” Just what she needed. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
“Okay.” The lady left as quietly as she’d appeared.  It was like the universe was telling her something.
“Do you have to go?” Green eyes implored her.  For a very strange reason, she was unaware of, she found herself wanting to stay.
“I do.  It was nice meeting you, Robbie.”
Standing up, she straightened her dress as he followed suit.  “I’ll see you at the reception.  Please say you’ll be there.”
It was likely she’d be leaving after a meeting with her mother.  “I-uh- I’m not sure.  I’ve got to go.  Enjoy the reception though.”
Offering her hand, he took it slowly.  She stared at their joined hands wondering why she wanted to stay so badly.  What was it about this stranger that was making her feel this way?  Taking her hand back, she hurried away short of breath as she headed in the direction of the chapel.  The sooner she left London, the faster her life would return to normal.
Gabriella Castille was waiting patiently in the office.  She stood looking out the windows her shoulders straight, her hair in an elegant chignon.  She looked gorgeous in a soft gold dress that was floor length, obviously tailored to fit by Gucci.
“You wanted to see me?” Zoe said in Italian.
Her mother preferred they talk to her in her mother tongue.
“Yes.” Gabriella turned to study her.  “You didn’t take any photographs with the bride and groom.”
“I didn’t feel up to it,” Zoe said quietly.  “Is that it?”
“Can’t I just call you to be with you, Zoella?”
“Mamma, let’s not pretend we’re getting along,” Zoe said.  “You didn’t want me to come here today.  I wouldn’t do that to my best friend—
“About that,” Gabriella cut in, “your sister is concerned.  You and Kenny should cool that relationship for her sake, stay away from each other.”
“Ha, I knew you were up to something.”  Zoe shook her head in disbelief.  “I can’t believe you.  Do you ever stop to think that what is being assumed is not true?”
“Is it untrue that your pictures are often on the entertainment news where everyone speculates whether you two have been together?”
“Oh, yes, dig in the murk with everyone else, Mamma.  Tell Jessica what you want. I’m leaving this farce,” Zoe snapped angry beyond belief.
“Zoella, don’t walk out that door,” Gabriella ordered.
“What are you going to do?” Zoe asked pulling the door open.  “Kelly was right, this was a mistake.  But I won’t regret it.  I came for Kenny.”
Shaking her head, she hurried out of the office determined to find Kenny then leave this place.

****

“Why are you here?” Kelly asked in exasperation.
It was midnight and she’d been looking for Zoe the better part of the night.  Why hadn’t she thought to look in the lounge?
Perched on the piano bench, Zoe played the piano, a glass of red wine stood on top of the polished piano surface.  She was still in the clothes she’d worn at the wedding.  A few members of staff sat listening to Zoe play, though they got up when they saw Kelly.
“Where is your phone?”
“Kelly, hi,” Zoe said pausing mid-chord with a wide smile.
“Don’t smile at me.  Do you know what time it is?  You’re bound for Australia in hours.  What am I going to do with you?”
“You’re so cross.”  Zoe sighed, reaching for her wine glass.  It was almost empty.  Frowning into it, she reached for the bottle and sighed when she discovered it too was empty.  Looking around, she wondered if she might get another bottle.
“You’re getting drunk off this stuff,” Kelly said grabbing the glass and the bottle away.
“Wait.” Zoe moaned, reaching out but the motion sent the world spinning around her. “Whoa, why are there two of you?”
“Ask the merlot,” Kelly said.  Handing the glass and bottle to a passing waiter, she reached for Zoe.  “I told you, you’d be a mess.  What happened?”
“Nothing,” Zoe said allowing Kelly to help her up.  Arm around Kelly’s shoulder, she concentrated on walking.  “What’s so good about happiness anyway?  It’s overrated, right Kels?  We don’t need marriage, you and I, do we?”
“Not at all,” Kelly said punching the elevator button.
Thankfully, the doors slid open immediately and with expert maneuvering Kelly helped Zoe into the elevator.  “I have to get you sober by the time you land tomorrow, love.  Otherwise we’re screwed.”
“Stop fretting, Kels.” Zoe slurred out, her eyes were feeling very heavy.  She couldn’t seem to concentrate on what Kelly was saying.  “I met a man today.  He had such green eyes...so deep!”
“Really,” Kelly was surprised by this.  Zoe hardly dated.  Most of her relationships lasted a week if at all.  She never talked about them.  “Who is this man?”
“He told me to stay away from Kenny.” Zoe giggled as they left the elevator and headed for the suite.  “I’d never hurt Kenny—
“Sweetie, who is this man,” Kelly asked worried.
“He—,” Zoe swallowed hard, the world was spinning again.
Kelly opened the door and they got inside her suite.  Seeing the messy room that proclaimed her true nature, tears stung Zoe’s eyes for the second time today.  “He said I’m-a-a piece of shame.”
Holding back a laugh, Kelly took her charge to the bedroom and helped her lie down on the bed.  Pulling off the green kitten heel sandals Zoe wore; Kelly covered her with a blanket.
“Get some sleep, love, you’re a mess.”
“A mess, I’m always a mess.” Zoe murmured as she passed out.

*****

“Sydney, Australia,” Mick Sanders said staring at the city from a bridge.
It was nearly morning and the limousine driver had pulled over at the band’s request.  They all needed to stretch their legs a bit.  Traveling could be so tiresome.
“It looks timid enough,” Mick said.
“Just another city,” Tevin said on a sigh.  “I certainly hope it lightens McClaire’s mood.  He’s been a dragon since he returned from Kenny’s wedding.”
“It could be a woman,” Ron said leaning on the railing to stare down at the water underneath.  It was dark and murky like most rivers running through cities tended to be.  “I’d like to meet her if she has him acting that way.”
“What’s our schedule like here?” Mick asked.
“Pretty busy,” Tevin sighed, “interviews, appearances, photo shoots, and the usual.”
“Guys,” Robbie called from inside the car, “stop gossiping and get in.  Gloria’s waiting for us at the television studio.”
“God, you’re so cranky, McClaire,” Ron said once they were all in the car and it was moving again.  “Is something bothering you?”
Robbie glared and shook his head.  He wasn’t about to admit that he hadn’t stopped thinking about a certain dark haired mistress.
Why did she have to be with Kenny?
There were two rules he lived by, no drugs and never interfere with a best friend’s woman, current or ex-girlfriend.  It pissed him off that Zoe was a current and he couldn’t have her even when she was an ex.
“You have everyone on pins and needles.” Ron commented, noting the scowl playing on Robbie’s forehead.  “Can you deal?”
“I’m good for it,” Robbie said far too hard to be civilized.  Shrugging he ignored the speculative glances and refused to meet Tevin’s and Mick’s gazes.

****

“Who am I talking to?” Zoe asked.
Her head throbbed like she had been hit by a bus.  She rather wished she was in bed.  Kelly handed her an aspirin and a glass of water.
“The host is Nora Jennings.  A rock band is coming in after you.”  The television producer explained as he oversaw her make-up and the technician wired her microphone.
“No surprises, I hate surprises.” Zoe warned in her best no nonsense Zoella Mya tone.
“We understand.  Everything is in order as per your manager’s instructions.”
“Good,” Zoe said.  She guarded her personal life selfishly.  “How long is it going to take?”
“Fifteen minutes.” 
“Fine,” Zoe nodded grateful that the sound engineer was done with her.  Hoping the aspirin would kick in, Zoe gave Kelly thumbs up, before she followed the show producer.  On their way to the stage, Zoe paused at a poster on the wall with the name Haden on it and stared at the man in the forefront.  In dark edgy clothes, a skull belt buckle on his hips, he seemed so—
“Miss Mya,” the producer prompted.
Realizing she’d stopped, Zoe continued on after the man.  A nagging thought in her head.  She’d really seen that man somewhere.
“Get ready; your cue is on in five, four, and three—
They urged her onto the stage.  Shrugging the thought away, Zoe concentrated on the situation at hand.  Marketing music required so much effort.  The spotlight was a vital part of her career yet it was also the most difficult.  It demanded so much from her that she often chafed against it.  But, she understood that sales required exposure.  With that spirit, she pasted on a smile and met Nora Jennings.
Nora was bubbly.  She wore a standard all-knowing smile on her average face.  Her blond hair was cut into a neat bob.  Her blue eyes were hungry.  She had a tidy figure.  She had chosen to dress in a sky blue trouser suit that matched her eyes.  She smiled wide.  Those straight red lips curved neatly.  No doubt she was ready to squeeze every last secret from Zoe.
Well, Zoe thought, good luck with that.
“Look at you,” Nora exclaimed for the rolling cameras, hugging Zoe airily.  “Doesn’t she look gorgeous?”
The question was aimed at the live audience.  The mostly feminine crowd clapped and made approving noises.  Zoe silently thanked her hairstylist.  Her makeup was done to compliment her olive skin, dark eyes and even darker hair.  The stylist had dressed her short slim figure in army green tights, black calf length boots that enhanced her height. She wore a short pastel dress with ruffles and her hair was left to tumble down her back in waves.  At least today she had a plus for fashion.
“Thank you,” Zoe said taking the seat offered, “For the welcome and having me on your show.”
“The pleasure is all mine,” Nora said.  Turning to the audience and the camera she continued. “Zoella Mya is a world renowned classical musician.  She’s won awards across Europe, Asia and the U.K.  She is up for an Aria award in Australia.  How do you do it, Zoella?”
“My fans make it possible,” Zoe answered.  She smiled when the crowd applauded.
“They love you,” Nora noted.
“I love them too,” Zoe replied.
The audience clapped and Nora smiled.  She was about to jump in for the kill.  Zoe mustered her composure for the first question.
“Now I know you get this a lot, but I have to ask.  Your accent fascinates me.  Your English is so sexy.  Do you get that from people?”
It was easy enough.  Zoe just had to make sure she didn’t mention names.  “Sexy is new.  Usually I get asked where am from or which language I speak.  I like sexy.”
“I’d have to say you border on Italian or Spanish, somewhere there,” Nora said.  She was probing.
“Very close, I’m half Italian, the other is Greek.”  Zoe refused to elaborate any further.
“What language do you speak at home?” Nora asked with a gleam in those eyes. 
“Greek,” Zoe answered.  She held Nora’s stare and smiled for the camera.
Nora hid her frustration.  She didn’t miss a beat.
“Does it influence your music at all?  Being born in two cultures and having to learn English as a third language.  Has that made you different?”
“It’s made me better,” Zoe said carefully.  “I’d like to think the diversity of my life plays a huge role in my music.”
“How did you get started playing music?  How old were you?”
Tricky question, Zoe thought.
It was legitimate.  She had to answer it for her job.  But it also probed into her personal life.  She was not ready to give away anything about her life.  She opted for an anecdote.
“I was six,” Zoe smiled at the surprised murmur that swept the audience.  “My family was on vacation in Italy.  One night there was a man playing the guitar in the square.  Everyone was dancing to the music, looking so happy.  It was fascinating.  From that day on, I wanted my own guitar.”
“How did that go at six years old?” Nora asked, appeased by a small insight into Zoe’s life.
“It drove everyone in the house crazy,” Zoe said smiling with the audience.  “The noise was unimaginable.”
Nora chuckled.  “Obviously you eventually learned.  I hear you play most music instruments.”
“I play all stringed instruments.  The cello is my favorite.  I also play the piano.”
“You’ve had three albums out.  Impressive feat at twenty-one,” Nora complemented.  “Out of the three which one was the most exciting to make?”
“I’d have to say the latest one,” Zoe replied.  When it came to her music, she could talk for hours.  Her music was her life, she reveled in it.  “Endless was first and I was nervous with it.  It needed to be good and able to grab attention.  It was hard work.  Fantasy was second.  I felt it should out do the first one.  There was a lot of pressure there.  Cantabile has been a lot of fun.  Composing it and recording the music has been an amazing experience.  I’ve worked with great people all over Europe.  It was an exciting time.”
“The verdict on Angel’s falling, the first song released from the Cantabile album, is that the song is extraordinary.”
“The response to Angel’s falling has been extremely exciting.  I’m very happy my fans out there love it.”
The review had come out a week ago.  She’d been going out of her mind for a full three days before it came out.  Chris and Kelly had kept her in a media blackout to prevent her from driving them crazy.
Nora nodded and moved on to the next question.  “There have been rumors, but we all know how that goes.  It’s always better to get it straight.  So...are you seeing anyone?”
Zoe laughed.  “I’d have to say no.  I’m quite single.”
“Seriously, you’re gorgeous.  How can you be alone?” Nora asked placing the cards aside.
This young woman fascinated her.  There was something elementally different about Zoella.  It was as though she lived in such a different world from everyone else.
“I haven’t had the time.  But maybe in the future I will,” Zoe said, “One can’t plan these things.”
Nora smiled at the ambiguous answer and almost screamed at the show’s director when he urged her on to the next segment.  Perhaps she could have gotten Zoella Mya to reveal more.  She would never know now, turning to the audience she clapped,
“Let’s all give a hand to Zoella Mya.  Thank you for being on the morning show.”
“You’re very welcome.” 
“Be sure to catch her show tonight at the Silver Amphitheatre,” Nora said.  “We are going to give our audience free tickets to the show.  Take a friend.”  The producer sent them to commercial and Nora turned to Zoe to say, “You were great.”
“Just following your cues,” Zoe answered with a small smile, before Nora could say more; the director urged them back on.
“Coming to join us are four fabulous rock stars.  They have won music awards all over the world, with their thrilling music.  These four men have taken the world by storm.  Please join me in welcoming the band Haden to the morning show.”
The crowd roared in applause as rock music filled the studio.  Zoe found herself clapping with the audience as the band walked onto the stage.  Handsome was the first thought she had.  All four of them swaggered in seemingly untouched by the screaming crowd and the effect their smiles induced from the women.
“Robbie, Tevin, Mick and Ron,” Nora said as they all walked to her. 
Each of them greeted Nora with a hug and a kiss on her cheek.  Then they turned to Zoe and did the same with her.  The audience was still clapping as Zoe took her seat in an arm chair furthest from Nora.  The band members took the couch.
As the audience settled, Nora started introductions. 
“Haden has been in the studio for the past few months writing their latest album which would tally their albums to five now.  For eight years, Haden has been going strong, as I said before, they’ve won Grammies, BMAs, European Awards, and the Rolling Stone calls them ‘pipin’ hot’.  Mick Sanders, Ron Jasper, Tevin Whittaker and Robbie McClaire, thank you for coming on the show today.”
The guys all nodded as the audience applauded again.
Zoe studied the band members as the show proceeded.  They were the band she’d seen in the poster in the hall way.  Mick Sanders, who sat closest to her, struck her as the comedian in the group.  He seemed to have a twinkle in his eyes and winked at her when she met his gaze.  She couldn’t help smiling at him.  His brown hair was spiked and he sported a lip ring and an eyebrow ring.  Dressed in a black t-shirt, black pants with a silver chain hanging on his left hip, she imagined he’d be quite fun to spend time with.
Beside him was Ron Jasper.  His dirty blond hair was held back in a ponytail.  He had a gorgeous smile and very kind eyes.  A day old beard on his jaw made him look rakish.  He would be the level headed one with a hidden wild streak, she decided.
Tevin Whittaker was blonde, his hair cut short and styled into an edgy short Mohawk.  He was the Greek god type.  His body was in top shape, dressed in a white t-shirt and matching slacks with white boots.  His fingers spotted rings and an earring blinked from his left ear.  His blue eyes were bright and hid an intelligence Zoe wanted to explore.
Then she moved her gaze to Robbie McClaire just as he pulled off the shades he’d been wearing.  Her heart almost jumped out of her chest.
How could it be?  How hadn’t she recognized him?
That bastard from Kenny’s wedding should have been unforgettable.
She caught her gasp just as he looked at her, his green eyes meeting hers as recognition registered.
“How long is Haden in town?” Nora was asking excited by being around such handsome men.  They oozed charisma and personality.  It was hard not to be awed.
Tevin frowned when Robbie remained silent.
“Two weeks,” Tevin answered moving slightly to see who Robbie was staring at.  
It puzzled him even more when he realized it was Zoella Mya.  She seemed stunned herself.  Clearing his throat, he moved his hand and bumped Robbie into attention.
“We’re hoping to see Australia a bit while we’re here,” Tevin said.
“You’re definitely in for a treat,” Nora said oblivious to the little drama going on.  “So what have you guys been up to other than work?  No recent scandals lately….,”
The band members all laughed at the way she said the last sentence.  Robbie forced himself to pay attention to the interview.  He’d never imagined that he’d meet the object of his thoughts in a studio on national television in Australia.
How had he not realized that she was Zoella Mya?
He’d always admired the artist, the complete genius of her music.  It was bloody disappointing to find out that she was a little whore about to destroy a new marriage.  Clenching his fists tightly he tuned in to Nora.
“Ah, Robbie is shaking his head,” Nora was saying.  “Don’t you agree with that?”
Not quite sure what was being discussed, he turned to Tevin for help.
“It’s not difficult performing in different cities, is it?” Tevin said.
“Hardly,” Robbie agreed, forcing his gaze away from Zoella to say to Nora.  “As long as there are fans that’ll come to the concerts and love our music, performing is a breeze.  We love it.” 
The audience clapped at the comment and Nora beamed.  “So who is the most serious and who is the funniest in the band?”
“Fun guy,” Tevin chuckled, “depends on what kind of fun.”
“The clean kind,” Nora said laughing.
“Ron,” Mick said.  “He makes great jokes.”
“Pranks really,” Robbie commented with glee.  At the corner of his eyes, he saw Zoella smile and he scowled a bit.  Why was she smiling?
“Hey,” Ron protested with a grin.  “The serious guy is Robbie.  He’s quite a handful when he decides to sulk around the place.”
“I don’t sulk,” Robbie said when Nora laughed.  “I’m usually contemplating on the importance of life and everyone else is usually trying to stop me.”
The audience laughed and Nora clapped.  “I’d love to be in a tour bus with you guys.”
“I’m not too sure,” Tevin answered.  “We hate to break it to you folks but guys living in a bus alone for a lengthy period of time…” Shaking his head, “You’d be running away from us.”
Nora chuckled.  “I think it would be fun.  Do you get into fights?”
“Many times,” Ron said solemnly, “especially when Mick decides to eat burgers loaded with onions.”
“That is unnecessary, Jasper,” Mick said reaching over to lock Ron’s head in an arm lock, he rubbed the top of Ron’s head vigorously.  “This happens a lot too in the bus.”
The applause was deafening and Nora had to raise her hand up to gain attention again.  
“You guys are going to perform for us today.  I would like to talk about your music before that.  You’ve been going for eight years now.  Has the band grown in the direction you imagined it would when you started?”
“I can say—, and I think the rest of the guys agree—, the four albums that we’ve worked on are a form of growth ladder we’ve taken.  Each album has gotten us at a different time in our lives.  We’ve explored and changed a lot of things through the process.  Most times we also learned new things about ourselves.  All in all, I do think with the experiences we’ve had, the place Haden is in right now is right,” Robbie said.
“Which was the hardest album to do?” Nora asked.
Tevin answered the question, “Dark Angel.”
Tevin knew exactly how Robbie felt about Haden’s second album.  It had come at a very difficult time.
“Your second album, it came after the death of Haden’s fifth member, Ryan Jacques,” Nora said in understanding.
“Yes.  It was a trying time for all of us; Dark Angel was a labor of love,” Tevin said.  
The entire band agreed and Robbie turned just then and caught Zoella’s gaze.  His own filled with sorrow and haunting memories; the sight of it staggered Zoe for a moment.  She was surprised by the raw emotion she saw there.  But it lasted only a moment.
The next minute, she wasn’t sure whether she blinked, and all she could see in those hard green eyes was stark dislike.  The kind that left you frozen inside as it did her stomach at that moment.  He hated her, and she didn’t understand why.

****
Chapter Fourteen
“I’ll be in the car,” Zoe said to Kelly the moment she was out of the studio.  She started for the exit, Tony her bodyguard close behind her.
“What’s wrong?” Kelly demanded, matching Zoe’s footsteps.
“Nothing, I just want to get out of here.  Next time, will you check who’s on a show with me?  It’s important to know these things.” Zoe snapped bringing Kelly to a stop right before the exit.
Closing her eyes on yet another apology she needed to make to Kelly, Zoe rushed for the stairwell.
“Leave me alone a bit Tony, I’ll be fine,” she said as she pulled the door open.
Grabbing the rail as she went down the stairs, she breathed out hard.  It didn’t matter what they thought of her.  She didn’t care.
God, she paused, doubling over.  A shaky hand clutching the railing, she closed her eyes.  Why did it matter?  Why did that look of disgust get to her?  He didn’t matter.  He was no one to her.
You belong to me….no one else.
The words whispered so quietly in her head paralyzed her.  She’d been unable to keep them out today.  She didn’t need the reminder that she was psychotic.  Looking up and down the stair well to make sure she was alone, Zoe leaned on the wall and allowed herself a moment of weakness.  Head in her hands, she sighed and wished she was stronger.
How she wished she could call Kenny.  He would know what to say to take this panic that was rising away.  It wasn’t easy feeling as though she was teetering on the edge of madness.  She was feeling out of control.  A door opened and she gasped, straightening quickly, she took in a deep breath and started down the stairs again.
“Wait,” Robbie McClaire said above her and she turned to seem him coming toward her.  “I want to talk to you.”
“I don’t,” Zoe said, not stopping at all.
She couldn’t handle another encounter with him.  The last one had left her drunk and knee deep in self pity.
“Do you always act this way?” Robbie asked catching up with her.  He moved in front of her, stopping her from taking the next flight of stairs.  “You have time for every one but me.”
“Who do you think you are that you deserve time from me?” Zoe asked slapping at the hands that had moved to hold on to her.
“The person who can destroy your career,” Robbie said.  “We should become friends you know.”
Robbie narrowed his green eyes as he took in her astonished expression.
“Destroy?” She scoffed.  “Well, you certainly have a large ego.  Get out of my way.”
“You’re forgetting something,” Robbie said blocking her way.  “I’m the one who has the scoop.  First hand information about a certain affair you’re having with a married man.”
“What?”
This was too much, Zoe thought.  Did he actually think that she and Kenny were—?
“Get out of my way or am going to scream bloody murder, culo.”
“So prickly,” Robbie sighed.  “Well, okay, but remember I’m around.  I’m watching you.  I’ll do whatever it takes to keep my best friend’s marriage out of trouble.”
“Fuck off,” Zoe said not believing what she was hearing.
The urge to laugh and cry at the same time was so overwhelming that it gave her strength to push past Robbie and stumble down the stairs.
There had been many bizarre instances in her life, but this one certainly topped them.  Robbie McClaire was a mad man.

****
“Where have you been?”  Tevin asked Robbie when he finally appeared in the lobby, “Gloria almost had the security looking for you.”
Robbie shrugged and murmured, “No where really.”
****
In the security room at the Aussy Television Station, the security officer reran the tape he’d pulled out from the stairwell camera.  
Was this actual luck or what?
He was about to hit the jackpot.
Who would have thought that Robbie McClaire and the conservative Zoella Mya were having an affair?
He watched as Zoella pushed passed Robbie and the security guard grinned.  It didn’t matter that there was no audio.  The fact remained that any tabloid magazine would buy this for a hefty price.
****
That evening, Robbie prowled his hotel room, unable to settle down.  Tevin, Ron and Mick had gone out to a club opening.  He hadn’t been feeling up to it.  His bodyguards were in the lounge room watching soccer.  There was a huge game on, and it would usually have interested him but not tonight.
It was only eight o’clock, and he was wandering the penthouse in restless motion.
Turning on the television in his bedroom, Robbie wondered why he was feeling this way.  He didn’t feel like mindless sex with another faceless woman.  Though if he wanted, it could be arranged.  He’d tried to tune his head into music, but all he could think about was a raven haired minx with the most enticing dimples he’d ever seen.
She was beautiful, talented, lord was she talented.  He’d heard her music.  Zoella Mya was a force to be reckoned with.  It pained him to know that she was a tart to go with it.
What did she find in Kenny anyway?
They had such different backgrounds; he doubted Zoella and Kenny could have a decent conversation.
Damn it!  He was not going to think about this.
Surfing the channels, a sly thought slipped into his head.
They didn’t need to converse.  Squelching the image of Zoella and Kenny locked in passionate embrace; Robbie could only sneer when a commercial advertising Zoella Mya in concert at the Silver Amphitheater came on.
‘Experience a magical world with fantastic music that will seduce you into a beautiful dream.’
Her promotion team was excellent; he thought grudgingly, they certainly spared no quarter advertising her.
Half an hour later, he stood at the balcony in the Silver Amphitheater staring at the magnificent stage done in passionate reds and burgundies.  The woman seated on a stool, a cello between her legs, flowing red skirts around her as she played the instrument could only be described as a siren.  She was beyond beauty.  She seemed unreal in that moment. 
The orchestra behind her enhanced her music, though she remained the focus.  The tones of the cello echoed in the theatre with a thrill.  Drawing and enticing the audience making them want more.  Nothing seemed to matter as his gaze remained transfixed on the woman on stage.
It was like looking into a dream.  An imagination of what seduction in its purest form would look like.  This woman was so intense, so deep and utterly sensual, the music flowed right out of her onto the cello and the process moved her so much, she couldn’t contain it.  It was passion and it pulled him in.
When the concert was over, she stood up and bowed gracefully, the lights dimmed and he was jerked back into reality.  It didn’t make sense why he was here.  Not even when he sneaked in back stage and went in search of her dressing room.
While he waited for her, he tried to remind himself that Zoella Mya was Kenny’s mistress.  He had no business being here.
“I’m just appreciating her music,” he told himself.
Yeah right, Robbie sighed.
He was certifiable.  He was a grown man with a brain.  It really didn’t matter what she was and to whom.  He could be mature about this.  He would talk to her, have a fuck, get her out of his system, and then he’d leave.  What was so hard about that?
He was about to start prowling around the room when the door slammed open and she stumbled in as though someone was chasing her.
Zoella closed the door just as fast and leaned on it, taking deep breaths to calm down.  When she opened her eyes and saw him, she almost screamed and had to visibly stop the action by pressing her hands to her mouth.  Her eyes so wide he felt guilty for startling her.
“I’m sorry,” he said gently.  “I didn’t mean to scare you like that.  Are you alright?”
Forcing air into her lungs, Zoe fought for control.  The need to scream overwhelmed her to a point she couldn’t keep it controlled.
Why was Robbie in here?  Who’d let this man into her sanctuary?
She was going to lose it.  Closing her eyes, she leaned over, fighting now for control.
“What’s happened?” Robbie asked rushing to her.  She looked so distressed.  
His movement panicked Zoe more than she could ever explain to him.  She practically bit her lip to suppress the automatic scream that crept up on her. 
“Zoella,” Robbie said.
She put out her hand to keep him away.  The soft tone of his voice soothed her a bit, something that surprised her. 
“It’s nothing.”  She managed, straightening up slowly.  The nausea that had been rising subsided and she opened her eyes.
He looked too good, was the first thought that crossed her mind.  The scene at the stairwell that morning came in second and she found he was the last person she wanted to see.
He actually thought—, in that gorgeous head of his—, that she was sleeping with Kenny.  If he didn’t make her so angry this would be incredibly funny, she thought.
“Get out,” she said, taking a step forward and reaching for the door handle behind her.
“Can we talk?” Robbie asked his green eyes full of concern.
Whatever it was she was going through, he was not about to leave her alone.  She looked peaked.
“About earlier—,” he started.
“I have nothing to say,” Zoe said pulling the door open.  She motioned for him to leave.  “I don’t need your accusations.  Twice is enough.”
“Accusations,” Robbie frowned.  “You can’t be denying the facts, can you?  I saw you with Kenny at his wedding, you know.  You can’t deny it.” 
“I have no time for eavesdroppers,” Zoe snapped wondering why she was cursed with lunatics.  “I’m going to scream for security.  Leave me alone, Mr. McClaire.  I don’t have to take this from you.”
Angry at her denial to the obvious, Robbie shook his head and moved toward the door.  He didn’t need to cause a scandal in Sydney but giving this woman a sound beating on her butt made it almost worth it.
“Why are you so annoying?” Robbie demanded stopping where she stood.  She kept her gaze fixed straight ahead, which pissed him off even more.
“It’s just an affair,” he said with a hiss.  “If you want it so badly, why don’t you just ask me?”
“Va’al diavolo,” she spat at him, the venom in her voice had him stepping out of the dressing room.  He gasped when she slammed the door on his face.
Rushing to the vanity table by the right wall, Zoe picked up her hand bag and rummaged in it for her pills.  Dumping everything on the table, she grabbed the bottle of medicine that rolled out.  She was trying to open it when the shaking started.  Biting her lip, she concentrated on the lid and finally her trembling fingers managed to snap it open.
Unfortunately, the pills spilled on the table in her haste.  A sob escaped as she picked one up and tossed it into her mouth.
No use for water, she was so used to the pills, the bitterness was welcome.  It helped numb the fear growing inside her.  The fear that stayed with her, never dissipating, only increasing in size, she thought.
Closing her eyes, she controlled her spiraling senses and let out a small breathe.  Opening her eyes, she stared at her face in the mirror and wondered when she would ever get over this.
During an interview backstage a minute ago, she’d thought she’d seen someone.  A dark figure that always made her feel so paralyzed she could die.  When she’d finally gathered her strength, she’d hurried to her dressing room, only to find Robbie McClaire waiting for her.  That had surprised her more than she’d ever imagined possible.
On top of her crazy thoughts, dealing with senseless accusations she didn’t deserve was the last thing she needed.  Letting out a sigh, she ran a hand through her hair. 
She was tired of this, so tired.  She wanted to walk on the street and not be afraid.  She wanted to have a normal life.  She wanted—
She wanted---Ah!
Letting out another short breath, she quickly got to work picking up the pills.
A soft knock on her door had her stiffening in worry a minute later.  When Kelly peeped in, Zoe sighed in relief.  Stepping into the room, Kelly asked, “What happened?”
“I feel like the day has been one whole attack.  What is security for anyway?  Robbie McClaire was in my dressing room a minute ago.  He scared the hell out of me,” Zoe said putting the last of the pills in the bottle.
Capping it, she dumped the bottle in her handbag and turned to stare at her manager.
“Where have you two met before,” Kelly asked, her eyes sharp, not missing the tension that crept in to Zoe’s eyes at the question.
A moment of silence passed before Zoe said, “At Kenny’s wedding.  You should also know that he thinks I’m having a wild affair with Kenny.  Isn’t that stupid?  How does a person come up with such a ridiculous conclusion?”
“Beats me,” Kelly shook her head.  “Were you two hanging on each other like you usually do in the real world?”
“I was on my best behavior.” Zoe protested.  “Considering that I should be mourning that particular unfortunate occasion, I don’t know.  I completely held back,” Zoe said heatedly, remembering a conversation in the drawing room.  She still hadn’t called Kenny; she wasn’t going to either, not yet anyway.
“It doesn’t matter now.  Just—, can you please tighten security for me?  I don’t want to find people in my dressing room.”
“You got it,” Kelly said, making a mental note to strip one from the head of security.  Nothing was supposed to move around unnoticed backstage, not even a bloody rock star.
“Hey,” Kelly said when Zoe started repacking her handbag.
“What?”
“It’s going to be okay,” Kelly promised.  “How about I get you to your hotel room and get you a huge strawberry sundae.”
“Add a bottle of Merlot and it’s a deal,” Zoe said.
“A glass and we have a deal,” Kelly countered aware of what happened when Zoe got drunk.  Besides, she’d noticed the pills.  Adding any sort of alcohol however mild was not an option.  “Get your things together and I’ll meet you at the side entrance.”

*****

Two days later, Robbie woke up when Tevin dropped a newspaper over his face.  They were still in Sydney and Robbie had spent the night partying and drinking with Mick and Ron.  Groaning at the light assaulting his eyes, he stared at the newspaper for a moment before his gaze found Tevin.
“What’s this?”
“Page two,” Tevin said sitting in the armchair beside the bed.  He watched Robbie grab the paper and turn on the bed carelessly.  The sheet slipped lower over his naked body.
“Long night,” Tevin asked.
“Don’t remember,” Robbie answered flipping the newspaper to the page Tevin wanted him to read.  He almost bolted out of bed when he saw the pictures of Zoella Mya and himself.
“What the fuck is this?”
“I was hoping you knew,” Tevin said, lazily sipping his coffee from a mug he’d brought along.  “The Zoella Mya camp has been calling Gloria for the past three hours.  It seems as though they don’t sleep there.”
“What time is it?”
“Eight in the morning and Gloria wants solid answers.”
“I’m not reading this.  It’s all bullshit there is nothing going on.”
Robbie threw the paper on the floor.  He’d spent the past two days trying to forget frightened large dark eyes.  He didn’t want to care about Zoella.  He didn’t want to know what would cause such torture in her eyes.
“I didn’t think you’d read it.”  Tevin grinned.  “There’s a video running on every television channel showing you and Zoella talking in a stairwell.  I assume it’s the ‘nothing’ you were doing at the Aussy Television Show.  They’re calling it a lover’s spat.”
“Have a laugh, why don’t you,” Robbie said when Tevin snickered.  “I can’t go a day without an incident even when am avoiding one.”
“I’d say you’ve been good for two days,” Tevin said stretching his legs out before him. “What are you going to do?”
“Ignore it.”
“What about her?”
“I doubt she cares.  She’s a cold hearted little bitch.”
Tevin frowned, “More like vulnerable, the kind that is really dangerous.”
“I don’t need it right now.” Robbie sighed, falling back on his pillows, eyes closed.  “Is Gloria here?”
“She’s talking to our PR agent and Christine Pendall.”
Christine, Haden’s producer was a ball buster when it came to scandals.  She could do uproar with the best.  Lately, those infamous uproars which included, yelling and cursing had been finding Robbie more than usual.  He wasn’t up to one that he hadn’t earned.
“Can you cover for me?” Robbie asked Tevin.
“Where will you be?”
“Fixing this, or getting the most out of it,” Robbie said sliding out of bed, quite comfortable in his own skin; he sauntered to the bathroom door.  “I’m going to talk to Zoella before Christine takes it out on me.”
“Zoella’s different,” Tevin warned.
“We’ll see.”

*****

“How can you come here when there is such heat going out there?” Kelly demanded.  “She doesn’t even want to see you.  You’re just making things worse by showing up.  You shouldn’t have come.”
“I have to talk to her.” Robbie insisted.  “You wouldn’t have let me in if you didn’t think the same.”
“I let you in because if we left you out there, you’d become mince meat in a minute.  Those reporters are like blood hounds today,” Kelly said shaking her head.  This was such a mess.  “She says she hates you.”
“The feeling is mutual.  She’s going to have to say it to my face.”
“Mr. McClaire,” Kelly said in exasperation, “do you think I’m one of your minions to order about?  My only concern in this issue is Zoella Mya, and your being here is not benefiting her in any way.  Which makes you a problem I have to solve and I’m doing that by asking you to leave.”
Robbie stared at the dominatrix that was Zoella’s manager and sighed.  They must have an academy for these women.  Kelly was every bit a pain in the ass as Gloria.  She was actually worse because she was managing to act like a pit-bull.
“I am not leaving,” Robbie said stubbornly.  “I have to talk to her.  I have questions.”
“Me too,” Kelly said.  “But they don’t get answered; I don’t see why yours have to be.”
Reaching for her cell phone she pressed a number.  “Tony, come in here please.  I think Mr. McClaire needs an escort to his car.”
Robbie’s eyes narrowed and he said, “Get her or let me in to see her.  Body guards don’t scare me.  She needs me to shut up about what I know.  I’m pretty sure if you kick me out of here, I’ll let it slip that I saw her with Williams on his wedding day.”
Kelly sighed.  “Threats are not very becoming.”
“I’m not trying to win a medal on behavior,” Robbie said sourly.
“Do you realize you’ve been a plague on my life this week?  Why do you meddle in matters that don’t concern you?” Kelly burst out, angry now beyond belief.
“I’ve never met you before today.”
“You don’t need to have met me,” Kelly retorted, shaking her head.
Moving to the windows, she stared down at the crowd below and felt a shudder go through her.  Leaving this hotel would require some intricate logistics.  The reporters were like vultures prowling around waiting to pounce.   Zoe wasn’t ready for this and it would only make her more upset.
Turning to stare at Robbie, she sighed.
How did such a handsome man become a pain in the ass?  Oh yeah, he’s a rock star, duh, she told herself.
“What do you need to know so badly?” she asked.
“It’s none of your business,” Robbie said his arms at his hips.
“You’re only seeing her if it’s to fix things.”  Kelly warned.  “So far, you don’t impress me.”
“Fix things?  She’s fixing things,” Robbie said with a frown.
“No.  You’re fixing things.  You’re too thick headed, you know.  All I can say is that what you’re thinking is between Kenny and Zoe is all wrong.”
Robbie didn’t like that statement.  He wasn’t blind or stupid.  He’d seen the emotion on their faces.  Abandoning the conversation with Kelly, he turned on his heel and headed for the study room door.  He collided with the body guard who’d been summoned.  Meeting the huge guy’s gaze, he shrugged and kept walking.
The penthouse had an upstairs and piano music drifted down to the living room.  He took the stairs two at a time and followed the music to what he assumed was the master bedroom.  The bodyguard had come after him so he didn’t knock on the door; he just walked in and locked the door behind him.
Leaning on it, he turned to find Zoe seated on the piano bench in a white silk night gown, her hair a tangled mess around her shoulders, her gaze fixed on him.
The dark gaze was caught between being wary and defiant.
“I’m not leaving until we talk,” Robbie said before she could say anything.  “You and I have business.”
“You are making budging into my life a habit, signore,” Zoe said, turning back to the piano.  Reaching for a pencil on the surface of the piano, she scribbled notes on sheet music.  “Did you have a good night?”
“Yes, until I woke up,” Robbie said moving slowly around the messy room.
Clothes seemed to be everywhere.  The large bed was rumpled and unmade.  There wasn’t a surface in the elegant room that was neat.  Moving a sweater from a Victorian chair, he sat down.  Placing the sweater on the table beside him, he sighed.
“We’re going to talk.”
Zoe ran her fingers over the piano keys.  She’d lost concentration when he’d entered, “What do you want from me?”
“The truth,” Robbie answered.  “Kenny has been my best friend for a very long time.  In all those years, I’ve never seen him like I did when you two were talking that day of the wedding, in the drawing room.”
“You eavesdropped,” Zoe said understanding where his anger was coming from, “you shouldn’t have.”
“It couldn’t be helped.  I was following you.  I wanted to talk to you.”
Meeting his gaze she was struck by how sincere that statement was.  Suddenly, the man she’d met at the chapel gardens was before her and for reasons known only to the universe, she explained.
“Kenny and I are just friends.  I’ve known him since I was fourteen.  I would never break up his happiness.  He deserves it more than you’ll ever understand,” Zoe said quietly, breaking eye contact, she got up.  “You should have asked instead of making your own conclusions.”
“I would believe you but your voice trembles every time you say his name,” Robbie said, green eyes following her as she moved to stand by the windows.  Pushing a curtain, she peered down at the press.  “You are in love with him.”
“What’s wrong with everyone?” Zoe couldn’t quite understand the conclusion from Robbie; it was the same one her mother had been suggesting the day of the wedding.  She loved Kenny yes, but she loved him as she did Danny, her brother.  “Are you in love with your band mates, because what you are suggesting sounds that ridiculous to me?”
“That is such a stupid comparison.  We’re guys.  Sometimes we can’t even stand each other,” Robbie said with a laugh.  “How can you use that to rationalize your situation?”
“Why can’t I?” Zoe demanded hands at her hips.  “You know what, forget it.  Believe what you want.  I’m in love with Kenny.  I’m so in love with him I can’t think straight.  What is it to you?  He’s married, isn’t he?  I’m in Australia while they’re both somewhere in the Hawaiian Islands.  Your worries are useless.”
“Your temper is short.” Robbie commented, enjoying the flashing eyes and the pursed lips which made her dimples appear.  He was enjoying pushing her buttons.  Her outburst about being in love with Kenny had been so flat.  He could see it now.  There was nothing romantic about that relationship.  It was almost like she looked up to Kenny.  The realization made him feel so ecstatic.  “What do we do about the press?”
“I’m not bothered by that,” Zoe said not liking the way he was smiling at her.  She also didn’t like the fact that she was attracted to him.  “It’s all lies, why comment?”
“The press will make you comment.  Otherwise assumptions will be made.”
“You think people will believe that you and I are having an affair?” Zoe laughed.  “Who would believe this?”
Insulted, Robbie said, “I thought you were having one with Kenny.”  He raised a brow at her.  “What makes you think an affair between us is farfetched.  You’re a beautiful woman, and I do like you very much.”
Ignoring the squeeze in her heart at that comment, Zoe retaliated. “I don’t like you at all.”
“You’re lying to yourself then,” Robbie stated confidently.  “What did you tell me in Italian last night?”
He’d felt evil when she’d said it.
“I told you to go to hell,” Zoe answered moving to her bed to pick up a robe.  She suddenly wanted to protect herself from Robbie’s unrelenting green gaze.  It was as though he saw everything.  “I figured you conveniently did.”
“Oh yeah,” Robbie asked getting up from the chair.  That smile on Zoe’s lips fascinated him.  He moved closer to her.  “You annoy me.  It annoys me how much I want to know you, and how difficult you are.”
“It’s not my problem,” Zoe said watching him warily.
He was now standing so close; she could see the green in his eyes so clearly.  It unnerved her.  He made her aware of herself as a woman.  So much she wanted to hold him.  Press against him and allow him to hold her.
Shaking her head at that thought, she looked away and said, “Are we done now?”
“No,” Robbie said, his gaze moving over her soft olive skin.
She took a step back and he reached for her arm to stop her.  He closed the distance between them, and slid an arm around her waist, pulling her closer to him.  He lifted his other hand to bring her chin up.
Zoe trembled as she met green eyes.
“I’m going to kiss you,” he said, when she gasped.
“Don’t,” Zoe said afraid of it when she was unable to look away.  She felt captured by his gaze.  She didn’t want to move away, she wanted him.
As his head lowered closer, her heart pounded hard against her chest.  She closed her eyes at the feel of his lips over hers.  A thrilling shiver ran through her.  He kissed her softly.  Pressing his lips over hers more firmly, she found herself responding and kissing him back.  Her arms came up to cling to his shoulders as he deepened the kiss making her breathless.  When he pulled back a bit, she sighed.
“Accept it.” Robbie urged, running his hand over her back.  His fingers moved up to sink into her soft hair.  “You’re so beautiful.”
Smiling at the surprise in her eyes, Robbie captured her lips in another kiss, this time it was deep and urgent.  Desire rose between them like wild fire, consuming her like never before.  Clinging to him, she allowed him to explore her mouth.  His tongue moving over hers so sensually she wondered if it was possible to actually combust from the heat.
One moment she was thinking the next they were spiraling out of control.  His hands moved over her body awakening feelings she’d never imagined she could have.  The heat he left behind threatened to swallow her.  She couldn’t help the gasp that escaped.
The sound of it pleased him and as he ran a hand down her hip, his fingers bunched the silky fabric of her night gown.  He wanted her.  She was so hot.  The taste of her so sweet, she responded with wild abandon.  She wanted. He knew she wanted.
Panic had Zoe pulling away abruptly.
He was making her lose control.  Pushing away from him, she made space between them by moving around the piano.  Breathing hard, she stared at him with wide eyes.
“What?  What’s wrong?” Robbie asked, breathing hard.  His brain in a daze, he wanted more.
“You’ve got to go.” Zoe managed, clinging to the polished piano surface.  “You have to leave.”
“I’m not leaving,” Robbie said moving around the piano toward her.
“It’s just a kiss,” Zoe said moving back to the window.  “If you leave now, it will be over.”
“Come on,” Robbie said moving around the chair she’d placed in his way.  He couldn’t walk away now, he just couldn’t.  He wanted her. 
“I want you to leave,” Zoe said vehemently.  Running fingers through her hair, she marveled at how achy she felt.  She was shaking.  It was almost as though she felt alive for the first time.  It was mind blowing and the only way to deal with this was to run or him run, either way, someone had to give the other distance.
Robbie was of different thought.  He moved closer and was cupping her cheeks in his palms before she could talk again.  Closing her eyes as he leaned down and kissed her again he said, “It’s not just a kiss.”
“You really must go.” Zoe mumbled when he stopped kissing her again.
“No,” Robbie said against her lips.  “We’re already the morning news.  This is the first time I’m actually grateful for it.”
“I can’t do this,” Zoe said placing her hands on his chest ready to push him away.  Yet all she did was manage to bunch the fabric of his t-shirt.  “Not with you.”
“Oh you won’t be doing it with anyone else.” Robbie warned.  “I won’t let you.”
“You’re not my keeper,” Zoe said looking up at him.  “We can’t stand each other.  We’ll drive each other crazy.”
“Stop professing the worst,” Robbie said with a smile.  “I like our fights.”
“I hate you,” Zoe said in answer.
“You secretly like me.” Robbie countered his expression smug.  “Go out with me.  Let’s have a date.”
Zoe sighed and leaned her head on his broad chest.  He was impossible she decided when he hugged her close.
In a week, she’d leave the city and it would be over.  He would be a good destruction.
Holding her closely, he sighed too, knowing that this was not what he’d been imagining would be the outcome of this visit.  He couldn’t break away for some reason.
God, he loved her scent, he thought.
She was—it was better not to define that yet, he thought.

*****

Two months later, Gloria Swanson sat on a high stool at a bar in New York, staring at a cosmopolitan magazine.  There was a story of Robbie McClaire’s latest flame, and a picture of Zoella Mya and Robbie together accompanied it.  It was surprising to see that they were still together.
“I don’t know whether to be grateful or wary about this,” Gloria said to Christine Pendleton.
“It’s grounding him a bit,” Christine said with a sigh.  “He’s writing music which is good for the band.  I’m not sure about the rest.”
“There have been no scandals.”  Gloria noted.  “Her camp is strict, they don’t take anything lightly.  I always thought Chris Stone was a control freak.”
“He is,” Christine said, her gaze moving over Zoella Mya in the picture, “But I suspect it has to do with her more than it does with him.  There is something about her I can’t put my finger on.”
“What do you mean?”
“She’s a very talented musician.  She’s effectively taken the entire world by storm, but she’s a recluse.  Apart from Robbie, there is no other public part of her life.  And she’s keeping him in a tight box also don’t you think that’s very peculiar for a musician.  Take Haden; there isn’t any fan out there who won’t tell you Robbie’s favorite brand of clothing, or even food.  Hell they even know the kind of tissue he prefers in the bathroom.  With her, there is nothing.”
“She’s not like Robbie.  Haden is a rock band, we attract crazies.  She’s all passionate and touchy feely music, her fans are classy.”
Christine shook her head.  “Say what you want, but I do think there is something there.”
Gloria sipped her drink and closed the magazine.  “I think we should just see where this takes us.  He’s happy, that’s my priority.  You and I should just relax for now anyway.”

*****

“Why are you holding back?  Your music is dynamite, the States would love you.”
“Because I can’t go there, it’s not a move I’m comfortable with,” Zoe said calmly.  The trick was to not show even the slightest crack in your armor when dealing with corporate Chris.  He was a hard deal maker, and refused to make any sort of concessions on decisions already made.
Her crossing over to the States was a battle she was ready to do.  She wasn’t going to cave in.
“Your personal feelings shouldn’t influence—
“Stop right there.  I don’t think we are going to agree on this issue, Chris,” Zoe said.  “I have made my decision and it’s not changing any time soon.  Don’t push this any further.”
“I’m going to get an aneurism soon because of you.”  Chris sighed shaking his head.  Moving around the elegant boardroom, he came to stand over her.  “Is it the new fling?”
“My fling with Robbie has nothing to do with this,” Zoe said smiling at the comment.  Leaning back on the chair, she looked up to meet his hazel eyes.  “Are you jealous?”
“You know I am,” Chris said seating on the corner of the table, he studied her.  She was glowing. It was almost ridiculous how golden her skin seemed.  Her hair usually a wild mess was groomed to shining perfection though she still wasn’t holding it.  “He’s changing you.”
“He can’t change me.  I’m still the same woman, Chris.” Zoe answered refusing to think about the reason she was still seeing Robbie McClaire.  “Look, I’m going to do all the tours you may want me to and go wherever—
“But not the U.S,” Chris finished for her.
Holding her gaze, they both remained silent for a moment,
“Will you tell me why one of these days?” Chris asked.
“I have already told you.”
“Those are excuses, love, and we both know it,” Chris said his gaze thoughtful.
“Well,” Zoe sighed.  “I will tell you sometime.”
“I’ll convince you,” Chris said firmly.
Stretching his hands above his head, he let out a breath.  It was like he was shedding the corporate armor.
“Where are you off to after this?  London is lively right now, summer time and all that.”
“I’m meeting Robbie,” Zoe said.
It was endearing to hear her tone soften as she said that.
“Is it love?” Chris asked, unhappy about the smile that appeared at the question.
He’d always felt a bit protective of this little lady ever since he’d met her.  He’d liked knowing that she was concentrating on her music and their company.
“I don’t believe in love,” Zoe said getting up.  Straightening her fitted tan jacket, she ran a hand down the matching tailored slacks before she patted Chris’s jaw.  “It’s a fling, Chris.  It will probably end in a month.”
“Then why go through it?  You’ll just get hurt.”
“You know me; I’ve never been one to have long drawn out relationships.  I spend time with me the best.”
“Don’t torture that man,” Chris said on a laugh as she kissed his cheek.  “You’d better tell him that you’re mine for the next couple of months.  The travelling will increase.”
“He understands,” Zoe said as she headed for the door.
In truth she was wondering if she’d agreed to travel to stay away from Robbie and break away from the euphoria he put her in when they were together.
*****

“Pixie, would you like a cookie?” Mick asked holding out a box of chocolate cookies to her.
They were standing in the parking lot at an amusement park in Lower East London.  Mick had gotten the cookies from his assistant who was out buying the entrance tickets.
Taking the cookie, Zoe mouthed thanks to him.  “Why do you guys like coming here?”
Robbie stood beside her, his left arm riding low on her waist, his head on her shoulder as they watched people file in and out of the park.
“To see people, feel free and just hang,” Tevin said on her left side.  “No one will recognize us.  You can ride the Ferris wheel with me.”
“I’ve never ridden on one before,” Zoe said.
“Even when you were a kid,” Ron asked in surprise.
“I-uh- no, actually, my family was–-,” Zoe searched for a definitive word, “we’re a bit challenged when it comes to such things.”
“I can’t believe it.”  Mick teased.  “You have to ride the Ferris wheel now.”
“I’m deathly afraid of crowds.  I’m not going in there,” Zoe said.
“It will be fine,” Robbie said, lifting his head to press a kiss on her cheek.  “You’re disguised enough.”
She wore a cap and reading glasses, Robbie’s hair was covered in a black cap too, and Tevin had a jersey with a hood, like Mick and Ron.
“I’ll tell you a secret,” Tevin said.  “People never think we’d be in such places.  It won’t register even if they see you.”
“I like the sound of that,” Zoe said when Robbie pulled her closer.  His denim jacket was open so that she snuggled on his t-shirt covered chest.  He was so strong.
“Take me away then,” Zoe said cheerfully.
When Mick’s assistant came back with the tickets, they went inside.  They strolled unhurried from stand to stand.  Ron and Mick tried picking up girls along the way.  Robbie bought Zoe cotton candy.  They passed a fortune teller’s booth where beautiful gypsy girls stood outside.  Tevin, Ron and Mick decided to enter.  Robbie led Zoe on saying that she didn’t need to be told her future, she’d already met him.
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked as they strolled down a crowded path.
“What?” Zoe asked her hand tucked in his.
“Whatever it is that is bothering you,” Robbie said.  “You’ve been brooding since your meeting with Chris Stone.”
“I’m not brooding.” Zoe protested, studying him as they kept walking.
“You know baby, Mick doesn’t offer cookies to people who are okay.”
“He likes me,” Zoe said on a smile.
“Dimples aren’t going to distract me, sweetheart.  Is it the record label?”
“Nothing I can’t handle,” Zoe said.  “They just want more commitment.  My traveling will double.”
“Pixie, you are already working so much.” Robbie pointed out.  “I barely see you.”
“It’s been two months since Sydney, Robbie.  I’d say it’s been good.”
“You know it’s more than that.  If it wasn’t, we’d both have walked away by now,” Robbie said.  “Don’t lighten it.  We’ve both tried to break away.  I know that’s what the two weeks you spent in Milan were about.  I went to New York last week to forget, but I’m addicted to you, Zoe.”
“Rock stars have golden tongues.  I’d be foolish to believe any of that.”
Robbie stopped abruptly and turned to face her.  His tall frame protective over her much slender and shorter one.
Running his hands up and down her arms, he said, “Don’t dismiss our relationship.  You know I’m right.”
Zoe met his gaze, feeling as though she could get lost in the gorgeous green eyes.
“I want more,” Robbie said.
“I’m not sure I can give it,” Zoe said truthfully.  To escape the conversation, she pulled away.  “Let’s go ride the Ferris wheel.”
“You do that.” Robbie accused when she pulled away and walked toward the large wheel that scared her less than this conversation.
“What?” She called out, a small smile on her lips.
Cataloguing the picture she made at that moment, Robbie said, “Run away when asked important questions.”

****
Present...

“Important questions like marriage and commitment,” Robbie said quietly at the memory of that evening.  Zoe had literally distracted him all night so that he wouldn’t return to that conversation.  “Unbelievable.”
“Robbie, are you okay?” Marjorie asked, reaching out to touch his arm.
They were in a car headed for a concert venue.  For some reason she didn’t understand Robbie had been so quiet since she’d returned to the hotel room.
Blinking, he looked at Marjorie with a frown.  “I’m fine.  Look, I have to tell you something.”
“What?” Marjorie asked snuggling closer to him.
He pulled away.  “I need you to leave.  The tour in Europe will be intense; I don’t want to be distracted.”
“You’re kidding me,” Marjorie said in disbelief.  “You can’t be serious.  This is Tevin, isn’t it? He’s just being mean; you shouldn’t let him run your life like this.”
“I am running my own life.  This is what I need from you right now, for myself and for the band,” Robbie countered.
“Oh, that’s bullshit.  I’ve been with you the entire tour in the U.K.  There have never been problems,” Marjorie said with a frown.
“Accept this,” Robbie said firmly, “you should leave tonight.”
“You’re hard on a girl,” Marjorie said, deeply hurt.  She’d feared this, now that he was saying it, she wanted to lash out.  “Can’t you open your eyes?  See me Robbie.  I’m here.  She isn’t.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Robbie said looking away.
“Oh you know very well.  You act like you don’t care, but I know you do.  I love you Robbie, she doesn’t.  Otherwise she’d be here and wouldn’t have treated you the way she did.  She left you at the altar, Robbie.  You two were practically married, but she left.  Please get over it already.”
“Keep your mouth shut about her,” Robbie warned glaring at Marjorie.  “There is nothing between you and me.  It’s only been sex and I think it’s time that ended.  You’re creating things in your head, and I won’t support it.”
“How convenient,” Marjorie said angry at the way he was treating her.  The car stopped and the crowd waiting outside pulsed with excitement.  Robbie stared at them, and then said, “It would be better if you didn’t come.  Goodbye Marjorie.”
“Don’t do this, Robbie.” Marjorie begged gripping his shoulder.  “Please.”
Robbie simply shrugged her hand away and got out of the car.  Closing the door, he effectively shut the door on his relationship with Marjorie Adams.  As far as he was concerned it was over.

****
Chapter Fifteen

“We’re in ninth grade,” Terrence Girgorio said, as he forked salad into his mouth.  “We’ll be going to tenth grade in August.”
“How exciting,” Kenny said, smiling at how enthusiastic the young boy was.  Terrence was a bundle of energy.  “Do you like high school?”
“It’s alright,” Terry said with a shrug.
“How about you, Sarah,” Kenny prompted the girl seated to Terry’s right.  She was being well-mannered, and seemed to know how to use the cutlery before her unlike her brother.
“I love it.  I get to do so many things,” she answered.
“She’s in all the clubs at the school,” Terry said with wide eyes.
“Not all of them,” Sarah protested with a blush, “just a few.”
“Clubs are good for college applications.” Jessica soothed.  “What do you want to study?”
“I want to be a research scientist.  I’m not sure what field yet.” 
“Wow,” Athena raised her brow.  “You must love science very much.
“I do,” Sarah said, smiling shyly.  Her gaze strayed to the young woman seated to Kenny’s left across her.  She’d known who she was the moment she’d come to take her seat.
Sarah loved classical music as much as she loved math.  Her teacher had once told her that music was really math.  Musicians learned to count in order to play precise notes that gave a pleasing sound.  From then on, Sarah had started listening to Beethoven, Chopin and all the old classics.  Lately, she’d moved to the modern classical scene and Zoella Mya’s work.  In fact, she’d just spent her pocket money a month ago buying Zoella’s latest album named ‘Sweet Life’.  It was a plus to find out that they were related.
“Sarah,” Julia said, touching her shoulder gently.
Pulling herself back to the present, Sarah glanced at her mother, “Yeah?”
“Is everything okay?  You’re not eating,” Julia said.
“I’m fine.  It’s okay,” Sarah said quickly picking up her fork.

****

“No more wine,” Athena said to Zoe when she signaled one of the young men serving to fill her glass again.
“Don’t take away the one thing that’s making me happy, Auntie,” Zoe said.  Smiling at Athena, she urged the young man to continue.  “I can’t go through this lunch sober.”
“You have to try, Zoe.  Drinking is not helping you,” Athena protested, trying to keep this easy.  Making a scene was going to push Zoe over, the girl was chomping for a fight.
“Don’t push it,” Zoe said.  She picked up the full glass and took a sip with relish.
Athena sighed and glanced around the table, meeting her husband’s gaze for a moment.  Thad gave her a reassuring smile, but it didn’t ease her worry.  She had set the table in a way that there would be no direct hostility with her guests.
Thaddeus sat at the head of the table, right across from her.  To his right, was Danny and to Danny’s right was Jessica.  To the left of Thaddeus sat Gabriella and then Julia.  The conversation at that end of the table had been revolving around business for a while now; Athena assumed it would be the safest topic for them.
On her end, Zoe sat to her immediate left, with Kenny seated to Zoe’s left.  Kenny effectively separated Jessica and Zoe.  To Athena’s right, Terry Girgorio sat with his sister beside him.
They were the only ones truly enjoying this meal, Athena thought with a sigh.
This was the first time Athena had ever seen this family together like this.  She always hosted the aunts and uncles from Greece; it was expected of her as Thaddeus’ wife.  He took care of the extended family and handled their issues.
However, Athena thought, in seven years of marriage, she had never hosted this particular group of people at her table.
In other dinners with her aunts and uncles, Zoe was usually more animated, laughing freely, joking with her nieces and nephew.  This afternoon she seemed hell bent on drowning herself with wine.  She hadn’t spoken one word to her mother or Julia.  It was as though they didn’t exist.
Athena was hoping that would change soon.
“How is your music going, Zoe?” Julia asked then, snapping Athena’s attention back to the conversation. 
Giving Kenny an alarmed look, she turned to see what Zoe would do.
“It’s going,” Zoe answered with a flat tone.
“She’s taking a break at the moment,” Athena said.  “Touring can get exhausting.  I’m always urging her to take a rest.”
“How fun that you get to travel all over the world, how come I’ve never heard of a tour in the states, I’d come for the concert,” Sarah said with excitement.
Zoe stared at the girl, and tried her best to remain neutral.  Every time she looked at Sarah, she saw Steve Harden.
Taking in a deep breath, Zoe said, “I don’t like the States.”
Everyone stared at Zoe at the tone she used.  Hostility was hard to hide even when she was trying.  Shrugging, Zoe picked up her glass and took a huge sip.
“Oh,” Sarah said, her shoulders slumping, “well, if you decide to go over there, I’ll come for your concert.  I’d love to hear you play live.”
Zoe nodded and tried to look welcoming, but it was so hard.  Having Julia seated across the table was taking away her good manners.  She wished Athena would let her leave.
Trying to dilute the tension that followed, Kenny smiled and said, “How is the musical instruments business, Athena?”
Latching on, Athena said, “Very good, we’re now exporting to the States.  I recently acquired a very old Violin that is up for bid, if you know someone who’d like it?  The auction is set in two weeks.”
“How about Zoe,” Danny said, remembering that his sister liked collecting instruments. “You collect instruments don’t you, little sis?”
“I don’t collect Violins,” Zoe answered.
She collected all other instruments but violins.  She already had one she cherished.  Her uncle Thaddeus had gotten it for her at a time when she’d wanted nothing more than to lie down and die.  That Stradivarius symbolized more than her passion for music, it was her life line.
Zoe’s silence after her answer didn’t go unnoticed, though conversation continued on in the calm afternoon.  Gabriella couldn’t help wondering what had brought on that pensive look on her daughter’s face.  As conversation moved on to the sights of Athens, and activities they could do in the coming weeks, Gabriella’s gaze constantly returned to Zoe.
She was drinking more than she was eating.  Athena was worried about it, and discreetly tried to put a stop to it.  Somehow, Gabriella noted, Zoe managed to get her way.  The girl was stubborn when she put her mind to it.
Zoe hadn’t said much to Gabriella.  It was as though they were strangers and Zoe made no effort to change that.  Zoe smiled with Kenny, and Danny, but with Jessica, Julia and Gabriella, she remained cold.
So cold, it worried Gabriella that her daughter could stay so untouched.
Well, untouched was not the right word.
Zoe was emotionally locked down, Gabriella decided.
“I haven’t taken a vacation in forever.  This place is amazing,” Julia said in the midst of conversation.  “Your home is paradise, Athena.  I’d never leave if I had a choice.”
“Goodness, please don’t get it in your head to stay,” Zoe said.  “I’m not too sure we could survive it.”
“Zoella,” Thaddeus snapped in Greek, “not at the table.  There are children.”
“Why not at the table,” Zoe asked.  “Why can’t I speak my mind?”
“This is a family dinner.  You’re part of the family, Zoella.  Whether you like it or not, we respect family,” Thaddeus said, glaring at her.  “Besides, you’re slowly getting drunk.”
“Oh, stupid me,” Zoe shook her head.  “This lunch is a bloody joke.  What are you trying to prove here?  We all can’t stand each other.”
“Tolerate it, Zoella,” Thaddeus said, aware that Sarah was watching them with a frown.  He had no doubt that she knew this was happening because of her family.  He was glad she didn’t understand Greek.
“I can’t,” Zoe said with a hiss.
Zoe got up abruptly, and Kenny had to reach out fast to catch her wine glass before it spilled.  Throwing her napkin on the table, Zoe said in English, “Excuse me.”
Meeting Kenny’s gaze, she shrugged before she turned and walked away from the table headed back into the house.
Athena sighed and motioned for the waiters to clear the table and dessert to be served.  Things had gone fairly well, it had certainly lasted longer than she’d imagined it would.

****

In the house, Zoe was about to head upstairs when the doorbell rang.  Knowing that the butler was busy at the terrace, she detoured to the front door.
Opening the door, she was surprised to find Demetrius Avinoff standing there with a wide grin.
“Afternoon,” he greeted.  When she didn’t respond he said, “Bad time.  Should I come back?  I can come back.”
“What are you doing here?”  Zoe asked, frowning at him.  She wasn’t aware of any plans to meet here.  Then again, “I haven’t forgotten something, have I?”
“Nope,” Demetrius said.  “I came to check on you, especially after last night.  You were so irresponsible, Miss Castille.  Gallivanting around naked and chanting ancient songs, you shocked us all.”
He was so serious; Zoe couldn’t help gasping in shock.
“I didn’t,” she said in protest, her expression one of panic.  “I must have been so embarrassing.”
Demetrius laughed.  “Relax, I’m just kidding.”
“Oh you,” she swatted his hand.  “You can’t make jokes like that.”
“You’re a very elegant drunk,” Demetrius soothed.  “Apart from being unable to walk in which case your guard dog assisted you.  How is the hangover?”
Zoe shrugged, compared to the pain lunch had been, she much preferred the hangover.
“I’m fine, sorry I over drunk last night.”
“It’s nothing to worry about,” Demetrius said.
“Do you want to come in, or are you allergic to heiress homes as well?” Zoe asked stepping aside to allow him in.
“I can stomach it for a while,” Demetrius said with a smile.
“How nice of you,” Zoe said, she closed the door and led the way upstairs.
She was glad for the distraction.  Thinking about the people in the garden right now was too exhausting.  Demetrius Avinoff would make the day bearable.
“I have something to show you.  A musician like you will appreciate it.”
“Please, by all means, show me,” Demetrius said as they went up the second flight of stairs.
Demetrius couldn’t help admiring his surroundings.  The house was beautifully furnished.  It reminded him of an old castle in history books.  The woman leading the way with her long hair and gorgeous dress would be the damsel in distress.  She had looked the part when she’d first opened the door.  He’d wanted to hold her and comfort her.  He couldn’t help wondering where the man who’d given her the ring was.
Why would he let her be so unhappy? 
Strange how he always went for the tortured ones, it would be so easy to fall in love with Zoe Castille.
Zoe led him to the large ball room on the third floor.  Years before, Thaddeus had helped her perfect the acoustics in the room.  They’d then bought a grand piano and placed it in the middle of the room.  Sometimes she liked to come up here and play it for hours on end.
“Wow,” Demetrius said when he saw the piano.  “Do you want to make me move in?”
Zoe smiled.  “I want to play music with you, are you game?”
“Is that a proposition?” Demetrius teased as he moved to sit on the bench and open the cover.  The keys gleamed, tantalizing him to place his fingers on them.  He did and the sound of it thrilled him.
Zoe smiled at his reaction and sat beside him, running a hand over the keys herself, she said, “Light tones, full of spring and summer promise, have you ever noticed that when you play any of Debussy’s music it feels like a beginning?”
Demetrius flashed a grin, and then ran his fingers over the keys in fast practice.
“I think he is too much of a romantic, and we ignore a lot of the modern classics.  I especially love Zoella Mya’s Angel’s falling.  Why don’t we play that?  The violin on that piece is beautiful.”
Zoe stared at him for a moment then she dropped her fingers.  “She might be a bit too emotional—
“She might be, but she is a genius, music is meant to be on the edge,” Demetrius said, playing the opening sequence of angel’s falling.  “This melody suits a summer afternoon, in Athens, in a sunlit ballroom, with the sea breeze floating in to tantalize our minds and hearts reminding us we need to live.”
Zoe laughed at that.  “Don’t write poetry, Demetrius.  It might scare off a lot of people
He grinned, and continued playing the angel’s falling with such an open interpretation she found herself sitting still and listening to him play.
It suddenly didn’t hurt to listen to music.  It certainly kept her memories away and she couldn’t move from the bench if she wanted to.

*****

“Sarah, Terry, why don’t you go to the kitchen and have some ice cream,” Athena said once dessert was served.
She wanted to talk and what she had to say would be inappropriate for the two children.  Instructing a waiter to help, she smiled as the two rushed off in excitement to the kitchen.
“Why is it so hard to connect with Zoe?” Gabriella asked as soon as the children were earshot.  “I feel as though we are just part of the furniture.  She’s not caving.”
“It won’t happen overnight.” Kenny reminded her.  “Besides, I think she’s stressing right now.  Too much is happening at the same time.”
“Uncle Thad, tell her to go for the hearing.” Jessica suggested. Everyone could see the respect Zoe had for the older man.  “She listens to you
“Give her time, Jessica,” Thaddeus said.
“Time is running out,” Julia pointed out.
“She won’t go if you confront her,” Danny said to that.  “She’s digesting our presence here, wait a while before you start pushing agendas.  Have her seat through a meal with us before we can even try to talk to her.”
“Easy for you to say, she’s speaking to you,” Gabriella said with a sigh.
“Zoe has a difficult time accepting that you’re all here.  This is her comfort zone; we should try to understand that.  Also, I think I’ll avoid any more lunches like this one,” Athena said.
“Good plan,” Thad said smiling at his wife.  “I’m afraid we’ll drive my niece to drink.”
Everyone laughed at that and the mood lightened immediately.  It was punctuated by the sound of waves at the beach, followed by music that floated in and out.  Athena felt as though it were possible to move forward.  Zoe might have been unable to last through dessert but everyone else was still here.  It was a good sign.

*****

A week after the lunch Zoe preferred not to think about it, Zoe walked along the beach with Zan at her side, occasionally bending to pick a shell.  Her feet were bare and the wind kept whipping her pale green skirts against her knees.
“I got one!” Zan exclaimed holding up a medium sized white shell with black dots on it.  “It’s empty.”
“That makes how many?” Zoe asked crouching before him to check it and make sure it was empty.
“Ten today,” Zan said with a smile.  “Zoe, will you come with me to the store to buy a kite.”
Zoe sat down on the sand, handing the shell back to Zan.  She watched him put it into a little bag he had over his shoulder.
“We can make a kite, Zan.”
“But the one Nanny Zelda and I made didn’t work,” Zan complained.
“Oh,” Zoe smiled, “you can make one with me.  I know an expert who can help.”
“Really, will it fly high and higher?” Zan asked excited.
“Of course,” Zoe promised.  She was instantly rewarded with a hug.  Slender arms wrapping around her neck tightly, “there now, it will be okay.”
“What are you guys doing?” Terry asked, interrupting the moment.
Zoe looked up to see him standing a few feet away in his swimming costume, his twin sister beside him also in hers.  They obviously wanted to join in and Zoe realized that she hadn’t been particularly welcoming where they were concerned.
Zan pulled back and looked at the twins.
“We’re going to make a kite,” Zan said excited.  “Do you know how to fly one?”
“Sure.  I even know how to make one.” Terry boasted.  
“Show me,” Zan ordered.
“No way, we’ll see who can make a better one,” Terry said, just as bossily.
“Fine, Zoe knows an expert,” Zan boasted right back.
Sarah shook her head at her brother’s boasts.  “I can help you guys.”
Zoe met her gaze, “You can make one?”
“Sure,” Sarah said confidently.
“Hey, you’re supposed to be on my side,” Terry complained.
“It’s a kite; you’re making it into a competition with a seven-year-old,” Sarah pointed out.
“So what,” Terry shrugged
“Boys,” Sarah rolled her eyes and came to sit beside Zoe.  “When do we get started?”
Zoe glanced at her wrist watch.  “It’s almost ten o’clock.  I have an appointment I must keep.  This afternoon will be good.  I’ll have Tony help me get the supplies.”
“Cool,” Sarah said watching as Zoe stood up.  She wanted to ask more questions but held her tongue.  It was enough that they’d be doing something later.
Zoe leaned down to Zan. 
“I’ve got to go agape mou,” she said in Greek.  “I’ll be back soon.”
“Promise,” Zan said looking up with clear blue eyes.
Zoe smiled.
“I promise kiddo,” she replied in English.  They encouraged Zan to talk both languages so that he would learn quickly.
“A kiss for the road,” Zoe asked bending closer.
Zan grinned and dropped kisses on Zoe’s dimples, where she liked it the most.  Ruffling his hair, Zoe waved at the twins and started up to the house.  Nanny Zelda, who’d been tanning in the sun, sat up and waved goodbye.
“Zoe’s so hot,” Terry said, watching her leave.  “I could date her.”
“You’re fourteen,” Sarah scoffed.  “Would it kill you to be less of a pain?”
“You mean like you who is kissing ass?” Terry asked.  “I’ve gone for a swim.”
God, she could kill him sometimes, Sarah thought.  Her gaze went back to the retreating figure that was Zoe.  She’d make friends with her, she decided.

****

Breakfast was always a prolonged occasion in all Castille homes.  It wasn’t a surprise to find Julia, Gabriella and Jessica in the dining room when Zoe walked in.  Cringing inside, she headed for the side table and picked up a napkin.
“Morning Zoe,” Gabriella said as cheerfully as possible.  Zoe had actively been avoiding being anywhere close to her or Julia in the past week.  “Did you sleep okay?”
“Just fine,” Zoe said, although she’d barely clocked an hour.
The nightmares were always so close these days.  She picked up two madeleines and wrapped them in the napkin.
“Won’t you have breakfast with us?” Julia asked, hopeful.
“No, I have an appointment,” Zoe said turning to head out.
“How about lunch,” Gabriella said.
“If I can,” Zoe said leaving the room quickly before they asked about dinner.
Gabriella sighed as Zoe’s footsteps faded.  “I don’t think we’re ever going to penetrate that shield.”
“At least she talked to you,” Julia said quietly.
Jessica stood up and excused herself.  She rushed after her sister and caught up with her just as she was at the front door.
“Zoe, wait up,” Jessica said.  Once they were face to face she said, “The least you can do is try.”
“What are you talking about?”  Zoe asked with a frown.
“Mum is reaching out to you,” Jessica said nodding toward the dining room.  “You’re not going to ignore it forever, are you?”
“I’m not sure I care to listen to you,” Zoe said with a frown.  “I really must go right now, I’m late.”
“Can’t it keep?” Jessica asked.  “Spend the day with us.”
“No,” Zoe answered.  “I’m going to see a shrink.  I think that might be more important than spending the day in stress.”
Jessica sighed at the answer and watched as Zoe simply hurried out to a waiting car.  If only she were magical…if only…

****

“You’re angry,” Sylvia Hellinski said studying Zoe as the young woman paced the length of her office.  “Why?”
“Why?” Zoe scoffed.  “How can you ask me that?  Haven’t you been listening to me?”
“I am listening, but right now, I can only assume the answers.  Just because your aunt and uncle are hosting your family doesn’t mean you should be angry,” Sylvia said.
“How easy it all sounds for you, “Zoe cursed under her breath.  “I know you want me to spell it out.”
“Then do so,” Sylvia said quietly.  “Voice it out for me.”
“I’m pissed that they all expect me to start being nice when they’ve only been tolerant of me.  I don’t want to have normal conversations with them.  I don’t want to be cordial.  I want to scream and be angry!” Zoe said.  “I don’t want to hope that things could get better between us.”
“Having said all of that, of which you’re entitled, Zoe, more than anyone, tell me how you really feel,” Sylvia said leaning back in her chair.  “Deep down inside, where you’re not lying to yourself.”
Zoe stopped pacing to meet Sylvia’s green gaze.  “Don’t make me say it.”
“You need to,” Sylvia said firmly, “to be able to get through this.  You’re going to have to admit what you do feel.”
“Sylvia,” Zoe said, shaking her head.
She’d been fighting the emotions inside her for a while now.  Ever since her entire family had shown up in Greece, saying they loved her and that they were going to give her the support she needed to go to testify.
Hopes she’d long squelched were rising again.  Her heart yearned for things she’d long given up on.  She wanted to give in but the fear that she would be unable to face Steve Harden and as a result endure another betrayal paralyzed her. 
Letting out a short sigh, she sat on the couch, and stared at the carpeted floor.
“I want to be with my family.  I want them to love me how I love them, no matter what happened before,” Zoe said her voice almost a whisper.
Looking up, her eyes glittering with unshed tears she said, “But it scares me what will happen when they realize how much of a coward I really am.  I just can’t face that monster, and that’s why they are all here.  I can’t handle failing them again.”

*****

Kenny managed to convince Tony, Zoe’s bodyguard that he’d take care of her after her appointment and get her home.  He sat in a black Aston Martin Vanquish waiting for Zoe to emerge from the large corporate building that belonged to Castille Media, Greece.
The first four floors were rented out to various businesses and he knew that Dr. Sylvia Hellinski’s practice was on the fourth floor.  When Zoe had been living here before, he’d waited for her many times at this same exact spot.
The dashboard clock changed and it was now midday.  Zoe strolled out of the building, big dark sunglasses over her pixie face, her hair loose around her.   She looked pretty today in a green skirt and a sleeveless white top.   Her feet were in strappy sandals.
She walked toward the car sedately, seeming unconcerned about the heat that was bothering everyone else today.
Kenny leaned on the driver’s door to wait for her.
“What did you do with Tony?” Zoe greeted as she came to him.
“I gave him a day off,” Kenny said, grinning at her.  “I told him you’d be safe with me.”
“Hmm, and he believed you?” Zoe asked with a lift of her brow, accepting a hug from him.  “Where’s your wife?”
“At home,” Kenny said walking her around the car to open the door for her.  “I’m taking you to lunch.”
“Hmm…, shopping first,” Zoe said as he closed the door and hurried around to the driver’s side.
“I have to get supplies,” she said when he was settled in the driver’s seat.  “Zan wants to make a kite.”
“A kite, you’re not the expert on that if I recall,” Kenny teased as he started the car.
“No, but you are,” Zoe said with a grin, “so is Danny.  I’m going to commandeer your help so my little cousin can love me more.”
“You’re shameless,” Kenny said with a laugh.
“I am,” Zoe acknowledged.  “May I ask why the lunch?”
“Because you’re special,” Kenny tried for flattery.  When she gave him a skeptical look, he sighed.  “We need to talk.  You and I should never ever stay angry with each other.”
“I’m not angry with you,” Zoe said turning to look out the window.
“Well, then I am angry with you,” Kenny said quietly.  “I needed explanations you refused to give them; I have explanations you need to listen to.”
Zoe looked at him.  “Oh really, I’ll go first.  Tell me, why would you let your wife and my mother ambush me like this?  You know we don’t get along.”
“Because you left me in the dark,” Kenny said his tone accusing.  “How could you break it off with McClaire that way?  You didn’t warn me.  Me, Zoe, I’m your oldest friend.  Do you know how hurt I felt?”
“Kenny,” she stopped and swallowed remembering that hellish week.  “I’m sorry.  I just—, I wanted to fix things fast.  You’ve helped me so many times—
“What made this time different?” Kenny asked.  “You didn’t think I’d be upset about that bastard’s release?”
“I was in shock!  Do you imagine that I wanted to hurt you?” Zoe asked her frayed emotions making her voice waver.  “I was scared out of my mind.  The only thing I could think was to get away and make sure Robbie didn’t come looking.  It would be terrible if he knew the truth.”
“You could have called,” Kenny said.  “I’d have helped.”
“I could have,” Zoe said.  “But your first reaction would have been to stay with me.  More secrets to keep from Jess and Robbie, it’s not fair to have expected it of you.”
“I—,” Kenny broke off, shaking his head against the truth of those words.  Stopping at a light, he looked at Zoe, realizing her actions had given him back his marriage.  But still—, “I was frantic with worry.”
“I knew you’d be,” Zoe said.  “I almost called you.  So many times I picked up the phone, I just couldn’t.”
“Why did you tell Robbie you’re in love with Franco?” Kenny asked.  “I almost went to Italy to beat that bastard.  How could he go along with it?”
“Franco is loyal to me, Kenny,” Zoe said.  “He will do what I ask.  Besides, the only thing that would hurt Robbie enough to leave me was cheating on him.”
“How did you know?” Kenny asked, navigating through traffic to a mall where they could buy the kite supplies.
Zoe ran a hand through her hair.
“The first time Robbie and I met, he thought you and I were having an affair.  It drove him nuts.  He told me off, warned me to stay away from you and not break your marriage to Jess.  It was a mess.”
“Wow, how come you never told me this?” Kenny asked in surprise as he parked the car in the mall parking lot.  “I thought you two met at my wedding?”
“We did.  He overheard our conversation in the drawing room.  He assumed I was your mistress and that’s why I was upset.  It was kind of amusing if he hadn’t mattered to me so much.  This all happened during your honeymoon.  We accidentally ran into each other in Australia and ended up clearing things up but I’ve always known since then that Robbie would hate being cheated on.”
“But Zoe—
“Don’t,” Zoe cut him off.  “I can’t discuss Robbie right now, anything else but him.”
"You still love him,” Kenny stated.  “I can see it.”
“And you shall keep quiet about it,” Zoe said firmly, opening her door and sliding out of the car.  Closing the door, she took in a deep breath as memories of a love she could never have flooded her.  She missed Robbie terribly.  It hurt to breathe just thinking about it.
Pushing the pain away, Zoe made Kenny stroll through the mall with her searching for a stationery store that could help them stock up on kite supplies.  They had a good time and she found herself laughing when Kenny made jokes about everything in the mall.
Once they had everything they needed, he took her to a quiet restaurant and made her order a huge lunch.  She was trying to eat her way through it when he said,
“I have to tell you something.”
“You getting married already happened,” Zoe teased.  “Stop looking so solemn.  What is it?”
Kenny sighed at her light mood, he hated to darken it but she had to know. “I talked with Jess and your mum.  The reason they came here is because they know the truth.”
“The truth about what,” Zoe asked sipping water from her glass.  Her dark eyes’ moving over Kenny’s worried features.  “What Kenny?”
“I know you didn’t want them to know, but it seemed right,” Kenny said.  “They know everything.”
Zoe stared at him for a moment.  “Everything is a lot, Kenny.”
“I know,” Kenny sighed.  “But it’s time to figure this out, especially now with that bastard coming out.”
“I’m not ready for them to know,” Zoe said quietly.
“You are.” Kenny insisted reaching across the table to take her hand.
“No, I’m not.” Zoe protested, shaking her head.  “They won’t understand.  Why those things happened, why it was such a hard thing for me to be—, normal.”
“But they do,” Kenny soothed.  “Believe me, I’d never put you in a position that will cause you pain, Zoe.  Trust me on this okay.”
“It doesn’t change anything,” Zoe said after a while.
“I know,” Kenny said with a knowing glance.  “I just needed you to know that they know.”
She nodded and Kenny sighed.  He watched her play with her food.  She wanted to ask something, so he waited.
“Kenny,” she said.  “You said Robbie was devastated.  W-will you tell me what happened?”
“Zoe.” 
“Please.”
Kenny sighed knowing she’d keep insisting regardless.  He told her about the anger and the bitterness, keeping the episode about Robbie wanting to burn her stuff to himself.  That would only hurt her, he thought.
“He didn’t want to see me again,” Kenny said.  “Kelly, Chris, we were all shut out from him.  Robbie thinks we knew about Franco.” 
Zoe appeared stricken, her face pale underneath her tan.  She dropped her fork and leaned back in her chair.
“I hurt him more than I thought,” she said in a whisper.
“It can be fixed; all you have to do is call him,” Kenny said.
“Do you know your friend so little?” Zoe asked in surprise.  “Robbie will never forgive me.  I hurt more than his heart; I trampled on his pride too.  It will be hard for him to even look at me again.”
“He loves you,” Kenny said.  “Trust me, when he knows the truth, none of this will matter.”
“I won’t hurt him more by subjecting him to my past,” Zoe said.  Pushing her unfinished food away, she stood up.  “We’ve gotta go.  Zan’s waiting.”
“But Zoe—
“Come on, Kenny, traffic gets wild in these parts,” Zoe said already heading out.
Kenny got up, and dealt with the bill, his thoughts on Zoe and Robbie.  May be it was time to step in, he wondered.  They needed each other.  Separately they were just screwing things up between them.  Shaking his head, he made a note in his head to call Kelly.  She would know where Robbie was right now.

******
Chapter Sixteen
It was dark, always dark.
‘I won’t tell.’ she said, gripping the chair arms.  Her voice shaky as she tried to push away from the face closing in on hers, he was big and so strong.  She couldn’t fight him off.  ‘I won’t tell anyone, I promise.  I won’t tell.’
He ran a finger down her cheek making her shiver in disgust and fear.
‘So young,’ he leered.
She wanted to scream.  She had to get away; she didn’t like the look in his eyes.
‘Please,’ she pleaded, ‘Let me go, let me go—
He was holding the chair, his face moving closer, she tried to get away.
‘Hush.’
‘Let me go,’ she pleaded, ‘Let me go, please, let me go.’
“Zoe, it’s alright, you’re safe.”
‘Let me go!’
Athena swallowed tears at the familiar screams and shook Zoe to wake her.
“Sweetheart, wake up.  It’s okay.  It’s just a dream, just a dream.”
‘Help me.’
“Damn it Zoe, open your eyes.  It’s a dream.  Wake up.”
She was being shaken, fighting through the darkness; Zoe sat up, reaching for her savior.  If only a moment, just until—
“Hush now, agape mou.” Athena’s words were warm, soothing.
Opening her eyes, she stared into Athena’s concerned eyes.
“Breathe, baby,” Athena urged.  “It’s just a dream.” She pushed Zoe’s hair away from her sweaty forehead.  “There now, take it easy.”
Untangling the blankets around Zoe, Athena bit her lip when Zoe buried her face into her shoulder and broke into hard sobs.  She’d been wondering when the girl would give in.  All that bottled up tension was causing the nightmares. 
Stroking the long dark hair, now a tangled mess, she held Zoe tightly as she cried hard for a long time.

*****

“You didn’t sleep last night,” Gloria Swanson complained as the make-up artist worked on Robbie’s face.  “You have to rest, looking beat is not good for marketing.”
“Excuse me, you’ve been working us this entire tour.” Robbie pointed out.  “How do you expect we’ll sleep if you can’t give us a break?”
“McClaire, I just want the best for Haden.  The best includes hard work, sacrifices, great vocals, it certainly doesn’t include dark circles and looking tired.”
“I’m not a robot,” Robbie said, motioning for the make up artist to leave them.  “Quit being such a bitch!”
“It’s in my DNA.” Gloria gave him a small smile before she hurried off to bother someone else.
Sighing in exasperation, Robbie picked up a tissue off the table to blow his nose. 
He was having a bad case of sinuses this morning, coupled with an entire pot of coffee and one hour of sleep.  He wished for Gloria’s spontaneous demise.
“Which city is this?” he asked the make-up artist.
“Naples”
“Naples,” Robbie said.  “I knew there was a reason everyone is talking Italian.”
“Stop making lame jokes,” Tevin said coming in to the tent where they were preparing for a photo shoot.  “I just saw Gloria leave.  She’s losing it.”
“Isn’t she always,” Robbie asked adjusting the belt on his slacks.  “Tell me when we’re getting to Athens?”
“You’re still thinking about that?” Tevin asked in surprise.
Robbie sat in the chair he’d been using and said, “I’ve had enough time to think.  The conclusion is always the same.  She lied to me, and I want to know why.”
“You’re so sure of her,” Tevin said thoughtfully.  “You could be wrong.”
“I’m not,” Robbie said.  “I know Zoe very well.  I do.  She’s hiding something from me.”
Tevin could tell that nothing he said would change Robbie’s mind.  Not after the four weeks they’d spent touring different cities in Europe.  Each venue more exciting than the last, still Robbie remained confident about talking to Zoe.  At this rate, they were only delaying the inevitable.
“I think we should fly in tonight after the concert.  Instead of hanging around like we’d planned.  We can go to Athens early.”
“And the interviews scheduled with the press?” Robbie asked.
“Ron and Mick can handle them,” Tevin said.  “If this is what you need to do, we can’t delay it anymore.”
“It is,” Robbie said.  “I just need to see her and hear her tell me again.  I mean, we have a life together, Tev.  I can’t just let it go without knowing why she did this.”
“Fine, we’ll go then,” Tevin said.  “I won’t let you do this alone,” he explained when Robbie raised a brow.
Leading this life, they dealt with many hard situations, Tevin thought.  Assumptions on their lives, accusations on their ideas and actions, it was difficult to hang on to normalcy.  He was seeing it in Robbie because now the press had chosen to make Zoe the bad guy in this and was coming up with stories about her that shook Robbie to the core.  Some could be true, others were obviously farfetched, but they struck a cord, enough to make one start doubting her.
It was always better to trust your gut, Tevin sighed.  Robbie seemed sure seeing Zoe would help him even though he didn’t think so.  
Ron and Mick came in each holding two cups of coffee.
“Gloria is out there spazzing out,” Ron said, handing one cup to Robbie.  “Don’t get on me about the coffee, I didn’t make it.”
“What’s up?” Mick asked handing one of his cups to Tevin.  “You guys look intense.”
Tevin met Robbie’s gaze before he said, “Robbie wants to talk to Zoe.”
Mick sighed. “I knew that was coming.”
“She’s not going to make you feel any better,” Ron said.  “Once you cheat nothing can change it, that boyfriend still exists.  This isn’t right, Robbie.”
“We had a life, Ron,” Robbie said with a shake of his head, placing his cup of coffee on the table.  “It’s not like I can stop loving her just like that.  I would like to hear the whole story.  How long she cheated on me?  When it started?  I need to know, may be it will make me stop caring.”
“You’re torturing yourself,” Mick commented.  “It’s not worth it.  Change your mind, Robbie, don’t go to her.”
“I need to see her,” Robbie said.  “I need to see her, Mick.”
Tevin sighed and shook his head at Ron and Mick, indicating that the argument was lost.
“Will you cover the interview that’s left tonight?  We can leave for Athens after the concert.”
“You’re going with him,” Ron stated.  “We get to deal with Gloria and Christine; you had better get your worth from that bitch, Robbie.”
“I will appreciate it if you didn’t call her that,” Robbie said with a glare.  “Just because everyone else is doing it, doesn’t mean you have to.”
“Whatever, she’s caused all of this, you know,” Ron sighed.  “Look at you; you can’t even function without yelling about how the coffee is made, or some ridiculous flowers.  We don’t talk about London or even music we wrote when she was with us.  She is a pain in my ass.”
“I can’t watch you get destroyed again.” Mick said simply.  “We’ll stay in Mykonos until you’re done with her.”
“Guys,” Tevin said, his gaze on Robbie, and how quiet he was.
“No.  We love you Robbie,” Ron said, grabbing on to Robbie’s shirt.  “You were a mess when she left.  I didn’t think you’d recover.  Now, you want to go back again and get another dose of pain, excuse me if I don’t want to see it.  Let’s drop this subject.” 
Ron let go of Robbie and stepped back, sipping his coffee, he sighed.  “You’ll owe us one, Christine is one cold woman.”
Robbie shook his head.  “That’s coz she’s never been happy with anyone.”
They all chuckled and the intense moment dissolved.  Conversation changed and they discussed the concert they had that night and what it would involve while they waited for the photo shoot to start.  When their cue came, they abandoned their coffee cups and headed for the photo setting.
The photographer got to work, snapping pictures in rapid succession.  Four men with very different personalities united in a brotherhood.  They were friends first, business associates second.  Together they had built an unforgettable legacy.
Haden was a truly impressive sight, Gloria Swanson thought as she stood on the sidelines.
Of course she never let them know how proud she was.  She much preferred they view her as the hard nosed ball buster.  It was the only way to get them even higher on that ladder.
Her gaze settled on Robbie and she sighed at what she was seeing in those green eyes.  He was hurting.  Probably more than she could see, which explained why it was visible.  It reminded her of when he’d lost Ryan Jacques.
Despite being part of the group, Ryan had never been a member of Haden.  He’d been Robbie’s little brother.  The one thing that he’d loved more than anything else.  When Ryan died, Robbie had lost more than a band member, he’d lost his heart.  It had taken a long time for Robbie to smile again.
Watching him struggle through Ryan’s death had been difficult.  The pain had seeped into his music, his life, and the band.  Shaking her head, Gloria wondered how ‘Dark Angel’ had ever gotten done.  That record was a testament to that struggle, through the six months in that studio, Robbie had been a mess.
To think that they had emerged from that terrible time only to return to it because of a single little woman, damn that Zoella Mya, she’d caused disruption in Gloria’s camp.  It was hard not to hate her.
Her cell phone buzzed and she moved away from the working photographer.  
“Swanson.”
“It’s Marjorie.” 
“Where did you go to?  You were supposed to make my lead singer happy.” Gloria said with irritation.
“He asked me to leave.  Not my fault.  But you did promise me an exclusive on the band.  Where is the final concert?”
Gloria sighed. “Athens, a school in the city named AMS.  I wanted you to write about the band’s support of music in schools.  AMS is a perfect example.  I’ll give you the contacts of the teacher who’s been helping us there, a Demetrius Avinoff.  Give him a call; he’ll bring you up to speed.”
“This is not about Robbie anymore, Gloria.  I’m doing this for my career,” Marjorie said then.
“I almost believe you,” Gloria said turning to watch Robbie speculatively, “but I already know why else you write about Haden.  I’m sorry things worked out that way.”

****

Pouring the last of the wine into her glass, Zoe sighed and got off the stool to go get another bottle.  She placed the empty bottle in a crate by the wall; she stood before the wine rack and pulled out a new wine bottle.   The best thing about having a French chef was that he always made sure they were stocked with the best wine.  
Walking to the counter, she picked up the opener and got to work.  The clock on the microwave was saying it was five forty-five in the morning.  Sleep was the furthest thing on her mind.
Nightmares she’d thought were gone had returned with a vengeance she feared she couldn’t fight.  Every time she tried to sleep, they came back.  After waking up to Athena trying to comfort her, she’d decided that not sleeping was better.  Dropping the cork screw on the table with its fresh cork, she filled her glass with merlot.
She’d just taken a sip when Jessica strolled into the kitchen headed for the sink.  Since Zoe sat in the dark, Jessica didn’t notice her right away.  When she did, she gasped in shock dropping her glass into the sink.
“Zoe!” Jessica managed. “You startled me.”
Zoe remained unmoved.  She simply took a sip of her wine and continued to stare at her older sister.
The sun was doing Jessica some good, her skin was tanned, her blond hair streaked by the sun.  It was growing too, Zoe noticed.  In a pink silk nightgown, Jessica seemed approachable, not like before.
Steadying herself, Jessica righted the glass in the sink and moved to switch on the light.  Flooding the room with warm yellow light, she turned to look at her sister, her eyes not missing the wine bottle and the wine glass beside it.
“Bad night,” Jessica said, moving back to the sink to get her glass of water.  She took it with her and sat on a stool across Zoe at the island table.  She couldn’t see her sister’s expression as usual all her hair fell over her face.  “Want to talk?”
“No,” Zoe said her tone unfriendly.
Jessica sighed; she sipped her water, her gaze moving over Zoe.  Her sister was wrapped in a purple house coat with a black t-shirt inside.  Her right hand held the wine glass, and Jessica couldn’t help noticing the impressive ring blinking there.  The craftsmanship of the thing was astounding.  The R and Z in emeralds and diamonds must have taken some thought to get it to look so exquisite.
“Did Robbie give you that?” she asked nodding to the ring.
Zoe stared at her sister for a full minute.  “It’s none of your business.”
“You have to talk to someone,” Jessica said.  “You can’t stay this angry all the time.”
“I can be what I choose.” Zoe snapped.
“You choose to be an alcoholic?  A bitter woman who doesn’t see what is right before her?” Jessica demanded. “You want to be lonely?”
“What does it matter to you, Jess?” Zoe asked coldly.  “I don’t have time to deal with your sudden need to be a savior.”
She slid off her stool and reached for the bottle of wine but Jessica grabbed it.
“You’re destroying yourself drinking like this,” Jessica said hotly.  “I can’t watch it, and its hurting Mamma.  Why can’t you see it?  We want to help and you won’t let us.  Why are you being so stubborn?”
“Don’t pretend that you care for even a minute, Jessica,” Zoe said just as loud. Shaking her head at her sister’s audacity, Zoe grabbed the bottle of wine back and turned for the door.  “Stay out of my way.”
Jessica was left staring after her sister in shock.  No one had ever told her Zoe could be so scary.  That cold voice she’d used at the end truly chilled her.  Sighing, Jessica wondered at this situation.  They weren’t going any where.  Zoe seemed to be resenting them all even more.  She wasn’t giving them an opening instead she seemed to be spiraling into a dark abyss that no one was able to pull her out of.
She’d hoped the talk with Kenny would do the trick; apparently it was making things worse.

****

‘My husband is innocent!  Take it back, Zoella.” Julia Harden insisted.  ‘How can you say these things about your uncle?  He’s like a father to you.”
‘Calm down, Julia.  It’s just a misunderstanding,’ Gabriella said.  ‘I’ll clear it. Zoe, come on you know you’re wrong about this.  Someone else did this.’
‘I-I’m telling the truth,’ Zoe said clinging to Kenny’s hand tightly.  Her heart squeezing painfully, she feared they wouldn’t listen.  That they’d leave him out and he’d do it again. ‘Y-you have to believe me.’
‘She’s not crazy, Gabby,’ Kenny said quietly.  ‘Her story is not changing, I believe her.’
‘You don’t know what you’re suggesting, Kenny,’ Gabriella said, shaking her head in denial.  ‘Zoella this is not a game.  Now be serious about this.’
Opening her eyes, Zoe shook her head and stared at the black polished surface of the grand piano.  Sitting up, she realized that she’d fallen asleep on the cover.  Her eyes were gritty, but she didn’t dare lie down on a bed.  The nightmares kept coming.
Reaching for the wine bottle on top of the piano, she tipped its contents to her mouth and gulped a healthy swig.  Oblivion was so much more inviting than reality.  Remaining drunk was going to be the only way to deal with her life. 
Julia Harden’s accusations still plagued her.  The woman had tried to make her feel as though she was responsible for destroying her life.
Zoe scoffed realizing that the woman had not tried but succeeded in her quest.  What hurt more was that for a while her own mother had sided with Julia.  The only thing that had changed Gabriella’s mind was the undeniable evidence found by the police at the Harden house.
What that monster had done to her—, she shook her head—, it had broken her.  Broken her into little tiny pieces that refused to glue back together no matter what she did.
How many times was she going to try and be normal?  Each time, she failed more miserably than the last.  The first time she’d tried it, she’d ended up in a hospital with slashed wrists.  This time, she’d managed to destroy Robbie and their life together. 
“It’s never going to end,” she whispered into the large ball room.
“Zoe,” Sarah called from the doorway.
Zoe’s bleary eyes settled on her and the ferocious need to strike out rose fast.
She had to swallow hard to keep the hard words that were on the tip of her tongue in.  It wasn’t the girl’s fault who her father was she tried to reason.  The child was innocent; still her presence here solidified truths that she would rather not deal with.  
“May I come in and listen?” Sarah asked.
“No.” Zoe snapped, trying to save Sarah from a mad woman.
“Oh,” Sarah said, feeling rebuffed.  She’d hoped to at least spend a few minutes with Zoe, “perhaps another time.”
Zoe just stared at her, and the expression on her face made Sarah turn away in a hurry.  Alone again, Zoe took another swig from the wine bottle and cursed under her breath.

*****

By lunchtime, the atmosphere in the Villa bordered on explosive, there wasn’t a person who hadn’t ran into Zoe and her foul mood.  The twins were on edge, their mother just as stressed.
To help relieve the situation, Danny took the twins out on the yacht for a ride.  Jessica and Gabriella decided the beach was safer, so they headed that way.    Kenny had left early in the morning to deal with Davenly business in the city.  Thaddeus was also at the office, which left Athena in the house with Zoe.  It pained her that both men weren’t in because they were the only ones who could calm Zoe when she got this way.
Well, Athena thought, there was also Robbie, but she doubted he wanted to see Zoe right now.
A storm was brewing with every minute and it worried Athena that she would not be able to stop it.  Her fears were realized around three in the afternoon.  Everyone had just finished lunch in the kitchen.  That is, Jessica, Gabriella, Julia, Zelda, Athena and the Twins.  Alain was dedicatedly peeling carrots for dinner while Athena tried to coax Zan into eating a piece of papaya.  The twins were regaling them with stories about their morning adventure on the Aegean with Danny.
“It’s too bad he had to go with those ladies.  I was having fun,” Sarah said.
“A guy has to have game, having us there wasn’t helping,” Terry commented.  “Danny is really cool, like a big brother cool.”
Zoe walked in then, headed for the wine rack, an empty bottle in her hand.  Ignoring everyone, she replaced the bottle she held.
“You’re depleting supplies, little one,” Alain said, his eyes narrowed on her.
“I’ll go shopping,” Zoe said negligently, reaching for a new bottle.
“You should eat something,” Athena advised. “Alain made mushroom soup, have some now.”
“I’m not hungry,” Zoe said, about to turn away.
“I’m not asking,” Athena said authoritatively.  “Sit and eat now.”
Glaring at her aunt, Zoe’s gaze moved to Zan’s curious face and she capitulated.  It wouldn’t do to have Zan see her yell.  Not relinquishing the wine bottle, she moved to sit beside Zan at the island table.
“The sun is shining out,” Alain noted.  “The twins say it’s beautiful out there.  You should check it,” he said when he placed a bowl of soup before Zoe.
Zoe didn’t comment and instead picked up the spoon in the bowl.  Her stomach lurched at the thought of taking a bite and she stalled the action by playing with the soup.
“You should try and sleep too,” Athena said with concern a few minutes later.  Jessica was talking to Alain so Athena kept her tone low.
“I can’t,” Zoe said shaking her head, “it’s not—
“You’re going to fall on your face if you don’t sleep,” Athena said, her gaze on the dark circles under Zoe’s eyes.  “You’re drunk and exhausted.”
“Maybe it would be better,” Zoe said meeting her aunt’s gaze.  “I’m tired.  I’m sleepy but it’s not helping to sleep.  I can’t function.”
“Take your pills, my love,” Athena suggested.  “Stop drinking, that’s probably what’s making this so difficult for you.”
“I am taking my pills,” Zoe replied.  “The drinking sends me to oblivion.  I don’t want to wake up crying and screaming anymore.”
“Zoe—
“I’ll not have them pitying me also,” Zoe said in a bitter hushed voice.
“Is everything okay?” Gabriella asked, worried about Athena’s urgent tone.
Athena looked at her and would have spoken but Zoe beat her to it.
“What do you think Mamma?  Does everything seem okay?” Zoe snapped.
“Zoe—,” Athena touched her right hand to stop her.
“No!” Zoe cut her off.  “I’ll not keep quiet, seems like I’m the only one disturbed by this situation.  Why not get everyone else in the same boat.”
“Terry, Sarah, please go to the beach,” Athena ordered, standing up, she helped Zan off his chair and urged Zelda to leave.  Once the children were gone, Athena said, “I suppose you want to talk.”
“Will talking help you?” Zoe asked, pushing the mushroom soup away.  “Coz, I’m not seeing how it will help me.  I’m drunk.”
“You’re playing with your health drinking so excessively,” Gabriella said with a knowing look.
“Oh quit the maternal comments,” Zoe said with a roll of her eyes.
“I’m your mother, Zoella.  Nothing in this world will ever change that.  You have to know that I love you,” Gabriella said.
“What does that mean to me?  Should I believe it matters because you’re here?  Because you know a few things about me, I should be happy and love you more?” Zoe asked.  “You’re so very wrong.”
“When did you get so bitter?” Gabriella asked.  “I know you’re angry at me, but such bitterness, Zoella, you have to let it go.”
“Let it go,” Zoe scoffed.  “Do you think it’s that easy?  Seeing that woman beside you in the same house with me after all that happened, do you think it’s easy for me?  Or those children, knowing who their father is, I can’t stop the disgust inside me.  You sit there and ask me to let it go like it’s a simple issue, God!”
“Zoe,” Julia said.  “I’m here to make amends.”
Zoe scoffed again.  “You’re eight years too late.  You shouldn’t be here.”
“You know why am here.”  Julia said, standing up to move to Zoe.  She stopped when Zoe visibly cringed.  “You never answered my letter.”
“Why on earth do you care what I do?” Zoe demanded.  “You should be happy you’re getting your husband back.  Your precious family will be together again.”
“It’s not like that anymore,” Julia protested in a quiet tone.  She painfully remembered the accusations she’d flung at Zoe eight years ago.  She’d been cruel then, hurt... “I’m sorry for what I said then.”
“Good for you,” Zoe said getting off her stool.  “I’m sorry you wasted a trip.  I’m not going for that hearing.”
“You have to,” Julia burst out, panic gripping her at the idea of Steve Harden free.  “He can’t get out of prison.”
“Your aunt is right,” Gabriella pointed out.
“I can’t.” Zoe shook her head.  “I won’t go.”
“Why not,” Julia asked.  “Are you happy knowing that he will be walking free?  Are you going to feel safe, Zoe?  What if he does it to someone else, or even Sarah?”
Zoe threw the bottle of wine to the floor.  The action so fast and angry it surprised them all including Alain who groaned at the waste.
“You have no right talking that way to me,” Zoe said in quiet anger.  What did they know of feeling safe?  Nightmares were eating her alive, how could they understand that she didn’t know what safe meant anymore.  “Tia Julia, you blamed me for destroying your family.  I caused you pain and grief, you said.  You had no thought for my pain!  My grief!  How dare you stand there and ask me to do this to protect your daughter.”
“Zoe,” Gabriella gasped, shocked by all the pain in Zoe’s words.
Misunderstanding why Gabriella had said her name, Zoe turned to her.
“What Mamma, are you backing her up?  Stupid question,” she shook her head, “you always have, even when I was counting on you to get me through the worst.  I was a fool, wasn’t I?  Do you know what it’s like to wake up screaming at night because I’m back there?  Helpless, alone, being violated and degraded over and over until I want to die?  Do you?”
Athena held back a sob while Jessica bit her fist hard to keep from talking.
It was too much, Jess thought, wanting to hold on to her sister and offer whatever comfort she could.  But Zoe would only reject it.
“If it were up to me,’ Zoe continued.  “I’d castrate that bastard, and then shoot him to death.  But it isn’t up to me, is it?  I can’t think about him without shaking.  How do you think I’ll face him?”
“Zoe,” Athena said, moving to hug her but Zoe shook her head and ran a hand through her hair.
It was because she was drunk, she thought.  Otherwise she’d never bother to explain anything to these people.  Everything was so messed up.
Pointing to the wine, she said, “I’m sorry, Alain.” 
When he nodded, she hurried out of the kitchen in quick strides.

*****

Tears slid down Jessica’s face after Zoe left.  She’d never stopped to think what life would be like for Zoe.  But seeing her now, it certainly didn’t seem easy.
“It’s going to destroy her if that bastard walks,” Jess said out loud.
Gabriella sighed and reached for tissues from a box on the table.  Handing them to Jessica, she hugged her daughter and dropped a kiss on her forehead.
“We won’t allow it, not this time,” Gabriella said.
“She’s so angry,” Julia said sitting down, “especially with me.  Maybe this showing up was a bad idea.”
“I’m not going to say it, you already know my opinion,” Athena said bending down to pick up the broken pieces of the wine bottle.  Alain came over to help her.  “But, you’re here; we should deal with the situation.”
“How, when she won’t sit through anything without lashing out,” Julia asked.
“Can you blame her?” Jessica asked, with a shake of her head.  “Let’s not act like things were great back then, Tia Julia.”
“I am not saying we forget anything,” Julia said turning to look at her niece, needing her to understand.  “I’m sorry it had to be the way it was.  I was angry and bitter back then.  Who wants to accept that she’s married to a psychopath?  I dealt with it, but now, I need your help to fix this.  Steve Harden can’t come out of jail.”
Gabriella sighed.
Athena dumped glass into a garbage can and turned to look at the three women seated at the island table.  Ever since she’d learned about the parole hearing, she’d been torn between Zoe’s vulnerability and the reality.
In her heart, she knew what had to be done, she knew it.  But Zoe was hurting.  The last few nights, she’d held Zoe in her arms after those awful nightmares and wanted to chase the entire family out for bringing them back.  Yet the only way for Zoe to deal with those nightmares was for her to return back to the States and face that hearing.
Walking to the sink, Athena washed her hands.  Her thoughts returning to a conversation she’d had with Sylvia two weeks ago.
“She has to face Steve Harden,” Sylvia said.  “He has become a negative force in her head.  She won’t commit to anything in her life, if she doesn’t put that demon to rest.”
“But—,” Athena shook her head, her gaze on Sylvia.  “I can’t make her do it.  She’s not ready.”
“I understand you,” Sylvia said.  “I’ve been trying to help Zoe accept the possibility that she might need to go there, but it is slow progress.  We back peddle a lot.  I don’t want her to be afraid to come and talk to me.”
“I can’t do it.” Athena cringed at the thought of pushing Zoe to face that monster. “You haven’t heard her scream in fear, Sylvia.  It’s extremely unnerving.  I protect her from the world and how cruel it’s been.”
“Protection is also harmful,” Sylvia said gently.  “She doesn’t realize it but the love she has with Robbie has healed a lot of her wounds.  What is hurting her now is fear.  Fear of a life without Robbie, her music career, her happiness and it’s a really ugly fear.  If we corset her she won’t fight that fear.”
Athena turned off the water and reached for a hand towel.  She faced the three women and said,
“When Zoe first came to Greece, she was a shell.  There was no life in her and she seemed like she would never react to anything for the rest of her life.  You can imagine how shocking it was to see it.”
Placing the dish cloth on the counter, Athena moved to sit on a stool across them.
“She was sixteen but she seemed a hundred years old.  The only thing that calmed her constant turmoil was music.  Kenny used to make sure it was playing around her at all times.  We literally forced her to follow the daily motions, like eating, bathing, taking a walk, and sitting out in the sun.  We couldn’t get tired.”
“One afternoon, after months of silence, we found her at the beach playing a violin she’d found in the music room at Aledeus.  She was playing this complex melody called the devil’s trill, not many can master it.  Just hearing her play was brilliant,” Athena said in awe at the memory of that day.
“Zoe looked so alive.  I’d never seen her look so beautiful.  Thaddeus asked me to move in that day, so I could help her with her music.  I didn’t hesitate,” Athena smiled, “by then I think I was already half in love with him.  How could I let him down?”
Jessica reached out and took Athena’s hand in comfort.
Athena sighed.  “The first night I slept at Aledeus was the night I heard it.”
“Heard what?” Gabriella asked with a frown.
“A scream so filled with fear it made my blood run cold.  I dashed out of bed, thinking that we were being attacked.”  She shook her head.  “It surprised me to find that Zoe was the one screaming huddled in a corner of her bedroom, tears running down her face.  When I finally calmed her down, she wouldn’t let me leave her alone.”
“It should have been me with her,” Gabriella said quietly.  It pained her that she hadn’t been there when her daughter needed her the most.  What had she been doing those days?
“It should have been,” Athena said.  “But, I’m not telling you this to make you feel bad, Gabby.  I love your daughter like she’s mine.  As the years passed by, the screams never disappeared, but they decreased.  She put her trust in me and together we fought through it.  Sylvia, her psychiatrist, did a lot, even prescribed her meds to help her sleep at night, but memories have ways of coming out when they are suppressed.  She’d get panic attacks during the day from a shadow in the corner or a man walking toward her.  It has been a combined effort to get her through the day.  Zoe learned to deal with her problems and that’s why Tony is always with her.”
“I can’t imagine what that is like,” Julia sighed. “I’ve heard it got pretty bad.”
“Yeah,” Athena sighed, patting Jessica’s hand.  “Peace came eventually.  Robbie McClaire has a way with Zoe that the rest of us don’t, even Kenny.”
“That bastard,” Gabriella said in surprise.  “He is into drugs, booze and womanizing, what would he know?”
Athena gave Gabriella a sharp look.
“Robbie is a good man, with a great heart and a steady head on his shoulders.  He loves Zoe.  I would do anything for him because that man took away Zoe’s nightmares.  He keeps her calm her on a level I’ll never be able to.”
“Are you sure you’re talking about the same Robbie McClaire?” Jessica blinked; it was hard to reconcile the picture Athena was painting with the one she knew.
“Believe me, you just have to get passed the public image,” Athena said on a smile.  “If Thaddeus approves, I don’t see how you guys can’t.  Anyway, my point here is that two nights ago, I heard that scream again and I wanted Steve Harden dead for destroying my careful work.  Now all Zoe’s doing is getting drunk and sleeping when her body can’t take anymore.  Damn bastard!”
“What can we do?” Jessica asked.  “There has to be a solution.”
“It’s not as simple as saying stop,” Gabriella said.  “Zoe’s afraid.”
“That’s exactly what Sylvia said to me,” Athena said, meeting Gabriella’s gaze.  “She also says that the only way to help Zoe is to get her to the trial.  I wasn’t seeing how I could convince her to do it.”
“Athena,” Gabriella said.  “I know this is really hard.  If you want, I will play that role.”
“There is no other way, I know there isn’t.”  Athena sighed.  “But I don’t want to do it.  I can’t do it, Gabriella.”
“Then let me.  I’ll play the bad cop role, Athena.  I can force her into it.” Gabriella promised.
“You don’t have to force.  We can try persuasion,” Athena said looking away. It pained her to do this, but what choices did they have.

*****

Holding her gasp, Zoe stepped back from the kitchen door and tried to gather her wits.  She couldn’t believe it.  Athena was joining them.
She’d come back to get her wine and paused when Athena had been talking.  The last part was a shock.  She knew her family well enough to understand that they weren’t joking.  Castilles happened to have too much influence, she thought with disgust.
They would get her to the States.
Stepping back again, Zoe headed down the corridor.  Her heart pounding loudly, she knew that there was no way she was going for that hearing.  She couldn’t.
When she reached the foyer, she stood there a moment staring at the front door.  Her vision was blurry.  She was drunk, and perhaps it was amplifying her fear.
Zoe wasn’t aware of having moved.
One moment she was standing, the next she was quietly opening the door and slipping out.  All she knew was that she was not attending that hearing.

******
Chapter Seventeen

“How was the consortium,” Danny said into his cell phone.
He was lying on a lounge chair by the pool at the Sea Green Luxury club in Athens city, sunglasses resting on his nose.  Tamia leaned up beside him and popped a grape into his mouth.  He smiled at her and she kissed his jaw.
“I have survived it,” Alex Chang said.  “Imagine that.  After this, I’m going to visit the nearest club and party for a week.  I don’t know how you do it.”
“I’m impressed, Alex,” Danny chuckled at his best friend.  “I was giving you a week.”
“Such faith in me,” Alex said with a laugh.  “Where are you?  No, let me guess.  You sound too relaxed to be in that office of yours.  Athens?”
“Yes,” Danny said.  “I’m taking a leaf out of your life.  It feels good.”
“Did you take the secretary?” Alex asked.
“Not that it’s any of your business,” Danny chuckled.
“Finally,” Alex said in mock joy. “You were starting to worry me.”
“Don’t exaggerate matters,” Danny said, his phone beeped alerting him to an incoming call.  “I’m hanging up now.  Go talk up an executive.”
“Come on, I’m surrounded by old men in suits who’re discussing graphs.” Alex complained. “Don’t hang up.”
“You should appreciate me more,” Danny teased.  “I’ll call you later.”
“Fine,” Alex sighed and ended the call.
Danny answered the other call.
“Yes, Jess?”
“Is Zoe with you?” Jessica asked.
“No.” Danny said, glancing at his watch, “its six o’clock in the evening, she could be out having some fun.  She’s not at home?”
“No, I thought you’d picked her up.” Jessica sighed.  “Oh well, Athena is concerned, that’s why I called.”
“She could be with that music teacher from AMS,” Danny said he’d had the guy checked out after that first night when Zoe had stayed out late.  “He’s okay; she should be fine with him.”
“You’re right,” Jessica sighed again.  “I’m sorry.  I think I’m just feeding off Aunt Athena’s anxiety about her.  Enjoy yourself big brother.”
“Good night, Jess.” Danny finished the call and placed his cell phone on a table beside him.  Looking at Tamia he smiled. “I apologize.”
“How much,” Tamia asked meeting his gaze.
She smiled when he sat up and moved to sit on her chair.  His dark hair falling over his left brow, his dark eyes sexy and smoldering, she couldn’t believe he could be so agreeable.  Her breath hitched when he leaned over her.
“This much,” he said, pressing a kiss on her lips, she reached up and sank her fingers into his soft dark hair in bliss.

*****

“Tony, where is Zoe?” Athena asked it was ten o’clock at night.
Zoe wasn’t back, and no one remembered her leaving.  She always said goodbye and when she’d be back.  But today, there had been nothing.  
A trip to Zoe’s room had surprised her because the suite was smart and clean, no clothes dumped everywhere.  This meant that Zoe had not returned to her room after the maids had cleaned.
“I haven’t seen her.  She’s been in the house all day,” Tony answered.  “The last time I saw her she was in the kitchen with you.”
“That’s hours ago,” Athena said.  “All the cars are here?”
“Yes, madam,” Tony said.  “I don’t think she’s left.  She is somewhere in the house.”
“Fine, Tony, just alert everyone to be on the look out.  And if you see her, don’t tell her am looking, I just want to know where she is.”
“Of course,” Tony said, and then hurried off to do his own search.  It worried him that no one had seen Zoe.  The girl was capable of slipping in out of places, he knew her well.
Alone, Athena let out a sigh and wondered why she was feeling so uneasy.  May be it was the lack of music; Zoe was always blasting music in her room, or playing piano in the ballroom.  The silence was deafening.  

******

By morning, the worry had spread through the household.  Kenny came down to the kitchen to find Alain staring out the window.  Frowning, he greeted,
“Alain, what’s so interesting in the morning?”
“Morning Williams,” Alain said, nodding to the coffee pot. “Coffee is fresh.”
“Why are you so down in the morning?”
“Zoe didn’t come home,” Alain said.
“What?” Kenny said, in surprise.  “Are you sure she’s not in one of the rooms having a moment with the wine?”
“Stop joking, Williams, she’s nowhere to be found.  Tony looked for her himself.”
Kenny sighed and abandoned his coffee.  He was going to strangle this woman.
What was with the disappearing acts lately? It was getting old.
“Damn it,” Kenny said.  “Am sure she’s within the compound, she can’t go anywhere else now.”
“Yeah,” Alain shrugged.  Moving away from the kitchen window, he went back to his work at the sink.  “She was losing it yesterday, you know, she broke my wine bottle on the floor.  I never realized how strong she was.”
“What happened yesterday, Alain?”
“There was a moment, here in my kitchen.  Miss Zoe got angry at Julia and yelled at them all,” Alain said, looking up at Kenny.  “Maybe you should be more concerned about getting her back with Robbie.”
“That’s not happening,” Kenny said.  “I gotta go find her.  Tell Jessica I had to go out.”

*****

“Demetrius Avinoff?”
Demetrius glanced up from his desk to find two men standing at his office door.  They were both tall; one was blonde and the other dark haired.  They were casually dressed in t-shirts and shorts, their feet in sandals, despite the relaxed outfits, the look in their eyes spelled trouble. 
“Yes, how may I help you?”
“I am Danny Castille and this is Kenny Williams, can we have a few minutes of your time?”
He wasn’t sure what it was that made him stand up, but the Castille name gave him pause.  This was the second time someone affiliated with Zoe had come to talk with him.  
“Please come in.”
“Thank you,” Danny said.  “I’m sure you’ve already figured it out.  I am Zoe Castille’s brother.  Do you mind if we ask you some questions.”
“Go ahead,” Demetrius said, his gaze moving to the blond man beside Danny.  He seemed on edge, like he was ready to lash out at him.  “What’s happened to Zoe?  Her bodyguard was asking me about her days ago.”
“Have you spoken to her?” Danny asked.  “Has she called you?”
“No, she hasn’t.  And I haven’t seen her since the last time I came to the Villa,” Demetrius said.  “I called her once, but she didn’t answer.”
“You really haven’t seen her?” Kenny asked with a frown.
“No,” Demetrius said, shaking his head.
Danny nodded, studying him for a moment; he then turned and placed a hand on Kenny’s shoulder.  “Let’s go.”
“Are you sure?” Kenny asked his tone hard.
“Yes.  Come on.” Danny urged. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Avinoff.”
Kenny gave Demetrius one last glance, those silver grey eyes giving a warning, before he allowed Danny to lead him to the door.
Alone, Demetrius let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.  Those two were extremely dangerous, he decided whatever was going on he pitied the person who’d be on the wrong side of those two.

*****

“Scare him much,” Jessica asked when Kenny and Danny got back to the villa.  “Demetrius doesn’t have a clue and you just had to go there.”
“Zoe’s capable of going to his place,” Kenny said.  “This is like before and it never used to be easy to find her.”
“Are you sure she’s not at Aledeus,” Danny said.  “She just can’t disappear.”
“Olivia, who takes care of the house at Aledeus, says she hasn’t seen her,” Jessica said. “Athena didn’t believe her so she had Tony go there and check.  Zoe’s not there.  Which makes me ask, perhaps she was kidnapped?”
“That’s jumping to conclusions,” Danny said pacing the living room, a hand at his hip. “Besides, anyone who kidnaps a Castille will demand money. The person we should call is Chris Stone.  He might have given her a place to stay in London.  That man is very cunning.”
They were in the living room where Jessica had been busy making calls to deal with a few matters at her London office.  She was now seated on the edge of the couch, with Kenny and Danny both pacing the living room carpet like caged animals.
Kenny sighed and dropped into an armchair.  He closed his eyes and said, “She’s breaking.”
“If it happens when she’s alone,” Jessica spoke out their worry.
“We won’t let it happen!” Danny ordered, giving them both a hard glare, he huffed and headed out of the room, living them alone.
“We should call Robbie,” Jessica said suddenly, from what Athena had told her, he seemed like the only one who could help her sister.
“It should be a last result,” Kenny said tired.  “I’m afraid Robbie might not be too receptive to Zoe’s problems right now.  Aunt Athena has a few people who might know something, let her make the calls and then we’ll call McClaire.”

*****

“I have the numbers you requested,” Ian, the assistant, announced into the living room, making Robbie turn around to stare at the lanky young man Gloria had foisted on them at the airport.  “The car will be downstairs in a few minutes.”
Robbie raised an eyebrow at the speedy results of his orders.  He didn’t want to know how Ian had gotten the phone numbers. 
Tevin came down from his room and paused at the sight of them.  He was holding a beach towel and a pair of sunglasses, dressed in shorts and sandals; he was clearly ready to hit poolside. 
“Are you sure about this?” Tevin asked.  “Ian, will you give us a moment please.”
Ian excused himself and left the room, leaving Robbie to stare at Tevin. 
“We’ve already talked about this.”
“I’m just saying Mick and Ron have a point.  Torturing yourself is not helping the situation, maybe you shouldn’t go.”
“It’s good for everyone to have an opinion,” Robbie said, heading for the phone.  “Have a good time at the pool.”
“I will,” Tevin said.  “Call me if you need me.”
“Sure,” Robbie said not turning to see Tevin leave the penthouse.
Robbie picked up the phone and dialed the number Ian had circled as Mr. Thad’s personal line.
A young woman answered and he said, “I’m looking for Mr. Castille.”
“I’m sorry but he is preoccupied at the moment.”
“I need to talk to him, tell him it’s Robbie McClaire.”
There was a pause and then she said, “Mr. McClaire, I apologize.  Mr. Castille informed us that if you called we were to direct you to the Villa.  Please jot down this address; I will alert him that you’re on your way.”

*****

It took thirty minutes to get to Villa Thermopolis.  The car pulled up at the front and Robbie took a few minutes to appreciate the beauty around him.  His gaze strayed to the massive entrance doors and a frown creased his forehead.  He got out and hurried up the steps wondering what he was going to find in there.
A butler let him in and ushered him to a living room with an amazing view of the Aegean.  He’d visited the Villa with Zoe once, but they had never had a chance to spend an extended amount of time here.  Their schedule conflicts had seen to that.  Their honeymoon was supposed to have taken care of that, but here he was chasing dreams.
Thaddeus didn’t allow him to wait long.  He came in looking as powerful as always.
He knew Thaddeus had always had reservations about him, but that hadn’t stopped Robbie from respecting the hell out of this man.  Thaddeus Castille was the definition of a man of honor; he defended and protected his family with all he had.  
“Good of you to come, McClaire,” Thaddeus said, waving for him to sit.  “You’re welcome here anytime.”
“Thank you,” Robbie said sitting down on the couch.  “How have you been?”
“Well,” Thaddeus said taking a seat in an armchair across him, “not as industrious as you though.”
“What does that mean?”
“Tell me, McClaire, what brings you to Athens?”
Robbie’s eyes narrowed as he realized Thaddeus’s intent.  This was an interrogation.
Swallowing angry words, Robbie answered, “I need to talk to Zoe.”
“Has she called you?” Thaddeus asked, his gaze probing.
“No,” Robbie said.  “I know she’s staying here.  It would be nice if you called her for me.”
“I’m afraid that’s not possible,” Thaddeus said with a shake of his head.
“Why not,” Robbie demanded.  “Are you stopping me from seeing her?  Because—
“I may have reservations about you, but I’d never play that role when Zoe feels the way she does about you.”  Thaddeus cut in, his tone hard.  “I can’t call her to meet you because she’s not here.”
Robbie frowned. “I’ll wait then—
“She’s missing.  I was hoping she’d called you.”
“Missing,” Robbie scoffed.  “Isn’t that getting to be a habit?  This is her home for goodness sakes where else would she go?”
“Good question,” Thaddeus mused, his gaze studying Robbie.  Robbie was feigning lack of concern but he was obviously tense.
“She’s probably out in the town,” Robbie shrugged.  “When she’s back, I’d like to talk with her.”
“Why?”
“What do you mean?” Robbie shook his head.  “After all that has happened, you still ask me why?  She’s your daughter, maybe you can give me the answers I need.”
“What answers?”
“Why did she lie to me?” Robbie asked his gaze narrowed.  “I don’t know why she brought that bastard to our house, but now that I look at you, it’s even clearer that she lied to me.”
“I don’t have a clue,” Thaddeus replied.  “But what does it matter to you Robbie?  You’re free.”
Thaddeus stood up and moved to the bar set up by the wall, pouring two shots of brandy, he turned to study Robbie.
“I can’t begin to understand why you’re sitting in that chair.”
“Why do you think?” Robbie asked.
“I think you’re here to heal your injured ego.   She has embarrassed you terribly, McClaire.  Leaving you at the altar so to speak, you, the famous rock star that you are, sought after by the entire world of women.  How dare she?  You’d chosen her after all.  How dare she leave you?”
“Are you done?” Robbie asked
“No, I could go all day,” Thaddeus said still standing at the bar.  “There are hordes of women waiting in line for you.  You could always go for them.  They’d be happy to spend a second in your presence—
“I want to spend my time with Zoe,” Robbie said through gritted teeth. “I wanted to have her accept me too, so don’t speak like you know everything.”
“But I do.” Thaddeus sighed, pushing away from the bar, and moving to stand by Robbie’s chair.  He held out the glass to him.  “Do you care for Zoe, Robbie?”
Taking the glass, Robbie tossed the scotch back in one gulp.  “I love Zoe that will never change.”
He looked up to meet Thaddeus’s unwavering gaze, his emotions clearly there for Thaddeus to read.
After a moment, Thaddeus moved back to his seat.
“The truth is, McClaire, there is a lot you don’t know about Zoe.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Robbie asked affronted by that remark.  “I beg to differ—
“Trust me; she’s a stranger to you,” Thaddeus said, cutting him off again.  “If—, and yes, I do say if—, you do get back together, you’re going to be recreating a relationship.  This was something she recognized and I believe that’s why she left you.”
“I can’t listen to you,” Robbie said anger rising fast.
Robbie wasn’t sure what was making him think that Zoe’s reasons for leaving were much scarier than he imagined.  She’d always had this big wall hiding her past, a wall he’d never managed to break.  What could be so bad that she needed to run away?
“I’m not trying to be condescending.  I want to help.” Thaddeus admitted.
“Help,” Robbie scoffed.  “If you’d wanted to help you’d have called me the moment you realized she lied to me.”
“Zoe’s wishes will always take precedence.  I can’t change that.”
“Regardless of the situation and who it involves?” Robbie asked.  “Did you even stop to think what this would be like for everyone else?”
“We can go twenty rounds, I wouldn’t change my answer,” Thaddeus replied.  “I’d do it again.”
“Glad to know where I stand,” Robbie said in disgust.  “Can you at least tell me why she did it?  Why did she lie to me?”
“To push you away,” Thaddeus answered.  “It worked so well, you believed it so easily.”
Robbie would have spoken but Thaddeus’s cell phone rang interrupting them.  Excusing himself, he stood up and moved to the windows to answer it.  Robbie sat back and listened to the one-sided conversation.
“Anything,” Thaddeus asked.
“Alright, come home, my love.  Zan misses you.  I’ll have others go looking.” 
“No, I don’t think she’s at Aledeus, Olivia has strict orders to call.”
“Really, I don’t think she could defy me this time.”
“Fine, come home.  There’s someone here you can talk to.  He will make you feel better.”
Hanging up, Thaddeus turned to look at Robbie.  “Athena is on her way, she has been trying to find Zoe.  This is hitting her hard; I think it’s because she doesn’t know how to help Zoe.  Please stay, have tea and dinner with us.  The family will be glad to see you.”
“The family?” Robbie asked with a frown.
“Oh yes.  Gabriella, Kenny, Jessica and Danny are here, it’s a full house.  You’ll fit right in,” Thaddeus answered with a small smile.

******
Athena came home an hour later in a flurry of activity.  Holding Zan’s hand tightly after a series of kisses, she hurried toward the terrace in the drawing room where she could hear laughter and the sound of glasses.  Smiling, she stopped at the terrace doors when she saw Robbie standing with Danny and Kenny in the yard.  Drinking in the sight of him, her heart calmed down as though there would be nothing to worry about anymore.  Just seeing him sharing a joke with the rest, was enough, she thought.
Picking up Zan, she hurried along the cobbled path, rushing to the three men.
Kenny noticed her first and moved to take Zan from her.  She insisted on carrying him and he was getting heavy.  Twirling him up, Athena was free to just stop and stare at Robbie.
He smiled at her.   “You’re beautiful as always, Aunt Athena.”
“Oh Robbie,” She rushed forward to hug him.  “It’s so good to see you.  It’s so good, really good.”
“Aunt Athena, how come I don’t get a greeting like that?” Danny asked.  “What did you do Robbie?”
“Shut up, Danny.  This is my son too; don’t give him a hard time.” Leaning up on her toes, she kissed Robbie’s jaw, and pulled back to study him, holding his hand.  “And what have you been doing with yourself? You’ve lost weight.  This is not good.  You’re to stay here for a while, I’ll feed you.”
“Aunt Athena,” Robbie grinned kissing her cheek.  “I’ve missed you.”
“And I you,” she said sincerely.  Squeezing his fingers, she sighed.  “I wish you’d come a few days earlier, you’d have found what you’re looking for.”
“Did you talk to the aunties and uncles?” Kenny asked, placing Zan on his shoulders for a horse ride.
“Yes,” Athena sighed.  “They haven’t seen her.  I don’t know where else to look.  It’s harder because all her bank accounts haven’t shown any activity so it’s definitely not a hotel.”
“I don’t understand where else she could have gone,” Robbie said.  “This is her home.”
“There has been a lot going on,” Athena said automatically, everyone in the house knew the situation; it didn’t occur to her to hold her tongue.  “Zoe’s been stressed with the whole Steve Harden thing, and having Julia around, I should have seen it coming.”
“Steve Harden thing,” Robbie asked.  “And if you mean stressed by our break up, she started it.”
“You’re the tip of the iceberg,” Athena joked.  “No offence intended.”
“The tip, what’s worse than leaving me at the altar?” Robbie asked perplexed.
Athena stared at him, and then said, “Zoe is running from her past.  She needs to be cornered so that she can deal with it.”
“What past?  I’m confused even more,” Robbie admitted.  “What the hell is going on here that I’m missing?”
Silence fell among them and Robbie glanced at Kenny in question.  Kenny sighed and gave Athena an apologetic look.  Putting Zan down, he said, “I’ll tell him.”
“If you think its best,” Athena said, taking Zan’s hand, to Robbie she said. “Don’t think too harshly of us, we’ve had no choice but to lie to you.”
Wondering why Athena would tell him that, Robbie waited patiently as Athena headed back to the house.
He turned to Kenny and asked, “What?”
“I can’t tell you the whole story,” Kenny said.  “It’s hers to tell, what I will tell you are the basics.”
“Who is Steve Harden?” Robbie asked first, not sure he wanted to know.
Kenny decided ripping the bandage off fast was better.
“Zoe was raped and assaulted by Steve Harden when she was only sixteen.  He almost killed her.”
It didn’t seem possible, but the crashing noise in Robbie’s ears felt as though the earth was breaking in half, then splintering into small pieces underneath him.  Had he really heard Kenny right?  It didn’t seem possible.
“What?” Shaking his head, Robbie turned to Danny.
Knowing that Robbie was asking for confirmation, Danny nodded his head in agreement with Kenny.
The pain in Robbie’s heart was deep, he couldn’t breath.  Beautiful Zoe with her dimples, raped?  Tears filmed his eyes and he turned away from the two men, sucking in air, he searched for control.
Kenny touched his shoulder and the control slipped.  His fist connected with Kenny’s jaw.  Savage emotion raged in sea green eyes.  Robbie turned away and let out a harsh cry that made Kenny step back.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Robbie demanded. “Why!”
“She made us all promise.  She was afraid you’d not look at her the same way.”|
“I love her,” Robbie said shaking his head.  “How could she—
“She didn’t want pity,” Kenny said with a wince.  “She didn’t want to spoil what you two had.”
“So she broke me instead,” Robbie said so quietly Kenny barely heard him.  It hurt that she hadn’t trusted him with such a thing.  It hurt so much more than her leaving him for some guy.
“Robbie—
“What is making her run away from home?” Robbie asked swallowing his rage down. 
Danny answered, “Steve Harden is due for parole, and she’s supposed to attend the hearing in November to stop it.”
Robbie turned to glare at them.  “What is wrong with the lot of you?  Can’t you fix it?  She’s living in Greece, that bastard shouldn’t be able to touch her!”
“Do you think we’ve been sitting around with this?  Harden is one cunning bastard.  If he comes out Robbie, he will sweep her through the press like a rug.  Believe me, he is slimy and very smart.  Besides, she’s not the only one who will be a victim now; he has children we have to protect,” Danny said fiercely.
Robbie cursed.  “No wonder she’s running.  You are all a bunch of idiots for keeping this from me.  My God, when I get my hands on that woman, I’m going to shake sense into her.”
“Robbie,” Danny started.  
“Shut up!” Robbie said, angrily.  “I need to get away from here right now.  This is a lot to take in and I am not sure whether I shouldn’t just walk away.  But how can I?  Those scars on her wrists are the one truth she did give me, right?  Damn it, we have to find her fast, before she decides she has nothing to lose.  God damn it! What the fuck were you thinking?”
Kenny watched as Robbie stalked off.  
Athena rushed out a few minutes later, her expression expectant, when she didn’t see Robbie she frowned.
“He left,” Danny said.  “He’s not pleased.”
“I wouldn’t be,” Athena said.  “Well, if he cares, he’ll be back.  I really hope you can convince him to help us, if he doesn’t return.”
“I don’t think you’ll have that problem,” Kenny said.  “Robbie will come back.” 

*****

Zoe was raped.
Robbie couldn’t bear the ugliness that came with that statement.  He couldn’t stop the visuals that quickly followed the words.  The replayed in his head like a darned movie.  He was now sure that he could in fact commit murder if given the chance.  He could kill the bastard who’d violated Zoe like that without remorse or hesitation.  Calmly cut the man’s throat with a knife and watch him bleed to death.
Clenching his fists, Robbie stared at the bar counter and wondered how hard it would be to plan it.
“What’s up?” Tevin asked coming to take the bar stool beside him.
Robbie jerked his head up to look at his friend, shaking his head; he reached for the glass the bartender had placed before him.
Swallowing the amber liquor allowing it to burn down his throat, Robbie said, “Zoe’s in shit.”
“What does that mean?” Tevin asked, with a roll of his eyes.  “Is there no end to the drama with this woman?  What’s happened?”
“Damn it Tevin, listen to me.  Zoe’s kind of trouble is serious,” Robbie said.  “I was so caught up in my embarrassment, I didn’t figure it out.  She would never cheat on me.  I know that.” 
Tevin paused.  “Okay, lay it out.”
“She’s missing and her family is trying to find her.  Some shit happened in her past and it’s come back to haunt her.”
“What kind of past would be that bad?  Unless she killed someone,” Tevin joked, trying to ease the tension in Robbie.  
“No, someone tried to kill her,” Robbie said, his gaze glowering.  “I could have lost her without having ever met her.”
“Jesus,” Tevin gasped.  “I was just joking with you.”
“And I’m not,” Robbie snapped.  “Believe me, Tevin, I wish I were.  Damn Castilles have been keeping it a secret.  That might be the reason Zoe’s so fucked up.”
“What!” Tevin said his eyes wide, making the bartender look up.  Tevin got off the stool and threw a couple bills on the counter, grabbing Robbie’s arm, he said, “This isn’t the place for this.  Come on.”
Back in the penthouse, Robbie told Tevin everything, when he was finished, silence filled the living room.  Tevin got up and paced to the windows staring down at the beautiful gardens.
“She will be fine; you just need to find her,” Tevin said.
“What am I supposed to say, when she didn’t even want to tell me about it?” Robbie asked with a sigh.  “We lived together three years Tevin, she never said anything.  Hell, I couldn’t have guessed it.”
“It’s not something that comes up during dinner, Robbie.  ‘Hey honey, here’s your plate of noodles, by the way, I was raped’,” Tevin shook his head.  “Cut her some slack.  I’m sure it’s a hard thing to deal with.  No wonder she is so tight lipped about her personal life when it comes to the press.  Do you know no one has ever printed anything about her childhood?”
“She’s never told me anything about it,” Robbie said quietly.  “I tried to ask once; she gave me vague answers and promptly changed the subject.” 
Tevin turned to meet Robbie’s gaze.  “She left you because she was protecting you Robbie.  If this guy gets out, and you two are together, the situation would affect both of you.”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Robbie cursed.  “Zoe is impossible.  I’m the one who’s supposed to do the protecting.  Why would she do this?  What now?”
“We’ll go back to Villa Thermopolis.  In fact, you should stay there until this is solved.  I’ll stay here to keep the press from probing too much.”
Robbie nodded, and stood up running a hand through his hair.  “This stays between us Tevin, don’t tell the others.”
“You don’t have to ask,” Tevin said.

******

“Mum, something’s happening with Zoe, right?” Sarah Girgorio asked her mother that evening before dinner.
They were in her mother’s room, and Sarah sat cross legged on the bed playing with Julia’s cell phone.
“Why do you say that?” Julia asked, turning to study her daughter.
Julia was aware that the situation in the house had not gone unnoticed by Sarah.  The girl saw too much, unlike Terry who was happy to spend the day at the beach or with Alain when he was out there.
“Just because,” Sarah said, her gaze sliding to look at her mother.  “Aunt Athena has gotten really tense, she’s not as happy as she was when we first came.  Aunt Gabby is also not smiling much these days.  Uncle Thad is always on the phone and Danny and Kenny don’t spend time with us.” 
“It’s not because they don’t want to,” Julia said gently.  “They are just worried.”
“Is Zoe alright?” Sarah asked.  “She’s so cool, but I think she doesn’t like me and Terry.”
“Why would you say such a thing?” Julia stood up and walked over to sit beside Sarah on the bed.  “She didn’t say anything to you, did she?”
“No,” Sarah said, looking away.  “I just feel it.  It’s the way she’ll look at us. I mean she’s amazing with Zan, but with us, it’s harder for her.”
Julia frowned, and ran a hand over Sarah’s dark hair.  How could she not notice something like that?  It was hard for Zoe to look at her, why would it be easier with the twins?
“Sarah, don’t worry about it.  Zoe is struggling with something very hard.  You’ll see when she comes back, she’ll be okay.”
“Are you sure, Mom?  Is there something we should know?” Sarah asked, turning on the bed to look at her mother.  “I don’t know you are also stressed.”
“Of course I am, my sister is worried.  Zoe is family,” Julia said.
Leaning forward, she caressed her daughter’s jaw.  The thought of seeing Sarah suffer through what Zoe was going through, made her stomach roll with nausea.  It couldn’t be easy for Gabriella to watch what was happening to Zoe.  Hell, it wasn’t easy for anyone.
“Sarah, I love you very much.”
“Mum,” Sarah looked up at her mother in surprise, “that bad, huh?”
Julia smiled.  “I’m just telling you that so you know we are here because we need to be.  Give Zoe some time, she’ll come around.”
Pulling Sarah into a hug, Julia added to herself. “She has to.”
****


Chapter Eighteen
‘…Breathing hard, she ran down the first flight of stairs and then he grabbed her ponytail.  The pain was so much when he pulled on it, but she wouldn’t stop. She couldn’t stop.  He pulled harder and she lost her footing.  He let go of her hair and she tumbled down the stairs, hitting the carpeted ridges hard all the way to the bottom.  A scream escaped her lips as pain seemed to explode everywhere.  In her ribcage, her stomach, her hips, her head, trying to catch her breath, she pushed herself to her feet.
‘…must keep going,’ she thought.
Hurrying into the living room, intent on the phone, she held on to the couch, trying to out maneuver him.  Reaching for the phone she almost had it, but he was already on her.  Pulling her back roughly, and throwing her viciously, she fell hard on a glass table, it broke…she was crawling…trying…trying…she had to keep trying…The piercing pain from glass cuts, he kicked her and she fell down, he reached down and pulled back his fist to hit her, she screamed…
“Zoe.”
She sat up fast, opening her eyes to escape the nightmare and came face to face with Olivia Zandross.
“Bad dream,” Livia soothed gently pushing sweaty hair out of Zoe’s face.  Moving the tangled blankets away, Livia pulled Zoe into a hug.
Zoe sighed and leaned her chin on the older woman’s shoulder.  Breathing in and out to steady her shaking body, she bit down on the fear ruthlessly, clinging to reality by letting her gaze move over the familiarity of the room.  The comfortable couch on the wall with its forest green design, beside it to the left, a pair of terrace doors covered with a pair of sheer white curtains.  The vanity table right after, cluttered with tubes, pens, papers and other knick knacks.  The rumpled bed with its light green blanket and now tangled white sheets.
Lifting her head, she watched as Livia reached for a glass of water from the bedside table.  Handing it to Zoe, Livia said, “The medicine is not working.”
Sipping the water, Zoe sighed again.  “Oh yes it is.  Sleep is what the meds are giving me.  The dreams are part of my sleep these days.”
“We should call Sylvia—
“No,” Zoe cut her off placing the glass on the bedside table.  Sliding her feet over the bed, she said, “No need to worry her.”
“We can make her promise not to tell where you are,” Livia cajoled.
She was well aware of Zoe’s need to hide away from her family, but the nightmares were getting worse.
Zoe shook her head.  “Its alright, I’m fine.”
Glancing at the clock on the table, she realized she’d only been sleeping for three hours.
“It’s two in the night,” Livia pointed out, “we both know you’re not going to sleep anymore.  I can’t leave you like this.”
“Livia,” Zoe said with a small smile.  “You need your rest.” 
Reaching for her robe at the foot of her bed, Zoe pulled it on and stood up.
“Are you sure?” Livia asked, her gaze moving worriedly over her young charge.
No matter what age Zoe was, she’d always be the young girl Master Thad had brought to her eight years ago.  A girl with memories that could make grown men cry and women kill.  Sure, Zoe was older now, but she was still too skinny for Livia’s liking and the past was unrelenting.
Zoe, aware that Livia would spend the night up if allowed, reached for the older woman’s hand.  Giving it a squeeze, she led Livia to the door.
“Please stop worrying about me, Livia, and go get some rest.  I won’t forgive myself if I keep you up,” Zoe urged, “go rest.”
Livia shook her head, clearly unwilling to leave, but because Zoe had her pride, Livia leaned in and kissed her dimpled cheek.  Letting herself out, she closed the door quietly and headed to her room.
Alone, Zoe sank into a couch aware that sleep was far away and wished for a bottle of wine.
Livia didn’t keep wine in her house; Zoe thought sullenly, the woman was forcing her to kick the habit.  Her senses were to remain clear, especially if the family found her.  Shuddering at the thought, she rubbed her eyes.  It was two o’clock in the morning.  She was stone cold sober and quite unhappy.  Life had never seemed so real.

****

“Zoe is at Aledeus,” Thaddeus announced a day later, his gaze moving over his family.
Julia sat beside Athena and Gabriella, the excitement at the news was apparent in their eyes.  Athena smiled.
“Olivia is keeping her at her cottage.”
“We should go then,” Athena said happily, checking her watch, “we can be there in time for lunch.” 
“No.” Thaddeus straightened up, his gaze hard as he laid down the law.  “We’re not all rushing there.
“Thad,” Athena gasped, her gaze on him, outrage rising fast.
“It’s not happening,” Thaddeus said.  Turning his gaze to the three gentlemen seated to his right in the living room, he said, “Danny and Kenny will take Robbie to Aledeus.”
“What!” Athena said, getting up, hands at her waist.  “Don’t think you’re going to stop me, Thaddeus Castille.”
“Thad,” Gabriella stood up to support Athena, effectively making them a team.
“No, both of you have to see reason.  Robbie is the best bet.  Zoe won’t listen to any of us.  You stay here, Athena, I mean that.”
“Thaddeus, Athena should be there with her,” Gabriella protested.
“Zoe needs a firm hand right now; my wife will only give her comfort.  I don’t want her to suffer the pain of being there while Zoe faces reality,” Thaddeus said to Gabriella.
“How kind of you, my love,” Athena said icily, before she left the room in a huff.
“Athena,” Thaddeus called, looking after her, but she didn’t stop.  Gabriella shook her head at him and went after Athena.  Thaddeus let out a soft sigh.  “Robbie, I’m counting on you.”
“Yeah,” Robbie said, getting up.  “How do I get to this island?”
“We go to the Limani Zeas, I have a yacht there,” Danny offered.  “I’ll see you soon, Uncle.”
“Uncle,” Kenny said as well as they all left.

******

Gabriella found Athena in the kitchen.  She was pressing a tissue to the corner of her right eye.  Watching her, Gabby marveled at how young Athena looked.  Athena was just turning thirty-eight, but one could never guess.  Tonight, she was dressed in tight fitting Levis, a tank top, and her feet were encased in low wedges.  Her hair was in a ponytail.  She could have been mistaken for a co-ed.
Athena sniffed and Gabriella decided to announce her presence.
“Men,” Gabriella said when Athena looked up, “can’t live with them, can’t be without them.”
“No one uses such old lines,” Athena said wiping her nose.  Shaking her head she continued, “He can be so bossy.  Can’t he see how hard this is?”
“Of course he can,” Gabriella moved closer.  “He’s just trying to protect you from what has to be done.”
“You surprise me,” Athena said then.  “I could have never imagined you’d champion my husband.”
“He has his moments,” Gabriella grinned.  She reached out to push a lock of hair that had escaped Athena’s ponytail behind her ear.  “You’ve opened my eyes to a few good things about my brother in-law.”
“Really,” Athena teased.
Gabriella’s grin faded and her expression then turned serious.  “I owe you my daughter’s life.”
“She’s a daughter to me too,” Athena replied.  “I love her.”
“I know,” Gabriella sighed.  “I know Athena, but you have to let us help you now.”
“Oh Gabby,” Athena shook her head, tears filling her eyes at the thought of not going to the island.  “I don’t know what to do to help her anymore.  I’m out of ideas.  I’ve done everything, and now Thad won’t let me—
Gabriella hugged her tight.  “Hush, let others help now.  I’m sorry I placed this burden on you.  It should have been mine.  It should have been mine.”
“I’m so glad you’re here,” Athena said, holding on for strength.

*****

“It will take us about two hours to get to Aledeus, from the marina,” Kenny explained to Robbie and Tevin an hour later.  They were in Piraeus, onboard the Daisy 
Danny was busy directing the crew and making sure everything was in order.  Safety was important; the sea could be unpredictable and unforgiving.  
Robbie nodded and stared out into the horizon, wondering what he was going to find at this island.  From what he had gathered from the family, Zoe had never been able to forgive her mother and aunt for the way they had treated her during Steve Harden’s trial.  She was angry with them, and refused to see reason.
He didn’t blame her.  He couldn’t help seeing the situation from her point of view.  She had been the victim; they should have seen that and acted accordingly, especially since they were her family.
Thaddeus was wrong, Robbie decided, his green eyes narrowed.  He knew Zoe.  She was no stranger to him.  This was not going to break them.

*****

Aledeus was a paradise, fiercely guarded by the local population.  It was a picturesque island, trademarked by the stacked, white box like buildings typical of Greek architecture, with numerous paths weaving through them.  The people were a close knit community; it was obvious to Robbie when they docked that their presence on the island would be huge news.
Most of them knew Danny and Kenny; they greeted them enthusiastically as they drove through the road heading up to the hills where the estate was.  
Large gates opened to allow them into Aledeus, Danny drove up a long winding road that led to a circular driveway with a water fountain of Aphrodite in the middle.  Stopping the car at the steps, a young man rushed down to take the car keys from Danny, as they got out.
The four men headed up toward the bravura house which had a portico with banisters yawning open like arms to welcome them.  The door was opened by a polite butler and Kenny asked,
“Olivia?”
“In the kitchen, Sir,” the butler said.
“Zoe?” Kenny asked.
“Sir,” the butler started.
“We know she’s here,” Danny said, “tell her that we’re not leaving until we see her.”
“Yes, Sir,” the butler said with a sigh.
Kenny walked away first, headed for a corridor that would lead him to the kitchen.  Danny nodded to the butler and said to Robbie and Tevin.
“I’d hoped you’d come here under different circumstances, but there’s nothing to do about that.  So, welcome to Aledeus, my family home.”
“Thanks,” Tevin said, his gaze taking in his surroundings with appreciation.  High ceilings, incredible paintings on the walls, each room seemed to flow into the other, the mansion was a compliment to Grecian architecture and style.  “I have to say, Castille, I’m impressed.”
Danny grinned.  “So am I, this place has that effect.  It’s been here for as long as I can remember.  My dad and uncle grew up here.  It was built by my great-grandfather.”
“What was he, a prince?” Robbie teased lightly.
“Of money,” Danny replied with a laugh.  “Come on, it’s time you meet Livia Zandross.  She’s taken care of this place forever.”
“Olivia,” Danny said when they were in the large kitchen, he hugged the short woman, “how have you been?”
“Very well,” Livia answered, pulling his head down so that she could kiss his forehead.  “Are you also in a vile mood like Kenny?  I’ve fed him soup hoping it will improve.”
She nodded to where Kenny stood with a bowl and spoon, leaning against a counter.
Danny grinned.  “Tripe soup might cure his mood.”  
Moving away from Livia, he said, “I have brought you some people you should meet. This is Robert McClaire and Tevin Whittaker, guys this is Olivia Zandross.”
Livia turned to stare at the man her Zoe had chosen.  He was handsome; she couldn’t help noting the green eyes.  Kind and gentle like Dr. Sylvia’s if more pretty to look at.  And the smile he was giving her…she could blush.  He had a strong jaw, and he carried himself well.  He looked like a man who could handle any situation.  She prolonged her scrutiny to see his reaction.  He didn’t waiver, or fidget under her piercing gaze; he was a strong one, this one.
“So you are Robbie,” Olivia said, with a welcoming smile.  “I’m glad to finally meet you.  Although, I doubt what you came looking for here will be as excited.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Robbie answered accepting her hug, she smelled homey, it was strange how comforting her hug was. 
“Good, my girl needs a stronger will.” Olivia turned to Tevin and gaped.  “Well, look at this one, he is one gorgeous man.”
Tevin laughed at her outrageous declaration.  “Does that mean I can convince you to feed me?  I hear you’re a good cook, better than Alain.”
“You’re a charmer too,” Olivia said.  “Don’t think I don’t see you nosing in my business, Williams.”
“Come on, Livia, I’m starving.  I only want to appreciate your skills.” Kenny called from the gas cooker where a few pots were covered.
“That one is dangerous,” Livia said with a wink.  She hooked her arm with Tevin’s and led him toward Kenny.  “Robbie, she’s in the rose gardens.  Go through that door over there, walk along the path to the cottage and go round it.  You’ll find her there.”
Danny pointed to a door off the kitchen that led outside; Robbie nodded his thanks and left them without another word.
Livia urged Tevin to a stool and said, “I suspect it will be an explosive one, best to let them do it out there.  Meanwhile, Kenny, tell me what is going on.  I want the full story.”

*****

The best thing about sitting in the rose gardens was the silence.  The atmosphere was calming.  The sound of wind whistling, the tree branches whispered and waved, the birds chirped occasionally.  It soothed her chaotic mind, and made her relax a little.  It also amplified her loneliness.  She wished for someone to talk to.  Someone who was understanding and who genuinely listened. She wished for someone who’d help her work through these painful emotions in her heart.
She wished for…Robbie.
Even without knowing her past, he’d always known what to say to make situations easier.  Most times, he hadn’t needed to say anything, just being there had always been enough.  The nightmares had never disturbed her when they had been together.  She’d always felt safe with him.  She missed him so much.  She missed waking up to find him beside her.  He’d made her laugh; he’d made love with her until she’d known there would never be anyone else in her life.  She couldn’t breathe without remembering his touch, his kiss, his laugh.
And now, she’d lost him forever.
It hurt so much that her music was gone.  She couldn’t seem to write one decent melody since she’d left London.  It pained her to imagine that she had possibly left her music in that penthouse with her heart.
How was she to recover from this?
She couldn’t see a way out of this one, not anymore, everything was fucked up!
Letting out a sob, Zoe buried her face in her hands, and mourned her lost life.
Robbie stalked into the gardens ready to fight.  His heart beating a mile a minute, he was armed for a shouting match.  But the sight that met him deflated his mood fast.
Seeing Zoe on the ground crying like it was the end of the world touched a very primal part of him.  He was beside her in seconds, pulling her into his arms, to comfort her.
It was a slap in the face when she pushed him away the moment she realized who he was.  Falling back on the ground, he glared at her, green eyes boiling over with fury.
“What the fuck is your problem?” he demanded.
“You,” Zoe said in shock, her eyelashes clumped with tears.  “What are you doing here?  How did you get here?”
“A boat,” Robbie snapped.  “Why are you crying?”
“None of your business,” Zoe said staring at him.  “You shouldn’t be here.”
How had he gotten here? She wondered in a panic.  Eyes widening, afraid that the family was here too, she scrambled to her feet.
“I’m not going anywhere,” she said fiercely, and then started running toward the beach.
“Oh no, you don’t,” Robbie said not about to let her go.
He ran after her, tackling her to the ground with speed and force that made her grunt and start fighting him.
They scrambled on the grass for a few minutes, before Robbie grabbed her arms and rolled her to her stomach.  He covered her back, effectively imprisoning her under him and ordered,
“Quit fighting,” he said.
“No,” Zoe huffed, blowing hair out of her face.  “I won’t.  I don’t care what they said to you, Robbie. I’m telling you I’m not going to that hearing.”
“What are you on about?” he asked shaking his head.
“Don’t play dumb with me,” Zoe warned.  “We’re not engaged anymore.  I don’t listen to you.  Aunt Athena should have—
“Stop it!” Robbie said sharply.  Before she could continue he added.  “I have no idea what you’re talking about.  I’m not here to take you anywhere.  But I do need to talk to you.  You lied to me Zoe, and I want answers.”
“Doesn’t everyone?” Zoe asked.  “Can you let me go?  I think you’re about to suffocate me.”
“Will you run?” Robbie asked, looking down at her beloved tangled hair.
“I don’t know.  Do I need to?” Zoe asked.
“Maybe,” Robbie sighed.  “I should beat your ass up, now that I have you restrained.  Do you know there was an actual man hunt for you?  Everyone was so worried.”
“Are they?” Zoe asked.  “Have they told you why?  Have they said they need to find me so that they can ship me to the States for a hearing I’d rather die than attend?  I don’t really care about the man hunt.  They can keep looking, now will you get off me.”
“Quit being so stubborn and I might,” Robbie said easing his body up a bit.  “Jeez, Castille, you’re a pain in my ass.”
“Yeah well, you’re free of me, Robbie,” Zoe replied to that.  “I don’t know why you’re here.”
“Really,” Robbie said.  “I’m getting off you now, no running.”
“Do I have a choice?” Zoe asked, rolling her eyes as he let go of her arms.
“No.”
Zoe took in a deep breath as he moved off of her.  Sitting up, she rubbed her arms and refused to meet his gaze.
Pushing her hair back with trembling fingers she started, “I—
“Stop,” Robbie cut her off.  He sat cross legged beside her.  “Why did you lie to me?  That’s all I want to know.”
Zoe swallowed, closing her eyes, she tried to still herself.  Her excitement at seeing him so close was driving her insane.  She wanted to throw her arms around him and hug him tight.  She wanted to kiss him so much…she could still do it…but it worried her he might push her away.
“I’m sorry,” she said.  It was the best she could think up.  “I didn’t know what else to do.”
“We were getting married; supposedly, we were ready to make that kind of commitment to each other.  How can you say that to me?” 
“It was very hard to lie to you, Robbie.”  Zoe opened her eyes and clenched her fingers in her lap to keep from touching him.  “I almost went out of my mind doing it.”
“Not like me,” Robbie turned to look at her, “my fiancée cheating on me was hell on earth, Zoe.  Hell, Zoe, because I love you like nothing else in this world.  I thought it was going to kill me to live without you.”
Tears sprang to Zoe’s eyes at his words.  What could she say?
“I—,” She shook her head.  “I don’t know what to tell you.”
“Who was he?” Robbie asked.  “I’d like to punch him out for helping you.”
Zoe looked up to meet his green gaze.  Her breath hitched at the anger she read there.  It surprised her that she could still drown in his green eyes. 
Blinking, she said quietly, “He used to be my bodyguard.  His name is Franco; he was just doing me a favor.  If you want to punch someone, punch me.”
Robbie frowned.  “You hurt me.”
Zoe reached out and caressed his jaw, at those words.
He was real.  She couldn’t believe he was here with her.  He was yelling at her, but it didn’t matter, he was here.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
Robbie took the hand that was caressing his jaw and sighed, wondering at how those simple words could soothe a rage that had been burning inside him for months.
Was it that simple?
Was seeing her look so fragile and real enough to make it alright?
“Tell me about your past, Zoe,” he said abruptly.
The change in her was fast and abrupt.
She pulled her hand away and broke their gaze.  “I can’t.” 
“Tell it to me,” Robbie urged, reaching for her hand again and lacing his fingers with hers.  Studying the long elegant fingers with calluses from playing the violin, he sighed, “Please.”
“I can’t.”  Zoe shook her head.  “It’s too hard.  I haven’t figured it out, and now there is this thing that’s come up.  It’s taking all I have not to break, I’m so tired.”
“Let me help you,” Robbie said, “tell me.”
“You shouldn’t be here,” Zoe said pulling back her hand.
She moved to stand up but he stopped her by pulling on her elbow.
“I know about the assault and rape,” he said when she struggled, “Kenny told me.”
“He wouldn’t,” Zoe said in shock, staring at Robbie panic in her eyes.
Kenny wouldn’t dare, Zoe thought in fear.
“He didn’t give me the whole story,” Robbie said in a quiet tone.  “I came here hoping you’d do that.”
She couldn’t talk.  Her tongue seemed stuck.  How many times had she agonized about telling him?  How many times had she come close to saying it?  The shame that came with the story flooded her and she looked down, wishing the ground would open beneath her.  Now that Robbie knew, he must be so disgusted with her.  She’d been dirtied by a monster and kept it from him.  She’d allowed him to think she was clean when in fact she was insanely rotten.
He deserved to love someone beautiful, someone who didn’t harbor dark thoughts and ugly memories, and someone who didn’t wish that she could kill an animal that had destroyed her life.  There were too many times she’d killed that bastard in her head, murdered him in cold blood after torturing him in despicable horrible ways.  Sometimes her thoughts scared her.
How could Robbie want to be with her?
How could he love her?
Her true self was this person deep, deep inside.
Shaking her head, she thought, he wouldn’t dare, just like her mother hadn’t been able to love her, neither would Robbie.
She couldn’t handle him looking at her the way her mother did.
Pulling away abruptly, she stood up and said, “I’m sorry, I can’t do this with you.  I just can’t.  You shouldn’t be here, Robbie.”
“Zoe,” Robbie said getting to his feet, but she was already running.
She disappeared through the trees and was gone before he could catch up.  Cursing under his breath, Robbie sighed and stared after her, worry creeping into his eyes at the expression he’d seen on her face.

****

That evening, Livia served the four gentlemen dinner in the informal dining room, and then send them to the drawing room for coffee.  Kenny sat on the leather couch trying to read the newspaper.
Danny and Tevin played chess at one of the tables.  They traded barbs as they played, occasionally laughing at each other.  Robbie stood by the windows his hands in his trouser pockets, moodily staring at the darkened gardens.
He hadn’t shared what had happened at the rose garden with anyone.  He figured that was his business with Zoe.  
Kenny kept glancing at him.  His curiosity made him want to ask what had happened in the gardens, but Robbie’s mood made him pause.  Shaking his head, he dropped the newspaper on the coffee table before him and was about to ask anyway when he saw Zoe at the door.
She was in a sand-soiled blue skirt, and sleeveless white shirt, her face was streaked with tear tracks, she looked awful.
When Kenny stood up, she came straight at him.  He was fielding punches and slaps in mere seconds.  Forcing him to try and restrain her.
“How could you?” she demanded.  “I asked you to keep it a secret but you just couldn’t.  You had to tell Robbie and my family, after all this time, Kenny.  Why!  Why would you do this to me?”
“Zoe, calm down,” Kenny tried for reason but Zoe was furious, she kicked his shin with her bare foot.  “Jeez, Zoe, Danny will you help.”
Danny wrapped tight arms around his sister’s waist and physically picked her up away from Kenny.
“Let me go, Danny,” she wailed.  “Now, this is his fault.  If he hadn’t told mother everything, I’d still be okay.  I’d be calmly trying to figure this out by myself, but no, he had to tell.”
“Stop it, Zoe,” Kenny said, gripping her waving hands gently.  “Stop it, you’re going to make yourself sick doing this.”
“I’m already sick,’ Zoe sobbed.  “I’m sick and tired of being this person everyone pities.  But I don’t know how else to be.  I can’t face that bastard.  Thinking about him leaves me shaking.  I hate looking at Julia, and her children…they haven’t done anything wrong, but I see their father in them, and I just want to strike out.  What I’m supposed to do?  Tell me, what do I do?  I-I can’t— Oh God—
She couldn’t breathe.  “I ca-c—
“She’s having a panic attack,” Robbie said, rushing to her side.
He brought a chair to where Danny was holding her and they helped Zoe sit.  Gently Robbie pressed her head down between her knees.  Danny rushed out of the drawing room, Robbie hoped he’d gone to get a brown bag.
“Breathe, baby, breathe, slowly.”
“I-I—
“Don’t talk, just breathe.” Robbie advised, stroking her damp hair back from her face.  “Take it easy.”  Rubbing her back, he looked up at Tevin and Kenny.  “Can you give us a moment, please?”
Tevin reached for Kenny’s arm and started leading him out.  Kenny wasn’t ready to leave Zoe yet, but Tevin dragged him out.
Danny returned with a brown bag, which he handed to Robbie.  With a short nod at Robbie, he too left, closing the door behind him.
Alone, Robbie gave the bag to Zoe, happy when she started breathing into it.  He stood up and hurried to the bar.  Pouring a glass of water, he hurried back to her side.
Her breathing was calmer.  Taking the bag from her, he helped her sit up, and then gave her the glass of water.
She sipped water slowly and then handed it back.  Meeting Robbie’s gaze, she sighed.
“I’m losing my mind,” she said in a small voice.  “I don’t know who to be angry with anymore.  I’m so scared, Robbie.”
Placing the glass on the floor, Robbie knelt and pulled her into his arms.
“It’s going to be alright,” he soothed, pressing a kiss on her cheek.  “We’ll make it alright again.”
“Robbie,” Zoe said into his shoulder.  Breathing in deep, his scent filled her nostrils and she felt tears in the back of her eyes.  It surprised her since she’d thought she’d cried them all out.
God, she thought, bringing her arms around him, she held him tight, how she’d missed him.
“Help me,” she whispered.  “Please, help me.”
Robbie closed his eyes at the plea, and took in air shakily, opening his eyes he said, “Let’s start with a bath.  You’re cold from the sea water.  After that, you’ll eat something, and then we can talk.”
Standing up, he swung her into his arms and headed out of the drawing room.  He carried her upstairs to the rooms Olivia had assigned him.  He took her to the large bathroom in his bedroom and perched her on a footstool.  Caressing her cheek, he left her to prepare a bath in the deep exquisite tub.  Adjusting the water temperature to just how she liked it, he left it filling while he helped her undress.
Pulling her blouse off, she stood up and helped him with her skirt.  He allowed it to fall to her feet.  Reaching for her underwear, he slid the pink delicate material slowly, down to her feet, and then stood up so that he stood close.  She looked up into his face, the memory of their shared heat filling her thoughts.
There were times he’d driven her crazy with his touch alone, running his hands over her body until she begged him to take her.  He smiled at her expression and leaned to kiss her lips, he left no doubt in her mind that he remembered too.
Robbie broke the kiss and hugged her, the feel of her naked body against his enough to tell him that he would always want her.  But right now what she needed from him was comfort.
Pulling back, he pressed a kiss on the top of her head before he lifted her up and took her to the tub.  He immersed her slowly, and she moaned in appreciation, closing her eyes so that she could dunk her head into the water.  She soaked her hair.  The heat seeping into her pores, warming her up.  Coming up, she opened her eyes and grinned at him.
Reaching for the shampoo bottle, Robbie helped wash her hair and rinse it.  Once it was clean, she sat back in the tub and looked at him.
“I was fifteen when it happened,” she said, blurting it out.
“Zoe,” he started to protest.
But she shook her head as he sat on a stool beside the tub.
“I can’t keep it inside any longer.  Just—, please listen to me,” Zoe said. “Please.”
Robbie met her gaze and then because he wanted to expel the dark shadows he saw in there, he nodded.  “Okay.”
Zoe breathed out at this and settled back in the tub.
“My father died when I was eight.  My mother, brother and sister went into a scramble soon after to secure his properties and companies.  It was a confusing time and they didn’t have time for me.  We all had to grow up pretty quickly to help out.”
“My brother accelerated his school, so did my sister, which left me with the nanny most nights.  Since Gabriella was acting C.E.O of Castille at the time.  I didn’t mind it.  It allowed me to spend time with my music.  By the time I was fourteen, I had pretty much created my own life, I had a band, and we used to play at a club in Manhattan after school.  One day, Gabriella came home and found I wasn’t home like I was supposed to be.  It didn’t take her long find out that I had strayed from the mold.  My studies were being neglected in favor of music and that was not the way for a Castille.  So, she decided to move into her sister’s house so that I could be influenced by a family setting.  It felt like the world was over then…”
***
Eight years ago

It was that time, right before spring and at the end of winter.  The weather was always unsure whether to blow cold or warm.  The rain fell cold and sometimes in icy drops that chilled to the bone.  Earlier in the day, the weather had done one of its drastic changes and a cold rain fell gently filling the atmosphere with a piercing chill.
Zoe turned the heater on in the car and added the volume on the music.  The interior of the car was filled with the strains of Claude Debussy’s Symphony in B minor.  It was a piece she was trying ‘to get into’ and understand.  Words that had come from her music instructor when he’d told her she would be playing it for the upcoming recital.
She shuddered to even think about it.  She was a rocker, not a classical junkie.  Thanks to her mother’s brilliant ideas, she was now being trained in classical music.  Shaking her head at the thought, Zoe exited the highway and turned onto the street that would take her to the house she was learning to call home.
It was taking time to adjust.  She missed Manhattan, her friends and the life there.  Shopping had been fun; her wardrobe had consisted of creative designs from her best friend, a redhead named Leila James.  Boy, did she miss Leila.  Talking on the phone was not the same.
She missed the city’s energy and…everything.
Being able to drive would never cover for all that she missed in Manhattan, she thought sullenly.  Her mother had insisted that driving the ridiculous Mercedes would make life bearable, but it wasn’t.  She was still living here in godforsaken Cleveland, Ohio.
It wasn’t better here.  Living with her aunt and uncle was strange.  Aunt Julia did not understand her, Uncle Steve was plain weird and the looks he gave her were unsettling.  Then there were the twins, they were small, cute and rowdy, hardly the people to hang out with.
High school in this place sucked.  The teachers were strict and the students were stuck up.  Who cared what they thought?
Her mother called it being a teenager, Zoe scoffed at that.  She didn’t care what label her mother gave it.  It was a disaster to move this drastically. Driving past a black gate, the only one on the residential street their house was on, she sighed.
Well, there was one good thing, she supposed.
Kenny Williams, a twenty year old, British student enrolled at Case Western College.  She’d met him two weeks after the awful move and her bicycle got a flat tire.  He’d been driving in from somewhere and seen her pushing it down the road.
He made her laugh, he was cute and best of all he didn’t treat her like an idiot.  He really listened to her.  She’d call him as soon as she got home.  She’d bitch about her day to him just because he listened.
Driving into the long winding driveway that led to the house, she carelessly parked before the front steps of the white-washed mansion.  Turning off the engine, she jumped out of the car and went back to the opened trunk.  Grinning at the young man who came rushing down the steps, she jokingly tossed the car keys to him before she leaned in and grabbed her violin case.  Ignoring her book bag, she slammed the trunk closed and waved at the young man who drove the car away to the garage.
Shaking her head, she marveled at the things her aunt and uncle splurged on now that they had Castilles under their roof.  They insisted on house help.  Steve Harden used every bit of their presence in his house to further his own status as a celebrated criminal defense lawyer.  The politics and the money made him a popular figure in the city.  
How convenient, Zoe thought as she went up the steps.
The front door swung open before she reached it and Alberto, the household butler smiled at her.
“How was your day little signorina?” he greeted with a grin.
She smiled.  She didn’t mind Alberto.  He cared and paid attention, for that alone; she leaned up and dropped a light kiss on his cheek.  He reminded her of her grandfather, the one who’d lived in Sicily, her mother’s father.
“So-so,” Zoe replied with a pout, stopping in the foyer.
She allowed Alberto to help her with her coat, revealing a sleeveless black and white top that fit her body and a pair of skinny Levis that disappeared into black fur boots.  She clutched the violin case tighter and watched as Alberto hung her coat.
“I can’t seem to please my math teacher, not that it matters.  I lost my homework somewhere.”
“Your homework,” Alberto said turning to study her.
He was well aware of the struggle Gabriella had with her daughter over academics.  There were too many times when Zoe hid in the kitchen getting the maids to help her with her math homework.
“Yeah, I thought it was in my car, but—
She shrugged.
“I have detention now and a make-up test.  I can’t wait until that teacher calls, Mamma.”
“It will be alright, don’t worry too much,” Alberto soothed.  Although he knew the little signorina would be thoroughly scolded for this.  Of course the effects of the scolding would go unnoticed.  His gaze moved to the violin case she carried.  “Is that it?”
Zoe smiled, her dimples appearing, her frown disappeared.  
“Yes!  Danny sent me money since Mamma is watching my funds.  I’ve been waiting for it.  I can’t wait to get it out.”
Yes, Alberto mused, he’d just bet she couldn’t.  
Music was Zoe’s calling, her passion.  She played it with everything she had.  He especially loved it when she strummed the guitar, playing tunes that reminded him of lazy afternoons in Italy and the women dancing happily.  He wasn’t sure why her mother did not see that her talent was great and wonderful.

Chapter Nineteen

“Am I home alone?” the question was wary.
Alberto watched as she glanced down the quiet hall.
“Yes, your mother and aunt took the twins and went shopping.  There is a note for you in the usual place,” Alberto said.
Of course, she’d forgotten that it was Friday.
“You’ll be leaving then,” Zoe stated.
It was the beginning of his days off that would end on Sunday evening.
“Yes, everyone else is already gone. I wanted to make sure you were home first,” Alberto said.  “I say, call Master Williams to keep you company.  I don’t like to leave you alone.”
Zoe smiled at his concern.  “I will, have a lovely weekend, Alberto.”
“You too, little signorina,” Alberto replied, and then watched as she headed for the study.
No doubt to play her violin.  Shaking his head, he went to the kitchen ready to call it a week.  He would go home, convince his wife to go out with him.  They would have dinner and maybe a bit of romance.  The thought made him chuckle.
In the study, Zoe laid the violin case on a glass table and snapped the clasps open to reveal the exquisite smooth violin.  Smiling in eagerness, she ran a finger along the polished surface, touching one string already imagining the rich sounds it would produce.  There was something distinctly cool about making music with stringed instruments.  They thrilled her, violins, guitars and her personal favorite, cellos.
The itch to play had her reaching in for the violin but she stopped herself.  Thinking it would be better to read that note upstairs and then she’d play the violin and lose herself in it.
Hurrying out of the study, she took the stairs two at a time headed for the drawing room.  It was really a library but someone had dubbed it the drawing room and the name stuck.  She could never figure out the meaning of it.
The relatives were weird, she wished for her brother and sister everyday.  At least they’d made bearing things easier.  Shrugging, she headed for the desk set by the windows in the large room.
Her mother left notes in a basket on it whenever she wasn’t home.  As usual, the note was neatly folded like mail.  Sitting on the desk, a large mahogany affair, Zoe picked the note and read it.
She let out a sigh of relief seconds later when she found no chores.  The evening was hers.  Her aunt and mother wouldn’t return until later.  Uncle Steve was away on business which meant dinner would be whatever she wanted.
Yay, she thought.
Reaching across the desk, she grabbed the phone and dialed Kenny’s number.
“Williams,” he greeted.
“Are you going out today?” Zoe asked.
“I’m studying, twerp.  I’ve got reports to finish,” his distinctively English voice said.
“It’s Friday, how can you let me spend this evening alone,” she whined.  “Feel mercy on me, I’m home alone, you know.”
She’d perfected it to an art with Kenny.
He knew it too and even with that knowledge, he always gave in to it.  She suspected he too got a little lonely, though he would never admit it.  Who was she to point it out?
“I have a new movie you can watch,” Kenny offered.  “My friends from London send it. I’ll bring it over.”
“What is it about?  I hope not the crazy rock stuff you showed me last week.  I’m still recovering,” Zoe said on a sigh.
“No, it’s compelling stuff on those ancient men you’ve taken to these days,” Kenny answered referring to her growing fascination with classical music.
Zoe laughed.  “Come over at five, there’s manicotti in the fridge.”
“You’re right, I can’t resist the food,” Kenny said.
“That’s because all you have in your fridge is old cheese.  That’s not food,” Zoe said, before she hung up with a wide grin on her face.
She got off the desk and stretched.  She had two hours to play her violin.
Allowing her gaze to sweep the room, she paused to study the bookshelves.  Kenny loved reading about business.  Most of the books on the shelves were about business.  It was her mother’s dearest wish that Zoe read those books.
But, Zoe thought with a shudder, that wish was never going to come true.  High school was hard enough.
Harvard and Oxford would be a nightmare for her.  She wasn’t Danny or Jess.  Moving closer to the book shelves, she ran a finger over the books checking the titles Kenny would appreciate.
“Advanced Accounting, Business law and Ethics, Macro Economics,” She read solemnly.  It all looked so serious; her finger paused on a title that amused her, “Business Tactics for Idiots.”
Pulling the book out, she smiled wondering what Kenny would say about the title.  Opening the book cover, a paper fell out and she watched it flutter down and under the shelf.  Shaking her head, she got down on her knees and reached under the shelf to get it.  Instead of paper, her searching fingers jammed on something hard and she yelped.  Bending under the shelf, she looked under to see a small object mounted on the wood under the shelf.  It looked like a button.  Pushing it, wondering what it was about, she restrained a gasp when a section of the bookcase swung into the wall to reveal a dark entryway.

*****

“Is everything settled now with Castille Textile?” Julia Harden asked her older sister.  
They were strolling through the Beachwood mall carrying shopping bags, each of them holding on to a little hand.  The twins were sufficiently awed by the many people and activities they were quite docile.
Gabriella, looking fabulous in a pair of blue slacks and a matching dress shirt that fitted her, let out a sigh and answered.
“Sufficiently settled for now, Danny will take over much of the running the moment he graduates.  Meanwhile, all the issues bothering the board of directors on Alexis’s pending projects are solved.  Thad is helping when he can.  All I need to worry about is the day-to-day running of the company and little Zoe.  I can finally spend time with her now.”
“Zoella should not worry you,” Julia said to that, “she’s adapting well here.”
“I’d like to believe that, Julia,” Gabriella said.  “She blames me for the neglect since Alexis died.  She’s unhappy, and we’re always clashing on her studies.”
“We’ll figure it out.”  Julia soothed thinking of the wild child and her knack for music.
Perhaps the problem was that Gabriella was pushing Zoe in the wrong direction.  Shrugging, she turned her thoughts to her husband and his business trip due to end on Monday.  “I’m worried about Steve.”
“Why?” Gabriella asked wondering why her sister would be worrying about her husband. 
He was doing so well in the firm he was working with.  He was now senior partner; he deserved the status that came with the position.  But—
“He is working too much, Gabby.  The trips are getting too many, he barely spends time with the twins anymore,” Julia said, voicing her worries, firmly refusing to add her fear that her husband was no longer interested in her.
She’d never admit that to Gabby.  Her older sister had enjoyed such a beautiful marriage with Alexis Castille.  
Sighing Julia said, “I don’t know, maybe I’m just paranoid.”
“No, its okay to worry,” Gabriella counseled, “have you talked to him about it?”
“Yes,” Julia said.  “He promised to take time off soon.  We can go on a vacation.”
“See,” Gabriella smiled, “he’s probably feeling the same.  Steve’s a good guy, Julia, and he cares about you and the twins very much.  Don’t worry.”

******

How strangely cool, Zoe thought standing at the entrance to the abyss of darkness.
It seemed like a corridor that led somewhere, who would have thought a house in suburbia would have a secret passage.  Was it even old enough to have them or had someone commissioned it for fun?  Did the parentals know?
Curious beyond belief, she decided to go investigating.  Who knew may be she’d discover proof of secret mistresses and loves shared.  She’d share the gossip with Kenny.  Spice up an already boring life.  All she needed was not to get caught in the act.
The corridor wasn’t as long as she’d imagined.  In a few minutes, she was standing at what she assumed was an opening to a room.  But it was dark so she could barely see anything.
Feeling the wall for a light switch, she was grateful when she found one and turned it on.  A bulb came on to reveal a cube-like room fitted with a computer on a desk in the middle of the room.  It looked like a surveillance room, there was so much equipment.
On the wall to her right, there was a shelf of neat rows of compact discs each marked with a date.  She assumed its user was conducting research.  How boring, no love letters or hidden secrets, she thought regretfully.  Walking slowly around the desk, she touched the surface of the flat screen monitor and it came to life.
The image on the screen made her frown.  It was one of her living area, funny how the couches resembled the ones in her room.  Staring at it, the picture changed and her eyes widened.  It was her suite of rooms!  Her bedroom, her bathroom, was this a prank?  Who the hell was doing surveillance on her and for what reason?  Thinking that may be she might find other rooms in the system, she reached for the mouse and navigated through the program.
There was no other room in there, just videos and videos of her room.  Clicking on one, she stared in horror as her image filled the screen.  She was getting ready for her bath.  She’d stripped naked and Zoe held back a gasp of horror at what this meant.
Her privacy, so terribly invaded, she thought in anger.
Stopping the video, not wanting to see more, she clamped a hand on her mouth.  Panic seized her and it was so acute she started to shake.  These things were never good in the movies.  Perverts did this kind of thing and the victims always ended up dead.  Wasn’t that why there were shows like C.S.I?  God!
Turning to the shelf, she realized the CDs were labeled.  Pulling one out, she stared at her name on it.
Sweet Maria, she gasped, returning the disk back.
She turned to leave.  She needed to get out of here.  The owner of this couldn’t know she’d been here.  Simply couldn’t. When her mother came home, she’d know what to do.  She always did.  Her mother was cool like that.
The sound of the door swinging open froze her in her tracks.
Dio!  Someone!
She couldn’t be found here by the owner of this madness.  Glancing around the room, she spotted a mess of boxes and cords at the corner and hurried for them.  She was small enough to hide there.  Curling into a ball, she closed her eyes and started to count when she heard soft footsteps.  Her heart was beating loudly, but she was determined to remain hidden until this person left, until Mamma came home.
When the steps stopped, she opened her eyes and cursed silently.  She’d forgotten the light.  The light was still on.  Holding her breath, she hoped that the person would assume it had been forgotten on.  Her legs cramped and she bit her lip trying to remain still.  She simply couldn’t move.
Why? Why was she so curious about everything?  She could swear he could hear her heartbeat.  It was pounding so loud.
The footsteps moved into the room and she started praying, promising God never to be curious after this.  If he just—
“There you are, thought there might be a visitor in here,” her Uncle Steve purred over her head as he grabbed her pony tail and brought her to her feet.
Fear won over her shock that her uncle was the culprit.  He’d always made her feel a bit nervous.  She could barely stop the short scream she gave as he pushed her into the computer chair.
“How did you find yourself in here?”
“I’m so sorry, Uncle Steve,” she managed gripping the chair arms, her voice shaky as she tried to push away from the face that was closing in on hers.  He was a big guy and so strong.  How was she to fight him off, she thought in a panic.
“I won’t tell anyone.  I promise,” she said thinking to talk out of this.
“I’ve been so very careful to keep this from anyone,” Steve Harden said breathing in her scent, taking in her huge frightened eyes.  She was so beautiful and innocent.  Bringing a hand up, he ran a finger down her cheek, “so young.”
Zoe shivered in disgust, wanting to scream, but he was standing over her.  She needed to get away; she didn’t like the look in his eyes.  It frightened her.
“Please, Uncle Steve,” she pleaded.  “Let me go.  I’ll forget about—
“No, you won’t,” he said quietly.  “You’ll tell your mother.  Then Gabriella will lose it and get me in trouble.  I can’t have that.”
Think Zoe, she thought, fight through the fear.
He was breathing hard and his eyes were now red-rimmed.  Afraid of whatever he was thinking, she tried to get away from him. Moving to dash away, but he pushed her back into the chair and tried to kiss her.  His lips moving closer to hers, nausea rose and she knew she’d rather die than let it happen.
Using her knee, she brought it up hard and hit him between his legs.  It had always worked with muggers in New York.  Like magic, he grunted and she didn’t pause to see what was happening.  She took off at a run and headed for the dark corridor.  When she reached the end, she felt the panic she was holding at bay rise at the realization that the door was closed.
How did it open?
She wanted to scream as her hands frantically moved over the wall.  Kneeling on the ground, she saw a shadow fall in the corridor and she whimpered.  Her fingers searching as he came closer.  Biting back a sob, her fingers finally found a button just like the one on the shelf.
Pushing it, the door swung open just as he got to her.  She scrambled to her feet and took off at a run into the drawing room.  Intent on getting to safety, she ran into the hallway and headed for the stairs.  Just as she reached them, he caught up with her, grabbing her ponytail hard making her scream but she didn’t stop, couldn’t stop.
He let go of her hair when she kept struggling and lost her footing.  She tumbled down the stairs in a very hard fall.  Her body crashed against the steps as she went down to the foot of the staircase.  It felt like every bone in her body was broken.
Letting out a cry, she remained still for a moment, her body absorbing the pain in her ribcage, her hips, and her arm, still he kept coming.
She had to keep moving.  She knew that.
Tears stung her eyes as she got up and stumbled in the direction of the foyer.  There was a phone there; maybe she could call for help.
But her speed was not fast enough, he was gaining.  Changing direction, she headed for the living room and the phone there.  She’d just picked the handset by the door when he caught her.  He hit the phone out of her hand and sent it flying to the ground where it slid under the couch.  Turning away to run, she screamed when he grabbed her shirt and threw her to the couch.  Pressing her to it, he growled,
“No use fighting, it’s going to happen.”
“No.” Zoe sobbed when he reached to pull her shirt up, fighting against his rough hands, using her legs to kick at him; she let out a gasp when he slapped her across the face.
“Stop fighting,” he ordered pressing his knee into her stomach.
God, no, this was not going to happen to her.  She was not going to be a statistic.  She fought harder and managed to scramble off the couch but he hit her back hard dropping her onto a glass table that gave in and then she was lying on broken glass.
“Look what you’re making me do,” he said as he leaned over her.
Her lip was swollen and her face bruised from his blows.  Her shirt was torn and she could feel glass cutting into her back.  She couldn’t move, Zoe thought in anguish, she needed to in order to get away, swallowing hard.
“Let me go, someone will be coming soon.  Kenny will come looking for me.”
“Kenny,” he said in disgust, “that bastard probably has you doing things to him I’ve dreamed of.”
“You’re sick, Uncle Steve,” Zoe said, trying to turn over, despite the glass, “you need help.”
“Don’t tell me what I need, you’re mine.  You belong to me and no one else,” he said angrily.
He was beyond control, Zoe thought in fear as he grabbed her jeans.  They fought, she struggled harder, but he won each time.
She screamed and called out for help, as he robbed her off her innocence so very violently.  She didn’t think she’d ever stop hurting.  She hit at him, she kicked, but he was stronger, and her strength was waning.  So, she begged him to stop.  But he didn’t stop.  Her pleas earned her blows and slaps until she went silent.
The pain numbed her mind; the degradation of it all brought silent tears to her eyes.  He stood over her a moment when he was done but she couldn’t move at all.  He placed a phone beside her, but who could she call now.  She’d called and screamed, still no one came.  Who’d come now, she wondered.  He left and she thought about her violin, sitting in the study.  She should have played it, she thought, and then sank into the beckoning darkness.

******

Two weeks later, Zoe lay staring out the hospital window, holding herself very still to keep the pain to a minimum.  Her mind was carefully blank.  Thinking was too hard and she could barely stand any of the thoughts that ran in her mind.  When the door opened, she closed her eyes and stayed still, her fingers clutching the call button.
“Zoe,” a soft husky voice greeted, “its Kenny.  I brought you flowers.  They are gardenias, you love them, right?”
Kenny.
She was safe, she thought.  He was a friend.  She remained still but her eyes opened to see what he was doing.  He was arranging flowers in a vase by the window.
“I came across a certain piece of music.  Someone told me that it’s very hard to master.  I just knew that would challenge you.  So, I just put a request in with your doctor to allow you music.  I know you’ll like that.”
She didn’t know what to say.  She just knew that his voice was familiar and it made her feel safe.  Not like everyone else.  They talked to her like she was a broken thing, something to be pitied.  Apart from the doctor lady with green eyes, Kenny was the only other person she could trust.
Kenny came to sit down beside her and smiled, “It’s called the devil’s trill.  I heard that and I thought you might appreciate the title.”
Zoe felt a tear slide down her cheek.  Kenny reached over and even though she flinched, he wiped the tears away and said, “It’s great to see you awake.”
She didn’t answer.  She didn’t know the difference of time, or how long she’d lain in this bed.  It didn’t seem to matter.  Nothing seemed to matter.  Kenny kept talking, she tried to keep up with what he was saying, but her mind kept wandering away into a blank state. 
The door opened again and she closed her eyes fast.
Kenny noted the action as he glanced up to greet Gabriella, Julia and Steve.  It was the first time he’d seen any of them in the past two weeks.  The inquest into Zoe’s case was currently going on and they were all quite involved in the investigation.
“Grazie, Kenny,” Gabriella said coming to hug him, “for sitting with her.  How’s my bambina today?”
“Very well,” Kenny answered.
Zoe was clutching the sheets tightly, her bruised fingers trembling slightly.
Gabriella turned to brush Zoe’s hair away from her face, but she flinched automatically and Gabriella stopped.  A wince appeared on Gabriella’s face and Kenny wished she’d just gone ahead and touched Zoe.  But, she pulled back and said, “You look much better today, Zoe.  I can’t wait to get you home.  Everyone is worried about you.”
“Yes, we can’t wait to get you home,” Steve said and Zoe’s trembling increased.
When Gabriella moved to soothe her, she moaned and started pressing on the call button. Tears sliding down into her hair, she moaned in protest as Gabriella said,
“Hush Zoe, you’re perfectly safe sweetie, there is nothing to be afraid of.”
The nurses came in, and Zoe said her voice hoarse from disuse, Gabriella could barely recognize it.  “Please, take him away from me, please, help me!  Please, help me!”
“Zoe,” Gabriella said in shock, while Julia placed a hand over her mouth in despair.  Kenny kept his gaze firmly on Zoe and a thought came to him.
“Leave us,” he said to Gabriella.  “She was fine before.”
“Why,” Gabriella asked worried.  “She’s upset, how can I leave her like this?”
The nurses were gently holding Zoe to the bed so that she wouldn’t hurt herself.
“Go on, Mrs. Castille,” Kenny urged moving fast ushering them all out.
He closed the door, and Zoe gasped breathing hard.
“Alright Zoe, alright, there is no one here but the nurses and me.  Do you want me to leave too?”
Zoe shook her head and reached for him.  She had to talk.  She had to tell someone.  The words hadn’t been able to come since she’d woken up, but fear lived inside her. 
“H-he’s the one,” her voice were shaky; “h-he hurt me. I begged him not to, and still-, still—
She shook her head and the nurses understanding her, ran out to call the detectives in charge, while Kenny hugged her.

****
Present...
Zoe kept her gaze on the bath water and the disappearing soap suds.  Her fingers were starting to wrinkle, the water was lukewarm.  Robbie sat on a stool beside the tub; she didn’t want to look into his eyes to read his reaction to her past.
She had never told anyone her story before.  She had never told anyone what it had been like.  Kenny had been there, and Sylvia as well, talking had never been necessary.
“The case was clear, but my family’s high profile made it a circus,” she said, “no one was inclined to believe Steve Harden, the outstanding criminal lawyer, could be a monster.”
Shaking her head, she let out a sigh.  “Kenny became my life.  He literally forced me to live.  He made me eat, he made me walk.  He made me breathe…I just wanted to die.  Uncle Thad came during the trial, and brought me here to the island soon after.  That’s when we met Athena.  I was a mess.”
Robbie swallowed hard and asked, “Why did Thad bring you here?”
Turning her wrists, she stared at the white scars that refused to fade away.  “At first, no one believed me about Steve.  Aunt Julia and Gabriella were sure it was someone else who’d broken in.  For a day, it became hell on earth that I would dare accuse the great Steve Harden of such a thing.  But then, the police found evidence, and Julia became very angry.  Dr. Sylvia thought it would be best if I didn’t stay close to them for a while.  That was how the rift between my mother and I began.  I couldn’t forgive her for not believing me.”
Robbie took in a deep breath trying to get a hold of his emotions.  He’d never realized just how murderous he could get; he wanted nothing more than to get his hands on all those people who’d caused this despair in Zoe.
“The scars?” he asked.
“I lived an isolated life here in Aledeus.  So isolated, Athena and Thad worried I’d never get back to society.  Three years after…the incident, Athena decided I should try living away from the Island.  They took me to Paris.  Kenny had just started building a hotel there, and it seemed right.  I enrolled in a music school, and for a while things were starting to be okay.  Uncle Thad hired Franco Antonio to be my bodyguard; he never wanted me to be alone.  Anyway, Danny used to visit me there, and for a while I started to feel like I could be fine.  I did my music, I liked performing.  Then some reporter did a story, and mother decided the Castille name was too good for the entertainment news.  She sent Jessica to tell me to choose between my music and the Castille name.  If I chose music, I would have to let go of my last name.  I couldn’t let the music go, it was the only thing that made sense at the time. So, I became Zoella Mya.  The name change made me depressed.  I lost it because I couldn’t seem to please Gabriella, and suddenly not being a Castille meant so much.  One moment I was panicking, the next second, Franco was rushing me to the nearest hospital.  I can’t quite tell you what happened.”
“Why did you do it?” Robbie asked, looking at her bent head.  “I need to know that it can’t happen again, Zoe.  Please tell me.”
“It won’t,” Zoe said looking up to meet his stormy gaze.  “I promised myself that I never want to see the expressions I saw on Kenny, Thad and Athena’s faces again.  All their hard work had been drained in one minute…I know it won’t happen again.”
“Tell me why,” Robbie insisted, needing to know.
“Because I didn’t belong anymore,” Zoe said quietly, looking away, she sighed, “my last name was where I belonged.  My father’s name was the one thing I could be proud of, I had nothing else left.”
Robbie stood up, and leaned down to help her up.  She stared at him in surprise, as he wrapped her in a large terrycloth towel.  He picked her up and stood her before him.  Hugging her hard, he said with quiet anger.
“Zoe, you belong with me, I know why you left me now.”
“Robbie—
“I don’t care what happens, you can have my name, and I won’t care what happens.  In my heart, you are Zoella Mya McClaire.  Through the worst, it won’t change, and I won’t want you to drop it.”
Zoe gasped and stared at his dark t-shirt as he held her tight.  His heart was beating loudly in his chest and she realized he meant every word.
“Robbie,” she sighed, her hands going around his waist to hold him too.  “I was trying to protect you.  I don’t want you to go through the kind of pain my family has gone through because of me.”
“I love you,” Robbie stated into her ear.  “I protect you as much as you protect me, and leaving me to protect me is not helping me.  You killed me, Zoe.  You leaving me, killed me, and I don’t think I can handle it if you dare do it again.  So, please don’t even think about being apart from me.”
“S’agapo,” Zoe whispered, love in her voice.  “I love you too.”
“You’re my family, you can’t abandon me,” Robbie urged. “Promise me.”
Robbie closed her eyes and held him tight.
“I promise.  You’re my life, I won’t leave you, but you have to know this won’t be easy,” Zoe said into his chest.  “I’ve screwed things up too much.”
“We’ll fix it,” Robbie said decisively.  Rubbing the towel against her skin, he sighed, “we need to get you dressed before you catch a cold.”
“You came even though I did all that to you,” Zoe said.  “Why?”
Robbie pulled back to look into her beloved face.  “You can be such an idiot sometimes; do I have to spell it out for you again?”
Zoe smiled and leaned up, pressing a kiss on his chin, she shook her head no.  She already knew the answer, and it took her breath away.  Not that it solved everything, but Robbie being here was more than enough, she realized.  Her heart was not fluttering in fear anymore; she was stronger, in spirit and in her heart.  She could face this head on, why was it so easy when he was around?

Chapter Twenty

Playing with her plate of vegetables, Zoe looked up and found Robbie studying her intently.  She blushed at the intensity of his green gaze. She was hardly mesmerizing, she thought, which was what that gaze of his suggested.  Dressed in a t-shirt and boxer shorts she’d borrowed from him, her feet in thick socks also from his closet, she didn’t think that she could inspire that kind of look.
“You’re blushing,” Robbie teased when he noted her high color.
“I don’t blush,” Zoe said looking down at her plate again.
He chuckled at that.
They were in the living room, seated on the floor with the coffee table between them.  Livia had brought her the food, but she wasn’t hungry.  Robbie insisted she eat though.  Forcing herself to take a small bite, she chewed on the vegetables slowly. 
“You’re not going to ask me?” Robbie asked, leaning back against the couch behind him, his gaze moving over her freshly scrubbed face, and her bright eyes.
She looked better than before, she seemed light-hearted now.  Her hair was still damp and fell around her in rich dark curls.  At his question, she looked at him, with a small frown. Her lips pouted, he wanted to kiss her then.
“Ask you what?” Zoe put her fork down; she too leaned back on the armchair behind her and met his gaze.
“About her,” Robbie stated.  
There was no need to ask who ‘her’ was.  Zoe could clearly remember the glossy picture she’d seen in a magazine a couple months ago.  Shaking her head, she looked down at the rich Tibetan carpet under her.
“It’s not my business.”
“That hurts,” Robbie said.
“We were separated.” 
“We are together now.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
“But it does,” Robbie countered.  “You’re thinking about it, and wondering, so ask me, Pixie.”
“Did you call her that?” Zoe demanded, her eyes flashing at him, he couldn’t help smiling.
“That’s your name.” Robbie shifted forward, leaning his elbows on the coffee table.  “She’s not you, and as far as am concerned, she doesn’t exist.”
“You slept with her,” Zoe spat out, shaking her head.
“I won’t deny it,” Robbie said.  “But never again, I told you once, I belong with you, I was just trying to cope with not having you with me anymore.  It was hell.  I couldn’t do it.”
“She was with you your entire British tour,” Zoe said with a sigh, “don’t—
“It happened three times,” Robbie said then, “and only because I was drunk.  Otherwise, it never went beyond kissing.  I couldn’t touch her without thinking of you.”
Zoe pushed her plate away and sighed.  “I can’t hold this against you.”
“I don’t want you to,” Robbie said, “but it has to be said, because I love you and I need you to know that I was trying to hurt you back.”
“You succeeded,” Zoe admitted.  “I couldn’t breathe from seeing that picture.”
“I’m sorry,” Robbie apologized. 
Zoe met his green gaze, wondering how they were ever going to get through this.  She had caused the pain she was seeing in his eyes now.  She was the reason for this mess.
“We can’t apologize for the rest of our lives,” Zoe said. 
“I agree.”
Zoe nodded and reached for the glass of water Robbie had placed beside the plate.  Sipping it slowly, she took in a deep breath and looked away from Robbie.
“How bad is it with the band?”
“Tevin is here,” Robbie said.
“Mick and Ron won’t forgive me easily.”
She knew that hurting Robbie had hurt them. 
“But they will,” Robbie said with certainty.
She was part of Haden, they loved her too.
“Gloria won’t see reason,” Zoe shrugged, “not that I care, we’ve never really got along.”
“Kelly is not a fan of mine,” Robbie said with a smile, “that hasn’t stopped us.”
“Steve Harden will get out of jail,” Zoe said bluntly.  “He will drag us both in to his media agendas.”
“I don’t care.” His tone was confident; he didn’t want her to doubt that.  “He can’t touch you, not when am here.”
Zoe placed the glass down and leaned forward on the coffee table, bringing their faces close to each other, she smiled.
“It’s really hard to forget you.  I couldn’t even bear the thought.”
“I’m glad.” Reaching out, he caressed her cheek, her soft skin felt like silk to him.  He couldn’t believe that she’d been so far away from him for so long.  “I want to make love to you, but—
“But what,” Zoe asked.
Her breath hitched at the way he was looking at her.
“I have one more question.”
Robbie leaned in and kissed her gently, his lips touching hers so softly; it felt like a feather was passing over them.  Pulling back, he looked at her lowered eyes.
“Does being with me make you…I know that what happened to you was horrible…and the memories of it…”
Zoe’s eyes widened as she caught on.
“No.  Robbie, never in all the times we’ve made love have those memories come back.  You don’t ever have to worry about that.  For some reason, you stop my nightmares also.”
“Nightmares,” Robbie’s eyes widened, “have you been having them?”
“Yes,” Zoe sighed, touching his jaw, she continued, “but never when am with you.”
“Really,” Robbie said, with a smile.  “Come here then.”
She grinned and leaned in for another kiss.  This time when he kissed her, it was deep, hot and very sensual. He wanted her, and he let her know it as he explored her mouth thoroughly. Pulling back slowly, they were both breathing fast, Robbie said against her cheek,
“I’ve missed you, so much.”
“I missed you too.”
Robbie pressed a kiss on her earlobe and took her hand.  Standing up, he pulled her up and led her around the coffee table.  Pulling her into his arms, he kissed her hungrily, his hands moving over her possessively.  She was his; no one would ever take that away from him, not even Steve Harden.
Zoe clung to his shoulders, drowning in their heat. He was everything, she thought, desperately.  He was her shelter, her life.  He was here, and he wasn’t leaving because of her past.  He was accepting it, she wasn’t sure why she deserved it, but who was she to question this gift.  She hadn’t lost him after all.  A moan escaped at that, and she wrapped her arms around his neck, in happiness.  Robbie, picked her up, and went to the bedroom.
Standing her at the foot of the king size bed, he helped her take off the t-shirt, and the shorts, she pulled up his black shirt and grinned when it wouldn’t come off at the neck because of haste.  Once it was off, he moved them back until her knees were against the bed, then they were falling back on it.
Robbie trailed kisses down her neck, to her chest, his mouth moving quickly to her breasts, making her gasp as sensation swamped her.  Taking a nipple between his lips, he licked it, and her fingers found his hair.  His teasing making her arch up so that he could give her more.  He suckled her breast, his hand finding the other, kneading it gently, inducing a riot of sensations, she felt as though he was lighting her on fire.  Robbie continued his gentle assault on her breasts, until she was begging him to do something about the heat he was fanning to life.
Smiling at her demands, he kept his hands at her breasts, as he trailed kisses down her stomach, to the triangle between her legs.  She immediately spread them to accommodate him there, and he pressed a kiss to her inner core, making her arch again.  Gripping her breasts firmly, he drove her mad when he suckled her clitoris.  She came almost at once, but he didn’t stop, bringing her to the brink over and over, until she was screaming in ecstasy.  Her fingers clinging to the covers because it felt like she was coming apart.  
Moving over her, Robbie kissed her, sharing her taste as he pulled off his trousers.  Zoe helped, and when he was free, she led him to her.  Her gaze holding his as he entered her, she let out a quiet gasp, at the tight fit.  It had been a while, and he smiled at that.  Kissing her gently, he wrapped her in his arms as he started to move.  Slowly at first, so that she could get used to him, then he increased the pace, and soon they were both moving fast as the hot tide rose unrelenting.  Weaving their fingers together, Robbie leaned up to look at her so that he could see as she came apart again.
“I love you,” he whispered into her ear right at that moment.
She clung to him, tears sliding down the side of her eyes at how much he made her feel.  It was too much; she felt all his love in his possession.  He moved faster and she held on to him, needing it, wanting it and sighing in relief when he gave it.  She came again and this time he followed, crying out in ecstasy.  He collapsed on top of her, pressing a kiss to her shoulder as the world faded away and it was just both of them.
Hours later, Zoe opened her eyes to find Robbie watching her in the dimmed light.  They lay facing each other, Robbie had his head propped up on his hand, while he trailed a finger over her right shoulder.  His eyes hooded under dark lashes.  She moved closer to him, and his gaze moved to her face.
“Can’t sleep?” she asked.
“I’m just making sure this is not a dream.” 
“I don’t want to wake up if it is.” Zoe moved closer to him, so that she was pressed up against him. Her right arm came up to touch his chest. “I need you, so much, please don’t leave me.”
“I’m here.” Robbie held her closer to him, and buried his face in her hair, sliding his arms around her. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Zoe nodded, and allowed herself to slip back into sleep.

****

“Say, erythro krasi,” Olivia said two days later, on a sunny afternoon.
She was in the courtyard with Robbie and Zoe enjoying a lazy afternoon by the pool.
“What is that?”  Robbie asked.
She had been trying to teach him Greek ever since she’d discovered that the only Greek he knew was curse words.
“Wine, and if you want any, call it, erythro krasi.”
She wasn’t kidding either; she moved the bottle of wine away from him and smiled.
Zoe chuckled drawing his gaze.  She was seated on a lounge chair, sunglasses sitting on her nose.  Moving them up to her hair, Zoe said, “She’s not joking.”
Robbie turned in his chair to study her.  Zoe was gorgeous in a red bikini swimsuit, her hair falling down her back, her skin glowed a healthy gold.  She was beautiful. 
“Come and help me.”
“No, she teaches you only curse words.”  Olivia shook her head in disapproval.  “You’re very naughty Mya.”
“What?” Zoe winked at Robbie as she put her sunglasses back on.  “It’s not my fault he copies what I say.”
“Erythro krasi,” Robbie said.
Olivia smiled and handed him a glass for his wine.
His gaze never leaving Zoe, he asked, “Are you going to get me that ice you promised?”
“Oh yeah,” Zoe sighed and got up; she came over to him and pressed a kiss on his clean shaven jaw.  “Learn Greek.”
He chuckled and watched as she left the pool area using terrace doors that would lead her into the house.  Once they were alone, he turned his attention back to Olivia.
“What do you want to ask me?” Livia leaned forward to pour him wine.  “She is not going to return to the mainland easily if that’s what you want.”
“No, I didn’t think so, but I do want her to marry me.  What is it going to take to get her to say yes again?”
“Answer my question first,” Olivia said, “Why Zoe?”
Robbie stared at her for a moment, leaning on the table, he said, “She’s mine.”
“You’re possessive,” Olivia said.  “But she’s not an item.  I will not give her to you if that is what she is to you.” 
“I love her, she’s my family.  Is that good enough?”
“Her mother loves her,” Olivia said.  “I don’t see how that makes a difference to her.  The woman has only caused her pain.”
Robbie narrowed his eyes at the stubborn older woman.
“You’re a tough one.  Fine, the first person I call when shit hits the fan is Zoe.  When I have good news in my life, I want to share it with her.  After a long grueling tour the only person I want to spend my time with is her. I can’t stand the clutter she sometimes can make of our house, but I miss it when it’s not there.”
“She drives me nuts when she’s bored, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.  She inspires me with my music, and I love it when she goes all night composing because of something I said or did.  I spent five months trying to forget her,” he sighed, “trying to figure out how I can live without her and it felt like I was suffocating.  I never realized my capability for violence until she told me what Harden did to her two days ago.  How am I doing so far?”
Olivia sighed.  “Just ask her again, she won’t refuse.”
“Are you sure?” Robbie asked.
“She was protecting you.  Now there is no need for it, because you’re here.  Ask her again.  Besides, she’s still hauling that rock you gave her on her right hand.  What makes you think two more on her left will stop her?”
Robbie stared at her for a moment, and then laughed when she took his right hand and pointed to the ring on his middle finger.  A masculine version of Zoe’s, it was a pure platinum band with their initials jewel-engraved.  It was elegant and utterly masculine.  He could still remember the day Zoe had slipped it on him two years ago in Paris.
“Now, here is a new one for you, my son, pandrépsou me,” Olivia said with a smile.
“Pandrépsou me, what does it mean?”
“Say it to Mya, when she comes back out,” Olivia said.
Zoe walked back out then, holding a jug of orange juice in one hand and ice cubes in a cup in the other.
Robbie looked up and said “Pandrépsou me”
She stopped in her tracks and stared at him.
Her gaze moved to Olivia and she asked, “What is the matter with you?”
“He is serious, darling.  Answer him already; he does want to marry you so much,” Olivia said.
Robbie met Olivia’s gaze in surprise, before he turned to Zoe and said again, “Pandrépsou me.”
Zoe walked over to where they sat placing the juice and ice on the table; she settled on Robbie’s lap and wound her arms around his neck.  Looking into his green eyes, loving him like she’d never loved another.
“I already said yes once before.”
“I know, but you left me at the altar.  This time, you must promise me not to do that.”
The pain she’d caused shone in his eyes.
Zoe let out a short breath and hugged him.
“I promise, and yes, I will marry you.  Should I answer it in Greek, now that you’re learning it?”
“Of course,” Robbie said, eyes wide, he winked at Olivia over Zoe’s shoulder.
“Nai,” Zoe said. “Yes.”

***

That evening, Zoe was busy helping Olivia set the table for dinner when Tevin walked in to the dining room.  She glanced up to greet him and paused when he didn’t answer her.  Instead, he leaned on the wall, watching her.
“What?”
“I don’t know what you think he is, but if you hurt him again, I won’t forgive you.”
Zoe placed the plates down, and gave him her full attention. She’d been expecting this; after all, Tevin was a brother to Robbie.
“I won’t hurt him, not that way.”
“Of course, that’s what you promised him the last time.  But you weren’t there when we had to pick up the mess.” Tevin shook his head, and looked away from her. “You destroyed him.  He won’t survive it again, Zoe.”
“I don’t know what to say to convince you that I’m not going to do it again.” Zoe ran a finger along the table and shook her head. “Time will have to prove me right.”
“What happens now?” Tevin asked. “Do you leave for London with us in two weeks?”
Zoe stared at him for a moment, before she looked away.  London and her life there seemed like a dream away.  The island had that effect on her.  She could forget it all living here.
“That’s what I thought,” Tevin said.  “Here, listen to this later.”
Pushing off the wall, Tevin moved around the table to where she was and handed her an ipod, pressing a kiss on her forehead, he squeezed her shoulder and left.
Alone, Zoe put on the earphones and turned on the small gadget.  Sitting down on one of the dining chairs, she listened as the electric lead guitar led into the beginning of a song.  The husky voice that came in after the introduction thrilled and surprised her as she recognized Robbie’s voice.  He was so good.
The words to the song shocked her as she realized she was listening to a eulogy of their love.  Grief filled Robbie’s voice; the dirge depressed her and drove her to a place she’d never imagined.
Olivia walked in and found Zoe sitting in a state of shock.
“What’s the matter?” Olivia asked.
“I—
Zoe broke off and turned off the music.  She couldn’t listen to it anymore.  It hurt.
“I have to do something.”
“Zoe,” Olivia said with a frown.
“I will be back soon.  Please don’t panic everyone, I need to do something really important,” Zoe said.

****

Zoe arrived at Villa Thermopolis after eight in the evening.  Dressed in a warm sweater and Levis she stood before her uncle and aunt in their drawing room.  Athena had hugged her so hard; she’d realized just how difficult it had been for her aunt. 
Her pain had seemed so important; Zoe thought sadly, she hadn’t realized it was affecting others so much.
“I am so sorry for the trouble I’ve caused you.  I came here to make that apology and to ask you for one thing.”
“What is it?” Thaddeus asked, studying his niece in surprise.
She was whole again; he could see it in her.  The uncertainty that had been plaguing her these past months was gone.  Zoe looked like a confident woman: one who knew what she wanted.  He had to give McClaire credit.
“I would like to invite you to my wedding at the island.”  Zoe looked up when she heard Athena gasp in surprise.  “I know it is already something you’ve heard, but I promise this time it will happen—
“Stop,” Athena stood up with a glare.  “You’re not playing with Robbie again, are you?”
“No.”  Zoe shook her head.  “I’m doing this for him and for me.  Please don’t say no, I want you to be at my wedding so much.”
“What about Steve Harden?” Thaddeus asked.  “If you marry McClaire, it means you return to your life.  That leaves you wide open for trouble.”
“I only know I want to marry Robbie, Uncle.  He matters to me,” she said, her gaze steady when she met Thaddeus’s hard one. “The rest, we’ll deal with as it comes.”
“Can you go there?” Athena asked her hands at her waist.  Her thoughts centered on little Sarah, who didn’t need to face that monster of a father.  She’d come to love those two children.
Zoe shook her head. “One thing at a time, Auntie, I’m not sure what to do about that hearing.”
“Alright,” Athena let out a sigh, “when is the wedding?”
“On Saturday,” Zoe said.
“That doesn’t leave time to plan.” Athena shook her head.  “There is the cake, the dress, the guests—
“Something small, Aunt Athena, we would like a small ceremony, just family and Robbie’s band mates.” Zoe pushed her hair back.  “I don’t want to delay anymore.  I’ve let fear dictate my life and I’ve lost so much and hurt those I love.  Please, don’t refuse.”
“Hush,” Thaddeus said standing up to give Zoe a hug.  “You have our support.”
He was glad Zoe was finally showing sense and a strong backbone.
“Thank you.” Zoe grinned wide.
Athena let out a sigh and moved to take Zoe’s hands in hers.  Squeezing them gently, she led her to the drawing room door.
“Listen, I think you should talk to your mother.  She’d love to be involved in this.”
Zoe shook her head, but Athena gave her no chance to refuse.  They were headed to the living room where Julia, Jessica, and Gabriella sat.  
“Auntie, have you parched up with Gabby?” Zoe asked.  “Is that why you’re doing this?”
“She’s your mother,” Athena said gently.  “Call her Mamma.”
Zoe was about to scoff at that remark, when they were suddenly standing in the living room, with everyone’s attention on them.
“Zoe’s having her wedding on Saturday at the island,” Athena announced.  “We’re all going to help plan it.” 
The announcement had Jessica standing up fast and coming to hug Zoe, which surprised Zoe so much she couldn’t speak.  Gabriella and Julia followed.  Zoe wasn’t given a chance to protest.  The women started making plans without her input.
“I think I should return to the island,” Zoe said at one point.
A general protest had her sitting back down on the couch, while Alain brought in coffee and snacks.  Jessica sat beside Zoe on the couch and when the older women got engrossed talking about the dress that would have to be flown in from the designer in London.
Jessica turned to Zoe.
“I’m happy for you;” Jessica said.  “You and Robbie are good for each other.”
“There was a time you didn’t think so and you let me know it,” Zoe said.
“I’m sorry for not being the sister you needed, Zoe.”  Jessica took her hand in hers and squeezed it.  “I don’t want to continue to be that person to you, please let me try again with you.”
Zoe stared at her sister and wondered whether she really was dreaming.  Jessica had always been this person she could never talk to.  Even when she’d had her first menses, the person she’d told had been the maid downstairs.  
“Zoe?” Jessica prompted.  Hoping that her sister would at least try to thaw this ice that was surrounding them, she wanted to be her friend so much.
“When I went to your wedding,” Zoe said shyly.  “I remember wanting to have been your maid of honor.  It would have been right, and I was sorry I wasn’t.  So, will you please be mine.”
“Oh my God,” Jessica gasped, and then she threw arms around Zoe and laughed in joy.  “I’ll be the best one there’s been.  I am going to throw you a party afterwards you won’t forget.  Oh my God, I love you.  I love you little sis.”
Zoe felt tears prick the back of her eyes as the simple hug healed wounds she’d never realized she had.  There were so many cuts in her heart that were being sealed back together with this little scene.  Having these women sit with her, planning a wedding that she’d imagined would never happen was mind boggling.
She wasn’t able to leave until it was ten o’clock at night.  Athena tried to have her stay, but Zoe wanted to be with Robbie, she didn’t want to be away from him.  It was too soon to be apart.  Gabriella insisted on walking her out to the car that would take her to the Zea Marina.
“Zoella,” Gabriella started.
“You know, you’re the only one who actually calls me that outside of work,” Zoe said.
“It’s a perfectly good name,” Gabriella replied.  “I will not shorten it.”
Zoe chuckled.  “You’re always stubborn, never bending.”
“Except now,” Gabriella said.  “I won’t apologize to you, because you’ve heard too much of that. I will say that I’m proud of you and what you’ve accomplished despite us.”
“Mamma,” Zoe surprised herself with the word, it had simply slipped out.
But what shocked her even more was the sight of the tears that slipped down Gabriella’s cheeks.  Zoe stared at her for a moment, lost for words, and Gabriella looked away, getting a handkerchief from her pockets.
“What’s wrong?” Zoe asked in surprise. “Mamma, please it’s not right seeing you cry, what’s wrong?”
“You calling me Mamma,” Gabriella said.  “I’ve not heard it in so long, and it’s just so—
Zoe gasped as Gabriella turned and hugged her hard.  Gabriella held her tightly as they stood in the middle of the parking lot.
Zoe had never wanted to stay as much as she did right then.  She wrapped her arms around Gabriella too and held on to her mother reveling in comfort she’d once only dreamed about.
Gabriella held her daughter and felt like the world was finally spinning right.  Sweeping the dark hair back from Zoe’s shoulder, she said, “Thank you.”
“For what,” Zoe asked.
“Calling me Mamma, I’m going to make sure you believe I deserve it.”
“You are my mother,” Zoe said, the scent of Channel comforting to her.
She’d missed her mother’s hugs.  The last time she’d received one of this she’d been fourteen.
“That I am,” Gabriella said proudly.
The driver honked and Zoe looked to the grey Rolls Royce waiting for her.  The yacht captain was probably anxious about the tides and had called the driver.  
“I have to go now; Robbie will be worried if I don’t go back,” Zoe said anxiously.  “I’ll see you tomorrow and we can talk, right?”
“Go on,” Gabriella said, with a smile.  “We will have lots of time to talk.”
“Are you sure?” Zoe asked, worried that the next time they met this truce would be gone, and they’d be back to square one.
Understanding her worry, Gabriella pulled back from the hug and cupped Zoe’s cheeks.  Kissing her forehead gently, she promised.  “I’ll drag everyone to Aledeus tomorrow morning.  We will spend the whole day together.  Tonight, go to Robbie.”
Zoe nodded and felt a lump of emotion rise to her throat.  She wanted to cry from happiness.  Heading for the car, she stopped and turned back to look at Gabriella.  Rushing back to her, she pressed a kiss on her mother’s cheek, and then hurried back to the car.  The action was abrupt and Gabriella was left staring after the car as it drove away.

***

Robbie picked Zoe up from the pier, hugging her as though she’d been gone years instead of mere hours.  During the drive to the house, Robbie took her hand in his and pulled it over his lap.
“How was it?”
“Interesting, I wasn’t sure it actually happened.  Everyone was excited about our wedding.  I’ll have to see if their enthusiasm lasts until tomorrow.”
“I’m glad.  I figured that’s what you were going to do when Olivia said you’d left.”
“They are going crazy planning the wedding again.”  Turning in her seat to look at him, she said, “I want Ron and Mick to come, do you think they’ll agree?”
“They will,” Robbie said firmly.  He would bribe them if he had to.
“I know they still want to yell at me for hurting you, you have to let them.” Zoe’s gaze slid to the dark night when she remembered the music Tevin had given her earlier.  “Their anger is justified.  I don’t ever want to hear you sing such dark music again.  I’ll make it that you write only happy stuff from now on.”
“What dark music?”
“I listened to Broken.” 
“I was in a bad place, and Christine wanted results.”
“You don’t have to explain anything to me.” Zoe shook her head again.  “I couldn’t write a thing in the past months, Robbie.  I haven’t touched a piano to compose anything.  It’s all gone.”
“What about the gala Chris is arranging in November?” Robbie asked, worried.  Zoe had always been able to write.  Being unable to write would scare her more than she would let on.  “Pixie, do you need help?”
“Probably,” Zoe grinned.  “But, let’s not worry about that now.” 
Robbie drove up the driveway to the house and parked the car.  Jumping out of the jeep, he came round to her side and opened her door.  He pulled her into his arms as she came out, kissing her thoroughly before he closed the car door behind her.  Holding her tightly, he sighed and said, 
“Come on; let’s go tell Livia she’ll be invaded by the clan tomorrow.”
Zoe laughed at that one and allowed him to lead her into the house.

****

Saturday dawned amid excitement and anxiety for the Castille clan.  Despite Zoe’s and Robbie’s wishes, the wedding ended up involving a hundred and fifty guests.  Apparently they all had very many close friends.  The ceremony would be held at ten o’clock in the chapel at Aledeus.  The towns’ people were also invited Livia had insisted they be included since many of them knew and loved Zoe as their own.
Gloria had complained about the abrupt change of plans, but she’d been game when Kelly called her and they decided to make it positive news in the press.  There had been lawyers, accountants and estate managers to deal with.
Mick and Ron had arrived on Friday and after a stormy argument with Zoe, they had finally decided that Robbie wasn’t making the biggest mistake in his life.  It was a conclusion that Zoe had taken with a shake of her head because she was going to have to prove them right.
And now, seated at her vanity table, she stared at the engagement ring she’d handed back to Robbie months ago.  Seeing it on her left hand glinting in the sunlight could almost mean that none of the last months had happened.  She could have easily skipped all that pain and resumed her life from that moment she’d sat in a dressing room in Prague.
However, life wasn’t easy: the past mattered as much as the present and the future.  What had happened to her had affected her in ways she could never explain, but her experiences had led her to Robbie.  Robbie who didn’t judge her, who loved her despite her shortcomings, who understood her and what she needed, it was her privilege now to give him all of that and more.  
Steve Harden had not taken him away from her and that was something she now had against that bastard.  Sylvia had once told her to look at it as having as many happy memories as she could get so that she could weigh down what Harden had given her.
This moment, Zoe thought staring into the mirror, was the biggest happiest moment in her life and it outweighed any other memory in her life.
A knock on her door, and Kenny slipped into the room.  Looking up at him, she smiled and got up to hug him.  He looked handsome in a grey tuxedo.  Kissing her cheek, he pulled back and stared at her night gown.
“Aren’t you supposed to be getting dressed?” 
“Soon,” Zoe said with a shrug.  “I’m so anxious; the house is filling with people already.”
“You only get married once,” Kenny said with a wink.  “I don’t think Athena wants to miss out on giving you the best.”
“We haven’t had a chance to talk since I attacked you,” Zoe said, looking up into his silver grey eyes.  “So listen, I want to thank you, for what you’ve done for me.  For being there for me when even I didn’t know I needed you there.”
“Zoe,” Kenny started.
“No,” she reached up and smoothed his tie.  “Are you and Jessica okay now?”
Kenny smiled.  “Yes we are.”
“That’s wonderful.  I’m glad, you deserve so much.”
“Zoe, you’re getting married, stop giving me speeches.  I’ll be around all your life, you know.” Holding her at arms length, he grinned.  “I want to see just what kind of grumpy old lady you’ll be like.”
“I think you’ll be the grumpy old man before me, Williams.”  Zoe made a face at him, and then turned back to the vanity table.
Picking up the brush, she ran it through her hair, and hid her tears, but he was a smart man.  Kenny reached for her hand and stopped her brushing, taking her chin; he lifted her face up to study her wet eyes.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, this is not the face of a happy woman now,” Kenny smiled.  “You need to be smiling.”
“Shut up,” she couldn’t believe how lucky she’d gotten to deserve this man’s friendship.  “Go bother Jessica now, I have to get dressed.”
“Okay, if I leave will you stop crying?” Kenny asked, brushing away her tears with his thumbs.
Zoe nodded and blinked away fresh tears.
“Alright, I’ll see you at the chapel.  Make sure you look your best.” Kenny grinned and kissed her wet cheek.  “I’ll go tell Robbie, you’re a mess.”
“Don’t you dare,” Zoe gasped.
Kenny turned and left the room with a soft chuckle.
Athena, Gabriella, Julia and Jessica came in right after to help her dress.  The wedding dress was slipped over her head and she was sat down.  Jessica did her makeup and Gabriella dealt with her long hair, brushing it until it was shining.

****

The chapel was filled with guests.  Their murmurs drifted outside the chapel doors to Zoe who stood nervously holding a bouquet of gardenias.
She wore a floor length strapless dress made of organza.   The bodice hugged her tightly to her waist then flowed out in waves of soft fabric down to the floor.  Her hair fell down her back and small white flowers decorated it.  The short veil over her face was pinned with a silver diamond comb.  Athena had outdone herself, because the dress was stunning, and she looked so beautiful.  It certainly paid that the tailors over at Vera Wang had spent so much time taking measurements and pricking and prodding at her months before.
She wore her promise ring and no other jewelry.  Her feet were in delicate white sandals.  She had insisted on them for comfort.
“You’re beautiful,” Thaddeus said.  “Are you ready?”
Thaddeus stood beside her in a fitting silver grey suit that matched Kenny’s.  Holding out his arm for her, Zoe smiled.
“Yes.”
She slipped her right hand into the crook of his left arm. 
“Are you?” she asked.
Thaddeus looked at her and shook his head.  “I’ll never be ready to give you up, but I can share you.  So be happy.”
“Uncle,” Zoe said.  “You’re the best.”
“I’m glad you know it.  Alexis would be so proud of you,” he said suddenly.  “I’m honored to have been your guardian in his place.”
“I’m proud to call you papa.”
“Good.” Thaddeus winked and as if on cue, the music inside the chapel changed and the doors opened.
Gabriella appeared, herding Zan, Terrence and Sarah followed by Jessica.  They were the wedding party, and they started down the aisle one by one.  Athena hurried in from talking to the priest and came to stand beside Gabriella.
The wedding march began and Zoe tightened her hold on Thaddeus.  Thaddeus patted her hand reassuringly as he led her down the aisle.  Zoe’s gaze found Robbie’s and meeting it, her courage solidified.  She couldn’t look away as they walked down the aisle.  She would never look away, she realized at that moment.  Not in this life or the next.  There would never be anyone else but him.

****
Chapter Twenty-One

“It’s time we left,” Julia announced a week later.
She was seated in the dining room at Villa Thermopolis with Gabriella.  She was helping Gabriella write thank you notes to the guests who’d sent gifts to Zoe and Robbie for their wedding.
“September hasn’t started yet,” Gabriella said, picking up another card from the unused pile.  “The kids are having fun, don’t cut it short.”
“School starts the last week of August.  That’s next week.” Julia sealed the card she was holding.  “Besides, there is nothing else to do now.  Zoe is not coming to the hearing, Sandra and I have to find a way to deal with this.”
Gabriella looked up at that and met her sister’s gaze.  “What are you going to do about the twins?”
“I must tell them the truth.”  Julia let out a sigh.
She was having sleepless nights from thinking about it.  How would she even start the topic?  She’d once told them that their father was gone.  Telling them that he was a criminal and dangerous was going to be harder than she imagined.
“I wish that I didn’t have to.”
“Zoella is just starting to be happy.” Gabriella abandoned her work and let out a frustrated breath.  “I can’t make her go there.  It isn’t right.”
“I know.” Julia placed the last card in the box they were using and looked around the home that Athena and Thaddeus had built for themselves.
Zoe was happy now, that mattered.  Was it right to keep imposing on her? No. It wasn’t right.  “Let us go, Gabby, this will be easier on everyone if they don’t feel obligated to help.”
“Are you sure?” Gabriella asked. “I can come along.”
“No,” Julia shook her head.  “This will be hard enough.”
“Fine,” Gabriella said with a shrug.  “I’ll call the pilot, but tonight, we have a large family dinner.  Zoe and Robbie will be arriving from the Island.  I want the family to have one last night together.”
Julia smiled and nodded, although her stomach was feeling like a hole had been punched in it.

****

Dinner that night was a lively affair.  Athena sat yet again at the end of the table and watched the animated faces of her family with a light feeling in her heart.  They’d come a long way to this.  Zoe laughed at something Sarah said to her and the sound of it made everyone smile as she retaliated back to Sarah and made the girl laugh with her.
Robbie sat beside Zoe, occasionally urging her to eat her food, the action so natural to him, that Zoe found herself eating without realizing it.  Kenny and Tevin traded barbs across the table, while Gabriella listened to Ron and Mick as they amused her with their travels.  
Gabriella’s gaze caught hers and they exchanged a smile of understanding.  Nodding to Gabriella, Athena turned and saw Julia discreetly bring a napkin to the corner of her eyes.  There was a happy ending for everyone but Julia, Athena thought sadly.  She wondered what could be done about that, since forcing Zoe to a place she couldn’t go would be cruel.  Finally meeting her husband’s gaze, Athena felt a wave of love wash over her at the expression on his face.  She would go through it all again, just to see it, she decided.  His family seated around him with no one fighting or angry, it was the only thing he had dreamed of for as long as she had known him.
“I love you.” She mouthed the words and smiled widely when he mouthed them back to her.

****

The penthouse in London was still as they had left it.  Nothing had changed, Zoe thought, as she curled on a couch in the living room.  Sipping on chamomile tea, she wondered when Robbie would be back.    He’d gone out to the studio because Christine wanted to set up a new project with Haden.  Kelly was running in and out, because the advertising process for the gala due in two weeks was making life difficult for her.  Something about rights and terms of contracts, Zoe wasn’t sure what the problem was.
Maria strolled in from the kitchen and brought her a plate of oranges.  Placing it on the coffee table, Maria sat down beside her. “Why aren’t you in the music room?”
“I’m tired.” Zoe rubbed at her shoulders, and met Maria’s gaze.  “I’ve been thinking actually.  I was wondering about Sarah and Terrence, and how they are doing.  Julia took them away so fast after our wedding; you could have thought they were being chased away.”
Maria, who now knew the reason why Zoe had left, sighed.  “May be it was better that way for her.  She’d gone to Greece hoping for a positive outcome.  You realize she now has to brace herself and her children for the possibility of that man coming out.”
“It will be hardest on Sarah,” Zoe said quietly.  Moving her feet over the couch to the carpeted floor, Zoe looked at Maria.  “What would you do Maria?”
Maria met dark eyes that were begging for answers and wondered how she’d never seen the pain of the past in Zoe’s eyes before.  Even now when she was so obviously happy, and married, the past still lingered.  Zoe was a strong woman.  Stronger than most, Maria knew, because the girl had managed to live and live fully after all that.
“What would you want for your daughter, Zoella?”  Maria asked.  “If you were Sarah’s mother and a monster like that one was going to be let out, what do you think you’d do?”
Zoe paused at that question.  Steve Harden was Sarah’s father.  And if he’d been able to do that to Zoe, what would he do to his own daughter.  The man had no heart.  He was a violent animal with no morals.  He wouldn’t hesitate to hurt Sarah.  
Zoe closed her eyes and willed her courage to be stronger.  She would have to sit across him, and look him in the eye to do this.  She had to do this.
Maria reached out and rubbed her shoulder in reassurance. “The hearing is in three days, you must make a decision soon.”
Zoe shook her head at her inability to be strong and watched as Maria left the dining room to continue her chores.  Robbie came in soon after, not giving her a chance to dwell on the fear that was growing inside.
“Hi pixie,” he greeted, coming to sit beside her. He pulled her into his arms and kissed her thoroughly, until she was seated on his lap.
“Mmm…I could get used to this.”
“I am used to it.” Zoe kissed his jaw and wrapped her arms around him.  He was an anchor.  He grounded her.  “The hearing is in three days.”
“I know.” Robbie rubbed her back, and lay back on the couch, just holding her.  “Your music is back, we can play all night for the next three days, you won’t think about it.”
“But Sarah,” Zoe said quietly. “What happens to her? She’s still young, and so full of potential, this will destroy her.  I’m sure aunt Julia will have to tell them about Harden once he’s out. He will go looking for them.”
“Zoe,” Robbie said quietly. “Whatever you decide, I will back you up.  You know that right.”
Zoe nodded and clung to him.  Her decision was already made.  She knew it in her heart.  Pulling back, she sunk her fingers into Robbie’s dark hair, and pressed her lips to his.

*****

Julia stood outside the courthouse on the day of the hearing, holding her cell phone in one hand and her handbag in the other.  She nervously paced as her gaze moved around the people walking up the steps into the courthouse with desperation.  Sandra was late, and they needed to hurry before the hearing started.  
Glancing at her cell phone again, she wondered what was taking so long.  
Her phone rang and she answered it, “Where are you?”
“We just parked the car, please try to relax,” Sandra said calmly.  
“Who’s we, are you bringing someone else?” Julia asked. “You know it’s a closed hearing.”
“You’re really nervous.  I don’t think it’s good for you,” Sandra teased.  
Julia couldn’t help the scoff. “I’m glad you’re so calm.  Excuse me while my life is falling apart around me.”
“Don’t fret,” Sandra said. Hanging up, she watched as Julia paced back and forth.  Shaking her head at the picture the other woman made, she walked up the stairs and stopped on Julia’s path.  “Good morning.”
“Sandra, it’s about time.” Julia looked at her phone again. “We’re going to be late.”
“No,” Sandra said.  Taking Julia’s arm, she said, “I called the board, the hearing has been pushed back a few minutes.  There is someone you should meet.”
Julia frowned at this and turned with Sandra to see who it was she was supposed to see.  Her mouth fell open in surprise at the sight before her.
Zoe and Robbie stood there grinning at her.  
“Hi.” Zoe waved a hand at her, and Robbie smiled.
“What are you doing here?” Julia asked in shock.
“I understand there’s a hearing.” Zoe looked at Sandra.  “You did say there was something like that?”
“I know that.” Julia waved her to stop.  “You came.”
“Of course,” Zoe said.  Holding Robbie’s hand tightly, she pulled off the dark glasses she wore to hide her face and put them in her bag.  “It’s time to face the past and put it behind us.”
Zoe moved then and came to hug Julia.  “Don’t worry, Aunt Julia, I’m here now.  That bastard will never see the light of day.”

********
The End

