
Available as Sienna Stapleton

Reckless Curves

Reckless Curves 2

Reckless Curves 3

Secrets and Curves

It Came Upon a Midnight Clear



Also Available from Michelle Cary

Northern Lights

Ransomed Heart

Tangled Hearts

Don’t Look Back

Fighting the Flames

Best of Intention


Coming soon…

Kentucky Thunder

Kentucky Rain


More titles and short stories available through my Patreon account.   You can follow me at: 

https://www.patreon.com/michellecary



Shelter Me

Sienna Stapleton

Shelter Me

Copyright © 2021 by Sienna Stapleton, 2011 by Michelle Cary

All rights reserved. This copy is intended for the original purchaser of this e-book ONLY. No part of this e-book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission from the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Printed in the United States of America

This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Warning

This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. E-books containing adult content are for sale to adults ONLY, as defined by the laws of the country in which you made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.

Contact Information

Published by
Sienna Stapleton
siennastapleton@ymail.com

Artwork by 
Michelle Cary
michelle.cary@yahoo.com

Chapter One

Teagan Werner leaned back in his chair and pinched the bridge of his nose in an attempt to control his building headache. The recent days of stress and frustration seemed to pick today to culminate into one nasty migraine. If he thought about it, the past year had been a roller coaster filled with both highs and lows that had left him emotionally drained. Right now, all he wanted was a few days’ vacation. With his brother, Talon, now a full-time paid fireman and his new sister-in-law, Abby, running her own business in town, he was once again left to head the family farm. Taking time off was out of the question.
Not that he minded being in charge. He loved the farm and even before his parents’ deaths had begun taking on the task of keeping it successful. What bothered him more than the endless schedules of breeding cows, calves being born, and equipment breakdowns was a newfound loneliness plaguing him.
Ever since Talon and Abby married in August, the melancholy hung over him like a persistent rain cloud. For the moment, his brother and sister-in-law still lived in the sprawling mansion where he’d been raised. They’d decided to put off having children until Abby’s new business venture took off, but that hadn’t stopped them from toying with baby names or planning for their future.
It was only a matter of time before they bought their own place and moved out, leaving him to rattle around in the big ole house all alone. He didn’t begrudge his brother the happiness he’d found with Abby. Even back in high school, he’d known Abby and Talon were made for one another, even if neither of them had a clue.
He simply wished he could find the kind of love they shared. That wasn’t to say they left him out completely. He tipped his lips into a grin as he thought about the last time the three of them were tangled in the sheets together.
He reached down to adjust the growing bulge in his slacks as he remembered the way Abby went down on him. She’d placed a small ice cube in her mouth before she’d laved his dick with such fervor he nearly came within seconds. One thing was for sure: Talon was one lucky son of a bitch.
Though that was back before the wedding. They’d assured him there would be more encounters, but three months later, he was still waiting. There wasn’t any use in fooling himself. He’d known the moment they’d said their “I do’s” that their rendezvous would no doubt end.
Facts were facts. Abby might be adventurous, but she wouldn’t want to play around when it came to the father of her child. He sighed as his cock deflated at the thought of losing what he’d come to accept as the norm.
He turned back to the papers spread out on his desk and struggled to focus on his work. Two of his tanker trucks had fallen victim to engine problems, causing a serious gap in transporting his product to the processor. A load of moldy hay came in the day before, and he needed to address the issue with the supplier. No way was he going to pay for tainted feed.
“Mr. Werner?” He glanced up to see the housekeeper, Millie, standing in the doorway, a look of remorse on her face. “I know you didn’t want to be disturbed, but Mr. Fletcher is here with a guest.”
Teagan barely refrained from rolling his eyes. What in the world does Earl want? “Fine, let him in.” His Realtor, Earl Fletcher, was the last person Teagan wanted to deal with this morning.
An aging man close to sixty shuffled through the door, followed by a vixen with long black hair, wearing what would best be described as conservative sexy in her gray pencil skirt and white pleated blouse. Her high heels clicked across the hard wood as she entered the room and had Teagan taking pause at the shapely legs attached to those shoes. She stopped and cleared her throat. The sound caused him to zip his attention back to her face.
Heat slowly crept into his face as he realized she’d caught him gawking. He smiled and, never breaking his gaze with her, asked, “Earl, who’s your friend?”
Earl beamed as if he were introducing the queen herself. “Teagan, this is Ms. Kyrie Hart.”
“Pleased to meet you.” Teagan stood and extended a hand to shake.
“Likewise,” she replied as she accepted his hand. The initial contact sent zings of electricity shooting up his arm, and Teagan would have sworn the floor moved beneath his feet.
Holy hell, what was that? He broke contact, pulled away, and motioned for them to sit. “What can I do for you, Mrs. Hart?”
She started to speak only to have Earl cut her off. “She’s here looking for properties to purchase and is interested in the land you have on Amber Mill Road.”
Really? Wouldn’t it be a pleasure to have her as a new neighbor? Teagan pondered the idea of having this beautiful woman living so close by. “Really. Well, Mrs. Hart—”
“Ms. Hart,” she corrected, and Teagan sent up a silent thank-you.
“Um…Ms. Hart. Even if the property was still for sale, which it isn’t, you should know the house burned down some time ago, so there is only land.”
She nodded. “Mr. Fletcher told me about the house, but I’m really only interested in the property.”
“Like I said, it’s no longer for sale.”
Her face contorted in confusion as she glanced from Teagan to Earl and back. “As of last month, it was still listed. Has it already been purchased?”
Teagan shook his head. He should have expected Earl’s continued push to sell even after he’d removed the property from the market. “No, ma’am. I simply decided not to sell it after all.”
“Well.” She frowned. “I’m sure you had good reason to put the place on the market to start, and I am extremely interested in the land. Isn’t there any way we can work out a deal?”
“I’m sorry, but the land is no longer available.” Teagan shot Earl a disgruntled look. “Mr. Fletcher should have told you that instead of wasting all our time dragging you out here for no reason.”
“Now, Teagan, I’m sure you can at least hear what Ms. Hart has to say.”
“Fine.” Teagan folded his arms over his chest and leaned back. There wasn’t anything she could possibly say which would change his mind, but if hearing her out would make them both go away faster, he’d do it. “Why are you so interested in the land, Ms. Hart? What exactly do you plan to do with it?”
“I want to build a retreat and spa for battered women.”
That certainly wasn’t what he’d expected her to say. Confused, Teagan frowned. “I’m sorry. I don’t quite follow you. Battered women aren’t going to have the money to spend on a retreat and spa.”
The indignant look she wore told Teagan he’d just dug his first hole with the beautiful lady. “Well of course not,” she retorted. “The retreat will work much like a woman’s shelter, only on an entirely different level. It would be for those women who are not only willing to leave their abusive relationships but who need to leave everything behind and start new elsewhere due to the level of violence.”
“So, it would kind of be a halfway house for women in need of a protection program of sorts. New look, new identity, new town.”
The incredulous look she wore slipped into a grin. “That’s a very good way to describe it, Mr. Werner.”
“Please, call me Teagan.”
“All right, Teagan. The idea is to bring women to the retreat to heal. While there, they’ll be counseled, offered schooling or job training before being given a fresh start in another state.”
He eased back until he sat on the edge of his desk and crossed his legs at the ankles. “That sounds awful ambitious for one person, Ms. Hart.”
“I’m heading up the project and eventually will run the place once it’s open, but I do have a team helping me get the proper funding in place.”
“And how does this spa factor into all that?”
“The spa will pamper these women in a way they haven’t been treated before. They’ll receive a complete makeover, exercise classes, lessons on dealing with stress, and a place to just spend some downtime while they work through their issues. Essentially it will give women the chance to recuperate, rehabilitate, and prepare for their new identities and new lives. While I was in Colorado, I saw a similar spa in action, and they had a fantastic success rate.”
“And you want to put all this on the property on Amber Mill Road?”
“That’s the plan.”
“And you’d be heading up the project and then staying on to run the facility?”
Her gaze narrowed. “That’s what I said. Why? Do you have a problem with a woman running a construction project, Mr. Werner?”
Geez, she was a touchy one. He held his hands up in defense. “No, not at all. I was just making sure I understood everything. No disrespect intended.”
“Disrespect taken,” she snapped. “Now about this property.”
“Not. For. Sale.” He stood and returned to his chair behind the desk. “Not that I have to share my reasons for keeping the land, but I’ve had serious issues with my grain supplier lately and have decided to use the land to grow some of my own feed. Thus, the reason for pulling it off the market.”
Her eyes widened at his explanation, and she leaned forward, placing a hand on his desk. “You want to use the land to feed a bunch of cows? You can’t be serious.”
“I’m completely serious. Werner Farms is one of the major dairy producers east of the Mississippi, and I’m not going to risk our reputation by feeding my cattle tainted food.”
“There must be more than one supplier for feed, Mr. Werner.”
“Even if there are, I have the right to choose how I use my land, Ms. Hart. Besides, there are other pieces of property available for sale in the area.”
“Yes, but I’m interested in your land. Now I’m sure for the right price you could be persuaded to change your mind?”
She was a persistent one. “What kind of price are we talking?”
A smug smile tipped her lips, and despite her combative nature, Teagan had the sudden urge to kiss it away. “Four thousand an acre.”
The urge died with her offer as the businessman took over. “You have to be joking.” He shook his head. “That land is worth a minimum of six, even with all the wooded acreage.”
“Now who’s joking?” she shot back. “Haven’t you bothered to keep up on the news? The entire housing market is down. Nothing is selling for full value right now.”
“All the more reason for me to keep the land and put it to use.”
Obviously put out by his statement, she shot up from her chair. “You’re being completely unreasonable, Mr. Werner. In these hard economic times, you’d be a fool to pass on such a lucrative offer.”
“Then I guess I’m a fool because the answer is still no. As I said before, there are several other plots of land for sale in the area. Why don’t you try one of them?”
Her look turned hard as stone for the briefest of moments before she schooled her features into a polite smile. “I’m so sorry to have wasted your time.” She turned to Earl. “Since we’re obviously done here, I’ll be in the car.”
With that, she turned and stomped out of the room.
“Teagan, be reasonable,” Earl urged. “The woman is here on a mission of mercy. Besides, think about what it would do for the Werner name to be involved in such a charitable endeavor.”
“Charity doesn’t pay my bills,” Teagan shot back.
Earl shook his head and turned to leave. “I think you’re making a huge mistake, but it’s your land. Do what you want with it.”
No sooner had Earl left than Talon entered the room. He angled a thumb toward the door. “Hey, who’s the sexy chick in the suit I saw storming out of here a minute ago?”
“That, my dear brother, would be Ms. Kyrie Hart.”
Talon plopped down in the chair and arched a brow. “And just who is Ms. Kyrie Hart to you?”
“Apparently she is the latest thorn in my side.” Teagan reclined in his chair and considered the sexy-as-hell sable-haired beauty with attitude to spare. He had a strange feeling he hadn’t seen the last of her.
Chapter Two

Kyrie strolled down the sidewalk along the main shopping area in Bethlehem known as the Square. With the exception of meeting Teagan Werner, she enjoyed the hospitality the town offered. Many of the business owners were eager to support her project. Though she had to be honest, it was the promise of free advertising which78u8 probably had owners signing on. She stopped in front of a store window filled with quilts, afghans, and other sewing projects. The window on the other side of the door held completed scrapbooking pages, tie-dye shirts, and handmade jewelry. The sign over the door read A MOMENT IN TIME—SCRAPBOOKING, QUILTING, AND MORE. Time to check out some of the wares the town had to offer.
She pulled on the door and stepped inside. A charge of warm, cinnamon-scented air rushed past, and she quickly pulled the door closed behind her, causing the bell above to jingle. I’ve stepped right into a scene from Mayberry. Kyrie couldn’t stop the grin engulfing her face as she began perusing the racks. Everything from craft paper to knitting yarn covered the shelves. Her fingers itched to touch and feel while she wished she had the time to learn a craft.
Wouldn’t it be nice to learn how to knit or crochet? For what reason, Kyrie? It isn’t like you have anyone to make gifts for. She pulled the hand hovering over a pack of handmade greeting cards back to her side as her heart plummeted. Leaving her family behind to live as Kyrie Hart instead of Kirsten Schwinn had been an important part in settling her past. There were times, though, when the weight of leaving everyone and everything she knew sat heavy on her heart. Coming to this town with its sense of community brought all those feelings rushing back.
“Can I help you with something?” a woman with long blonde hair asked from a few feet away.
“Actually”—Kyrie turned to face her—“can you tell me where I might fight the owner?”
The blonde’s eyes lit up as her smile widened. She extended a hand to shake. “That would be me. Abigail Werner at your service.”
Another Werner? Kyrie nearly groaned out loud. No way in this tiny town could she not be related to Teagan. She hadn’t inquired if he was married. Hell, for all Kyrie knew, the woman in front of her might be Teagan’s wife. And why did that thought sit so uneasy with her? He was a raging jerkaholic.
“Kyrie Hart,” she offered as she took the blonde’s hand and shook. No matter what her feelings toward Teagan Werner, she had a job to do. “I’m here gathering information for a project I’m working on, and I was wondering if you could spare a few minutes to talk.”
Abigail nodded toward the back of the room, where several couches sat unoccupied. “Why don’t you have a seat and I’ll get us some coffee?”
Kyrie nodded. “Thank you so much.”
Twenty minutes later, Kyrie had finished her coffee and found a new friend. Abby shook her head. “I can’t believe Teagan acted like that. While he might be a shrewd businessman, it’s not in his nature to be rude.”
“Maybe I goaded him a bit,” Kyrie admitted. “I just wanted the property so badly, and to find out he’d pulled it from the market was heartbreaking.”
Abby shifted on her hip to look at Kyrie. “There is other land for sale in Bethlehem.”
“Yes, I know, but the land north of town was ideal for what I have planned. Everything else Earl has told me about seemed like it will need a lot of work.”
“Seemed?” Abby questioned. “You haven’t seen the land for yourself yet?”
Kyrie shook her head. “While I’ve spoken to several owners over the phone, I only arrived in town this morning, so I haven’t had a chance to visit the properties yet. My first priority was to talk to your brother-in-law.” She set her cup down on the table. “In fact, I have a ton of work to do. Can you point me toward the Bethlehem Travelodge? I have a room reserved there.”
Abby’s eyes went wide. “Oh, Kyrie, their boiler blew two days ago. They’re closed down until it’s repaired. No one called to tell you?”
Damn! That seemed to be just the way her luck was running. She shook her head. “Not even a voice mail.” She sighed as she considered how her bad luck was starting to mount. “Well, can you point me toward another hotel or motel in the area?”
Abby shook her head. “There isn’t one. The next hotel is over in Red Rock, and that’s at least a half hour from here.”
Double damn! “Well”—she shrugged—“now what do I do?”
“I have an idea.” Abby’s smiled reminded Kyrie of someone planning the perfect crime. Why did she have this sudden feeling she wouldn’t like Abby’s idea?
“And that would be?”
“Come back to Werner Farms and stay with us.”
Shaking her head, Kyrie shot from the couch. “I really don’t think that would be a good idea.”
“Do you have a better alternative? Besides”—she grinned—“it will give me a chance to work on Teagan about the land.”
* * *
Exhausted, Teagan dragged himself up the back steps leading to the mudroom. After this morning’s visit from Ms. Hart, he should have known his day wouldn’t get any better. One of the roundabouts in the milking parlor broke down, and not one but two of his cows had needed C-sections to save the calves. The vet had managed to save both calves, but they’d lost one of the cows in the process. Covered in blood and smelling like sour milk, all he wanted was a shower and his bed.
He shoved open the back door and stopped dead in his tracks. There, just beyond the mudroom door at the kitchen table, sat Abby and the woman who had haunted his thoughts all damn day.
Abby turned her attention on him and smiled wide. “Hey, Teagan. Hard day?”
His gaze shifted from Abby to Kyrie and back. “More difficult than you know.” What in the hell is she doing here? “What’s going on?”
Abby gestured to Kyrie. “Kyrie here stopped by the store this afternoon, and we got to talking. Unfortunately, I had to inform her how the Bethlehem Travelodge is closed for repairs, which left her no place to stay.”
Teagan held up a hand. “Let me guess. You offered to let her stay here.”
“Very perceptive.” She arched a challenging brow. “You have a problem with that?”
He could think of a dozen reasons why having Kyrie Hart stay in his home was a bad idea. Not a single one would pass the Abby test. Choose your battles, buddy. Teagan stripped off his boots and set them on the rubber mat next to the door. “Of course not. Why would I have a problem with her staying here? Now if you’ll excuse me, I want to get out of these clothes and grab a shower.”
He walked behind Kyrie and noted the light fragrance of her perfume still clinging to her skin. Despite being exhausted, his libido stirred, and Teagan quickly squelched his urges. Why did he have to be attracted to her of all people?
“Um…” she began. “What is that on your shirt?”
He glanced down at the red stain on his favorite flannel shirt as he passed by her on his way to the stairs. “Cow blood.”
He shouldn’t have gotten so much satisfaction from her gasp of shock, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel bad. She’d all but stormed into his home earlier that day, wrecking his morning by arguing with him over property no longer for sale. It couldn’t be a coincidence that she’d now befriended his sister-in-law.
While he knew the motel in town was closed for repairs, that fact didn’t deter him from wanting her to go somewhere else. Sharing the house with her for even a day would be a brutal punishment. So, what if she had legs that went on forever and an ass so hot it would probably burn a man if he touched it? He had no intention of touching her ass or any other parts, so it wasn’t like her staying here would benefit him in any way.
Not bothering to stop and close it, he pushed through his bedroom door and headed straight for his private bathroom. He set the taps to hot, stripped, and stepped inside the shower stall. The water sluiced over his skin, washing away the grime and some of the tension he’d carried around all day.
He rolled a shoulder, noting the way the muscle tingled as it released. Losing one of his cows to a uterine hemorrhage hadn’t made his day any better. They had been able to save the calf, a small victory considering the mother died only moments after the calf was born. The cost of the cow was a factor, but more so he hated knowing she’d suffered before her death.
His feelings made no sense since he regularly shipped his nonproducers off for market. He had no problem with those cattle becoming steaks for hungry consumers, so her death shouldn’t be any different. Though he had to admit, there was a big difference between watching a cow die and watching a truck haul them away.
He shook his head, sending water splattering against the shower door. Sometimes he wondered if he needed therapy. Ruminating over one cow in a herd of a thousand made no sense, especially considering it wasn’t the first time he’d dealt with a loss of this type. Her carcass was sent to the butcher who would make sure the meat would go to a local homeless shelter. For Teagan, that was where the chapter ended and a new one began. Tonight, and tomorrow would probably bring more calves, and in a few months, the herd would be thinned and shipped to market. It was the cycle of life at Werner Farms.
What would Miss Panache-in-a-pencil-skirt think of the practice? For all he knew, she was probably a vegetarian who was against animal slaughter of any kind. More importantly, why did he care anyway? Since when did he base decisions about the farm on what others thought, especially some pushy chick with a truckload of attitude?
He closed his eyes against the spray, only to have a picture of her form in his mind. She might have attitude, but she also had the most gorgeous hazel eyes. Almond shaped and so expressive in nature. They told her emotions even when she tried to hide them behind a mask of neutrality. What would those sexy green-brown irises look like when she made love? He reached down and stroked his semihard length, imagining Kyrie’s mouth there instead. Those telltale eyes of hers staring up with a passion reserved entirely for him.
His cock hardened, and Teagan tightened his grip. Would her mouth be as talented at sucking cock as it was at perpetuating a debate? He’d bet his left nut it was, and oh, wouldn’t it be wonderful to feel that mouth wrapped around his shaft? He tightened his hand around his length and stroked hard.
Maybe he’d passed judgment on her before he should have. She was obviously a shrewd and determined businesswoman. Did those two traits automatically make her a bitch? His strokes increased as a burning started low in his belly and began to spiral outward.
If she was that passionate in her business dealings, he could only imagine what a wildcat she’d be in bed. Oh man! The image of her spread wide for his pleasure was too much for Teagan to take. His climax struck with such intensity, he barely managed not to drop to his knees as his release spurted into the shower spray.
Weakened beyond words, he shut off the water, stepped from the shower, and barely managed to wrap a towel around himself as he walked to his bed. Without concern for the fabric, he dropped still wet on top of the comforter. Where in the hell had that fantasy come from? Maybe he really was losing his mind.
Chapter Three

Cup of coffee in hand, Kyrie sat at the kitchen table and looked over the directions for one of two properties she wanted to investigate today. Located on the south side of town, they each rested upon a large area of rolling hills and deep gullies. She had her reservations about the land, but the only real way to know for sure was to check them out firsthand.
Her skin prickled with awareness seconds before Teagan entered the room. Damn this stupid attraction she felt. Arrogant, obnoxious, and too sexy for his own damn good, the man exuded confidence on a level she hadn’t encountered before. Her ex, Roy, had always seemed insecure, which the counselors later told her had more than likely factored into his abusive behavior. How exactly would a man confident in his abilities and comfortable with himself act in a relationship?
What are you thinking? She gave her thoughts a mental smack, sending them scurrying for cover. The last thing she needed was the entanglement a romance would cause, especially one with Teagan Werner. “Good morning,” she offered, trying her best to remain neutral yet polite.
“Good morning to you, Ms. Hart,” he shot back.
She sighed at the cynicism in his tone. “Please, call me Kyrie.”
He paused, coffeepot in hand, and arched a brow. “So now you want to go back to first names?”
Unable to look at the distain on his face, she cut her gaze back to her coffee mug. “I may have been a bit overzealous and intolerable yesterday.”
“A bit.” Teagan poured the black gold into his mug, snagged a blueberry muffin from the tin, and joined her at the table.
For some reason, his agreement on her behavior only served to piss her off more. “You weren’t exactly acquiescent, you know.”
Her statement pulled a smile from him. “True, but aggression begets aggression. What did you expect to get when you come into my home all but demanding that I sell you land for less than it’s true value, then become combative when I refused?”
“I don’t know.” She shrugged. “Compliance.”
He laughed then, a warm, rich sound that caught Kyrie off guard and sent a shot of desire rippling through her system. Hating herself for not being able to control her feelings toward him, she shot from her chair and carried her mug to the sink. “So, we’re okay?”
“Yeah,” he said from behind her. “I suppose we’re okay.”
She poured out the rest of her coffee, rinsed the mug, and placed it in the dishwasher, then returned to the table to gather her things. “I’m glad we’ll at least be able to tolerate each other while I’m here.” She reached for the directions she’d printed to the two properties, only to have him snag them first.
“What’s this?”
“Directions,” she all but snapped, impatient at his interference. While they might be on speaking terms, that didn’t mean she wanted him nosing in her business. “You did tell me to find another property, so that’s what I’m doing.”
He scanned the pages, then looked up at her with his piercing eyes. “You checking these places out today?”
She yanked the papers out of his hands. “As a matter of fact, I am.”
“Who is going with you?”
She shook her head. “No one. I’m going alone.”
“Like hell you will.” As quick as a whip, he reached across the table and grabbed the papers out of her hand. The hint of violence in his move brought back horrific memories and struck fear in her heart. Barely managing not to scream, she sucked in a quick breath and recoiled.
Her actions weren’t lost on him as his eyes widened, and he eased back to his chair. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to frighten you.” He set the papers on the table. “I simply don’t think it’s wise for you to go alone.”
After sucking in several long breaths, she finally found her voice again. “I’m not some child, Teagan. I am perfectly capable of looking at a plot of land.”
“No offense, honey, but you’re a city girl and have no business running around the countryside alone. Besides the possibility of running into coyotes, snakes, and the occasional bobcat, the rougher terrain of southern hills poses more serious risks. You could turn an ankle and find yourself helpless in the cold, or worse yet, lose your footing and fall into a rocky gully.”
He made good points, but she couldn’t let a few what-ifs get in her way. “I understand your concern, but it’s not like Earl can go with me, and I don’t know anyone else in town.”
“I’ll go with you.”
“You’ll what?” His offer had her heart pounding with a mix of anticipation and fear.
“I said I’ll go with you.” Teagan checked his watch. “Give me twenty minutes to check in with my foreman and we can go.”
* * *
Forty-five minutes later, Teagan trekked behind Kyrie through the woods and down a slope toward the creek below. “How many acres are the Kirkpatricks selling?”
“Eighty.”
“More than enough for what you need, right?”
She paused to survey the landscape. This many trees would be costly to clear, not to mention the security issue. With so many places for disgruntled spouses and boyfriends to hide, the place would be a huge security headache. Her heart sank as hope faded. She’d known from the pictures the land wasn’t right, but with her first choice off the table, other options had to be considered. “This will never work,” she mumbled.
“Why not?”
“Logistically, it would be a nightmare to place a structure anywhere on this land.”
“True, but it could be done.”
“Clearing this many trees and leveling the land would be costly though. That’s why I wanted your land. It’s primarily flat and wouldn’t take nearly as much preparation for building.”
The look in his eyes told her she’d stepped back into dangerous territory with her statement. “I’m not trying to badger you or be difficult. I’m simply stating a fact, okay?”
“Fine.” He turned away from her. “Just so you know, the other land you’re wanting to look at isn’t far from here.” He pointed in the direction of the acreage for sale a few miles away. “The landscape is pretty much the same as this.”
Kyrie stood at the top of the gully and gazed down at the stream below. She took a deep breath as frustration began to mount. “This won’t do at all. I’m going to have to figure out some other option.” Dejected, she turned to head back to where Teagan parked his truck and lost her balance. Arms pinwheeling, she fought to keep from falling backward. While the drop wasn’t steep enough to kill her, it would leave her banged up with possible broken bones.
Teagan’s reached out and grabbed her by the wrist, and suddenly she was falling forward instead. She landed hard against his body, the impact knocking the wind from her lungs. Two protective arms wrapped around her, keeping her safe. By the time she managed to get her bearings, she realized she was gripping his shoulders. She lifted her head to look up at him and found herself lost inside his mesmerizing stare.
“And that, my dear, is why I didn’t want you doing this alone.”
Before she could reply, his mouth came down on top of hers, silencing any protest she might have. His lips moved over hers, gently at first, then with more force until the smoldering embers of her libido flared with newfound desire. She gave over control, sinking into the kiss with more fervor than she’d thought possible.
His hands slid lower; the heat of his palms cupping her bottom burned through her jeans. Of their own volition, her hips angled forward, begging for contact. It had been so long since she’d been kissed, so long since she’d had any type of physical contact, she hadn’t realized until now how much she missed it. He groaned against her mouth and pulled her against him. The hard ridge of his cock pressed against her mound, and arousal rocketed through her system, directly to her severely neglected pussy.
She could think of a dozen reasons why she shouldn’t sleep with Teagan Werner, not the least of which was the fact she’d only known him for a day. Still, she couldn’t ignore her body’s reaction to his advances. She wanted him, and that thought scared the hell out of her.
Regretfully, she pulled back and forced herself to look him in the face. “Teagan.” What exactly was she supposed to say after a kiss like that?
He stroked a finger along her cheek and smiled, the look on his face filled with repentance and desire. “I think it would be best if we head back.”
She couldn’t agree more.
Chapter Four

Silence dominated the ride back to Werner Farms, which ended up being fine with Teagan since he hadn’t been able to think of a single thing to say. He’d allowed his impulses to dictate his actions and kissed Kyrie despite his better judgment.
One taste of the complicated and tempting little vixen and he’d been hooked. He spent the better part of the rest of the day fighting back the urge to seek her out, throw her down on his bed, and bury himself deep inside her sweet little body. The tension during dinner was palpable, and Abby more than once asked if everything was all right.
Now, still sporting the hard-on he’d carried through the day, he lay naked in bed staring at the ceiling. How in the hell had his life taken such a turn so quickly, and what exactly was he going to do about it?
A knock on his door was followed by Abby’s soft voice as it opened. “Teagan?”
The last thing he was in the mood for was talking, but no way would he refuse her entry. He sat up, pulled the sheet over him, and yelled, “Come in.”
She stepped into the room with Talon right behind her. “Are you really okay?”
“I’m fine.” He lifted his arms behind his head and leaned back against the pillow in a move that was supposed to show his ease.
Apparently, it failed as she frowned. “Try again. I know when my men are upset, and there is definitely something bothering you.”
Teagan rolled his eyes but didn’t bother to hide his smile. Her men. It never ceased to amaze him how intuitive his sister-in-law could be. “Okay, fine. You want to know what’s bothering me? Despite knowing better, I allowed myself to be sucked into traipsing all over Bethlehem with Kyrie while she looked for land to purchase. Then to make the situation worse, I had a moment where I completely lost my mind and kissed her.”
Talon chuckled from where he stood leaning against the far wall. “I knew there was something about her that had you hooked.”
“I’m not hooked,” Teagan shot back, not wanting to admit how right Talon’s words really were.
Without asking, Abby grabbed the sheet and pulled it away, revealing his erection. “Despite what your mind says, your body tells a different story.”
“Abby,” Teagan warned and started to cover himself a second time. Her hand came down over his, halting his progress.
“How about I help you with your little problem?” she asked while batting her eyes at him. Holy hell. Teagan nearly came on the spot.
“You two are married now. It wouldn’t be right.”
“Who says?” Abby countered. “Someone once told me I shouldn’t judge right and wrong by what other people thought.”
Teagan grinned. “True, but when I think it’s wrong, there’s a problem.”
“It’s only a problem for you because you have your sights elsewhere.”
Teagan opened his mouth to argue, only to have Abby hold up a hand, silencing his protest. “That’s okay, Teagan. We all knew this situation probably wouldn’t last forever. If the time has come to make this our last encounter together, then let’s make it good.”
Sometimes he wondered if she had ESP. “How could you possibly be okay with me thinking of another woman while I’m with you?”
Abby cocked her head to the side and shot him an inquisitive look. “How could I not be okay with you thinking of another woman, Teagan? Our encounters together are supposed to be fun for all of us, and if that means you’re thinking of Kyrie while with me, then so be it.”
“But—”
She placed a finger over his lips and shook her head. “You deserve the same happiness Talon and I have. Maybe Kyrie’s the one who will make you happy, or maybe she isn’t. For tonight, though, let me ease some of your suffering while you figure it out.”
His frown slowly morphed into a grin, and he glanced over her shoulder at Talon. “You sure you’re okay with this?”
Talon nodded. “More than okay. I’m in the mood to watch her give you a blowjob while I fuck her from behind.”
Her eyes grew dark as she looked up at Teagan. “He’s not the only one looking forward to that. Now lay back and let me play. It’s been way too long since the three of us spent some quality time together.”
No way was he going to argue with that invitation.
“Undress for us, Abby,” Talon ordered.
A gamut of emotions raced across her face, not one of them remotely hinting at embarrassment, before settling on a sexy smile he’d only seen in his dreams. She slowly pulled her nightshirt up and over her head, revealing two perfectly round and perky breasts with dusky pink nipples. No matter how many times he saw them, he never got tired of looking at her breasts. Then, just to further his torment, she brought her hands up slowly to cup herself, taking the nipples between her fingers and squeezing.
Her actions had a decided effect on Talon as well, as he now stood naked near the foot of the bed, stroking an immense erection. His brother had the right idea, Teagan thought, and he reached down and wrapped his fingers around his cock.
“Finish this, Abby,” Talon ordered, his voice husky with desire.
Turning slowly, she looked back over her shoulder with a grin that proved she knew exactly what she was doing, then kicked out of her slippers, and peeled off her panties one agonizing inch at a time. As she bent over, Talon was treated to a perfect view of her luscious round ass while Teagan enjoyed the gentle sway of her breasts as she slipped the lace off.
She looked over her shoulder at Talon, then turned those determined eyes back on Teagan. Oh, how he loved it when she looked at him like that. Slowly she ran her tongue over her top lip, and his cock jerked in response.
She slid into position between Teagan’s thighs, arching her ass invitingly in the air. Knowing she liked a touch of dominance in their lovemaking, Teagan speared a hand through her hair, taking control. He guided her head down until her warm breath puffed over his weeping member. He wrapped his other hand around his cock and proceeded to rub the tip along her lips.
“Do it, Abby. Suck him.” Talon’s gravelly voice betrayed his arousal, and Teagan centered his focus on Abby’s lovely mouth as she opened and allowed him to slide in.
“That’s it, baby,” Talon praised. “Make it good for Tee.”
She took him all, sliding her lips down his cock until he came to rest at her throat. Teagan threw his head back against the pillow and closed his eyes. Instantly the woman between his legs morphed from Abby to Kyrie, and he sucked in a strangled breath at the sensations the vision caused. “You feel so damn good,” he said before sucking in a quick breath.
She paused and swallowed, and he shuddered beneath her. “Fuck. You are so good at that.”
* * *
Kyrie stared at the ceiling above her bed and cursed herself for the hundredth time. She hadn’t yet decided if she was being smart or a coward for what she was about to do. Either way, it didn’t much matter since the result would be the same. While she’d thoroughly enjoyed the kiss she and Teagan had shared, to indulge their attraction any further would be a destructive endeavor.
It was time she stopped hiding and face him head-on. She climbed from the bed, slipped on her robe, and stepped out into the hallway. If she remembered correctly, the door at the end of the hall led to Teagan’s bedroom. Since she’d seen him come upstairs earlier in the evening, she’d start there.
The door was ajar, and Talon’s voice drifted out into the hall. Maybe the brothers were having a private discussion. His brother was the perfect excuse not to interrupt, and Kyrie started to turn around and head back to her room.
“That’s it, baby. Suck his cock like you mean it.” Talon’s voice pierced Kyrie’s ears. She froze as she struggled to make sense of his words. She couldn’t possibly have heard him correctly, could she?
A couple of the business owners in town had been all too willing to share the local gossip about the Werner twins, telling her a rumor about how they both slept with Abby. She hadn’t believed a word of the blather they spewed, especially since Abby and Talon were married. Now she wasn’t so sure if those people weren’t right.
Giving in to curiosity, she eased her way up to the door. Just one quick peek to settle her inquisitiveness and she’d head back to her own room. She held her breath as she peered through the door, catching the reflections from a mirror hanging on the open interior closet door.
Nothing could have prepared her for what she saw.
There in the reverse image was Abby on her hands and knees with Teagan’s penis between her lips. Behind her, Talon had his face buried between her legs with two fingers shoved deep into her pussy.
Kyrie’s channel clenched emptily at the scene before her even as her hand flew to her mouth to cover her gasp of shock. The rumor was true! They’d all seemed so normal during the conversations she’d held with them. She would never have suspected something like this. Still, even as her mind reeled at the vision before her, somewhere deep inside her body, a spring of desire began to coil.
With her upbringing, she should be repulsed by what she saw, but what she felt was far from disgust. Her interest didn’t simply stem from the erotic nature of the situation, but from the obvious love and compassion they shared. Never could she have imagined watching three people making love could be so beautiful. Need, cavernous and compelling in nature, pulled at her. What would it feel like to have two men make love to her at the same time? More so, what would it be like simply to be a part of something so intimate? They were obviously comfortable with each other’s bodies, but even that ran deeper than what showed on the surface. While there appeared to be passion in their actions, it seemed tempered by an unfathomable love that mitigated any possibility of jealousy. Oh, what she wouldn’t do to have just a taste of what they shared.
Without breaking contact, Talon used his free hand to reach around Abby and cup a breast, his fingers rolling her nipple into a point as she continued to suck up and down Teagan’s cock. He coaxed one then the other into tight little peaks before sliding his hands over her hips and to her ass. He raised a hand up and came down hard on one cheek. The sound of flesh contacting flesh rent the air, causing Kyrie’s breathing to speed up. Obviously excited by the move, Abby squealed around Teagan’s flesh, then thrust her ass farther into the air as if begging for more.
Teagan chuckled as Talon landed a blow on the opposite cheek. “You love a good spanking, don’t you, sweetheart?”
She released his dick from between her lips and smiled. “You know it.”
“And I love seeing your ass all nice and pink,” Talon added as he repositioned behind her.
“If you had your way, my ass would be pink all the time,” she retorted before resuming her ministrations.
“Hell yeah, it would,” Talon agreed as he positioned his cock at her entrance.
She shifted back, trying to sheathe him, but he held her off with another smack to her ass. “Insatiable wench. We go at my speed.”
She moaned and held perfectly still as he slipped inside her.
Kyrie nearly groaned out loud as she imagined what Abby must be feeling. The slide of his cock, wet from her juices, against her soft, sensitive tissue, stretching her, bringing with it unspeakable pleasure. Kyrie couldn’t remember the last time she’d felt like that.
Teagan’s hands slid from Abby’s hair to her jaw, where he held her still as he began fucking her mouth while Talon sank deep into his wife’s pussy, his lean abdomen coming to rest against her ass. With what appeared to be a featherlight touch, Talon tiptoed his fingers up her spine, eventually sliding into her hair, gathering the strands. His grip tightened, and he pushed her head down to meet Teagan’s thrusts. “Yeah, sweetheart. Open wide and take his cock.”
Teagan’s head turned to the side, and his eyes met Kyrie’s in the mirror. Her body rocked with shock at being caught, yet she couldn’t tear her gaze away.
As if people watched their sexcapades every day, Teagan winked at her, then turned his attention back to Abby, all but dismissing Kyrie’s presence.
She started to back away, then stopped when Talon spoke again. “Sweetheart, I want to fuck your ass while Teagan takes your pussy.”
Kyrie settled back into her spot and waited for Abby’s response. She’d read romance novels where a woman took on two men at once, but seeing it happen in real life was a fantasy come true.
Abby pulled her mouth off Teagan and grinned. “Oh yeah, do it. I want both of you to fuck me hard and fast.” She reached across him, opened the nightstand drawer, and pulled out a strip of condoms. After tearing one off, she opened the wrapper and rolled the latex over his shaft.
Teagan slid his hands under her arms and pulled her up his body. “Ride me, honey.”
Kyrie’s pussy creamed with his words as she pictured herself in Abby’s place. Her entire body twitched and tightened in anticipation as Teagan positioned Abby over his cock. God, she’d loved to know what it felt like to ride him like Abby was about to do. Breathing hard, Talon stood at the end of the bed, silently waiting as Teagan eased Abby down until he rested deep inside her.
“Okay?” he asked.
“Oh yeah.” She grinned and leaned forward to kiss him. “Almost perfect.”
Teagan reached for something on the nightstand and tossed it to the end of the bed. Kyrie recognized the bottle the moment Talon picked it up. Oh God! They really were going to fuck Abby at the same time. The idea both thrilled and frightened Kyrie. The thought of having two men so focused on her pleasure alone intrigued her, yet the power those two men could bring if they chose allowed fear to dominate.
Teagan slid his hands along Abby’s back and over her buttocks. Then he spread her cheeks, opening her invitingly to Talon. Talon popped open the bottle, tipped it to the side, and the liquid spilled over the seam of Abby’s ass.
Her breath stalled in her lungs the moment Talon slid a finger inside Abby’s hole. This was wrong. She needed to back away, to leave them to their private moment and stop watching them like a pervert. Yet every time she tried to move curiosity kept her rooted in place. It was hard for her to admit she wanted what they had. Not only the closeness and love they shared, but the sex too.
It had been too long since she’d allowed anyone close enough for sex. She missed it, craved it and the intimacy that came with such an act.
In and out, Talon worked his finger, added another to prepare Abby for penetration. “Are you ready for me, baby?” he asked.
“God yes. Do it,” she begged.
With one hand, Teagan blindly searched the top of the nightstand, coming up with the strip of condoms. Then threw them to Talon, who readied himself with amazing speed. Teagan seemed to spread her farther open as Talon replaced his finger with his cock. In one smooth motion that spoke of practice, he sank inside.
She went rigid in Teagan’s arms, probably giving her body time to adjust, Kyrie guessed. What would it feel like to be stretched tight around both their cocks? Just the thought made her panties wet. Talon started moving; then Teagan followed. Teagan gripped Abby by the waist as Talon dug his fingers into her hips, holding her tight. In what Kyrie assumed was a practiced rhythm, they moved, one forward, one back, filling Abby, thrusting harder, deeper.
Abby moaned and shook between the men, whimpering when Talon pulled out and paused with the head of his penis just inside her opening. Then he surged forward, burying himself to the hilt.
Abby let loose a cry that screamed with pleasure as she came apart in their arms. Yet neither man slowed their efforts. “We’ve got you, baby,” Talon said from behind her. “Ride it out. Milk us both.”
No sooner had he spoken than Teagan’s body shook, and he let loose a hoarse shout. He surged upward, his body going rigid as tiny grunts escaped his lips, confirming his climax.
Abby’s body shuddered almost violently as Talon thrust furiously into her ass. She gave an inarticulate cry as yet another orgasm crashed through her body. Talon growled loud and long, then thrust deep, holding there as his hips moved in tiny circles. Before long the muscles in his face relaxed, and he leaned over her back, his body going limp with his release. Abby slumped forward, her cheek landing on Teagan’s chest, and her eyes fluttered closed.
Beautiful was all Kyrie could think as she watched the three of them collapse into bed together. So what if some people might consider what they did taboo? The bond they shared ran beyond anything she’d ever hoped to experience in a relationship.
Teagan turned his head toward the mirror, their eyes meeting for a second time. The implications of what she’d done slammed down on her shoulders like the weight of a mountain, and she fell backward on her ass in her bid to get away. Would he be pissed at her for spying on them? She couldn’t blame him if he was. After all, she’d intruded on a private encounter meant to be special and reduced it to something cheap and tawdry. Kyrie rushed back to her room and closed the door. How in the hell was she supposed to face Teagan or the others now?
Chapter Five

Kyrie descended the stairs and stopped at the sound of voices drifting out from the kitchen. Could she face them now, knowing what she’d done? The door opened and closed, the resounding click telling her someone had left the house. Teagan walked from the kitchen across the foyer and stopped when he caught sight of her. A devilish grin tipped his lips. Oh God! He took a step toward her, then stopped. “I see you’re finally up. I trust you slept well.”
“Uh, yes, I did. Thank you.” No thanks to the incredibly erotic dreams she had, starring him.
His gaze narrowed on her. “Are you sure? Because you don’t look as if you feel well.”
She lifted a shaky hand to push her hair back behind her ear and straightened her spine in an attempt to shore up her defenses. “I’m perfectly fine and will be even better once I have some coffee.”
His smile returned as he motioned to the kitchen. “Please feel free to help yourself to anything in the kitchen. Abby is finishing her breakfast. I’m sure she’d love the company.”
Why was he being so nice to her? He knew she’d been watching the three of them last night, so why wasn’t he calling her on it? “Um…thank you, Teagan. That’s very generous of you.”
“That’s me”—he chuckled—“Mr. Generosity.” He started to walk away, then paused and shot her the most stunning smile she’d ever seen on a man. “I’m heading to my office to clear up some paperwork this morning. If you need anything at all, don’t hesitate to knock.”
If there wasn’t a double entendre in that statement, she’d eat her skirt. Worse yet, why did she have a sudden urge to find out if he really did mean anything?
As he walked away, she thoroughly enjoying the view of his perfect ass clad in a pair of dark denim jeans that left little to the imagination. Fanning herself with her hand, she continued down the steps. She really needed to get over this sudden obsession with him before something bad happened.
After living through hell at the hands of her ex-husband, she’d vowed off all men out of fear they’d all end up like him. Yes, she’d found certain men attractive, usually allowing her libido to swoon over movie stars and famous musicians, since the chances of dating those people were slim, making them a good choice. To suddenly find herself attracted to a real live normal person was a bit frightening. Not that Teagan Werner could be considered normal.
Yet, she couldn’t help but remember the gentle way he’d handled Abby last night while he and Talon made love to her. It would be hard for her to believe Teagan held a violent bone in his body. Sure, he probably had a temper. Hell, even she’d grown one of her own over the past few years, but there was something about Teagan that made her think he was different than most men.
She entered the kitchen and stopped inside the door, her attention landing on Abby, who sat at the kitchen table picking at her plate. Maybe it would be best if she didn’t interrupt. Before she could turn to go, Abby set her gaze on Kyrie. “Good morning.”
No way to back out now, girlie. Once again Kyrie shored up her defenses and strolled into the kitchen. “Good morning, Abby. How are you this morning?” Happily satisfied, I imagine. A dual twinge of jealousy and guilt shot through her as she moved to the coffeepot, snagged a mug off the rack, and poured a cup.
“I’m okay, I guess,” Abby replied as she poked at the egg on her plate. “A little nauseous, but I sometimes get that way when I’ve had a late night.”
Late is right. Kyrie returned the pot to its station and joined Abby at the table. “You were up late last night?”
Abby’s smile only served to stoke Kyrie’s jealousy. “A little. Every once in a while, Talon and I spend some quality time with Teagan, and last night was one of those times.”
So that’s what you call it? Before the words spilled from her mouth, Kyrie lifted the cup to her lips and sipped.
“So did you sleep well?” Abby asked and dropped the fork on her plate and pushed the entire dish away.
“As well as can be expected for not being in my own bed.” And spending half the night dreaming about seeing Teagan naked.
Abby nodded. “I know that feeling. The first night I’d returned to Bethlehem, I had problems falling asleep. Of course, it was probably best that I did considering my house caught fire.”
Horror rippled through Kyrie at Abby’s words. “Oh my God. How terrible.”
“Yeah, I was in a bad place mentally anyway, and then my home burned to the ground. I’d pretty much felt like I’d hit rock bottom. Then Talon stepped into my life and everything changed.”
The adoration in her words pulled Kyrie’s gaze from her coffee mug. She stared across the table at Abby, noting the love in her eyes as she spoke about her husband. “You really love him.”
“I do.” Abby picked up her plate and carried it to the trash, where she began scraping off her uneaten food. “After my divorce, I never thought I’d love again, but everything with Talon is so different than anything I’ve experienced before. He’s so genuine in his feelings.” She moved to the sink and began rinsing off the plate. “They both are for that matter.”
“You have feelings for Teagan?” As soon as the words left her mouth, Kyrie wanted to pull them back in. Of course the woman had feelings for Teagan. How could she not when he’d spent quite some time buried inside her body last night?
Abby glanced over her shoulder at Kyrie, the confusion on her face clear. “Well of course I have feelings for Teagan. He’s my brother-in-law, and even besides that, he’s a very sweet and caring person.” She turned to face Kyrie. “He’s so lonely though. I really wish he’d find someone to love like I found Talon.”
“So, you don’t love him?” Kyrie barely refrained from rolling her eyes at the question. Now why in the hell had she asked that? Nothing like fishing for answers.
Abby’s brow creased. “Yes, I love him, but I’m certainly not in love with him if that’s what you’re asking.”
“It wasn’t.” Kyrie shook her head. “I’m sorry. It was wrong of me to say anything.”
As if a lightbulb turned on inside Abby’s head, her brow smoothed over and a grin once again touched her lips. “Oh, I know what this is all about. You’ve heard the rumors around town, haven’t you?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Kyrie lifted the mug to her lips.
Abby laughed. “Oh, I think you do, and just so you know, yes, it’s true.”
Kyrie nearly spewed her coffee all over the table. The last thing she expected was for Abby to admit to something so taboo. “I can’t believe it.” She shook her head.
“Which part? That I slept with two men or that I admitted to it?”
“Well, both actually, and how can you be so relaxed about the situation with everybody knowing your personal business?”
Abby waved a dismissive hand. “There’s been speculation for years, but no one really knows for sure. Hell, you’re the first person who has bothered to even come close to asking. Most people would rather spread gossip than to find out the truth.”
“Yes, but in this case, the gossip is true.”
“It wasn’t until after I moved in here. I used to let what other people think bother me, but over the last few months, I’ve come to realize that for the first time in years, I’m happy. Yes, my life might be a bit eccentric, but I like it that way, and while it may have taken me some time to admit it, I like a little kink in the bedroom.”
Eyes wide with wonder, Kyrie returned her cup to the table. “Wow. I’m impressed with your attitude.”
“Don’t be. I’m not naturally so easygoing. It’s taken several months and a lot of prodding from Talon and Teagan to get to this position.”
Kyrie shook her head. She’d read romances where a woman had slept with two men at the same time, even fantasized about it, but she’d never met someone who did it. “So, if you don’t mind me asking, what’s it like making love to two men at the same time?”
Abby shrugged. “It’s not something I’d want to do all the time as it can be pretty exhausting since there are two of them and only one of me, but it’s also pretty awesome since they all but worship me when we do. For any woman who is curious, I’d highly recommend trying it at least once.” She motioned to the skillet and then the refrigerator. “I’m sorry, I certainly don’t mean to be inhospitable, but I’m going back up to bed to try and sleep off this upset stomach. Please help yourself to anything in the kitchen. Our home is your home.”
“Thank you,” Kyrie managed to murmur to Abby’s retreating back. So, Abby doesn’t love Teagan the same way she loves Talon? Wasn’t that an interested tidbit of information? Kyrie frowned at her nearly empty mug. What did it matter to her either way? Getting involved with Teagan Werner wasn’t an option. The last thing she needed in her life was the complications a romance would bring.
A low thud and the sound of shattering glass had Kyrie jetting from her chair. She skidded to a stop in the foyer to find Abby sitting on the floor with her back against the wall. The small side table next to her sat ajar as if it had been bumped into. The vase that once sat atop it was now scattered in pieces on the floor. “Oh my God. Are you okay?”
Abby’s glazed look landed on Kyrie, and she knew her friend was far from fine. “Teagan!” she yelled as she tiptoed through the minefield of porcelain to get to Abby.
“I’m fine,” Abby murmured, then lifted a hand to her head. “I-I don’t know what happened. One minute I’m walking to the stairs, and the next I’m stumbling for a chair.”
Kyrie noted the chair a few feet away. “You didn’t make it.”
Abby gave her a pitiful smile. “I know.”
“What the hell?” Teagan’s voice echoed through the foyer. “Abby!” He rushed toward them, concern etching deep lines on his face. “What happened here?” He crouched next to them, looking from Kyrie to Abby and back.
“I think she had a dizzy spell,” Kyrie offered.
“I think I did too,” Abby murmured as she looked up at Teagan. “I wasn’t feeling well and was going to go back to bed. Then the room began to spin, and I lost my bearings.”
The worry lines in Teagan’s face deepened. “How long have you been feeling like this?”
“A couple of days.”
Anger flared in his eyes at her answer. “Let’s get you upstairs to bed.” He slid an arm underneath her legs, wrapped his other arm around her back and picked Abby up as if she weighed nothing. Kyrie’s throat went dry at his display of sheer masculinity. The man was the personification of an alpha male with his raw power and overbearing nature. He was everything she’d come to avoid in a man since escaping her ex-husband, yet the attraction she felt toward him was undeniable and confusing.
“Kyrie, go to my office and grab my cell phone,” he commanded, his words pulling her from her stupor. “Scroll through my contacts. You’ll find Talon’s cell number. Call it. Tell him what’s going on. If he doesn’t answer, there’s a number for the Bethlehem Fire Department. Call it and ask for Talon Werner.”
“Got it.” She took off at a run for Teagan’s office.
“Teagan, you’re overreacting,” Abby voice drifted through the expansive space. “Don’t have her bother Talon at work. I just need to rest.”
“Hush,” he ordered, his voice filled with concern.
Kyrie raced through the office door, skirted Teagan’s desk, and grabbed his phone off the blotter. After a moment of trying to figure out how it worked, she managed to bring up the contacts list and scroll down through the numbers. Finding Talon’s, she pushed Send and waited for it to ring.
“Hey, bro, what’s happening?” Talon’s voice filled her ear.
“Hi, Talon, it’s Kyrie. Teagan wanted me to call you.”
“Why? What’s wrong?” His cheerful nature was suddenly replaced with concern.
“Abby isn’t feeling well.”
“What kind of not feeling well?”
“She was complaining of nausea, and just a few moments ago, she had a dizzy spell and fell.”
“Is she alright?”
“She seems fine. Teagan carried her up to bed and told me to call you.”
“I’m turning around now. I’ll be home shortly. Thanks, Kyrie.”
Before she could say “you’re welcome,” the line went dead. Still holding the phone, she exited Teagan’s office and rushed upstairs. Maybe there was something she could do to help Abby. She hurried down the hallway but slowed when voices coming from behind the half-closed door reached her ears.
“You should have told me you weren’t feeling well,” Teagan admonished.
“And what would you have done if I had?”
“For starters I wouldn’t have joined you guys last night.”
“Which is exactly why I didn’t say anything,” Abby countered.
“If you’re sick, the last thing you need is two men pawing all over you for sex.”
“I also don’t need two men treating me like I’m on my deathbed either,” she shot back. “So, I don’t feel well. It will pass.”
“You’re impossible.”
“And you’re being ridiculous,” she chided.
Time to break up the argument before it got worse. Kyrie placed a hand on the door and stepped inside. Abby and Teagan stopped to look at her. “Did you call Talon?” Teagan asked.
The vicious look on his face had Kyrie taking a step back. She’d seen that look before, usually right before receiving a fist to the face. “Um…yes,” she managed to squeak. “He’s on his way home.”
Obviously disgusted, Abby folded her arms over her chest. “You’re both being absurd. I have a touch of the flu, that’s all.”
Teagan glared at her. “There are people in this house who love you, damn it. When you’re sick, we worry. Now get over it.”
Abby started to open her mouth, but the sound of a door opening and slamming closed caused her to pause. “Teagan!” Talon bellowed from somewhere downstairs.
“Your room,” Teagan yelled back.
Feet thudded on the steps, and Talon’s massive frame appeared. Eyes wild with worry, he skirted past Kyrie into the room. “Honey.” He sank onto the bed and raised a hand to Abby’s cheek. “You okay? What happened?”
The gentleness of his touch combined with the concern in his voice pulled at Kyrie’s heart and nearly brought tears to her eyes. What she would give to have someone love her, care about her the way Talon and Teagan doted over Abby. Unfortunately, she didn’t have anyone like that and, with her hang-ups over men, probably wouldn’t anytime soon.
Teagan turned away from them and strode toward Kyrie. He motioned to the hallway and waited for Kyrie to back up. Then he closed the door behind him. “I’ll let Talon take it from here.” He raked a hand through his hair and took a deep breath. “She was so frail when she first came to live here. Talon worried and fretted over her constantly until she finally gained some decent weight. If she has anything more than a cold, he’ll freak.”
“What about you?” Kyrie dared to place a hand on his forearm. He looked so worried, so out of sorts, the urge to wrap him in a hug swamped her.
He paused and set his gaze on her. “What about me?”
“You’re upset.”
He shot her a devastating smile. “Just a little freaked. It’s not every day my sister-in-law faints.” He patted her hand. “Did you get breakfast yet?”
“Um…no.”
“Allow me.” He laced his fingers through hers and turned toward the steps. “After that little incident, I could use a strong cup of coffee and some time out of the house. There’s a great little mom-and-pop place in town that serves a mean breakfast. I’m buying.”
“Sounds good to me.”
Chapter Six

She needed to do this and get it out of her system. With only two days left until her scheduled return to Baltimore, Kyrie steered her car down the tiny driveway leading to the now empty piece of property and parked near the garage. It was the only remaining structure on the land. After surveying the other properties for sale in the area, she was still convinced this was the right land for her project, even if Teagan didn’t agree.
The only way to know otherwise was to see the land firsthand. Maybe she’d be wrong about the property, and it wouldn’t be ideal for her plans. If that was the case, then she could leave Bethlehem with a clear mind and start her search elsewhere. She put the car in park, turned off the engine, stepped from behind the wheel, grabbed her purse and cell phone. Thankfully she’d remembered to wear her sneakers instead of the boots or high heels she normally wore. Taking time to grab a bottle of water and her coat from the backseat, she shoved her cell phone in her jacket pocket, then locked the door and her put her keys in her purse and started walking.
The garage would be an excellent place for storage of materials during construction. Eventually it would be torn down and replaced with a guard shack, where anyone entering or exiting the property would have to check in. She followed the fence line, enjoying how it opened up to the large field behind where the house used to sit.
Probably once used as farmland and, if Teagan Werner had his way, future land to grow grain for his cattle, the ground in its current state contained mostly weeds, some grass, and a few remaining flowers that managed to survive the late October cold. The faint rush of moving water carried on the breeze, and Kyrie turned toward the direction of the sound. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to put in a walking path that led to a stream? Maybe they could even make a little sitting area near the water for people to relax. So far it was the perfect site for the retreat. Damn it! In her heart she knew this was the location.
Five minutes later, she came upon a small creek. The water bubbled over rocks and fallen tree branches as it made its way down the gently sloping hill.
She followed the stream for a while, eventually finding a narrow, shallow place to cross. On the other side of the bank, she climbed up and stepped out into a freshly harvested field. As far as she knew, Teagan hadn’t started farming the ground yet, which meant she’d probably reached the property boundary. She turned, crossed back over the water, continuing to follow it down until it split into two smaller creeks. Now which way? She glanced behind her at the wooded area. Maybe it would be best for her to head back before she ended up lost in the woods.
Still, she wanted to see all the beauty the land held. It would also give her time to devise a way to approach Teagan a second time about the acreage. Maybe she’d go on just a wee bit farther and then turn back. Twenty minutes later, after venturing away from the stream and through a small patch of woods, she’d gotten completely turned around and now had no clue where she was. A sick ball of panic slid through her system and settled in the pit of her stomach as the first drops of rain began pelting the ground. With dread, she eyed the storm clouds on the horizon. It was bad enough she was lost, but to get caught in a storm would be downright dangerous.
She palmed her phone, hoping to see she still had a signal. One bar appeared in the top corner of her screen, and she nearly cursed. Nothing like being lost with spotty reception. Maybe if she walked a bit, she could get a second bar and have enough reception to call somebody. She pulled her jacket tighter and flipped up her hood as she traipsed through the overgrowth.
And just who in the hell are you going to call? Besides the Werners and their Realtor, Earl, nobody in town really knew who she was. Sure, she’d spoken with many of the business owners, but that didn’t make them friends. It wasn’t as if she could call them up and say, Hey, I’m lost in the woods. Can you come find me? How exactly would that look considering her current position? Would people want to work with her after she’d proven to be such an airhead? The project meant too much to her to risk losing their support.
She didn’t have Abby’s number with her. Her other option was to dial 911, but in a town this size, everyone would know what she’d done before supper ever hit the table. That only left Teagan. Earl had given her Teagan’s home and cell numbers in the hopes that with enough prodding, she could get him to sell.
Since their kiss and subsequent breakfast together the previous day, they seemed to have come to an unspoken agreement. Keep the conversation light and well away from the topic of her project or the land, and they were fine. She’d made the mistake of talking to Talon about the situation with the land over coffee after dinner. Apparently, he was more of a hothead than she’d pegged him for, as he immediately sought out Teagan and began arguing with him over the property.
The resulting inquiry by Teagan had left her feeling hurt and just a little guilty. She hadn’t meant to start an argument between brothers. She’d had no idea Talon would react the way he had either. Not that it mattered. She was pretty much back to square one with Teagan. He was already mad at her for talking to Talon behind his back. How upset would he be when he found out she’d trespassed on his land?
The rain came down harder, bombarding her with large drops that stung her face and soaked through her jeans. The wind began to kick up and blew the hood off her head. She studied the ground in front of her. If there had been snow, she could have followed her footprints back. Instead, the falling leaves squished beneath her feet while storm clouds rolled in above her head. Sometimes she really could be so stupid, she thought as she continued to walk.
All she’d accomplished in the four short days here was to piss off a handsome millionaire, invade on a private moment, waste time, and cause family strife. Maybe she should just cut her losses and start over somewhere else.
A small cabin came into view, giving Kyrie some relief. If nothing else, at least she’d have shelter from the storm. She stepped up onto the porch, checked her phone again, and was relieved to see three bars on her screen.
Time to swallow your pride and call for help. She scrolled through her contacts, found Teagan’s cell number, and pushed Send. Humble pie never tasted very good, no matter what the reason.
“Hello?”
“Teagan, it’s Kyrie.”
“And?”
She swallowed at his icy reception. Obviously, he was still pissed about Talon’s interference last night. “I need help. I know you’re firm on not selling, but I decided to check out some of the land off Amber Mill Road anyway, and now I’m lost.”
“What do you mean ‘lost’?”
“I mean I’ve gotten myself turned around and now I don’t know how to get back to the car. I managed to find a little cabin, but a storm is moving in.”
“Why didn’t you call 911? I’m sure the fire department would be happy to rescue you.”
“I called you because, well, because I’m embarrassed by what I’ve done, and I don’t want to make it worse by calling in a bunch of strangers.”
“Oh, so better to call a man you can’t stand for help than to embarrass yourself further, right?”
“Teagan, please.”
“I’ll call the fire department on your behalf. Don’t do anything else stupid and stay put until they get there.” With that he disconnected.
* * *
What was it about that woman that infuriated him so? Teagan tossed his cell phone onto the desk and raked a hand over his face. How was it that he could have such a huge dislike of her and be so intrigued by her at the same time? Other than her gorgeous smile that could light any room and her poker-straight hair the color of midnight, what was there to really like about the woman?
So what if she had a laugh that could harden a dead man? It didn’t mean he was attracted to her.
Aw hell! He pushed up from his desk and stomped toward the kitchen, where he found his housekeeper busy at work. “Millie, dear, I need you to pack me a large thermos of coffee, a couple bottles of water, and something to eat into a camping pack.”
Her brows drew together in confusion. “You’re going camping now, Mr. Werner?”
“Not exactly. A friend”— yeah right, friend!—“has gotten herself lost in the woods. She’s holed up in the old Jensen hunting cabin, and I’m going to get her. Just in case the storm forces us to stay overnight, I don’t want to be caught without food and drink.”
“Should I get your brother?” she asked and started for the stairs.
Teagan shook his head. “No, Millie, leave Talon alone. He’s busy tending to Abby while she’s not feeling well.”
“Not to be disrespectful, Mr. Werner, but shouldn’t someone know where you’re going?”
“Thank you for your concern. I’m perfectly capable of handling the situation. Now please get the items packed while I go change. I want to leave in ten minutes.”
“Yes, sir.”
Teagan practically stomped up the staircase, all the while reprimanding himself for not just calling the fire department and being done with her. Why in the hell did he feel obligated to rescue the woman? Okay, so maybe he was attracted to her, but every time she was around, eventually the topic turned back to that damned land and he’d want to punch a wall.
Talon stepped out of the bedroom just as Teagan passed. The deep lines etched into his face betrayed his worry over his wife’s illness. Teagan stopped and placed a comforting hand on his brother’s shoulder. “How’s Abby?”
Talon raked a hand through his hair. “Sleeping right now, thank God.” He lifted his gaze to Teagan. “I’m really worried, bro. It’s been the better part of two days since her dizzy spell, and now she can’t keep down any food. I’m barely managing to keep her hydrated.”
“You taking her to the hospital?”
“I want to, but she’s refusing to go. She keeps saying to just give it another day. I think if she’s not eating by morning, we’re going anyway, or maybe I’ll contact ole Doc Brinkerhoff and see if he’ll make a house call.”
Teagan glanced at the closed door. “That’s not a bad idea, but have you considered this might be something besides the flu? I mean, from the way she tells it, she’s been nauseous off and on for a couple of weeks now.”
“I know but thinking about the alternatives has me scared shitless. Her mom died of breast cancer, so she has a history. I’m just not sure what I’ll do if it turns out to be something more serious than the flu.”
“That is a scary thought, but I was thinking more along the lines of pregnancy.”
Talon’s head jerked as if Teagan actually slapped him. “Pregnant? Abby?” He glanced at the door, then back to Teagan. “She’s been getting those birth control shots and isn’t due for another one until next month.” He looked at the door again and sighed. “Though it would explain why she doesn’t have a fever or any of the aches and chills that come with the flu.”
“It’s certainly worth considering. Let me know how you make out. Right now, I have to go.”
“Where you headed?”
“To rescue Kyrie from the Jensen’s hunting cabin.”
Talon’s lips turned down in a frown. “What’s she doing there?”
Teagan made quick work relaying her story to Talon and tried to control his temper as he spoke. “For reasons I can’t explain, I’m going to go get her instead of just letting fire rescue do it.”
Talon’s frown disappeared, tipping up into a mischievous grin. “I can explain it. You’ve got the hots for her.”
“I do not!” Teagan argued. “If we’re being honest, I can’t stand the woman.”
“You don’t even know the woman, Tee, so how can you say that?”
“She’s pushy and abrasive.”
“So are you at times,” Talon argued. “Face it. You find her sexy as hell, and I could tell you’re more than a little intrigued when you told me how she’d watched us with Abby the other night and didn’t run away.”
Teagan waved a dismissive hand at his brother. “I am not intrigued. I’m simply helping a city woman in trouble. Maybe she’ll be grateful enough to finally go the hell home and leave us all alone.”
“Right.” Talon’s sarcastic reply sliced through Teagan’s resolve. Maybe he couldn’t admit his real reasons, but Talon knew the truth.
“Go take care of your wife and possible baby,” Teagan shot back, feeling a twinge of jealousy at his own words. He’d certainly be happy for his brother if Abby was pregnant, but watching his brother start a family when he couldn’t even find a girlfriend wouldn’t be easy.
“And you go rescue your future wife,” Talon shot back before turning the door handle and disappearing back into the bedroom. Teagan rolled his eyes at his brother’s cheap shot and continued to his bedroom. It was already raining and was supposed to get worse. Though the storm was only supposed to bring precipitation in the form of rain, weathermen had been wrong before, and he didn’t want to be caught unprepared if some sudden blizzard kicked up.
Twenty minutes later, Teagan unloaded his quad from the back of his pickup and grabbed his backpack out of the passenger seat of his truck. Rain stung his face and beat on his back as he started the quad and headed for the old Jensen cabin. No doubt he’d be soaked by the time he got there, but he’d at least been smart enough to pack a change of clothes.
If Kyrie was wet, with the chill in the air it wouldn’t take much for her to catch cold. Hopefully she’d made it to the cabin before it started raining. If not, he could be facing an entirely different situation.
Chapter Seven

Kyrie shivered for the hundredth time and tried to wrap her arms tighter around her body. While the cabin had both a wood-burning stove and a hearth, she hadn’t managed to find any firewood. She was already trespassing and hadn’t wanted to disturb anything, so she’d refrained from pulling the old patchwork quilt off the bed, despite her need for heat.
Instead, she paced the room, partly to stay warm and partly due to nerves. She shouldn’t care what a bunch of strangers would think of her current situation, but the idea of having the fire department rescuing her had her face heating with embarrassment.
The sound of an engine cut through the rat-tat-tat of the rain on the roof. It grew closer until she was sure someone had arrived to rescue her. Rescue. Even thinking the word made her frown. She’d worked hard to overcome the need to be rescued, yet here she was once again, relying on others to save her pitiful ass.
The drone of the engine passed by the cabin and stopped around back. A few seconds later, the back door opened and in walked a very wet Teagan. Her heart nearly stopped at the sight of him. Soaked to the skin and eyes dark with anger, he stomped into the tiny room. “At least you had sense enough to stay put.”
“Nice to see you too,” she replied, then clamped her hand over her mouth when he all but growled at her snappy response. “I’m sorry. I thought you were sending the fire department.”
“I changed my mind.” He trudged into the room, shook his backpack off into an empty chair, and turned to face her. “You’re shivering.”
“I got caught in the beginning of the storm.”
Without another word, he disappeared back out the door, only to reemerge moments later loaded down with firewood. “Old Man Jensen keeps his shed out back stocked.” He dumped the wood near the back door, picked up a couple of pieces, and walked over to the hearth.
Within minutes he had a fire going, and the whole room began to warm. “Thank you. That’s better.” She moved in closer to the flame.
“You’re welcome, but you really need to get out of those clothes and dry off proper before you catch cold.”
“I’m fine.” Even the thought of undressing in front of Teagan was enough to make her wet in places untouched by the rain. “Besides, I don’t have anything to change into.”
“Well, I do. Now either you strip, or I’ll do it for you.”
His order only served to raise her defenses. After what she’d been through in the past, no way was she going to allow another man to bully her. “What is this, some ploy of yours to get me naked?”
His eyes heated as he unzipped the backpack. “If I really wanted you naked, you would be.” He reached into the backpack and yanked out the T-shirt he’d packed. “Strip and put this on, then drape your clothes over the chair near the fire so they can dry.”
She wanted to think of something pithy to say, but all thought fled to higher ground as Teagan stripped out of his shirt. God, the man had some abs. He reached for the button on his jeans, and her eyes followed his movements.
He paused, a slow grin tipping his lips. “Unless you’re prepared to follow through with that look you’re giving me, I suggest you turn around while I put on some dry pants.”
Heat crept up her neck and filled her face as embarrassment burned inside. He’d actually caught her gawking at him like some hormonal teenager. Could she possibly be more humiliated?
“I’m so sorry.” She turned to face the window and waited while he changed.
Several seconds later, he spoke. “Okay, you can look now.”
When she spun back around, he was wearing only a pair of jeans, and her mouth threatened to drool once again. “There’s no place for me to change in here.”
His grin widened. “I’ll step onto the back porch and call Talon while you change.”
Disappointment and relief settled over her at the same time. “I appreciate your consideration. I’ll only be a minute.”
He hesitated, pausing to assess her with those eyes she loved so much, before he grabbed his jacket, turned, and walked out onto the covered porch. While he was on the phone, she needed to take the opportunity to get her wayward emotions under control before she did something she’d live to regret.

Giving her some privacy, Teagan closed the door all the way before he dialed Talon’s number.
“Hey, bro, how’s the rescue going?”
Teagan looked out into the driving rain just beyond the cabin’s tiny porch. “Not great. It’s blowing hard, and the storm darkened things up nicely. It’s too dangerous to leave right now, so Kyrie and I are going to ride the storm out here in the cabin. I just called to let you know so you wouldn’t be worried.”
A long pause came from the other end before Talon finally spoke. “The Weather Channel is calling for this storm to last until around noon tomorrow. Tell me you have enough food, water, and dry firewood to stay safe.”
“You know Old Man Jensen. He’s got this cabin stocked. The only thing we might run low on is water, and if necessary, I’ll pump some water from the well he dug. The pump is just off the back porch.”
Talon laughed. “City girl drinking well water. That would be a sight.”
“Yeah, I suppose it would. How’s Abby doing?”
“She’s pregnant.”
Teagan sagged against the cabin wall and took a moment to process Talon’s words. “I haven’t been gone even an hour. How could you possibly know that already?”
“I mentioned your thought about her being pregnant to Abby. At first, she dismissed it, but then she realized her period was late, and she sent me to the convenience mart on the edge of town to buy a pregnancy test. She took it right away, and there are two very bright pink lines.” He laughed. “I’m going to be a dad.”
“That’s fantastic, Talon. I’m so happy for both of you. Go take care of her, and I’ll be home tomorrow.”
“I will, bro, and you be careful.” Talon disconnected, and Teagan pressed End on his phone. For several long moments, he stood staring out into the rain as the reality of Abby’s pregnancy sank in. Changes were in his future, the biggest of which had already taken place with the end of their sexual encounters together. That thought saddened him, but the idea of having a baby in the house was exciting. He was going to be an uncle, which meant he’d get to spoil his niece or nephew rotten. At the very least, that was something to look forward to. He glanced back at the closed door. He’d spent enough time outside for Kyrie to change, and if it wasn’t, then too bad for her, because he wasn’t going to stay outside and get soaked all over again.
He found her sitting on the bed, legs tucked beneath her.
“Is Abby all right?” she asked
“More than all right. She’s pregnant.”
Kyrie’s smile lit up the entire room, and Teagan stomped on the urge to gather her in his arms. “That’s fantastic.”
“It is. Talon is ecstatic about being a dad.”
“What about you?”
“What about me?”
“Shouldn’t you be ecstatic too?”
“I’m certainly happy for them.”
“For them?” She arched a challenging brow. “For you too. I mean, the baby could be yours as much as it could be your brother’s, right?”
Teagan jerked at her words, and he froze in place, staring at her. Never did he think she’d admit to watching them, but she couldn’t make a statement like that without an admission. “Just because you watched us the other night, you automatically assume I’m the father?”
She shifted nervously on the bed, then shrugged as if to dismiss his statement as a nonissue. “So what if I did watch you? It’s a legitimate question. Besides, my voyeurism isn’t the topic right now.”
She was right, but only for the moment, because he had no intention of allowing the subject to fade. “The baby isn’t mine. I was with them the other night. Before that it’s been well over three months, before they were married. The baby is Talon’s.”
“Oh.” She nodded. “Well, that’s good.”
“Did you enjoy watching?” Teagan took a predatory step toward her and stopped.
“What?” Her head jerked up, and she met his stare, her eyes wide with shock.
“You heard me, Kyrie. Did you like what you saw the other night when you watched us make love to Abby?”
“I…um…” Immediately her gaze cut away, and she appeared to study the quilt pattern.
He stalked over to the bed and eased down onto the mattress next to her. “Kyrie, answer the question.”
“Yes,” she whispered but refused to look up until he tucked his finger beneath her chin.
“Yes?” He smiled. “You stayed and watched for quite some time. I think it’s more than just a simple yes. Does the thought of sleeping with two men make you hot?”
She finally lifted her head, and their gazes collided, causing something in the air to shift. Was that a glimmer of arousal he saw in those hazel eyes? Sitting in the darkness of the cabin with only the fire from the hearth as light, it was hard to tell.
“Yes,” she finally replied after several long moments. “Until the other night, I’d never even considered the idea of a ménage, but after seeing the three of you together, the idea has me intrigued. Is that what you wanted to hear?”
Oh man, I’m in trouble.
Chapter Eight

Maybe it was the storm that had her feeling off balance and needy. Or maybe she’d completely lost her mind. Why else would she allow her attraction to Teagan to overpower her common sense, and make such an admission?
Kyrie shifted on the bed and desperately tried to ignore the spark of desire heating her thighs. Teagan Werner was stubborn, obnoxious, overbearing, and too confident for his own good, and she wasn’t attracted to him.
Like hell she wasn’t.
It was the setting. Being trapped with a sexy man inside a tiny cabin in the rain with only the fire from the hearth as light was like taking a scene directly from one of her favorite romance novels. Reading had always been the one place where she’d indulged her libido and let herself be free. That had to be why she was imagining him naked right now. It wasn’t such a difficult task considering she’d already seen him naked from a distance.
Her fingers itched to touch the light peppering of dark hair across his chest peeking through the opening in his jacket. Instead, she motioned to his backpack. “Do you by chance have water in there?”
Never taking his eyes from her, he moved to the backpack, reached inside, and pulled out a bottle. Instead of tossing it to her like she hoped he would, Teagan closed the distance between them until he stood next the bed.
“T-thank you,” she offered as she reached for the bottle. As she wrapped her fingers around the plastic, they brushed against Teagan’s. That same zap of shock she’d felt the first day they shook hands headed straight for her pussy. As much as her head might want to deny her attraction for Teagan, her body wasn’t listening. Damn it!
He released the bottle but didn’t move. Instead, he remained in place, intently watching as she popped the lid and drank. The cool liquid eased her parched throat and helped to cool her body, if only a little.
He arched a brow. “Thirsty?”
“Hot,” she replied without thinking, then grimaced when she realized what she’d said. “I-I mean it’s hot in here.”
He looked as if he were going to smile, but his lips never quite made it into a grin. Instead, he eased onto the bed behind her. Without asking, he placed a hand on either shoulder and began kneading the muscles. She wanted to tell him to stop, to move away and give her some space, but his fingers dug into knots she didn’t know she had, loosening the kinks, relaxing her. The T-shirt she wore shifted up and down with his movements, reminding her of how little clothing she wore. The image of his hands sliding lower, snaking beneath the hem of her shirt, slithered into her brain and refused to leave until unsatisfied need heated her body. A flurry of shivers danced up her spine. She banished them away and glanced over her shoulder at him. “What kind of game are you playing, Teagan?”
He shook his head. “This isn’t a game, sweetheart.”
“Then what is it?” The huskiness in her voice betrayed her lack of control.
“Right now it’s me giving you a back rub.”
“And later?”
“Later I plan on having you under me, writhing in pleasure.”
She wasn’t sure what shocked her more, the bluntness of his statement or his assumption that she’d so easily go along with his plan.
“What makes you so sure I want to be under you?”
“You’re attracted to me, and more importantly, you want to.”
Her mouth opened but nothing came out. What an arrogant jerk he was to make such an assumption. “I-I’m not attracted to you,” she finally squeaked.
“If you’re not attracted to me, then why did you continue to watch the other night?”
She rocketed her head around and stared at him with wide eyes. “What?”
“You heard me. After you realized what was going on inside my bedroom, you didn’t flee. In fact, you stayed and watched for nearly the entire session.”
“I…I’ve never seen people have sex in real life before. It was fascinating.”
“On a level that you’d like to try it yourself?”
God help her, but she did. “First, we’ve already been over this topic, and second, that’s not an appropriate question to be asking.”
“You’re right, we have been over the subject, but I think it required more exploration.”
“Heathen,” she snapped and turned her attention to the window.
“Calling me names doesn’t change the subject, sweetheart.” His fingers brushed along the outside of her arms, his touch dancing across her skin with unspoken promises. “Could you picture yourself in Abby’s place, with me pounding into your sweet pussy while you sucked Talon’s cock?”
Her breathing sped up, betraying the air of calmness she tried to portray. “You’re being ridiculous,” she replied, knowing her words sounded heady and breathless.
“Am I?” With two fingers, he gently brushed the hair from her neck, allowing the warmth of his breath to whisper over her skin. “Or are you simply trying to salvage your pride by not admitting your true desires?”
“W-why would I do that?” she whispered as her eyes drifted shut.
“Because you, like so many others in life, have been conditioned to think such situations are wrong. There are dozens of different flavors of ice cream, sweetheart, so why should there be only one way to have sex?”
“I never said there was. It’s just, well, my fantasies, such as they are, are not for public discussion.” Before she could blink, he placed one big hand on her hip. The warmth of his skin seared right through the cotton of the shirt she wore. Her nipples hardened and scraped against the inside of her bra.
“I’m not the public, Kyrie.”
“No,” she whispered as his head slowly lowered to hers. “I suppose you aren’t.”
“Your nipples are hard.”
“I’m cold.”
“You just said a few minutes ago that you were hot.” He brushed his lips along the curve of her neck, sending desire rippling through her body. “So, which is it, sweetheart?”
She couldn’t find her voice, and even if she could speak, her brain had all but shut off from the erotic touch of his lips against her skin.
“What would you do if I slid my hand underneath your shirt? Would you stop me?” Her pussy clenched, and her clit swelled as a rush of liquid heat pooled in her panties. “I don’t think you would.” As if to prove his point, he trailed his hands along her sides until he reached the bottom of her shirt. His fingers gathered the hem, pulling it higher until her panties showed. “I think you’d beg me to keep going.”
“Beast,” she shot back, but the word sounded more akin to a groan than any real protest.
“Maybe. But right now, I’m your beast.”
“Why in the world would I want an arrogant beast of a man?” It was everything she could do to keep her voice steady as she spoke when her insides were so painfully aroused it hurt to talk.
“Because you know that only a beast like me can satisfy you. Even as we’re talking, you’re thinking about all the things I would do to your body if you allowed me to and weighing your options.” He trailed soft kisses over the nape of her neck, then gently bit her earlobe. “You can imagine feeling my hands against your skin, my mouth in places nearly untouched that both excites and frightens you.”
It was a good thing she was sitting since her legs trembled as a jolt of excitement shot from her ear to her breasts, then straight down to her toes. Somehow, she was wetter than she’d ever been.
“Admit it, Kyrie. Admit you want me, and I’ll make all those wicked thoughts of yours come true.”
She shifted to face him and instantly realized her mistake when their eyes locked and something inside her caved. She wanted this, wanted him, and she’d allow him to take her.
“Okay, I want you, but that doesn’t mean I like you.”
“Duly noted.”
* * * * *
Teagan’s mind screamed for him to stand up and walk away before he did something stupid. With his cock as hard as a railroad spike, his body wasn’t in the mood to listen. He was going to take this as far as she’d allow and damn the consequences.
He crushed his mouth over hers and was more than pleased when her lips parted in invitation. Greedy for more, he deepened the kiss, flicking his tongue over hers as a passionate hunger settled over him. Damn it, he wanted her more than he wanted his next breath. If she decided to call a halt to this, he might just cry like a baby.
Seeing just how far he could push her, he slid one hand under her shirt and palmed her breast, rubbing the nipple through the soft fabric of her bra with the pad of his thumb.
Her back arched, thrusting her breast into his touch, confirming his suspicion. No matter what she argued, she really did want him
He broke the kiss, and her desire-filled eyes blinked in confusion. “Why did you stop?”
“I didn’t.” Without another word, he lifted the T-shirt over her head and tossed it aside. A second later, her bra followed, and Teagan sent up a thank-you when he caught sight of the creamy skin covering the slope of her breast. Temptation won out. He eased her down onto the bed, then lowered his head and covered her breast with his mouth.
A gasp tore out of her throat, fueling his need. He licked the underside of one breast, then kissed his way up to her nipple before sucking it hard into his mouth. The taste of her mixed with his desire until he wanted to eat her alive.
For a few more minutes, he contented himself with teasing her breasts until her nipples were plump peaks and her breathing shallow. Licking his way down her stomach, he paused to swirl his tongue around her navel.
Using his fingers, he hooked her panties and peeled them over her hips. It didn’t surprise him that she’d left her undergarments on. Modest, she would have wanted a barrier, as flimsy as it might be, between them. He pulled the cotton down her legs and let it drop unceremoniously to the floor with her other clothes.
Then he nudged her thighs apart and gazed upon her most intimate place. He stared at the neatly trimmed patch of hair covering her mound and couldn’t imagine a more beautiful sight. “You have a gorgeous pussy, darling. I’m going to enjoy sucking on it until you come.”
Her body visibly shivered, and he grinned. Oh yeah, he was going to enjoy this a lot. Drawing out both their anticipation, he slid closer and lowered his head to her mound, and he slaked his tongue over her swollen clit. She shivered. He licked again and was rewarded with a moan. “Please,” she begged.
“Please, what?” he taunted, knowing full well what she wanted.
“I need more. I need you.”
“All in due time, darling. All in due time.” He wanted nothing more than to bury his cock deep in her sweet body, but first he was going to make it good for her. Almost from the first moment they met, he’d wondered what she’d look like in the throes of a climax. Now that he had his chance, he was damn well going to find out.
Ignoring her whimpers of protest, he lowered his head a second time and began tracing her labia with the tip of his tongue. He licked a wet line down her slit, then indulged in a moment of satisfaction when she cried out as he shoved his tongue inside her pussy. She tasted so sweet, all woman with just a hint of pineapple.
“Oh God,” she gasped.
She writhed as he drew out the torment with languid, torturous licks and soft, featherlight kisses. Then his libido would kick up a notch, and he’d tongue her hard, sucking her clit between his lips. He slid one finger deep inside her, only to withdraw the moment she let loose a gasp.
“Damn you, Teagan.” 
He chuckled at her response, then once again brought her to the brink only to pull her back a second time, a third time, and a fourth. Her head thrashed from side to side, and her legs shook, yet he refused to allow her to come. The minutes ticked by as he continued to tease her until she was nothing more than a quivering mass of raw nerves and unintelligible cries. Now! Now it was time to show her how good making love could be.
With his gaze set on her, he leaned in and pressed his mouth against her clit, then shoved two fingers deep inside her pussy. She clamped down on his fingers, pulling them farther inside as her body went rigid. She keened, the sound causing his cock to swell with anticipation. She thrashed about, her incoherent cries filling the cabin as her channel spasmed around his invading fingers. It was hands down the most beautiful sight he’d ever seen in his life.
Aftershocks rocked through her body until she did little more than moan in response. Lucky for her, Teagan was far from through. With an overwhelming need to be buried between those lush legs, he made quick work of his jeans, shucking them off and taking only a moment to snatch the two condoms he kept in his wallet before he tossed them aside.
He hadn’t planned on sleeping with her tonight. Truth be told, he’d been mad as hell at her when he’d set out for the cabin just two short hours ago. Somehow, time had morphed his anger into a sexual need so fierce it threatened to swamp him.
He stared down at her, all soft and satisfied with eyes closed, and his cock twitched, hardening even more, if that was even possible.
To hell with this waiting crap. He grabbed one condom, tore open the foil, and rolled it onto his shaft, then lowered his body between her thighs. He nudged her opening with the tip of his cock. She gasped, then let out an impatient sigh. “Please, Teagan.” Her pleading was going to be the death of him. Without preamble, he thrust hard, burying himself inside her tight little snatch. His vision tunneled, his entire body throbbing at the way her tight wetness surrounded his dick. “Jesus,” he ground out.
The contended feeling of being so deep within her wasn’t one he’d experienced, and a strange sense of rightness settled over him. It was almost like he’d found his home. Wasn’t that just scary as hell? One moment he was furious and couldn’t wait to have her out of his life, and the next he suddenly couldn’t imagine his life without her. Unaccustomed to such a roller coaster ride of emotions, Teagan did the only thing he could and pushed the emotions aside to focus on the present.
Kyrie’s arms wrapped around him, her fingernails digging into his shoulders. He started to move, thrusting forward so his entire length slid through her soft sheath, then pulling out before plunging back in again. He tried his best to go slow, but after just a couple of strokes, his resolve crumbled. Before long, he was driving into her, thrusting so hard she grunted with each stroke.
“Teagan!” Her cry of pleasure pierced through the last of his control, his climax rising up fast. Her pussy tightened, squeezing him as white-hot heat tore from his spine and burned through his balls.
“Sweetheart. I’m gonna—” His last word ended in a groan as he came in a violent explosion that rattled his teeth and made spots float before his eyes. He could do little more than grunt as his cock jerked, filling the barrier between them.
With barely enough energy to move, he pulled out and collapsed on the bed next to her, then eventually he managed to roll out of bed and dispose of the condom. He turned back and paused, taking in the sight of her, all soft and glowing. Male pride nearly caused him to puff out his chest in victory. Yeah, he’d caused that.
The bed sank beneath him as he crawled up next to her. Snuggly and satisfied, she burrowed against his shoulder and almost immediately drifted off. More content than he’d been in years, he tucked an arm around her and settled in for the night. Maybe before they left in the morning, he would take her again and then again after that. He doubted he’d ever get tired of losing himself inside her sweet body. That thought had him frowning as Talon’s earlier words echoed in his head. Was it possible his brother had been right?
Chapter Nine

Rain continued its rhythmic beat on the cabin’s roof, creating white noise that helped to put Kyrie at ease. The flicker of the fire burning in the hearth provided just enough illumination for her to see. Feeling safe, warm, and for the first time in years, completely satisfied, she burrowed deeper into Teagan’s arms.
Having sex with him hadn’t been part of her plan, but damn if she could find a reason to be upset by the turn of events which led her down this path. While she might find his business persona egotistical and overbearing, Teagan Werner as a lover was everything she’d ever dreamed of in a man.
What a contrast there was between her ex-husband, Roy, and Teagan. While they had several characteristics in common, including a severe stubborn streak and attitude galore, Teagan seemed to be a more considerate, more caring individual. Roy was only ever interested in how a situation would benefit him.
The biggest difference between the men, besides their looks, was their ability in bed. Roy’s style reminded her of the saying wham, bam, thank you, ma’am, as he was in and out before she’d even had a chance to work up the slightest excitement. In the end, that had been a good thing, since she’d come to hate touching him for any reason. Sex with Roy, while painful in nature, had been blessedly short.
“What are you thinking about?” Teagan’s deep tenor danced over her skin.
“How can you tell I’m thinking about anything when you can’t see my face?”
“Your shoulders are tensing up.”
“Oh.”
“So, what’s going through that mind of yours?”
“Nothing really.”
A big hand landed on Kyrie’s shoulder and rolled her onto her back. His face turned menacing in nature in the flicker of light. She barely suppressed the urge to recoil in fear.
“One thing I will not tolerate in a relationship is lying,” he said, his voice level and low as he spoke. “Now let’s try this again. Tell me what you were thinking about just now.”
“How there could be such a difference between two men when it comes to sex.”
His frown tilted upward until he nearly smiled. “Well, after what just took place, I know I’m one of the two men, so who’s the other?”
“My ex-husband.”
The almost-smile he wore disappeared, and Teagan pulled away. He sat up and raked a hand through his disheveled hair. “You were married?”
Fearful of losing the moment, she nodded. “Is that a problem?”
“Well, no, but I do think that’s the kind of information a man should know before he takes a woman to bed.”
“I’m sorry, Teagan. It’s not like I intentionally hid him from you. He’s simply a part of my past I don’t like to talk about.”
“Why? What did…” His sentence trailed off as a dawning awareness came to his eyes. “He’s the reason why you want to open the retreat, isn’t he?”
Talking about Roy was always a painful endeavor, and as much as she might want to avoid the topic, it was time for some truths. “Yes. I suffered years of abuse at the hands of my ex-husband, Roy. One night he beat me unconscious. When I came to, I was in the hospital emergency room with a member from the local women’s shelter sitting by my side.”
She sat up and folded her hands in her lap before looking at Teagan. “Through all the beatings, he’d never hurt me as bad as he did that night. So, with the help of the Battered Women’s Alliance, I never looked back. That was five years ago.”
“I’m sorry.” Teagan scooted closer, wrapped an arm around Kyrie, pulling her against his chest. “No matter how mad you’ve made me, it would never be justification to strike you. In fact”—he brushed his lips over her hair—“I’d like very much to make you forget I even asked.”
She grinned. “I think I’d like that too.”
* * * * *
Much to Teagan’s surprise, she turned to the side, wrapped an arm around his neck, and kissed him. The move sent a jolt of electricity racing through him, and he tightened his hold. Hot, pliant, and with no hesitation, she swiped her tongue along his lower lip, begging for more. He gave her more and then some, opening his mouth to deepen the kiss.
Her next move sent a second shock wave rippling through his system. With both hands, she shoved at his shoulders, sending him back onto the pillow. A devilish smile tipped her lips as she looked down at him. “I’ve decided that I’ve completely lost my mind.”
“Why, because you’re having sex with me?”
She nodded. “Well, there is that, but mostly because I can’t stop thinking about wanting to give you a blowjob.” She shook her head and sent her raven tresses flying. “I’ve never liked sucking cock, but ever since I saw Abby with you, I’ve wanted to.”
Teagan didn’t bother to hold back his groan. He wrapped a hand around his now throbbing dick and trying to ease some of the pressure, gave a long slow stroke. “Jealous, were you?”
She shrugged. “Maybe a little, but only because I knew I couldn’t join you.”
He hadn’t thought it possible that he could get any harder than he already was, but the skin beneath his palm stretched and widened with her words. Just the idea of her being willing to join the three of them the other night had his mind spinning with possibilities. “It wasn’t that you couldn’t, but more because you were afraid. We would have been happy to let you in on the fun.”
She eased down the bed until her face was in line with his crotch, then grinned as she worked her hand beneath his and gave his dick one long stroke. “Maybe next time I will.”
Then she rendered him speechless by first licking the sensitive underside of his shaft, then taking his entire length into her wet mouth.
If there was a better place on earth to be at that moment, Teagan couldn’t think of where it would be. Hell, he couldn’t think at all with Kyrie’s pouty lips wrapped around his cock. Her head bobbed slightly as she sucked and licked over his flesh. She released him with a pop, then flicked her tongue over the ruddy head, paying special attention to the weeping drops emerging from his slit.
Teagan groaned a second time and dropped his head onto the pillow, then covered his eyes with his arm as his body writhed and jerked. The impending monsoon was building, and when it finally broke, it was going to be one hell of a ride. Warm, wet heat engulfed his shaft a second time. One time too many as it turned out. The damn broke, and the familiar burn of climax rushed over him. “Kyrie, I’m coming,” he managed to grunt mere seconds before he thrust upward.
Instead of pulling back, she took him deeper and swallowed as cum burst from his body in an explosion so powerful he nearly blacked out. He was barely able to breathe as his hips gave awkward little jerks, pouring every bit of his seed into her hungry mouth. When she’d finally milked him dry, she gave his shaft one last lick, then let go, sitting back on her heels with a wily grin. “That was more fun than I imagined.”
Too drained to move, Teagan opened one eye to stare at her. “I can’t remember the last time I came so hard. Hell, if this becomes habit, I may die an early death.”
“Maybe.” She snuggled up against him. “But I promise you’ll die a happy man.”
* * *
By eleven o’clock the next morning, the rain had stopped, and Teagan was ready to head back. Kyrie made the bed while he tamped out the fire. Later he’d send someone back to restock the cabin so it would be ready for whomever might need it next.
“It’s so peaceful out here I almost don’t want to go back,” she said from behind him.
“It’s easy to get caught up in the serenity of the country. Unfortunately, we all have obligations.”
She sighed. “You’re right, of course, but that doesn’t stop me from dreaming.”
The wistfulness in her tone caused Teagan to pause. He studied her with a new admiration. Despite her past, she managed to hold on to hope and ambition and pull herself out of the abyss where others might have returned.
There was so much he didn’t know about Kyrie, and he realized his attraction toward her had grown to be more than just the physical. He looked forward to learning more about the woman who may have very well captured his heart.
“You know, I was thinking.”
“About what?” Making sure the fire was completely out, he turned over the ash in the fireplace.
“After seeing the land firsthand, I don’t think it will need nearly as much prep work as I originally thought. If you’d reconsider selling it to me, I think I could probably pay your asking price for it.”
Disbelief coursed through his system as he stared blankly at her. No way was she talking about real estate now. “What?”
She cocked her head to the side and took a seat on top of the freshly made bed. “Well, I figure after what we shared last night, you might be willing to reconsider selling me the land, and after seeing it, I’m pretty sure I’d need less reserve for construction, so I could offer you more.”
The perfection of the moment slowly slid away as reality clawed its way back in. From the moment she walked into his office, he’d known she was a shrewd businesswoman. Was it possible he’d miscalculated just how far she’d go to get what she wanted? He couldn’t have possibly fallen in love overnight, so why did the idea of her manipulating him sit so heavy on his chest? “You think our having sex changes my mind about selling?”
“No. Of course not. Our having sex is completely separate from business. I simply thought now that you knew me a little better and understood my reasons for wanting the land, you might reconsider your position, especially if I offered you full price.”
Remorse blended with heartache, and both emotions collided with frustration, creating a perfect storm of emotions coursing through his system. He should have known the situation was too good to be true. Hell, he’d played on people’s emotions in order to close deals, but even he wouldn’t have used sex as a weapon in business. To even consider she’d used him in such a manner hurt more than he could imagine. Why was it so hard for him to find a woman to love him for who he was and not what he owned? Allowing his insecurities to dominate his emotions, he turned on her. “So, this was all some elaborate setup?”
Her brow knit in confusion. “What are you talking about?”
He returned the fire poker to the stand and picked up his now dry clothing from the chair. “I’m talking about calling me for help instead of 911 after you conveniently got lost in woods you had no business being in to start. This”—he raised his arms and motioned to the room—“was nothing more than a ruse to get me into bed so I’d change my mind and sell the land to you.” He began clapping. “Bravo, Ms. Hart, what a stellar performance.”
Glassy-eyed, she shook her head in denial. “That’s not how it was at all. Please, Teagan. You have to believe me.”
“I believe you had your mind made up about this land from the very beginning, and you’d do just about anything to get what you want.”
“You’re wrong,” she argued. “And you’re being completely unfair.”
Teagan angled a finger against his chest. “I’m being unfair? I’m not the one who waltzed into my office demanding I sell land that wasn’t for sale. And I’m certainly not the one who lied about her past with the hopes it might change my mind. I bet you weren’t even married. Let alone abused.”
As if he’d physically struck her, she sucked in a strangled breath, and tears began to stream down her cheeks. “How dare you.” She stood and took a step toward him, venom, and pain clear in her eyes. Pain? Was it possible he’d been wrong in his accusation? He gave the thought a mental shake. Women were calculating creatures and capable of turning emotion on and off like a light switch. For all he knew, she was still playing him, trying to get what she wanted.
“You know nothing about what I suffered,” she spat. “You sit up here in your mansion, surrounding yourself with employees to do your bidding. You probably don’t even know what it’s like to suffer at the hands of another. Hell, the entire town of Bethlehem bows down to you and your brother, and from what I’ve heard, they always have. The lives you lead in this town are not indicative of what goes on in the real world.”
“I don’t know what the real world is like?” Teagan shoved his extra clothing down in the pack, then snatched the thermos off the table and threw it inside the bag. “Don’t you dare stand there and pontificate about my life when you don’t have a fucking clue about what I’ve been through.” He dragged a hand through his hair as he struggled to get his anger under control. “How dare you,” he retorted. “You think my life was all wine and roses growing up? Well, it wasn’t. Try living with people who barely acknowledge your existence but had the nerve to place unreasonable expectations on your shoulders. Try spending every waking minute of your day constantly seeking and not receiving approval from the two people who meant more to you than anyone else in the world. Then have your parents suddenly vanish from your life, leaving a void so large you don’t think it will ever be filled.”
“I’m sorry you lost your parents, Teagan, but you can’t begin to stand there and compare your life with mine.”
“The hell I can’t.” He scrubbed a hand over his face and drew in a deep breath. Screaming at each other was getting them nowhere. “Yes, Talon and I grew up with the best clothing, toys, and food money could buy. So what? That never did and still doesn’t make up for the emotional abandonment by our parents. Just because you can’t see our scars doesn’t mean they don’t exist. In some ways, our emotional abuse was just as harmful as the physical violence you’re working to stop.”
“You talk about growing up constantly seeking the approval of your parents. Well, try waking up every day knowing you’ll do something to anger the only person who matters in your pitiful little life. Try convincing the ER doctor that you just fell down the steps for the third time in a year when he knows better. Try keeping him from calling the police for fear your spouse will blame you for rousing suspicion.”
“I’m not downplaying the torment you may or may not have suffered or that others do suffer, but money doesn’t buy everything, Kyrie. It doesn’t buy approval, and it certainly doesn’t buy love.”
“Easy for you to say when you have so much of it,” she countered. “If some of the abused women I’ve seen had just a fraction of your money, they wouldn’t have to stay with the men who continue to hurt them. Money gets them out of a bad situation.” Tears streamed down her cheeks, nearly melting the hard shell around his heart. Unsure of what he was trying to accomplish other than to stop the fight, Teagan reached for her, only to have her step back. “Don’t you dare placate me,” she snapped and wiped the tears from her eyes. “The last thing I want, or need is your pity.”
Her quick jab caused his emotions to flare yet again. Sparring with her was like wrestling with a porcupine, and he was tired of getting stuck with the quills. “Oh really? You tell me some sob story about how bad your life has been, hoping to play on my sympathies so I’ll lower my price, yet you don’t want my pity. Good grief, Kyrie, could you be more of a hypocrite?”
* * * * *
Years of pent-up pain, frustration, and anger boiled over. They’d already spewed accusations at each other neither could nor would take back. What little relationship they’d begun, they’d ground into dust with their words of hate. There would be little chance of rebuilding anything after what they’d said. That realization made her heart hurt from the loss of what might have been.
“Not once since our first meeting have I asked you to lower your price on the land. Hell, until just a few moments ago, I hadn’t even mentioned the property, and after seeing the land firsthand, I’m willing to pay your original price.”
“Let’s talk about that for a moment, shall we.” He leveled his gaze on her. “You didn’t have permission to step foot on this land. I could have you arrested for trespassing.”
His comment was like a slap to the face, and she fought not to show him any more weakness. “Trespassing? You can’t possibly be serious.”
“I’m completely serious.”
“I’d like to see you make those charges stick when I’m sure there are hunters crossing your land and strangers who probably go horseback riding through here all the time.” She angled her hands on her hips. “Not to mention your brother and sister-in-law might have issues with your decision. Besides, even if I’d asked for permission, would you have given it?”
He opened his mouth to speak, then quickly closed it, leaving the unspoken words hanging between them.
She lifted her chin and stared him directly in the eye. “I was wrong, but I’m not some manipulative shrew who would sleep with a man to get what she wants.”
His eyes widened in hurt and frustration. “You don’t actually expect me to believe that offering to buy the acreage for full price after we slept together wasn’t a calculated move on your part?”
His inability to believe the two events weren’t planned cut her deep. Maybe her timing of the discussion was off, but she wasn’t the scheming bitch he believed her to be. His refusal to think otherwise was almost more than she could handle. “It’s the truth,” she spat as she furiously wiped the tears from her eyes. For the briefest of moments, she’d envisioned her perfect life, and in one fell swoop, he’d crushed her hopes before they’d fully formed. Even if he somehow managed to sell her the land, remaining in Bethlehem wasn’t an option. Being so close to him would simply be too painful.
He folded his arms across his chest and glared. “Truth or not, the land still isn’t for sale.”
“Fine. Now please take me back to the house.”
Chapter Ten

Kyrie steered her car up the driveway leading to Werner Farms and tried to ignore the need to vomit. After their fight, it had been hell having to wrap her arms around him during the quad ride back to where their vehicles were parked. They hadn’t spoken a word the entire ride back. Once they reached her car, she’d uttered an insincere “Thank you” and scurried for her vehicle.
Why in the hell hadn’t she foreseen this problem? She’d been so enraptured with the idea of what having the land would be she’d allowed dreams to replace reality. The sudden opportunity to build a relationship with Teagan threw a wrench into her plans but hadn’t derailed them completely. If only she’d taken some time to analyze her feelings for him before blurting out her idea, she might have found a better way to handle the situation. Now she didn’t have the land or the man. She put the car in park and pressed a finger to her throbbing head. God, she’d just made such a mess of things.
She climbed from her car, slammed the door, and walked to the house. Since she was sure she’d more than worn out her welcome, it was probably time for her to pack up and go. Leaving her new friend brought pain to her heart. Of course, after Teagan told Abby his version of what she’d tried to do, it was likely Abby wouldn’t want to have anything to do with her either.
Kyrie opened the door and ran smack into Talon’s hard chest. She gasped and rocked back on her heels. “I’m so sorry.”
“No problem,” he replied, then narrowed his gaze on her. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” She shook her head. “Everything. I-I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Did Teagan do something wrong?”
“No. I did. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to go to my room.”
She didn’t wait for his reply, choosing instead to skirt around him and race through the kitchen. Better to hurry to her room and avoid any further conversations than to open her mouth and make things worse. Time. She needed some time to clear her mind and figure out if there was a way to fix this or if it really was too late.
Barely refraining from slamming the bedroom door, she plopped down on the bed and closed her eyes as a new wave of guilt swamped her. Because of Teagan and his magical hands, she hadn’t gotten much sleep. Maybe a nap would help to give her a fresh perspective on the situation.
Two hours later, she sat on the bed staring at the door. Sleep hadn’t provided the answers she hoped for as she’d spent the better part of the last few hours with her mind churning over their argument. She’d been so blinded by her mission to give back to the Alliance she’d allowed her judgment to be clouded by emotions. Even now she couldn’t get past her own remorse.
She only had one shot at fixing this, and that was to come clean. Talking about Roy’s murder was hard enough with people she trusted. Having known Teagan for such a short time, she’d been wary of telling him everything surrounding her abuse. Maybe being honest with him from the beginning would have been best, but she couldn’t change what was done.
Before she lost her nerve, Kyrie stood, walked to the door, opened it, and slowly made her way downstairs. Much to her relief, he was in his office, sitting at his desk, writing something in a book. Her heart plummeted at the realization her behavior spurred the deep lines of anger and pain etched into his face.
She knocked softly and nearly crumbled when his gazed settled on her, his eyes filled with hatred. “I have nothing to say to you,” he said, resuming his work.
Despite the scathing tone, she clearly detected pain in his voice. A pain she’d caused with her horrible timing and lack of trust. She’d forgotten just how easy it was to inflict harm on others in her bid to protect herself. “I didn’t expect you would,” she finally managed to say despite the lump in her throat. She took a tentative step inside the room. It took a lot for her to come here, and by God, he was going to hear her out, even if it didn’t change a thing. “You don’t have to talk. You only need to listen.”
He shook his head but didn’t look up. “I’m done listening too.”
“Teagan, please.” She waited, hoping he would meet her stare. When he didn’t, she sighed and continued. “You’re furious with me and rightly so. It was wrong of me to trespass on your land. It was worse of me to put the property above our relationship.”
Silence met her admission, and her confidence crumbled a little. “I’m sorrier than you can imagine for what I said to you. If I had the chance to go back and change things, I would, and I’d start by sharing all of my past with you and not just the parts I wanted you to know.”
“I suppose I should thank you for being so magnanimous.”
His words cut her deep. Couldn’t he see how hard this was for her? She sucked in a deep breath against the pain. “Okay, I deserved that.” She gripped the top of the wingback chair and dug her fingers into the fabric. “I’d like to explain.”
“What’s to explain?” He tossed his pen on the desk and leaned back in his chair, his attention now focused entirely on her. “You wanted the land so badly you were willing to do whatever it took, even if it meant doing something immoral.”
She shook her head. “That’s not true. I would have never intentionally done something so low. Please, Teagan, I need you to believe me when I say making love to you was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Sharing with you parts of myself I’ve kept closed for so long has made me realize just how easy it is to fall in love when you find the right person.”
Hurt and anger streaked across his face. “How dare you use love as a ploy to shift my focus from the real issue.”
“It’s not a ploy.”
He waved a dismissive hand at her. “I’m sick of the lies, Kyrie, but then I guess you’re used to lying to get what you want.”
“What do you mean?”
“I didn’t get where I am by being stupid about the people. As soon as we got back, I called my lawyer and had him do a little investigating.” He stood, and in two strides, he crossed the room to stand in front of her, anger, and betrayal evident on his face. “Funny how he didn’t have to look too hard to find out all about you. Maybe the Colorado Battered Women’s Alliance should have been more judicious in their bid to hide the details of your past life, Mrs. Kirsten Schwinn.”
Fear crept up her spine until the fine hairs on her neck stood on end. “Nobody was trying to hide anything, but it was an important part of my recovery for me to put everything in the past.”
“I understand, but I have a real issue with a woman who first lies about her name and then fails to tell me she killed her previous husband.”
His words sounded so bitter, so hate-filled she took a step back in retreat as old fears slowly resurfaced. She could almost feel the violence radiating off his frame. “I—He was drunk and angry, and like so many other nights, he took it out on me. After a while, the pain made everything blend until it took me under, and I passed out.” She shivered at the fragmented memories from that night. Even now so much of it remained nothing more than a blur.
She wrapped her arms around her middle in a vain attempt at self-comfort and forged on. There wasn’t any going back, and he deserved to know everything she did. “When I finally regained consciousness, I found myself handcuffed to the hospital bed with a police officer stationed outside my door. They said I’d stabbed my husband in the heart with a steak knife.”
The lack of reaction on his face made her shiver in fear. Did he not believe her, or did he just not care? “And you don’t remember any of it?” he finally asked.
“I know it’s hard for you to believe, but no.” She shook her head. “I remember the fight started in the kitchen, but I don’t remember when or how I managed to get ahold of the knife. Thankfully after the police completed their investigation, they deemed it self-defense and the prosecutor’s office dropped the charges. When his family began threatening me, the Colorado Battered Women’s Alliance helped me with a new identity and set me up in a new town. Keeping my old name buried is a necessity.”
“And you didn’t think that information might be important to share with a potential new beau?”
“I-I didn’t know if you’d understand.”
“You didn’t know if I’d understand the need for you to escape from some sick fuck who used his fists on you? You really don’t think much of me, do you, Kyrie?”
“That’s not true,” she argued. “I do. I think very highly of you.”
“You have a funny way of showing it.”
“Teagan, please.”
He turned away to head back to his desk. “You know the way out.”
Being summarily dismissed hurt more than she could have imagined. “Don’t do this, Teagan. I know I’ve handled all of this badly. I’m more regretful than you’ll ever know for everything I’ve said and done.”
“So am I. Now if you don’t mind, I have real work to do.”
Panic lit a raging fire in her chest. “No, Teagan…I just need you to believe one thing before I go.”
“What could you possibly have to say that would sway my opinion?”
“I’m falling in love with you. It’s not a lie or a ploy, and if giving up my bid for the land is the only way for you to believe me, then you can keep it.” There, she’d said it.
His eyes flared for only a moment, but his posture remained stoic, refusing to betray even a hint of emotion.
She continued when he remained silent. “As you know, at first, my reasons for wanting the land were entirely based on the retreat. Then as I got to know you, to spend time with you, I suddenly had this fantasy of running the retreat on that land and living here with you.”
He shook his head. “You could have purchased the property on the other end of town and still been close to me. Hell, Kyrie, we probably could have actually pulled off something close to a real relationship if you’d just been honest with me. Instead, you chose to not only go behind my back but lie to me in the process.”
“Does that mean you had feelings for me too?”
He rolled his eyes skyward. “Yes, before I found out you deceived me. Truth be told, I’m more than a little hurt by your actions, and honestly, I don’t think there’s any fixing that.”
Her heart sank with his words, but then what exactly had she expected? Maybe deep down she’d hoped he would forgive all her indiscretions. She’d been naive and idealistic to think such a thing. He hadn’t become a successful businessman by bending to everyone else’s will.
“You’re right, and I wouldn’t expect you to,” she lied as she took a retreating step. It was time to leave, to put this part of her life behind her and refocus her efforts on why she’d come here. “I just wanted you to have all the facts.” She angled a thumb toward the door. “I’ll go now and let you get back to work.” She turned to go, then, barely managing to hold back the tears, she stopped and glanced over her shoulder. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“For being a part of my life. I’m a better person for having known you.” Before she managed to flee his office, the tears she’d been holding broke loose and streamed down her cheeks. She didn’t want to look like some helpless, weepy woman. No, she’d played that part before, to no avail. Yet as hard as she tried, her feelings for him overflowed and spilled out, bringing with them a new kind of pain.
Hand over her mouth, she raced for the steps and back up to her room. She slammed the bedroom door behind her and headed for the closet. She’d screwed up the one thing that had come to matter more than building the retreat. Unfortunately for her, there wasn’t any way to make it better. Her only choice now was to leave and not look back.
* * *
Still ruminating over the words he’d had with Kyrie, Teagan inspected the feed delivery for signs of mold or contamination. After the last shipment of hay, he wasn’t taking any chances. Sick cows would harm milk production and eventually hurt his bottom line. Trying to keep his mind on the task at hand, he picked up a handful of grain and sniffed. “Appears good to me.” He nodded to the storage facility. “Off-load this into the empty grain bin. Better to keep it separate until we can get a look at the grain on the bottom of the load.”
“Right, boss. Will do.” The worker climbed back into the truck and drove toward the grain bin at the end of the row.
“What in the hell did you say to Kyrie?”
Teagan turned on his heel, only to find Abby standing a few feet away. Hand on hips, head cocked to one side, she looked angry enough to spit fire.
“What are you doing out of bed? Does Talon know you’re out here?”
“No, Talon doesn’t know. Now what did you say to Kyrie?”
“No offense, sweetheart, but that’s between Kyrie and me. Now you need to get back to bed before Talon has both our heads.”
“Damn it, Teagan, I’m not dying, I’m pregnant. Now stop treating me like an invalid and explain to me why Kyrie is packing to leave. All she told me was she’d screwed up big-time, and she needed to go. Apparently, she’s going to get a room at the Travel Inn over in Red Rock until she leaves on Friday.”
“Good, because she’s no longer welcome here.”
“Like hell she’s not,” Abby argued. “I thought you two were getting along quite nicely.”
“That was before she showed me who she really was.” When Abby started to speak again, Teagan held up a hand to stop her. “Don’t ask me what I meant by that because I’m not telling. You want to know what really happened, then go ask the woman pretending to be your friend.”
“She’s not pretending, and I don’t have to ask her anything, Teagan.” Abby glanced over her shoulder toward the house, then turned her attention back to him. “She’s been through a hell much worse than anything I’ve suffered, and I’m sure whatever she did to get away was more than justified.” Her eyes grew misty and a little sad. “She showed me the copies of her medical records and some of the photos documenting her abuse. She’s lucky to be alive after what that bastard put her through. You have no right to pass judgment without understanding her situation.”
“And how in the hell am I supposed to do that when she’ll only share parts of her past with me? You know as well as I do a real relationship is based on honesty and complete trust. Do you really expect me to trust her when she won’t do the same with me?”
“All I’m saying is try to understand the situation from her point of view before you condemn her for her actions.”
He let out a sigh, closed the distance between them, pulled Abby into a hug, and kissed the top of her head. “Okay. I’ll make you a deal. If I work to understand her side of the story, will you get your ass back to bed and rest?”
Her frown all but disappeared as she looked up at him. “You have yourself a deal.”
“Good, because that’s my niece or nephew you’re carrying, and I don’t want to see anything bad happen to either one of you.”
She hugged him back, then finally pulled away. “I know you’re worried about getting hurt, but sometimes you have to go through the bad things to know how good the good things really are.” She lifted a hand to cup his cheek. “You have such a great spirit, Teagan. Don’t let your mind dictate what your heart wants.”
Chapter Eleven

Teagan pulled into the small parking lot and put his truck in park. The only way he was going to understand Kyrie and her obsession with this retreat was to do what Abby had said and see the world from a different perspective. After thinking long and hard, he refused to believe she’d been capable of orchestrating the last two weeks simply to blackmail him. Deep down, he cared for the woman, and apparently by her confession of love, she cared for him also. So, what was it that had driven her to destroy their fledgling relationship?
With any luck, the building sitting before him would hold the answers. He pushed open the door and stepped out into the chilly morning air. Coming here hadn’t been on the top of his to-do list, but after his fight with Kyrie and the subsequent debate with Abby, he was compelled to do this.
When he walked through the front door, he was struck by the normalcy of the structure. What he expected to see and what he saw didn’t coincide.
A petite woman with fire-engine red hair sat behind a tiny desk to his right. She looked up and smiled. “Welcome to the Sugarman House. Can I help you?”
“Yes. I’m Teagan Werner. I’m looking for Ms. Babcock.”
“Oh yes, Mr. Werner. She is expecting you. Please have a seat while I fetch her.”
A few moments later, a rather tall middle-aged brunette appeared in the interior doorway. “Mr. Werner.” She extended a hand to shake as she approached. “I’m Ms. Babcock. It’s very nice to meet you.”
“You too.” Teagan took her hand and was surprised by the strength of her grip. Usually women had dainty handshakes, but Ms. Babcock’s could rival that of a Fortune 500 CEO.
“We are very pleased you chose to investigate our facility. If I understand my assistant correctly, a friend of yours is opening a similar one in your hometown?”
“Yes. She’s very excited about this project and…well, I don’t share her enthusiasm.”
“And why would that be, Mr. Werner?”
Feeling like a heel, Teagan shrugged. “I’m not sure. I guess maybe I just don’t appreciate the significance of it all. Which is why I’m here. I want to understand her passion, and since I don’t get the full impact of all this, a friend suggested I see it for myself.”
At his statement, she smiled. “Well, we’re happy to help you understand, Mr. Werner. I wish more people were like you and would take the initiative to learn about domestic abuse.”
She motioned behind her to the interior door. “Let’s start with a tour of the facilities, and then maybe I can find a couple of women who might be willing to talk with you. There’s nothing like getting a firsthand account from the victims.”
Two hours later, Teagan sat with three women inside the facility’s sunroom and sipped his coffee as he listened to them recount their tales. One woman, by the name of Allison, wore a cast on her wrist protecting a fracture so bad the doctors had to put a plate and several screws in her arm just to hold the bones in place. The fact her soon-to-be ex-husband caused the damaged sickened Teagan at his core.
“For years I thought everything was my fault,” she began as she reached for a tissue. “Now I understand what happened to me wasn’t my fault, but that doesn’t stop me from feeling guilty.” She glanced at the other women sitting with her. “Like if I’d been a better wife, he wouldn’t have gotten violent with me. I feel like a failure in so many ways.”
The two other women nodded in agreement, and Caroline, a forty-something brunette with pretty eyes and deep worry lines, reached over to take Allison’s good hand. Then she turned her attention on Teagan. “We’ve all dealt with those feelings of guilt and inadequacy, Mr. Werner. The only difference between us and Allison is time and counseling.”
“Yes,” Angie, a young woman with two children, chimed in. “If it wasn’t for places like this, many of us would end up going back to our abusers. For me that would mean subjecting my children to my ex-husband’s whims and possibly completing the circle of violence. My oldest child was starting to act out and take on his father’s moods. This place has halted that process and given him the therapy he needs to see that what his father does is wrong.”
Teagan set his cup down on the small side table and shook his head. “I certainly don’t mean to belittle your situations, but has it occurred to anyone that these men who are causing the abuse might also need help?”
Caroline nodded. “I tried to get my husband to go to counseling, and he refused, saying that there was nothing wrong with him.”
Angie nodded. “Mine was the same way. They think if they admit that there’s anything wrong with them, it’s a sign of weakness.”
Allison wiped the tears from her eyes and sniffled. “It’s much easier for them to say, ‘I’m sorry’ after the fact, than it is to put forth the effort to actually change.” She looked at him with those sad eyes. “One thing I can tell you, Mr. Werner. Those two little words have become meaningless to me.”
Angie and Caroline both nodded in agreement. “I’m sorry for hitting you. I won’t do it again,” Angie said. “I can’t tell you how many times I heard and believed those words.”
“I’m so sorry. I’m just having a bad day,” Caroline added, her gaze meeting Teagan’s. “How many bad days can one person have? And when did it become acceptable for him to take it out on me?”
“So, the saying ‘Actions speak louder than words’ really does apply?” Teagan asked. He was beginning to see the source of Kyrie’s passion.
The three women all nodded in unison. “Words are meaningless, Mr. Werner,” Allison said. “Words are simple and easy. Anybody can tell you what you want to hear. Actions take effort and determination.”
“And for women like us,” Caroline chimed in, “actions are the only way to truly measure a person.”
An hour later, a somber Teagan climbed into his truck and drove back toward Bethlehem. With a fresh view on the subject, he realized how wrong he’d been and that simply going to Kyrie and apologizing wouldn’t be enough. Yes, she’d come to him with her figurative hat in hands and uttered those two little words. Saying “I’m sorry” was all she had to offer, and he’d rejected her, tossing her out like soured milk.
If he wanted to make things right between them, he’d have to make an impact. There was only one real way to do that, and as soon as he got home, he’d start the process.
While he might be heartbroken if she never forgave him, he could at the very least live guilt free, knowing he’d done the right thing.
* * *
Kyrie studied the purchasing agreement for the seventy-five acres located on the southeastern side of town. With its rolling hills and thick woods, the land wasn’t ideal, but she’d make it work. More importantly, the landowner was willing to sell for thirty-five hundred an acre, which would leave Kyrie with enough extra cash to hire a crew to clear the ground.
There was always the option of finding another town for her project, but she already had so many of the shop owners on board with her idea for using the town in job training and temporary housing she didn’t want to walk away. It really was a win-win situation for all involved, as the store owners would receive free advertising in the brochure, she planned to put together to promote the retreat, and women in need of jobs would learn a skill.
Even Abby, who had just opened her business only a few months ago and barely had enough patrons to support her venture, had agreed to take on at least one trainee. Of course, with her unexpected pregnancy, she’d certainly need the extra help.
A twinge of jealousy drifted over Kyrie as she leaned back in the chair and placed a hand over her belly. What would it be like to know a life was growing inside her? At the age of thirty-three, she only had a few more viable years for pregnancy, and with no man in her life, the chances of having a child grew dimmer with each passing day.
She’d even allowed her imagination to indulge in the fantasy of her and Teagan together, but after their last argument, that wouldn’t happen either. No way could she possibly get involved with a man who didn’t respect or even believe in her dreams.
She sighed and turned her attention back to her checklist. Maybe getting married and having a happy family just wasn’t meant to be for her. Maybe her efforts were meant to be spent helping others.
A soft knocking on her door caused Kyrie to frown as she glanced up at the clock. Who would be here this time of night? Taking a moment to check the peephole, she rocked back on her heels in shock. What was Talon doing here? She took her time unlatching the chain before opening the door. “Talon?”
“Hi, Kyrie. Listen, I know it’s late, but I have some paperwork here Teagan wanted you to have before you returned to Baltimore tomorrow.”
Anger, frustration, and grief all streaked through her system, and she angled a hand on her hip. “Why didn’t he bring them himself?”
Talon’s grin reminded her so much of Teagan she wanted to cry. “He figured after the fight you two had, he would be the last person you’d want to see.”
“He figured right.” She motioned to the large envelope in Talon’s hand. “What’s that?”
Talon held the manila envelope out to her. “It’s for you.”
“What is it?”
Talon shrugged. “How should I know? I’m just the messenger.” His grin widened. “I have to go. Abby’s still not feeling well, and I have to get back to take care of her.”
“I don’t think I ever told you congratulations.”
“Thank you. I never thought I’d be so excited about having a baby, but I am. I’m scared shitless, but I’m thrilled all the same.”
The jealousy she’d experienced moments earlier returned in force. If she and Teagan had managed to stay together, would he have been as happy if she’d become pregnant? She shook away the speculation and jealousy. Despite her broken heart, she needed to stay focused on the task at hand. “I’m happy for you both and tell Abby I hope she feels better soon.”
His entire face lit up as he spoke. “The doctor says once she’s out of her first trimester, she should start feeling better, but I’ll tell her. Good-bye, Kyrie, and good luck.”
“Thank you, Talon.”
He closed the door behind him, leaving Kyrie once again alone.
With a storm of new emotions churning inside, she turned and walked back to the tiny desk and sat. What could Teagan possibly have sent her, especially after their argument? She opened the envelope, pulled the document free, and set her gaze on the letter on top of a thick stack of papers.
Kyrie,
I know saying I’m sorry doesn’t mean much to you, but I do want to apologize for being a jerk to you the other day. Even more so, I’m sorry for not believing in you or your work. It was wrong of me to belittle what you’re trying to accomplish. Please accept the enclosed documents as my way of making amends. Attached you will find the deed and all necessary paperwork transferring ownership of the property on Amber Mill Road from Werner Farms to your organization. No monetary compensation is necessary, as you will see in the enclosed document this action is a gift and will be treated as such. Good luck with your retreat. I’m sure with your knowledge and passion you’ll make it a huge success.
Love,
Teagan
With glassy eyes, she reread the letter twice more before thumbing through the paperwork. As promised, the IRS gifting letter was included with the other documents, making the transfer official. She lifted a hand to her mouth as the tears came, blurring her vision until she could no longer see the print. She would have gladly paid him for the land using the money she’d acquired, but to have him gift it to her meant so much more than words could begin to express. He not only believed in her dream but believed in her ability to make it come true.
Did this mean he’d forgiven her for her transgressions? Even if he hadn’t, she had to do the right thing and thank him in person.
Chapter Twelve

Teagan picked up a bale of hay and hauled it over to the edge of the flatbed trailer where his foreman, Charlie, waited to place it on the stack inside the shed. “So far so good,” Charlie spoke up.
“Yeah.” Teagan wiped his brow. Despite the chill in the air, he’d managed to work up a good sweat. “They looked good before too, until we reached the interior. Then it all turned to shit.”
“Have you given any more thought to growing our own feed?”
Teagan nodded. “I have, and I’m working out the details.” The sound of tires crunching over gravel had him casting a glance over Charlie’s shoulder toward the entry drive. There he spotted Talon’s 4x4 pulling up to the end of the drive. The passenger door opened, and Kyrie emerged.
She’s here! His heart stuttered and then sped up. “Take over for me, Charlie. I need to tend to something.” Without waiting for his foreman’s reply, he jumped down from the trailer and strolled over to where she waited, manila envelope in hand.
He stopped mere feet from where she stood and forced back the urge to reach for her. “What are you doing here?”
A small smile tipped her lips. “I went to the house looking for you, and Abby said you were out here. I really wanted to talk to you, so she offered to drive me. I hope you don’t mind.”
He shook his head. “I don’t mind, but what was so important it couldn’t wait until I returned to the house?”
She held up the envelope. “This is what’s so important.” Her smile widened. “I-I don’t know what to say.”
He did reach for her now, taking one of her hands in his. “Just say thank you and do what you need to make the place a success.”
Her brow knit in confusion even as her grin faded. “Why now? What changed your mind?”
He gazed over to the truck, where Abby remained behind the wheel, her smile evident through the windshield. “A very persuasive friend told me I needed to get my head out of my ass. When I finally did, I realized what was truly important.”
“And what would that be?” Her voice was full of hesitation as she asked.
He looked away from the truck, directly into her eyes. “You,” he responded without faltering. “I know it’s too early to say that what I’m feeling is love, but I do care deeply for you, Kyrie. There’s something between us, something special which goes well beyond some dirt and trees.”
“What about using the ground for farming?”
He shrugged. “I know about raising cows, not cultivating crops. If I decided to farm the land, I’d have to hire someone to do the work. If I’m going to do that, I might as well talk to some of the local farmers and see if I can hire them instead.”
She appeared to consider his words. “You’re sure you want to do this?”
His smile grew as he pulled her into a hug and took her mouth with his. She whimpered against him and eventually released control, sinking into the kiss. By the time he pulled away, she’d become glassy-eyed. “Does that answer your question?”
“Completely.” She looked over her shoulder at Abby, still waiting in the truck, then looked back at Teagan and cocked her head to the side. “I have to go back to Baltimore.”
Teagan tightened his grip. Now that they’d finally made peace, it seemed unfair she’d have to leave again. “When will you be back?”
She shook her head. “It depends on how everything goes with my meeting with the local Alliance for abused women. I have so much already lined up I doubt they’ll pull out now. Hopefully I won’t be more than a couple of weeks.”
He brushed a stray hair from her face and tucked it behind her ear. “I’ll miss you.”
“I’ll miss you too.”
“When you do return, will you come back to the farm and stay?” Despite everything she’d put him through, he hoped he’d made it clear his heart belonged to her. Now all he could do was wait for her answer and pray she said yes.
She grinned and placed a hand over his heart. “I can’t think of any place I’d rather be.”
Epilogue

Remnants of the last snowfall still peppered the ground as Kyrie drove down the tree-lined drive toward the big house she now called home. Work kept her away nearly a month this time, and she couldn’t wait to fall into Teagan’s arms.
She glanced down at the one-carat princess-cut diamond on her finger and smiled. Over Valentine’s Day dinner, Teagan dropped to one knee and presented her with the ring. Giddy, she’d said yes through blurry tears, knowing this marriage would be nothing like her previous one.
While she and Teagan occasionally butted heads over issues, he’d never once raised his hand to her in anger or mentally berated her. Inevitably they’d argue, shout, debate, and storm away angry, but by nightfall they always made up. Never could she have imagined makeup sex could be so good.
He’d even offered to pay for a traditional wedding with all the flare she could handle, but in the end, she’d chosen simple over extravagant. As soon as the retreat was completed, they would take a week, head to Vegas, and marry.
She angled the car behind Talon’s 4x4 in the drive and cut the engine. It still felt weird pulling up to the house knowing this was now where she lived, where she belonged. Yet now that she’d settled in, she couldn’t imagine her life anywhere else.
Leaving everything but her purse in the vehicle, Kyrie headed for the house. She’d meant to be home by dinnertime, but artery-clogging rush hour traffic in DC and road construction on Highway 66 had put her several hours behind.
Tired, but happy to be home, she pushed opened the back door and stopped. The empty, dark kitchen sent a hint of disappointment trickling into her veins. She certainly didn’t expect some spectacular welcome home, but the least they could have done was leave the lights on.
The soft music of Chopin carried through the house, and Kyrie followed the sound. There in the den was Abby curled up on the couch next to Talon. A fire burning in the hearth added both warmth and a soft romantic glow to the room. With exhausted eyes, Abby looked up at Kyrie and smiled. “You finally made it.”
“Yeah, traffic was horrible.” She sank into the chair across from her friend and future sister-in-law. “You look tired.”
“I am.” Abby shifted and sat up. “The doctor said my morning sickness should go away anytime, but I’m still waiting for that to happen.”
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
Abby smiled. “Actually, there is, but you should probably talk to Teagan first.”
Her friend’s cryptic reply piqued Kyrie’s curiosity. “Okay, where is Teagan?”
“Right here.” His deep tenor came from the far doorway leading to his office. She turned away from her friends and was rocked by the sight of Teagan leaning against the archway.
“Hi,” she managed as she stared at him.
From his dark hair to his bare feet, he was the epitome of a man, dressed in only a pair of low-rise jeans. Her pussy clenched in anticipation of a long night of overdue lovemaking.
He grinned as he pushed off the wall and slowly walked toward her. She stood to greet him and wasn’t disappointed when he wrapped her in his arms and swamped her in a kiss so powerful her knees shook. With tongue and teeth, he ravaged her mouth while Kyrie kissed back, doing her best to convey all the pent-up passion of her month away from him. She nipped at his bottom lip, pulled it into her mouth, and sucked before he broke away, panting.
“I really missed you.” He grinned.
“And I you.”
“I’m sorry we couldn’t be together for your birthday.” There was a sudden sorrow in his eyes which tugged at her heart. So many times, her birthday had passed unnoticed by the man she’d married all those years ago. The contrast was amazing and touched her soul.
“That’s okay.” She touched a finger to his cheek. “When you called to wish me a happy birthday, we agreed then we’d celebrate when I got back.”
He nodded, then took her hand and kissed her palm, his lips lingering over her skin. “We did agree, and I think I have the perfect gift for you”
“And what would that be?”
“A night dedicated to fulfilling your ultimate fantasy.”
Her skin prickled with awareness as she realized Talon now stood behind her. “W-what fantasy would that be?” she managed to ask despite the lump slowly growing in her throat.
“You know of which fantasy I’m speaking, Kyrie.”
“Yes, but Talon is married. How is Abby going to feel about this?”
“I am just fine with it,” Abby answered from her place on the couch. “Actually,” she began as she tucked her legs beneath her, “I would be appreciative if you’d help me out.”
Kyrie felt her brow knit as confusion clouded her thoughts. “I don’t understand.”
“It’s simple, really. I’ve pretty much had all day sickness since I found out I was pregnant five months ago. I’m exhausted, and honestly it’s hard to feel sexy or even want to be touched when you spend half your waking time with your head in the toilet.” She cast her gaze upward to Talon and smiled. “Poor Talon is suffering because I’m so sick, so this seemed like the perfect solution.”
“Wait a minute.” Kyrie held up a hand. “You’re telling me you’re okay with me and Talon…” Unable to even say the words, Kyrie let her sentence trail off.
“Having sex,” Abby added. “Yeah. For this one time, I think it’s fine. Plus, why should I be the only one to have all the fun?” She grinned at Kyrie. “Happy belated birthday.”
“T-thank you,” Kyrie managed to say as she watched her friend pull the blanket from the back of the couch and settle in. Did she intend to watch? Oh God! It would be hard enough to do this, but with an audience, she wasn’t sure if she could go through with it.
Kyrie suddenly felt like a lamb staring up at two hungry wolves. Now faced with the very real possibility of participating in a threesome, could she summon the courage to play her part? “Um…what now?”
“Now,” Teagan began as he slid his hands along her arms. “You relax and let us show you everything you’ve been missing.”
“But what happens after tonight? How do I look Talon in the face and not think about tonight or Abby for that matter?”
“Relax, Kyrie.” Talon took two deliberate steps toward her. “You have her blessing, and she manages to look at Teagan’s ugly mug every day without embarrassment.”
Even Talon’s brotherly jab at Teagan didn’t make her feel better. “Yes, but Teagan wasn’t married when you three were together.”
“True, but she’s not the type of woman who’s going to get jealous. Are you, honey?”
Abby shook her head. “Not at all. We’ve talked about this, Kyrie, and I want you to enjoy everything I’ve experienced. It will be okay.”
Teagan moved in behind her and gently lifted her arms, positioning them until her hands clasped around his neck. In this position, her breasts jutted forward, begging for attention.
“Stop thinking and hold on to me, sweetheart,” he whispered. “I promise it will all be fine.” Giving in, she linked her fingers together and closed her eyes on an approaching Talon. For her, beginning anything was difficult, and this would be no different. It would certainly be easier to jump that elusive hurtle if she didn’t see what was happening.
There wasn’t any doubt in her mind she could easily call a halt to this, and they would both honor her wishes. The problem was she didn’t want them to stop, not really. Already shaky and needy, her desire to be touched, to feel sexy overrode every bit of common sense she still harbored.
Talon’s fingers trailed along her stomach, and she flinched as the button on her slacks gave way. Meanwhile Teagan pulled her blouse over her head, then quickly set to work on her bra. After suffering through so much in her past, having so many hands on her at once was a little unnerving.
“Easy, sweetheart,” Teagan soothed from behind. “Let Talon play.”
The fabric around her hips went lax and slowly fell away, pooling to the floor around her ankles. Talon pressed his mouth to her stomach, and she held her breath as the warmth from his lips seeped through her skin.
Is this really happening?
Then he hooked his fingers on the thin strip of cotton and slowly divested her of her last barrier. With her hands once again hooked around Teagan’s neck, she couldn’t get them down fast enough to cover herself before Talon planted a kiss directly on her mound. In an instant, giddy anticipation replaced embarrassment. When he instructed her to step out of her clothing, she did, only to have him stop her from closing her legs. “Oh no, sugar. This may be our only chance to play, and I’m going to take full advantage.”
Before she could answer, he buried his face between her legs, slaking his tongue over her tiny nub. Her legs went weak, and she sagged against Teagan’s chest. At that moment, she was thankful for his support. Talon pulled back and grinned up at her. “Damn, you’re tasty. Best hold on to Teagan, sugar, ’cause I’m going to be here awhile.”
Oh God!
She arched her back and moaned as his tongue delved between her folds.
“Yeah, sweetheart,” Teagan encouraged as he reached around and began kneading one breast. “Take what Talon is giving. Enjoy it.”
Instinct had her widening her stance for him, and Talon pounced on the opportunity by spearing two fingers deep into her pussy. She cried out as glorious pleasure signals raced through her body. Her legs shook as her orgasm began to build. “Oh God. Oh God. I’m going to come!” she panted as she allowed her fingers to slip from Teagan’s neck.
“Do it, Kyrie. Show Talon how beautiful you are when you climax.”
As if she’d been waiting for Teagan’s permission, Kyrie let go, allowing the pressure to take over. Her clit throbbed, her pussy spasmed, and she whined as unbelievable waves of pleasure ripped through her.
Teagan chuckled. “It’s my turn to have some fun, and since I don’t think your legs will hold you, let’s change positions.”
Talon moved back, and Teagan lifted her onto the coffee table, positioning her as he pleased. Her head hung slightly off one end while her ankles were tucked around the table legs, forcing her thighs apart. Open and ready for their pleasure, she nearly shook with anticipation.
“I want to watch you suck Talon’s dick, baby. No matter what I do to you, don’t take your mouth off him.”
Already stroking himself, Talon positioned his body above her head, and she watched, fascinated as his balls gently swayed with every movement. Her gaze slowly shifted from his sac upward until her eyes locked with his. He and Teagan were identical twins, yet to her the subtle differences in the men made it easy to tell them apart. Right now, Talon’s trademark scoundrel smile encompassed his face as he took one long, slow stroke down his member before positioning his shaft over her mouth. The tip of his cock rubbed along her lips, asking for entrance she eagerly granted.
Bending at the knees, he slid as far in as he could, nearly gagging her in the process. “Tip your head back a bit more, Kyrie. Yeah, that’s it. Now breathe through your nose and swallow.”
She did as he ordered and was shocked when he managed to inch in just a bit farther. “Fuck yeah,” he groaned. “That’s it, baby. Now hold still and let me do all the work.” Within seconds he was pumping into her, fucking her mouth with long, full strokes. “Yeah, Kyrie, that’s it. Now lift your arms and wrap them around my legs.”
With her arms wrapped tight around Talon’s thighs, her ankles locked in by the table legs, and her mouth filled with Talon’s cock, she realized just how much control she’d turned over.
Then a warm, wet heat slaked through her folds, and she squealed in delight.
“Don’t let go of his cock, sweetheart, or we’ll have to punish you.”
Her pussy clenched emptily at the idea of being spanked, and Teagan’s low laugh rumbled across her. “Well hell, if I’d known you liked it rough, I would have smacked your ass a long time ago.”
Instead, he buried his face between her legs, and suddenly Kyrie was struggling to follow directions as her orgasm began to build.
Teagan’s warm, rough hands cupped her breasts, rolling her nipples between his fingers as Talon continued to fuck her mouth. For several long minutes, she rested on the precipice of a climax until it almost hurt. Then suddenly there was nothing, no hands, no warm heat, no tongue doing amazing things to her clit. More needy than she’d ever been, she whined around Talon’s thrusting member.
“Hush, sweetheart. I won’t leave you hanging for long.”
In an instant a hard warmth filled her pussy and slammed against her womb. Before she could react to Teagan’s quick invasion, his mouth came down over one breast and he bit down on her nipple. The dual sensations of pain and pleasure spiraled together and sent her flying over the edge. She keened, long and hard around Talon’s dick as her channel clamped down on Teagan’s cock, pulling him still deeper inside her body. Stars appeared behind her closed eyelids, and for a moment, she feared she might actually faint.
On and on the two men pumped into her body, using her for their pleasure while giving her a pleasure she hadn’t known existed. This was what Abby had wanted her to experience, and oh God but she wanted more.
The brothers continued to stroke deep and hard until she lost herself in the taste and feel of them both. Then Teagan withdrew, and Talon pulled out of her mouth, leaving her feeling oddly empty.
Teagan took her by the hands and pulled her to her feet. “It’s time.”
She shivered at the implication in his tone. “Time for what?’
“Time for you to experience two men at once.”
Her eyes widened as fear skittered down her spine. Abby enjoyed it when they took her at once, so there had to be something to it. Still there was a fear of the unknown that dominated her thoughts. “I-I don’t know if I can.”
“You absolutely can, sweetheart, and I promise you’ll enjoy every moment.” The love and confidence in Teagan’s voice should have given her the support she needed to move past her reservations. Still, she resisted.
“Trust me.” Abby’s voice filtered through her fear. “It’s so worth it, Kyrie. It’s sex like nothing you’ve ever felt before.”
“Will it hurt?” Kyrie managed to ask.
“Only for a moment; then you’ll be amazed by the unbelievable feelings you’ll experience.”
Abby’s reassurance was just what Kyrie needed to hear. She turned her attention back to Teagan. “Okay, what do you want me to do?”
He motioned to Talon, who’d lain back across the chaise chair. “You’re going to ride Talon.”
Throat dry, she simply nodded and moved to the chaise, where Talon was covering himself with a condom. He then reached for her, wrapping his hands around her waist. “Up you go, sugar.” Her body shivered and tightened as he positioned her over his cock. He eased her down, allowing her to take her time before he came to rest deep inside her. “You good?” he asked. Still at a loss for words, she nodded.
“Okay, then. Let me guide you.” Talon slid his hands up her thighs and over her buttocks, holding them as he slowly thrust into her. “Feel good?”
“Yes,” she managed to whisper.
“Good. Now lean forward and put your hands on my shoulders.”
There was still time to say no, but what if she regretted not going through with this? This might be her only opportunity to experience such an intimate and taboo act. It was now or never.
Slowly she leaned forward, grasping Talon by the shoulders. His fingers walked across her ass and spread her cheeks, baring her fully to Teagan.
She jumped when cool liquid trickled over the seam of her ass and nearly squealed as Teagan slid one finger inside. The invasion burned her hole and caused a strange combination of sensations to ripple through her body.
“We’re going to go slow,” Teagan said. “We won’t hurt you. I promise.”
“I know you won’t, Teagan. I trust you.”
Another cool dose of lubricant slicked its way inside her; then he added a second finger. The burning increased, but so did the erotic undertones. “Relax and push against my fingers, Kyrie. It will help ease the discomfort.
She did as he asked and was shocked when his fingers slid farther into her ass.
“Yeah, baby. That’s it.” After several minutes of stroking and preparation, he pulled away.
She’d expected to be relieved but instead felt empty and unsatisfied. “Teagan?”
“Right here, sweetheart. Now do the same thing you just did and push against me.” This time there was more pressure and the burning started right away. She tensed in response and tightened her grip on Talon.
“Breathe deep, Kyrie,” Talon said. “And you have to relax or it’s not going to feel good.”
Relax! Breathe deep! Push against him!
Following each order, her body slowly began to let go of the tension.
“That’s it, Kyrie. Just like that.”
The burning reached a nearly painful level; then the muscle gave way and Teagan sank into her hole. “Oh God!” She shuddered.
“Easy, sweetheart. Almost there.” After giving her time to adjust, Teagan slowly moved forward again, inching his way into her until finally his hips pressed against her flesh.
Bombarded with new and strange sensations, she gasped and shook as the realization that both men were fully sheathed within her body took hold.
“We have you, Kyrie,” Talon soothed. “Just enjoy.” Teagan pulled back, sending new and wonderful sensations rippling through her system. Then Talon pushed forward, and a whole other set of feelings raced through her. Never in all her life had she done something that felt so good.
Before long they found a rhythm, moving in unison, pressing forward, and pulling back, filling her, stretching her.
The spring in her belly began to coil tight, signaling her impending orgasm. “I can’t last much longer,” she sobbed.
“I can’t either,” Talon agreed. “Let go, Kyrie.”
She’d been fighting against the impending explosion but now let go, allowing it to swallow her whole.
Teagan surged forward, burying himself deep inside her ass. He let loose a feral growl as he came. The sensation of him filling her added the final piece in her puzzle.
“Oh oh oh!” She shattered around them, shaking, and writhing as every nerve cell in her body came alive. Both men rocked against her, each straining with his own release.
Gasping for breath, she collapsed onto Talon’s chest as Teagan slumped against her. For a few long moments, they remained still, all too spent to move.
“So that’s what it looked like when you watched us make love,” Abby said from the couch.
Kyrie lifted her head off Talon’s shoulder to find him looking at her, a huge smile on his face. “Yes, we told her, and it’s too late to be embarrassed, so don’t bother.”
Kyrie glanced over at Abby. “I don’t know what to say.”
“Don’t say anything. It’s a beautiful and mesmerizing sight, and I totally understand your intrigue. Thank you for giving me a different perspective.”
“Thank you for sharing your husband,” Kyrie managed to reply.
Finally, Teagan eased out of her and stepped away. Too exhausted to move, Kyrie returned her head to Talon’s chest and waited for her strength to return. Moments later a warm cloth passed over her tender backside. She turned her head to see Teagan standing behind her.
“You’re probably going to be a bit sore now, but this should help.”
It touched her that he could be so thoughtful in providing her aftercare. “Thank you, Teagan.”
Talon moved beneath her. “This has been a blast, but I think it’s time I excuse myself.”
He took Kyrie’s face in his palms and planted a soft closed-mouth kiss on her lips. “Happy birthday, sugar. I hope we made it special for you.”
She grinned. “You did. Thank you, Talon.”
With Teagan’s help, she managed to stand on wobbly legs as Talon redressed, then helped Abby to her feet, and the two of them made their exit.
Then Teagan grabbed the blanket off the sofa, settled them into the chaise, and covered them both. “So.” He kissed her on the nose. “Was it everything you imagined it would be?”
More satisfied than she’d ever been in her life, she snuggled against him. “Everything and more.”
“Would you want to do it again sometime?”
She tilted her head to the side and gazed up at him. “I’m not opposed to the possibility, but I’m not willing to risk my friendship or either of our marriages.”
“Good to know.” He pulled her closer. “We tend to be a kinky group, and as you saw, jealousy isn’t really a problem, so you never know what the future might hold.”
She barely suppressed a grin as the impact of his words settled over her, reminding her of an old saying about how you’re not just marrying the man but the family too. She had a feeling they were going to be one big happy family in many ways.

