

Shrouded in Darkness
By Anne Guillermo

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2011 Anne Guillermo




Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for use only, then please retune to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.







Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Epilogue

PROLOGUE

Liam Connolly, faerie prince of the dark court, knows he’s being followed but isn’t concerned, this isn’t the first time.  His mother is entirely too overprotective, his stalker is probably one of her people checking up on him.  If she won’t confront him soon about his relationship with a shapeshifter then he will just have to confront her himself.  His mother will not stop him from seeing Isabelle, he loves her.  He won’t be intimidated by some tail his mother has set upon him or even his mother herself.
He heads down Chestnut and is almost to Michigan Avenue and home.  Once he reaches his apartment building his shadow always disappears.  He ignores his stalker and instead thinks of the love of his life.  After all, he’s meeting her parents tomorrow, things have gotten serious.  He is a bit nervous but her parents won’t be the issue in their relationship.  It’s his mother and her outdated views that they will have to clash with.  Maybe he can convince Dr. Farrell to speak with his mother; she always manages to get the faerie queen to listen to reason.  She managed to convince the dark queen to let him get a job.  Maybe she can convince her that his relationship with a werejaguar isn’t bad or any threat to faerie.
With his mind on the following day and possibly seeking Dr. Farrell’s aid, his attacker is on him before he even realizes it.  Sensing the power of the being attacking, he knows his struggles are futile but cannot stop himself from fighting for everything he will lose upon his death.   He can tell that he will not survive.  He starts to lose consciousness from the blood loss and pain as the creature rips his body apart.  All the while, he thinks only of Isabelle, his love, and hopes she is not destined for the same fate and that she remains safe from whatever has decided to end his existence.




CHAPTER ONE

I am awaken by the sound of my phone ringing.  I glance at the alarm clock on the dresser; it is two in the morning.  When your phone rings at two a.m., it is rarely good news.  When I answer, I learn this time is no exception.  It’s my best friend, Ana Fuentes, a detective with the Chicago Police, homicide division.
“Jess, sorry to wake you, but I need you to come down to a crime scene.  We need your special expertise,” Ana states without preamble.  “We’re at the corner of Michigan and Chestnut.”
“You are at the Hancock Building?  At this time of night?”  I question.  “That’s not the normal area you find a crime that needs my expertise.”
“I know that but I guess the murderer didn’t,” Ana states tiredly.
“Give me half an hour and I’ll be there.”  I advise.  With that pronouncement, I hang up and I get out of bed.
I quickly dress, considering what could have happened at the Hancock Building that would need my expertise.  Ana is part of the Chicago Police Department’s Supernatural Homicide Division.  If her team needs my expertise it usually means it is a very complicated crime scene.  The police only call in a civilian as a last resort, even expert civilian consultants.  What makes me an expert civilian consultant isn’t that I am a witch, nor the fact that I own one of the city’s most respected supernatural bookstores, but that I hold a Doctorate in Preternatural Science.
My name is Jessica Farrell and I am a witch.  I was born a witch with most of my powers developing when I hit puberty.  Not all witches end up studying Preternatural Science but I did as a way to better under my gifts.   It started out as a way to better understand myself, but turned into a thirst to understand all things supernatural.  I live in Chicago, Illinois on Armitage near Halstead in an apartment above my bookstore, Goddess’s Daughter, so I’m not far from the crime scene. Still, I drive the short distance to the crime scene on Chicago’s most famous street, the Magnificent Mile.
When I arrive, I see Michigan Avenue is blocked off so I park in the middle of road next to a police car with its flashers on.  As I exit my Mustang, I pull my jacket tighter around me to block out the cool early fall wind off Lake Michigan.  As I start toward the crime scene, I’m stopped by a uniformed officer.
“Miss, I’m sorry but you can’t go through,” she informs me.
“I’m Dr. Jessica Farrell, the civilian consultant Detective Fuentes called in.  I believe you will find she is expecting me,” I explain to the officer.
“Dr. Farrell, please wait here while I check with Detective Fuentes,” she addresses me formally now, recognizing my name from either a past crime scene or one of my university classes that the police academy suggests officers take.
She returns a few minutes later with Cameron Roarke, Ana’s partner and a vampire.  “Dr. Farrell, please come with me.”  When we’re out of earshot of the uniform, he addresses me more informally.  We’ve been friends for months now, developing the relationship over the last year that he’s been Ana’s partner.  “Jess, this scene is not good.  Prepare yourself.”
Cameron is a young vampire having made the transition only thirty years ago.  He doesn’t look any older than the late twenties he was when he became a vampire.  His red hair is cut short and though he has the pale complexion of a vampire, it’s not as noticeable with his naturally pale Irish complexion.  He’s the same height as I am, five feet ten, but his wiry frame gives away none of his vampiric strength.  Only his dancer’s grace and sometimes unnaturally quick movements, give away his true nature.
“Cam, what happened?” I ask.  “This isn’t the normal area Supernatural Homicide is called to for a crime scene.”
“You’ll see for yourself.  It is better you do.  That way you can make your own conclusions.”  Seeing Ana, he calls out to her and escorts me through the crowd of cops.
As we work our way forward and the crowd thins out, I get my first look at the scene.  Body parts are spread across the ground, arms and legs.  Shocked by the gruesome scene, I stop in my tracks, giving myself a chance to prepare, taking a couple of deep breaths.
“Are you going to be ok?” Cameron inquires.  “Even without a heightened sense of smell, I’m sure the odor is overpowering.  Not to mention, it’s not a pretty sight.”
“I’m ok, Cam,” I assure him.  “I’m ready to take a closer look.”
I move toward the scene.  As I approach Ana, she holds out a pair of latex gloves.  I slip them on as I move toward the body part closest to me.  I move around the scene, examining each part in the shadow of Chicago’s second tallest building, on the victim’s left wrist I note a tattoo of an intricate Celtic design.  Finally, I make my way toward the drop cloth that covers the last part, the head.  I lift the cloth; my suspicions upon seeing the tattoo are confirmed.  I drop the cloth back in place and turn to Ana and Cameron standing a few feet behind me.  “Liam Connolly, fae prince.  He has an apartment in the Hancock, you know that the faerie like to mix with upscale humans.  He was probably on his way home when he was attacked.  Only another supernatural creature could have torn a faerie apart like that.  Lycanthrope or vampire would be my guess.  Cam, are your preternatural senses picking up anything strange?”
“No lycan or vamp scent on the parts,” Cameron comments.
“We brought you in to identify the body.  We were pretty sure what did this wasn’t human,” Ana states.  “We also want you to be present at our meeting with the faerie queen.  You may be able to make it go a little smoother.  She likes and respects you; she will feel better knowing you are consulting on the case.  You and I will go speak with her once we finish up here.”
“Do we know where he was coming from?” I ask.  “The faerie queen will have a lot of questions and we will need to know the answers.”  I look to Cameron, “Has he done anything to get the vampires to come after him?”
“You know as much as we do,” Ana starts to walk toward the guys wearing jackets emblazoned with Coroner in bright yellow.  
“As far as I know, Liam Connolly stays away from the vampires.  I’m sure he’s been to the clubs but then who hasn’t.”  Cameron follows Ana and me.  “After we’re done here I’m heading over to the Master’s while Ana and you go see the faerie queen.”
Ana stops and talks to the Coroner.  I glance down at my watch, “Only a couple of hours to sunrise, Cam, you sure you’ll be ok going to see the Master?”  The Master Vampire of Chicago keeps the order in the vampire ranks and holds the allegiance of all vampires in Northern Illinois and Southern Wisconsin.  
“No problem,” Cameron turns to Ana when she returns from speaking with Coroner.  “I’ll see you tomorrow night, Ana.  By the time you get to Lake Forest and talk to the queen, I’ll be unavailable.  I’ll pick you up on the way to the station in the evening so we can compare notes.  Jess, it was good to see you.  Hope we can get together under better circumstances next time.  I need to stop by your store, check and see if you have anything new that catches my interest.  I haven’t been by in a couple of months.  I don’t know how you manage to run the store, teach and consult for us demanding cops.  I can’t even keep up with all my paperwork.”
“I’m great at time management,” I laugh at Cam’s attempt to lighten the mood after the gruesome crime scene.  “Though these middle of the night calls take it out of me.”
“Haven’t you conjured up a potion that can get rid of tiredness, yet?” he asks.
“If she had, I’d have quit the force to become her marketing manager and agent and full-time sales woman,” interjects Ana.  “Not to mention her best customer.”
“The only potion I have for tiredness has been around thousands of years, good strong coffee,” I reply.  “Have a good night, Cameron.”
Ana and I watch Cameron get into a nondescript police issue Ford and drive off into the pre-dawn morning.  We walk the short distance to my car and get in to start the drive to Lake Forest.  I start the car and direct us toward I-94 North for our trip to the affluent suburb.  Once on the road, I take out my mobile phone and call ahead to prevent any unwelcome surprises.  I speak to one of the servants who inform me that they will notify the queen of our impending arrival.
Once I hang up with the queen’s household, we drive in silence.  Ana and I have known each other for a little over ten years.  We met the first day of classes during our freshman year of college.  We were both eighteen and the youngest people in our Intro to Preternatural Creatures class.  But we really bonded as two of only four females in the class.  It wasn’t until we were rehashing a successful first semester that Ana found out I was a witch.  At that time in my life, I was trying to keep my abilities under wraps.  We were sitting at a table in a local coffee house when a waitress walking behind Ana spilled a pot of steaming coffee.  As it poured off the waitress’s tray and toward the back of Ana’s neck, I managed to redirect it with my mind back into the pot.  At times, I think the potion brewing and spell casting freaks her out more than my ability to conjure things out of thin air and move things with my mind.  Ana comes from a stout Catholic Mexican family, so she was taught to take witches seriously.  My being a sometimes practicing Catholic along with using my nature based witchcraft helped to smooth her ruffled feathers.  I guess if I was a blood sacrificing black magic witch, she assumed I wouldn’t be able to set foot in a church, especially a Catholic one.
“Jess, in all your studies in the supernatural have you been able to determine if all vampires are the evil soulless beings that popular culture always told us they are?” Ana breaks the silence, pulling my mind from the past. “I guess I’m asking if a vampire is a good person.  You know, if he doesn’t kill to feed, follows the rules of human society.  Would they still be considered evil?  I know what we studied in college, that they are just supernatural beings.  But that still doesn’t answer the questions that vampire legends always left open.”
“Ana, does this have anything to do with a certain red-haired, Irish vampire and member of the Chicago P.D.?”  I grin at her but seeing the serious look of struggle on her face, I take pity on her.  I’ve known about her attraction to her partner from the beginning but it has been months since we have really had a chance to talk, we’d both been busy during the past summer.  Things must have heated up recently for Ana to be so unsure of herself.  “Remember what these legends tell us, they talk of crucifixes and the damned being unable to enter churches.  But you know that vampires have no problem with crucifixes, they don’t burst into flames when they see one.  And if they are damned then how can they enter a church, doesn’t your heritage tell you that would be impossible but they still can.  They have survived a very long time existing with humans, following our societal rules.  Not much is known about them other than the legends they’ve dispelled.  We know they can’t go out in the sunlight but they aren’t dead.  They eat and drink like normal humans.  They drink blood but it is part of their vampire physiology, a necessity from what I understand.  Unfortunately, not much else is known about them but I imagine there are monsters among them just like there are also monsters among humans.  The types like Ted Bundy and Jeffrey Daumer in the human world were monsters and there was nothing supernatural about them.  We don’t need vampires to create evil among mankind, we can manage it on our own.  I’d be more worried about having to find a new partner or about what your father would say about Cam.  That is the direction of your feelings, if I understand you correctly?”
Ana laughs, making her even more stunning.  Her long wavy black hair is tied back from her beautiful heart shaped face and stunning chocolate brown eyes.  “I’m sure my father will take it about as well as he took my being a police officer, with threats to disown me.  I haven’t even told my parents that my partner is a vampire.  Only my brother, Diego, knows and possibly Javier.  Diego found out by accident, he stopped to see me at the station and overheard someone talking about Cam.  And Javier, I think Diego told him but I’m not sure, he just keeps making sly comments whenever I see him.  With regards to a new partner, if it got serious I would follow procedure and put in the request.”
“You can always tell your father I’ll curse him if he doesn’t be nice.  Even though he accepts me, I still see wariness in him,” I volunteer as I steer the car up to the gate at the Connolly estate.  I press the call button and announce Ana and my name to the security guard.  He steps out of the guardhouse to check our identification.  Satisfied, he opens the gate and waves us through.  
The front door is opened at our first knock by a servant in moss green livery right out of the eighteenth century.  The servant leads us into a sitting room decorated in pale yellow with a stunning Renoir landscape over the fireplace.  We sit on a yellow and white striped silk covered sofa and wait for the faerie queen.  I glance at my watch and notice it is a little after four.
We wait about half an hour before the faerie queen makes her appearance with her consort, Calum Reilly, at her side.  She is a petite woman of indeterminate age.  Next to her, I feel like a giant wallflower.  I am almost a foot taller than her five foot height with reddish brown hair that looks dull next to her shimmering blond locks.  Siobhan Connolly is a woman that can turn any man’s head and knows it.
“Jessica, dear girl, what are you doing here at this hour?  If you’ve brought, Miss Fuentes, it must be something to do with the police.  Has one of my children been arrested, again?” The queen looks at Ana and then at me, awaiting our answer.
“My lady,” I start, “there is no easy way to tell you this so I’m just going to come right out and say it.  Liam is dead.  The police discovered his body a few hours ago.”
“He was murdered outside his apartment building late last night, sometime before midnight,” Ana adds trying to give some of the facts.  “We believe he was on his way home but we are not sure where he was coming from.  My partner and I have been assigned as lead detectives on this investigation.”
Siobhan stare dumbfounded at Ana and I. “No, no, it’s not possible.  Not Liam, not my baby.”  She grasps Calum’s hand tightly.  “You must be wrong, it’s not Liam.  There has been a mistake.  I would know.”
I make a glass of brandy appear on the table in front of the queen with only a thought.  “Drink this, Siobhan.  It’s French brandy, your favorite.  It will help with the shock.”  I watch her take a sip before I continue.  “It was Liam.  I saw for myself, the tattoo, his face.  I’m so very sorry for your loss.  Detective Fuentes needs to ask you some questions, please try to help us.  She will also need your permission to search Liam’s apartment.”
“A faerie is not easy to kill, especially a member of the dark court.  He may not be dead,” remarks Calum.
“We’re positive he’s dead,” insists Ana.  “I can’t give out the details without compromising the investigation but I assure you he did not survive.   The way he was killed indicates another supernatural creature committed the crime.  I know this is difficult to absorb.  But as Jessica mentioned, I have to ask you some questions, my lady.”
Siobhan wipes at the tears gathered in her sapphire blue eyes.  “Of course, Detective Fuentes, Ana, I understand.”
Ana takes out a small notebook and pen.  “Do you have any issues with the lycanthrope community or the vampire community in the city?  They are the only ones who could easily overpower your son.”
“No, they aren’t the only ones,” Siobhan comments.  “There are others who could but none I know of in this area.  And no, the fae have no conflict with the vampires or the lycanthropes.  A human could weaken a faerie with enough lead but to kill one, it would be very difficult.  My son knew how to defend himself.  I will consider who else could be involved and let Jessica know.”
“Thank you, my lady.” Ana acknowledges.  “Can you tell me about Liam’s friends?  Who were his best friends?”
“He spent a lot of time with his sister, Margaret; they are only a year apart in age.  One of his best friends was Ian Merriweather, a lord in my court.  Please hold off questioning Margaret for a day or two, I would like to talk to her first.  I will have Ian Merriweather call you this afternoon and set up an interview time,” Siobhan replies.  “For some reason, Liam wanted to work in the human world.  He had a job at some pub as a bartender.  I think it was called Claddagh.”
“Do you know what his plans were for tonight?  Was he working?” questions Ana.
“I didn’t keep that close a watch on him.  Maybe I should have,” Siobhan wipes a tear that trails down her cheek.  “I let my children live their lives independently.  Ana, I have a request of you and the Chicago Police.  I want Jessica involved in the investigation.  She will be my contact and investigator on the case.”  
“My lady, I’m a civilian, hardly qualified to investigate this crime with the police,” I insist.  “I only assist the police with my background knowledge into the supernatural.”
“You will investigate this with the police, Jessica, as a favor to me.  I’m sorry but I really must insist.” Siobhan’s eyes flash with the underlying threat.  “You are a witch, my dear.  Your special talents and knowledge of faerie are required if the police hope to find my son’s killer.”
“I understand you want someone familiar to you and with faerie on the case,” I acquiesce reluctantly.  “You will, of course, let me know if anything comes to mind, my lady.”  
“If anything comes to mind, I will contact you.”  Siobhan assures me.  “Now if that is all the questions you have for me, I will let you ladies get on your way.  I need some time to come to terms with this horrific news.”
Ana and I are shown to the door by the same liveried servant that showed us in.  Once in the car and on our way out of Lake Forest, Ana demands an explanation. “What went on back there?  Why the underlying threat?  She knows something she’s not telling us, I could sense it and she is hardly the most subtle creature.”
“Yes, she does but she won’t tell us until she’s ready.  That is Siobhan’s way.  Threats are her way as well.  Sorry about her forcing me into your investigation, Ana.  I’ll try to keep my involvement to a minimum,” I apologize.
“Jess, you got pushed into this investigation, I don’t blame you.  Since you have to be involved, I’ll make use of you,” Ana assures me.  “And now the higher ups in the department can’t bitch about the cost of using your expertise since the faerie queen will have to foot the bill.  Not to mention insisting on your involvement, leaving them no way to renege without offending her.”
I glance toward the eastern sky and the beginnings of dawn on the horizon.  Unsure of what plan the faerie queen has for me, I try to concentrate on other things.  “It’s late, where do you want me to drop you?”
“Back at the Hancock Building, I need to go through Liam Connolly’s apartment.”  Ana takes out her mobile and calls her voicemail to listen to her messages.  She then makes a few calls.  
After she finishes up she remains silent for a while, appearing to be lost in thought.  Finally she breaks her silence, “There’s a message from Cameron, the Master wants to see you tomorrow night, nine p.m. at Bloodlust.  I guess whether you like it or not, all the players want you involved, Jess.  Sorry about that but at least it means I get to use you for the freaky stuff and don’t have to go through too much red tape.”
“You mean, like meetings with the Master Vampire?” I state sarcastically.  “Cameron’s the vampire; he should be handling the Master, not me.”
“Don’t worry. Cam said he was to escort you,” Ana grins.  “By the way, since you are the preternatural expert according to the entire supernatural world tonight, I’ve always had a question.  Why do vampires always own nightclubs and bars?  What’s wrong with a good coffee house?”
Ana always has a way to cheer me up. I can’t help but laugh at her strange sense of humor.  “That’s an easy one.  What other type of business is open from dusk until dawn, the hours a vampire is awake.  Bars and nightclubs keep the same hours as vampires.  I also heard they can be quite profitable when it’s one of the hotspots.  As you know, vampire clubs attract all kinds from tourists to the club-hoppers.”
“It’s amazing what a draw vampires are,” Ana comments.  “It was only fifteen years ago vampires became public, wanting the rights and privileges that entails and five years ago that they were recognized as citizens by the U.S. government.  Now, they own some of Chicago’s most successful nightclubs.  Ever been to one?”
“No, never,” I admit.  “My visit to Bloodlust tomorrow night will be my first.  You should come with; after all it is official police business.”
“Cam will be there.  He tries to keep me away from the vampires.  Though I’m not sure why.  I just think he is overprotective.  He doesn’t want me involved in the politics of his world.”  Ana looks over at me, “Do you think I should go? It would be interesting, maybe give me some insight into the other side of Cameron Roarke.”
“It would definitely give you an interesting perspective of vampires.  I’m not sure it would give your insight into Cam.  He is already different because of his career choice.”  I pull up in front of the Hancock Building.  “Try to get some sleep, Ana.  If you have time, stop by the store this afternoon for lunch and I’ll let you know if I come up with anything through my research.”
“I’ll try.  See you later, Jess.”  Ana gets out of the car and waves over her shoulder as she heads into the residential entrance of the building.  There are still a few police cars outside the building, evidence of the crime committed during the night.  By the time city is fully awake and bustling with everyday life even they will be gone and nobody will know of the atrocities committed just steps from the Magnificent Mile last night.




CHAPTER TWO

I turn my car toward home with several thoughts running through my head.  First and foremost is what the faerie queen is hiding.  After an hour or two of sleep, I will need to do some intensive research into what could be responsible for the murder of the faerie prince.  The queen appeared to know more than she was letting on about what or who killed her son.  And now, I’ve been pushed into the middle of a police investigation, definitely somewhere I don’t want to be and I don’t belong.
I pull into my parking spot behind my building and see I won’t be getting back to bed anytime soon.  Waiting for me by the stairs that lead up to my apartment is Javier Fuentes, Ana’s twin brother.  When I get out of the car and start toward him he stands up from his seat on the stairs.
“Javier, it has been a while since I’ve seen you,” I greet him.  “What are you doing here?  Looking for Ana?  I just came from dropping her off at a crime scene.”
“No, Jessica, I’m looking for you,” he moves aside as I approach the stairs up to my apartment.  “Can I speak with you for a couple of minutes, inside if you don’t mind?”
“Sure, why not,” I start up the stairs and gesture for him to follow me up.
I unlock the door and he follows me in closing it behind him.  “Jessica, I know that you are working with Ana on her new case at the request of the faerie queen.” Javier takes a seat at my kitchen table as I lean against one of the cabinets.  “I’ve come to give you a message for the faerie queen.”
He has captured my attention.  “And how do you know all this, Javier?  It’s not like it is public knowledge.  We only just left the faerie queen’s house from informing her of her son’s death.”
“Word gets around fast when a faerie prince is murdered.  And you also don’t have to pretend, Jess.  I’m sure you know about my true nature,” he insists.
I nod confirming his assumption.  “You are a lycanthrope.  So you must be here on behalf of the Pack.”
“Not the Pack, the Familia.  I’m not a wolf.  I’m a jaguar.  It happened when I running the streets as a kid.  One of the gangs I hung with was more than they appeared to be.  Just don’t tell my family, I’m not sure they would take it very well.  They are still very set in the old ways and believe most of the supernatural world is evil,” he explains.
“And I thought jaguars were solitary creatures, but werejaguars still gather in packs just like all other lycanthropes.  So what do the werejaguars want with me?” I ask, getting to the point.
“We want you to assure the faerie queen we had nothing to do with her son’s death and express our condolences,” he impresses on me.  “Make sure she knows that we were always friendly with her son.”
“Sure,” I skeptically state.  “What aren’t you telling me, Javier?  I need to know everything.  The faerie queen’s temper is as bad as legend says.  I know that the werejaguars don’t want to be on her bad side.  She may just decide she needs a new fur coat.”
He nods in understanding.  “Liam’s been hanging with us, at my restaurant and other places.  He was on his way home from my restaurant last night.  He was a friend of the Familia. He was dating one of the other jaguars, Isabella.  She’s really upset about this but you can talk to her if you need to, I’ll arrange it.  We don’t know who did this.  Assure her, we take this as a personal attack on the jaguars.”
I take this all in.  Javier owns and is head chef at a traditional Mexican restaurant on the west side of the city.  “I have some questions for Isabelle but they can wait. First, you answer some questions for me.  Where was Liam going after he left the jaguars tonight?  Why was he with you tonight? Are the jaguars enemies with the wolves or the vampires?  Were any of the jaguars with Liam when he left the restaurant tonight?  Was Isabelle?”
“I’ll answer your last question first, it’s the easiest,” he replies.  “Liam left alone, he was going home.  He had an early breakfast with Isabelle’s family today, the first meeting.  And before you can ask, her family doesn’t know she’s a werejaguar nor are any other members of her family.  Liam was running with us because of Isa, they met at a club and clicked.  As to our relationship with the wolves and the vamps, there’s no love lost but we’re civil.  Will you be meeting with the Master Vampire and the Wolves’ alpha?”
“If I must, why are you asking?” I question.
“I’m second in command of the Jaguar Familia.  Our Conde would like me to accompany you to these meetings,” he admits.  “I am to act as your liaison with the Familia.”
“Your sister will get curious.  She is part of this investigation; actually she and her partner are in charge of it.  She’s bound to find out what you are.  Will you still do as your ‘Conde’ commands?”  I watch Javier closely and note he pales slightly at the thought.  “Since I consider you my friend as well, Javier, I will make this easy on you.  I don’t answer to your Conde and will handle this my way.  I will meet with the Master Vampire and the Wolf Alpha without interference from the jaguars.  And I will advise you of the gist of those meetings.  Tell your Conde, I will also meet with him, please set it up and let me know the day and time.  Tonight I meet with the vampire Master of the City.”
“Thanks, Jess,” he looks relieved.  “I’ll pass along the message.  It’s after six; I should let you get some sleep.”
“I need to be up in another hour anyway,” I concentrate on the coffeepot for a moment and its starts to make itself.  “Javier, be careful.  Until we know what’s going on we don’t know who the real target is, the faerie or the jaguars or both.”
He opens the door and nods in understanding before he closes the door.  Once the coffee is finished brewing, I get up and pour myself a cup.  Lucky me, I get to work on an hour’s sleep until my bookseller arrives in the afternoon.
With coffee in hand, I head toward the bathroom to take my shower and start my day.  As I let the hot water of the shower beat against my back trying to dispel the tension there, I contemplate the complications of this case, both personally and professionally.  Having to outright lie to Ana about where I get my information on the werejaguars will be difficult; I don’t like lying to my best friend.  The sooner I meet with the Jaguar king, the better.  It’s the only way I can think of to cover for Javier both with his jaguar and his human family.  Based on how my morning has gone thus far, I don’t even want to think about who may show up next on my doorstep.
After I’ve finished my shower and dressed, I return to the kitchen, make a bagel for breakfast and head down to the store to do some research with my breakfast and coffee before I open for the day.  I start my search in the encyclopedia of preternatural creatures to try to determine what kind of creature has the strength to rip apart a faerie.  Other than the obvious lycans and vamps, there are several other creatures.  Lucky for me more than a few are extinct or haven’t been seen in hundreds of years.  Unfortunately, that still includes a list of more than seventy.  I try to concentrate on creatures that have dealings with the faerie specifically, still an extensive list of near forty.  At the moment, I put aside the werejaguar connection.  With my list of forty creatures, I pull out a book on faerie history and search for the creatures that have had direct dealing with Siobhan.  With her less than amicable personality, it is likely she is the actual target of this crime.
When I open my shop at ten, I have the list narrowed down to twenty.  I set aside my research for now and brew myself a pot of coffee.  While I am behind the counter making the coffee, my first customers of the day come in.  They are a couple of Wiccan women who I haven’t seen come in before.  Wiccans are fascinated by my shop and its selection of books on witchcraft and other preternatural creatures but most of all by me.  I don’t practice their Wicca religion but am still a witch, they find this unbelievable.  I am an anomaly in their beliefs, a Christian witch.  This incongruity causes them to question me on my witchcraft, as if trying to determine its authenticity.   Unfortunately they are taught that only Wicca can strengthen their craft because of its ties to the earth and four primal elements, but even a Christian witch knows the power of the four elements.  Their kind doesn’t like to admit that a witch can be born with his or her abilities and understand the importance of nature’s abilities without being Wiccan.
I pour myself a cup of coffee and after letting the two women browse for a few minutes, I approach them.  “Ladies, may I help you find anything in particular?  We have some new spell books.”
The bolder of the two address me, “You’re her aren’t you?  You’re Dr. Farrell?”
“Yes, I am.  Is there something I can help you with in particular?” I offer.
“We heard about you back home in Des Moines.  We were told to visit your store on our trip to Chicago, that you are a Christian witch,” the same woman replies.  “Is it true?  Do you practice witchcraft and worship the Christian God?”
“Yes I am a Christian witch,” I confirm.  “I also hold a doctorate in Preternatural Science, I’ve written several books on the subject.  Maybe you would be interested in one of those?”
The two gaze at me in awe and disbelief.  I lead them over to the area on Faerie History and take out a copy of my book on faerie history in the British Isles.  I offer to autograph it for them to take back to Des Moines.  They are thrilled.  They pay for their purchase and are on their way.  Unfortunately or fortunately for my business, the tourists frequent my shop during their tour of supernatural Chicago.  My store is right up on the list with the Vampire clubs for interesting places to visit.  
The rest of the morning passes with frequent visits from my regular customers and with a few preternatural studies university students mixed in.  They leave me little time for my research.  When Ana arrives around noon, I am again alone in the shop.  She takes a seat at the café table stacked with books; I sit down in the seat across from her.  She’s still in the same clothes that she was wearing at the crime scene this morning.  
“Haven’t been home,” I remark.  “You look like I feel.  You should go home and get some sleep.”
“Thanks,” Ana looks me up and down.  “You don’t look so great yourself.  But we still work.  I’ll take some of that coffee if you don’t mind.  What have you found out?” 
“Other than the lycans and the vamps, I’ve narrowed down a list to twenty creatures that could accomplish what we saw this morning,” I pour Ana a cup of coffee and give her the details.  “Right now I am working on a small profile of powers and history for each of the twenty.  I also am noting their connection with the fae and Siobhan in particular.  Then we can run the list by her and see if we can narrow it down further.  Did you find anything at the apartment?”
“Not much,” she replies.  “He was seeing someone.  We don’t have a name, just a message on his voicemail.  Call was made from public phone.  I heard from Ian Merriweather, he left a message on my voicemail at work.  We have an interview set up with him tonight at the station.  You can sit in on it with Cameron and me, if you have the time.   So twenty, that’s quite a list, do you really think the faerie queen will help us narrow it down? “
“I hope so but I will be asking the Master of the City about some of these creatures as well.  Vampires have been around a while so maybe he or she may be able to offer some insight,” I explain.  “All of the suspected creatures have had run-ins with Siobhan over the centuries.”
“Will this list be ready tonight?” she takes a sip of coffee.  “Can you give it to me before we go to the Master’s?  I might be able to get some work done on it prior to the meeting.  By the way, I decided that I will go with you and Cam to the meeting with the Master of the City.  Then we can go back to the station for that interview with Merriweather.  We did get a few things accomplished this morning but not nearly enough to lead us anywhere on this case.  Do you have for me anything else for me right now?”
“Well, we have the werewolves to deal with still?  I am not eliminating them yet.  Do you have anyone on the force that can get us in to see their alpha?  Also, we need to know what other so called packs of wereanimals there are in the city and set up meetings with their leaders as well.”
“There are no cops that have come out and admitted they are werewolves or any other kind of lycan.  The Chicago Police Department has a “don’t tell, don’t ask” policy regarding preternatural creatures, Cameron being one of the exceptions.  So how do we get in to see the Alpha? We can’t approach the alpha like a normal suspect, can we?  I am sure there is some protocol that we have to follow.  All this supernatural shit always has a protocol.  And other wereanimals, who knows who or what they are, they don’t exactly inform the police who they are.  They may exist but they are still wary of being fully documented, unlike some of the other supernaturals.”
“Of course there is a protocol.  It would be too easy if there wasn’t one.  Without an inside track with the Pack or any of the other wereanimals, I don’t even know who the alphas are.  My abilities only allow me to sense when someone is a lycan, not what kind they are.  Though, the more powerful the lycan, the stronger the feeling I get of their animal force.  If we can send out feelers to the pack and set up a meeting, I will be able to tell if the person that meets with us is the alpha.  Maybe the Wolves’ Alpha will be able to tell us about the other wereanimals in the area.”  I watch Ana suppress a yawn.  “Why don’t you go get some sleep?  We have a busy night ahead of us.”
“You need to get some rest too.”  Ana gets up to go.  “You need to be in top form tonight for our vampire meeting.  You know every time you meet a new supernatural they like to try to test your powers.  You getting some sleep is more important than the list right now.  If you can’t finish it by tonight, tomorrow is fine for me.”
I walk with her to the door.  “I’ll be able to take a nap once my afternoon shift gets here; I have Jack coming in.  But I should still have the list for you tonight, I’ve been compiling all morning.  I don’t know what we will be able to do with it if the faerie queen won’t assist us in narrowing it down further.”
“We’ll just have to hope she will cooperate.  We don’t have anyone else.  Even if the Master of the City knows about some of the creatures, he may not know about all of them.” Ana states.  “See you tonight, Cam and I will meet you outside Bloodlust at quarter to nine.”
“I guess it’s a date then,” I open the door for her.  “And Ana, don’t be too hard on Cam if we see some unexpected things tonight.  He’s not like any other vampire I’ve met, remember that.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she turns to go.  “See you tonight.”
Once Ana’s gone, I go back to working on my list.  Each creature on it seems to be more powerful that the next, not to mention having some good reasons to hate the faerie queen.  When my bookseller arrives at one, I’m only up to number ten on list of enemies nobody wants to have.  Unfortunately, they all hate Siobhan with good reason.
My bookseller is a young man of about nineteen named Jack Daniels.  An ordinary, if infamous, name for someone who is half elf, half human but since he doesn’t know that he’s half elf that probably explains the name.  He was raised by a human father who told him that his mother died in childbirth and won’t talk about her family.  He’s worked for me since he turned sixteen.  I knew about his elf half the day I interviewed him for the job but I’ve never said anything, it’s not my place.  If he ever discovers the truth or comes into some elf powers, I will answer any questions he has but until that day I will keep my silence.   He’s honest and dependable so I leave well enough alone, keep him around, and count him as a friend as well.  Besides who wouldn’t want someone with a famous name like Jack Daniels around, he always raises a few eyebrows.
Jack hangs his coat in the backroom then joins me at my table.  “What are you working on, Jessica?  It looks intense.”
“I’m working on something for the police,” I explain.  “I’ll be rather busy tonight, would you mind closing up for me?”
“No problem,” he agrees. “I don’t suppose you can tell me anything about the research?  Maybe I can help.”
“Sorry, Jack, I can’t talk about it.  Anyway, it’s not something you want to be involved in.  Did you here from the institute yet?”  I change the subject.
“Not yet, I’m hoping for a letter any day,” he replies.
Earlier in the year, I convinced Jack to apply to the Art Institute.  He is a wonderful painter and sculptor, but didn’t think he was good enough to study it professionally.  I managed to get him to display some of his work in my shop.  When I sold several pieces, he became convinced to try.  His work is fresh and whimsical; he just needed someone to believe in him.  I was happy to be that person.  I try to help those supernatural creatures that need it, even if they don’t know they are a supernatural creature.
“I know that you will be accepted,” I insist.  “You are very talented.  The work you submitted for review will may you a shoo-in.”
“Thanks,” he blushes.  “I’ll leave you to your research and go check in and put out the new stock we got in.”
I return to my research for a half hour more before I go upstairs to try to take a nap.  For the next few days, it looks like I’ll be spending most of my nights awake and will need to try to get some sleep whenever I can.  Unfortunately, working with vampires and weres tends to keep you out at late hours.  As I drift off to sleep, my thoughts are filled with the case and how I will narrow down the list of suspects.




CHAPTER THREE

When I awaken at six, I’m still stumped on the murder, nothing having come together in my subconscious while I slept.  So I shower and get ready for my meeting with the Master of the City hoping if I don’t concentrate on it, my subconscious will make some sense out of all my research.  Since Bloodlust is a nightclub, I dress accordingly, black pants, long-sleeved French blue silk shirt, and black heeled shoes.  I also wear an amethyst necklace and earrings for protection against psychic manipulation, a standard Master vampire trick.  I grab my bag and throw my notebook with the list in and am ready to go.  I stop down in the store to check in with Jack, finish the last of my creature profiles and grab a sandwich on my way out.  
Once in the car, I head toward Ontario.  Bloodlust is located in the club area on Ontario near Wells.  It, along with a couple of other vampire clubs and some trendy bars, tend to keep that little area of Chicago booming at all hours of the night.
I park my car in a nearby lot and find Cameron and Ana are waiting for me out in front of the popular club.  They are deep in conversation with their heads tilted toward one another.  I overhear a small amount of their conversation; Cameron is trying to convince Ana not to come inside with us that she doesn’t need to meet the Master of the City.  She is trying to convince him that everything will be fine.  I greet them and they suddenly stop their argument with my arrival.  
Cameron turns toward the door with a shake of his head.  “I guess we are all here so let’s go inside,” he announces with some anger still in his voice.
“He isn’t happy I wanted to come,” Ana explains in a whisper.
“He’ll get over it,” I assure her.
“I just hope he won’t make me regret it,” Ana replies.
We proceed through the crowd of tourists and twenty-somethings to the door.  We are waved in by a very large, very muscular black vampire bouncer once he sees it is Cameron.  Bloodlust is packed with people.  Some are dancing, some are standing around drinking and some are vampire watching.  Most of the servers, bartenders and a few professional dancers are vampires.  I take it all in from the corner of my eye.  Cam winds his way through the crowd toward a door back by the bar with Ana and I close at his heels.  The vampire tending bar nods to Cameron and buzzes us through the door.  Cam leads us through the door without comment, shutting it behind us, muting the music some.  He then leads us down a hallway to the last door at the end still without saying a word.  He opens the door and escorts us into a very large office with a very old vampire behind a large mahogany desk.  Once we have passed into the office, he closes the door behind us.
“This is Detective Ana Fuentes, my partner, and Dr. Jessica Farrell,” Cam introduces us stepping up between us and the vampire behind the desk.
There are five vampires in the room excluding Cam and the one behind the desk.  I can feel them probing at my mind trying to gain access but to no avail.  I also feel a strange shiver of awareness run down my spine for no apparent reason.  There is a vampire behind the desk, a Chinese man who looks about twenty with short jet black hair and dark brown Asian eyes.  He studies me intently waiting for me to make some kind of comment or show some sign of fear.  
I boldly look him in the eye.  “Zhao, you are the oldest vampire in this room but you are not a master vampire.”  I realize immediately that this is part of my test.  I expected this would happen, after all this is my first meeting with the Master Vampire of Chicago.  Normally when a new supernatural creature meets me, they try to test my abilities to determine where I fit into the supernatural world.  I decide to play their game with my normal confidence.  I glance at the other five vampires, a woman and four men then look back at Zhao behind the desk.
“How can you be so sure?” he demands.  “And how did you know my name?”
I turn toward a tall, dark-haired vampire.  He looks to be in his early thirties but is actually closer to nine hundred years old.  His penetrating golden brown eyes watch me, watch him.  I answer Zhao, not even bothering to look back at him.  “Your power is weak though you are almost three thousand years old, so weak it told me your name.”  I take a step toward the vampire with the penetrating eyes; he is at least three or four inches taller than me in my heels and radiates power.  I again feel that strange tremor of awareness as I look him the eye, “You are the Master of the City.”
His full lips curve into a slight smile, “Zhao, you may go.”  He continues to stare into my eyes but doesn’t try to probe my mind.  I hear the door click closed before he speaks again.  “You are very good, Dr. Farrell.  I had heard you are a powerful witch.  I apologize if my little test insulted you.”  He extends his hand, palm up, toward me.
“Apology accepted,” I take his hand to shake it as a gesture of trust and showing I will not be intimidated by him.  Instead he brings my hand toward his lips and brushes a kiss across my knuckles before releasing it causing that frisson of awareness to course through me but stronger than just minutes ago.  “As I am sure you know this is not a social call.  I’d like to get down to business,” I insist, hiding my unexpected reaction to him.
“You didn’t tell me she is so serious, Cameron.”  He doesn’t take his eyes from mine as he moves around the desk to take his seat.  “Miss Fuentes, Dr. Farrell, please take a seat.  As Dr. Farrell stated, I am the Master Vampire of Chicago.  My name is Domenico.  The vampires on your right are Michael, Warrick, Sebastien, and Catherine, they are my lieutenants.  They act in my stead if I am unavailable for any reason.  Now to the reason you are here, Cameron and I spoke briefly last night about Liam Connolly.  Ask your questions and I will answer as I can.  I am sure you have more details than Cameron had last night so soon after the crime.  I was only able to tell him I had no knowledge of this crime.”
Ana takes out her notebook and pen.  “Do you know Siobhan Connolly?”
Domenico turns his golden gaze to Ana for the first time, “I know the faerie queen by reputation only, but we’ve never met.  We don’t move in the same circles.”
“Do you have any interaction with the faerie?” she asks, returning his direct gaze despite its intensity, her own slight psychic abilities that I helped her further develop do not allow her to be be-spelled by vampires.  “Have you in the past?”
“They come to this club and several of my other businesses like everyone else, my clubs and restaurants are quite popular.  But no, I have had no direct interaction now or in the past with any of the faerie court, light or dark,” he replies.
“Have you heard of any altercations between the faerie and any of the lycans or any of the vampires not under you?” she tries a different line of questions.  “Liam Connolly was known to frequent the clubs on Ontario and Rush, I know you own several.  Have there been any issues that have come to your attention?”
Domenico looks up at Cam, “She’s smart and straightforward.  I like her, Cameron.  It was good that she came tonight.  You have my permission.”  He turns back to Ana as if never having spoken so strangely out of turn to Cam, “No issues or altercations at my clubs, and in this city there is not a vampire that does not answer to me.  But Liam had come in lately with a young lycan girl.  She’s Hispanic, but I am not sure which type of lycan.  It appeared they were dating.  You might want to start there.  I will check with my staff to determine if anyone knows her identity.”  He nods to one of the vampires to the right of us and Warrick leaves the office.
Ana glances at Cameron strangely but she continues her questions and asks one that we had this afternoon, trying to find out part of the information we need, “Do you know of any other weres in town other than the wolves that may have issues with the faerie?”
“Unfortunately, I cannot tell one wereanimal from another when they are in human form,” he explains.  “I know that the active weres in Chicago, other than the wolves, are the rats, the jaguars, and the leopards.  We have had our discussions over years.”
Ana looks to me, “Any questions from you, Jess?
“Have you noticed any strangers in town?  Maybe some very old strangers?” I ask.
Domenico’s intense eyes settle on me, “There are always strangers in a city this size.  Some are very old, but most keep to themselves.  You will have to be more specific, Dr. Farrell.  I may be able to help you if you tell me exactly what you are looking for.”
“If I were to provide you with a list of creatures, would you be able to tell me if they are in town?” I keep eye contact with him.  “I have the exact characteristics of these creatures and a small history as well.”
“Of course, I will help anyway I can.  Dr. Farrell, you have beautiful blue eyes, very striking.  They are so light and you know how to show them to their best advantage,” Domenico smiles showing a little fang on purpose. “Leave me a copy of this list and I will see what I can find out.”
I draw a copy of the list out of my purse and hand it to him across the desk. “Thank you for your assistance.”
His eyes still won’t leave mine, even as he takes the list. “Catherine, set up a meeting with the Wolves’ Alpha for Dr. Farrell, Detectives Fuentes and Roarke, and myself.  Catherine is cohabitating with the wolves’ beta,” he explains.  “I am sure you want to meet with the Alpha to ask these same questions.  Cameron indicated that they are also under suspicion for this crime.  I hope I have alleviated any suspicion that was cast on the vampires of this city.”
“We did not have any particular suspicions that this was a vampire crime, we are covering all possible bases.  But thank you for your assistance, we were trying to find a way to meet with the Alpha and the other lycan leaders in the city,” Ana closes her notebook.  “I think that is everything I need for now.  Jessica, if you don’t need anything else, we can be on our way.”  
Domenico still won’t take his gaze from mine, “My pleasure, Detective Fuentes, if you need anything further just let me know.  But before you go, I would like to speak to Dr. Farrell alone. Cameron, please take Detective Fuentes to the bar and see if Warrick has turned up any information on the girl.”  He nods to the other three vampires and they leave.
Cam takes Ana’s arm to escort her from the room.  She pulls away, “Jess, I’ll stay if you want me to.  Anything he has to say he can say to both of us.”
I take her hand and send a sense of calmness from my fingers to hers in reassurance, knowing she understands the purpose.  “I’ll be fine, Ana.  He doesn’t want to hurt me.  He’s just curious.  Nothing to do with the investigation, I promise.  If it was, I wouldn’t let you leave.”
Cam escorts Ana from the office.  I hear the door close behind them.  Domenico gets up from behind the desk and comes around to sit next to me in the chair Ana just vacated.  Up close his features and those are eyes even more striking.  He could have been the model for thousands of Renaissance sculptures, his features so chiseled they appear sculpted in marble, high, defined cheek bones, full lips, and a straight aquiline nose.
“What did you wish to speak to me about?” I break the silence.  “Do you want a demonstration of my power?  That’s what someone usually asks the first time I meet them and they know my reputation which I am sure you do.  You would be a lax Master if you didn’t.”
“That was a nice little trick you used on Ana.  And no, no demonstration is necessary.  I don’t need you to move the items on my desk around the room to prove your power as a witch.  Your earlier demonstration was enough,” he insists.  “How did you know the difference between the power of Zhao’s age and my power as the Master Vampire of Chicago?  I’ve never met a non-vampire that could.”
I try to come up with an explanation that makes sense of something that I just know.  “I can feel the age of a vampire like someone whispering it in my ear.  I know you are around nine hundred years old.    I could tell you that Catherine is only three hundred years old in comparison.  Once the factor of age is removed, I can feel real power underneath.  I sense it in all supernatural creatures and in humans who have psychic powers.  As I told Zhao, his weakness told me his name.  I can’t explain how, but he didn’t have the power to block me from finding it out.  But you are different; you radiate power, strength, more than any of the other vampires that were in the room.  I know that Catherine is a master vampire, as are Warrick, Michael and Sebastien, they are just not as powerful as you are.”
“You are beguiling, Dr. Farrell.  I’ve met other witches but none with your power.  Is it true you are Christian, a Catholic?” He never once breaks eye contact but still does not try to probe my mind.  It should have been unnerving but it wasn’t.
“It’s true, I’m Catholic.  I was born with my powers.  I didn’t develop them through studying Wicca or anything else.  I’ve just always had them, they just became stronger as I got older and learned to wield them.  They are a part of me.”  I conjure a glass of water in my hand in further demonstration and take a drink.
“I don’t even feel a shimmer of power in the air when you do that.  I didn’t even feel it when you used your power on Detective Fuentes, I only noticed her reaction.  It was the only indication that you were using your power,” he remarks unable to keep the shock out of his voice.
“It is s second nature to me now,” I try to dismiss the shock.  I’m a little uncomfortable with how appealing I’m finding him.  “I should be going now.  Thank you for your cooperation, Domenico.  Ana will notify me once you have the meeting set up with the Wolves’ Alpha.”
He takes my hand and brushes a kiss against my knuckles a second time and again I feel that shimmer of awareness.  “The pleasure was mine, Dr. Farrell.  If you have any other questions, you can reach me by calling the club.  At our next meeting, please call me Dom.  Domenico is so formal.  I hope you will let me call you Jessica.  I will review your list and contact you with what I find.”
“Thank you again, Domenico.” I am intentionally formal.  “Please just let Cameron know what you find.  He will inform me.”  I try to keep a distance in our relationship, even though I find him just as fascinating as he claims he finds me, it is not something I can afford to examine more closely.  I already have too much on my plate; I don’t need a physical attraction to the Master of the City.
“Jessica, I promise this will be the first of many meetings.  Having now met you, I am eager to get to know you better.  As I said, I find you mesmerizing; you have nothing to fear of my intentions.  I will be a perfect gentleman.”  He smiles again hiding his fangs from me this time.
I stand and walk toward the door to put some space between us.  Not that he was trying to be-spell me but I need the space to gather my thoughts.  I find his intensity intoxicating; normally I am immune to any power from a supernatural creature, so it can’t be his vampiric powers that have me enthralled.  I have met other vampires, some masters, but none like him.  “Domenico, I don’t think that is wise.  I am assisting the police on this investigation.  Cameron is the police liaison with the vampires of Chicago. My role is only advisory in this case and at the request of the Faerie Queen. Otherwise I would not be involved.  I have my bookstore and my teaching.”
He walks over to me and brushes his fingers against my cheek.  “It was time for us to meet.  I knew your reputation before this meeting, have read your books.  Even without this case, we would have met soon.  Prior to this meeting you were just an unknown oddity with great knowledge and power in my city, something I always try to dispel so my vampires don’t feel threatened.  Now that I have met you, I know you have the great knowledge and great power but that you are something more.  I am eager to find out exactly what so we will see each other again.   And I don’t expect all of our future meetings to be business.”  
With that startling comment, he opens the door for me and escorts me to the bar to meet up with Ana and Cameron, leaving me no time to fully digest the implications of what he said.  We politely say goodbye again and Cameron leads the way back out of the club.  
Outside, Ana tries to pull me aside; I can tell she is curious as to what happened with the Master.   I’m not ready to talk about it so I avoid her questions.  Instead, I make plans to meet up with them at the police station for the interview with Ian Merriweather and then we part ways to our respective vehicles.  
Once at the station, I follow Ana and Cameron into an interview room where Ian Merriweather is already waiting for us.  When I enter the room, I do a quick study of Merriweather trying to get a read on him before the interview begins.  His skin is a pale green, his eyes are violet, and he has emerald green hair, I can see through the glamour faeries use to make themselves appear human.  Most faerie could not pass for human without it; they would stand out with their skin and hair in all the colors of the rainbow and their strange eyes with no whites.  A normal human would not feel comfortable around them without this glamour and faeries love being around humans.   I take a seat next to Ana on the opposite side of the table from Merriweather.  Cameron takes the chair next to him.
“Ian Merriweather, I am Detective Cameron Roarke, this is Detective Ana Fuentes and Dr. Jessica Farrell, civilian consultant,” Cam makes the introductions. “Do we have your permission to record this interview?”
“Yeah, sure,” answers Merriweather, disdain obvious in his voice.  “My queen told me that I was to meet with you regarding Liam’s death and I am to answer any questions you have.”
“Did she also tell you what to say?” questions Cameron rudely in reaction to Merriweather’s tone, starting the recording with the remote on the table in front of him.
“I’m sure she told him to tell us whatever he knows,” Ana jumps in to defend Merriweather, playing nice.  I just sit back and watch their interview techniques play out and try to sense any magic that Merriweather may try to use to hide the truth.
Merriweather smiles at Ana, “Of course, she told me to cooperate with the police, as I always do when they are as beautiful as you, Officer Fuentes.”
“That’s Detective Fuentes, remember where you are and who we are,” growls Cameron trying to hide the jealousy in his voice at Merriweather’s blatant come on.  “But since you want to be so cooperative, tell us about Liam Connolly’s girlfriend.”
“I only know that he had a new girl he was hot for.  He wasn’t hanging out with me as much as he used to.  He was spending a lot of time with her.  They went clubbing together, out to restaurants.  The normal stuff couples do when they first get together,” he replies.
“Do you know her name? Did you ever meet her?”  Ana asks.
He smiles at her again. “Liam never mentioned her name and didn’t bring her around.  Actually, since he started seeing this girl I hadn’t seen Liam for a while.  About three months ago, he got involved with her, met her at work.  He stopped going out to the clubs with me and some other guys, we only saw him when he was at his mother’s court.”
“You’re one of his best friends and he doesn’t introduce you or even tell you the girl’s name?”  Cameron interjects.  “I find that hard to believe.”  
“Believe it,” assures Merriweather.  “The girl wasn’t fae so he didn’t bring her around.”
“Was Connolly out with you last night?” demands Cameron.
“No, I hadn’t seen him since last Saturday when we had a banquet for the court at the queen’s mansion.” He answers.  “He was probably out with her.”
“So he met her at work?” redirects Ana.  “Does she work at Claddagh, too?”
“She doesn’t work there.  He met her when she came in for drinks with friends.  That’s all he ever told me about her.  Made me think that she was someone his mother definitely wouldn’t like so she must not be human either,” he volunteers.  “The queen would be ok with a human so she must not be faerie or human.  That’s all I really know and it is already really late.  Am I free to go?”
“Thank you, Mr. Merriweather,” Ana states solicitously.  “You have been very helpful.  If we need anything further we will contact you.  You can go.”
Merriweather leaves, closing the door behind him.  Cameron stops the recording once Merriweather exits.
 “Well we know exactly what we knew before we talked to him,” Ana comments. “We already know the girl is a lycan, which is more than he knew.”
“Jess, do you think the faerie queen would be pissed enough to kill her own son over a non-fae girlfriend?” wonders Cameron.
“No, Liam was her baby,” I reply.  “Ana saw her reaction this morning; Siobhan was genuinely shocked about what happened?”
“So we really have nothing new,” Ana sums up.
I hate holding back information from them, but I have yet to find a way to introduce the information I received from Javier without Cameron and Ana wondering where I got it from so I keep silent, waiting for the right time.
“Let me see this list,” Cameron reaches out for the copy I pull out of my bag.  “Is there any way Ana and I can look these creatures up in the criminal database?  Any patterns or crimes that may indicate they are here?”
“In the profiles included, I have crimes you should be looking for if some of them are here, like the banshee.  You will find an increase in domestic violence calls in an area and at houses that normally don’t have those types of call,” I explain.
“Might as well get on it,” Cameron gets up to leave.  “You coming, Ana?”
“Give me a minute, I’ll be right there.  I just want to talk to Jess for second.”  Ana watches Cameron walk out of the room and close the door behind him.  Then she turns to me. “So are you going to tell me what happened with the Master of the City?”
“It was nothing.” I gather my notes together and get ready to leave. “Really, Ana, it was nothing important.  You don’t need to worry.”
“It sure didn’t look like nothing when you walked out that office at Bloodlust.  I’d almost swear you had been scared senseless, if I didn’t know you better.  You have to tell me sooner or later,” Ana insists as she gathers her files and we walk out of the room.  “You know you can talk to me about it.”
“Thanks, Ana.” I smile at her over my shoulder as we leave the interview room.  Cameron calls her over and I take that as my cue to head out.  I need some time to myself to think things over. And review what little we have learned about the case.
Later, once I am back at my apartment, even though I try to concentrate on the case, I can’t.  Instead, I try to figure out what compelled me to give the Master of the City a further demonstration of my power and how he made me so disconcerted.  I’m usually very cautious and rarely so out of sorts around preternatural creatures.  Domenico was not what I had expected.  I had learned from past meetings with master vampires to expect the power he had, to expect the test of my abilities.  I had not expected my complete cooperation or my attraction to him.  He obviously has a violent side or he wouldn’t be Master of the City but he didn’t radiate violence like some of the other masters I have met.
When we left the club, Ana had tried to question me about him but I kept quiet that was also not like me at all.  Even later, after the unproductive interview with Ian Merriweather, when she took me aside, I still told her nothing.  Cameron finally had to distract her with work before she would leave me alone.  Work wouldn’t be a distraction for long with Ana; she’s like a dog with a bone when she wants information, even from a friend.  I need to figure out my confusion before she questions me again.  The strange thing is I don’t understand why I didn’t tell her. 
I’m pondering that thought over a cup of tea at my kitchen table when someone knocks at my door.  I go answer it to find just the vampire I wanted to see, Cameron.  I let him in and go back to my tea.  He takes a seat across from me.
“Where’s Ana?” I ask.
“She’s at the station working on some paperwork. I told her I had to run out on some vampire business.  You looked stunned after our meeting with the Master so I came over to check on you.”  Cameron replies.
“I was stunned,” I advise him.  “The Master of the City is not what I expected.  I have met other master vampires but none like him.  I can see why he is Master of Chicago.”
“For a Master of the City, he is not as violent as other masters I have heard about.  He holds the loyalty of the vampires but also their respect for his fairness,” Cam explains.  “I think he was just as stunned by you.  He had asked about you in the past when he found out that Ana was assigned to be my partner and that she is a close friend of yours.  You have quite the name in this city yourself so it was only natural that he would be curious about you.  Though the time alone with you was an unusual request for him, normally he does not meet with anyone without at least one of his lieutenants with him.  When you came out of his office, you both seemed distracted.”
“Is that your way of asking what happened without asking?”
“It is not my place to ask.  He is my Master and I have no right to ask what happened.  But you are also my friend, Jess, so I want to make sure whatever happened, you are okay.  You don’t have to attend the meeting with the Alpha if you don’t want to.  If he made you uncomfortable …” 
“I will attend the meeting with the Alpha, it won’t be a problem.  And to reassure you, nothing happened; I will give you an explanation even though you don’t claim to need one.  He asked how I knew that Zhao was not the master, how I knew his age.  He asked me about my abilities.  I tried to explain the best I could.  We just talked about my powers and what I can do with them.  I think I confuse him.”
“That is new for Domenico.  I expect he will want to see you again if that is the case.  He is never confused about anything.  He always knows his own mind and normally the minds of those around him before they do.  That is why he is a good Master.”
“He approved of Ana.”
“Got that did you.  I thought you probably would.  Yes, he approves of Ana.  I have his permission to enter into a relationship with her if she is interested.  I think it is her strength and honesty.  I wasn’t sure about her being in on the meeting when she insisted on coming but now I am glad that she was.”
“I thought that was what you two were arguing about when I got to the club.  I think I owe you an apology about that I am the one who encourage Ana to attend tonight. Sorry about causing trouble, good thing it all worked out for the best.  Anyway, don’t worry about me. I’ll be ok.  I can take care of myself, even with your Master. Thanks for your concern though, Cameron, I appreciate it.”
“Well as long as you are ok, then I’ll leave it at that.”
“Did you and Ana find any crimes that can link to any of the creatures on my list?” I quickly change the subject since he readily accepted my explanation and my reassurances.
“Not yet.  This case seems to be hitting a lot of road blocks,” he comments.  “Maybe we will have better luck with the wolves.”
“We can only try.”
Cameron gets up from his chair and heads for the door.  “Take care, Jess.  I will see you tomorrow night.”
I follow him over, “Is that when the meeting is?”
“It’s not been set yet but I expect that it will be.  If not, I still think the three of us should get together to go over any leads we may find.” He kisses my cheek. “Good Night, Jess.  Take care.”
“Good night, Cam.” I shut the door behind him and then step to the window and watch him get into his car to drive back to the station.  I decide to try to get some sleep since I have to be up to open the store in the morning.  It’s only 2 a.m., an early night considering I am dealing with vampires and weres.
I crawl into bed with my list of creatures for the case to go over one more time before calling it a night.  But I still can’t keep my mind on the case; my thoughts keep straying to an enigmatic vampire with a pair of penetrating golden brown eyes.  I fall asleep replaying my conversation with Domenico in my head.




CHAPTER FOUR

The next morning, I am awoken at seven by a knock at my door.  I had the alarm set for eight so I groan, rollover, and hope they go away.  But the knocking persists.  Since they are not going away, I decide I better get up and see who it is; it may be important or have something to do with the murder investigation.  I put on my robe over my sleep shorts and t-shirt and go to answer my summons.  I open the door to find a flower delivery boy holding a large vanilla orchid plant.
“Flower delivery for Jessica Farrell,” he announces.
“At seven in the morning, why are you here this early?  I thought flower delivery normally doesn’t start until eight or nine?” I ask.
“There were specific instructions with this delivery.  It was to be the first delivery of the morning and I was told to knock until someone answered the door,” he explains.  “Sign here please.”
I take the clipboard he holds out and sign next to my computer printed name and address.  “Let me get you a tip.”  I start to turn away.
“Not necessary,” he hands the potted orchid over to me.  “I was given a generous tip as part of the order for this delivery.  Have a nice day.”  He turns and starts back down the steps to his delivery van.
I close the door and take the beautiful plant to the table and set it down.  I take out the card stuck on little skewer just for that purpose, open the envelope, and read it.

Jessie – You are a most captivating woman.  I hope we can get to know each other better.  You are a rare orchid among a city of wildflowers.  – Dom

I drop down onto the closest chair in disbelief.  I just got flowers and a handwritten card from the Master of the City.  I have no idea what to do, I’m not sure if I’m intimidated or fascinated.  I definitely can no longer convince myself his interest in me is purely professional.  I replayed our meeting last night so many times in my head and I still struggle with the fact that my being a witch didn’t spark more of an interest than just curiosity in how I passed his test.  Normally, when a master vampire meets me for the first time and learns of my talents, they try to pull me into their employ so I can use those talents for their benefit. Domenico, Dom, didn’t even mention it.  Unless this is his way of trying to get me to ally myself with him but he seemed more interested in me as a woman than Dr. Jessica Farrell, Preternatural Scientist and witch.  The flowers and card this morning only confirm that suspicion.  Unable to resolve even my own thoughts, I start some coffee brewing and get ready for a long day ahead.
It is late afternoon and I have been working in the store all day trying to put thoughts of Domenico aside though I brought the orchid down with me and put it in the front window where it can get lots of sun.  When the chimes over the door signal an arrival, I look up to find Ana strolling toward me.  She looks better rested than yesterday and much more determined to get me to talk to her.
“Ana, you look better today,” I remark.  “Looks like you got some sleep.  Did you and Cameron have any luck with my list?”
“Before we start talking about the case, Jess, I want some answers.”  Ana stops right in front of me.  “Last night I let it be, but when you came out of your meeting with the Master of the City, I knew that something was wrong.  I’m your best friend; you know you can talk to me.  So spill it, what’s going on?”
“Ana, I know I can talk to you.  Last night I was flustered, I didn’t feel like talking about it.  It was a little unnerving,” I admit.  “But having slept on it, today I find it is even more unnerving.”  I head over to a table and take a seat and gesture for Ana to take the chair across from me.  “Did you notice the flowers in the window?”
“Yes, they’re beautiful.  But don’t change the subject,” she insists.
“I’m not changing the subject, they are from him, Domenico, the Master of the City,” I explain.  “Last night, when he asked to speak with me, he asked how I knew about Zhao.”
“No big secret, isn’t that something that normally happens when you guess their age?” Ana interrupts.  “So why are you so unsettled today? And why did he send the flowers?”
“He claims he finds me intriguing.  That he expects we will be getting together again for reasons other than business, his words not mine.  He had the flowers delivered at seven in the morning.  I think he wanted them to be the first thing I saw today.  It could be a play to get me to work for him but for some reason I don’t think it is.  Maybe I should be afraid.”  I hesitate to continue and voice my own feelings.
“But,” Ana prompts.
“I find him just as beguiling.  Domenico is like no master vampire I have ever met.  But that is not why I am so confused.  Ana, I’m attracted to him.  Last night, I felt something between us. It was strange.  I felt connected like we had met before and I recognized him.   Except, I know I have never met him before last night.”
“I guess you weren’t the only one that felt it if the flowers are any indication.  He must have felt it too.  He really didn’t seem like someone that would have to use underhanded methods to get a woman’s attention, even if only to get them to work for him.  So what is the problem, the whole Master of the City crap or the whole vampire crap?  He’s not ugly, actually he’s pretty hot.  Why don’t you want to feel anything for him?”
“The vampire thing isn’t that big a deal to me.  The Master of the City thing is a little bit more difficult to overlook but I still can get past it.  I can’t throw stones at another supernatural creature when some consider me one as well.  I think it is the attraction itself.  I didn’t expect it and I didn’t expect him.  Like I said, he is like no master vampire I’ve ever met.  This may sound corny but when he kissed my fingers, I got a little turned on.  Then before we left his office, he brushed his fingers against my cheek and I felt that rush of attraction again.  To the point that I hoped he would kiss me.  Stupid, isn’t it?”
“I’m not one to throw stones.  I’m still waiting for Cam to try kissing me.  I know he can tell how much I want him to but still he hesitates.  Maybe the attraction is just a thing with vampires, some kind of vampire pheromones that make a woman want them.”
“We both know that isn’t true, we’ve studied them or what little that is known about them.  We’ve also been around other vampires and not had this reaction.  If it was true we would be affected by every vampire and so would everyone else.  I don’t even think I can compare you and Cameron to this; you’ve worked together for a while now.  I just met this guy.”
“Cam and I have worked together for a little over a year now but when I first met him, I felt that spark of attraction.  When he shook my hand that first time at our introduction, I felt more than sparks; I felt a fire start to burn inside me.  I think I offended him at first because I drew my hand away it was so unexpected.  He and I have never talked about it but I know I mentioned it to you at the time and I’m sure you remember how I felt about it.  Lust at first sight, I think I called it but I knew better than to act on it because he was my new partner.”
“I hope now you aren’t so hesitant.  After a year, I know that fire hasn’t burned out, I can tell when you look at him when he’s not paying attention.  And you have to know he feels something too after Domenico’s strange comments to him last night.”
“I kind of thought that was what that was all about; he asked permission from his master, didn’t he? Though I didn’t think he needed it to date a human.”
“Normally no, but you are a cop and his partner.  If something happened you could make it miserable for the vampires, if you were the wrong kind of person.  I think your strength of character persuaded Domenico that it was worth the risk for Cameron.  Normally, master vampires are a good judge of character; it is something they can sense.”
“I know, it is a skill that Cam has developed lately, very handy in interviewing suspects.  But that also means that Cam is developing powers as a master vampire, isn’t he?”
“Yes, Cam is relatively young for a vampire but as he ages some of his powers increase.  I thought I sensed that underlying strength of a master in him when I first met him but I still hadn’t seen any of the distinct master vampire abilities develop in him, guess this is the first.”
“Appears to be, but we have gotten off the subject.  You are very good at steering the conversation away from you and your problems today.”
Before I can continue, we both turn as the chimes over the door sound.  Jack walks in and heads over to us.  I glance down at my watch, four p.m., later than I thought.  I guess there is too much on my mind today that the time has just flown.
“Hello, Ana, Jess.  Looks like I’m interrupting some serious girl talk,” he greets us.  
“Hi, Jack.  Hear anything from the art school yet?”  Ana inquires.
“No, not yet but I’m still hoping,” he advises.
“You know you’ll get in,” I insist.  “I know that letter will be here soon.”
“I wish my nerves could be so sure,” he laughs.  “The waiting is driving me nuts. Anyway, I know you ladies were busy so I’ll just go wander around and straighten up.  If you need anything just shout.  Jess, I’ll take care of any customers that come in.”
“Thanks,” I watch him retreat to the backroom to put his coat and backpack away and to give Ana and me our privacy again.  “Any other new traits, Cam’s developed?”  I try to steer the conversation back to Cam and away from me.
Unfortunately, Ana won’t be distracted from where we left off.  “Don’t try to change the subject again.  We were back to talking about you and your master vampire.”
“He’s not my master vampire,” I insist.  “I’m not sure what he is but I know he is not mine.  Even if, and that is a big if, I decided to see where this attraction leads, I don’t think he’d ever be mine.  More like I’d be his, not that I would allow that, but he is very powerful, Ana.”
“I don’t doubt that,” she agrees.  “I know he read my thoughts last night to determine my intentions with Cam and to gauge my honesty, integrity, whatever reasons he had for it but I didn’t even feel it.  Not like when others try and I can sense it and block them.  He slid right past my defenses.  The only reason I know is because after he found whatever he was looking for, he left me with a sense that he was apologizing for it.  It was the apology that told me he did anything, without it, I would never have known.  I thought that was strange, that he would let me know what he did when he could have done nothing and I would have been none the wiser.  I don’t think most vampires would do that.  It kind of lets the secret out that they can read your mind and puts them at a disadvantage at future encounters.”
“No, they wouldn’t let you know, you’re right about that.  It would let you prepare for future meetings with them, letting you work harder on blocking your thoughts, putting you at an advantage. Most master vampires won’t let you have any advantages over them,” I explain.  “He didn’t even try it with me, though.  Don’t you find that strange?  When I first got into the office the others tried but he did not.”
“Maybe it was out of respect.  After you left the station last night, I tried to find out what was going on from Cam.  He didn’t seem to know.  But he did mention that even prior to the meeting; Domenico had a lot of respect for you.  That he had read your books and asked Cam about you.”
“Domenico told me the same thing.  The first time I looked him in the eye, when I identified him as the master, I saw not only respect in his eyes but awe.  I think I shocked him with my abilities.  But when he took my hand, I almost think I saw something else pass through his eyes.  Vampires don’t normally let themselves convey their thoughts through their eyes.  Or if they do, it is something contrived.  For some reason, I don’t think his reactions were contrived.  The awe and respect seemed real.”
“What about whatever else you saw?  What was it?  Maybe the same fire you felt at his touch.  You’re not a nun, Jess, that fire is not a bad thing.  And I know in however many years he’s been around, looking like that he has not been a monk.  He personifies tall, dark and handsome.  He must be Hispanic in origin as most vampires aren’t tan for obvious reasons but he was.  Not to mention, the gorgeous wavy black hair and golden brown eyes, if you like that kind of thing.  Obviously you know I like men with that air of Ireland about them but you have different tastes.  Does his age bother you; I mean he must be at least two, three hundred years old to be the Master of the City?”
“His age is a bit intimidating, and before you ask I won’t tell you exactly but he’s older than three hundred.  I can’t deny that he is gorgeous.  But I won’t say that I saw the so called fires of passion in his eyes.  I really can’t put a name on what I saw.”
“You don’t send extremely expensive, rare orchids so someone you respect and are in awe of, maybe roses, not red of course, but never orchids.  Was there a note?”
I reach into the pocket of my jeans and hand the note to her to read.  She glances at it, her eyes widen as she reads it a second time.  “Definitely not just respect and awe,” she confirms.  “Just reading it, I feel the heat there.  He is hot for you.”
“Ana, I wouldn’t go that far.  I know I’m not ugly, I’m reasonably attractive, but I don’t inspire men to be hot for me, even vampire men who would not be as intimidated by what I am and my abilities.”
“Jess, he hand wrote the card.  If it wasn’t him that wrote it, you know that it would have been computer generated by the flower shop.  That he took that kind of interest, it means something more.  He’s far from intimidated.”
“But you’re pushing it beyond interested,” I’m interrupted by the chimes on the door again.  I look up to see who it is just as Jack comes out from behind the shelves to greet the customer.  Upon seeing the faerie queen, I wave him back, take the note from Ana, and shove it back into my pocket.  I nod toward the door and Ana turns around to see who the visitor is.
I make my way over to her and greet her, “Siobhan, what brings you here, personally?”
“Jessica, I was on my way home from the day spa, I needed some relaxation after what’s happened.  I thought I would stop by to see what you have discovered.”  She looks over at Ana.  “I see my timing is perfect with Detective Fuentes here I’m sure to get the most up-to-date information on my son’s murder.”
“My lady,” Ana acknowledges her.
Siobhan head over to the table where Ana and I were just sitting and talking, takes a seat and makes herself at home.  “I’ll take some tea, Earl Grey, if you have it.”
I head behind the counter and make her a cup of tea; I bring it over along with coffee for Ana and me.  Once I have taken my seat, I nod to Ana deferring to her since she is the one actually working on the investigation for the police.
“We are still pursuing several leads.  Through the search of Liam’s apartment and Mr. Merriweather’s interview along with our interview of the Master of the City, we have ascertained that Liam was dating a lycan girl.  We are not sure if this had anything to do with his death but we think she was the last to see him alive.  We have not yet located her, all we have right now is a description of the girl and that she is lycan.  Additionally, Jessica has assembled a list of possible supernatural suspects that have grudges against the faerie,” Ana pauses.
“Against the faerie or against me?  Normally when one’s son is murdered it is more personal in nature.” Siobhan interrupts, turning to me.  “I want to see the list.  I’m sure the information it contains is not something I want becoming public knowledge.”
I go back behind the counter and grab a copy of the list out my bag and hand it to Siobhan.  “You have many enemies, as I am sure you know, Siobhan.  So yes, the list is suspects that have a grudge against you.  I’ve narrowed it down to those who have a chance of being here in the city undetected thus far.”
“Detective Roarke and I have been going through the list to weed out some suspects by looking for other crimes that may have been committed by them while they’ve been here in the area.  Additionally, the Master of the City is using his resources to determine if any of these creatures have been seen around,” Ana continues.  “Right now, we are also working on setting up a meeting with each of the lycan leaders in the area to help us locate the girl and to determine if they have had any involvement in the crime.”
Siobhan glances down at the list as Ana finishes her update.  “Thank you for the information, Ana.  A very comprehensive list, Jessica, I don’t know if I should be flattered or disturbed that you know so much about me and my past.  Detective Fuentes, you mentioned the Master of the City has a copy of this list.  Who approved that?
“As I am sure you know my partner, Cameron Roarke, is a vampire.  So…,” Ana begins.
“I did,” I interrupt, seeing where this is headed before the queen raises any further objections.  “He won’t use it against you, Siobhan.  I know that is what you are really worried about.  That the Master of the City has a list he can use to blackmail you with or to strike against you with.”
“He said the two of you have never met, that his only interaction with faerie is through his businesses,” adds Ana.  “Are you telling us that is not the case?”
“No, I’ve never met him.  I only know him by reputation.  But it is a formidable reputation.  He could use that information as leverage against me.” Siobhan turns to me accusingly, “And you just handed it right over to him, Jessica.”
“I guarantee he will not, Siobhan,” I return her direct gaze just as coldly.  “The information I provided is available to anyone who would know where to look for it.  That I assembled it in one place is the only difference.”
“A list of my enemies all in one place is what is at issue here, not information that is from several old books but information assembled in one place in the hands of a very powerful man.  Make no mistake, Jessica, he will use it for leverage against me.”  Siobhan doesn’t take her eyes off me.  “Maybe I was the one mistaken when I asked you to represent me.”
“You can withdraw your request and I will no longer be involved then.”  I won’t bow down to her, but continue to look her in the eye. “I will still offer you my personal guarantee that he will not use that list against you.”
Siobhan lowers her eyes first, a small victory that I will probably pay for later. “I will take your personal guarantee then.  And you will continue to represent my interests here but the list goes to nobody else.  I will take this copy with me and do my own search.”
“We do not plan on handing the list out to everyone we interview,” Ana assures her.  “But the Master of the City has a lot of influence and information within the supernatural community that even the police do not have available to them.”
“I’m sure he does,” Siobhan doesn’t hide her sarcasm.  “Just see that the police keep this list confidential as well, Detective Fuentes.  I wouldn’t like to see my skeletons being released from their closets.”
“It will be,” Ana confirms.  
“That’s all we have, Siobhan,” I interject.   “If we find out anything we feel you need to know, I will contact you.  Please let me know if the list turns up any information on your side.  So do you have any other information for us or was this just a courtesy visit?”
“You are being a snide little bitch, Jessica, I would watch myself if I were you.  And no, I have found out nothing more than you already know.  Since you are trying so politely to tell me to leave, I will, but remember your personal guarantee.  If you can’t keep it, the police won’t be able to protect you from my wrath.”  With that warning, Siobhan gets ups and glides from the store.
I stand up and follow her to the door.  Outside, I see her get into a Rolls Royce and motion for her driver to go.  I turn back to Ana, “Guess she’s not very happy with me.”
Ana laughs, “Or just a little paranoid.  You could have let Cam and I take the heat on the list.  We are the police; it is our discretion as to who we involve in this investigation.”
“You do not want to be on her bad side,” I assure her.  “She may seem somewhat harmless but she’s not.  Whatever reprisal she tries to take, better me than the two of you.  I already know what to expect.  And don’t doubt she will try to find some way to show that she has reprimanded me.”
“So she’s just a little vindictive,” Ana remarks pulling a notebook out of her purse. “But since, Siobhan got us started on this track, I might as well give you a full update on what Cam and I found out last night.  We were able to confirm there were a couple of the creatures on your list in town recently.  They were questioned on some cases that are still under investigation.  We are trying to locate their current whereabouts so we can question them.  There are three banshees, a troll and a goblin.  I’m sure it must be the queen’s stunning personality, so evident today, which helped her to alienate entire races of supernatural creatures.”
“Why do you think they kicked her out of the British Isles,” I comment.  “So when will you be conducting these interviews?”
“We might get some done tonight, depends on what turns up with the addresses we have and if we are seeing the Werewolves.  You’re welcome to join us on the interviews.  But that is all we have so far.  I still don’t know how to get in contact with other lycan leaders in Chicago.  Have you had any luck with that?”
“I have a lead on the Jaguars; I’ll let you know what comes of it.  The others, I have no idea.  Hopefully, Cam will have better luck locating them through his vampire contacts.  It’s not like they advertise who they are.”
“No kidding.”  Ana’s mobile phone rings, she checks the caller id. “It’s Cam.”  She answers the phone, “Good evening, day-sleeper.”  The one myth about vampires that holds true is that can’t go out in sunlight with suffering grave injury and possible death from burning.  Also their powers are affected by the sun and they weaken as dawn gets closer and thus need to sleep.  Younger vampires sleep from dawn to dusk but the older ones are awake during part of the day. Even so, they cannot go outside or they will be severely burned by the sunlight and a younger vampire may even be killed by only a short exposure.
I walk away to give her some privacy and busy myself with the washing the dishes in the small kitchen behind the café portion of my store.  Once I’m finished with the dishes, I make sandwiches for Ana to take with her for hers and Cameron’s dinner.  After she finishes her call, she seeks me out.
“Cam wants me to pick him up so we can head into the station to make some calls on those addresses before shift,” She grabs a cookie out of the bakery box on the cabinet before continuing.  “He has no word on the meeting with the wolves, yet.  I told him about our chat with the faerie queen.  He said to tell you that you don’t need to continue on this case if your every action will cause the faire queen to exact retribution on you.” 
“I hope you told him that I can take care of myself,” I hand her the sandwiches.  “He doesn’t need to worry.  I can handle Siobhan.”
“I did,” she smiles.  “You know men; don’t think a girl can take care of herself.  Thanks for the sandwiches.  I’ll call you later.”
“No problem, talk to you later.”  I walk her to the door.
She gets in the car, starts it, and puts the window down.  “Remember what we talked about.  There could be something to it.  Don’t discount the sparks between Domenico and you, could be the start of a raging inferno,” she advises.  Then she puts the window back up and drives away, leaving me shaking my head in disbelief at her persistence.




CHAPTER FIVE

Shortly after Ana leaves, my cell phone rings.  I grab it, see Javier’s number and head to my office for some privacy.  “Hello, Javier, what’s up?”
“Hi, Jess,” greets Javier.  “I have good news.  You can see the jaguar Conde tonight.  He agreed to the meeting.  Can you make yourself available?”
“I should be able to,” I reply.  “Will you ensure that Isabelle is available as well?”
“She should also be there,” he advises.  “She is still pretty shook up but wants to help if she can.  She loved Liam, she wants his killer caught.  I will also be in attendance.  My Conde demands it.”
“What about Ana?” I ask.  “The police need to be in on this interview.  I can’t conduct it myself.  This is their investigation and I am not part of the police force.”
“I know that the police need to be there. I was hoping you could help out with that,” he pleads.  “Is there any way just you can come and Ana can be excluded?  Maybe you can tell her the meeting was spur of the moment.”
“No,” I state.  “But I can try to get Cameron to help us out.  If I do, I have to tell him why and tell him about you.  Are you ok with that?  This is your secret; I won’t say anything without your approval.”
“He’s Ana’s partner.  Will he tell her about me?”
“He doesn’t like to keep secrets from Ana but I am sure he will in this case, as a favor.  Try to not make him regret helping you.”
“Why would you say that?  Do you think I will make him regret it?”
“Maybe.  He might need your support in the future, I expect you to provide it.”
“Sounds like you are threatening me here.  But I get the picture; he likes my sister doesn’t he?”
“Yes, he does and your sister likes him.  Don’t make it an issue.  Ana will have enough problems with your father; she doesn’t need to fight with you too.”
“I get it, Jess.  You help me, I help Ana.  What makes you think they will get together soon?”
“Ana’s my best friend, I know her, and she’s worked through her reservation with Cam being a vampire.  And being Cameron’s friend, I know he genuinely cares for her and wants to take their relationship to the next level.  But that is off the subject, expect Cam and I around ten tonight at your restaurant.”
“And Ana?  What will you tell her?”
“I will ask Cam to create a work conflict or something.  We’ll work something out but we will tell her about the interview just leaving you out of it.  Ok?”
“Yeah, ok.  Thanks again, Jess, you are a lifesaver.”
“I know.  See you tonight, Javier.”
“See you tonight,” Javier hangs up.
Next I call Cameron to explain the situation.  He answers his mobile on the second ring.
“This is Detective Roarke,” he states.
“Cam, it’s Jess.  I need a favor for a friend,” I open.  “Don’t say my name, as this favor concerns Ana and I am sure she is not far away, right.”
“Right,” he replies.  “So what can I help you with?”
“We have meeting with Werejaguar Familia, tonight.  Only problem is, Ana’s brother, Javier is their second in command and Ana and her family have no clue.  Javier wants to keep it that way.  I need you to schedule another interview at the same time so we can divide our efforts, Ana can go the other interview and you can come with me,” I explain.  “The meeting is at ten.  I know you don’t like lying to Ana, neither do I.  Unfortunately, the jaguar Conde will not let Javier out of attending.”
“Is there no other way?” he questions.  “I don’t like the route this is taking.  It makes the situation suspect.”
“No it doesn’t,” I try to assure him.  “The only thing that is suspect is the lying to Ana.  Javier will tell her in his own time.  He is her twin.”
“I understand but I don’t have to like it,” he grudgingly admits.
“I know you try to be completely honest with Ana, so do I,” I reassure him.
“Ok,” he agrees with some reluctance.  “We will find a way to work it out.”
“I’ll call Ana in a couple of hours and tell her about the meeting.  Please just try to schedule the conflicting interview. I’ll take care of the rest.  I really am sorry about this,” I apologize.  “Afterward, we’ll tell her all about the meeting just leaving her brother out of it.  And Cam, they have the lycan girl.  She’s a jaguar and she wants to help us as much as she can.”  
“That’s very interesting. I see you’ve been busy.  I’ll make the arrangements as you suggest,” he confirms.  “I have to get back to work.”
“Thanks again, Cam.”  I hang up knowing Cameron will make the necessary arrangements.  I decide to get some of my work done in the store so I can concentrate on the case later.  It looks like my long hours will continue another night.
At around seven, I’m working in my office, updating the store’s accounting records when Jack calls me to the front of the store.  “Jess, you have to come out here and see this.  You won’t believe it if you don’t.”
“What is it?” I ask as I walk out of my office in the back room.  “Are there naked Wiccans chanting in front of my store again?”  Every so often, I get Wiccans who think my store must be built on sacred ground and decide to try commune with nature or the goddess.  Unfortunately, they think they need to do that sky-clad.  That’s Wiccan for naked.
“Look out the front window.  We have some new customers, either that or they are lost and need directions back to the Southside,” he indicates, gesturing me forward.  “That is not our normal clientele.  I didn’t think we had much to appeal to the rap and hip-hop crowd.”
Parked out front is a Cadillac Escalade in bright fire engine red with chrome spinning rims.  Getting out of it is four black men dressed in hoodies, baggy jeans looking two sizes too big, Timberlands, and more gold than a jewelry store.  They head toward my door.  I move off toward the back where I am hidden from view by the tall shelves wary of anyone new and so obviously out of place coming around while I’m working on this investigation with the police. Jack stands off to my right near the cash register, ready to greet them when they enter. 
“We don’t get many Southsiders but they are still customers, right,” I remark before they enter the store.  Jack has worked with me long enough to understand the types of situation that seem to pop up around me.  “Ask them if they need any help.  I’ll be around if you need me.”
The door chimes and the four men walk in, looking around.  They are definitely not my normal type of customer.  I don’t normally get customers that come from the south side of Chicago, as it appears these did.  Not that I don’t get customers of other races, after all supernatural creatures cross human race boundaries, but usually not the type that looks like they just step off the set of a rap video.  But I do sense supernatural power emanating from all of them so that could account for their presence.
“Can I help you gentlemen with anything?”  Jack greets them as if their presence is nothing out of the ordinary.
“We’re looking for the witch,” the one in front replies.  “We were told we’d find her here.  This is her place, isn’t it?”
“If you mean, Dr. Farrell, yes, this is her store,” Jack confirms.  “But she is in the middle of something, maybe I can help you.”
“I don’t think so, kid,” he looks around some more, looking for me.  “Tell her that someone is here to see her.”
“Do you have a name?”  Jack asks.
“She’s the one who wanted to see me, tell her to get her ass out here if she wants to talk,” the man in front, who appears to be the leader, demands.  The other three don’t say a word, just stand slightly behind him.
I step around the bookshelves and out into the open.  “It’s ok, Jack.  I’ll take care of these gentlemen.”  He gives me a skeptical look but moves away.  “If you gentlemen would like to take a seat in the café, we can talk there.”
The leader of the group follows me over to a table, leaving his friends behind watching his back.  “So you’re the wicked witch of the Chicago?  You don’t look so powerful to me.”
I take a seat at a table and indicate the chair across from me.  “It appears you have me at a disadvantage.  You know who I am but I have no idea who you are.”
“I’m Jamal.  I’m the Rat King,” he pulls out the chair, flips it around and straddles it.  “Queenie, said you wanted to see me.”
“Who’s Queenie?” I ask.
“Faerie Queen of the dark court,” he advises.  “We do some business together.  She called me today and told me you were looking for me.  So what do you want with the Rats, witch?”
Understanding dawns, Siobhan sent him.  “I’m sure you and the faerie queen are old friends.  Didn’t she tell you why I wanted to see you?”  I try to discover how much she has told him about the investigation.
“Like I said, we have business.  She said she needed me to do her a favor and to come see you.  That was it.”
“I see.  Let me just explain the situation then.  I am assisting the police, at her request, with their investigation into her son’s murder.  I’m sure you heard on the news that her youngest son was murdered two nights ago.  The police and I are trying to meet with representatives from all the supernatural creatures with a considerable presence in Chicago.  We were told that the wererats are one of those groups.  Do you know anything about Liam’s death?”
“Why would I?  Because of what and who I am, I should know something? I’m discriminated against no matter what or who I am.”
“I didn’t say that.  As I first stated; we are meeting with all the supernatural groups in Chicago that includes the leaders of the wereanimals here.  I have already met with the Master of the City.  The police are still in the early stages of their investigation and we are still trying to narrow down the suspects.  Liam’s murder points to a preternatural creature.  He has been seen in the company of a lycan girl recently.  We are looking for information.”
“The Rats don’t play nice with other lycans and if the prince were with one of my girls, I’d know about it.  We wouldn’t do anything to hurt our business with Queenie.  When you make the profits we do with her, you don’t jeopardize that.  We’re all about getting what’s due to us; the faerie queen makes sure we do.”
“I’m sure you wouldn’t jeopardize your business or your relationship with the queen. Thanks for your time.  I don’t need anything further.  You can tell the queen you did your duty by her.”
“That’s it, you’re dismissing me like you’re some kind of royalty, witch.  I’d heard you were powerful but you don’t look too powerful to me.  You are just another uptight chick just like any other piece of ass bitch.  I doubt you have enough power to stop me from taking whatever I want here.”
I hear Jack’s sharp intake of breath at the Rat King’s loud and blatant insults and threats.  He starts to move toward us to jump to my defense but the other wererats restrain him.
Jamal glances over his shoulder at Jack and laughs, “You think the little boy can protect you from me, witch?  My crew will tear him apart.  You ever seen a rat tear into a human, with a wererat, it’s a hundred times worse, we rip them to shreds within minutes.”
“Let him go,” I demand.
“Or what, you’ll cast a spell on me?  Turn me into toad, maybe,” he taunts. “You are just a little witch with a human as backup.  You can’t do anything to me; we’d be on you in seconds.  In the time it would take you to do a spell, I would be at your throat.”
I understand now why Siobhan sent the Rat King to see me, my lesson.  She thought she could use a thug to intimidate me.  She should have known better.  But then, maybe she needed the Rat King to learn a lesson as well and thought she could kill two birds with one stone.  
“Let him go,” I calmly request.  Trying one last time to prevent whatever retribution the faerie queen has planned.
“You don’t seem to understand, witch.  I do what I want.  The Rats have always done what they wanted.  It’s two, if you want to count the human, against four.  And no witch and a kid are going to stop us,” he leans across the table toward me.  “Like I said I just take something if I want it.  Maybe I should take all the cash you have in the store to pay me for my time.  Or maybe a piece of your ass, that could be payment enough.”
I look him straight in the eye with no fear, “I will say it one more time, LET HIM GO.”
He can sense I am not afraid of him and I can tell it is making him angrier.  “Bitch, don’t threaten me.”  In the blink of an eye, he is over the table, knocking me over in my chair and wrapping his fingers around my throat pressing hard, cutting off my airway.
But before his grip can tighten enough to fully cut off my breathing, I hammer him back on to the table with knock back spell.  He is momentarily stunned.  I use the same spell to beat back two of his crew as they try to get to me to protect or assist their king.  As I turn back to the Rat King, he is starting to lunge for me again, leaving me with no time to prepare a counterattack.  
In that second before he reaches me, I see a blur of motion behind him and he is tossed against the wall on the far side of the café.  Before my mind can make sense of what just happened, I see a familiar tall, dark-haired man pinning the Rat King to the wall.
“Jamal, touch her again and I will give you a wound you won’t be able to heal,” Domenico growls in warning.
“Well, well, so that’s the way it is,” the Rat King taunts, losing none of his cockiness despite being held a foot off the ground by his throat.  “The witch has a vampire protector.  And she doesn’t have just any ordinary vampire protecting her, but the Master of the City. She must be good.  I knew I was right to want to take a piece of that ass.”
Domenico slams Jamal’s head into the wall a second time. “I do not make empty threats, Jamal.  If you doubt me, touch her again and find out what happens.”
I walk over and place a hand on Domenico’s shoulder.  “Put him down.  Please, Domenico, you’ll do more damage to my wall than to his head.”  
Still holding the Rat King pinned against the wall by the throat, Domenico glances at me over his shoulder.  “Did he hurt you?” he demands.
“No,” I assure him.  “Now, please put him down.”
Domenico lets go and Jamal falls to the floor.  I drop my hand from his shoulder and take a step back.  I feel the connection between Domenico and me even with just that slight of a touch and need some distance between us.  
When Domenico starts to turn away, Jamal tries to take advantage of the moment.  He quickly shifts his hand into his rat claw and tries to take a swipe at him.  Domenico, sensing the movement, glides out of the path of the Rat King’s claws but before he can counter, I use a fireball spell and launch it at Jamal.  My fireball lands on the Rat King’s shifted claw burning him and causing him to shift it back to a hand but the effect of my spell remains, leaving his hand with what looks like a third degree burn.  
At a rush of movement from behind us, Domenico glares down at Jamal.  “Attack us and we will kill your king,” he announces without even looking at the other wererats, knowing the Rat King is the only one who can call off his pack.
With murder in his eye, Jamal calls off his crew, obviously more concerned for his own safety than with vengeance. He pushes up from the floor with his good hand.  Domenico and I step back out of his way and move to a spot where we can see both the Rat King and the other wererats.  
Once on his feet, Jamal starts toward the door, “I won’t forget this, Domenico.  You may be the Master of the City.  But I’ve got my connections too.”
Understanding his meaning, I can’t resist one more parting shot at the Rat King.  “Don’t think that Siobhan will come to your aid against him.”  I see by the glare he turns on me that I had guessed his connections correctly.  “She may have sent you here to teach me a lesson but she knew you would get one too.  That little burn is just a sample of what I am capable of using to defend myself; Siobhan knows that I have the ability to do far worse.  She sent you here knowing that if you attacked, I could hurt you.  Remember that before you run to her for aid.  The burn will heal, faster than it would for a human but because magic caused it the process will be slower than it would normally be for a lycanthrope.  Keep that in mind if you decide to try coming for me again.”
Jamal pushes out the door with more force than necessary at my words, slamming it back against the wall.
“Come near her again, Jamal, and your rat pack will not be able to protect you from me,” Domenico offers the warning as the last of the pack follows their king out the door.  Once their Escalade pulls away, he turns to me and tilts my head up slightly to get a better look at my neck. “I can see the marks of his fingers where he tried to strangle you.  He should be dead now instead of heading back to his burrow.  Are you sure you’re ok, Jessie?”
I glance up into his concerned golden brown gaze and smile, “He has a strong grip but he didn’t hold on for long.  I knocked him back onto the table and stunned him a little, and then I did the same to two of his crew.  Fortunately your timely arrival saved me from trying to take on four angry wererats with only spells.  I could have ended up with more than red marks on my neck.  Of course I don’t normally need assistance; I’m pretty good at holding my own with the supernatural big boys.  You know, I don’t let anybody to call me Jessie, Domenico.”
“I plan on being more than just an anybody, Jessie.  And I don’t doubt you could have held your own,” he softly states.  “Also I thought I told you to call me Dom.”  He leans down and brushes his lips across mine in a fleeting touch that can hardly be called a kiss.  Unfortunately, that light touch ignites a slow burn in several intimate parts of my body and leaves me wanting more.
I hear Jack clear his throat loudly behind me, reminding me of his presence which slipped my mind under the overwhelming allure of Domenico.  I step back and look away from Dom’s mesmerizing eyes, taking a second to tamp down the fire he kindled in me.  When I look up at him again, he is gazing at me with the same banked flames in his eyes, showing me that he was just as affected as I was by our fleeting kiss.
I turn around to Jack and quickly look him up and down, examining him for any injuries.  “Did they break anything, Jack?”
“No, they just restrained me so their king could try to attack you with no interference.  It’s times like these that I wish I was a supernatural creature or had some supernatural powers,” Jack assures me that he is all in one piece.  “Are you ok, Jess?  If your friend hadn’t shown up, I don’t want to think about what they would have tried to do to you.”
“I’m fine, Jack.  It takes more than threats and a little show of aggression to lay me low.  I’m sorry you got caught up in it.” I introduce them not sure how to explain Dom or if I should mention that Master of the City thing.  Not that the Rat King hadn’t said it but I don’t think Dom would want to be introduced that way, he doesn’t seem like the type to need the prestige that comes with the position. “Domenico, this is Jack Daniels.  He is my assistant and sometimes backup when attacked by wererats in my place of business.  He runs the store when I’m out gallivanting around with the police.  Jack, this is Domenico.  He’s a new acquaintance I met through a mutual friend.” 
Dom steps toward Jack and shakes his offered hand in greeting. “Then I thank you, Jack, for coming to Jessie’s assistance prior to my arrival.  Next time you are in Bloodlust or any of my other clubs mention my name and have a drink on me.”
“Thanks,” Jack replies.  “It is a pleasure to meet any new friend of Jessica’s.”
“Would you mind very much if I stole your boss away for a short while, Jack?  We have some personal business to discuss,” Dom requests.
“Not at all, it’s nice to meet a man courageous enough to want to discuss personal business with Jess.  She usually scares the hell out of them before they get to that stage.  I take it you are the one that sent the flowers and inspired the session of girl talk between Ana and her today,” Jack replies unable to resist an opportunity to tease me in the process.
“Guilty on the flowers,” Dom confirms.  “And thanks for the information about the girl talk. It makes a man feel good when he can still cause a commotion with the opposite sex.”
“Yes, Jack, you are just a fount of information,” I interrupt.  “So before you start telling stories about me go ahead and lock up.  We’ll close early tonight.  You can stay and straighten up the store or I’ll take care of it later, it’s up to you.”
“If you don’t mind, I’ll stay and clean up and then maybe work on my drawing for a while.”  Jack heads off toward the front door to lock it.
“Go right ahead, I know you get more peace here to work on your art than at home.  Stay as late as you like and feel free to use my office.”  I start toward the rear entrance to the store that leads out to the stairs up to my apartment with Dom right behind me.  “Be careful for the next few days, I don’t think the wererats will try anything else but you can never be sure,” I call over my shoulder.
“I’ll be extra cautious,” Jack calls backs reassuringly.  




CHAPTER SIX

Dom and I step outside and I turn and lock the back door with my key behind us.  When I turn from the door, Dom is standing right in front of me, so close his chest almost brushes mine.  I lean back against the door to put some space between my body and its powerful magnetism to his.  He just moves in closer so this time his chest brushes my small breasts, causing my nipples to tighten through my shirt at the brief contact.
He puts a hand on the door on either side of my shoulders, caging me in.  “I can arrange to have someone keep an eye on him if you want,” he offers.
“Thanks, Dom, but I think he will be ok.  I don’t think the wererats will be coming around for a while,” I reply.  “I gave the Rat King something to think about.”
“Jamal has never been one to consider the ramifications of his actions, I doubt he will start now.  You have made an enemy of them,” he advises.  “You will need to be careful as well.”  As I start to protest, he shakes his head to silence me, “Let me finish.  I know you are going to say you can take care of yourself.  And you have more than proven it.  But remember they are wererats and they act more like rats than humans.  I am just asking you to be careful and I will keep my eye out as well.”
“Why do you care so much what happens to me?” I ask trying to catch a glimpse of his expression in the faint light given off by lamps used to light the small parking area behind my building.
 “I find I care very much about what happens to you, Jessie” he admits.  “There has been several times since our encounter last night that I found myself caring very much about what you were doing and who you were doing it with.  My thoughts have been filled with you since our meeting last night.  I spent more time than I should have since then wondering if I imagined the intense attraction between us.  Now I know I didn’t and that you feel just as strongly as I do.  I can sense it in you.”  
His chest brushes against my breasts again and I gasp softly at the shiver of arousal that course through me before I can suppress it.  I try to gather my thoughts but find it difficult with him standing so close.  “Dom, why did you come by?  I didn’t expect to see you until the meeting with the werewolves.”
“So now, you call me Dom.  Finding it harder to keep your professional distance with me, I see.  It is exactly that professional distance that brought me here tonight, my fair Dr. Farrell.  I knew that if I didn’t come by, you would not come see me and I had to know if I imagined it.  In all my years and you know that there have been hundreds, I swear to you, I have never been drawn to a woman like I am drawn to you.  If there is any other man in your life, end it.  I’m not willing to share you.”  When he sees I am ready to protest, he leans in to press his mouth to mine to stop any objections I plan on making.
His lips linger softly and playfully on mine at first. I guess waiting to see if I would try to move my mouth away before he can coax a response from me.  Not that I could end this kiss, even if I wanted to.  Once he realizes this, his tongue darts out, licking at my lips asking them to part to allow him to explore.  With a sigh, I part them and his tongue delves in to taste me.  I twine my tongue around his, stroking it, welcoming him.  I feel his growl of surprise at my boldness more than hear it when my tongue slides into his mouth and I begin my own exploration of discovery, running my tongue over his fangs getting his taste.  As our mouths mate, I trail my fingers up his chest, feeling the hard muscles flex beneath them.  I twine my arms around his neck letting my fingers trail through the soft black curls that just brush the collar of his shirt as his hands trail down my back to my butt, stroking me bringing me closer to his body and fitting me against him perfectly.  When his erection presses against the juncture of my thighs, I gasp into his mouth at the heat coursing through me, gathering at that point where his body presses most intimately against mine.  
His mouth moves across my lips and down to my throat.  I close my eyes and continue to run my hands over his back and shoulders, learning the feel of his body.  Neither of us breaks the contact of our lower bodies as he rubs his hard cock against me through our jeans.  As he licks my neck and sucks on my throbbing pulse without breaking the skin, I can feel other parts of me throb against him to the same rhythm.  When I feel his fangs graze my neck at the same spot, I can’t suppress a whimper of arousal.  Hearing me, he stops kissing me and pulls his mouth away from my throat.  I press closer to him, lost in the fire we have ignited.
He rests his forehead against mine gazing into my desire clouded eyes.  “Jessie, we must stop.  I didn’t plan on this happening; I didn’t come here for this.  I want you too much and I don’t want to screw up by taking you so soon in our relationship.”
“You claim you came to see if you imagined the attraction, obviously you didn’t.  We both feel it.  I can still feel how much you want me pressing against my thighs.”  I reach up and stroke his cheek.  “I didn’t tell you to stop.”
“And I don’t want to,” he assures me.  “I still want to take you right here out in the open against this door.  The fire in you, blazing so hot for me and echoing my own, makes me forget where we are.  You smell and taste of vanilla, as sweet as you are.   I got carried away and almost had your pulse open tasting your sweet blood and driving myself into you before I remembered where we were and who we were.”  He pulls back so I can look him in his beautiful golden brown eyes and him into mine.  He holds my face in his hands, stroking my cheeks with his thumbs.  “Jessie, I do not want to take your blood on accident in the heat of the moment.  I’m sorry I almost did.  You make me lose control and forget to be careful.  I don’t want you to regret when we are finally together.  If I would have taken blood and your body from you now, you would have regretted it later, trust me on this.  That is why I stopped.  You will have no regrets when we are finally together.”
I open my mouth to speak and he presses his finger to it to stop me.  “I think I know what you are going to say, that this can’t happen again.  Don’t say that, I can see in your eyes, the desire for me is still there.”
“You’re right I still want you and I was just as caught up in the moment as you were but I don’t think this is wise.” I voice my objections even though my body is telling me to keep my mouth shut and let him do whatever he wants to me.
“Because I’m Master of the City and you’re a witch?” he questions.
“In part, yes,” I confirm.
He rubs his still rigid erection against me and I gasp wantonly.  “Jessie, Jessie, I’m a patient man.  When you get to be my age, you learn to be.  But for you, I lose all my patience.  I still want to take you against this door out for anyone to see and I can feel you won’t stop me if I tried.  But I won’t.  I came here tonight to confirm you felt the same banked fire burning inside you that I do when I look into your gorgeous blue eyes.  I didn’t think we would fan the flames until we are both almost incinerated by them.  Don’t try to hide from this because of who we are or because you can’t explain it away with your knowledge of the supernatural world. After nine hundred year, I’ve learned that magic can just be two people who feel intensely about each other and there is nothing preternatural about it.  I promise to take it slower than this, you’re worth the effort.  Just don’t tell me that this can’t happen again.”
My brain tells me to say just that, that it can’t happen again but my heart or maybe another part of my anatomy tells me to take a chance.  I wouldn’t be who I am if I didn’t take risks.  Ana was right this afternoon, I need to give him a chance and see where this goes.  Feelings like the ones Dom inspires in me don’t happen every day.  I trail a finger across his cheek, over his lips.  His tongue darts out to lick the tip as I stroke and making me shiver in awareness.  “Let’s see where this takes us.  I’m not promising anything but I won’t avoid you either.”
“I guess that is all I can ask.” He takes my hand in his and brings it to his mouth, as he brushes my fingers against his lips, his tongue darts out again this time to taste my fingers causing another moan to escape from me.  He steps back and I feel the loss of his body acutely as mine aches to lean into his again.  “Will you show me where you live?  Then maybe you can explain why the faerie queen sent the Rat King to teach you a lesson.”
“Caught that comment, did you?  Come on up and I’ll show you my apartment.”  I move toward the stairs and head up to my door.
Dom, still holding my hand in his, follows me up the stairs.  “Any threat against you concerns me and a lesson from the faerie queen is a threat.”  He takes my keys from me and unlocks the door, pushing it open to allow me to enter first.  “You need to invite me in,” he whispers.  “I can sense your wards and they are keeping me from entering.”
“I know.  Please come in, Dom.”  I ignore the fact that he needed my invitation to enter due to his preternatural nature and my wards against such things and not from his wanting to be polite like a normal human.  “This is my apartment, I bought the building when I was opening the store and thought the upstairs would be a perfect apartment.  That way I could do my research at my own library whenever necessary,” I babble on overwhelmed by his nearness.
He sets my keys on the kitchen table and looks around.  “It suits you.  I can see your personality in this room.”
I look around the kitchen as if seeing it for the first time, the walls are what I call Irish green, the color green you see when you see photos of the hills and valleys of Ireland, the floor is white tiles with a diamond in the same color green in the center of each.  All my appliances are white and my cabinets are a dark wood tone with silver handles and hinges.  My kitchen table is a pub table in the same dark wood.  “Ana and I painted all the rooms, we had a professional help us with the floor in here and the bathroom.  The rest of the place is original hardwood and crown moldings.”  
I lead the way into the living room turning on the light as I enter; this room is painted a bright sunny yellow with navy blue as an accent color.  My couch and chairs are blue and my entertainment center, coffee and side tables are all in a honey maple, the same color has the hardwood floor.  I gesture to a hallway across the room, “There is a bedroom on each side and the bathroom is at the end of the hall through there.”
“I don’t get to see your bedroom.  I guess you are afraid with a bed so close we may continue what we started outside,” he teases.  He moves across the room toward me with slow predatory grace.  When he reaches my side, he just takes my hand in his and leads me over to the couch across the room under the front window overlooking the street.  He sits down on the couch and tugs me down next to him.  “Don’t worry, I meant what I said, I won’t rush things unless you want me to rush them.  We’ll save the tour of your bedroom for another night.  Now tell me about the lesson the faerie queen wanted to teach you.”
He’s sitting at the corner of the couch where the arm meets the back at a slight angle so I turn slightly so I can look up at him while I talk; when our knees brush a shiver of excitement trickles down my spine.  He is still holding my hand in his and doesn’t appear to want to let go.  I try to concentrate on what needs to be said instead of the desire his nearness seems to kindle in me.  I’ve never had this problem before with a man.  Even the few times I’ve been kissed by other guys my body did not react with such intense sensations.  It is disconcerting that this man could be so different.
“Jessie, are you going to tell me about the faerie queen or continue to look at me like a starving woman?  Because I don’t know how much more staring I can take before I start wanting to touch more than your hand,” he whispers, his voice deepened with arousal.
“Sorry,” I apologize. I clear my throat and gather myself together.  “As Jack mentioned earlier, Ana came over today to talk about some personal things and about the case.  While she was here, I had a visit from the faerie queen.  She said she was just coming from some spa in the city and was stopping by for an update.  Ana gave her an update and mentioned that list I assembled.  She asked for a copy so I gave it to her, she wasn’t very happy I put it together.  Then Ana explained how she and Cam are working on the list to determine if any of the creatures are in town.  Unfortunately, she also mentioned that we gave you a copy of the list and that you are using your contacts to check on some of the creatures.”
“So when Ana told the queen I had the list of some of her greatest enemies, she wasn’t very happy about it.  But why the lesson to you, I could have gotten the list from Cameron. I am his Master,” he states.  After a second, the understanding dawns in his expression.  “Ah, I see now.  You told her you gave me the list to protect Ana and Cameron from her wrath.  You should not have put yourself in that kind of jeopardy.  Cameron’s a master vampire, a young master but still a master, he can protect himself and he’s not easy to kill.  It would have been simple to shift the blame to him or me.  You did not need to take it on yourself.”
“Yes, I did,” I assure him.  “I have experience with Siobhan; I can handle whatever lesson she doles out.  I wasn’t positive about Cameron being a master vampire even though I could sense the underlying power, as he is still relatively young for a vampire and hasn’t come into his full abilities.  But even so, if Siobhan wanted vengeance against him the easiest way to exact it is through Ana and I didn’t want to let that happen.”
“How would Siobhan know to go after Ana if she wants to hurt Cameron?  I thought only you and I knew about that weakness.”  
“So Cameron told you I know about his feelings for Ana; I thought he might to show you he had my support as well.  Anyway last night after we left your club, we went to the station for the interview with Ian Merriweather, a member of Siobhan’s court and a friend of Liam’s.  Merriweather flirted with Ana from the beginning and Cam let his jealousy show a little.  I know Merriweather noticed because he kept on flirting once he saw he was pissing Cam off.  Anyway, I’m not sure she knows about his feelings for Ana but if she does Merriweather told her.  I wasn’t taking the chance.”
“Ok, understandable, so let’s get back to her threatening you.  With what I know about Siobhan, I’m sure she insisted I would use this list as leverage in some way against her.  That as her enemy and based on my reputation, how could I resist not using it though we are not actually enemies or friends?  So why are you still on the investigation after you told her you gave me the list?”
“You have no quarrel with her, last night you made it clear she was neither enemy nor friend.  So based on your comments, I gave her my personal guarantee that you would not use the list against her.  When she threatened to remove me from the case, I told her that was fine by me and that she could still have my personal guarantee that you would not use the list.  She decided I was too much of an asset in this situation so she caved and asked me to continue to assist the police on her behalf.  She’s not one to like having to retract her threats so even though she had my guarantee, I knew she would want to teach me a lesson in humility, one she thought I sorely needed.  The same one I think she wanted the Rat King to learn.”
“You took quite a chance on me.  To have the kind of leverage that list provides over the faerie queen would be tempting to anyone but to the Master of the City where the faerie queen chooses to reside, it is worth more than many would be able to resist, even if it means sacrificing you in the process.  So why did you take that chance?  You’ve met other master vampires; I’m sure other masters of other cities around the country.  If it were someone else, I don’t think you would have made the guarantee.”
“You’re right, I wouldn’t have.  Maybe it was temporary insanity or me just trying to protect my friends but after meeting you last night, I knew I could make the guarantee and you would uphold it.”
“So maybe you sensed last night that same thing I did, that there was something between us.”
“I did sense that there was more between us but I wasn’t sure if I imagined it or if you felt anything at all.  Please know that I would never use your interest in me as leverage over you.  I’m not that kind of person.  I decided to trust that since you have no quarrel with Siobhan you will not use the list.  Your reputation is formidable and when you exact vengeance you are known to be ruthless but I also have heard that you are fair.  Cameron is a perfect example of your fairness, you allow him to remain on the police force though that is not a normal career for a vampire and you gave him your approval of Ana knowing how much he cares for her.”
He looks down at our entwined fingers and then slowly leans over toward me, allowing me time to turn away if I wanted to.  I don’t.  His lips brush against mine, teasingly, just sampling for a few seconds and then he leans back.  “Your faith in me is humbling, Jessie.  I may have had no quarrel with the faerie queen prior to today but I do now.  That she would still need to exact revenge after you gave her your word, I take that as an insult to you.  An insult to you is an insult to me.  Your guarantee stands but I will not let her threaten you or send her thugs over to teach you lessons.  She hurts you; I hurt her, personally, no list need, and no interference from you.”
I never expected Dom to threaten the faerie queen or anyone else for me but threaten her he did.  He seems overly protective for such a short acquaintance and I am unsure how to interpret his actions.  I don’t normally need protection; my powers as a witch are protection enough.  But when I look in his eyes, I know that I cannot change his mind so I decide not to argue, very unlike me.  Instead, I change the subject by taking up the topic of the murder investigation.
“Have you set up the meeting with werewolves?” I ask as my way of telling him that we are done talking about my problems with the faerie queen.
“I expect to hear from Catherine tonight as to a time and place.  I will check with a few sources later regarding the infamous list.  Have Ana and Cameron gotten anywhere on that?  You mentioned they were checking out leads through the department,” Dom replies.
“They’re trying to set up some interviews tonight with the few creatures on the list that they located.  Ana mentioned three banshees, a troll, and a goblin have all been around recently and questioned about some crimes.  But I think it’s the ones that are below radar that we have to worry about more,” I advise.
“I should be able to help with that.  My sources below the radar are exemplary,” he confirms.  “Any luck with the lycan girl?”
I take a chance and confide in him.  “Actually, yes, she’s a werejaguar.  Cam and I have a meeting with them tonight.”
“What about Ana?”
“There’s a small problem there, her twin brother is part of the jaguar Familia and Ana and her family don’t know.  I promised Javier, her brother, I would try to keep Ana from finding out.  I asked Cam to schedule an interview at the same time as our meeting with the jaguars and to not let Ana know about the meeting with the Familia until I call and tell her.”
“You seem to know a lot of secrets in the supernatural community.  I think I better watch my back around you.  Never know who or what you know,” he jokes, grinning roguishly.  “Was Cameron ok with lying to Ana?  He has a different view on lying than most vampires; his honesty can get him into trouble sometimes, a large part of a vampire’s life is subterfuge.  But as his Master, it is a trait I admire in him, especially since he plays no games with me unlike most of my other vampires.  You and I are more similar than I would have ever thought.  Honesty is something we respect but can ill afford in every situation.”
“You are right, Cam didn’t like lying to Ana but I didn’t really give him a choice.”  I stare into Dom’s eyes for a second, trying to decide if I should reveal how much more I know than the police in this investigation.  I decide to take a chance; if I trust him with the faerie queen’s list and thus my well being I might as well trust him with this secret.  Though I never thought I would trust someone as much as I do Dom within twenty-four hours of meeting them.  With him, I find myself acting differently than I do even with Ana.  He brings out a different side of me that I keep well hidden, my naïve side.  Hopefully, he won’t hurt me in my naïveté.   “I’ve known about Javier for a while just not what type of lycanthrope he was.  As you found out, I can sense power in supernatural creatures.  Since I spend a lot of time around Ana’s family, I found out almost as soon as he was turned.  I just never let on prior to now. Then unbeknownst to Cam and Ana, Javier came to see me the morning Liam’s body was found and everything came out.  He has known all along that I knew and kept silent about his nature.”
“So he told you about the lycan girl prior to my mentioning it last night,” Dom states understanding what I was getting at.  I can’t help but appreciate his quick grasp of the situations I put myself in.  I find it refreshing to deal with someone who understands my choices and logic before I fully explain them.  “He made you promise not to tell Ana about his furry side and so you had to find another way to introduce the lycan girl into the investigation but you didn’t have any way until I mentioned it.  You must have been relieved when I did; it was one less thing you needed to hide.”
“If you hadn’t, I would have had to keep that information to myself until the meeting with Jaguar Conde and his Familia or until we interviewed someone who had seen them together.  I don’t like keeping information from the police or lying to my best friend.  I couldn’t even tell Cam about the girl or I would have put him in an awkward position of having to lie about how he got the information to Ana and the rest of the force.  But I make choices like this all the time, not always outright lying but lying by omission.  In this instance, I made Javier promise he would support Cam’s and Ana’s relationship with the rest of her family to pay for Cam’s and my silence on his behalf.”
“’With great power comes great responsibility.’  We all have to make choices that don’t sit well with us, but we do it for the good of those we care about or to protect the world we live in from the supernatural elements in it.  It is nice to know I’ve already been an asset to you and your investigation.  What time is your meeting with the Jaguar Familia?”
“We are supposed to meet at Javier’s restaurant at ten.”
“It’s a little before nine now, you better call Ana about the meeting.”
“It’s almost nine already, I must have lost track of the time.  My mind still doesn’t seem to be running at a hundred percent.”
“I’d like to think that I had a hand in that and it wasn’t your run-in with the wererats.”
I get up to retrieve my cell phone from the kitchen and glance back at Dom.  He looks relaxed and very at home sitting on my couch, almost like a normal guy in his jeans and black polo, nothing like the most powerful vampire in the area.  “It wasn’t my run in with the wererats,” I remark when I return to the room, watching his face to gauge his reaction to my admission that he can completely distract me.
He flashes me a cocky grin and doesn’t take his smoldering brown eyes off me as he gets up from the couch and saunters over to meet me halfway. “You like to play with fire, don’t you, Jessie.”  He tilts my face up and at the same time leans down so our lips meet.  The fire just below the surface is fanned to life again. I part my lips in a sigh of pleasure and his tongue slides into my mouth drinking it in.
The phone is forgotten in my hand as I twine my arms around his neck and he gathers me close. For some unexplainable reason, I can’t seem to stop myself from wanting his touch or anticipating when the next kiss will be.  I knew that I would get this reaction with my comment about his ability to fluster me but still I couldn’t stop myself from making it, wanting to feel his lips on mine one more time.
“Your phone is ringing, Jessie,” Dom breaths against my mouth breaking contact with my lips but keeping our bodies pressed together.
“What?” I ask, bemused.  
“The phone, in your hand, it’s ringing. You should probably answer it,” he advises, brushing his lips against mine.  “Here, let me have it.”
I let him take the phone from me without protest, still dazed by his body pressed intimately against mine and the aftermath of his kisses.  
“Dr. Jessica Farrell’s phone,” he answers pausing to listen to the voice on the other end.
“Yes, she’s here but is unavailable to answer.”  He pauses again this time with amusement in his eyes.
“I’m a friend,” he advises the caller.
I take a step back from the distraction of his body compressed against mine so I can pull myself together before taking the phone.  But when I am finally under control and I signal to him that I’m ok, he is still listening to the person on the other end.  At my confused expression, he takes my hand and squeezes it in reassurance.  
“We’re at her apartment, come around back,” he tells the person on the phone and then hangs up.  He smiles at me, “You don’t need to call Ana.  She and Cameron are on their way up right now.”
“What did she say when you answered my phone?” I demand my tone brusque in my embarrassment at being caught making out with Dom like a teenager even if Ana didn’t actually see us.
Dom ignores my embarrassment and pulls me against his side nuzzling my neck before answering.  “She was worried that I was holding you captive for the faerie queen. With the store closed downstairs and a strange man answering your phone, it’s understandable.  I told her I was a friend; I don’t think she believed me and she didn’t recognize my voice from last night’s meeting.  She wanted to know where we were so as you heard I told her and asked her to come up.”




CHAPTER SEVEN

I hear footsteps jogging up my steps, followed by a loud knock on the door.  “Jess, are you in there?”  Ana’s voice calls loudly through the door.
My embarrassment increases as I hear the worry in her voice.  I groan in frustration.
Amused by my embarrassment, Dom can’t keep a smug grin off his face.  “Do you want me to answer it?” he asks.
“No!”  I exclaim.  “Wait here.”
I head into the kitchen to unlock the door, “I’m here, Ana, just a second.  Let me get the door unlocked.”
“Just unlock the door with a spell,” Ana calls through. 
I open the door.  Ana pushes past me with Cam close at her heels.
“Where is he?” she looks around.  “He’s not holding you against your will, is he?  Did the faerie queen send him to teach you a lesson?  I knew you should have let me take the rap for giving that list to the Master of the City.”
“Ana, I’m fine.  Nobody is holding me captive,” I insist, trying to soothe her nerves.
“Then why was the store closed, it’s only quarter to nine, you’re always open until eleven?  Why did it take so long for your phone to be answered?  And who the hell answered it?”  Ana demands.
“Ana, relax for second.  You see she’s fine.  Give her a chance to explain,” Cam tries to soothe her.  “It is obvious now that the faerie queen is not holding her captive in any way.
“Cam, don’t pretend you weren’t as freaked out as I was when you saw the store closed and she didn’t answer her phone right away.”  Ana turns her glare on him.
“I was just getting ready to call you,” I try to explain.
“Could have fooled me,” Ana snorts.  “You would have answered faster if that was the case, instead some strange man answered.  So where is that guy who answered your phone?  He didn’t have enough time to duck out while we were coming around the building, we would have seen him.”
I notice Cam staring past my shoulder, a look of disbelief on this face.  Ana is too busy glaring and ranting at me to notice the change in his expression.  Unfortunately, the change tells me Dom didn’t stay in the living room like I asked but decided to join us here.
Cameron places a hand on Ana’s arm to get her attention and stop her tirade.  “Ana, stop,” he insists.  But she doesn’t listen and switches to cursing at me in Spanish.
I feel Dom standing inches from my back even before he places a hand on my shoulder in reassurance.  Ana sees that hand and stops mid-rant and looks up at Dom.  Her face heats to a dull red with embarrassment, making me feel less conspicuous in my awkwardness at the situation.
Cameron breaks the sudden silence. “Domenico,” he greets his master.
“Hello, Cameron,” Dom replies.  “Ana, I hope you are now reassured that your friend is in no danger.  You can see that I didn’t use my nefarious wiles, I believe you called it on the phone, to hold her captive.”
I stifle a giggle but not well enough, Ana turns a glare on me.  “Cam, Dom, can you give us a few minutes?”  I request.  At their nods of acquiesce, I grab Ana’s hand and pull her out of the room and down the hall to my bedroom to give us some privacy.
“I am so sorry I had you worried,” I begin once I close the door behind us.  Vampire hearing is excellent even at this distance so I still keep my voice low.  “I got a little distracted and lost track of the time.”
“I’m sure you did, I saw the distraction,” Ana quips.  “When I told you to take a chance this afternoon, to stop living like a nun, I didn’t mean all in one day.”
“Ana, it’s not what you think,” I insist.  “We were talking.”
“And yet, you didn’t hear the phone and were unavailable to answer it,” she accuses softly.  “Don’t think I’m not happy for you but I have been waiting to hear from you all evening.  I was getting worried that the faerie queen got to you.  I saw how unhappy she was about your actions this afternoon.”
“She did get to me but not in the way you were thinking,” I stop her from interrupting.  “I’ll explain everything to you and Cameron at the same time.  But first, are we ok?  You’re really not mad?  Will you forgive me for not calling and for freaking you out?”
“Yeah, we’re ok,” she agrees.  “But I am still a little mad.  You should have called right after this most recent run-in with the faerie queen.”
“I was a little busy and it wasn’t a run-in with the faerie queen.  It was her lesson to me.”  I move to open the door.  “Let’s go start the explanations so I can clear this up for you.”
“Hold up,” Ana stops me.  “One question, is he at least a good kisser?”  She sees I’m about to protest.  “Don’t try to deny he kissed you, I can see it in the way the two of you looked at each other.  I’m almost embarrassed by the intimacy of those looks.”
“All right, all right,” I turn back to the door before replying and whisper to her as I walk out.  “Good doesn’t come close to describing it.”
Back in the kitchen, we find Cam and Dom seated at the table waiting patiently for us.  I take the chair next to Dom and Ana sits down next to Cam.  Ana and Cam turn to me expectantly, waiting for me to begin the explanations and to clear up all the confusion.
“Cam, I believe Ana mentioned our visit from the faerie queen when she spoke to you on the phone earlier this evening.  So you know that Siobhan thought she needed to teach me a lesson for what she considered my defiance and disrespect of her,” I look up at Cam and wait for him to nod his confirmation that Ana explained all this.  “Well after Ana left this evening, I got an unexpected visit from the Wererat King.  He showed up at my store, looking for me with no warning other than when he drove up in his pimped-out Escalade.  The vehicle didn’t exactly blend in this neighborhood so Jack called me to the front to check out our visitors.  The Rat King walked in with a major attitude, demanding to see me.  He said that Siobhan told him to come see me but didn’t give him a reason.  I guess Siobhan was listening this afternoon when Ana told her we needed to meeting with the lycan leaders in the city.  It turns out that they do business together, so she has a connection to him but didn’t mention it to us earlier.  I asked him about Liam and the lycan girl, he didn’t know anything.  So I told him thanks, that was all I needed but he wasn’t done.  He decided he had something to prove.  He knew I was a witch, I’m sure Siobhan talked me up, played on his ego.  He insulted me, threatened me, and then tried to strangle me while his rats restrained Jack from coming to my aid.  I managed to knock him back with a spell; I did the same to two of his goons.  While I was distracted with them, he launched a second attack.  Before I could react, Domenico showed up, grabbed him, and threw him across the room.”
Dom picks up where I leave off in my story without hesitation.  “I was in the neighborhood so I thought I would stop by and say hello since we got along so well last night.  I had just walked in when Jess had sent the Rat King flying.  When I saw his second attack, I just reacted.  He got the picture and took his crew and left.  After all the excitement, Jess thought it might be best just to close down for the night and give Jack the rest of the night off.  I wanted some explanations after what I walked in on so Jess invited me up her apartment and then we started talking about the case.  Actually right before you called, she got a call from her connection with the werejaguars, they have your lycan girl and want to meet tonight.”
 “Tonight,” Ana turns to me.  “When were you going to call?  It is awfully short notice. What time do they want to meet us?”
“I was going to call you right before you called me,” I assure her.  “They want to meet us at ten.  But I think we are going to be late, it is already nine thirty.”
“Can you reschedule?  We are supposed to be meeting one of the banshees at ten thirty in Oak Park,” Ana explains.  “We can’t re-schedule with the banshee, it was tough enough to get her to agree to this meeting.”
“There is no way to reschedule with the Jaguar Familia either.  I don’t even know how to contact them,” I insist though three of us know differently.
“We only have one choice, split our resources.” Cam interrupts saving me from any more lies.  “Jess and I can go to the meeting with Jaguar Familia.  Ana, you go see the banshee, just call in and get a uniform to meet you over there.”
“Cameron, it is not wise to send a regular human in to see a banshee, they will be easily manipulated by her.  Ana has psychic abilities and knows how to guard her mind from intrusions but a normal cop off the street will not be so lucky.  He or she would be easy pickings for a banshee if she’s guilty of anything or just wants to have some fun.” Dom turns his gaze from Cam to Ana.  “If you don’t object, Ana, I can go with you.  I won’t interfere with your investigation, just back you up, if needed.”
Ana turns to Cam, “What do you think?  He’s your master.”
“He’s right about the banshee being able to manipulate the average cop on the street if she decides she wants to have some fun,” I interject.
“I’ll leave it up to you, Ana, but they are right he would be better backup than your average human cop.”  Cam looks at his watch. “But we need to get going; Jess and I will already be late.”
“All right, you can come with me, Domenico,” Ana agrees.  “Remember, you may be Master of the City but I’m the cop here.  I’m in charge.  No talking unless I say you can.”
“We need to get going,” Cam looks at his watch again.  “We don’t have much time to get to the meeting with the werejaguars and you need to get to Oak Park.  Ana, you take the Crown Vic, Jess can drive to the meeting with jaguars.  We’ll meet back up at the station and compare notes.”
With our plans set, we get our coats on to head out to our meetings.  Cam and Ana head for the door.  I start to follow behind them but Dom puts a restraining hand on my arm.  
“Just give Jess and I a minute and we’ll meet you downstairs,” Dom tells them as they start out the door.
Cameron looks from Dom to me.  “Ana, let’s go bring the car around.”  He gives Ana a little push toward the door when he notices her start to hesitate.  “Domenico, thank you again for your assistance.”
Once Cam closes the door behind them, Dom turns and takes me in his arms.  “So I’m a better than average kisser?”
“You and Cam heard everything?” I accuse.
“I heard everything, but then I was trying to listen.  Cameron is more of a gentleman and did not try to listen so I am sure he didn’t hear you.  You spoke very softly but I have a lot of practice spying on conversations.”  He strokes his hands up and down my back, knowing full well the effect he is having on me.  “Jessie, can I see you later?” he requests, gazing at me with fire in those golden brown eyes.
“I’m not sure that’s a good idea.  I can’t seem to keep my head around you.  I have some work to do on the case and in my shop.  You will only distract me from what I need to do.”  I try to take a step back from him, to put some space between our bodies so I can think more clearly.  I place my hands on his chest to push away, but instead they slide up to his shoulders seemingly of their own volition and rest there.  “We need to get going; Cam and I will be late enough already.”
He pulls me against him aligning our bodies to fit perfectly together.  “You can blame me for your tardiness; they won’t question it, being the Master of the City has its perks.  Just say you will see me later, I want to spend more time with you.  I promised I wouldn’t rush our physical relationship but I didn’t say that I wouldn’t want to spend time with you.”  He brushes his lips against mine, feather-light, teasing me.  “Say yes.  I don’t want to wait until tomorrow night to see you again but I will if you say so.”
“Yes, I’ll see you later.” I whisper against his lips, unable to resist the pleading in his voice or my own desires, even knowing I should stand firm.
I wrap my arms around his neck and crush my mouth to his.  I capture his groan of pleasure in my mouth.  I use my tongue again to taste him running it over his teeth, gently licking at his fangs, memorizing his flavor. His tongue strokes at mine in response and then engages it in an ancient mating dance, drawing my tongue into his mouth and then out again to chase his tongue back between my lips.  His erection pushes against the juncture of my thighs, mimicking the motion of his tongue. We both pull away at the same time gasping for breath.  
I rest my head against his chest, trying to catch my breath.  “Dom, I don’t know what I’m going to do about you.”
“You don’t need to do anything, Jessie.  Just give us a chance, we can be good together.  I know you feel it too, the attraction, the sense of rightness and completeness when we are together.  We just need to learn to control our bodies’ reactions to each other.”  He steps back but still holds my hand in his.  “Let’s go, Cameron and Ana are waiting for us.”




CHAPTER EIGHT

I call Javier from the car to inform him that Cameron and I will be late.  Once I hang up, I notice Cam watching me out of the corner of my eye.  He appears to want to say something but I can tell by the uncertainty written on his face he is unsure if he should say what is on his mind.  Having a good idea what his occupying his thoughts, I take pity on him and break the silence in the car.
“I can handle myself with your Master, Cameron.  Domenico and I have come to an understanding,” I assure him.  I know that he does not want to defy his Master but he also wants to protect me from him if necessary.  “There is something between us that neither Dom nor I really understand.  And I trust him, Cam.  I know I’ve only just met him but for some reason I know I can trust him.  You must know that he is honorable or you would not have come to this city and sworn your allegiance to him as your Master when you arrived.”
“Jess, when Domenico wants something, he takes it.  That is why he is the Master of the City.  Yes, he is trustworthy, a good Master.  But he is also a master of manipulation; he takes what he wants but can convince you that you gave it him.  I never expected him to pursue you so quickly or with such single-mindedness.  I knew you fascinated him, your reputation has intrigued him for some time now, and after last night, even more so after meeting you in person.”  Cam turns to fully study my profile as I drive, I guess to gauge my reaction to his words.  “He came to see you less than twenty-four hours after your first meeting.  And I know there is more to the story of what happened with the Rat King but you both managed to gloss over it.  Then he answers your cell phone, covers for you with Ana about the meeting with the jaguars.  Not to mention the kiss upstairs before we left.”
I turn to glance quickly at Cam in shock at his last comment.  “How did you know about that?  Am I wearing a sign or something?  Ana came to same conclusion when you arrived at my apartment.”
“When you came downstairs, your lips were swollen, your color heightened and you have his scent on you,” Cam admits.  “Remember, vampire senses, stronger than your average human, almost on par with your average canine.  But it is not just the kiss I know occurred as we left; it’s everything else that has gone on in such a short period of time.  Ana would strangle me if she thought I let the Master of the City hurt you and I also don’t want to see you hurt.” 
“All right, so whatever is between us is accompanied by a stronger than normal physical attraction.  We both are working on that.”  I glance over at him again, gauging his reaction.  “I will be careful, Cam.  I may be playing with fire but at least I know he is in the same boat.  As to everything else, I think he is meant to be part of this investigation for some reason.  I guess we will just have to trust that the fates know what they are doing and will show us their reasoning when the time is right.”
When we finally arrive, Cam and I are twenty minutes late to our meeting with the Werejaguar Familia.  We walk through the door of Javier’s restaurant, La Cocina, ignoring the closed sign.  Upon seeing us, Javier leans over to whisper to a Hispanic man dressed in a suit sitting next to him, the man looks to be in his early forties.  Sensing his powers are stronger than the others present, I know he is the Jaguar Conde.  There are about twenty other people in the restaurant, a mix of men and women.  Over near the kitchen entrance, I spot a girl with swollen eyes and tear-stained cheeks, Isabelle.
Javier motions us forward.  “Jess, this is my Conde, Alejandro Vallejo.  Sir, this is Dr. Jessica Farrell and I assume this is Detective Roarke of the CPD.”
“Good evening, Mr. Vallejo, Mr. Fuentes,” Cam shakes hands with each man.  “You are correct, I am Detective Cameron Roarke.  I want to apologize for our tardiness.  My Master kept me.  He sends his regards.”
I flash Cam a look of confusion at his making excuses for us, using the exact instructions Dom gave to me.  Then I remember that a Master can communicate telepathically with any vampire who has given him their allegiance.  Domenico must have told Cam to make the excuses, knowing I would not.
“How is Domenico these days?” asks Alejandro.  “It has been several years since I last saw him.”
“He is busy, as always,” advises Cam.  “But he is well.”
“Please take a seat, Detective, Dr. Farrell,” Alejandro invites.  He waits for us to sit and then turns to me.  “Javier speaks very highly of you, Dr. Farrell.  He has great confidence in your abilities.  Javier is a good judge of character, I am sure I will not be disappointed.  Liam had been a friend to us; we are deeply saddened by these events and hope his murderer is brought to swift justice by whatever methods necessary.”
“Thank you, Mr. Vallejo.  I am sure you will not be disappointed in me.  I am using all my resources to assist the police in their investigation.  Detectives Fuentes and Roarke are the best in their division,” I admit, showing no modesty.  “We also want to bring Liam’s murderer to justice.  To that end, I requested this meeting when Javier mentioned that you and your Familia have spent considerable time with Liam of late.”
“Yes, Liam had practically become an honorary member of our Familia, without the shapeshifting abilities, of course.  He was very respectful of us and not just because of Isabelle.  He was just a good boy overall.”  Alejandro doesn’t try to hide the hint of grief in his eyes.  “It was sometimes hard to believe he was a faerie prince in the dark court.”  
“Did you notice anything unusual going on with him recently?” questions Cam.  “Did he mention any trouble he may have gotten involved in?”
“Not to me,” Alejandro nods toward Isabelle, the girl I saw earlier standing near the counter by the kitchen.  “Isabelle will be able to tell you more and Javier maybe as well.  They knew him better than I.”
“Do you know the faerie queen, Mr. Vallejo?”  I interject.  “Maybe you met her through your business dealings or other avenues?”
“I have never had the pleasure of meeting her.  But I have of course heard about her reputation, you cannot live in this city and not know of it.  She has many enemies.  If Liam was murdered as revenge against his mother, I would not be surprised.”  His admission comes as no surprise.  That he is acquainted with the faerie queen’s reputation means he did his research when Liam started coming around his jaguars, obviously he is a very wise Conde.  “I did hear a rumor that the wererats were doing some business with Siobhan Connolly, if that helps you at all.”
“We had heard about that and have spoken with the Rat King.  He would not jeopardize his business with her.”  Cam informs them.  “Our investigation is centering on some of the faerie queen’s enemies as well as other powerful supernaturals.  We have also met with my Master in this capacity.  We are setting up meetings with the werewolves and the wereleopards to further narrow down the list of suspects.  Any information you have on the any of the other lycanthrope group’s dealings with the faerie queen would be most helpful as well.”
“Unfortunately, I have not heard of the Pack or the Pard having anything to do with the faerie courts.  The wolves mostly keep to themselves.  We have more interaction with the leopards but I don’t see them doing this their Alpha keeps them under tight control as he controls a very large territory.  They would have nothing to gain by murdering the faerie prince, they have no dealings with the faerie queen,” the Conde advises.
Alejandro motions Isabelle over to our table.  “I think Isabelle may be able to provide more information on this than I have.”  Isabelle takes the chair Alejandro indicates next to him.  “Isabelle Margolis, this is Detective Roarke and Dr. Farrell.”
“Thank you for coming to see us.  I really want to help find Liam’s murderer so anything I can do.”  She pauses as tears gather in her eyes and wipes them away.  “I’m sorry, I’m still very upset.  We loved each other very much.  He was supposed to meet my parents yesterday.  I thought that if my family accepted us then it would be easier for him, if his mother did not.  He gave me the impression that she is not a very nice person even to her own family.”
“I know Liam was trying to protect you.  He was right to want to; his mother can be very unkind.”  I reach across the table to give her hand a squeeze of reassurance at my gross understatement of Siobhan’s personality then I take up the questioning.  “How did you meet Liam?”
“I met him at Claddagh.  My friends and I were celebrating the end of semester finals.  We were bar-hopping.  Liam was tending bar at Claddagh when we got there.  Being normal girls, we were laughing and making comments about the different guys in the bar, rating them.  I noticed Liam watching us and one of my friends dared me to go up and talk to him.  To tell him if he was so interested in what we were saying that he could join us.  So I did.  He claimed he wasn’t listening to us but was mesmerized by me. What girl wouldn’t fall for a line like that?”  The tears trail unnoticed down her cheeks now.  “Except it wasn’t a line.  He asked for my number, I gave it to him and he called and asked me out the next day.  We have been dating ever since.  He was so different than other guys I had met.  No offense to my brothers in the Familia but Liam was so sweet and gentle, nothing like the alpha males I am use to dealing with.  He always was interested in my thoughts on a subject or how something made me feel.  He made me feel so special.  Someone like that should not be murdered.  He made the world a better place by just being himself.”
“Had Liam mentioned being threatened by anyone lately?  Maybe he mentioned that he had a run-in with someone?  Being the faerie queen’s son did put him at risk,” Cam questions.
Isabelle shakes her head in the negative.  “The only person he was worried about was his mother.  He thought he was being followed recently.  He expected it was someone from his mother’s court on her orders.  Trying to find out what was going on between us.  He knew that his mother would not approve of him dating me.”
Cam can’t hide his surprise at our luck, our first real lead in the case.  “Did he think of contacting the police about this stalker?”
“I suggested it,” she admits.  “But he was sure it was his mother’s doing and did not want to involve the police in family squabbles.  Now I wish I would have pushed him harder.  Maybe he would be alive right now if I had.”
“You can’t blame yourself.”  I try to reassure her.  “I know the faerie queen, if it was her that had Liam followed then it was wise he did not involve the police.  She would not have been happy.  Liam was just looking out for both your best interests.”
“Liam mentioned you recently, Dr. Farrell.  That you know his mother and may be able to help us when she started causing the trouble in our relationship, we knew she would.  That is why the meeting with my parents was so important to me.  I knew they would like Liam.  Why would he say that about you?”  Isabelle probes.  “He also told me if we ever had trouble and I couldn’t get a hold of him or find him to contact you.”
“I am well known to the faerie queen and the faerie court in general.  I started by intervening with the faerie queen on behalf of humans.  Liam and her other children were present a few times.  They saw how I dealt with her and thought I might be able arbitrate with their mother when they needed an advocate.  In Liam’s case, he had me mediate when he wanted to take the job at Claddagh against his mother’s wishes. I was able to convince her it was a worthwhile undertaking for Liam.  That must have been why he thought the two of you could turn to me this time,” I speculate.
“Did Liam ever get a look at the person stalking him?” queries Cameron.  “Why was he so sure they were sent by his mother?”
“He never saw the person.  But he was positive they were sent by his mother.  Her husband, kept calling and asking strange leading questions about a girlfriend and about weres,” Isabelle explains.  “Liam wondered if his mother had suspicions and was using her husband to try to find out more information.”
“Her husband?  Do you mean her consort, Calum Reilly?”  I try to verify, hiding my shock that Reilly could somehow be involved in Liam’s murder.
“Yes, that is the term Liam used for him,” Isabelle corroborates.  “Consort isn’t husband, is it?”
“No, it’s not.  The faerie queen keeps many men.  Her consort is the one that is at the top for the list for the moment.  Calum Reilly has been with her since shortly after Liam was born.  But he isn’t the father of any of her children,” I explain.
“She keeps like a harem of men and the consort is the most popular one?” Isabelle tries to confirm her understanding of faerie.
Javier chokes back a laugh at the description, the first of any type of noise since our interview began.  “Not really a harem, Isa.  She is only with one man then when she gets tired of him, she throws him away for a new one.  Each one is her consort until she gets tired of him.”
“Javier is correct,” I validate.  “Calum Reilly has lasted longer than any of his predecessors.”  I glance at Cameron and see he is just as interested in this latest development as I am.  
“Did Liam mention anything specific that Mr. Reilly asked him?” requests Cam.  
“No, he just spoke about the calls generally,” Isabelle advises.  “That is really all I know about what was going on in the faerie court.  Liam didn’t want to involve me in the politics of his mother’s court.  I hope I was able to help you.”
“You have been very helpful,” assures Cam.  He takes a couple of business cards out of his pocket.  “These are my partner’s and my cards.  If you think of anything else or notice anyone or anything suspicious, you can contact me or my partner on our mobile numbers at any time.  Or if you prefer, you can contact Dr. Farrell, the number for her store is listed.”
“Or I have her mobile number,” adds Javier.  
“Thank you for your time, Isabelle,” I shake her hand.  “We will try to let you know once we catch Liam’s murderer.”  I turn to Alejandro.  “Mr. Vallejo, thank you for your time and agreeing to meet with us on such short notice.”
Cameron shakes hands with Alejandro again and expresses his appreciation at the werejaguars’ cooperation.  As we start toward the exit, Javier follows us out the door.
“Cameron, my sister is lucky she has a partner like you,” Javier states in a show of support.  “If the Familia can do anything else for the police let us know.  I just want to ask that you not let Calum Reilly or anyone associated with the dark faerie court know where you received your information.  We don’t want Isabelle in any more danger than she is.”
“We won’t say anything about our source.”  Cam shakes hands with Javier.  “It was nice to finally meet Ana’s twin.  She speaks well of you, Javier.  Thank you again for your time.”
“Javier, I am not sure what Reilly was doing, you might want to keep Isabelle close to the other jaguars for protection until we can figure it out,” I advise.  “We will have to be delicate with how we go about approaching him but the number of people that know about his conversations with Liam will be limited so he will probably figure out our source quickly.”
“Thanks for the tip, Jess.  And thanks for all your help.”  Javier kisses me on the cheek and then heads back into the restaurant and his Familia.
Once in the car on our way to the police station to meet up with Ana, I mention my concerns to Cam.  “You realize that the faerie queen has either been hiding what she knows about the murder or Reilly was acting without her knowledge.  I would not put it past her to be hiding her knowledge of her son’s relationship, but I don’t think she knows anything about his murder.”
“But you aren’t positive, so we are back at the question of whether or not she would murder her own son over his choice of girlfriends,” Cam states.  “And if the stalker is related to Reilly’s questions.”
“She wouldn’t kill him, no matter how mad she got.  Torture is a definite possibility, even killing Isabelle but not killing Liam.  So either the one has nothing to do with the other or Reilly is keeping secrets from the faerie queen,” I confirm.  “We will need to approach this delicately and without the faerie queen’s knowledge or presence.”
“Ana and I will leave the approach to you.  We will still need to investigate other suspects but Reilly has just jumped to the top of the list,” Cam takes out his mobile to check in with Ana.  
After he hangs up with her, he advises that Ana and Dom just finished up the interview with the banshee and they struck out the banshee had a solid alibi.  When he told her about our new lead, she suggested that due to the delicacy of the situation, we head back to my apartment instead of the police station to discuss it.  Not to mention that she still has the Master of the City with her and does not want to show up at headquarters with him in tow.  So at the next light, I make a U-turn and head back to my apartment.




CHAPTER NINE

Cam and I arrive at my apartment around midnight; Ana and Dom have yet to make their appearance.  Not knowing when to expect them, Cam and I go upstairs to await their arrival.  While we wait I start a pot of coffee brewing, knowing we will be making it a long night.
About fifteen minutes later, Ana walks in the door with Dom right behind her. “Where’s Cam?” she asks, seeing me alone in the kitchen. “I’m anxious to see what we can find out about Reilly.”
“He’s in the living room.  He set up my laptop to connect to the station’s system and is doing some checking into Calum Reilly’s background,” I advise.  “I made some coffee, want some?”
“Sure,” she heads into the living room, leaving me alone with Dom.
I move about the kitchen, getting coffee mugs, sugar, and milk in silence.  I can feel Dom’s attention on me but he has yet to say a word.  I have my back to him as I pour the coffee so I feel rather than see him come up behind me.  He wraps his arms around my waist and hugs my back to his chest.
“Did you miss me?”  He places a kiss on the top of my head. 
“No,” I lie but lean into his chest more fully.  “We have a suspect.”
“So I heard,” he confirms.  “You can’t lie to me, Jessie.”
“We just saw each other two hours ago, Dom,” I whisper to him, not wanting Ana and Cam to overhear.  “How could I miss you already?”
“That is a question I cannot answer,” he admits also keeping his voice low but turning me around to face him.  “I can only tell you that I missed you in those two hours.  I missed the smell of your sweet scented skin and the warm honey taste of your lips.  Either we have been possessed and lost complete control of our bodies and minds or this attraction was meant to happen and we are supposed to be this important to each other.  Vampires can’t be possessed and I think your mind is easily influenced either so I’m leaning toward option two.”
“I don’t know what I’m going to do with you, Dom.”  I reach up and stroke his cheek affectionately, trailing my fingers up to brush a lock of his jet black hair out of his eyes where it has fallen rakishly.  “I told you earlier, we can see where this takes us but I think it’s obvious now where we’re headed.  Let’s just try to take it slow; I’m not very good at this kind of thing.  Witchcraft, I can handle, sexual chemistry, not so much.”
“You’re doing just fine.  Witchcraft and sexual chemistry are very similar, both are based on magic,” Dom assures me.  “But we can talk more about sexual chemistry later if you’re up to it.  We have company.”  He leans down to kiss me.
“Jess, where’s that coffee?  It has been a long day and I need the caffeine,” Ana shouts from the living room.  “Are you two going to be joining us anytime soon?”
Dom and I jump apart like guilty kids caught necking by our parents.  We look at each other longingly but I know better than to continue anything, I wouldn’t put it past Ana to come looking for us.  Dom picks up the tray with the cups of coffee from the counter and we head into the living room to join Cam and Ana.
Cam has set up my laptop on the coffee table and is sitting on the floor reading whatever is on screen.  Ana is sitting on chair behind him looking over his shoulder.  When we enter the room she looks up with raised eyebrows and gives me a sly grin.  I don’t need to guess what she assumes we were doing in the kitchen.  Dom hands Ana two of the cups of coffee, one for her and one for Cam then sits down on the couch, taking my cup with him.  I sit down next to him, take my cup from him and take a drink, pretending nothing was going on in the kitchen despite Ana’s interested gaze resting knowingly on me.
“So what exactly happened during the meeting with the werejaguar Familia?” asks Dom, moving to the business at hand.
Cameron looks up from the laptop, “We met with Liam’s girlfriend, Isabelle Margolis.  She was able to give us our first real lead on this case.  Calum Reilly.”
I take over the explanation to add a few more details while Cam continues his computer search.  “Liam had been spending considerable time with the werejaguar Familia in the past few months.  But the majority of his time was spent with Isabelle.  Their relationship had gotten serious in the last month or so.  They were at the stage of meeting each others’ parents.  Isabelle claimed that Liam knew his mother would not be happy about their relationship and had sent someone to follow him recently.  Or so Liam thought.  Unfortunately, we have no identity on the person stalking Liam and though Isabelle thought they should contact the police, Liam decided not to, knowing that it was probably his mother’s doing and she would be extremely upset if he brought the police into a family dispute. And he was right; she would have been pissed if her son involved the police in the dark faerie court’s business.  Isabelle insisted the reason Liam thought his stalker was working for the faerie queen was because in the past few weeks, he had received strange, cryptic phone calls from Calum Reilly.  It appears Reilly was making comments about weres and about knowing Liam’s secrets.  We have no exact details of phone conversations just what was related to Isabelle by Liam.”
“When I retrieved Liam’s voicemails that morning after the murder, I did not hear any from Calum Reilly.  He must have deleted them once he listened to them,” Ana volunteers.  “How positive was Isabelle that it was Calum Reilly leaving these messages?”
“Positive,” verifies Cam.  “Liam called him the faerie queen’s consort.  The faerie queen only has one consort.  It was a strange term for Isabelle, so she remembered it.  She thought it meant husband and kept calling him that during the interview but when we mentioned the faerie queen had no husband and asked if maybe it was her consort, she recognized the term.”
“Jessie, would Calum Reilly act without the sanction of the faerie queen?” questions Dom.
“I am not sure.  Cam and I discussed this.  Normally I would say no he wouldn’t put himself in that kind of jeopardy with Siobhan.  But if he did kill Liam, I know that it wasn’t at the faerie queen’s behest.  Her children mean the world to her, she sees them as her legacy not to mention a hold on the dark faerie court in the future,” I reply.  “If he is acting independently, then I wouldn’t put him past trying to use Liam’s relationship with a were as leverage to get whatever he wanted.”
“So he had the knowledge and maybe the opportunity.” Ana drops that tidbit of information.
“Unfortunately, he did not have the ability,” Dom interjects.  He smiles at me before continuing knowing I would recognize that he got his information from reading my book on faerie powers and history.  “A faerie cannot kill another faerie by ripping them apart.  They aren’t strong enough physically or magically.  So that leaves Reilly hiring someone to kill Liam Connolly.”
“And probably to stalk him,” I include.  “It would have been noticeable if Calum was away from Siobhan’s side, someone would have remarked on it and nobody has.  If he is acting independently he can’t afford to raise Siobhan’s suspicions.  And stalking someone is time consuming.”
“So we have one or two outside contractors,” Dom concludes.  “Our murderer and our stalker could be one in the same or two different people.  That leaves someone that can be tied back to Reilly, someone that can tie Reilly to the murder.  So either there is another dead body, someone considered local muscle or if he’s smart, and he would have to be to be around Siobhan, he hired out of town so they leave once the job is done.  That takes us back to the infamous list.”
“What about the other were’s, the leopards or wolves?”  I wonder.  “Would they take on that kind of thing?”
“The wolves are the bad boys of all the weres, the roughest species,” Dom advises.  “If the weres are involved it would be wolves over any other species.  Catherine left me a voicemail while Ana and I were interviewing the banshee.  We have our meeting with the Alpha tomorrow night.  If someone in the pack took on this contract, the alpha will know.  The wolves don’t act without their alpha’s approval.  If they do, it is terminal for them.”
“In the meantime, we need to talk to Calum Reilly but not let on that he is now our main suspect.  Maybe claim that there was a message from him on Liam’s voicemail.  Jess, we need to go see him in the morning.  Can you arrange another meeting with the faerie queen?” Ana requests.
“It shouldn’t be a problem but he won’t talk in front of her.  We will need to get him away from her to have our little chat.”  I pause for a second to consider the options.  “I might be able to arrange something.  We can claim we want to meet with the faerie queen to provide an update, Reilly is sure to be by her side hoping to find out what we know.  While we are there, I can use a spell to give him a message to come see us at the station tomorrow night for a little chat.”
“Not the station,” interrupts Cam.  “He won’t come there, too conspicuous, too many witness to see him with the police.  Have him meet us downstairs at your store.  He won’t feel as threatened.  And since it is a casual setting, he won’t expect we have discovered any information just that we want to talk to him about the faerie queen without her presence.  Domenico, what time are we meeting the Werewolf Pack?”
“Midnight, up in Lake Geneva,” Dom confirms. 
“That leaves us a couple of hours after sunset before we have to leave for the meeting with the wolves to set up something with Reilly.”  Cam looks up at me.  “If you are sure you can give him this message unbeknownst to the faerie queen, then we will do this your way.  If not, then you don’t need to cause any more trouble for yourself with her, we will question him officially.”
“I can do this,” I smile at him confidently, touched by his concern.
“Ok, then set up the meeting for eight, we will need to leave here about nine thirty if we want to make the meeting in Lake Geneva by midnight, that gives us ninety minutes with him.”  Cam turns back to the laptop hearing the chime that his search has been completed.  
“What have we got?” asks Ana, around a yawn.
“Not much here on Reilly, just basic information.  Since his emigration, he hasn’t had so much as a parking ticket.  I show no personal financial holdings, everything of his seems to be held jointly with Siobhan Connolly in the U.S.  Is that normal, Jess?”
“If they are his finances, then that would not be out of the ordinary.  He may still have his own holdings in Ireland but he was with Siobhan during the emigration so would have had no opportunity to amass individual holdings here.  Only the faerie queen would have businesses separate from his.  She is his ruler; he is still just one of her subjects, even though he shares her bed.”  I consider this information.  “Where would he get the money to pay for his hit man?”
“Probably under accounts he holds under a false name that the faerie queen does not know about.”  Ana advises.  “Cam, can you access the FBI database to see if they have traced anything along those lines for illegal activity tied to Reilly?”
“I should be able to but if he is not in the national database then why would he be in the FBI?” Cam questions.
“You know they keep their active investigations on supernatural creatures out of national database so they don’t have to get the locals involved.  You need to use your spectacular hacking talents to get into the files of their Supernatural Task Force.  If he has a file in the U.S., they would be the ones with it,” Ana insists.
“No problem, partner,” he assures her.  “I’ll also send a message to a friend of mine in Interpol, they may be able to pull something more substantial from his days prior to emigration.   While we wait for a response and I try to hack the FBI, you ladies should try to get some sleep.   It will probably take a while, I’m sure they’ve put in new security since we hacked it the last time.  Remember, Ana, they found out when we arrested their suspect.  Besides, I don’t think the two of you will be getting much sleep during the day considering you need to meet with the faerie queen in the morning and who knows how long she will keep you.”
Ana places a reassuring hand on Cam’s shoulder, “I’ll be ok, Cam.  I just need more coffee.  Besides I might be able to help you with the hack.”
He looks over his shoulder at her and stares silently at her until she yields with a sigh.
“Ok, all right, Cam,” she gives in with a pouting smile directed at him.  “I’ll curl up here in the chair while you hack the FBI and have all the fun.  If you get in and find anything interesting or when you’re ready to go, wake me up.”  She turns to me, trying to get me included in her lecture from Cam.  “Jess, you should get some sleep too.  You’re the one with a business to run during the day while I can sleep.”
Dom brushes my hair from the side of my face and strokes my cheek.  “She’s right, Jessie.  You more than anyone need some sleep after the day you have had.  While Cameron is busy with the computer, there is nothing for you to do, you should rest.  Let me put you to bed.”
I hear Ana snort back a laugh at his suggestion.  I turn and stick my tongue out at her.  “I’m fine.  I don’t need to be put to bed.  There is other research I could do while Cam works here.”
“It’s not necessary.  You will have time to research during the afternoon,” Cam insists, grinning at Ana again over his shoulder, enjoying having something to tease me about.  “You should sleep too, Jess.  If you don’t take my suggestion, then you know Ana never will.”
“Please, that is the lamest excuse I have ever heard, Cam.  You know I’ve never been a follower or one to follow orders well.  Ana and I aren’t little girls that need to be put to bed,” I retort defiantly if jokingly.  “We know how to handle working the hours we need to so the job will get done just like you big bad vampires.”
“I’m not implying you don’t.  It’s just that being vampires, Domenico and I have no choice but to sleep during the day so the two of you have double duty, dealing with the day creatures and the night creatures,” he tries to explain to soften his insistence.  
Dom takes my coffee mug and sets it on the table next to his.  He then pulls me against his side and pushes my head down gently on his shoulder.  “Go to sleep, my obstinate witch.  Cameron meant no offense and you know it.”  He wraps his arm around me and adjusts me to rest more comfortably against him uncaring that Cam and Ana gape at him at his boldness.
“Fine, I’ll rest.  I was only teasing Cam anyway,” I acquiesce, loving the feel of lying against his muscled chest and not wanting to move away even though Ana and Cam are only sitting less than five feet from us.  Ignoring their startled looks at my ready agreement and lack of embarrassment at their presence, I snuggle closer to Dom.  My body is aroused at Dom’s closeness but I will myself to relax and close my eyes.
I feel Dom give my arm a slight squeeze, I slit my eyes open and look up into his smiling eyes.  He nods slightly toward Ana and Cam.  My eyes track to the side to glance at them without being obvious.  Ana has curled up on the floor with a pillow from the chair under her head and her hand resting on Cam’s leg affectionately.  I bring my eyes back to Dom’s and smile up at him in mutual understanding.  The unabashed openness of our actions has shown Cam and Ana they have nothing to hide of their feelings for each other, at least not from Dom and me, and hopefully not for each other any longer.  Taking Dom’s free hand, I lace my fingers with his and then close my eyes to try to get some sleep.
I sleepily open my eyes when I feel myself being pickup in a pair of strong arms, my head resting against a hard muscular shoulder.  I tilt my head back and look up into Dom’s golden brown gaze with a smile.
“Good morning, my little witch,” he grins.
“What time is it?” I ask with a yawn. 
“A little before dawn,” Dom replies.  “Our Irish friend was unable to hack the FBI.  He got close but they’ve put in more security since the last time he was in their system.  His friend from Interpol faxed over some information, it’s sitting on the coffee table next to the computer.  But he and I cannot wait any longer; we need to get going before the sun rises.”
“Where’s Ana?”  I question.  “Did she leave to take Cam home already?”
“Cameron is putting her in your guest room and saying his goodbyes.  I will drive him home,” he explains as he kicks my door closed behind him.  He walks over and sets me on my bed. 
I stroke my fingers along his jaw line as he leans over me.  “I guess you got to see my bedroom after all,” I joke.
He doesn’t take his eyes off me, just braces himself over me, his arms on either side of me.  “I’ll have plenty of time to explore your home another night, that includes your bedroom and everything in it.  Do you need any help getting undressed?”
I put my hand behind his neck and pull his mouth toward mine.  “I thought you had to go.”
“I do,” he replies as I feel the bed lower under his weight as he covers my body with his and our lips meet.
I part my lips with a sigh and our tongues tangle together.  I feel his growing erection as he aligns our bodies, slides his knee between my legs to part them for a better fit, and presses me into the bed.  I wrap my arms around him and grab handfuls of his shirt to pull it over his head so I can feel his hot skin underneath.  I always thought vampires would be cold, that they would carry the coolness from their slower heartbeats and lower body temperatures on their skin but Dom’s skin feels like it is on fire under my questing fingers.
I break the kiss to pull his shirt over his head.  At the same time, he pulls my shirt up, pushes my bra aside, and laves my distended nipple with his tongue.  I moan in appreciation.  I arch my body against his in ecstasy, rubbing myself against his swollen cock as he takes my nipple into his mouth to suckle.  He bites it gently then moves to the other nipple to give it just as thorough attention.
I scrape my nails down his back and grab his firm butt to press him closer, arching against him again as his mouth continues its tender ministrations.  
“Your breasts are perfect,” he breathes against my heated skin his accent normally hidden is thick in his voice.  He flicks his tongue over my right nipple and then the left, as if knowing that I am self-conscious of my A-cup and wanting to reassure me.  “I can fit them all in my mouth.”  He appears able to read my mind and pull out my insecurities as I have never said anything about my self-consciousness to anyone.  
To prove it, he sucks them into his mouth so I feel his fangs brush them.  I moan my approval and pull his mouth to mine for another soul-searing kiss.  My hands move down his body to his belt and unbuckle it.  
As I start to unbutton his jeans while our tongues intertwine, there is a loud knock on my bedroom door.  Dom growls his annoyance against my mouth.  I continue to unbutton his fly ignoring the interruption.
“Domenico,” Cam calls through the door.  “Dawn is fast approaching.  We need to go.”
He swears in Spanish, breaking the kiss.  “I didn’t want to start something I can’t finish but I lose my mind around you, mi bruja.”  He pushes himself up on his arms, taking his weight off of me.  He groans as he stares down at my breasts cupped and lifted toward him by the way he had pulled down my bra to expose them.  Unable to resist, he lowers his head and licks each nipple before pulling the cups of the bra back up to cover me.
“Domenico,” Cam calls a little bit more urgently through the door this time.
“Give me a minute, Cameron,” Dom calls back never taking his eyes, now more gold then brown, off mine.  He brushes his lips across mine one last time before rolling over and sitting up on the side of the bed, his back to me.
I run my fingers along his bare back.  “It’s ok, Dom.  I understand,” I assure him.
He buttons his jeans and buckles his belt.  “I think this is the first time in my nine hundred and fifteen year as a vampire that I regret being one.  What we have together, Jessie, is mind-boggling.  As I told you last night, I have never felt like this before.  I’m sorry I rushed you.”
I sit up, wrap my arms around him, press myself against his back, and rest my cheek against his shoulder.  “You didn’t rush me.  I never put a stop to what we were doing either.  If I remember correctly, I was the one trying to get you out of your pants a few minutes ago.  No regrets, Dom.  We are what we are.  I know you’re a vampire and need to leave before sunrise.  There will be other nights.”
He pulls me around his body so I am straddling his hips and looking into his desire clouded gaze.  “Mi bruja,” he whispers as he settles his lips against mine in a tender kiss.  He pulls back and just gazes at my lips hungrily.  “I awaken before sunset, will you come to me at my house today if I call?” he asks hesitantly.  “I don’t think I can go through another night of wanting you and not being able to have you.  We will be busy tonight until dawn with the meetings with Calum Reilly and the werewolves.”
I brush a stray black lock back from his face, wanting him as much as he wants me. “I can’t promise but I will try.  If Jack is in at the store, I will come to you.”
He growls his appreciation as his mouth descends on mine in a passionate kiss.  He stands up with my legs still wrapped around his waist and our mouths still joined.  He pulls away from the kiss, “Thank you, Jessie.” 
I untwine my legs around his waist and slide down the front his body, feeling his straining erection brush my thighs.  “There’s nothing to thank me for, I want to be with you just as much as you want to be with me.”  I grab his shirt up off the floor and hand it to him.  “You need to get going, Dom.”
He pulls his shirt on and then pulls me against him by the waist my jeans.  “Until later.”  He kisses me, sliding his tongue between my lips and stroking the inside of my mouth and my tongue.  
When he pulls away, I notice he has undone my jeans.  He pushes them down my legs and helps me step out of them.  He looks me up and down heatedly, then reaches behind me and unfastens by bra with a flick of his fingers, pulling it off.  He pulls back the blankets and swings me up into his arms, setting me down on the bed.  He pulls the covers up over me and kisses me sweetly on the forehead.  
“Get some more sleep, mi bruja.”  He reaches over and turns on my alarm then brushes his lips against mine.
“Later, Dom,” I lever myself up on an elbow to watch him walk to the door, staring at his firm rear, finely accentuated in his jeans.
He opens the door and turns one last time to look at me before leaving.  “Nice black panties, Jessie.  Wear something similar later; I will enjoy removing them with my teeth.”  He closes the door behind himself before I can even come up with a response.
I lie back in bed and try to fall back to sleep.  My thoughts drift to the image of Dom removing my panties with his teeth and I feel my body heat up further in uninhibited arousal.




CHAPTER TEN

Ana and I pull up at the Faerie Queen’s front gate at ten a.m. in Ana’s police issue Crown Victoria.  I left Jack in charge of my store for the day and asked him to call in a part-timer to work the afternoon shift and then he can come back and close the store later.  The guard at the gate waves us through, recognizing us from our earlier visit.  
“Let’s go over the plan.”  Ana pulls through the gate and heads toward the front of the house.
“We’ve gone over this a hundred times since we woke up this morning,” I comment.
“So a hundred and one won’t kill us,” Ana assures me.  “We speak with the faerie queen.  Give her an update on the case, drop little hits for Reilly.  And you?”
“I teleport the paper in my pocket with the details of the meeting and your cell phone number into Calum Reilly’s hand,” I reply. 
“Hopefully he won’t look at it in front of the faerie queen,” Ana adds.
“He won’t, for us to use this method; he knows it is something that he doesn’t want the faerie queen to know,” I promise her.  “Let’s go get this over with.”
We go up to the door and it is opened by the same moss green liveried servant.  He shows us through the house to a rear patio where the faerie queen sits at an umbrella table in the warm fall sun eating breakfast.  Reilly is seated to her right.  We wait for her to acknowledge us before we take a seat.  At her nod, I sit down on her left and Ana sits across from her.
The faerie queen says nothing, just continues to eat.  Ana and I wait for her to begin, knowing she is trying to frustrate us with her silence.  I use this opportunity to teleport the note to Reilly.  I know he got it when he looks down at his hand and back up at me.
After several minutes of silence, I can tell he is getting uncomfortable with not knowing what the note in his hand says.  He shifts around in his seat and glances at Siobhan every few seconds.    
“Siobhan,” Calum finally breaks the silence.  “I need to go make a few phone calls to our brokers.  I see here in the paper that a couple stocks we have may need to be off-loaded.” 
“Of course, Calum, go ahead.”  She dismisses him.
He walks from the table and moves into the house, clenching the note in his hand.  Ana and I watch him go.  Still the faerie queen maintains her silence.
After fifteen more minutes of silence, Siobhan puts down her fork and looks up at Ana and then turns to look at me.  “So, Jessica, I was told you have a new friend.”
“I’m not sure what you mean, Siobhan.”  I play dumb knowing where she got her information.
“My friend, Jamal, mentioned that you have a protector,” she clarifies. “someone who intervened on your behalf with him last night.”
“Ah, yes, your friend, Jamal, thank you for the very nice introduction yesterday,” I state sarcastically.  “I hope I didn’t burn him too badly.”
She glares at me, “I’m sure he’ll heal and be wiser from the lesson.  But it is your new friend that concerns me, not Jamal’s injuries.  He gave me the impression that you were more than friends with the creature, that this creature threatened him on your behalf.  That little tidbit of information clarified why you felt you could guarantee the Master of the City would not use your little list against me.”
“It appears Jamal did not learn anything,” I comment.  “I told him that you would not protect him from me yet still he ran to you with his problems.” 
“Jamal has a lot to learn but I don’t want to talk about him.  Jessica, I want an explanation.  What is your relationship with the Master of the City?”  She demands her sapphire eyes flashing her ire.  “He threatened to kill the Rat King if he touched you again.  So what is going on between the two of you?”
I remain silent under her scrutiny.
“I see you learned nothing yesterday,” she glares at me in my silence.  “Your insolence knows no bounds.”
Ana winks at me with a smile, then comments to the faerie queen in a sweet voice.  “If you are offended by Jessica’s insolence and you are no longer happy with her participation in the investigation, my lady, you can always ask her to step down.”
Siobhan turns her glare on Ana.  “Detective Fuentes, I don’t think I was addressing you.  But since you seem to want to be included in this conversation; surely you are worried about your friend’s relationship with the Master of the City.  He is a very dangerous creature.  He will use her to get whatever he wants and when he’s done with her, she’ll disappear.”
“The Master of the City is my partner’s Master as well.  I am fully aware of his reputation and of what kind of man he really is.  And I think you are confusing his actions with someone else’s, I’ve not heard of people disappearing after working with the Master of the City.” Ana snaps.  “I trust Jess’s judgment.  If she is friendly with Domenico, I am sure she knows what she is doing.  But if you do not trust her judgment, then my offer still stands, you can ask her to step down.”
Siobhan glares at me.  “You have nothing to say, Jessica.  You will defy me again with your silence.”
“If you mean about Domenico, no,” I break my silence.  “If you mean do I have something to say about the investigation into your son’s murder, yes. So if you are ready to hear about the investigation, then we will give you an update as we have some new very strong leads.  But if you want to continue to probe into my relationship with the Master of the City, then Ana and I will leave now, there’s no reason for us to stay.”
Siobhan’s eyes flash with anger but she gives in.  “Fine but don’t think we are finished with our discussion about him!  I will find out what you are protecting.  But for now, what have you learned in the investigation?”
Ana begins her update with a note of sarcasm.  “Since we last spoke yesterday, we have had several breakthroughs.  With your kind assistance, we were able to eliminate the wererats as suspects. But it is our interview with the werejaguars that brought us our best lead.  We were able to locate Liam’s girlfriend.”
“Liam’s girlfriend?  Who is she?”  Siobhan asks.  “He wouldn’t tell me anything about her.  That is not like him, she must have held some unsavory leverage over him.  He didn’t want to bring her around the court but wouldn’t give me a reason.  What does she have to do with the werejaguars?”
Ana and I glance at each other.  The faerie queen just confirmed she knew nothing of Calum Reilly’s actions.  We both file this away for our later interview with Reilly and continue our bait for him, for once using Siobhan instead of her using us knowing she will relate our entire conversation to him.
“Liam’s girlfriend is a werejaguar.”  I take up the briefing.  “She and your son were very much in love.  But she told us Liam was afraid of your reaction to their relationship.  He told her you would not approve of his involvement with a were.”
“A were?” Siobhan can’t hide her shock.  “Unfortunately Liam was correct, I do not approve.  He loved this girl but kept her from his family, don’t you find that strange.  How much could he have really loved her?  The girl must have been fooled by my son.”
“According to Ian Merriweather, your son was spending less time at court and with his family and more with this girl.  That speaks of love to me,” I crush her objections with my remarks.  “He was going to meet her parents.  But don’t think too badly of him, he planned on introducing you soon.  He just wanted to make sure you wouldn’t hurt the girl.”
“Why would he think I would hurt the girl?” she demands. 
“You don’t appear too happy about this,” Ana adds.  “Maybe that is why he thought you would hurt her.  I’m not part of the faerie and I know the reputation of your temper.  People have been known to disappear around you.  He was using his best judgment in trying to keep the woman he loved safe even if it was from his mother.”
“He had reason to be cautious; he was being stalked.”  I drop this information to see her reaction.  “He must have known that his actions would have reprisals.”
Her shock is evident.  “Stalked?  He would have told me.  I am his mother, the Queen of the Dark Faerie Court.  I could have protected him.  Who was stalking my Liam?”
“The police are investigating that,” Ana informs her.  “But Liam had his own ideas.”
“He thought it was you.  He thought that you were following him to get information on his relationship with this girl.  That is why he told his girlfriend he could not go to the police.”  I insert.  “He thought he had to resolve this with you himself.  He told her that you would not take kindly to him going to the police with your investigations.”
“But I wasn’t having him followed,” she insists.  “So obviously he should have spoken with me and clarified the situation immediately.  He would still be alive if he would have.”
“He had his reasons for his silence.  We think whoever was stalking him knew he would suspect it was you and not go the police with it.  This person would need to know the inner workings of your court,” Ana rationalizes.  “Did you have a chance to review, Jess’s list?  One of those creatures could know the inner workings of your family and your court and be the stalker or the murder.”
“I’ve reviewed it but I have no leads on any of the creatures,” she admits.  
“Would you tell us if you did have any leads?” Ana probes.
“Of course,” Siobhan asserts.
Ana and I give each other a skeptical look.  We know she would take justice into her own hands in a heartbeat.  If she even suspected that any of the creatures killed her son, we would never find the body.  We will have to tread lightly with Reilly, if the faerie queen discovers this turn of the investigation, Reilly will disappear permanently.
“So can I meet this girl?” Siobhan changes the subject.
“She’s in protective custody,” Ana admits.  “Liam’s killer is still out there so we need to keep her safe.  Maybe after this is all over, you can meet her.”
“You don’t think it would be safe for her to meet me now?” Siobhan feigns offense.  “My son is already dead, I don’t think it matters now that she is a were.”
“No,” I agree.  “But it matters that she isn’t safe until your son’s stalker and or killer is found.  After all, she set us on the right path when she told us about the stalker and may also be a target.”
“I see,” she sneers.  “Well then, I should let you get back on that right path.”
“You will notify us if you have any leads from the list,” Ana pushes.
“Most certainly,” she sarcastically states.  “Jessica, our discussion of your choice of friends is not over.  I want an explanation before long.”
“You want to know why Ana is my best friend?”  I questioned innocently, ignoring her actual meaning.
“I don’t appreciate sarcasm,” she informs me.  “Domenico cannot protect you from me.”
“I wasn’t aware I needed protection from you,” I insist.  “But if I do, I’m sure I can take care of that myself.”
“Or with the assistance of the police,” Ana adds, letting the faerie queen know that she can take official action if needed.
“I’m sure you ladies remember your way out,” she dismisses us with a sneer.
Back in the car on our way to the city, Ana and I both breathe a sigh of relief.  Mission accomplished, Reilly got our note and we planted seeds of doubt in the faerie queen’s head.  She should even now be discussing her doubts with Calum Reilly.  
“Reilly should be ready to cover his ass at the interview tonight,” remarks Ana.
“I’m sure even now Siobhan is filling him in on our update,” I assure her.  “We gave her just enough information to make sure that Reilly is suspicious of exactly how much we know.”
“If we’re right, I should be hearing from him shortly confirming that he will meet us at eight tonight,” Ana states.  “He won’t be able to resist seeing us; he will have to know if we suspect him.  We need to find his helpers.”
“If they’re still in the city, alive, we will,” I confirm.
“Are you sure Isabelle is safe with the werejaguars?” questions Ana.  “Maybe the police should really take her into protective custody.”
“The Familia will not allow that,” I advise.  “They would think we were insulting their abilities to protect one of their own if we even suggested it.  Their second in command gave me his assurance that she will be kept safe, I take him at his word.”
“As long as you trust him and Cam agreed with this, I won’t push it,” she pledges to me.  “We will all need to watch our back a little closer now anyway.”
“After our little chat with Reilly tonight, he may try to take some actions to try to divert the investigation,” I agree.  “We will need to be on alert.”
“You should already be on alert,” Ana reminds me.  “Siobhan was not happy that you kept silent about Domenico.  She will try to find out what is going on with the two of you.  It might be better if you lay off seeing each other.”
“I don’t think that is possible for either of us,” I confess.  “We are too drawn to each other.”
“I kind of noticed.  When you curled up in his arms last night on the couch with no objections, I about fell out of my chair.  Your relationship has moved at light speed.”
“We can’t seem to slow it down.  But I know what I’m doing and so does he.”
“I don’t doubt that you do.   You were always one to know your own mind and you never procrastinate.  Why would a relationship where you feel as strongly as you do about Domenico be any different than any other avenue in your life.”
“Speaking of procrastination, I noticed you and Cam took a cue from Dom and me last night.”
“What do you mean?”
“I saw you curled up on the floor next to him last night, your hand on his knee while you tried to sleep and he worked on the computer.”
“Your eyes were closed, did Domenico tell you?”
“Sort of, he got my attention so I could see it for myself.  I’m happy for you, Ana.  It’s about time.  That’s progress compared to where you were.”
“Then you can be happier.  Cam finally kissed me.  Maybe seeing his Master’s ease with you was just what he needed.”
“Finally!  When did he make his move?”
“This morning, before he left your apartment with Domenico.  You won’t believe it but he carried me into your guest room to put me to bed before he left.  Isn’t that sweet?”
“Hey, it’s only fair that you tell me if he is a good kisser.  You had to know about Dom.”
“It was well worth the wait.  I knew that sexy poet’s mouth would be mind-blowing.”
“Mind-blowing, that’s definitely better than good.”
“I didn’t know he would be such a romantic or that I would be such a sap for romance.  The carrying me while I slept to the room; the kiss when he laid me on the bed; you can’t even imagine how romantic it was, Jess.”
“I have some idea.  I’m just happy that you guys are finally getting together.  I was tired of watching you moon over each other.”
“I do not moon.”
“Sure looked like you did to me.  But it’s over now; hopefully the two of you will put aside your doubts and give dating a shot.”
“Who ever thought I would be one to want to be treated like a romance novel heroine; and by vampire no less?  Me, the only daughter in a house with all boys; I would think being raised around my brothers would have made me immune to that.”
“When it’s the right person, nobody is immune to a little romance, even from a vampire.”
“Now you’re the voice of experience?”
“By seeing Dom and I together, it gave you and Cam the push you need.  I think I get to be the voice of experience in this case.  For once with men, I get to take on your role of giving advice instead of being the one taking the advice.”
Ana’s cell phone rings, interrupting our conversation.  She looks at the caller display, “I don’t recognize the number, bet it’s Calum Reilly.”  She flips open the phone to answer.  “Detective Fuentes.”
She pauses, listening to the caller and replies.  “Mr. Reilly, thank you for responding to our message so quickly.  We would like to ask you some questions about Liam without Siobhan around.  We thought it might give you a chance to speak freely to us.  We thought that meeting at Goddess’s Daughter would make you more comfortable.”
She waits for Reilly’s comments before continuing.  “This is not a formal interview, hence the casual setting.  It’s just a chat.  Of course, Dr. Farrell and my partner, Detective Roarke, will also be attending.”
Ana finishes up the call.  “See you eight tonight then, Mr. Reilly.  Thank you for your cooperation.”  She hangs up and tosses me her phone.
“So,” I prompt.
“He’s nervous.  I could hear it in his voice.  He was asking what exactly our little chat would be about.  As you heard, I gave him no clues.  He’ll be there tonight,” she assures me.
“If he is as nervous as you claim then let’s hope he’ll slip up and reveal more information to us than he intends to,” I comment.




CHAPTER ELEVEN

I’m in my Mustang driving up the Gold Coast of Chicago at three thirty, somewhat nervous.  Dom called me about an hour ago and asked me if I still wanted to see him this afternoon.  I knew what he meant, did I want to finish what we started this morning.  Unable to resist the note of pleading in his voice or my body’s own rush at the thought of seeing him, I agreed and he gave me directions to his house.  I should have known he would live in one of the mansions on the Gold Coast.  As I drive along his street and make note of the house numbers on the gates, I can’t help gawking at the size of the houses.  All are set back from the street; most are gated with either security guards or coded entry panels.  
When I find his number, I pulled up the gate and type in security code he gave me over the phone to open gate.  There are large old oak trees in bold fall colors blocking the house from view from the street.  As the gates open and I pull through, I round a curve in the drive and get my first look at Dom’s house.  It is a stately red brick Tudor style mansion, the windows all have shutters and I notice several of the shutters are pulled over the windows on the upper level.  I pull up and park off to the left of the front door and sit in the car for minute to gather myself together, in awe of the house and the fact that I am here at all.  
As I open my door, I notice four Rottweilers standing about four feet from my door growling at me.  I use a calming spell on them; they sit down and watch me get out of the car curiously.  I walk over and cautiously offer my hand to for one that appears to be the alpha to sniff.  He smells me and then licks my hand.  The others surround me now that their alpha has given his approval and start vying for my attention as I scratch each of them behind the ears.
“Ares! Apollo! Athena! Artemis! Leave her be,” calls a man from the front door behind me.  The dogs run over to him.  “Go around back, guys.”
I turn around to greet the man, introducing myself as I make my way to the door.  “They weren’t bothering me.  I love dogs.  By the way, I’m Jessica Farrell.”
He reaches out to shake my hand.  “A pleasure to meet you, Dr. Farrell.  I am familiar with your work.  I’m Rafael Martinez, Domenico’s assistant.”
I feel a shimmer of his power as I come nearer and know he is a lycan.  “Nice to meet you, Rafael.”
“By the questioning look on your face, I’m guessing you can tell I’m a werewolf,” he smiles.  “I’m the other guard dog along with being the assistant.  I had heard about your powers as a witch.”
“I could tell you were a lycan just not what type,” I remark as he ushers me into the marble foyer and closes the door behind me.  “I didn’t know that Domenico was so close to the Pack.”
“He’s not; Catherine’s boyfriend is the only connection.  I’m what the Pack considers a rogue wolf.  I’m not part of the Pack.  My family has worked for Domenico for years in this capacity and the Pack pretty much leaves us alone because of him,” he explains.  “Actually my wife, Stephanie, is his lawyer.  But she’s human.”
“I’ve learned more about the lycan community in the last few days than I have in my entire time studying Supernatural Science,” I admit.
“Lycanthropes aren’t as public as some of the other supernatural creatures.  We keep to ourselves and haven’t really gone public.  But each lycan community is different.  Each animal community has its similarities but each group you visit would have its own personality,” he leads the way to the stairs. “Dom is waiting for you in his office, let me take you up,”
I follow him up the stairs into a hallway lined with Renaissance artwork.  The shutters are closed up here keep out the sun.  But the hallway is lit by the light over each piece of art.  I recognize pieces from Titian, Da Vinci, and Michelangelo as Rafael leads me down the hallway.  He opens a door on left at the end of the hall and indicates that I should precede him inside.
The door leads to a room filled from floor to ceiling with books.  In the center is a large cherry desk where Domenico is sitting working on a laptop computer.  He looks up as we enter and smiles warmly at me.  
“I’m glad you came, mi bruja” he states softly, he golden brown gaze heated with underlying passion.  “I was missing you.”
“Me too,” I agree as I move toward him, drawn by my very soul to this man.
“I’ll just leave you two alone then,” Rafael remarks.  I hear the door close behind me as he exits the room.
I move around the desk as Dom turns his chair and opens his arms to me.  I step into his embrace.  He holds me tight against him, resting his head against my stomach.  I run my fingers through his silky black hair and breathe in his scent.  
He pulls me into his lap, “It was the hardest thing I’ve ever done leaving you this morning.  I wanted you so much that it hurt.”
I stroke my fingers along his jaw line.  “Dom, there’s something about you that I’m drawn to.  I can’t seem to control myself.  There was no question of my coming to see you today.  I feel an emptiness without you that I have never felt before.  We just met but it feels as if I can’t be without you.  I just existed until the moment we met; now I am living.  It’s stupid, isn’t it?”
“How can it be?  In over nine hundred years I have never felt anything close to the passion and completeness I have felt in the last few days when I am around you.” He brushes his lips against mine.
I part my lips for him and pull his mouth back to mine.  Our tongues entwine, stroking, adding fuel to the fire always just below the surface with us.  I feel his erection growing underneath me, pressing against my butt through his jeans and mine.  His shirt his unbuttoned halfway down his chest and I slide my hand into the opening and score his nipple with my nails.  I hear him groan his approval and feel him press his hardness against my rear.
Dom slides his right hand under my t-shirt and cups my breast.  He pushes my bra aside to stroke my nipple with his thumb.  I sigh in pleasure against his lips as his tongue thrusts into my mouth.  His left hand slides up my back and I feel him unhook my bra.  He pushes my shirt up to expose my breasts and leans back to gaze down at them.  Pulling off my shirt he tosses it along with my bra behind him and fastens his mouth against one nipple sucking and nibbling at it, making me gasp wantonly and grind myself into his erection.  He moves to the other nipple giving it the same treatment.  
I feel his hands at the waist my jeans as he unbuttons and unzips them.  He caresses the skin of my stomach then skims his hand under the waist of my panties.  Trailing his fingers down, he parts my folds and strokes me intimately.  
“You’re so wet for me, Jessie,” he growls as rubs my little nub between his thumb and forefinger.
“Dom, please,” I beg delirious with my need for release.
“Please, what, mi bruja,” he teases, sliding a finger into me making me gasp in pleasure.
Suddenly he turns the chair back toward the desk, pushes everything on his desk to the side with one hand as he continues to stroke me with the other.  He pulls his hand out of my panties and tears off my jeans, panties and shoes all in one movement, setting me naked in the center of his desk.  I know I should be embarrassed at being naked while he is still dressed in his shirt and jeans but I am past that point.  I reach for him to pull him toward me.  He leans out of my reach and just gazes at my naked body with hunger.
“You’re beautiful.”  He spreads my legs so he can gaze at my womanhood, “so wet, so pink and swollen for me.”
He lowers his head and kisses my inner thigh.  I lean back on my elbows, spread open for him and stare down at his black head between my thighs.  I feel his breath on my swollen flesh a second before I feel his tongue lick my folds.  He swirls his tongue through my wetness, growling his approval.  He sucks my nubbin into his mouth and I arch against him and gasp wantonly.  He parts my folds and his tongue thrusts into my core.  I scream his name in intense pleasure and feel the pressure building in my body.  He licks me up and down, swirling his tongue against my sensitive flesh.  He slides two fingers inside me to stroke while his mouth continues its exquisite torture.  I feel his fangs graze my flesh as he sucks me into his mouth and thrusts his fingers into me.  I arch my body against him as I feel myself shatter into a million pieces with my orgasm.  
When I come back down to earth, I feel Dom still stroking my sensitized flesh and his head resting against my thigh.
“Such passion, such fire, mi bruja,” he whispers in awe.
“For you, Dom.  I’ve never…” I trail off, not sure how to explain that my only other sexual experience was severely lacking and left me extremely disappointed.
“Jessie, you don’t need to say anything,” he assures me.  “It can only be like this between us.  We were meant to have this.  You are my heaven.”
I look down and notice the large bulge in his jeans.  “How can you know that?”
“Your taste, your sweetness, your responsiveness to me,” he lists his reasons.  
I move back into his lap and pull his shirt over his head, not bothering to unbutton it.  I run my nails over his chest, loving the way his muscles flex under my fingers.  I feel his erection rubbing against my still sensitive core through his jeans and pant again in arousal.
I unbutton and unzip his jeans.  He wearing no underwear and I feel his cock spring free into my hand.  I stroke him delicately, wrap my hand around him and squeeze him.  He groans in ecstasy.
He stands and I wrap my legs around his waist and guide his engorged manhood into me.  He sinks into me to the hilt with a growl.
“Jessie, I wanted our first time together to be in a bed.  To be gentle and unhurried,” he admits as he thrusts into me again, unable to stop himself.
“I don’t care, I just wanted you inside me,” I crush my mouth to his and plunge my tongue between his lips. 
He lift me so just the tip of him is still imbedded in me and this drives himself back into me with so much force that I feel like he touches my womb.  He guides my body and his in a rhythm that makes me moan in pleasure.  He seems to know exactly which way to move to maximize my pleasure.  I feel him growing ever larger as he thrusts into me.  I feel his muscles flex and strain under my hands as our tongues mate just as our lower bodies do.  
I feel my body start to convulse in orgasm again.  “Please, Dom,” I entreat wanting him to come with me.
As my body shudders around his, he gives a shout of triumph and drives fiercely into me one more time and explodes.
We both are panting for breath as Dom continues to support my weight, our bodies still joined.  I feel his lips brush my cheek in a tender caress.
I look up into his golden brown gaze and find tenderness and love as he looks down at me.  Knowing that my expressive blue eyes are showing the same, I try to pull away.  
He pulls me tighter against him, keeping our bodies joined.  “Jessie, no don’t shut me out now.  There’s nothing wrong here, nothing wrong with what we are feeling.  I am just as shocked by those feelings as you are.  I love you how can I help but love you.  You have such passion, such honesty.”
“Dom, we’re confusing our emotions.  Thinking what just happened has something to do with love when it doesn’t,” I argue.  “How can you love me, you’ve only just met me?”
He pulls away from me, sets me down in his leather chair and kneels in front of me.  If I wasn’t so confused I would laugh at the scene.  Here I am naked and sitting in his desk chair with him, kneeling in front of me shirtless, still wearing his jeans but his cock still semi-hard thrusting out at me.
He strokes his fingers through my hair, brushing it back from my face.  The intensity in his eyes turns them golden.  “Jessie, don’t minimize what just happened by try to claim it is just sex.  Yes, there was a lot of lust involved but I know that you felt something else just like I did.  I can read the emotions in your eyes better than anyone, you can’t hide them from me and you can’t lie to me.  This probably wasn’t what you expected when you agreed to be involved in your investigation for the faerie queen.  But there is no question of how I feel about you.  I’ve never felt this way for another woman.  I love you, Jessica Farrell.”
I turn away from the fierce intensity in his eyes, unwilling to come to terms with what has happened but knowing he’s right and I have to.  I can’t help how I feel no more than he can.  “We barely know each other,” I try to justify.
“We know each other better than anyone else knows us,” he disagrees.  “Jessica, I can’t help but love you for the person you are.  I see it in everything you do.  I see who you are better than even your best friend.  I know the decisions you have to make in your life to protect those you love and the struggles you have every day because of it.  And you know me, just as well because you see the side of me nobody does.  You see the side beyond the Master of the City.  You see the man behind the Master vampire, when nobody ever has.”
Tears roll down my cheeks uninhibited.  “That’s because the man I love isn’t the vampire Master of the City.  It is the man who lets Cam be a police officer and the man who protects a werewolf family from the Pack.  I don’t know how it’s possible that I can love you so quickly I just know what I feel.  I love you, Domenico.”
Dom gathers me against him and kisses away my tears.  “I love you, Jessie.  Don’t cry mi bruja.  I promise to do everything I can to not hurt you.”




CHAPTER TWELVE

He picks me up to cradle me in his arms.  He gets up from the floor and carries me to a door on the side of the room.  He opens it still cradling me against him.
On the other side is his bedroom.  I look around the room while he closes the door behind us.  His bed is across the room on a raised dais.  It is a large hand carved wooden monstrosity that looks soft and inviting with its black silk sheets and black and golden duvet.  
Instead of heading for the bed as I thought he would, he takes me across the room to another door.  He opens this one to carries me into a huge black and white marble bathroom, the size my bedroom at home.  In the center of the bathroom is a huge whirlpool tub sunk into the floor.  I also notice a large glass shower across the room with multiple showerheads what could fit five people easy.  
He sets me down on the vanity, pulls off his jeans, kisses me fleetingly on the lips, and moves over to the tub.  As he bends down to start the water running in the tub, I gaze admiringly at his naked backside.  No man should have such a fine butt, in jeans it was spectacular; naked it is unbelievable.  I watch him as he moves to the wall and grabs a remote.  He uses it to turn on the whirlpool and dim the lights.  He then sets the remote on a small table near the edge of the tub.
These tasks completed, he comes back and picks me up from the vanity without a word.  He carries me over to the tub and steps down into the water, holding on to me tightly.  He sits down in the warm water with me, positioning me between his legs with my back to his chest.  I feel is cock already hard and pressing against my rear.  He pulls me back against him to recline as he leans back against the side of the tub and them drapes one arm along the edge and the other around me to toy with my nipples.
I sit up suddenly, water sloshing around me, as I suddenly remember we didn’t use condom when we made love. “Oh my God, we didn’t use any protection.  We got so carried away, I didn’t even think.”
Dom pulls me back against him again, “Don’t worry, Jessie, I can’t get you pregnant, I can only have children with another vampire.  And if you are concerned about diseases my body isn’t susceptible to the same infections as humans.”
I settle back into his arms relaxing again, “Sorry, it just hit me and I panicked a little.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he whispers, licking my ear while still teasing my nipples. “This morning when I got home, I couldn’t stop thinking about having you here, just like this.” 
 I lay my head back against his shoulder and let my body relax into his.  “You’re insatiable.”
“For you, Jessie, I am.”  He wraps both arms around me, hugs me tight and kisses my neck.  “But I will let you relax for a little while before I ravish you again.”
I turn my head and pull his lips to mine and kiss him tenderly.  “You are a wonderful man, Dom.  Like nobody I have met before.”
“Enough of that, mi bruja, or I will forget I am supposed to let you rest.”  He trails his hands up my arms and my body shivers in response.  “Tell me about the meeting with Siobhan, maybe that can distract me from wanting you for a little while.”
“She was not too happy with me.  She didn’t speak to us for quite some time when we arrived,” I explain.  “While she was distracted with her tantrum, I was able to get the message to Reilly.  He left Ana and me alone with Siobhan shortly after I made it appear in his hand.  After we left, he called and confirmed he would meet us tonight.”
“Why was Siobhan having a tantrum this time?” he asks.
“The Wererat King called her despite my warning,” I reply.
“So he speculated on our relationship to her,” Dom interrupts understanding immediately what I am getting at.  “She demanded to know what you were doing with me and you refused to answer.  Did she threaten you again, Jessie?”
“Of course,” I admit.
“That faerie needs to be taught a lesson,” he angrily retorts.  “And I am just the vampire to do it.”
“Dom, please don’t,” I request.  “Her threat is empty this time.  Ana put her in her place, telling her to remove me from the investigation if she is going to continue threatening me.”
“I knew I liked that girl,” he laughs.  “She has spirit.  Cameron will have his hands full.”
“Speaking of,” I change the subject at his reminder of Cameron and Ana.  “He finally broke down and kissed her this morning.”
“I was hoping he might try something when he carried her into your guest room,” he confesses.  “That is half the reason I picked you up and carried you to your bedroom.  Of course, if I would have known what would happen once I got there, I might have carried you in earlier.  Then I wouldn’t have had to suffer through the drive home.”
“Dom!” I splash water at him.
He leans down and nuzzles my neck.  “Don’t even say it.  You were just as disappointed I had to leave as I was.”
I pull away and turn around so I am straddling him, his swollen cock pressing against my core.  I slide forward until I have impaled myself on him, reveling in the desire clouded look of surprise in his eyes.  
“Disappointed doesn’t quite cover it,” I slide back again slightly and then drive him inside me again to the hilt.  “More like unfulfilled.”
He lays his arms back on the edge of the tub.  “Well then, I’ll just let you have your wicked way with me to make up for my departure this morning.”
I continue to move my hips against his, slowly taking his thick manhood in all the way and then almost all way out of me.  I cup water in my hand and let drizzle down his chest.  He watches me with a predatory gaze through hooded eyes.  
I lean forward and lick one of his copper nipples then suck it into my mouth, biting it softly before I move to the other one.  I feel his shudder of response as he thrusts himself into me as I am drawing off of him.  
As I feel him starting to lose control, I pull myself away from him.  He grabs my hips to guide me back onto him.
“Dom, do you trust me?”  I ask pulling out of his grasp.
“Implicitly,” he replies still trying to pull me back against him.
“Then sit on the edge of the tub,” I demand.
He gives me a strange look but does as I command.  I move forward in the water to kneel between his legs.  I grasp his cock in my hand and squeeze it, watching his eyes dilate with pleasure.  I use my other hand to cup his sac and he growls in enjoyment.  I see his eyes drift closed at the sensation of my hands on him.  
I slowly lower my mouth to him and use my tongue to lick him from hilt to tip.  His eyes fly open in surprise burning gold in ecstasy.  I lower my mouth over him and taking him between my lips and sucking on him.  His eyes flutter closed again with a groan of rapture.  I move my mouth up and down the length of him, licking and sucking while massaging his balls with my hand.  I feel him thickening, lengthening, getting ready to come.
With lightening speed, he pulls me out of the water and has me on my back lying on a towel as he settles himself between my thighs.  I feel my eyes flutter closed at the exquisite feel of him poised at my entrance.
“Look at me, Jessica,” he demands, his golden brown eyes flashing.  “I want to look into your eyes as I claim you.”
I look up into his eyes and see the same fire burning in me reflected back, along with all his love.
He drives himself into me fast and hard. “You are mine forever,” he vows, thrusting in and out of me furiously.
I feel my body tense in orgasm as he pushes himself into me.  “I love you, Domenico,” I declare as my body shutters in release.
He continues to drive into me, amazingly, still thickening with each thrust.  I feel my body reaching climax again, faster this time.  I feel myself shatter in his arms.  As he pulls me tighter against him, he joins me, releasing his seed into my body.
Ever considerate, he rolls over pulling me with him so he’s lying on the cool marble floor and I’m draped over him, our bodies still joined.  We are both trying to catch our breath, as I feel his hand trail lazily up and down my back.
“You are one wicked witch,” he laughs.
“This is your doing.  I was never like this before,” I accuse playfully.
He smacks me on the rear.  “I wouldn’t want you any other way, mi bruja.”
In one fluid motion, he picks me up and is on his feet. 
“You know I can walk,” I insist.
“I know, but why should you.”  He leans over the tub with me still in his arms.  “Reach down and pull the plug please.”
“No need,” I assure him.  Using my powers I pull the plug on the drain for the tub and stop whirlpool jets.  “See you didn’t even need to let me go.”
“Convenient,” he agrees as he carries me into the bedroom.  
This time, he does go over to the bed.  He climbs the dais, pulls back the blankets and sets me in the center.
“I like you right here,” he gazes down at me.
“I’m a little lonely,” I smile up at him.  “Aren’t you joining me?”
He climbs in next to me and gathers me into his arms, spooning his body against mine.  “How could I resist such a sweet offer?”
“Dom, just for the record, I like being right here too,” I admit.
He kisses the top of my head and holds me tighter, “You should try to take a nap, Jessie.  It will be a long night again and we have a couple hours before we need to be at your store.”
I breathe in his scent and let my body relax, feeling myself drifting off to sleep.
I am awaken by the phone beside the bed ringing.  At first I am disoriented as I feel a warm body pressed against my back, and then I remember I am with Dom and relax again in his arms.
This time the phone next to the bed buzzes.  Dom rolls onto his back, pulling me across his chest and presses a button on the phone
“Yes, Rafael,” he answers.
“Domenico, it is a Detective Fuentes on the phone for you,” Rafael replies.
I move to sit up and pull away from him.  He pulls me back down to sprawl across him, tangling his legs with mine to hold me in place.
“Thank you, Rafael.  I’ll grab the extension in here,” he disconnects from the intercom and presses another button on the phone.  “Hello, Ana, what can I do for you?”
“Have you heard from Jess?  I called Goddess’s Daughter but Jack didn’t know where she was.  We are supposed to be meeting there in an hour and I needed to talk to her about Reilly,” Ana replies.  “Cameron gave me this number, I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course I don’t mind, Ana,” he assures her.  “And actually Jessie is right here curled up with me.”
I punch him in the stomach for his comment.  “Hi, Ana,” I greet her, trying to keep the embarrassment out of my voice.
All that comes across the line is silence.
“Ana, are you still there?” I ask.
“Jess?” Cameron’s voice comes over the line.  “Ana dropped the phone during her little victory dance.”
“Excuse me?” I question.
“Ana’s dancing around her apartment right now,” he explains.  “She keeps saying she knew it.”
“Put Ana on the phone, Cam,” I order.  I feel Dom’s quiet laughter and punch him in the stomach again.
Ana gets back on the phone.  “I knew it,” she mocks.
“What did you know?” I demand.
“I knew that you were falling in love with Domenico,” Ana explains.  “Why else would you sleep with him?  You’re not the love ‘em and leave ‘em type.  I could tell yesterday this was serious.  I always knew it would be love at first sight for you.  There is just too much magic surrounding you for it to be any other way.”
I don’t know what to say.  Ana’s insightfulness has caught me by surprise.
Dom sits up and leans against the headboard, pulling me with him.  “Ana, we’ll meet you at the store in half an hour.  You’ve shocked her into silence,” Dom admonishes.  “Couldn’t you have waited until later to spring this one on her?  It was hard enough for her to admit it to herself and me, now you tell her you’ve known since yesterday.”
“Sorry I just couldn’t contain my happiness for her.  She’s my best friend I’ve always just wanted to see her happy,” Ana apologizes.  “See you in half an hour.”
Dom presses a button to hang up the phone and then hugs me tight against his chest.  “She’s right, Jessie.  You know that so just relax, she’s happy for you.” 
“I know,” I state quietly.
He pulls back and presses a tender kiss to my mouth.  “Come on, mi bruja.  We need to get dressed and head to your store to meet them.”
“Am I that foolish to believe in love at first sight?” I question him.
“If you are, then so am I.  You know I felt the same way,” he advises pulling me off the bed and into the bathroom again.  “Now let’s get moving we have about five minutes to shower, so no fooling around.”
I recover quickly with his admission and smack him on his naked, firm butt.  “Then don’t tempt me to fool around.”
After we are showered and dressed, Dom and I say our good-byes to Rafael.  Dom gives him a few instructions and lets him know that he will be busy the rest of the night but can be reached on his mobile phone.  He then leads me out through a different door than the one I entered by this afternoon into his garage.  When we enter, the motion sensitive lights come on.  I see my car parked on the far side of the garage among Dom’s sports cars and SUVs.  But what draws my eye is the 1968 Shelby Mustang GT 500 in black with two red stripes from hood to trunk in front of me.  
I move toward the car and run my fingers over it in awe.  “I can’t believe you own a 1968 Shelby GT 500.”
He moves up behind me and wraps his arms around my waist.  “You continually surprise me, Jessie.  I didn’t know a witch could be a gearhead.”
“Not a gearhead,” I reply still stroking the car.  “I just love Mustangs and this is my favorite.  My Dad has a fully restored 1965 Mustang convertible; I get my love of them from him.”
I watch him move to a set of hooks on the wall with several sets of keys displayed.  He grabs a set and walks over and hands them to me.  “We’ll take her tonight then.  You drive,” he states.
I pull his mouth to mine and kiss him hard and fast.  “If we had the time, I do you right here on the floor of your garage for this.”
“I may take you up on that later.” He moves to the driver side and opens my door for me.  Once I am settled in, he closes it and moves to the passenger side and gets in.  “Press the button below the dash to open and close the garage and the gate.”




CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When we arrive at Goddess’s Daughter, I pull around back to park the GT 500 in the lot, not wanting to leave it on the street.  Then Dom and I walk hand in hand into my store through the back door.  Ana meets us as we are coming out of the back room.
“Did you just drive up in a 1968 Shelby GT 500?” she demands.
“Yes,” I confirm with a grin.  
“No way!  Let me see it,” she exclaims pushing past us to head back outside.
“Have I entered the twilight zone, two of you who love cars?” questions Dom.
I laugh, “No, Ana is the only girl in household of seven boys.  She grew up liking the same things her brother did.  I just like Mustangs but Ana’s a real gearhead.”
When Dom and I step outside followed closely by Cameron, we find Ana walking around the car admiring it from every angle.  As Cam steps over to her, I notice the look of disbelief on his face.  Obviously he’s never seen this side of Ana.  
“Can I drive it?” Ana pleads
I look over at Dom, at his nod, I toss her the keys.  “Have fun.”
“Come on, Cam,” she catches the keys and pulls Cam over to the car.  “Jess, while we’re gone, I’ve got something for you to think about.”
“What’s that?” I ask.
“I went to Claddagh today and interview a few of Liam’s coworkers.  They claim that they felt a strange fissure in the air whenever Liam would arrive at or leave work.  Like something magical was popping in and out of the area,” she explains.  “Do you know what would give these people that feeling?”
“Were any of these people fae or witches?” I question.
“They were fae,” she confirms getting into the car.  “Think about it and let us know when we get back.”
Dom and I watch Ana and Cam squeal out of the parking lot in the GT 500.  Once they are out of sight we head back into the store.  I head to the kitchen to make Dom and I something to eat, having worked up an appetite earlier, leaving him out front chatting with Jack.
When I come out of the kitchen, I find them sitting at one of the café tables looking over one of Jack’s sketchbooks.  I take the plates over to their table and sit down.  Dom is listening intently to Jack’s explanation of the drawing before them.  Without glancing up he reaches across the table, takes my hand, brings it to his lips to kiss my palm and then puts my hand back on the table.  He then asks Jack a question about his inspiration.
I listen to them discussing art with only half an ear, in my mind I consider the information Ana obtained at Claddagh.  It has to be a creature that can cloak its appearance and teleport into and out of an area whose powers are sensed by other fae.
There is a sudden silence. I notice both Jack and Dom looking at me with amusement in their eyes.
“What?” I demand.
“You were in another place,” Dom laughs.  
“Sorry,” I apologize.  “What did you say?”
“I got my letter from the Art Institute,” Jack advises excitedly.  “I start Spring Semester.”
I lean over and hug him.  “See, Jack, I told you that you would get in.  Congratulations!  Did you tell Ana?”
“Not yet,” he admits with a grin.  “I wanted to tell you first, but I guess you weren’t listening so Domenico heard it first.”
“We need to celebrate,” Domenico interjects.  
“You guys are a little busy right now with the case,” Jack states.  “It’s ok.  I’m just happy to get in.”
“Not too busy to celebrate the triumph of a friend,” I add and turn to Dom.  “Can something be organized at one of your clubs for two weekends from now?”
“Of course, Rafael can arrange everything.  He can set it up wherever you wish, Jessie,” he volunteers. 
“I’ll leave that up to you, Jack,” I shift the responsibility to him.
“Then I want it at Blood and Blues,” Jack excitedly requests Dom’s Blue’s bar not far from the University of Chicago campus.
“No problem,” Dom agrees.  “Jessie, we can speak with Rafael about this at the house later.  He will just need a guest list and to clear the date with the club.” 
“Thank you so much Jess and you to Domenico,” Jack beams from his excitement at finally seeing his dreams come true.
“I’m really sorry about you having to work so much to cover for me while I’m working with the police, Jack,”  I give him my regrets.  “You can’t even go out and celebrate tonight.”
“Actually, Jack, why don’t you stop by Bloodlust after you close up tonight and have a few drinks with your friends on me,” Dom insists.
“I think I’m going to like that Jess is dating you,” Jack smiles taking Dom up on his offer.  “I’ll go call a couple of friends right now and let them know to meet me there.”
I watch as Jack walks to the backroom to get his cell phone to make his calls.  “Dom, you are too much of a sweetheart to be Master of the City.”
He leans over and kisses me swiftly on the mouth.  “I would do anything to make you smile.  Besides, I like your friends.”
I pull him toward me and bring my mouth to his for a more passionate kiss.  I part his lips to fully taste him.  My tongue dances with his.  He lifts me to sit in his lap without even breaking the kiss, forgetting where we are.  
“Jeez, get a room,” Ana’s voice comes from behind me.
I pull away from Dom and try to get off his lap but he holds me in place.
“Not a good idea,” he whispers in my ear, pressing his rather impressive erection against my leg so I get his meaning.  “Even without my current predicament, I like you right here.”
Trying to ignore my position on Dom’s lap, I turn to Ana.  “Jack got into the Art Institute.  He starts during Spring Semester.”
“He told me on our way back through.  He said you and Domenico are throwing him a party in two weeks,” Ana advises.
“We are going to try to organize it at Blood and Blues, I hope you guys can get off shift,” I confirm.
“Let’s just hope this case is closed,” Cam interrupts.  “If it is, I don’t think we will have any problem getting off work.”
“How was your drive?  What did you think of the car?”  I inquire.
“Awesome!” exclaims Ana.  “Domenico, I have to borrow that car on Sunday for dinner at my parents. My brothers would die if they saw me pull up in that.”
“Ana!” Cam has a horrified expression at her bold demand of his Master.  “Domenico, she’s not being serious.”
“Relax, Cameron, I find her ease and boldness with me refreshing.  I would be more offended if she feared me than by her boldness.  I see no problem with your borrowing the car on Sunday, Ana.  Jessie can bring it to you on Sunday morning,” Dom agrees with a grin.
“No way!”  Ana jumps up and does a little dance around the table in her excitement.   She pulls Cam to his feet and gives him a fast and hard kiss on the mouth.
“Domenico feel free to loan Ana anything if it means that I get the kisses of appreciation,” Cam jokes at her antics.
Ana grabs Cam and kisses him again but this time with more heat and lots of tongue. 
“And you told us to get a room,” I tease.
“I’m not the one still sprawled in my boyfriend’s lap,” Ana pulls away from Cam and sits back down with him taking the chair next to her.  
“Touché,” Dom chuckles.  “I am serious about the car; you can take it to dinner with your family.  I don’t have a problem with that.”
“Can we get down to business now?”  I interrupt.
“We should,” Ana agrees.  “What do you think of the information I got at Claddagh?  Anything that a faerie can sense but a normal human can’t that creates a shiver in the air when it is around?”
“There are several things that can teleport and cloak themselves,” I advise.  “It must have been Liam’s stalker.  It does eliminate some of the suspects on my list.  Most of them don’t have that ability.  I just feel like we’re missing something here.”
“Maybe we are,” Cam concurs.  “We will just have to try to get Calum Reilly to clue us in.  He should be here any time now.  If he isn’t forthcoming maybe the werewolves can help.”
“Catherine called me earlier to inform me that Ulric, her boyfriend, will be driving us to the Alpha’s house.  He will pick us up here at nine,” Dom informs us.  
The bell over the front door sounds, we all look up expecting Reilly.  It is just a couple of students.  I give Dom a quick hug and get off his lap and go to greet my customers.  After pointing them in the direction of the books they need, I head back over to our little group as Jack comes out of the backroom to take over.
“So how do you want to handle, Reilly?”  I ask quietly not wanting our conversation to be overheard.
“I was thinking that Ana and I would do the questioning like normal,” recommends Cam.  “But I want you to interject whenever you don’t like one of his answers or you know he’s lying, Jess.  Domenico, if you don’t mind I would like your overall observation and impressions of his actions, etc. once we are finished with the interview.”
“Not a problem,” I consent.
“If you are sure you want me to stay, I will.” Dom continues, “I was planning on stepping into the backroom if you needed me to.  I’m not sure how open Reilly will be with me here.”
“We already know he won’t be very open,” Ana warns.  “I see no problem with you staying here and observing.”
“We plan on telling him that there was a message on Liam’s machine from him,” Cam explains.  “That way we can be rather specific with our questions.  We know Siobhan probably already told him Isabelle told us about the stalker but he doesn’t know she was the one that told us about the calls.”
“I have a feeling he didn’t like the interspecies implications of Liam’s and Isabelle’s relationship,” Ana takes up where Cam leaves off.  “This is almost shaping up to be a case of a hate crime but I’m not completely positive yet.  Based on what we know of Reilly and that’s not much, he sticks pretty close to the fae and doesn’t interact much with the other supernatural communities in the city, even though Siobhan does.”
“If he really doesn’t like other supernaturals, he should be really uncomfortable with Cameron and me here,” Dom counsels.  “It should be pretty evident when he sees us.  The fae don’t care for vampires much but they tend to put up with us.  If he really is a, I guess racist would be the best term, then he would not be able hide his distaste for vampires.”
“Why doesn’t he react that way to you, Jess?” wonders Ana.
“I am still more human than supernatural as a witch,” I clarify.  “The fae are use to witches, it is something they have interacted with from the beginning.  But with the emergence of vampires and lycanthropes recently, he would not have had the same experience with them.  Dom is right; the minute he comes in he should show is displeasure at Cam and him being here.”
“Then you need to pay particular attention to that reaction, Domenico,” directs Cam.  “It should give us the insight we need into his motivations.”
“We also need to try to get him to divulge details on the stalker, even if he does it on accident,” Ana orders.  “I don’t think we will have much luck tying them to him otherwise.”
“If I’ve pegged him correctly, he doesn’t like being in Siobhan’s shadow,” I provide my insight.  “He will want to brag but not give himself away.  To get him to slip, we will need to find out how to weaken his ego. Either he will brag when we talk about how smart the killer is or if we talk about how they slipped up he will want to prove his brilliance.”
“Based on what we’ve discovered so far and my guess as to the size of his ego, he will react to the second scenario better,” Dom volunteers.  “He thinks too highly of himself, you need to damage his ego to get him to talk.”
“I agree, he’s a man overshadowed by the powerful woman he is with,” Cam concurs.  “He will be influenced by us calling attention to his mistakes.  We also need to play up on his dislike of other supernaturals.  I will take the lead on pointing out his mistakes.  It will upset him that a vampire is insulting him.”
The bell over my door sounds again, this time Calum Reilly walks through the door.




CHAPTER FOURTEEN

I watch Reilly look around my store, taking in his surroundings.  Once he spots us sitting in the café, a look of disgust passes over his face.  Looks like Dom was right about his reaction to him and Cam.  I continue to watch him as he swaggers toward our table, his distaste evident.
“What is he doing here?” Reilly sneers with a nod toward Dom.  “The Master of the City has nothing to do with this investigation.  It appears Siobhan was right.”
“We have plans after our little get together,” Cam replies even though Reilly had directed the question toward me.
“Please take a seat,” Ana indicates the chair between Cam and Dom.
He gives the two vampires a look of hatred and then steps away.  “I don’t think so, I should be going.”
“You either talk to us here, unofficially or downtown, officially,” Cam advises with a smirk of satisfaction.
Reilly picks up the chair and move it to the other side of the table so he is sitting between Ana and me and further away from the vampires.  “Fine, ask your questions but the vampires can keep their mouths shut.”
“Detective Roarke is a police officer, he can ask whatever questions he wants,” Ana glares at him.
I feel Reilly drawing on an unknown power source, getting ready to strike out.  “Don’t even try it, Calum,” I quietly command.  I draw the energy away from him.
His shock at my power to pull the energy away from him is evident.  “So that is why Siobhan tolerates you.  You could draw power out of her so she couldn’t defend herself against you.”
“No, I can’t,” I assure him with an evil grin but knowing that his words were right on the mark.  “I can only draw energy from someone weaker than me.”  I take the opportunity to make a jab at his ego.
“If you are done with your tantrum, Mr. Reilly, maybe we can get on with our interview,” Ana interjects before he can respond to my taunts.
“By all means,” Reilly acquiesces.
“We retrieved some interesting messages from you on Liam Connolly’s voicemail while at his apartment,” Ana begins.  “They sounded like rather cryptic threats.  Would you care to explain them?”
“I didn’t think it wise that Liam involve himself with some slut of a were,” defends Reilly.  “I didn’t think his mother would approve.”
“And yet, when Jess and Ana told Siobhan that Liam’s girlfriend was a lycanthrope this afternoon, she knew nothing of it,” interrupts Cam.  “Why were you keeping it from her if you didn’t think she would approve?”
“I was giving Liam a chance to get rid of the slut on his own,” Reilly advises.
“The fastest way to get him to get rid of his girlfriend was to tell his mother,” Ana inserts.  “And yet, you said nothing, no hints to her just the cryptic phone calls to Liam.”
“There was no need to involve Siobhan in the situation at the time, I was handling it.  A member of faerie royal family should not be lowering himself with mixed breeds like weres,” insists Reilly.  “He actually claimed to love the whore.”
“Please refrain from calling the girl names, you know nothing about her,” Cam orders.  “I met her; she is actually a very sweet and innocent girl.”
“Who are you, vampire?  You’re just another mixed breed!”  Reilly accuses.  “A faerie with a mixed breed, it is bad enough that we mix with human but at least they are closer to us than a were.”
“So you were going to tell Siobhan about Liam’s relationship with the lycan girl if he didn’t break up with her?” questions Ana, trying to redirect his tirade.
“Of course, like I said I was giving him a chance to get rid of her on his own without involving Siobhan,” he agrees.
“So you were trying to protect him from his mother?” asks Cam.
“Yes,” Reilly jumps at the excuse.  “I knew she would not approve just as I did not.  She would not want her youngest son mixing with a were slut.  She would have been even more upset if she found out he claimed to love her.”
“So you knew that he loved her and wanted to introduce her to his mother?” Ana tries to draw him in to a lie.
“I knew he claimed they were in love, he said nothing about introducing her to Siobhan,” Reilly covers himself.
“What about the stalker?” I redirect the questions, seeing us getting nowhere with the current line.
“What about it?” he demands
“Did Liam mention anything to you while you were warning him?”  Ana clarifies.  “Did he mention he thought his mother was already suspicious of his relationship and that he thought she was having him followed?”
“He told me he thought Siobhan already knew about the whore, but I assured him she did not that it was his imagination that she wasn’t having him followed,” Reilly assures us.
“Were you having him followed?” demands Cam.
“Now how would I do that without Siobhan’s knowledge?” he inquires slyly.  
“Maybe you hired someone to follow him?” Cam suggests.
“But I jointly share accounts with Siobhan.  Where would I get the money to pay them?” he innocently smiles.
“If there is a will there is a way,” Ana interjects.
“We’re on the trail of the stalker already.  Whoever hired them was not smart enough to cover their tracks very well,” baits Cam.
“I don’t know, if it were me, there would be several false trails leading to suspects that the police would have to waste their time with,” Reilly lets his ego draw him into the trap.
“So what would you have done?” Ana pretends to be impressed with his logic.
“I would send the police on a wild goose chase, looking for suspects all over the country,” he confirms.
“When really they would be right near home?” Ana asks.
Reilly catches on to the game and redirects, “Of course not, I would just make it so that there were too many suspects and the police would get bored with trying to track them all down and move on to a new investigation.  But then we already know that Dr. Farrell has narrowed down the list of suspects for you already so my logic is obviously faulty.”
“Maybe not,” Cam assures him.  “The list is still extensive and it is difficult to eliminate suspects without Siobhan’s cooperation.”
“So now you are accusing me of encouraging her to hinder your investigation,” accuses Reilly.  “As if I have that kind of influence over the faerie queen.  You really have nothing, no real leads.  You’re just shooting in the dark, aren’t you?  All you have are some crypt phone calls from me and the word of a slut that Liam was being stalked.  That’s not much.”
“I wouldn’t say we have nothing, you’re here defending yourself, aren’t you?” Cam taunts.
“Vampire, you know nothing and you are nothing to me.  You’re just a mixed breed and I don’t have to have anything to do with you,”  Reilly stands up and moves around the table to leave.  “I am untouchable.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure of yourself,” Cam mocks.  “Nobody is untouchable.  You can’t hide behind the faerie queen forever.”
“Don’t worry, I don’t plan on hiding behind her,” Reilly retorts, turning and strolling from the store.
“He is planning Siobhan’s downfall,” Dom announces once the door slams behind Reilly.  “Killing Liam is just the beginning.”
“You got all that from our interview?” Ana questions.
“Actually I got that from his parting comment,” admits Dom.
“Whoever he had stalking Liam is loyal to him and they are still in town,” Ana adds.  “However he communicates with them, it is not via traditional means.  He thinks we can’t tie him to them.”
“We were right, he is a racist,” concludes Cam.  “He wants to keep the faerie race pure; he thinks Siobhan is ruining it.  Not to mention thinking he is superior to every other supernatural race.”
“He knew Siobhan would give Liam anything, even overlook him marrying a lycan,” Ana agrees.  “He thinks he is protecting his people, the worst kind of bigot, he thinks he’s a hero in his own mind, Hitler of the Fae.”
“We need to find the stalker,” Cam insists.  “That will be the only way we can tie this up and arrest him.  Otherwise he will get away and may be able to bring about his little revolution within the Fae.”
“Whatever he does, it will have to under Siobhan’s radar, she is seriously paranoid and if she suspects she would be the first to kill him,” Ana explains.  “If she even thinks he is our prime suspect, he’s gone.”
“Siobhan is not to be taken lightly, he must have already planned a way to get rid of her,” Cam considers.  “But after all this time, why now?  That is what I don’t get.”
“Maybe she is mellowing and he doesn’t like it,” speculates Ana.  “Now that her kids are older and she wants grandchildren she is becoming more lenient with them.  She needs someone to carry on her royal line.  Isn’t that what all royalty wants, even faerie royalty?”
I notice Dom watching me intently while Ana and Cam continue to speculate.  He holds up a hand to quiet them.  “Jessie, you haven’t said a word since Reilly left?  What is it?” he queries.
“The power he drew on, it is familiar to me,” I admit. 
“I didn’t know you could pull power from a weaker supernatural creature,” Ana declares.
“It is not something I advertise,” I confess, worried what Dom thinks.  “Most supernatural creatures would freak out if they knew.”
Dom stands up, takes my hand and pulls me out of my chair and into his embrace.  “Ana, Cameron, give us a few minutes.  We’ll be right back.”  
He leads me to my office in the backroom, closing the door behind us.  “What is it, mi bruja?  Do you think it bothers me that you have this ability?”
I pull away from him and pace to my desk.  “I don’t think you understand.”
“That you can take energy from any supernatural creature because they are all weaker in comparison?”  He comes up behind me and wraps his arms around me pulling me against his chest.  “I know you are more powerful than almost every other supernatural creature I have met, more powerful than I am.”
“And it doesn’t bother you that I could steal energy from you?” I demand, looking up at him over my shoulder, trying to read his expression.
“Jessie, you can’t steal what is given freely and willingly.  I know you would never drain my power unless you had to,” he assures me.  “And the only energy you drain from me is when you are in my bed, but I have to admit I think that is a mutual energy drain.”
I smile at his attempt to inject humor into the situation.  “I need to tell you that I have stolen power on accident before from other supernatural creatures.  When I am backed into a corner, I have taken it on accident.  It could happen when I am around you.”
“Don’t worry; if you take power from me, I know how to take it back.  I am a vampire after all, I just need to take a little drink of your blood and I can take back my lost power,” he admits.
“Show me,” I order, pulling him toward my neck.  “Please show me so I know it will be ok.  So I won’t have to worry if it happens.”
“Jessie, you don’t have to do this,” he tries pull away from me.  “I don’t have to take your blood unless it is necessary.”
“Please, Dom,” I persist.  “I need to know I can’t hurt you on accident.”
He trails the fingers of his right hand down my neck to caress my pulse while his other hand slides under my t-shirt to stroke my breast.  He pushes my bra aside to fondle my nipple until it is a hard nub under his fingers.
“This wasn’t how I thought vampires took blood,” I joke.
“It’s not,” he breathes against my ear.  “I can’t bespell you so taking blood from you would be painful.  I’m just trying to make it more pleasant.”
He moves his mouth to my neck and begins to lick and nibble at my pulse.  My body reacts instantly and I push my ass again his hard straining cock.  His right hand drifts down to the waist of my jeans.  He unfastens them and skims his hand under my panties.  He trails a finger through my wetness and the rubs it against my swollen clitoris.  I gasp wantonly.  
“Take some of my power,” he growls against my neck.
“No, not until I know that you can take it back,” I pant as I grind my hips against him.  “Dom, take all of me.  Please, now.”
He pushes my pants and panties down over my hips and turns me in his arms.  I unfasten his jeans allowing his hard cock to spring free into my hand.  I wrap my fingers around him and guide him into me.  He thrusts into me at the same time as he sinks his fangs into my neck.  I cry out from the pleasure of the sensations running through me. 
I feel him sucking at my neck, taking my blood and with it some of my power.  The pull of his mouth on my neck while he’s thrusting into my body is ecstasy.  As he takes power from me, I start to pull it back intensifying the feelings running through my body.
“Whatever you’re doing, don’t stop,” he groans against my neck, licking and then sinking his fangs in again.
I feel my body tense with my climax at the same time as I feel his swell and tense with his.  We both are so lost in the sensations of the power exchange and orgasm that we collapse against my desk drained and sated.  I feel him licking his bite on my neck as I run my fingers through his hair.
“I guess that answers our question,” I stroke his back affectionately.
“Definitely an interesting side effect,” he pulls out of my body, grabs some tissues and cleans me and himself.  “I got rid of my bite mark.”
I pull him down for another kiss.  “Thank you, Dom.”
He tugs me to my feet and readjusts my clothing and then his own.  “Now you have no need to worry.  You know that I can take any power you drain from me right back.”
“And it’s so much fun doing that,” I wrap my arms around his waist and rest my head against his chest.  “Sorry I freaked out on you it’s just that I wasn’t sure how you would react to the fact that I have the ability to drain power from supernatural creatures.”
“It’s tempting to let you use it against my enemies when I might need you to but I would never ask that of you.  I don’t want you involved in vampire politics; our relationship is separate from that world.”  He hugs me tighter against his chest.
“If someone tried to hurt you, Dom, you wouldn’t have to ask.   Just like you keep threatening anyone that wants to hurt me, anyone that hurts you will have to deal with me.”  I lean back to look into his beautiful brown eyes.  “I love you and you mean too much to me to let anyone hurt you.”
He kisses me hard on the mouth, “Te amo, mi bruja.  You know I feel the same way so don’t get offended anymore when I try to protect you.”
“I’ll try to work on that,” I lean against him.  “I’m not use to having anyone what to or be able to protect me from other supernatural creatures.”
“Get use to it,” he insists.  “I’m not going anywhere.”
Someone knocks softly on the office door.  
“Jess, Domenico, Catherine and Ulric are here to take us to see the werewolves,” Ana calls through the door.  “It’s a pretty long drive; we need to get a move on.
“Ok, thanks,” I reply to her and them lower my voice for Dom’s hearing only.  “Do I look ok or does it look like I just got ravished in my office?”
“You look like a very satisfied woman,” Dom jests.  “But don’t worry nobody will say anything for fear of my reaction.”
“I would think you’ve gotten to know Ana a little bit better by now, she doesn’t know when to keep her mouth shut,” I advise.




CHAPTER FIFTEEN

The drive to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin in Ulric’s Hummer to meet with the werewolf pack is a quiet one.  After Dom and I left my office at the store, we were quickly ushered out to the Hummer to begin our trip, leaving us no time to converse further with Ana and Cam about our interview with Calum Reilly.  With Ulric not looking like the real talkative type, I leave my questions about the pack for the Alpha and remain silent during the drive.
After the two and a half hour drive, we pull off the main highway onto a winding road that leads along the lake.  About a mile and a half down the road, we turn off at a gated driveway.  Ulric uses a remote to open the gate and pulls through.  The drive twists through the woods for another half mile until it opens into a large circular drive lined with vehicles, from sports cars to pickup trucks.  The house is a large modern wood structure with lots of windows, letting in the view of the woods surrounding it.
Ulric pulls to a stop outside the front door.  He turns in the driver’s seat to look back, straight at me.  “We’re here.  Go inside, the Alpha is waiting for you.”
As Ana opens her door to get out, Ulric stops her, “You, Detective Roarke and Domenico can go inside with Catherine and I once I park the truck.”
“I go where, Jessica goes,” announces Dom.
“Fine, but just you,” agrees Ulric.
Dom and I get out of the Hummer and head to the front door.  Once we are out of the truck, Ulric pulls away and drives toward the far side of the driveway where I can see a garage.  We move to the front door and it opens as we get ready to knock.
At the door stands a lithe, beautiful blond woman with striking features and strange gold eyes.  “I am Kira, welcome to my home, Dr. Farrell,” she greets us.  “Domenico, it has been a while.”
“Kira,” he nods to her in greeting.  “What kind of test is your mate planning for Jessica?”
“No test,” she assures us.  “He just wanted a private word with her but I see he won’t get it.”  She appears to be sniffing at the air.  “Ah, now I understand why you won’t leave her alone, she is your mate.”
“Excuse me?” I question, “His mate?”
“You have his scent all over you,” she explains in a tone that brooks no argument.  “He won’t leave you alone and wants to protect you from my mate, our Alpha.”
“She doesn’t need his protection,” a male voice states off to the side of us.  “She is very good at protecting herself.”
“Where did you come from, Caleb?” asks Dom.
“I think you know the answer to that, Domenico,” he remarks cryptically.  “Please follow me; I think we will be more comfortable in the living room.”
I look over at Dom and he indicates it’s ok to follow.  Kira has now disappeared without my noticing it just as Caleb appeared the same way.  
Caleb leads us into a large living room at the back of the house. Off to one side of the room is a fireplace with a fire roaring inside and at the back of the room is floor to ceiling windows and glass doors overlooking the woods behind the house.  
Caleb takes a seat in a large leather chair as I study him.  He is tall with brownish red hair and strange green eyes that look almost wolf like.  I sense his power and know he is the Alpha but I also sense stronger power than I did in the other shapeshifter alpha’s I have met recently.
“Please take a seat, Jessica, Domenico,” he indicates the love seat across from his chair.  “My pack and the detectives will be joining us shortly.”  
Once we are seated he stares intently as me and then turns to Domenico, “So you have found a mate, Kira was right.  I would swear you chose her to increase your power base as Master of the City but I don’t think Jessica would have allowed that.  No, you chose her for another reason.”
“I didn’t choose her,” Dom defends, taking my hand in his.  “As your people believe, it was fate that chose us for each other.  So yes, under your system of beliefs, we are mated.”
“Interesting,” Caleb looks from Dom to me again.  “And your wolf how is he and his human mate?”
“Rafael is fine,” Dom assures him.  
“Why do you find it interesting that Domenico and I are together?” I interject.
“He is Master of the City and you, well I know who you are,” he states enigmatically.
I feel him try to probe my mind.  I am surprised by his psychic powers; I didn’t expect to find them in a lycan.  Unfortunately, my studies of Supernatural Science have been rather limited in the area of lycanthropes.  They keep to themselves and not much is known about them, except that they are shapeshifters and how the lycanthropy is transmitted.
“So what do you know of me?” I demand.
“I know that you are a very powerful witch, a very influential professor and…” he pauses for effect, “I know your mother.”
“Then you know I haven’t spoken to her nor seen her in twelve years.  I see no reason why you would find it interesting that Dom and I are together based on your relationship with her or my lack of relationship,” I announce.
“Together,” he laughs.  “That’s an understatement.  You are mated, in my world that is married.  I’m surprised your mother hasn’t come to see you because of it.”
“She wouldn’t dare.  Besides we have no contact so she wouldn’t even know,” I proclaim.  “And why do you keep insisting we are mated?  I don’t understand that term.”
Dom brushes my fingers with his mouth, turning my attention to him.  “It is the were way, we have declared our love and commitment to each other.  To them, that is being mated.  That we have also made it public by confirming it to Ana and Cameron makes the bond even stronger.  I just wasn’t aware that non-weres could be mated.”
“Your being a master vampire and her being a witch probably bent some of the magical rules, thus mating you.  Being mated to the Master of the City has its advantages.  No vampire will touch you now and most weres will steer clear of you as well,” Caleb pronounces.  “You will learn much about the were community tonight, Jessica, things that Domenico knows but was sworn to secrecy about.  We will ask the same from you and the detectives.”
“Why tell us these secrets?” I ask, puzzled that he is willing to expose his wolves so openly to outsiders.  
“To understand how we know what we know about your investigation for the faerie queen, we need to explain,” he rationalizes.  “I also think it best that you and the detectives understand my world when you all will play a much larger role in it in the future.”
“That still doesn’t tell me why you wanted to meet with me alone,” I declare.  
“I wanted to see how much of your mother there is in you,” he confirms.
“And what have you determined?” I ask, annoyed.
“That within the last few days you have been more her daughter than ever before,” he asserts staring past my shoulder.  “Detective Roarke, Detective Fuentes, Catherine, Ulric, please join us.”
Domenico introduces Cam and Ana to Caleb as I consider all he has said.  The mated thing doesn’t bother me as much as the fact that he knows my mother.  I also appreciate Dom not questioning further about my mother, I have not told him yet who she is so I am sure he is curious.
As Caleb explains to Ana and Cam that he requires their secrecy on all they will learn tonight, I notice that other werewolves start to just appear in the room.  I look about the room considering the newcomers; they obviously have the ability to teleport along with shifting shape.  I wonder what other abilities lycanthropes have that I didn’t know about.
Caleb draws my attention back to him by declaring that everyone is now present that needs to be.  I notice that Kira is now sitting on the arm of his chair and behind him are standing three more werewolves that look like they must be his and Kira’s children, the youngest, a girl appears to be in her late teens while the boys appear to be in their early twenties.
Noticing my attention on them, Caleb makes introductions.  “You’ve met my brother and Beta, Ulric and my mate, Kira.  These are my pups.  My oldest, Kane,” he indicates a tallest behind him who appears to be a younger version of his father.  
“My other son, Quinn,” he nods toward the other boy, quite handsome with brown hair and green-gold eyes.  And then introduces the beautiful blond teenager with green eyes, “And finally, my daughter, Trinity.”
I notice Trinity is staring at me intently with a slight look of jealousy in her green eyes.  “Is there something you would like to ask me, Trinity?” I query softly, wanting to know why she has taken an instant dislike to me.
Caleb turns to glare at his daughter.  “Trinity, I gave you permission to attend only if you would keep quiet.”
She glares angrily at me.  “Father, I said nothing to her.”  She looks at Dom and then turns her angry glare on me again.
Understanding dawns, she has a crush on Dom and notices that we are more than friends.  “Caleb, please let me have word with her on my own.”
“Fine,” he agrees.
I feel Dom tense beside me.  I hear his voice in my head, realizing now that he has drank from me he can communicate with me telepathically. “I know about the crush.  She’s a child, leave it be.  She has had it for years.”
“I know what I’m doing; let me try talking to her.”  I reply telepathically knowing he can hear me as well as I hear him.
I feel him relax again so I get up head outside to give us the privacy from vampire and were hearing.  Trinity follows me outside and closes the door behind her.
“Ask your question?” I request.
“Are you really mated to Domenico?” she asks softly.
“That is what they tell me,” I confirm, watching for her reaction.
Tears gather in her eyes and she wipes them away, “I was hoping that I could be mated to him in a few years.  I love him.  Now because of you, that will never be.”
“Trinity, you are still young.  You will find someone else you will love,” I reassure her.
“But look at him, there will never be anyone like him.  He is so gorgeous.  Yet with the power he wields as Master of the City, he is still so nice to me every time he has been here to see my father.  You have taken him away from me, you have cast some witch’s spell over him,” she declares.
“I understand how you feel.  The first time I met him, I couldn’t take my eyes off him.  He’s beautiful, if you can say that about a man.  I felt instantly attracted to him but did nothing about it.  I didn’t think I was his type, actually I thought an older version of you would be,” I try to console her.  “But we had a connection, no spell involved.  He actually pursued me and I fell in love with him against my better judgment.  I don’t know how this mating thing works really.  Domenico and your father told me that fate decides who will be mated.  I can honestly tell you that it was fate that decided on Domenico and me being together.  Never in a million years, would I have thought I would love a vampire, let alone the Master of the City.”
She wipes her tears away.  “I guess I can understand that.  I’m going to go to my room now.  Can you tell my Dad?”
“Sure,” I confirm.  “Trinity, I think you are a beautiful girl.  One day, you will find your mate.  But until then, you are young, live a little.  And if you ever need anything, you can find me at Goddess’s Daughter on Armitage and Halstead in Chicago.”  In an instant, she is gone and I am standing out on the deck by myself.
“Everything ok now?”  I hear Dom’s voice in my head.
“Yeah, everything’s cool.”  I reassure him as I walk back inside and resume my seat next to him and taking his hand in mine.
“Trinity wanted some time to herself,” I explain to everyone then quickly change the subject.  “So why don’t you tell us why you brought us here, Caleb?”
“I want to give you a little understanding of the were community before I do that.  Let me explain a little about my people so you can better understand us,” Caleb begins.  “There are two types of weres, those who are born and those who are bitten.  Those who are born have other powers besides the traditional shapeshifting all humans attribute to us.  When someone is born a were to two were parents, they obtain supernatural powers allowing them to teleport, use mental telepathy and usually also have telekinesis.  Born weres are considered sorcerers because of these powers.  When someone is bitten and becomes a were, they also get powers but it depends on who bit them.  If they are bitten by a were that was born were then they can get any or all of the other three powers I mentioned.  If they are bitten by a were that was bitten themselves then they may only get one of those powers or only the power to shapeshift.  You will normally find that the upper echelon in the werepacks are those born weres, as they tend to be stronger given their additional supernatural powers so when challenged can easily defeat a bitten were with less power.  But there are some exceptions, most notably in our area, the Rat King was bitten and has no additional supernatural powers.  He was vicious as a human and is worse as a wererat.  He holds his position through fear and intimidation.  The beta with the werejaguars was bitten and has only the ability to teleport but he also is intelligent and resourceful so is able to hold the position.”
“While very informative, what does this have to do with our investigation?” questions Ana politely.
“It is through these sorcerer’s powers that the weres around Chicago have been able to sense something,” explains Caleb.  “I have heard from the leopards and jaguars along with several of my wolves.  They are all claiming the same thing.  Over the last month, they sense great evil prowling around the city, day and night.”
“Are you trying to say that they sense a ‘disturbance in the force’?” demands Ana jokingly.
“You jest, Detective Fuentes, but that is exactly what it feels like,” Kira interjects.
Caleb continues as if Ana and Kira hadn’t interrupted.  “Additionally, since the death of the faerie prince, we have sensed others here, searching for something.”
“Who are these others?” inquires Cam.
“The old gods,” advises Caleb, glancing at me to see my reaction to this revelation.  
“What do you mean the old gods?” asks Ana, confused.
“They are the gods of pre-Christian civilizations,” Caleb enlightens.  “With Christianity, they were demonized but they still exist as do those who worship them.  All of them lost their godhoods when they passed out of mainstream society and were no longer worshipped regularly but they still maintain strong powers.”
“So you’re telling us there are ancient gods, prowling around Chicago looking for something,” Ana tries to clarify.
“Exactly,” admits Caleb.
“Who is here? And what are they looking for?” I ask quietly.
Ana turns to me, “You’re taking this rather well for a Catholic girl like me.  I take you knew that they existed.”
I smile at her.  “It is not something that is well known but yes, I knew about them.”  I turn back to Caleb.  “Well, who’s here?”
“Several gods across multiple pantheons, which in itself is strange, they don’t normally work together,” Caleb replies.  “My sources have been able to confirm several Celtic, Norse, Greco-Roman, and Aztec deities.  As to what they are looking for, I’m not sure but I’d willing to bet it is whatever evil has been stalking around for the last month.”
“Does anyone else think that this evil showing up at the same time as Liam’s stalker is a little too much of a coincidence?  Not to mention, with his death the ancient god cavalry shows up in our city looking for something they lost,” Ana’s voice drips sarcasm.
“If an evil of the ancient gods was stalking Liam Connolly, then that would explain what the fae at Claddagh sensed,” Cam adds.  “Any creature of the gods would be able to cloak itself and teleport into and out of an area virtually undetected.”
I feel my mobile phone vibrate against my side.  I pull it off my belt and look down at the number.  It is Javier’s mobile number.  “Excuse me, I need to take this.” 
I move across the room to the fireplace and answer the phone, turning away from the other and speaking softly.  “Hello, Javier, now is not a good time.”
“Jess, thank God you answered,” he interrupts.  “We’ve had some trouble tonight. Something came after Isabelle and tried to kill her.  You need to get down to here immediately.”
“That’s going to be a little difficult, I’m in Lake Geneva and I’m with your sister,” I advise.
“My need to keep my secret takes second place to the needs of jaguars.  And right now, we need you to be here trying to figure out what happened.  Bring her if you have to but I need to you to get here.  I’m hopeful that you can discover something, anything before the trail gets cold,” he replies.  “Besides, we have several jaguars hurt and you know we can’t call the police, you are our best bet.  The leopards are sending over their doctor, if you don’t mind asking the wolves to send theirs, I would appreciate it.”
“I’ll be there as soon as I can, but I need to warn you, the Master of the City is with me as well,” I inform him.
“Great, a regular supernatural party,” he sighs sarcastically.  “I don’t suppose you could get rid of him.”
“I don’t suppose I could,” I confirm.  
“All right then just get here,” he retorts.
“I’ll get there as fast as I can,” I hang up and rejoin the group.
“What happened?” demands Dom, knowing something is wrong by the look on my face.
“The werejaguars were attacked tonight by something trying to kill Isabelle, Liam’s girlfriend?” I reply, explaining who Isabelle is for the benefit of the werewolves.
“Did they call the police?” asks Ana.
“They can’t, they have injured. They would reveal themselves if they did and they would never do that,” I advise.  “We need to go.”
I turn to Caleb, “That was their beta; he asked if you could send your doctor, the leopards have already sent theirs.”
“I will of course,” he insists.  “But I can do better than that; I can get you there now. Kira, Ulric, who is our doctor, and I will teleport all of you there.”
“Thanks.”  I turn to Ana, needing to explain about her brother before we just show up at his restaurant.  “Ana, Javier is the jaguar beta.  We’re going to his restaurant now.”
“My twin brother, Javier, no way,” she exclaims, looking at Cam for confirmation since he attended the jaguar meeting with me.
“I’m sorry but Jess swore me to secrecy on your brother’s behalf,” he confirms.  
“Why didn’t you tell me, Jess?” Ana accuses.  “It’s not like it would have bother me, my job is investigating supernatural crimes.”
Dom steps up behind me, resting his hands on my shoulders in reassurance and replies, “Now is not the time for accusations, Ana.  Your brother had his reasons for swearing Jessica and Cameron to secrecy.  But right now, he needs our help.  You can learn more about his reasons later.”
“Fine, but Jess, we are going to have this talk soon,” she warns.
Caleb comes over to stand by Dom and me, one minute we are in his living room, the next we are outside Javier’s restaurant.  I look over just as Kira and Ana appear next to us and Ulric, Cam and Catherine appear next to them.
Catherine whispers something to Ulric and then walks off into the night, leaving the rest of us behind to deal with the situation with the jaguars.




CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I walk through the door of the restaurant closely followed by Ana and Dom.  Ulric, Caleb, Kira, and Cam bring up the rear.  Once through the door, the first thing I notice is that the restaurant is in chaos.  There are several jaguars in animal form lying on tables, bleeding from various wounds on their bodies in one corner but other than those tables all the other furniture is overturned and strewn about.
“Ulric, go tend to the wounded,” I hear Caleb order behind me.  “Kira, shift and go sniff around and see what you find.”
Ulric walks past us on one side while a wolf with golden fur and eyes lopes by on the other.  Both go about the tasks they were ordered to by their Alpha.  
I finally spot Javier slumped in a chair by the kitchen cradling his arm against his side awkwardly.  Ana notices him at the same time and I hear her gasp as she pushes past me to rush to his side with Cam close at her heels.  Dom, Caleb and I follow at a slower pace.
“Javier,” I greet him.  “You ok?”
He looks up at me and I can see the pain in his eyes, “I’ll live but I need to shift soon so I can heal.  I haven’t yet so I would be in this form when you arrived.”  He turns to Caleb.  “Thank you, Caleb, for bringing them so quickly and for bringing Ulric.  It’s times like this that lacking a doctor in our ranks is a problem.”
“We will assist any way we can,” assures Caleb.
“What happened?” questions Cam.
“Something came for Isabelle,” explains Javier.  “We had just closed up the restaurant to human patrons.  Isabelle has been staying with me, working here so I could keep an eye on her.  She was counting the money in the register behind the counter when this hooded woman walked in.  Well more like shuffled.  She was bent over and her hood hid her face.  She went right for Isabelle with a speed that was amazing considering by all appearances at first glance she appeared ancient.  I got between her and Isabelle once I realized her intent.  She slashed me with this skeleton like hand on the arm.  The others attacked and pulled her away.  She wounded several of us and kept trying to get to Isabelle.  Then as suddenly as she attacked, she disappeared.  I sent Isabelle to Alejandro with three of my brothers who weren’t injured.”
“Did any of you sense anything when she disappeared?” inquires Caleb.
“No but I swear I saw Quetzalcoatl appear in the corner by the door right before she disappeared.  But when I looked again, there was nothing there,” he advises.  “But then again, my arm hurts so much I may have imagined it.”
“The Aztec god, Quetzalcoatl?” Ana asks.
“Sí, mi hermanita, the Aztec god. I said I was probably hallucinating,” he replies.
“No, you probably weren’t, mi hermano,” Ana looks over at me and then at Cam for approval before explaining to her brother.  “The old gods are in town looking for something; it must be the something you met tonight.”
“Let me see your arm,” I kneel down beside him and pull away the towel he is holding against it.  The wound is red and raw and starting to fester.  “This looks really bad.  Is this normal for shifters?  I thought you healed quickly.”  I lift my hand touch it but Dom grabs me and stops me before I can.
“Don’t touch the wound,” he orders, holding my hand in his.  “Cameron, do you smell that?”
“Yes, what is it?” Cam looks at Dom inquiringly.
“It is something I haven’t smelled in a long time, infection from plague,” Dom pulls me away from Javier.  “Ana, please step back.”
“Domenico, this is my brother,” Ana protests.
Dom looks at Cam and Cam takes her arm and pulls her back.
“He’s not going to hurt him, he just wants to take a look at his arm.  He and I can’t get the same diseases that humans can, it is better that he look,” Cam reassures her. “Why don’t we try to get statements from some of the others still in human form?”
“Caleb, can you go see if Kira needs your help?” suggested Dom, dismissing the wolf Alpha as well.
“Do you want me to step away too?” I ask as Caleb shifts to a large wolf with reddish brown fur and green eyes and moves off to join Kira.
“No, I’m sure you know what I’m going to do,” he states, crouching down to examine Javier’s arm again.  “I need you here to be his moral support.”
“What is it vampire?” demands Javier.  “Why did you make everyone leave?”
“I have to remove the plague,” Dom advises.
“Remove it how?” Javier asks.
“How do you think?” Dom gives him a sarcastic look.
“You’re going to suck my blood,” Javier looks horrified.  “Man, that is disgusting.  I mean you’re a guy.  I don’t want a guy sucking on my neck.”
“Believe me, I don’t want to do this either and I won’t be sucking on your neck,” Dom assures him.  “It’s the only way to get the plague out.  My body can absorb human illnesses with no effect so it can’t kill me like it would anyone else.  You’re lucky I like your sister a lot, or I may have left you to try to fight this on your own and hope your lycanthropy could combat it.”
Dom stands up and pulls me off to the side.  “His lycanthropy should have prevented him from getting infected,” he whispers to me.  “Whatever caused this is supernatural.”
“If it’s supernatural, how do you know you won’t get the infection as well?” I whisper back furiously.
“Because, mi bruja, no matter what, I am vampire, our mutation does not allow disease to affect us.  My body kills it the minute that it enters my bloodstream; it has something to do with our blood.  Vampires have a mutation in our blood that keeps us from aging and from acquiring human diseases.  That is why we must drink blood to survive, the mutation feeds off it, keeping us healthy and alive,” he assures me.  “But since this plague is supernatural, it may weaken me.”
“What do you need me to do?” I question. 
“Call Rafael and have him come get me, I should be ok tonight once I sleep,” he advises.
I reach up and stroke his cheek.  “Why won’t you let me help you now?  I could give you a power boost to help you fight this.”
“And weaken yourself, no,” he captures my hand and kisses my fingers.
“There are enough shapeshifters in this room that I could siphon off some their power and they would never know it.”  I switch to telepathy so we are not overheard by the weres with their highly developed sense of hearing.
“It’s too risky.  If Caleb ever learned you have this ability and used it on him.  I don’t even want to consider what he might try to do to you”.  His voice replies in my head while his eyes show me how much he appreciates the thought.
“He won’t know.  Let me help you, please, Dom.  Trust me.”  I argue.
“Ok, because I do trust you,” he agrees switching back to speaking aloud.  “Jessie, I won’t be able to make this as pleasant as last time I took blood from you.  We have an audience after all.”
“That’s all right,” I reassure him.  “I’d rather not give the lycan community a show tonight.”
“I’ll drink from your wrist, it should be less painful than if I took it from your neck,” he advises, capturing my hand in his and bringing it to his lips.  “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” I start to absorb small bits of energy from the shifters around us.
He licks at my wrist and nibbles the skin, making me shiver in awareness.  I know he is trying to distract me to lessen the pain.  When I feel him sink his fangs into my wrist I close my eyes and concentrate on drawing the power and transferring it to him through my blood and not on the pain.  When I feel him lick my wrist to heal the wound with his saliva, I open my eyes and find him gazing down at me with all his love for me showing in golden brown eyes.
“Are you ok?  You’re not lightheaded are you?” He can’t hide the worry in his voice.  “I drank from you twice tonight; I don’t want to drain you too much.”
“Just a little more tired than usual,” I reassure him.  “I’ll be fine.  Let’s see to Javier.”
He leans down and kisses me softly on the lips.  “You’re coming home with me after this to sleep.  No objections, Jack can run the store for you for the next few days.”
“No objections,” I agree.
We both move back to where Javier is sitting watching us.  Dom kneels down next to him and takes his arm to examine it one last time.
“Why did you let him suck your blood?” demands Javier.
“So he can save you,” I reply.  
“I thought he was going to drink my blood to save me,” Javier grumbles.
“He is.”  I continue, “But by doing that he was going to weaken himself, by taking my blood, the blood of a witch, he gets some of my strength to help fight the weakness that the supernatural nature of the plague would bring about.”
Dom looks up at me, “I can’t bespell him.  You will need to distract him.”
“What do you mean?” asks Javier.
“He’s going to bite you and suck the plague out of your bloodstream, it will probably hurt,” I explain.  “Since you are a werejaguar, he can’t bespell you like a normal human so you are distracted and don’t feel of the pain.”
“Did he bespell you?” Javier cringes as Dom sinks his fangs into his wrist.
“No, as a witch he can’t bespell me either,” I confirm.
“I notice you are mated with him now, you weren’t last night,” Javier remarks, trying to distract himself.
“It happened earlier this evening,” I admit.  “At the time, I didn’t realize that I was mated to anyone.  It wasn’t until we went to see the werewolves that term started coming up.  Will every were I meet feel the need to remark on it?”
“Probably, it is unusual to find humans mated like weres; normally they don’t bear the scent that marks them as mated unless they are mated to a were,” he advises.  “But then neither of you is human so that is probably how it happened, I just didn’t know other supernaturals were effected by that side of our nature when they aren’t mated with one of us.  If I believed in soul mates, I might chalk it up to that.  Still being soul mates, if you are, doesn’t explain how the two of you were mated like weres.”
“You say I bear a scent that marks me as mated, what scent is that?” I question.
“You smell like him.  Everyone has a distinct scent, you smell like his now.  Other weres can detect it and probably other vampires.  I’m not sure about faeries or other supernaturals.  But anything with a more developed sense of smell will be able to tell,” Javier clarifies.
“So does he bear my scent now?” I inquire.
“Doesn’t work that way,” Javier informs me.  “The female gets the scent of the male to warn off other males, that is how it works in our world.  If a female bears the scent of another male, she is off limits.  If a male tries to take her, it would mean a death sentence.”
“That is so unfair, what is to keep the unmated females away from a mated male?” I accuse.
“If they just want sex, nothing except the male himself.  A mate is usually someone you love and have declared your love for publicly so a male normally won’t stray.  But as with normal human relationships you have exceptions.” Javier cringles again in pain, then continues where he left off.  “If they are looking for a mate then they stay away from a mated male even if he is interested.  You can only be mated once.”  He lowers his voice to a whisper.  “How did Ana take the news about me?”
“She wasn’t happy that I kept it from her,” I level with him.  “We will both have some explaining to do later.  But she is worried about you right now so she will keep her anger to herself.”
“I guess I owe you multiple favors this time,” he admits.
“Why?” I query.
“You lied to Ana for me, you came to help us, and your mate is probably saving my life right now,” he lists.
“You already know how you need to repay for me for the first one, the second comes with no strings attached, and the third, you owe Domenico, not me,” I advise.
I notice Dom pull back from Javier’s arm.  The wound no longer looks infected.
“You should shift now, it will finish the healing process,” Dom orders him.
“Ok,” Javier shifts into a large tan Jaguar with black spots and brown eyes.  He jumps off the chair he was sitting in and moves over to join the other wounded jaguars.  As he walks past Ana, he brushes against her leg.
She leans down and kisses his head with tears in her eyes.  When she looks back up, her eyes meet mine and she silently thanks us.
I wrap my arms around Dom’s waist, “How are you holding up, my love?”
“A little weak but not bad,” he assures me, hugging me against him.  “Your little power boost made all the difference, mi bruja.”
Caleb and Kira join us in human form and advise us that there is no scent whatsoever of the attacker.  That in itself is strange; and it further proves the theory of the weres that this is something from the old gods.  Only something from them would leave no scent at all.  With nothing more to do, the Alpha wolf and his mate depart in a flash of light.   
After their departure, Dom and I join Cameron and Ana over with the injured.  We ask the jaguars still in human form about the attack and learn that they all have a similar account to Javier.  They all claim a hunched, hooded old woman came into the restaurant, as soon as she spotted Isabelle, she attacked with amazing speed.  Only Javier got infected with her plague through scratches.  The other jaguars were all injuries from being tossed about by the woman.  She had amazing strength and speed that surpassed even theirs as werejaguars.  Even with their sorcerer’s powers, the jaguars were not able to stop her.  Then as suddenly as the woman attacked, she disappeared.  A few of the werejaguars also mention seeing Quetzalcoatl before the woman disappeared.
Even with this information, we still do not know who is behind the attack.  I know I will need to do more research into the creatures that Siobhan has offended in the morning to find woman behind these attacks.  At least I now have a way to narrow my search down further; the old gods appear to be the key.  
Exhausting all leads with the werejaguars, Dom and I take our leave with Cameron staying behind with Ana who wants to tend to her brother. We collect Dom’s car at my store along with some essentials for me from my apartment so I can stay with him the next couple of days and head back to his house.  
It is an hour or two before dawn but we are both exhausted by the rollercoaster of the day’s events.  When Dom suggests we go to bed, I am more than willing.  Curled up spooning naked with his arms holding me tight against him, I feel my body relax as I fall into an exhausted sleep.




CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

I awaken in the early afternoon sprawled across Dom.  Not wanting to wake him, I try to pull out of his embrace.  He opens his eyes to gaze sleepily at me grinning.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he asks, pulling me back into his arms.
“I was going to go see if Rafael had any coffee downstairs and then I was going to use the library in your office to see what I can find out about our mystery attacker,” I explain, pressing a soft kiss on his lips.  “Go back to sleep, I know it is still early for you.”
“Rafael will get you whatever you need,” he hugs me tight and then releases me so I can crawl out of bed.  “If you need any help researching, wake me up.”
I lean over and kiss him again, “I’ll do that.  Sleep well, my love.”  I head into the bathroom.
After brushing my teeth and running I brush through my hair, I grab my clothes from last night that are still on the floor next to the bed to throw on.  Spotting Dom’s shirt under my clothes, I grab that and pull it on instead of my t-shirt.  I inhale his particular masculine scent and can’t help smiling to myself. As I leave the room, I glance over at the bed one last time to see him hugging my pillow against him in his sleep.  I can’t resist walking back over to the bed and pressing one last kiss to his shoulder before I head downstairs.
After wandering around the lower level of Dom’s house, I finally locate the kitchen at the back of the house on the opposite side of the mansion from the entrance through the garage that Dom and I used yesterday.  Rafael is M.I.A. but there is a pot of coffee that looks fresh.  I wander around opening cabinets until I find the one with the coffee mugs and then pour myself a cup.  I could have conjured the coffee and the mug but I much prefer not using magic for such things.  A little hungry, I look through the cabinets and the refrigerator to see what Dom has to snack on.
“You must be, Dr. Farrell.  Rafael mentioned you were staying here,” a female voice states from behind me, causing me to jump in surprise.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
I turn around and find a petite, blond woman in the doorway dressed in a business red suit and holding a briefcase.  “It’s ok.  I just didn’t hear you come in, I thought only Rafael was here.  And yes, I’m Jessica.”
She steps into the kitchen to shake my hand, “I’m Stephanie Martinez, Rafael’s wife.  I was just heading into the office and was going to grab a cup of coffee before I left.  It’s nice to meet you.”
“You too,” I shake her pro-offered hand.  I sense no supernatural powers at all in her.  It is strange that a human with not even a slight psychic ability ended up married to a werewolf and the lawyer of a vampire.  I decide to ask her how, “I hope I’m not being intrusive but how did you end up married to Rafael and working with Domenico?”
“Not at all,” she assures me.  “I actually met Rafael through Domenico.  I was his business lawyer; he’s worked with my family’s firm for years.  Of course in the days before vampires revealed themselves to the world, my family thought Domenico was a human and that each son was given the same name so there was always a Domenico.  Now we know better.  I met Rafael on my first visit to the house to get Domenico to sign off on some forms for me.  We were attracted to each other so we started dating.  He admitted that he was a werewolf when we started to get serious.  It was strange at first, coming to terms with the myths being real.  But I doubt you have such issues, being a witch.  You know you’re the first woman Domenico has ever brought into his home.  Rafael was surprised when Domenico informed him to expect you yesterday.  In the two hundred years, Rafael has been Domenico’s assistant; he has never brought a woman into his home.”
“Exactly how old is Rafael?” I question interested in learning new information about lycanthropes.
“He’s about three hundred years old, that is middle aged for a werewolf according to him.   He told me most live to be around six to seven hundred years,” she admits.  “He told me they actually go through puberty at around twenty and it last until they are around thirty or forty, which is like their teenage years.  Could you imagine twenty years of being an awkward teenager?”
“You’re human.  Is it difficult for you knowing he will outlive you by so many years?” I inquire.
“I was concerned about that when he proposed to me,” she admits.  “But we mated ourselves as is the werewolf way.  Through their supernatural powers werewolves tie the fate of mates together.  My lifespan is now linked to his as a were’s lifespan is longer and is dominant over the human lifespan in the mating.”
“I’ve learned so much about lycanthropes in the last few days that I wish I could share it with my students,” I confess.  “But I know that the shifter community prefers to keep their true nature secret.”
“It is how they protect themselves,” she agrees.  “I should be getting to work.  Rafael is working in his office in the pool house, we live out there; you can get him by picking up any phone and pressing the intercom button and then five.”
“Thanks, Stephanie.  It was a pleasure meeting you,” I state.
“You too, Jessica,” she takes her coffee and heads out of the kitchen.
After making myself a bowl of cereal, I take it and my coffee up to Dom’s office to get to work.  First I search the web for ancient gods and demi-gods with the powers that manifested last night when the creature attacked the werejaguars.  Once I have that list, I eliminate those gods that would have nothing to do with a faerie, leaving only those from the European pantheons.  I decide to concentrate on the Celtic and Norse deities, cultures that have history with the faerie.  
I scan Dom’s extensive collection of books until I find what I need.  I pull out a book of Celtic Mythology and another of Norse Mythology.  I am quickly able to do away with the Norse gods and concentrate on the Celtic ones.  Finally my search pays off and I find our attacker, Cailleach.
I follow Stephanie’s instructions for contacting Rafael.  He answers immediately.  I explain that I will be inviting Ana and Cameron over this evening and ask that he clear them through when they arrive.  He assures me that it won’t be a problem and that he will take care of it.
After I hang up with him, I call Ana on her mobile phone.  She picks up after only two rings.  I tell her that I think I have found our attacker.  She wants more information but I tell her that I will explain everything tonight when I see her and Cameron.  I ask her and Cameron to come over to Dom’s this evening for the briefing instead of meeting at my store or the police station.  I give her the directions and request that they arrive around seven.  After she teases me a little about the location of Dom’s house, we hang up.
 Having set everything up for tonight, I head through the connecting door into the bedroom to wake up Dom so I can try out a theory I have.  He’s still asleep, looking scrumptious with the sheets tangled about his waist barely covering his nakedness and one arm thrown over his head.   Unable to resist the temptation of all his gorgeous male flesh, I move to the bed, shedding my jeans along the way.  
Wearing only his shirt, I stand next to the bed and just admire his perfect physique.  As if drawn by an uncontrollable force, I lean down and lick one of his copper nipples.  It responds to my tongue immediately, puckering.  Reveling in the response, I do the same to the other nipple.  I notice the sheet shifts over his cock as it awakens, wanting my attention.  I pull the sheet down to expose Dom’s entire splendor.  I cup his sack and lean over and lick the tip of his erection.  I feel his body shudder in response.  Empowered, I suck just the tip into my mouth and swirl my tongue around it.  
I feel Dom tangle his fingers in my hair as he urges me on and thrusts his hips so I take more of him into my mouth.  I gaze up the length of his body and meet his hot golden brown eyes.  All his need and love for me is unmistakable in them.  I keep my eyes locked on his as I move my mouth up and down the length of him.
I feel his body tense, ready to explode with his climax but before he does, I’m flipped over on my back, he tears his shirt off me and then he drives himself into me.  His strokes are fast, hard and wild quickly bringing me to the brink of my own climax.  At the same time I feel my body begin to shudder with my release, I feel Dom’s own explosion. 
As I come back to myself, I feel Dom’s lips on my throat and his weight crushing me deliciously into the mattress.  I stroke my fingers lightly up his back and hear his growl of approval against the pulse in my neck.
He pulls away and levers himself up so I am looking into his eyes and his weight is no longer crushing me.  “I like the way you awaken me.  I could get use to if very quickly.  Say you will move in with me, Jessie.”
I push a lock his of black hair away from his face and leave my fingers buried there.  “You don’t move slowly, do you?”
“I don’t seem to be able to with you,” he admits.  “But I can give you time if that is what you want.”
“I don’t need time.  I am clear on my feelings for you, Dom,” I advise.  “I just don’t know if I will be able to get use to living here.  This house is amazing; the house I grew up in would practically fit in your garage.”
He leans down and presses and soft kiss on my lips, then rolls over and pull me on top of him.  “You’ve made me a very happy man.  We can go pack up some of your things tonight if you want.”
“We can’t,” I settle myself so I am sprawled across him, my head pillowed against his heart where I can hear its soothing beat.  “I invited Ana and Cam over here tonight.  I found out who our stalker and killer is.”
“You’ve had a busy afternoon.  How did you figure it out?  And who is our attacker?” he questions.
“Before I let your gorgeous body so thoroughly distract me, I did some research in your library,” I explain.  “I looked for ancient European deities who had control over plagues and pestilence.  Since Reilly is Irish by birth, I further limited my search to Norse and Celtic pantheons.   The description from the werejaguars matches, Cailleach, a Celtic goddess.  I came to wake you so I could try to summon her.”
“I am at your service.  What do you need me to do?” he asks.
“Of course, first we have to get dressed.  She’s not the kind of goddess you want to meet naked,” I joke then turn serious knowing I need to explain everything to Dom.  “I’m met Cailleach before, she doesn’t like me much.”
“Why is that?”
“She’s my aunt.  My mother is the Celtic goddess, Maeve.  My mother and I are not on speaking terms and haven’t been since I turned eighteen.  I’m a disappointment to her as a daughter.  I’m nothing like her and she isn’t happy about that.”
“So the cryptic comment last night from Caleb about being like your mother in the last few days is because prior to meeting me you weren’t involved in many relationships while your mother is the Celtic goddess of fertility known for her many affairs.”
“Exactly, not to mention her and I have a difference of opinion on just about everything.  Anyway, Cailleach and my mother have never liked each other.  So by association, even though my mother and I don’t get along, Cailleach doesn’t like me.”
“So how is Reilly controlling a goddess?  It’s not like one of the ancient gods to let themselves be manipulated by anyone, even a faerie.”
“Either he is high ranking in her priesthood or he’s related to her.  I’m leaning toward related to her.”
“That makes sense; even a priest of high standing could not command her to do the things she had done.  She has to be doing it out of loyalty and love for family.”
“This is why I need you there when I summon her, for backup.  I want to get this done before Ana shows up, I’ve never told her about what or who my mother is and I know Cailleach will surely mention her.”
“Before we summon her, may I ask you a question about your mother?  If you don’t want to answer, you don’t have to.”
“You’re the only person I’ve ever told about her.  If there was something I didn’t want you to know, I wouldn’t have told you.”
“Your mother is a goddess, making you a demi-goddess along with a witch.  That being the case I know you should be immortal.  But I have had your blood and I know that you are not; I would be able to tell.  Why?”
“That is part of the reason my mother and I had our falling out when I turned eighteen.  I renounced my immortality so I could live as a human, attend college, have a normal life.  She didn’t approve though she granted my request.”
Dom sits up with me still in his arms.  He positions me so that I cradled against him but can still look into his golden brown gaze.  “You are the strongest woman I have ever met.  I don’t know anyone who would renounce immortality to be a human.  Not even me, I wouldn’t give up being a vampire to be human again.  And yet you had all the benefits of being immortal with none of the drawbacks vampires and other creatures with long lifespans have.  I am the luckiest man in the world to be loved by a woman such as you, mi bruja.”
“I love you, Dom,” I brush a kiss across his lips and press myself closer to him.
“And don’t worry about your mother, it doesn’t change anything between us,” he admits.  “You have yet to hear about my family.  Your mother is a goddess, unusual but not unheard of.  My brother is the Guardian of the vampire race.  There has only ever been one Guardian, him.  He is a unique and very powerful Master vampire that gets called in whenever there is trouble that a normal Master of the City cannot handle on his own or when there is a threat to the entire vampire race.”
I can see his sincerity written all over his face but it is the admiration in his eyes and the trust he shows by telling me about his past and his family that brings tears to my eyes.  He binds his arms tighter around me and tells me not to cry.  I wrap my arms around him and just enjoy being loved, letting my tears fall until I have my emotions under control.  I raise my lips to his and kiss him with all the love in my heart.
When we are both back in control of our emotions, we get out of bed.  We head to the bathroom to shower and get ready for the day.  When we finish getting ready, Dom insists that we get something to eat before we summon Cailleach.  
We go down to the kitchen where I meet Rafael’s mother, Maria, the housekeeper.  She makes us sandwiches and fusses over me, happy that Dom has finally met a woman that he wants to spend any amount of time with.  She is even more elated when Dom informs her that I will be moving in to the house permanently.
While we eat, I question Dom about his family.  It is not often you hear a vampire admit that they have family.  He explains that his parents are still alive and live in Spain.  His father is Master of the City in Barcelona.  His mother is a master vampire but not a Master of a City. She is doctor.  He also admits that his brother is actually only his half-brother, they share the same father.  He wants me to meet them all.
After we finish eating, Dom takes me into a large formal living room on the first floor.  It is decorated in a classic Spanish style that I could picture in a castle in the countryside around Spain with furniture in dark woods and a gorgeous mosaic tiled fireplace.  I can’t believe that this will soon be my home too.
“What do you need me to do?”  Dom asks after allowing me to admire my surroundings for a few minutes.
“I just need you to be close in case I need to draw power or need some brute strength,” I reply.  “Some of my powers are not very effective when dealing with a goddess; she can neutralize them pretty quickly.”
“No problem,” Dom assures me.  “If you need power, just take it, you don’t need to ask.”
“Thanks.”  I move into the open area in front of the fireplace to have some room in case I do need to battle Cailleach.  
The words of the summoning are simple but potent when dealing with an ancient god or goddess, my magic and my bloodline giving them their power.  “Cailleach, I, Jessica Farrell, summon you to human form.”  I repeat the same in ancient Celt and then again in English.  I feel the air around me swirl with power, announcing her imminent arrival so I repeat my litany one last time in ancient Celt.
“Niece, you dare summon me.  I should destroy you and end that human life of yours for your insolence,” she threatens when she suddenly pops into the room.
She is draped in a black cloak from head to toe that hides her face.  Her voice is scratchy and rather high pitched.  I notice Dom shows no reaction to her arrival or threatening words, allowing me to take the lead unless I tell him otherwise.
“Aunt Cailleach, it has been a long time, how wonderful to see you too,” I allow my voice to drip with sarcasm.  “You have been a very busy goddess.  I am sure you won’t be able to stay long what with several gods and goddesses out hunting for you so I will get to the point.”
“You have your mother’s insolence,” she informs me.  “Does she know what unsavory company you keep nowadays?  A bloodsucker, Jessica, I never would have expected you would get involved with one of those.”
“I didn’t summon you to discuss my personal life,” I tell her.  “What hold does Calum Reilly have over you?  Why are you killing for him?”
“My great-grandson has a dream; he wants to be king of the fae.  I tried to tell him I could make him king without going about it so archaically but he insists on taking revenge on Siobhan for her arrogance as well.  Not to mention he wants to keep the fae pure from outside contamination,” she states as if it was a matter of public record.
“You kill for him so he can be king of a pure faerie race,” I am shocked by her nonchalant admission.
“Don’t be so naïve, Niece.  I kill for him because he is the last child of my blood.  I have been unable to have anymore since I lost my godhood.  I will do whatever is necessary to take care of him and give him whatever he wants,” she declares.  “Then he will carry on my name through his children.  And as king of the faerie, he will ensure that the faerie return to my worship.”
“You know I cannot allow Calum to go unpunished,” I advise.  “He lives in the human world; he must follow the laws of that world.”
“You have no way to stop him or me.  No way to enforce the silly laws of humans,” she taunts.
“Your great-grandson had you murder Liam Connolly and try to murder a werejaguar, Isabelle.  He will answer to the laws of the world he lives in, the human world,” I announce.  “I cannot make you do the same but I am sure the gods and goddesses will punish you for your part in this.  They do not like their existence being so blatantly thrust into the mainstream.  I know they will ensure you are reminded of this fact.”
“Calum does not answer to your human laws, Jessica!” she exclaims angrily.  “He only answers to me.  I will not allow you to take him.  And the other gods will not be able to stop me from protecting him.”
Knowing that when Cailleach is angry she strikes out, I shield Dom and myself with my magic.  “Cailleach, he will answer for his crimes and you for yours.  I will see to that.  When supernatural creatures revealed themselves to the human world they agreed to follow the rules of that world.  Exceptions cannot be made or it damages the position of all supernatural creatures in society.”
“The rules of humans have no meaning to me,” she retorts.  “If other supernatural creatures are stupid enough to live by the dictates of human society when they could be ruling it that is their problem, but me and mine will not.  My Calum will be king of the fae. And neither you, nor your vampire lover, nor even Siobhan Connolly will be able to stop him.  He has me to protect him from likes of all of you.”
Her anger stirs the air around us like a hot wind.  I know she is ready to strike and try to prepare myself.  I feel her push with her power to test my magical shielding.  I attempt to draw the power of her pending attack from her and into me to reinforce my shields but I am unable to do so.  
Suddenly the air that was swirling with her anger grows eerily calm.  “I will kill you before I allow you to take Calum!” she shouts.  She pushes out against me with all her power.  I feel my shields collapse against the onslaught of her magic and feel her power pound fully against me.  I feel my consciousness start to slip under her attack.
I crumple weakly to the floor in a heap as she disappears from the room.  Dom is instantly at my side.  I am unable to move and can feel my breathing is shallow.
Dom gathers me into his arms.  “Mi bruja, what has she done?  You shielded me and weaken your own shield.” 
I can hear the pain in his voice and I can’t seem to understand what exactly happened as I start to feel myself slide fully into unconsciousness. 
“Take power from me, Jessica,” I hear Dom whisper as I fade.  “You have to try to save yourself, mi amor.”




CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Suddenly I am conscious with the taste a copper in my mouth, I feel like I am drinking liquid fire.  I open my eyes to find Dom pressing his bleeding wrist against my mouth.  I pull back with what little movement I have regained.
“No, mi bruja, you must drink.  It is the only way I can heal you until you are strong enough to take power from me on your own,” he bites his wrist to reopen the wound and presses it back to my lips urging me to drink more.  “Please, mi amor, I will not lose you now that I have just found you.  What little blood you will take will not make you into a vampire only heal you, vampirism is genetic.  The blood you take from me will only bind us stronger together.”
Seeing the pain and devastation in his eyes, I drink again until I feel my strength start to return.  I pull away from his wrist and lean back against the solid wall of his chest.  I take a few deep breaths before I try to speak, realizing that Cailleach would have killed me if not for Dom.
“Thank you, Dom,” I whisper, still weak.
“No need, I saved you for purely selfish reasons.  I will not be without you, mi amor,” he holds me tight against him as he gets up from where we are sitting on the floor.  He carries me upstairs to his bedroom, and climbs into bed still holding me to him.
“I’m not letting you go for a little while, Jessie, I need to hold you.  I thought I lost you there for a second and I didn’t like that feeling,” he advises.  “You should not have tried to shield me from her, it weaken the shield around you so she was able to blast through with her power and try to kill you.”
“I want you to hold me, Dom,” I assure him and then try to clarify my actions. “I had to shield us both; I couldn’t let her hurt you.  It would have killed me if she had.”
“It almost killed you anyway,” he reprimands me.  “You need to take power from me so you can get stronger.”
“I can’t,” I inform him.  “The amount of power I need right now to fully recover and heal would weaken you more that I already have by taking your blood.  And you know I couldn’t give you power back right now.  You will need your strength tonight for our confrontation with Calum Reilly.”
“You still plan on confronting him tonight after what just happened?” he demands.  “You should be resting.” 
“We don’t have a choice; Cailleach will try to protect him.  But she used all her power to strike out at me and is weak right now, tonight is our chance to take him without her interference,” I explain, knowing he will understand.  I burrow closer against him wanting to feel his closeness and warmth after what happened.  “Dom, why did you give me your blood?”
“I told you, I couldn’t let you die.  It was the only way I knew to heal you since you couldn’t take power from me to heal yourself.”  He presses his mouth to mine in a soft kiss.  “And just as you said you could not live if Cailleach had hurt me, I knew I could not if I lost you.”
“I love you, Domenico,” I snuggle against him, inhaling his comforting scent.
“Maria and Rafael are still in the house, they are werewolves, and since you won’t take power from me you should try to draw power from them?” 
“They are too far away for me to draw power in my weakened state.  But even if I could, I wouldn’t.  I don’t like drawing power from someone without their knowledge.  Last night, I did it because I was able to take such little power from all the weres gathered at the restaurant that I didn’t need to weaken any of them.  If I take power in my current state from only two shifters it would weaken them considerably.”
“If they agree, will you?”
“I don’t feel right asking, Dom.  I will be living in this house with these people; I don’t want them to fear me in the future because they’ve learned I can drain their power.”
“What about just Rafael?  I trust him with my life and my secrets; you can trust him with yours.  I know he will not treat you any differently if he learned of this power of yours.  And when Cameron arrives, you will take power from him, he already knows you have this ability.”
“Since you trust Rafael, I will ask but I will not just take power from him without him knowing and understanding what it means.  And the same goes for Cam; I will ask when he arrives if I can siphon some power from him.  I will not allow you to use your Master’s influence on him to make it a command.”
“Thank you, Jessie.  I promise I will not interfere and exert any undue influence.”  
Dom leans over to the nightstand and presses the extension for Rafael on the phone.  When Rafael answers, Dom asks him to come up to our room.  I notice he uses our room when referring to his bedroom and smile to myself at how quickly he has taken to us being a couple.  I only hope I can adjust as fast.
A few minutes later Rafael knocks on the door and Dom calls for him to come in.  As soon as he sees me cradled against Dom I can tell by look on his face he is concerned but doesn’t ask any questions, waiting for us to explain.  He comes over to stand at the side of the bed near us.
“Rafael, Jess has been injured in a magical attack,” Dom explains, once Rafael has approached.  “She was able to summon the goddess responsible for the attack on the faerie prince.  Unfortunately, the goddess tried to kill her, and almost succeeded at it, when she confronted her with the fact that the police will be arresting her great-grandson and trying him for the crime.  I was able to heal her injuries with my blood but she still is very weak.”
“I can see that,” Rafael remarks.  “You don’t look too good, Jess.  What can I do to help?  Do you need me to go get a doctor?”
“No, she doesn’t need a doctor,” Dom replies for me.  “Jessie is a very special witch, with a lot of power and abilities that most don’t have.”
“Rafael,” I interrupt before Dom can continue and make the request for me, knowing he would.  I don’t want Rafael to feel like he has to allow me to take power from him so I want to make the request instead of it being Domenico, his employer and protector.  “I have the ability to strengthen myself through drawing magical energy from other supernatural creatures.  I cannot take any more power from Dom without weakening him considerably and he will need his strength when we go question and possibly arrest our suspect tonight.  I would like to ask if you would be willing to volunteer some of your energy so I can speed my recovery.”
Rafael keeps his thoughts off his face so I have no way of knowing his true reaction to my request or my ability.  He keeps silent for a few minutes, considering my request and the information I have provided. “What happens when you draw magical energy from someone?” he questions, still not showing any reaction.
“When someone is attacking me with magic, I can take the magical energy of the attack and diffuse it but it gives me a boost of energy, sort of like a triple shot of espresso right into the bloodstream,” I try to give him as much information as possible about my ability to make him more comfortable with what I would do if he agrees.  “When someone isn’t attacking and I only take a little wisp of power, nothing happens to the person.  But in this case, I will need to take more than a wisp from you because if Dom hadn’t intervened the goddess would have killed me.  What will likely happen to you is that the energy drain will inhibit your ability to heal quickly and shape-shift for the rest of the day and probably for tomorrow as well.  Long-term, there will be no effect.  It is just like if you donate blood, your body needs time to replenish the pint that was taken.  In this case, your body will need time to replenish the magic.  I would wait for my body to replenish my magic but we don’t have the luxury of time.  The goddess was weakened by her attack on me so we have a chance to get to her great-grandson without her being around to protect him but we must arrest him tonight.”
“That doesn’t sound so bad.  Has she ever siphoned energy from you, Dom?” Rafael asks.
“Yes, she has,” Dom confirms.  “But my circumstances are different from yours, being a vampire, I can take energy from her blood to replenish my own once she has siphoned it off.  It doesn’t hurt; you don’t notice a difference unless you try to use your powers.”
“All right, go ahead and siphon away,” Rafael agrees without any further hesitation.  He waits, looking at me expectantly.  “What do I need to do?” he finally asks when I make no move toward him.
“Nothing, I’m already done.”  I sit up straighter without Dom’s assistance though I don’t leave the comfort of his embrace.  I reach my hand out tentatively to Rafael in an offer of thanks; most people don’t want to even touch me after they learn that I can drain power. 
Rafael clasps my hand and offers me a cocky smile, “That’s it.  I thought it would be more touchy feeling or something; maybe a little sexual.  I’m almost disappointed.  I didn’t even feel anything.”
“It’s only sexual when Dom is involved.  Somehow he can make it into the most erotic experience for me,” I tease.
“Must be a vampire thing,” Rafael chuckles.
“I guess we’ll never know because no other vampire will get to find out,” Dom interjects unable to hide his possessiveness.  “She can siphon from any vampire she wants, Rafael, only I get the pleasure of taking it back.”
“You sound just a little possessive, Dom,” Rafael jokes.  “I guess it’s a good thing you’re Master of the City, that way you don’t have to share her with your master.  Jess, you would be quite the prize for any Master vampire with that ability, especially since vampires can take power from you and you can replenish it by taking it from others.”
“I only use my power for good, never evil,” I jest, keeping the mood lighthearted.  “Thank you, Rafael.  And I appreciate you not going all distant on me now more than you can know.”
“Not a big deal,” he assures me.  “I’ve known Dom all my life; I’m use to seeing people getting their power sucked out of them.  Of course, your way is a lot nicer and a lot less painful for a werewolf.”
“Still, thank you, Rafael,” I state.  “It makes me feel better about moving in here now that I know you won’t have problem with me.”
“My Mom mentioned that you were moving in,” Rafael remarks.  “It will be nice to have someone else around who isn’t afraid to kick this vampire’s ass once in a while.  I know you won’t put up with any crap from him, just like I don’t.  My Mom and Steph are all thinking, he’s a poor lonely soul who just needs a good woman to take care of him since he’s been alone all these centuries with only the men in my family to take care of his affairs and know his secret identity.  And since he is Master of the City, you know no vampire will stand up to him.”
“My secret identity,” Dom laughs.  “What am I, Batman?”
“Well you do have a house that could revival Wayne Manor and I am sure enough money to give Bruce Wayne some competition, but Rafael is a little young to be Alfred,” I taunt with a grin.
Rafael laughs at my ribbing of Dom.  “I’ll leave you two alone for a while, your guests will be here soon and I will need to let them in.  Jess, my Mom is making enchiladas for dinner.  If you like them, I’ll have tray made up and brought to you when they’re done.  I know they are one of Dom’s favorite dishes so I don’t even need to ask him.”
“That sounds great, Rafael,” I declare.  “Is there enough to make up a plate for Detectives Fuentes and Roarke as well?  I’m sure they will have skipped dinner in their rush to get over here and hear what I have found out.”
“Always, my Mom cooks enough for an army,” he confirms.  “Do you want me to send the detectives up here when they arrive?”
“Send them to my office next door,” Dom announces.  “It’s close enough that if I need to keep Jess in bed, I can without too much fuss from her.”
“I’m right here, guys,” I remind them.  “I’m already starting to recover.  Rafael, please call when Ana and Cam buzz the gate.  Until then, I am going to try to take nap and hopefully further replenish my strength.”
Rafael leaves the room, closing the door behind him.  
“You know, Dom, I’ve always had a thing for Batman,” I tease, going back to his earlier comment.
“You do, do you,” Dom grins at me.  “Then I guess I chose a good comparison.  When you’re feeling better I’ll be your Batman and you can be my Catwoman and we can wrestle around.”
I giggle like a girl at his suggestion, “I may hold you to that.”
“Don’t think I won’t try to get you into a leather outfit like Catwoman’s,” he warns.  “You’ve given me this fantasy about you in leather now; I won’t be able to let it go until I get to see you in it.”
“Will I get my whip too?” I ask innocently.
“I don’t know if I could handle you in leather with a whip.  Enough of this or you will never get your rest and you are too weak for me to molest you right now,” he replies.
Dom shift us around until I am lying next to him my back pressed to his front with my head cushioned on his shoulder and his entire body wrapped around me like a cocoon.  He does not let me move around too much on my own claiming he wants me to preserve the energy I took from Rafael so it can help me recover faster.  My body is relaxed and I feel myself drift off in to a recuperative sleep.
I am awoken by the phone ringing only forty-five minutes later and already feel much better.  I feel Dom shift to reach for the phone.  He hits the button for speaker and I hear Rafael inform him that Ana and Cam have arrived.  He switches off the phone and wraps his arms around me again.
“How are you feeling?” he asks me.
“Better,” I confirm.  “I’m still a little weak.”
“Then promise me you will ask Cameron if you can take some power from him,” he demands.
“I promise,” I reassure him.  “Let’s go into your office, I promise I’ll stretch out on the couch in there and rest.”
“Ok,” he agrees.  “I’ll have Rafael ask Maria to set dinner up for us in there.”
Dom picks me up and carries me through the connecting door and into his office.  He sets me gently on the couch and then moves to his desk to call Rafael, keeping a watchful eye on me the entire time.  When he hangs up he comes over lifts me up and settles himself on the couch with me in his lap.  
“I feel better when I’m holding you,” he explains to justify his actions.  “I came close to losing you today; I still need the reassurance of you in my arms.”
I kiss him heatedly, all my love for him in the kiss.  “I love you, Dom.  I don’t think I’ve thanked you enough for saving me, so thank you.  You can hold me as much as you want; you’re not the only one who needs reassurance after our visit with Aunt Cailleach today.”
A few minutes later, Rafael walks in followed closely by Ana and Cam.  
Ana takes one look at me and stalks over to glare down at me.  “What happened?  You confronted that goddess, didn’t you?”
Before I can reply, Rafael interrupts, “I will have dinner brought up immediately.  Detective Roarke, Detective Fuentes, can I get you anything else?”
“No thanks, Rafe,” Ana replies for them both.  “Right now I just want answers.”
Rafael leaves, closing the door behind him.  
“So,” Ana prompts continuing to glare at me.
“The goddess is Cailleach, the Celtic crone goddess of plague and pestilence.  I summoned her with Dom for backup this afternoon,” I explain.  “I questioned her; she’s Calum Reilly’s great-grandmother.  That is why she’s helping him.  When I tried to reason with her and explain that Calum is subject to the same laws as the humans in the world he tries to live in, she decided she didn’t like that so she tried to kill me with a power blast.”
“Didn’t you have your shields up?” demands Ana.
“She had her shields up but she weakened them by putting them up around me too,” Dom advises.  “I’ve already lectured her enough on that issue so she doesn’t need to hear it from you too, Ana.  Anyway, Cailleach would have killed her but I managed to give her an energy boost.”
“How did you do that when Jess was most likely unconscious?” questions Ana.
“He gave her his blood,” replies Cameron, speaking for the first time since his arrival with Ana.
“So now she’s a vampire?” queries Ana.
“No, drinking our blood will not turn a person into a vampire only heal their injuries, vampirism is a hereditary mutation.  We don’t let humans know that or we would be hunted for the healing power of our blood,” informs Cam.  “You look pretty good for someone who was almost dead and only had a little vampire blood to repair you, Jess?”
“You were there when I drew magical energy away from Calum Reilly last night, I was able to gain more power and some of my strength back that way,” I clarify.  “Dom gave me his blood, but only enough to keep my alive and conscious.  I wouldn’t allow him to give me any more.  Rafael allowed me drain energy from him so I could regain more of my strength.  I was hoping you might let me take some energy from you as well, Cam.  We need to go confront Reilly tonight and I can’t go like this.  We have no choice but to go pick up Reilly tonight while Cailleach is weak so we have a chance to arrest him without her interference.”
“If you take magical energy from him, then Cam will be weaker,” accuses Ana.  “He needs his strength if we are going to the faerie queen’s tonight.  Reilly will most likely put up a fight.”
“There is one way I can regain my strength after Jess siphons some energy,” Cameron quietly remarks.
“And how is that, by taking blood from her?” inquires Ana.
“No, Jess is too weak for blood to be taken from her.  If I could take blood from her I would be the one giving her energy.  Cam will need to take blood from you,” Dom interjects.
“You don’t have to let me drink from you, Ana,” Cam quickly adds.  “I’ll be fine even if Jess takes energy from me and I don’t have blood to replenish my power.”
Ana turns to me, “Will he be fine without my blood?”
“He’ll be weaker,” I admit honestly.  “When I take energy without a build up of magical energy leading up to it in the individual, I weaken their powers.  Your blood will give Cam back probably all of his abilities.  You have enough psychic ability that a small amount of your blood will replenish Cam’s energy much more than a normal person’s would.”
“Does it hurt?” Ana asks quietly.  “I saw Dom take blood from you last night at Javier’s.”
“If you let Cam bespell you, it won’t hurt,” I advise.
“I can’t bespell her.  We’ve tried it, practice for when she is around other vampires.  Ana’s mind is too strong for me,” Cam discloses.
“I can bespell her,” confesses Dom.  “I’ll bespell you so Cam can feed from you, Ana.”
“When Dom fed from your wrist last night, Jess, did he bespell you?” Ana questions.  “What did it feel like?”
“No, he can’t bespell me,” I acknowledge.  “I felt the bite.  We have found if he arouses me, it is not as painful.  But there is another factor that you will not be able to replicate even if Cam makes it a sexual experience for you; I draw energy at the same time so the pain is lessened.”
“I’m not sure about this,” Ana hesitates.
“There may be another way so I don’t have to bespell you,” explains Dom.  “If Cameron can make it a sexual experience when he bites you, you will still feel the pain from the initial bite.  But once he begins to drink, if you open your mind through your psychic abilities, then he should be able to channel the ecstasy he feels when he drinks into your mind so the pain will be less or be replaced with pleasure.”
“I think I might be jealous of the woman you learned this with,” I remark.
Dom kisses me quickly on the mouth with a grin, “No need to be, Catherine is the one who mentioned that trick.  She told me that is how she feeds from Ulric even though she can’t bespell him.  He does not like her feeding from other men and she doesn’t like feeding from women.”
I look away from Dom and still notice some hesitation in Ana’s eyes.  “Nobody but the four of us will know that Cam fed from you.  Once he feeds, Cam will use his saliva to heal the bite wound so nobody will be able to tell.  And so you don’t have to get intimate in front of Dom and me, you can use one of the spare bedrooms here for some privacy.”
“I’ll let you feed from me, Cam,” Ana finally agrees.
Cam pulls Ana into his embrace for a hug, smiling at her shyly. “Thank you, angel, I know it is difficult for you.  Jess, you can take the energy you need now.”
I siphon the energy from Cameron that I need to replenish my strength and magical powers.  “Thank you, Cam.  I’m all finished.”
“You can use the bedroom across the hall,” volunteers Dom.
Cameron leads Ana from the room, closing the door behind them.  Once they are gone, Dom asks me how I am feeling.  I assure him that I am much stronger now and all I need is some food to completely recover.  
A short while later, Maria brings in a tray with dinner for us and sets it on the desk.  I start to get up to get my plate but Dom insists on serving me.  He has just brought me my plate when Ana and Cameron return.  Cam tells Ana to sit down and then brings her a plate with a glass of soda.  While we eat, Dom and I recount the entire tale of our meeting with Cailleach.  
Once we are finished eating, we plan out our strategy for our meeting with Calum Reilly and Siobhan Connolly.  We know that Siobhan won’t sit by and let us arrest Reilly once she finds out that he is guilty of her son’s murder.  She will want vengeance of her own.  I hope to be able to convince her to let us take Reilly into custody for trial and punishment under the laws of the land they have chosen as their home.  I don’t have much hope of the faerie queen letting Reilly go to trial but she should let us arrest him and then try later to have him murdered in jail.




CHAPTER NINETEEN

We arrive at the faerie queen’s estate at a little after ten p.m., Ana and Cameron in their police issue Crown Vic, Dom and I in his GT 500.  We are admitted through the gate with no issues.  Despite the ease of which we gain entry to the grounds, I am unsure if it will be as easy gaining access to the house with two vampires.  
We are greeted at the door by the liveried butler.  He recognizes Ana and me but looks curiously at Cam and Dom.  Ana states we are here on police business to see Calum Reilly.  The servant accepts the excuse and invites us in; showing us into the same yellow room Ana and I were put in during our first visit.
After waiting fifteen minutes, the faerie queen makes her appearance with Calum Reilly at her side.  Her gaze sweeps the room, she hesitates on seeing Cameron.  When she turns and sees Domenico sitting next to me on the couch fury sparks from her very person.  
“Jessica, how dare you bring him here?” the cold fury in her voice could freeze water.  “I thought I made my opinion of the Master of the City clear to you.  That you continue to thwart me and now flaunt him in my face is beyond excusable.  Do you expect me to overlook another insult from you?”
Sensing Dom’s own anger building, I link my fingers with his in reassurance prior to responding to the faerie queen.  “Siobhan, Domenico is only here for my protection.  Leave the room if you don’t want to be in his presence but he stays.  We are not here to see you, as I am sure your butler told you, we came to see Calum.”
“This is my house; you dare to give me orders here.  You continually show me your arrogance has no bounds.  You have made your loyalties clear, Jessica,” she retorts.  “I will not have this creature in my house, leave, both of you.  I don’t want your involvement in the investigation any longer.”
“It is not Jessica’s loyalties you should be questioning, Siobhan,” Dom interjects.  “My presence here has nothing to do with you.  But if you insult Jessica any more than you already have then I will make sure that by the end of this visit you will not do so again.  That you are the faerie queen does not bother me in the least.”
“Threats, Domenico,” she taunts.  “I was Queen of the Faerie before you were even born.  I have several millennia on you, yet.  Do you really think you have the power to take me on?  You don’t know half of what I am capable of doing.”
“I could say the same,” he replies calmly.  “Do not underestimate me, Siobhan.  Do not forget I am not just any Master of the City; I come from a long line of powerful vampires.  Or have you forgotten who my brother is?”
I can tell the moment Siobhan realizes who Dom really is and the meaning of his threat because she pales visibly.  Beside her, Reilly looks confused, uncertain of the meaning of what has just passed.  When I glance at Ana and Cameron, I notice they have been able to keep the curiosity out of their expressions but I know Ana will be questioning me later.
Siobhan quickly recovers her arrogance and takes a seat on chair as far away from Dom as she can get, “You’ve made your point, Domenico.  You both may stay.  So if not Jessica’s loyalties then whose pray tell should I be questioning?”
Dom glances over at Ana and Cameron, ensuring they agree to him continuing along the line the conversation has taken.  He then turns to me for further confirmation.  I squeeze his hand to give my agreement that he should be the one to proceed with answering Siobhan’s question. 
“Someone much closer to home, Siobhan” Dom assures her.  “Let’s just say that you’ve given new meaning to the saying ‘keep your enemies closer’.” 
“Get to the point, Domenico, I need no more of your vampire double talk,” she interrupts.
“Your son was killed by your own consort, Calum Reilly,” Dom announces.
“That’s absurd,” exclaims Reilly.  “I was with Siobhan the night that Liam was murdered.  She is my alibi.  Tell them, Siobhan.”
“Please precede, Domenico, I will hear what you have to say.” Siobhan ignores Reilly’s outburst.
“He is correct, we know he was with you the night Liam was murdered.  But we also know he is the one who plotted the murder.  This afternoon, Jessica and I had a nice visit with his great-Grandmother before she tried to kill Jessica, of course,” Dom explains, keeping an eye on Reilly.  “She confessed to killing Liam on his orders.  She also told us he would be king of the fae after she killed you for him.”
“Siobhan, are you going to believe the word of this vampire, this half-breed, and his lover over me?” cries Reilly.  “We have been together for over three centuries.”
Siobhan looks from Calum to Dom and turns an inquisitive look on me.  “Tell me, Jessica, does Domenico speak the truth?  You look awfully healthy for Cailleach having tried to kill you this afternoon.”
“He has no reason to lie to you, Siobhan,” I assure her.  “I was attacked by Cailleach.  It is only with Domenico’s blood and the help of a couple of other supernatural creatures that I was able to recover my strength to come here tonight.  Calum has known for weeks that Liam was dating a lycanthrope.  He was actually calling and harassing Liam about his relationship.” 
“I knew you would not approve, Siobhan,” Calum interrupts.  “I was only warning him of the consequences on your behalf if he continued to see the girl.”
“Yet you kept it from me, Calum.  Why?” Siobhan demands softly.
“You’ve been busy, I knew I could handle it myself,” he tries to justify.
“Calum, do you think me a fool?” Siobhan inquires.  “I’ve known about your hatred of non-fae since the beginning of our relationship.  My son with a lycanthrope is not something you would stand by and accept.  In the past, you would have told me of it the minute you discovered to truth so I could put a stop to the relationship.  But not this time, this time you thought you could handle it yourself.  When in the past have I not had time for issues with my children?  Never, they always take priority over the petty day-to-day squabbles of the fae.  So, Calum, I know that Jessica and Domenico speak the truth.  And Cailleach is a big enough fool to do your dirty work for you; you are the last of her line.”
“See this is why Liam had to die,” hisses Reilly, his hatred no longer hidden but pouring off of him in waves.  “That the Queen of the Fae would believe a half-breed and a human witch over one of her own is what makes you a weak ruler.  I knew it would come to this.  First you let the faerie interbreed with humans, corrupting our pure faerie blood.  Next you allowed a witch to intercede on behalf of humans and other fae and allowed her influence to hold sway over you.  It was only a matter of time that you let half-breeds like vampires and shifters into our ranks.  When Liam started dating that were-slut, I knew you would overlook it because he is your baby.  You would have let him marry the half-breed, probably with the witch’s convincing.”
“Calum, you are a complete idiot.  You have no understanding of the state of the fae or what it means to be a ruler,” Siobhan announces imperiously.  “I let faerie interbreed, as you call it, with humans because we were becoming weak from too much inbreeding.  We needed new blood in our race if we wanted to survive with our powers fully intact into this new world of powerful supernatural creatures otherwise we would be overpowered by them.  When vampires became public, it opened the door for other supernatural creatures, powerful creatures.  That is why I announced our presence to the human world, so we would have rights just as any other supernatural creature and human, we would be protected from other creatures destroying us.  Would I have let Liam marry a lycanthrope, I cannot honestly say.  I do know that lycans are very powerful and any children he would have had with the girl would have only strengthened my line and the fae overall.”
“Cailleach!” bellows Reilly, sensing he has run out of options.  “Cailleach, I summon you.”
“I don’t think she’s coming, Calum,” I announce.  “She had to use a lot of power to blast through my shields this afternoon.  She is too weak to save you and cloak her location from the gods out hunting her.”
“Calum Reilly, you are under arrest for the murder of Liam Connolly and conspiracy to commit the murder of Siobhan Connolly,” Ana declares and reads him his rights.
Cameron moves over to handcuff him and take him into custody.
“He has committed crimes against the fae, as queen, I demand that he be released into my custody for his execution,” insists Siobhan.
“I’m sorry Siobhan but that is not how it works here,” I pronounce.  “You live in the United States; he has a right to a trial.  When you claimed asylum in this country you agreed to take on the laws of it.  Just as you want the protection that human laws afford the fae against other supernatural creatures you to must respect the laws.”
“Guards,” Siobhan calls out. 
“Siobhan, that is not a wise idea,” Dom warns.  “Let Cameron and Ana take him into police custody.  You don’t want to be kicked out of another country.  You know once the police got involved you lost any chance of retribution against Liam’s murderer.  As supernaturals our problems can only be handled internally if the humans do not get involved.”
“He’s right, Siobhan,” I insist.  “Leave it to the police now.”
“Jess, can you bind his powers?” Ana requests.  “We don’t want any incidents.”
“Sure,” I agree. 
I perform the spell and then watch as Ana and Cameron escort Reilly from the room.
“Where are they taking him?” questions Siobhan.
“Downtown to their station for processing and then he will probably be locked up in Cook County Jail for the night,” I advise.
“I think I will meet them at the station,” Siobhan announces.
“Siobhan, Jessica is under my protection now, if something happens to her, I know where to find you,” Dom cautions as we prepare to leave.  “I expect there will be no more visits from the Rat King or anyone else on your orders.”
“We understand each other, Domenico,” Siobhan swears.  “She will receive no more threats from me.”
“Thank you.” Dom takes my hand and we stroll from the room leaving Siobhan staring after us.




CHAPTER TWENTY

Once back in the Shelby on our way toward Chicago, Dom takes out his mobile to listen to his messages.  I am lost in my own thoughts.  I know this case cannot be over this simply, it was too easy.  When there is a god involved, it never is simple.  Not to mention Siobhan agreed much too quickly to letting Reilly be taken into custody.
“Are you ok to stop by Bloodlust?” Dom asks interrupting my thoughts of the case.  “Warrick left me a couple of messages; I need to go take care of a few things there.”
“No problem,” I consent.  “Thank you for coming tonight, I know this case has interrupted your normal life.”
“If it weren’t for this case, I would not be with you right now so I don’t mind the interruption,” Dom advises.  “What is troubling you, mi bruja?”
“It was too easy,” I remark, knowing he will understand my reservations.
“I agree.  Siobhan did not put up much of a fight when Ana and Cam took Reilly into custody, that is unexpected,” he voices my earlier concerns.  “And I don’t think we have not heard the last of Cailleach.  I suggest you put up your wards around our house when we get home tonight to give you a warning if any supernatural creature decides to make an appearance.”
“Good idea.  I’ll need to pick up a few things at my apartment so I can perform the spell, we can stop by on our way home from the club,” I agree.
“What will you do with the apartment?” he inquires.
“I think I will rent it to Jack, he needs to get out of his father’s house.”  I turn and smile at him, “That way you won’t be able to get rid of me very easily, since I will have no place else to go.”
“I was hoping you weren’t going to keep it to have a place to hide out from me,” he states showing his vulnerability. 
“Dom, I agreed to move in with you.  I love you; I don’t regret anything I’ve done with you.  Why would I want to hide out from you?”
“You didn’t say anything about my warning to the faerie queen; I thought you might think I was being a little presumptuous.”
“Not at all, we talked about this earlier today and you told me you wouldn’t be able to stop yourself from trying to protect me.  If she had been threatening you, I would have done the same.  Of course, I’ve never seen Siobhan pale like she was when she realized who you really are.”
“It wasn’t me that made her pale; it was the thought of my brother.  He has quite the reputation for ruthlessness.  But you will see for yourself soon enough, I want you to meet him and my parents.”
“It goes both ways you know; you will need to meet my father as well.  Actually, I am looking forward to taking this car over and introducing you to my Dad.”
“I forgot that I will have to meet your Dad, too.  Should I be worried?  You’re an only child, raised by your father, right?  Will he see me as the man who is stealing Daddy’s little girl?”
“My Dad will love you, Dom, because I love you.  His mother was a witch so he has some supernatural abilities but nothing like me.  And you know who my mother is, they had a fling and I was the result, she left me to be raised by my Dad.  When the strength of my powers became evident, she came around more but when she didn’t know how to handle them, she brought in one of my cousins with similar powers to train me.  Dad was always really understanding of my abilities.”
“And you think he will understand your relationship with a vampire?  Vampires have a pretty bad rap thanks to popular culture; he may not be so easy to convince it is all hype.”
“Dom, are you afraid to meet my Dad?”
“Hell, yes.  You’re human, you’re father is human.  I’m a vampire; won’t he take exception to that?”
“Dom, he will see how much I love you and he will be fine with you.  He had a child with a goddess; do you really think he would take exception to a vampire?”
“You can never tell.  Like I said, we have a pretty bad reputation.  But I will make every effort to be on my best behavior, I won’t even fondle you like I love to do whenever I have the chance.”
We fall into silence as we continue our drive to the Bloodlust.  In a short while, Dom pulls into the alley behind the club and parks next to the rear door.  He turns off the car, unbuckles his seat belt and turns to face me.  I look over at him, noticing his serious look and intense scrutiny.
“What is it, Dom?” I question.  “I can tell that something is bothering you.  Are you still worried about meeting my father or is there something else?”
He takes both my hands in his and continues to gaze intently at me.  His golden brown eyes appear to be searching for something in my expression.  “Jessie, are you absolutely sure this is what you want?  That I’m what you want?  I need you to be without any doubts about us and our relationship before you give up your apartment.  If you need time or anything, then keep it and work out what you need to because I want to spend the rest of your life with you and eternity if possible.  I want you to be sure of your decision.”
If I had been at all uncertain I would have been cured of it at his words.  His concern for my feelings is overwhelming.  I unhook my seatbelt, lean across the gear shift and brush my lips softly over his in a tender kiss.  
I move back slightly so I can look into his golden gaze while I reassure him of my feelings and my decision.  “Dom, I want to spend the rest of my life with you.  I have no reservations about giving up my apartment and moving into that monstrosity of a house with you.  I know you don’t want me to have regrets because we’ve only known each other a few days and I am a lot younger than you are but I don’t.  I’ve never been surer of a decision I’ve made in my life.  I love you, nothing will change that.”
He closes the distance between lowering his mouth to mine.  Our lips meet, rekindling the fire just below the surface.  He parts my lips and plunges his tongue into my mouth.  I greet him with my own, stroking it along his.  I chase his tongue with mine until I get past his lips and can lick at his fangs, as I know he loves.  I hear his growl of approval and my own moans of excitement.
“It is times like this that I really wish one of us had the power to teleport,” he sighs against my lips.  “Then we could be in my office finishing what we’ve started with none the wiser.”
“We’ll have to do some research and discover if there is some spell we can use in the future,” I joke.
He kisses me firmly on the lips one last time before he pulls away.  “The sooner we go inside, the sooner we can go home and finish what we started.”
“Promise,” I bring his fingers to my mouth and bite the tips.  
He releases a pained groan.  “Even the end of the world would not prevent me from making love to you tonight.”
We get out of the car and head to the door.  I notice there is no handle on the door and turn to look at Dom questioningly.
“It’s for security reasons, wouldn’t want any unwanted visitors coming in the back door.  I just need to let Warrick know we’re here and he’ll come open the door,” he explains.
“No need,” I reply.  “I can open it from out here.”
“You need to enter a code on the keypad.  I don’t think an unlocking spell will work, it’s the reason I use the keypad,” he warns.
“You forget, I’m not your normal witch.  I’m not going to use a spell.  Where is the keypad and what is the code?”  I request.
“Mi bruja, you couldn’t be normal if you tried.  Besides I don’t like normal, I like extraordinary and that is what you are,” he hugs me against him.  “The keypad is on the left side of the door, the code is 1522.”  
When we hear the lock release, I use my mind to open the door.
“How did you do it, mi bruja?” he asks amazement evident in his voice.
“I visualize the keypad and use my mind to press the code in,” I explain.  “I then use my power to move things with my mind to open the door.”
“Just as I thought, extraordinary,” he pulls me into his embrace and lowers his mouth to mine in a brief but heated kiss before releasing me again.  “You will always have a new way to amaze me with your powers, mi amor, won’t you?” 
“I do like to show off for you,” I admit, clasping his hand in mine as we start down the hall to his office.  “Strange, I don’t normally do that for anyone.”
“Must be my charming personality, you feel like you can show me all kinds of interesting things about you and your powers.  My personal favorite is your power to make me hard all the time so I can make love to you until we are both spent,” he jokes.
Dom pushes open the door to his office.  It is strange that we first met here only days ago and now I am returning as Dom’s mate.  Warrick is behind Dom’s desk working on some paperwork.  He looks up at our entrance.  Seeing Dom and I in the doorway, he stands up and pushes away from the desk.
“Domenico, you did not need to come in the front entrance, I would have let you in the back.  All you had to do was let me know you were here,” Warrick advises.
“We did come in the back entrance,” Dom informs him.  “Jess let us in.”
“Very impressive, Dr. Farrell,” compliments Warrick.  “I have the papers I need you to complete right here, Domenico.  It shouldn’t take long.”
Dom steps around his desk and takes a seat.  Warrick shuffles through the papers on the desktop and hands some to Dom.  I move over to take a seat in the corner, out of their way.  I pull out my mobile phone and call my voicemail at the store and at home to check my messages while Dom continues to converse with Warrick.  There is a message from Jack on my voicemail at home; he needs me to come in to cover a few hours at the store tomorrow so he can go run a few errands for his father.  I take a minute to call him back to confirm it won’t be a problem.  I tell him I will be in after seven.  He also informs me that the shipment of textbooks for one of my fall seminars has arrived and he posted the notice on the class website for my students.  Jack is indispensable to me.
Once I hang up with Jack, I sit back and just watch Dom work.  I can see how easily he falls into his role of the prosperous business owner.  He glances over at me and smiles while he continues to give Warrick further instructions.  When there is a knock at the door he calls for the person to enter without looking up from the papers in front of him.  Warrick takes up a silent stance behind him.
A beautiful, petite, curvy blonde vampire woman walks into the office.  “Domenico,” she greets him, her tone a sensual purr.  
“What are you doing here, Alexandra?” Dom demands curtly.
“Is that anyway to greet an old friend and lover?” she challenges.
“Anything we might have had ended over two hundred years ago,” he replies sarcastically.  “What happened to the Master of the City in New York, Leonardo?  I thought he was keeping you company nowadays and you were going to leave me in peace?”
“Now, Domenico, you know you shouldn’t be discussing vampire business in front of a human.”  She turns and looks pointedly at me but dismissing me immediately.  “Send your little snack away.”
“Alexandra, if you continue to insult my mate, I will ask you to leave.  Jessica stays or you leave, it is your choice,” Dom retorts.
“Your mate? A human?  What are you a lycan now, spending too much time with the werewolf family of yours?” she queries.
“Enough, I don’t need to explain myself to you,” he insists.  “Why are you here?”
“I am here with Leonardo,” she informs him.
“A Master of the City has entered my territory without notifying me.  Leonardo has overstepped his bounds.  What business does he have here?” Dom glares at her menacingly.
“I tried to contact you yesterday and again this afternoon, Domenico.  You were unreachable both times.  Leonardo had personal business here that is no concern of yours so we flew in.  I came by to inform you of our presence as a courtesy.  We will be leaving as soon as he completes his business,” she confirms.
“Any business that Leonardo has in Chicago whether personal or otherwise is of concern to me.  So why are you here?” he persists.
“Then you should make yourself more available.  But since you are so insistent and I know I will never get to leave if I don’t tell you, he is here to see a witch.  She has quite the reputation for her abilities and he needs her expertise,” Alexandra explains.  “But she too has been unavailable for the last few days, we decided to come to Chicago anyway and take the chance that we could find her once here.”
“Her name?” Dom questions her.  In my mind I hear his voice, “Do you know anything about this, mi bruja?  It can only be you they are looking for.”
“Not at all, I just spoke to Jack and he said nothing about it.  I don’t even know this woman or this Leonardo,”  I project back to him.
“Why?  It’s not like you associate with witches,” Alexandra answers brusquely, interrupting our mental conversation.
“You don’t know who I associate with anymore, Alexandra.  What is her name?” he maintains.
“Dr. Farrell, she is a college professor and owns her own business on Armitage in the city.  We tried to find her there this evening but were unsuccessful,” she reluctantly admits.
“Where is Leonardo now?” Dom shows no reaction to the mention of my name so I also keep silent.  
“He is out waiting for me at table in your club,” she cautiously acknowledges.
“Go get him.  Warrick, go with her,” Dom orders.  
“Why?” Alexandra demands.
“I know where to find this witch,” Dom replies.
Alexandra nods in understanding and then leaves the office, going to get Leonardo.  Warrick follows her out, closing the door behind him.  
“We will have a few minutes, I asked Warrick to take his time showing them back,” Dom advises.  “How do you want to play this?”
I get up from my chair across the room and move to sit on the edge of the desk next to him, looking down into those eyes I love so much.  “How much a breach of protocol was it for Leonardo to come into your territory without your permission?”
“It normally takes a month of negotiating before a Master of the City can enter another’s territory.  By showing up like this, he must need to see you desperately,” Dom admits.
“What’s the story with Alexandra?  She didn’t give me so much as a second look; she’s a master vampire, a weak one but still a master.  She should have been able to sense some supernatural energy from me,” I comment.
“She’s too shallow.  She discounts any woman she doesn’t see as a threat to her appeal to men.  I succumbed in a moment of weakness and have regretted it ever since.  She probably didn’t even notice the supernatural energy coming from you, Leonardo will not be so foolish,” he counsels.  “I’m sorry you had to come face to face with one of my ex-lovers this way.  If you don’t wish to reveal your identity tonight, I can set up a meeting for another time.”
“Don’t worry about your affair with her, I’m not.  I could see your disdain for her written all over your face, my love.  Besides, it was two hundred years ago, long before I was born,” I assure him.  “Anyway, we might as well get this meeting out of the way.  The sooner it’s over the sooner they will leave.  We have too much going on in our city to worry about another Master of the City being around.”
“What do have in mind?” he inquires.
“Alexandra’s little comment about me being your snack got me thinking.  We have a very strong advantage in this situation.  She is probably even now telling Leonardo that you have a human mate.  I’d like a chance to assess this vampire before he knows who I am.  How good is he at sensing power?” I question.
“Definitely nowhere near your abilities, he doesn’t even have my level of ability.  He is more ruthless than suave in keeping order within his vampire ranks in New York.  He rules through fear where I like to use my charm.  I know he can sense power but not to the level of the type of creature or abilities,” he clarifies.
I shift off the desk and move to sit in Dom’s lap.  “Then I think I will sit right here to play up the misconceptions that Alexandra has put in place.”
Dom nuzzles my neck, licking at my pulse.  “I think I like this plan and not just because I get to have you sitting on my lap.  You’re going to use my power to hide yours until we find out what Leonardo wants with you.”
“Exactly,” I kiss him fast and hard on the lips.  “By playing the subservient little human, I can sit here and get a read on his power and you can find out what he wants with me.  And all this will be under the veil of your power.  I only need you to forgo the cloaking you use to mask the level of your powers normally.  That way you cover my cloaked power and you give him something to think about next time he comes into your territory without an invitation.”
“Are you sure you haven’t been involved with vampire politics on a regular basis?  I swear you could teach a class at the university in it, you’re that good,” he complements.  “Should we keep Warrick in or out?”
“Out,” I reply.  “If I something goes wrong and I need to drain someone’s power, I don’t want him to know I have this ability.  He can wait right outside the door.”
“Ok,” Dom agrees.  “They are just coming through the door from the club.  I have told Warrick to show them in and wait outside.”
“Good, you go back to kissing my neck so when they come in it looks like you are taking advantage of your snack,” I order.
“You know the more I lick your neck, the more I want to lift you on my desktop, spread your thighs and lick your slick heat until you come for me,” Dom growls as I feel his erection press harder against my ass.  
“We’ll get to that later, after we take care of business,” I promise, wiggling my ass to turn him on even more.
He groans in pained arousal, “Mi bruja, why must you torture me?”
“Because I can,” I laugh, bringing my mouth to his for a hot, erotic, tongue-tangling kiss.
We both hear the door open.  Dom moves his mouth off mine and licks down my neck to where my pulse is beating rapidly with my arousal.  He grazes it with his fangs but doesn’t break the skin.  I feel him drop his shields and his power swell out into the room and around me while I keep mine in place to further cloak my identity.
“Domenico, ask your little snack to leave?  It looks like you’ve gotten your bite for the night,” orders an Italian accented voice.
“As I told Alexandra, she is my mate, she stays or you leave.  And when I say leave, I mean my club and my city and without seeing Dr. Farrell, Leonardo,” Dom looks up and glares at the vampire.
Leonardo is a short, compact but muscular Italian.  He actually looks more like a mafia hit man than a vampire.  Alexandra is now hanging onto his arm like she’s the fashion accessory needed to complete his appearance and in her own mind, I am sure she thinks she is exactly what every man needs.  
“Mmm, Domenico, you weren’t anywhere near this powerful when we were together,” Alexandra licks her lips provocatively.  “I would have never left you if you had been.”
“Reign in your hormones, Alex,” Leonardo commands her, removing her hand from his arm.  “Or I will make you wait in the hallway with Warrick.”
“Of course, Master,” she agrees bowing her head to him.  “I meant no offense to you.”
“You don’t do meek well, Alexandra,” Dom comments.  “Why don’t you both quit playing games and tell me why you are here, I already know Alexandra is a whore for power.  I wouldn’t be surprised if she has tried to seek out the Guardian and whore herself to him.  She can quit pretending subservience and you can tell me the reason for your visit.”
“I have met up with the Guardian a few times, most recently on my last trip to Europe but unfortunately, he doesn’t appear to be interested.  Not that I am giving up on him,” Alexandra admits.
“You’re wasting precious time here,” Dom interrupts.  He leans down and licks up my neck and gently bites my earlobe.  “I had other plans for the night.  If we don’t get on with our business I may just decide that I’ve given you enough of my time and return to other pursuits.”
“Dom, there is something strange about Leonardo’s power.  Do you feel it?”  I speak directly to his thoughts while he taunts the two vampires.
“Yes, he does not have the same level of power that I have sensed in the past,” Dom’s responds directly into my mind.
“I think his power is being blocked,” I explain for him alone through our mental communication.  “This has to be the reason for him wanting to find me.  Ask him about it, please.”
“Just tell me where I can find the witch,” Leonardo demands.
“She’s a friend.  I would never send someone to her without first knowing why,” Dom advises him.  
“The reasons are personal,” maintains Leonardo.
“Does it have anything to do with the fact that your level of power has decreased since the last time we met?” Dom taunts.
“And yours have increased,” Leonardo observes.  “Or you just had them very heavily cloaked during our past encounters.  If I admit my reason for needing the witch, will you tell me where to find her, no more games?”
“Yes,” Dom agrees.  “But you are the one who has been playing the games, not I, and this particular witch does not like games.  So I suggest you keep that in mind.”
“Is she as powerful as they say?” Leonardo asks.
“More,” replies Dom.  “Why do you need to see her?”
“I have been cursed by a coven of witches, I need her to remove the curse,” Leonardo confesses.  
“What happened?” queries Dom.
“I have told you the reason for needing to see the witch.  That was all we agreed on.  Now tell me where to find her,” Leonardo commands.
Dom looks down at me; I nod my assent to the question in his eyes.  
“Then it is your lucky night, Leonardo,” Dom begins.  “Dr. Jessica Farrell is my mate.”
“This human is a powerful witch,” scoffs Alexandra.
I conjure a fireball in my palm. “Please, Dom, let me just throw this at her.  It will only burn her a little bit, remember what happened when I used one on the Rat King,” I request in a teasing voice.
“Ignore her, mi bruja.  Alexandra has always been one to let her ignorance show,” Dom rejoins.
“Why the elaborate deception?” questions Leonardo.
“It wasn’t a deception.  I just didn’t introduce Jess by name.  She is my mate.  You only saw what you wanted to see and what Alexandra’s ignorance guided you to see.  For one of your lieutenants she is a weakness you can ill afford, Leonardo.  Her ego will always be a liability,” Dom counsels.  
“So, Leonardo, now that you have found me, tell me what happened to get you cursed,” I redirect the conversation back to business.
Leonardo really looks at me for the first time; I can tell he is trying to determine what he can about me and my power.  But being still cloaked in Dom’s power and his abilities being hindered, he can sense nothing. 
With a sigh of resignation he starts his explanation.  “While Alexandra was on her last three year hiatus in Europe I got involved with a witch from one of the more powerful covens in New York.  We had a hot sexual relationship going for almost a year when Alex got back.  Of course, with Alex back I no longer need the witch so I broke things off.  She didn’t take kindly to it so she and two other sisters from her coven cursed me.”
“What exactly was did they do?”  I ask.
“They took the majority of my power from me.  I can no longer read minds and adjust the memories of humans.  I cannot sense power as well as I could in the past.  I can’t communicate psychically with my vampires,” he answers.
“Are these all the abilities you had previously?”  I continue.
“What did you expect more?” he sneers.  “These are the powers that all Master vampires have, some to a greater degree than others.”
“There are other powers,” I state cryptically.  “I have seen them first hand; some Masters can use their mind to turn on and off lights or to light candles.  Some can make the air swirl around you.  I need to be sure that you have told me all your powers before I can even begin to figure out this curse.”
“No, I don’t have these other power,” he grudgingly admits. “Do you, Domenico?  Have you demonstrated your exceptional powers for your witch?”
“Yes I have both those abilities,” Dom confirms freely.  I know he only does so Leonardo can no longer underestimate his ability to project his city and me.  “But I have never demonstrated them for Jessica.  She has met other Masters who felt the need to show their supernatural abilities to her, we are more into sharing other abilities.”
“Can you undo the curse or not, Dr. Farrell?” Leonardo demands.
“Yes because they didn’t strip your powers only blocked them.  But I will only unblock them on one condition,” I state.
“What is your condition?” he inquires.
“That you not take vengeance on these witches or their coven once you have your powers back.  I want your word,” I insist.
“Before you agree, know that if you break your word, Jessica’s wrath will be far worse than those three witches’,” Dom counsels.  “And I will expect you back on your private plane to New York, within the hour.”
“Agreed,” Leonardo replies.
I reach out with my supernatural senses to find the weakness in the barrier I feel around Leonardo’s power.  The witches did a pretty good job; the barrier is strong with little weakness.  I finally find a spot that gives under my power.  I push through the barrier with my power and it cracks under the pressure, releasing Leonardo’s powers and causing my supernatural energy to roll over the room.  I notice Alexandra gasp under the pressure of my power.  Dom pulls me tight against his chest to center me again and help me regain my equilibrium after the push of magical energy.
“You have your power, now go!” orders Dom.  “Warrick will take you to the airport to make sure you are on your plane.”
Once Leonardo and Alexandra close the office door behind them, Dom adjusts me on his lap so I am straddling his body, my chest to his chest.  He pulls me tight against him.  “You should not have done that so soon after having been struck by Cailleach’s power this afternoon.  I can tell it took a lot out of you.”
“I wanted them gone, we have too much other garbage wandering our city right now, and we didn’t need those two vampires to add to the mess.”  I rest my head on his shoulder and relax into his body.
“I know, mi amor, but if you have to confront your aunt anytime soon, you will be even weaker,” he caresses my back, his fingers moving lightly up and down my spine.  “I am just worried about you.  I already know your answer but I am going to ask anyway.  Will you take power from me?”
I kiss his neck right below his chin.  “Like you said, you already know my answer.  No, you need your power too.  I’ll be ok after some loving from you and some sleep.  I have to go into my store for a few hours tomorrow night, will you come?”
“Of course, until things are resolved with Cailleach you aren’t going anywhere without me,” he assures me.
My mobile phone rings.  Dom pulls it out of the holder on my waist and checks the caller id.  “It’s Ana.”  He presses the speaker phone and answers.  
“Hi, Dom, is Jess around?”  Ana’s voice sounds urgent.
“You’re on speaker.  What’s up?” I question.
“Siobhan got a judge out of bed and got him to give Reilly a bail hearing.  She paid his bail and they released him to her,” Ana explains in a hurried voice.
“Damn, he’s probably already dead,” I state in frustration.  “Not that they’ll ever find the body or be able to prove Siobhan killed him.”
“There is going to be one pissed off goddess,” Dom comments.
“So what do we do now?”  Ana demands.
“I don’t know,” I freely admit.
“Cailleach will come after you, Jess.  We need a plan,” Dom advises.
“We need to rest and regroup,” I confess.  “Ana, you and Cam meet us at Goddess’s Daughter tomorrow night at seven.  We’ll figure out the next step then.”
“All right, we’ll see you then,” Ana agrees.
“Ana, stay with Cameron today.  It is better than neither of you are alone until Cailleach is taken care of,” Dom recommends.  “She’s most likely to go after Jess but we need to cover all bases.”
“No problem, see you guys tomorrow.  And be careful,” Ana disconnects.
Dom stands up with me still wrapped around his body.  “Come on Jessie, let’s go home.  It has been a very long day.”




CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

We arrive home after a quick stop at my apartment.  I immediately go about setting my ward around the house.  They will protect the house from unwanted intruders. The wards will either prevent their entry without an invitation or forewarn me if they are breached by something supernatural.  
Once the wards are in place, Dom cajoles me into taking a hot bath with him to relax me.  
I am quickly immersed in hot water and wrapped Dom’s comforting embrace.  I lean my back against his chest and rest my head on his shoulder, allowing all the tension of the day drain out of me. 
“Are feeling better now, mi amor?” Dom strokes fingers under my breasts lazily.
“Much, thank you, baby,” I assure him, letting my eyes drift closed.
My mind drifts and I feel my body become languid against Dom.  I give myself over to him totally letting him worry about supporting me in the water.  I’ve never felt so trusting and as cherished as I do lounging in Dom’s arms at this moment.  I realize that I could never love or trust another man the way I do him.
Not opening my eyes, I tilt my mouth toward his neck and place a soft kiss there.  He has offered me so much of himself and I am amazed at how quickly I have come to find this man indispensable to my very existence. 
“Domenico, will you marry me?” I ask him softly.
I feel his body tense against mine in surprise at my words.  I slowly turn so I can look up into his expression.  I see shock but also joy in his golden-brown eyes.
“Being mated means we are married.  I don’t need other words spoken over us to feel joined to you for eternity,” he assures me.
“I know that but if you don’t mind it, I would like a ceremony that will show to the rest of the world that we are mated, married, soul-mates, whatever you want to call it,” I explain.  “I love you and want to be yours for always.  I want everyone to know that we belong to each other.  We live in the human world; we should have a human ceremony too.”
“I don’t need convincing, mi amor,” he insists.  “I would love nothing better than marrying you under the laws of the human world.”
“It doesn’t need to be some big church wedding,” I rush to clarify.  “I just thought maybe Ana and Cameron, maybe my Dad at City Hall.”
“Maybe something so your Dad doesn’t think you will always be living in sin with the Master of the City,” he teases.  
“Maybe, what can I say, I went to Catholic school.  My Dad managed to raise me with some morals despite who and what my Mother is and how their relationship was,” I laugh at my own quirks.
“Marrying you would be an honor, mi bruja,” he swears.  
“Thank you, Dom,” I turn in his embrace so I am straddling his waist and press my mouth to his for a heated kiss expressing all my love for him.
He stands up in the tub with me wrapped around his body.  He uses his foot to open the drain and let out the water.  He steps out of the tub and sets me on my feet.  Grabbing a towel, he uses it to gently dry me off and then himself.  He picks me back up, this time cradling me against his chest and carries me into the bedroom, our bedroom, placing me in the center of the bed and following me down onto the mattress.
I love the delicious feel of hot golden skin against mine, pressing me into the mattress.  I’m already hot and wet between my thighs, wanting to feel in inside me, filling me completely.  Instead, he raises himself up on his elbows, keeping our lower bodies pressed together and just looks in my eyes.
“I will be forever indebted to the Fates for bringing you to me, Jessica,” he pledges lowering his mouth to mine to capture my lips in a soul-searing kiss.
The kiss quickly turns heated, passion overcoming tenderness.  Our tongues reach out to tangle and dance, firing our bodies more.  The intensity of the feelings between us is making the arousal more acute.  We can’t seem to get enough of each other.  I feel the smooth head of his cock rubbing against my clitoris and lift my hips trying to guide him into my core.  
Dom pulls back, “No need to rush, mi bruja.  I want to take my time with you.
“I need you now, baby.  Please,” I beg unashamedly.  
He rolls over onto his side to lay next me.  I groan almost in pain at the loss of his body against mine.  But then, he strokes his fingers lightly over my breasts, plucking at my already erect nipples, making me groan in arousal instead.
“You are so beautiful, mi amor,” he leans over and sucks my right nipple into his mouth, laving it with his tongue and then suckling before moving onto the left nipple and giving it the same attention.
I reach over to try to wrap my arms around him and pull him on top of me again.  He grasps both my wrists in his left hand and pulls them over my head, holding them in place.  That accomplished he goes back to worshipping my breasts with his mouth, sucking my entire right breast into his mouth, causing me to arch off the bed sobbing with need.
“It’s ok, mi bruja,” he strokes down my body in a slow circular motion with his right hand still holding my wrists capture above my head with his left.  “Let me love you until you are screaming out for me.”
He fondles the curls at the apex of my thigh but doesn’t move his fingers any lower to where I am burning for his touch.   He moves to my left breast and again sucks the entire thing into his mouth.  I can feel his fangs against my sensitive flesh and writhe and moan in encouragement.
“Is this what you want?” he growls, his arousal evident in his voice.  He then trails a finger down through my slick folds, parts them and draws his finger over my hard and swollen clit.  
“Please, Dom,” I beseech so close to orgasm that I can’t even control the moment of my own body as I arch against fingers and thrust my thighs off the bed.
He sinks two fingers into me, withdrawing and then pushing them back in, all the while stroking my shivering pleasure nub.  I feel my body straining for completion, clutching at his fingers every time he starts to withdrawn them. 
He kisses a trail between my breasts and up my neck to my mouth.  Taking my lips and kissing me with so much fire I feel like I’m being consumed from both the inside and the outside.  His fingers continue to work their magic but when he sense I am about to climax, he slows his ministrations, leaving me unfulfilled.
He kisses his way back down my throat to my breast laving each nipple with his tongue before continuing to kiss his way down my body, finally releasing my hands.  But I am past the point of really noticing and keep them extended over my head.  I feel his tongue lick the inside of my belly button before he continues to kiss his way down. 
He pushes my thighs further apart and settles himself between them still stroking me with his fingers.  “Beautiful, and all mine,” he murmurs as I feel his silky black hair brush my inner thighs and the heat of his breath on my sensitive folds.
His fingers continue to plunge slowing in and out of my body but his thumb no longer is stroking my clit.  He quickly flicks his tongue over it instead.  My body bows off the bed at the blissful torture being enacted on my body by his mouth and fingers.
Finally he sucks my hard little clitoris into his mouth and my body feels like it bursts into a million pieces.  I sob out my release, feeling tears trailing down my cheeks.
Dom moves back up my body.  He settles himself on top of me, the head of his rock hard cock rubbing my still shivering and now extremely wet folds.  He licks the tears from my face.
“Open your beautiful blue eyes and look at me, mi amor,” he orders gently. 
I open my eyes to find Dom’s dazed eyes almost gold with his arousal, he leans down and kisses my lips gently and then driving his engorged shaft into me to the hilt.  I wrap my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck, my eyes never leaving his.  He slides is cock out of me so only the tip is still imbedded and then thrusts back in all the way.  
He can’t keep his slow and steady pace for long and I see a predatory gleam come into his golden brown eyes.  He quickens the pace of his thrusts.  I feel the pleasurable pressure building in my body again, Dom driving me to another orgasm with fast and deep thrusts.  I arch my hips off the bed in time with his thrusts, heightening the gratification for both of us.
I scream out with the intensity of my orgasm.  As my internal walls clench around Dom, he drives into me with one last furious thrust and shouts out in triumph with his release, collapsing on top of me.  We both lay spent, gasping for breath.
After a few minutes, Dom rolls onto his back, pulling me to nestle against his side.  I rest my head on his shoulder, placing a kiss on his chest as I snuggle closer.  
“Are you ok, mi bruja?  I was a little rough,” Dom strokes his fingers along my back soothingly.  
“Never better, my love,” I assure him.  “I like that you can make me and yourself lose control.”
He pulls me to sprawl across his chest, “How are you really feeling after all of our excitement in the last twenty-four hours?”
I stack my hands on his chest and rest my chin on them.  “Actually my powers feels charged after our mutual gratification of a few minutes ago.”
“I have heard that some witches use sex magic,” Dom teases.
“It’s entirely possible. I’ve studied the theory but nothing has ever been proven,” I admit with all seriousness.
“You are hardly the normal witch trying to use that type of magic,” Dom remarks.  “Normal theory does not apply to you.”
“And you are hardly the normal human partner or even human witch that a normal witch would try it with,” I taunt.  “Maybe based on your power and my ability to draw power, we have found a new way to charge my magical energy without having to actually drain yours or another supernatural creature’s powers.”
“You can feel free to experiment on me any time you want, mi amor,” Dom volunteers.  “I really like to hear you beg.”
I pinch his nipple hard in payback for his reminder of my desperation.  Instead of a yelp of pain, he lets out a moan of appreciation.  At unexpected reaction, I pinch his other nipple for good measure.
“You can make me beg later, mi bruja,” he grins.  “I’m actually a little hungry; we haven’t eaten since dinner last night.  Think we can find something to eat if we go raid Maria’s kitchen?”
“Since you helped me work up an appetite, I could eat.  I’m sure we’ll find something in that monstrosity of a kitchen,” I crawl off Dom and move to the edge of the bed.  “There is nothing small about this house, is there?”
“I like my luxuries,” he divulges, climbing off the bed and going into his closet.  “When you have lived through the different eras that I have, you appreciate modern conveniences.”  He comes back out with a black terrycloth robe and hands it me.  “You can wear my robe.  I’ll just throw on a pair of boxers.”
We make our way down to the kitchen and rattle around the kitchen until we decide to make scrambled eggs and bacon.  Dom volunteers to cook for me and tells me to sit at the kitchen island while he goes to work.  I am surprised at all the different sides to my lover.  I never expected him to cook me breakfast. 
Once he is finished cooking, he sets two plates loaded with eggs and bacon and two glasses of orange juice down and takes the seat next to me at the island.  He watches me dig in, waiting for my reaction.
“Pretty good, who would have thought,” I tease.  I lean over and kiss him fast and hard on the mouth.  “I love that you can surprise me, baby.”
“I’m full of surprise,” Dom boasts. 
We eat in companionable silence.  Once we have both cleared our plates, I clean up and load our dishes into the dishwasher and sit back down next to Dom.
“Jess, now that Reilly is dead, what do you think Cailleach will do?”  Dom questions, voicing what has been in the back of both our minds since Ana called us about Siobhan getting Reilly released on bail to her.
“Honestly Dom, I think she will come after me,” I admit.  “After yesterday afternoon, I know she will blame me.”
“What are we going to do?” he asks pulling me off my stool and into his lap. 
“I think we may need to contact some of the old gods that are hunting her,” I reply.  “I don’t think I can take her on myself, even with you as backup.  This is Ana’s and Cameron’s case, which is why I want to discuss options with them tonight.”
“Will you contact your mother?” he inquires.
“I just don’t know,” I hug him close and rest my head on his shoulder, sighing in exhaustion.  “I think I would rather contact someone else.”
“Whatever will be easiest for you, mi bruja,” Dom picks me up in his embrace.  “We’re both exhausted, let’s go to bed.”
“I can walk, you don’t need to carry me, baby,” I try to pull out of his embrace.
“Jessie, let me pamper you.  I like being able to sweep you up like this,” he starts out of the kitchen once I have relaxed again in his embrace.
Once we reach our bedroom, he sets me on my feet next to the bed.  I pull back the blankets and crawl in.  Dom turns off the light and joins me, fitting me to spoon against him, wrapping his arms around me.
“Sleep, Jessie,” he kisses my ear and settles down to do the same.
“I love you, Domenico,” I whisper.
“I love you too, Jessie,” he states sleepily.




CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

We are awoken late in the afternoon by the phone beside the bed ringing.  Dom pulls me to sprawl across him as he leans over to press the button for the speaker phone.  I settle against his chest, relaxing into him.
“Dom, Detective Fuentes in on the phone for Jessica,” Rafael advises over the speaker.
“Put her through,” I direct.
Within seconds the phone rings a second time.  I remained sprawled across Dom while he presses the button for the speaker phone.  
“Hi, Ana,” I greet her.
“Jess, sorry to wake you, but I figured you would want to hear this right away,” Ana apologizes.  “The D.A. went to the faerie queen’s house to talk to Calum Reilly.  Siobhan advised him that Reilly has fled the country.  The faerie queen claims she tried to stop him but he wouldn’t be reasonable.”
“He’s dead,” Dom interrupts, giving voice to my exact thoughts.  “She’s just covering her tracks.”
“Mine and Cameron’s thoughts too,” Ana agrees.  “Reilly’s disappearance is only part of the problem.  Have you guys turned on the TV or glanced outside yet?”
“No, why?” I inquire.
“Shortly after five this morning, a heavy fog settled over the city,” Ana lets us know.  “The news claims there is no meteorological explanation for it.  It is so thick, all air traffic to or from and even around Chicago has been cancelled or re-routed.”
“This is Cailleach’s doing,” I warn.  “She knows Calum Reilly is dead.  She will start wreaking havoc in the city soon, if she hasn’t already.  You need to put the police on alert and make sure they don’t confront her.  And call your brother; he needs to make sure that Isabelle is well protected.”
“Will do,” Ana confirms.  “Is there any way to stop her?”
“That is what we will need to try to figure out this evening,” I reply.  “I’ll expect you and Cameron at Goddess’s Daughter at seven.  We can discuss what our next move will be then.”
“Ok, you guys be careful,” Ana rejoins.  “We’ll see you tonight.”
“See you tonight,” I press the button on the phone to disconnect.
Dom rolls over so I am pinned underneath him, “Cailleach will come for you.”
“I know,” I push a stray lock of black hair away from his face, noting his fierce expression.  “We will figure out what to do.”
“I won’t let her hurt you,” Dom vows.  “You should take power from me now to strengthen your own.”
“No, power won’t matter and I won’t leave you weak and exposed,” I retort.  “She’s a goddess.  Attacking her with power won’t work, as we have already seen.  We need to think of something else.”
“What else can we do?” questions Dom.  “What about the other gods?  Will they help us?”
“She has managed to keep herself hidden from them this long; I think she must be able to sense their presence.  If she sensed them near, she will only wreak her havoc elsewhere,” I explain.  “I can’t have that I don’t want to think about anyone else having to deal with Cailleach’s wrath besides us.”
“I wouldn’t mind if she paid a visit to the faerie queen,” Dom remarks.
“Ok, I can’t disagree with you there,” I laugh.  “There must be something we can do though.  I need to get up and do some research.”
Dom keeps me pinned beneath him, “No, you will rest some more.  There will be time for research tonight and you will also have three more pairs of eyes to assist you.”
“All right,” I agree.  “But don’t think I will always be so amendable.”
Dom rolls over onto his side and pulls me so I am pressed against him, my head cushioned on his should, his arms wrapped around me so I M cocooned by his body.  “I would never consider you amendable.  Obstinacy is youR very nature and I wouldn’t want you any other way.”
By nine that night, we are still without a plan even though Ana, Cameron, Domenico and I have been pouring over my books on Celtic mythology and history for the past two hours looking for any mention of Cailleach’s weaknesses.  Business at Goddess’s Daughter has been slow so I had few interruptions to my research, the strange weather must be keeping customers away.  When the bell over the door sounds signally the arrival of a customer, I look up from the book I am scanning expectantly only to gasp in surprise at who has walked through the door.
Hearing my gasp, Dom turns to see who the visitor is.  Not recognizing the woman strolling toward us he turns his curious golden brown eyes on me anxiously.  “Do you know that woman?” he inquires softly.
I continue to watch the tall, beautiful, blonde woman approach us.  “Yes, she is my mother,” I whisper.
Ana overhears us and turns to looks over her shoulder at the woman, “Your mother but I thought you haven’t spoken to her since you were eighteen?”
“She is your mother,” Cam adds unable to keep the astonishment from his voice.  “But that is Maeve, the Celtic Goddess.”
“Yes, it is,” Dom confirms taking my hand in his and pulling me to my feet as he stands to greet her.
“We really need to have a long talk when this is all over about best friends keeping secrets,” I hear Ana mumble under her breath as Dom almost drags me forward to meet my mother.
“Jessica, my dear, it has been a long time,” Maeve stops in front of Dom and I.  “I take it this is your new lover that I have heard so much about.”
“Mother,” I acknowledge her and introduce Dom.  “This is Domenico, my mate and fiancé.”
“Only you, daughter, would think great sex means that you need to get married.  But at least you have chosen a powerful man, a master vampire and not just any master but the Master of the City,” comments Maeve.
“I would hope your purpose in visiting isn’t to insult Jessica,” Dom interrupts frostily.  “If it is, you can turn around and leave now.”
“Already protective of her, vampire,” Maeve chuckles.  “You’ll do.”
“Mother, just tell us why you have chosen now to visit when we have so many other issues to deal with,” I suggest sarcastically.
“So rude, didn’t your father teach you better than that,” Maeve glides past Dom and I making her way to the table where Ana and Cameron are sitting.  “Introduce me to your friends.”
“Ana Fuentes, Cameron Roarke, meet Maeve, my mother,” I make the introductions.
“A pleasure,” Maeve grins at Cameron seductively.
Ana places her hand on Cam’s arm possessively. “It’s nice to meet Jess’s mother after all these years but we are a little busy.  Since it is your sister wreaking havoc in my city, maybe you would like to enlighten us as to why you are paying a visit to your daughter at this particular time.”
“I see now why you are Jessica’s best friend, so much in common,” Maeve remarks acerbically as she takes the seat I vacated upon her arrival at the table with Ana and Cam uninvited.  “Jessica, Domenico, please have a seat.”
Dom and I make our way back over to the table.  Before I can pull over another chair, Dom sits down and pulls me into his lap holding me against his chest protectively.  
“Aren’t you two adorable,” Maeve smirks slyly.
“Mother, please, can you just get to the point, once,” I demand resignedly.
“You’re always in a hurry, Jessica,” Maeve comments.  “I would think your vampire would have taught you the value of enjoying each moment.  But if you insist.”
“I insist,” I assure her.
“Fine,” she looks around the table meet each of our eyes before continuing.  “The gods have been watching all of you.  We know that you have caught Calum Reilly and that you know about his relationship to Cailleach.  We also know that Siobhan killed Reilly this morning and Cailleach is infuriated.  She blames you specifically, Jessica.  After your conversation yesterday, she knows that you are behind his arrest and Siobhan finding out his plan and her killing him.”
“We had already figure out that much on our own,” Dom states.  “The only thing we haven’t figured out is how to stop Cailleach.”
“We know that the gods cannot capture her,” I continue.  “The minute she senses the presence of any of you she would disappear again.  I am sure that you have figured that much out on your own so what plan have the gods come up with?”
“A few suggested we sacrifice you to keep Cailleach distracted so we could capture her ourselves,” replies Maeve.  “I, of course, shot that idea down.  We may have our differences but you are still my daughter.  Morrigan, Artemis, Camulus, Ares, and I have come up with another plan.”
“Don’t keep us in suspense,” Ana inserts derisively.
“No need to take that attitude with me, Miss Fuentes.  If I really wanted your vampire, I would have him,” warns Maeve.
Cam brings Ana’s fingers to his lips to give them a reassuring kiss.  “Maeve, don’t be so optimistic, I only want one woman.  I’ve waited over a year for Ana to come around, I won’t be screwing it up by flirting with you so don’t bait my partner.”
“Mother, please stop with the games,” I advise.
“But it is so much fun,” Maeve insists.
“Enough, Maeve,” orders Dom.  “Tell us the plan we don’t have time to waste.”
“Since I agree that time is of the essence, I will get back to the matter at hand,” Maeve resumes.  “The five of us have come up with a plan to trap Cailleach until she can regain her senses, maybe a hundred years or so.  Anyway, we have gotten Hades to give us a room in Erebus that he uses to seal Greek deities in when they go temporarily insane.  We just need send Cailleach into that room and she will be contained until we decide she is sane enough to be released.”
“A good plan but how will you get near enough to her to send her to that room?” inquires Dom.
“That is where my daughter will come into play,” replies Maeve.  “Since Cailleach wants vengeance against Jessica, she will come when summoned by her.”
“If I summon her, yes she will come but if she senses any of you around, she will only disappear again,” I explain.
“We have figured out a way around that,” clarifies Maeve.  “You will be the one to trap her in the room in Erebus.”
“How will I do that?” I question.
“Artemis and Morrigan have written a spell for you to perform that will send her to the room,” expounds Maeve.
“There is only one problem with that plan,” Dom interjects.  “Cailleach wants to kill Jessica and if she tries to perform a spell, Cailleach will attack her before she can finish it.  Even if Cameron and I can keep Cailleach busy and distracted, we can only do that for so long.  We may be semi-immortal compared to humans but even we can be killed by someone like her.”
“Despite the differences that Jessica and I have had over the years, I do not want to see my sister kill her,” assures Maeve.  “There is only one way Jessica will have the time needed to complete the spell even if she wards herself.”
“And what way is that?” I ask hesitantly.
“You will have to take back the immortality that you renounced at eighteen to live the life of a human,” answers Maeve.  “But before you agree, know that if I restore your immortality now; I will not be able to take it back again.  You will have to give up your finite mortal life and go back to being a demi-goddess in every sense.  You will only be able to be killed by decapitation; otherwise you will live until the end of the world.  Of course you now have an immortal lover so the decision shouldn’t be that difficult.  But then if things don’t work out between the two of you, Jessica, I will not be able to make you mortal again.”
“I need a minute,” I pull out of Dom’s embrace, stand up, and move away from the table toward the small kitchen off the café.  
I step into the kitchen and busy myself making coffee and putting together a plate of pastries for everyone to snack on.  It gives me something to do while I consider the ramifications of the decision I have to make regarding my mortality.  Even though Domenico and I are mated, I can’t help but think that forever is a long time for us to be together.  The what ifs that forever entails.  What if we don’t work out?  What if our love so quickly kindled just a quickly dissipates?  He and I had discussed forever but I never thought I would have to make the decision so soon.   Ever tuned to my mate, I sense Dom enter the kitchen though my back is to the doorway.
He steps up behind me, wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me back against his chest.  “You know what I want you to do.  I’ve made it clear the last couple of days that I want to spend eternity with you, mi bruja.  So the question is, do you trust our love and know it can withstand eternity or do you stick to a finite time with me?  Either way, I will love you for eternity.  We will have our differences and our fights, but we will also have each other.  I won’t stop loving you ever, Jessie, I give you my word.  Will you stop loving me?”
“Right now I can honestly tell you no.  But how will we feel ten years from now or a hundred years from now?” I voice my fears.
“We will just have to keep finding ways to keep our relationship interesting.  A hundred years from now, I will love you probably more than I love you now.  Think of all we will have learned about each other and the world, that alone will keep our love new,” Dom reassures me.
I turn in his embrace so I can look into those golden brown eyes that I find so entrancing.  Instead of masking his emotions as he does with others, he lets his eyes show me all the love he has for me.  I am humbled by that love; I don’t know now how I could doubt our love.
“You know, my head always tries to get in the way of my heart,” I justify.  “I have never let myself follow my heart until you, my love.  From the beginning I have let me heart rule my head with you.  I want to spend eternity with you, Domenico.  I can think of nobody else I would want to spend it with as much as I want to spend it with you.”
I pull his head down to mine until our lips meet, sealing our love for eternity with a soul searing kiss.  My decision made, we return to the others with the coffee and pastries.  Back at the table we resume our seats.  Dom, the chair, and me, I’m cuddled into his arms on his lap.  
I turn to my mother, meeting her expectant gaze. “All right, Mother, I agree to the terms.  I will return to being immortal and cannot renounce it again.  I will also perform the spell to send Cailleach into captivity.”
“Thank you, daughter, I know that was not an easy decision for you.”  Maeve hands me a piece of parchment, “That is the spell.  Your immortality has already been returned to you.  Morrigan, Artemis, Ares, Camulus and I will not be far just not where Cailleach can sense us.  You will still need to shield yourself in her presence so you have time to say the spell.  If she blasts you with her magic again, she won’t kill you like she almost did last time but she can still knock you unconscious.”
“I’ll remember,” I assure her as I unroll the parchment and look over the spell, quickly memorizing it.
“Domenico, I want your word, if Jessica gets into any trouble during this confrontation that you will summon me, Morrigan and Camulus.  You are her mate; your summons should be heard on our plane as well as hers,” Maeve demands.  “But to be sure, Jessica, let him take blood from you now that you are immortal, that will strength his bond with our line.”
“You have my word,” states Dom.
“Jessica, since there is nothing for me to do in this plan, why don’t you take magic from me,” volunteers Cameron.  
“He’s right,” insists Ana.  “Cameron and I will only be a hindrance in this confrontation, we will stay here.  You should take magic from him so you have the added power.”
“If it were possible, I would allow you to take magic from me,” adds Maeve.  “You have good and generous friends, Jessica.  Don’t refuse their support.”
“Thanks,” I smile appreciatively at both Ana and Cameron.  “I can use all the magical energy I can get.”  
I siphon off some of Cameron’s supernatural energy and immediately feel the boost in my own powers, like little sparks throughout my body.  “Domenico my love, now is the time for you to take blood as well,” I speak into his thoughts.  
“Are you sure you want me to do this with an audience?  You know how much of a turn on it is for both of us,” he jokes, sending his words directly into my mind.
“From the wrist, not the neck,” I clarify, laughing into his thoughts.  “We will save the neck for later.”
“You know I prefer that beautiful neck of yours,” he stands causing me to stand as well.  “Excuse us,” he states aloud to the others, pulling me back into the kitchen.
Once we are in the privacy of the kitchen, he presses me against his body while his mouth trails kisses from ear down my neck to where pulse beats rapidly just under the skin.  He sucks on my skin at that point, every once in a while using his tongue to lick over the area causing my pulse to beat harder as my desire for him builds.  He presses his erection against my core through our clothes as he sinks his fangs into my neck, my arousal distracting me from the pain.  I pull power from him as he drinks from me, causing our need to build.  I feel my body quickly tensing with my orgasm from the sensation of the power exchange and allow myself to slide over the cliff into sexual fulfillment.  Feeling my orgasm, Dom pulls back from my neck preventing him following me over that cliff. 
He licks his tongue over the bite to heal it.  “That is why we needed privacy.”
“That didn’t happen when you drank from my wrist at Javier’s restaurant,” I remind him.
“You weren’t taking power from me at the same time I was drinking from you then,” Dom explains.  “I don’t like to be the cause of any pain for you, like I did when I drank from your wrist.  I prefer to make it pleasurable for you.”
“You could have used that psychic trick that you told Cam to use with Ana where I let you into my mind so I can share in your pleasure,” I remark.
“When I take blood from you, it is always sexual, the result would have been the same,” Dom assures me, pressing his still erect penis against me again to prove his point.  “That is why I wanted privacy.”
“But I am the only one who got to come,” I tease.
“You can make it up to me tonight,” he replies, leaning down to place a gentle kiss on my lips.
“If you two are done having sex in there, we should probably put this plan into action.  It is getting late,” Maeve’s voice calls from the café.
I step away from Dom so I am no longer pressed against the hard planes of his body.  I then take his hand in mine and lead him back into the main store to rejoin the others.
“Mother, please, you always have sex on the brain,” I admonish her upon on our return.
Maeve’s eyes us up and down, pausing to linger a short time at one particular area on Domenico.
Noticing her intent stare, I try to draw her attention back to me, “Mother, you said we needed to put this plan into action.”
“You are definitely my daughter,” she meets my eyes, her smug expression clear as to her thoughts on why I am so much like her.  “But alas, I do need to be going.”
“Oh, too bad,” I feign sadness. “We appreciate your assistance, Mother, but don’t think this makes us best friends.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it, Jessica.  You may have a delightful specimen of the male species showing you have my taste in men but you and I are too different to get along on a regular basis,” she declares.  “You should confront Cailleach somewhere out in the open away from where there might be a lot of people.”
“I will,” I reassure her.
“Remember your promise, Domenico,” she orders and then disappears from her chair.
“Anything else I should know about you that you’ve kept from me, Jess?” Ana asks casually.
“Just that I expect you to be my maid of honor when Dom marries me in the next couple of week,” I try to make the situation a little light-hearted knowing I hurt Ana’s feeling by keeping my mother’s identity a secret from her. 
“You know I will be,” Ana states, reassuring me that she still considers our friendship important.  “I can’t say I agree with your decision to not tell me about Maeve but I can understand your reluctance to tell anyone.  Please be careful tonight, I want to be able to yell at you later for keeping that from me.”
I move around the table to where Ana is sitting and pull her into a hug.  “I will,” I promise.  “I wouldn’t want to cheat you out of your chance to bitch me out.”




CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Dom and I drive out to Montrose Harbor where there is a park right on the lakefront.  Since it is October most of the boats in the harbor have been pulled out for the winter and due to the weather, the park is deserted.  It will give use the space and privacy we require for this confrontation.  
The gates of the park are closed but I use my powers to open them.  As Dom pulls through the gates of the park, I notice the fog has cast eerie shadows over everything making even the trees looks like supernatural creatures ready to attack.  I just hope they are on our side.  
We pull into a parking spot in an empty lot far from the civilization right across Lakeshore Drive.  Only an open expanse of dried grass and the rocks at the water’s edge separate us from Lake Michigan.  The lake is all but invisible in the stygian darkness; the only evidence of its existence is the sound of the waves pounding the rocks as we exit the car.  From the crash of those waves, it seems like a storm is brewing over the lake ready to pound the city.  Unfortunately, my supernatural senses tell me it is a storm of magical making.  Cailleach wreaking her havoc on our city.
Dom comes around the car to where I am standing next to the passenger side door just absorbing my surroundings.  Understanding my need for a moment to collect myself, he just takes my hand in his to show his unwavering support.  
“I guess I am as ready as I am going to get,” I finally state, my voice seeming more muted than normal as if the fog is muffling it.
“This will work,” Dom reassures me.  “The gods would never have asked this of you if they weren’t sure of your success.”
I lead the way out onto the grassy tract in front of us.  Once I am in the center of the area, I stop and look around, reaching out with my supernatural senses to determine if we are still alone.
“I sense nobody else around human or supernatural.  How about you?” I question.
“Nobody,” Dom agrees.  “But I do sense the power of that storm over the lake.  It is Cailleach, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” I confirm.  “I guess I should summon her.”
I trace wards on Domenico, first at his head, then his heart to protect him.  I then do the same to myself.  Once the wards are in place, I pull my power up around us to build my shields.  I continue to clasp his hand in mine, drawing strength and calmness from this simple contact with him.  For a second I wonder if that is part of being mated but I quickly draw my mind back to the matter at hand and put away those thoughts for another time.
“Cailleach, I, Jessica Farrell, summon you to human form,” my voice echoes in the fog, my blood and my magic infusing the words with power as I repeat the litany three times alternating between English and Ancient Celt.
With a crack of thunder and a flash of lightning not out over the lake, Cailleach appear before us.  “Such foolishness, niece, you summon me when you must know I want to kill you.”
“Aunt Cailleach, I have summoned you to express my condolences and apologize for being unable to keep the faerie queen’s wrath from Calum,” I announce trying to end this peaceably.
“If you hadn’t revealed his plans to that bitch in the first place it would never have happened,” retorts Cailleach.  “You caused his death as surely as if you had killed him yourself.”
“So much for trying to reason with her,” I hear Dom’s voice in my head.
“I had to try,” I insist, speaking into his thoughts.  At the same time I try to defend myself to my aunt, “I did apologize for my unintentional role in his death.  I did warn you that I would see Calum brought to justice, Aunt.”
“And I told you Calum was the last of my line and did not answer to the justice of the human world,” she snaps.
“He lived in this world, last of your line of not.  He had to answer for his crimes.  Liam Connolly did nothing to deserve Calum’s murder of him, a murder committed for the entire human world to see,” I uphold.
“I committed the murder, not Calum,” she insists.  “I don’t see you trying to bring me before your human courts and apply your human laws to me.  Calum wasn’t human, why should he have been subject to those laws.”
“You are a goddess, Aunt.  If I thought I could get you to answer to human laws, I would gladly allow you to be tried for the crimes that Calum had you commit for him.  But being a goddess, I know you do not hold stock in human laws,” I maintain.  “But even now, the laws of the gods that you should be following have been violated.”
“Laws of the gods,” she scoffs.  “There is no such thing.”
“There may not be actual laws but I know there are rules,” I persist.  “Even now the gods and goddesses are hunting you.  I heard the Aztec, the Norse, the Celtic, and the Greco-Roman gods are looking for you.  If you broke no rules, why would they be hunting you?”
Thunder roars and lightning explodes closer this time, I can tell her anger is building with my words causing the storm to strengthen.  I try to keep her attention on the conversation but keep her power diverted to keeping the storm brewing over the lake, lessening the power of any attack she would make against Dom and me.
“My brothers and sisters and our god and goddess cousins from other Pantheons don’t understand what it means to see only one child left in your line and knowing that if that child has no children your line will cease to exist with him,” Cailleach cries.  “We are no longer worshipped by humans; so now our power is derived from our descendents instead of through our worship.  Now with my only descendent gone, murdered, so my power will go with him.”
“Morrigan and my mother manage to have children still; I have half-brothers and sisters younger than me.  How is it that you do not?” I question.
“I am Cailleach, bringer of plagues and death, no human will lie with me, even the fae deny me now.  It used to be an honor to lie with a goddess but Siobhan has so warped faerie that they no longer believe that,” she replies angrily.  “Calum was mine and now that you have killed him, I will destroy the city you love and kill you.”
“I think she is done talking, you better ready the spell,” Dom thinks at me.
“She definitely isn’t willing to forgive and forget,” I think back at him.  “Try to keep her talking while I try to say the spell quietly.  Maybe she won’t notice what I am doing.”
“It’s worth a shot,” he comments into my mind.  “Try to concentrate on the spell to make it stronger since you can’t speak it above a whisper, if I squeeze your hand it means my conversation isn’t keep her occupied.  At that point, feel free to speak the spell as loud as you need to.”
“I won’t start the spell until I think you haveher  pulled into conversation,” I promise him in his thoughts.
“Don’t be so hasty, Cailleach,” Dom interjects.  “Destroying the city and killing Jessica won’t accomplish anything.  Besides I have never heard of a god or goddess losing power because they have no children.  Not to mention that there are still those humans that would be honored to have sex with a goddess, even a goddess of your nature.”
“Vampire, don’t address me unless I address you first,” Cailleach orders disdainfully.  “You are a lesser being, a hybrid of human and gods only know what.  You belong to the same category as those weres that my Calum detested.”
“Guess your distraction isn’t going to work,” I state into Dom’s thoughts.  “I might as well go full out with the spell.”
“I’ll be ready to summon your mother and her siblings if it doesn’t,” Dom assures me through my thoughts.
“Aunt Cailleach, will you please turn yourself over to the other gods?” I try one last time to reach her.  “I am sure they can find a way to help you keep your power. There must be a god somewhere maybe not in the Celtic pantheon but one of the others that has faced the same problem.”
“Never,” snarls Cailleach.  “I will have my revenge before my power is gone forever.”
“Don’t say I didn’t offer,” I state resignedly.  I then speak the words of the spell to banish Cailleach to Erebos.
In thy grief and in thy fury, I banish thee.
Darkness you have wrought,
To darkness you will be brought.
“I should have suspected you would conspire with my brethren, you with your self-righteous attitude, Niece.  You who keeps company with abominations like that vampire,” Cailleach rages as I perform the spell.
In thy anguish and in thy rage, I bind thee.
This will of the gods be maintained,
In Erebos you will be detained.
Just before she disappears, I hear her cry out one last time.  “For you Calum!”   
She uses her magic to make the sky rolls with thunder directly overhead and lightning strike the ground around Dom and me making it sizzle.  Finally, there is one last roar of thunder that shakes the earth, Cailleach is gone.  I see a huge spark of lightning stream across the sky before all goes black.




EPILOGUE

I wake up under a pile of blankets and wrapped in Domenico’s arms.  I open my eyes and look around; I am in our bedroom at home.  I am still a little dazed as I try to clear my mind and figure out how I got home.
“So you’re finally awake, Sleeping Beauty?” Dom remarks in a soft rumble against my ear.
“The last thing I remember is a huge arc of lightning shooting across the sky when Cailleach disappeared,” I advise.
“That arc of lightning got past your shields and hit you, knocking you unconscious,” Dom explains.  “I got you in the car and brought you home.  Ana and Cameron stopped by to make sure you were all right.  They will be back by this evening.”
“Did the spell work?” I question.  “Did I send Cailleach to Erebus?”
“Yes, the spell worked,” he reassures me.  “Your mother popped in shortly after I got you home and told me Cailleach has been contained in Erebus.  And I do mean popped, right into our bedroom unannounced.  I think you need the ward the house against gods and goddesses entering uninvited.  I don’t want your mother popping into our bedroom when we may be occupied and not notice.”
“I will,” I promise.  “It would be just like my mother to pay a visit at the most inopportune moment.”
“And I hope you don’t mind but I got your Dad’s phone number from Ana and called him.  I wanted to let him know that you were ok.  When the fog spontaneously cleared up, the police leaked to the media that the crisis had been contained by local witch, Jessica Farrell, who was injured during the resolution of the problem.  I didn’t want him to worry,” Dom explains.
“You called my Dad,” I smile proudly up at him.  Knowing how difficult it must have been introducing himself for the first time and having to explain our relationship and what happened.  
“Actually, he’s downstairs having coffee with Rafael right now,” Dom admits.
“I must have done something really wonderful to end up with a sweetheart like you, my love,” I observe.
“Just don’t let that get out, I am still Master of the City,” he jokes.  “Besides your happiness is the most important thing to me.  I knew you would want your Dad to know you were ok and how better than to let him see for himself.”
“Thank you.  Domenico, I love you with all my heart and all my soul.”
“You better, I went through the first meeting with your father by myself.  I had to tell him about the whole vampire thing without you there to point out my finer qualities.”
“I’m sure he saw your finer qualities when he saw how concerned you were about me.”
“He said pretty much the same thing.  I love you, mi bruja.  Just promise me you won’t confront another god or goddess anytime soon.  When that bolt of lightning hit you, I thought for sure immortality or not you would be a goner.  Thankfully, it only knocked you unconscious.   Guess that immortality thing came in handy after all.
“More so than just during my confrontation with Cailleach, I now get to spend eternity with the man who holds my heart and soul.”
“I will guard them with my life.  That heart and soul belong to the woman that holds my heart and soul so I would never let them get damaged, mi bruja.”  Dom brushes his lips across mine in a fleeting kiss.  “Do you want to call down to Rafael and have your father sent up?”
“In a little while,” I reply.  I pull his mouth back to mine for a more thorough kiss, running my fingers through his inky black hair and then trailing my hands down his back to the waist of his boxers and stripping them off.  “I want to show you how much I love you first.”
“I have no objections,” Dom agrees as he pulls the t-shirt I’m wearing over my head and trails kisses down my neck to my breasts.

###

About the Author:
Anne Guillermo lives in New Jersey with her husband, two dogs and cat but will always remain a Chicago girl at heart.

