




Sideways
The Sideways Series Book 1

Annie Carlisle

Sideways is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Cover design by: Leigh Copin

All rights reserved.  Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.
Published in the United States.
Adult Content: Contains Graphic Sexual Content


Copyright © 2015 Annie Carlisle
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 978-0-692-44313-2  ISBN-13: 978-0-692-42223-6

For Christian

Acknowledgments
I need to say thank you to everyone that helped me through this process.  They aren’t kidding when they say writing a book takes everything out of you.

My beta readers:
Melissa Franklin – your truths were hard to hear but exactly what I needed to hear.  Thank you for going through this book with a fine-tooth comb. You are an amazing friend and I love ya.

Kevin Joseph – thank you for giving me a ‘guy’s’ point of view on this story. It was a welcome experience. I really appreciate you doing that for me.

My family:
Mom, Dad, and my brother Rick – Thank you for being there for me whenever I needed you.  I love you all very much and would not have been able to do this without your love and support.
Brownie – I miss you every day since you crossed over the rainbow bridge, but I know you’re up there having the time of your life. Thank you for making me love dogs as much as I do. I love and miss you.

And last, but not least, my wonderful and amazing husband, Christian. I cannot put into words how I feel about you and our love. You have shown me things in this life that I never even imagined. I have loved every single second we have been together, and I can’t wait to experience all the upcoming moments together with you. I love you more than you could ever know. Thank you for everything. I love you.

Prologue
“911, what’s your emergency?” an unexcited voice states over the phone.
“Oh…Hi. I think somethings wrong at my neighbor’s house,” a gravelly voice answers. “Her dog never barks, but right now, she won’t stop and its kind of late. I thought I heard a scream over there, too, but I’m not sure.”
“Okay, sir. What’s your name and address? I’ll send police and Fire Rescue.”
“Well, my name is Oscar Bennett, Oscar like the awards and Bennett like the singer, although I can’t sing, and my address is 525 Appleton Way, West Palm Beach. Should I go over there and see if she’s alright? She’s a fire fighter, you know.”
“No, sir. Let’s let the police handle it. Just stay on the line with me. Do you know your neighbor’s name?” the dispatcher asks the old timer.
“Oh, yes. She’s a sweet girl. Her name is Olivia and her dog is named Brownie. Right now, Brownie sounds like a mean dog, but she’s really not. I give her treats every once in a while.” Oscar says, smiling to himself as if the dispatcher could see him.
“Do you know your neighbor’s last name, Mr. Bennett?”
“No, sorry, I don’t. I just moved here less than a year ago, so I’m not that familiar with the neighborhood yet. I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine, Mr. Bennett. Can you see if anything is happening over there right now?”
“No, no…. I don’t see anything. Her curtains are pulled closed so I can’t see indoors. Do you want me to go and see if I can look in another window?” Oscar is peeking thru his curtains to the small house next door to his as he holds the phone to his ear.
“No, Mr. Bennett, let’s allow the police to handle that. Please stay on the line with me until the police arrive. They should be there any minute.”
“Oh…I see one pulling up now.”
“Okay, Mr. Bennett. Please stay in your house until the police officer comes to talk to you, okay?”
“Okay…I will. Good night” he promises the dispatcher as he hangs up the phone.
∞
“Rescue 80 on scene.” Heather says into the microphone as she sees a neighbor talking to a cop in the yard next door to the scene.
“Rescue 80 on scene at 0208 hours.” a disengaged voice says over the speakers.
Grabbing the stretcher and the trauma bag, Paramedics Bill and Heather head towards the charming looking home in a quiet suburban neighborhood. “Wonder who hit who this time. My guess…. wife hit the husband with a lamp. What do ya think, Heather?” Bill asks Heather while playing a game of ‘Guess the domestic violence weapon’ as another way to pass the time. 
“I don’t know, Bill. I’m going for the husband with a blender this time.” Heather laughs.
Just then, one of the cops, white as a sheet, comes running towards them. “Keep your cool, but it’s one of your guys. Rescue 37, I think. It’s pretty bad.” That made Heather and Bill jump into action, domestic violence game completely forgotten. Running into the house, the scene looks like it’s from a horror show and what’s worse is that both victims are co-workers as well as friends. 
The two victims are on opposite ends of the kitchen and the coppery smell of blood is unmistakable. Everything in the small house has been tossed like a tornado picked up the house and shook it. There is broken stuff, glass, and furniture everywhere. But that isn’t what’s bothering everyone so much. It’s the large kitchen knife sticking out of the male’s chest and the look of vacant surprise on his face.
Bill kneels down in a large, warm pool of blood next to the male and feels for a pulse on his neck. Bill recognizes the deceased male as Marc Brooks, a firefighter paramedic from another station. He looks like a wax figure of the person he knows as Marc. His skin is so grey and cold that the body could be an artist’s first draft of a new exhibit in Madame Tussaud’s Las Vegas museum. It was obvious that there was no life left in his friend and the lack of a pulse just confirms that. There is just too much blood pooled around him for Marc to be able to survive.
Bill moves to the female and feels for a pulse and finds a very faint one. He recognizes her as Marc’s partner, Olivia Prescott. “Holy fuck. What the hell happened?” Bill asks mostly to himself as he grabs the trauma bag off his shoulder and pulls out two trauma dressings and places one on Olivia’s neck and another on her abdomen. Suddenly jumping into overdrive and his training taking over, Bill yells for the oxygen tank from the rescue truck and one of the cops runs out of the house to get it.
“Heather, grab the stretcher. This one’s going!” Bill yells out, but Heather doesn’t move. She’s just standing by Marc staring at him. She’s white as a ghost.
“Fuck,” Bill mumbles to himself. “Heather!” he yells again at her but she doesn’t move. Recognizing the need for someone to step in and start helping, one of the firefighters grabs the stretcher and pulls it towards Bill. Together, they pick up the limp and light body of Olivia and put her on the stretcher and start wheeling her out of the house and out to the rescue truck. Just as they approach the back of the truck, the fire chief pulls up.
Chief Scott gets out of his SUV and starts running towards the truck, yelling, “Olivia! Oh God…. Olivia.” Standing at the open doors of the back of the rescue truck, Chief Scott starts mumbling towards Olivia as if she is just sitting there and she can answer him. Bill manages to get tape down on the trauma dressings he is holding pressure on, but blood just keeps soaking through. “We gotta go! Where the fuck is Heather?” he yells out the back of the truck. 
The lieutenant of the shift pops his head around the open back doors, “Roscoe is driving and Zack is getting in the back with you. I’ll take care of Heather. Just go and don’t let her die” He says pointing at Olivia as Zack climbs into the back of the truck and then closes the doors. He bangs on the closed doors letting the driver know it’s clear to go. The truck starts moving quickly away from the scene and it initially throws Bill’s balance off a bit. He catches himself on the overhead handrail and says to Zack, the other firefighter helping him in the back of the truck, “Need oxygen. Grab the mask and put it on high. Roscoe, call the hospital and let them know what we’re bringing in.”
As Zack is pulling the oxygen mask out to put on Olivia’s face, Bill grabs more trauma dressing to put over the now dripping bandages taped down on top of her open wounds when he hears the EKG machine stop beeping and only a solid tone is heard. “FUCK! SHE’S CRASHING!”



Chapter 1 - Olivia

“Tropical Storm Marco is heading due west with a barometric pressure of 998 and wind speeds exceeding 70 mph. Folks… this one looks like it’s going to hit us. Please make sure that your hurricane kit is complete. Expect landfall sometime around five pm…” Click. The TV goes dark as I hit the ‘off’ button on the remote while rolling my eyes at the TV.
Great. I have to work my first 24-hour shift after…. what do you even call it when your ex-partner tries to kill you? Oh, yeah… the “traumatic incident”. At least that’s what the therapist keeps calling it, I think to myself while trying to get my hair under control and into a ponytail while in the bathroom of my two-bedroom home. 
Looking in the mirror, I say, “Whatever. It’ll have to do.”
I look at my 5’4” slim frame and think that I’ve never had a problem attracting the opposite sex…. at least I didn’t use to. Now all I see are scars in the mirror. Damaged goods. The therapist keeps telling me to stop saying that. 
I take really good care of myself. Lots of running, Pilates, and yoga have helped with that. The job as a firefighter paramedic not only requires it but also demands it. 
Being a firefighter paramedic has been a lifelong dream for me; the stigma that it’s a man’s job gets tiring, though. It’s a tough job and such a male-dominated field. So the guys at work second guess and question everything, at least until you prove yourself and they trust you. Why can’t a woman be strong and capable and still be a girl? Maybe it is the job that makes a woman cold and harsh. Lots of violence. It truly amazes me what humanity will do to one another. It just isn’t healthy to be around all of that if you don’t know how to compartmentalize it all. 
But, eventually, the guys treat you like an equal, but you constantly have to prove yourself or they will lose their respect for you. I’m pretty good at compartmentalizing…. well, I used to be. Everything nice and neat in its own box in my head. At least it used to be like that, but for the last four months, my boxes seem to leak into each other.
I finally get my long brown hair back into a no-nonsense ponytail. “This will have to do,” I repeat to the stranger in the mirror. I hardly recognize myself nowadays. This just doesn’t feel right. Am I really ready to go back to work? Am I going back too early? Should I even be going back? Who’s going to be my partner and are they even going to want to be my partner? I’m damaged goods… oh yeah… stop saying that... okay… I’m… weaker? No, that will not work…. fragile? I suppose I could use that word, but I don’t feel fragile. I feel confused, mostly. Anyway, these are the questions roaming around in my head. 
Today’s Thursday and I’ve been off for the last four months since the “traumatic incident.” Who’s going to be my new partner since my last one is…. dead? Killed in my kitchen with my kitchen knife. ‘Justifiable homicide’ according to the District Attorney. Okay, I need to stop thinking like that. It’s time to move on.
“Suck it up, Olivia. You can do this,” I say out loud to my reflection in the bathroom mirror. 
Most of my scars have healed by now. There’s a pink puffy scar that has formed from my right earlobe down my neck to my right shoulder. I use makeup, but it’s still noticeable. So, I’m wearing a turtleneck shirt under my uniform that has the county’s logo on the left chest. I’m also wearing uniform pants. Dark navy and they look like they only make these in men’s sizes because in all the years I’ve been doing this job, not one pair has ever fit right. Another chauvinistic approach to the male-dominated field I chose to be in. 
It’ll be bad enough with everyone looking at me on my first day back, so covering up the scar will be the best option. All of the others are covered either by clothes or are too deep inside to ever see. I unconsciously run my left hand over the area on my abdomen where the worst scar is. It’ll always have to stay covered. No more bikinis for this Florida girl. 
The doctor has released me for duty, so it’s time to get my life back on track. I grab the doctor’s note from the counter so I can give it to the Battalion Chief when I get to work. I reread it. “… Patient restrictions: No lifting over 10 pounds for one month, rest when needed, and return to full duty in one month.” These are only the doctor restrictions. The department is also restricting me. I have to attend all PTSD sessions and see the department therapist at least once a week until she officially releases me. 
PTSD…. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. That occurs so much more in the EMS, medical, military, and law enforcement fields than any regular layperson would ever want to know. It’s expected in the field because it’s drilled into your head in school, but no one ever thinks it would actually happen to them, especially outside of work or even in their own home. You know…. like me.
I keep thinking about how my co-workers are going to treat me. I’ve always held my own against any man in this field of work. Right from my very first day at the fire academy when all the other recruits gawked at me when I walked into class. They all had their doubts. I was the only female in the class. They all doubted that a meek ‘woman’ could handle it, but I showed them all. To this day, my records still haven’t been beaten.
I keep looking around the living room of my small but cozy cottage home, a Mediterranean-style, dark wood trim around the windows, tiled floors with hints of paw prints in the tiles that were imprinted before the tiles were baked. That is why I bought them. Such a sweet feature, I thought to myself when I purchased them. The place is a small two bedroom, two bathroom home. Nothing too big, but really comfortable… or it was when I bought it. 
Now it’s difficult for me to be here alone most nights, but Brownie, my four-year-old lab/mix, keeps me company. I still refuse to even walk into my kitchen, the place of the “traumatic incident.” I just can’t bring myself to go in there. I keep trying to convince myself that I’m just not ready yet, but truth be told, I don’t think I’ll ever be able to. Every time I try, I have a panic attack. I can only make it to the kitchen island and then the attacks start. All I can see is blood…. just so much blood. The therapist tells me I’ll be able to go in there… in time. I told her I hope she’s right because if not, buying a house without a kitchen may be difficult. The therapist doesn’t seem to appreciate my sense of humor.
Because of all the death and destruction in my career, I decorated my home in light, airy colors, more to help chase the demons away than anything else. But it’s still so difficult to look around and remember that night of the “traumatic incident.” 
I look at the clock, 7:30am. Crap, it’s time to go if I’m going to bring Brownie to Mom’s and get to work on time my first day back.
“Brownie, let’s go. Time to go to Grandma’s house!” I yell down the hall. Brownie, who has been my rock through all of this craziness, comes barreling down the hall as fast as possible to the front door, skidding as she attempts to break before running into the door. She’s unsuccessful. Always good for a laugh. Always ready for a car ride and Grandma’s house. 
“I think Grandma spoils you too much.” I tell her and Brownie just tilts her head to the side like she’s trying to do calculus in her head or something.
∞
I pull up to my mom’s house two blocks away. I thought it would be weird living so close to my parent’s house when I bought my place three years ago, but through all this…. crap, my mom has been great. Cooking and taking Brownie out when all I wanted to do was lay in bed and die. She even cleaned my house, including the kitchen, and did all my laundry. “Thanks, Mom,” I say to myself as I’m pulling into her driveway.
The guys at the station were great, too. Someone brought over a small refrigerator and microwave and put them in the living room next to the bookcase when they found out I refuse to go into the kitchen. Someone else keeps mowing the lawn and cleaning the pool, although I do not know who’s doing it. Thankfully, it just seems to get done because the yard would be overgrown with weeds and the pool would be green slime suitable for scientific experiments if they weren’t taking care of it for me.
Working for the fire department…. it’s such a brotherhood and although I’m a girl, they’ve accepted me as one of their own and taken care of me, just as I would do for any of them if they needed help.
Brownie goes running up to the front door as my mom, Mary, opens the door to let her in. Mom’s a petite woman, in her late 50s with salt and pepper hair. She worked hard for the school board for 30 years before retiring last year. My father, Marvin, is in the backyard shed as always, tinkering with something. He hasn’t handled all of this “traumatic crap” too well. It shows on his face. He can hardly look at me without tearing up. He tries not to, but the pain’s just too much for him. 
“Olivia… are you sure you’re ready to go back to work? Should you even be going back? You know you don’t have to work there anymore. You can work full time at AOP with Piper.” Mom says, referring to my partnership I have with my best friends, Piper Bauer and Alana Franklin. 
We started an air ambulance company about a year ago, AOP Medical. Piper runs the business aspect. Alana is a flight nurse, but she doesn’t work in a hospital…. she uses her skills at a women’s shelter usually, and I do as many medical flights as possible, given my work schedule with the fire department. There are other medics who pick up flights here and there, but I try to cover as many as possible. We’ve recently started doing international flights, too.  Business has really picked up ever since.
“It’s getting busier and you can still work as a medic.” Mom says with more disgust in her voice than she meant it to sound, I hope.
“Yes, Mom. I’m ready. Besides, there’s a little thing called a tropical storm coming. Do I even have a choice?” I give her a smirk, trying to take the edge out of my voice. I don’t mean to sound sarcastic, but sometimes I just can’t help it. I mean…. I’m already expecting having to answer that question about a hundred times once I’m at the fire department.
“I’m just worried. And watch your tone with me.”
“I know, Mom. Sorry… I have to go. I don’t want to be late on my first day back. Thanks for taking Brownie. Oh, are you all prepared for this Marco thing? You have everything you need?”
“Yes, dear, we do. Do you have what you need or is the department got that covered? Be careful and call me tonight in between calls.” Mary says as she absently pets Brownie’s head and hugs me at the same time.
“Yes, the department has everything we’ll need.” I smile at her, but I can feel my smiles just don’t reach my eyes anymore. “Love you, Mom. Love you, too, Brownie.”
Brownie barks back at me…. like she understands how difficult this really is for me.
I climb back into my blue Jeep and start the short drive to the station. My cell phone rings and I grab it as I’m trying to dodge a speeding car turning in front of me in a sorry attempt to steal a parking space at the grocery store I’m passing. 
“Fucking idiot!” I yell as I hit ‘accept’ on my phone. I’m too busy dodging the car that I didn’t look to see who was calling.
“Nice language. You shouldn’t answer phones like that. That’s why you only handle the medical end, although I wouldn’t want that bedside manner if I was sick.” Piper says.
“Hi. What’s up?” I say, ignoring her jab.
“You aren’t ready.”
“For what?” I’m playing dumb.
“To go back to work and don’t play dumb with me. You know I’m right. Everyone else is going to say you’re ready and the docs say you are, but you aren’t.”
“Is that your professional opinion, Doctor Bauer?”
“You know I’m right. Don’t deny it. But you will and ignore my free advice. I may not be a doctor, but I play one on TV.” Piper says to lighten the mood. She’s a horrible joke teller.
“I love you and appreciate your concern, but I’m fine. I have to go. I am approaching the station and these drivers are crazy out here.”
“Wait! I have a flight scheduled for tomorrow. You wanna take it?” Piper asks.
“Seriously? You just said I wasn’t ready and now you are offering me a flight? You’re too much, Piper.”
“Well…. if you insist on working, I might as well take advantage of it.  Besides, I don’t have anyone else.”
“Yes, of course I’ll take it. Get me the details and I’ll do my research on my down time… if I get any. Man, these people on the road are freaking out.” I tell her as I blow the horn to get the little grey Civic in front of me out of the way.
“I’m letting you go. Be careful and I’ll be by to drop off the patient information at the station when I get it. Don’t be a hero today, Olivia,” Piper says with concern in her voice.
“I won’t. Thank you. Bye.”
“Bye” and Piper was gone.
∞
“Okay, girl. You can do this.” I say out loud to the rearview mirror while sitting in the parking lot of station 37. This is where I work for Palm Beach Fire Rescue. It’s a relatively new station, only about 6 months old. It has state-of-the-art accommodations and new state-of-the-art trucks to go with it. A modern one-story building with a stone veneer, there are three large bays with industrial size garage doors on the front and back, one bay per door. Ladder 37 is on the outside bay, engine 37 in the middle bay, and rescue 37 on the inside bay next to the living quarters. That’s my baby. I’m certified in firefighting, but much prefer the rescue unit and with my seniority, that’s what I choose to work on exclusively.
 Taking a deep breath, I climb out of my blue Jeep and head into the open bay of Station 37. 
“Hi, Opie,” some of A-shift’s guys call to me as I pass by. They’re cleaning out the trucks and readying them for my shift. 
“Hi, guys!” I yell back, waving and trying to duck into the station quickly as to avoid any stupid questions like “How are you doing?” or “Is everything okay?” or “Should you even be here yet?”. I just want to get back into my normal routine as soon as possible…whatever that is. 
I walk down the large hallway that has one large conference room that we use for training and meetings and another office that belongs to the Battalion Chief. I see his door’s open and the lights on. Crap…that means he’s here. 
“Deep breath, girl. You can so do this.” I mumble under my breath as I attempt to walk by the Chief’s office without being noticed.
“Prescott!” the Chief yells as I try, unsuccessfully, to sneak by. 
Damn, I almost made it. “Chief. I didn’t realize you were in here,” I lie as I walk into the office. His office walls have way too many pictures of accidents, plaques from little league baseball and football teams, and pictures of smiling faces posing in front of fire trucks of shifts from long ago, and the Chief shaking hands with anyone who is anyone in politics. Not a job I’d ever want.
Chief Roger Scott is sitting behind a large wooden desk made of mahogany, stained a deep red color. I take a seat in one of the guest chairs in front of Chief Scott’s desk as I look at him and realize he has lost some weight and looks more toned than before my “traumatic incident”. Maybe I should start calling it a sabbatical. That sounds nicer.
“Chief… you look good. Been working out?” I compliment him. 
“Yes. I have to make sure I pass that damn physical at the end of the year. You don’t know how that goes, because you’re so damn small, but the wife’s been begging me to work on losing some pounds anyway, so…” He lets the sentence hang while he pats his large, but shrinking belly. “Are you ready to get to work today? I have a feeling it’s going to be a crazy day because of Marco,” he says, referring to the tropical storm approaching. “But I think it is going to turn at the last minute like they always seem to do, which is fine by me. Let someone else deal with it.”
“Sir, I’m ready to get to work.” I try to say convincingly; it doesn’t sound convincing to me, though. I hand him my doctor’s note without a word.
“I will not ask you how you are, because I know you’re gonna lie to me, but I want you to make me a promise that you’ll say ‘uncle’ if things are getting too much. I have Heather on the engine if you need to take a break or leave early today.” He offers as he reads the doctor’s note and then places it in a folder on his desk.
“I appreciate the sentiment, Chief, but I’m ready to go. Besides, too much chaos going on out there. But I promise to let you know if something comes up.” I lie. I’ll be fine. That’s going to be my new mantra ‘I’ll be fine…. I’ll be fine….’
Chief Scott stands up and goes to the door of his office and closes it. He stands behind the door with his hand still on the knob and looks over at me with concern on his face and says, “I’m worried about you, kid, and so is your Aunt Lori. We just want to do whatever we can to help.” 
Although I have fought for everything I have received professionally, there are some people in the department who think I’ve been handed everything because I’m the Battalion Chief’s niece. But in reality, I’ve fought tooth and nail to make sure that I don’t get anything outside of what was handed to everyone else in the department, and this is no exception.
“I know, Uncle Roger. I’m fine and I’m ready to go… really,” I say, getting up, walking over to him, and giving him a big hug. “Am I getting one of the guys off the truck as a partner? I need someone strong because I can’t do very much lifting.” I ask, trying to change the subject and the mood in the office. I don’t do mushy so well.
“Don’t you worry; we’ve got your back. I have a surprise for you,” he says with a twinkle in his eye. “Ready?” he asks. I look at him quizzically, and nod my head slowly. Chief Scott opens the door and yells, “Monroe!”
Trevor Monroe is an extremely tall, handsome African American. He’s been working as an arson investigator for the department and has directly reported to Chief Scott for the last year and a half. Trevor and I used to be partners when he used to work rescue, but he transferred to the arson investigation unit when a position opened; a lifelong dream of his. When Trevor transferred to the arson unit is when I got a new partner, him, Marc. ‘I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine.’
Trevor walks into Chief Scott’s office with a big smile on his face, ignores Chief Scott and grabs me by the waist with one arm in a big hug, and swings me around in a circle like a rag doll. “Howdy, partner!” Trevor says to me.
“Partner? Put me down.” I demand at the same time I’m slapping his arm.
Chief Scott has a huge grin on his face. “Surprise! Trevor’s going to be your partner.”
“But rescue’s not what you want to do, Trevor,” I say, shaking my head, peeling out of his embrace. My abdomen hurts from this unexpected affection, but I try my best not to show the pain on my face to save myself from the unwelcomed reactions it will incite. 
Trevor looks at me at eye level, which isn’t easy because he is 6’4”, and so it means he has to bend at the waist to see me eye-to-eye. “I’m only on loan for a month or so. Just until you get back into the swing of things. Then I go back to the arson unit.” 
“Chief Scott, I don’t need special handling or babysitting. I’m not made of glass. Trevor doesn’t need to do this.” I say to the Chief, walking past Trevor as if he isn’t there. 
Trevor hangs his head and says, “I told you she wouldn’t go for it, Chief.”
“I know you can do whatever you want, but I want you to feel comfortable back at work. And I need to know that you are. I’m looking out not only for you, but for the rest of the shift. Besides, you two worked so well together before, and it so happens that Monroe needs to get his paramedic skills recertified, and you can do that because you’re a field training officer… and I promised your Aunt Lori I would.” he says with a bit of fear in his expression. No one says no to Aunt Lori. 
“Only temporary, Opie… I promise.” Trevor says, holding up his left hand like a boy scout.
I sigh. I can see this is a lost battle. “Fine. I’ll show you all that I’m fine and not a delicate flower that needs watching over. I’ll kick your ass to the curb if you treat me like I’m going to break,” I turn towards Trevor, pointing directly at him. “And you better remember how to put in an IV line because I’m not showing you. I’ll fail you and then you’ll be off my truck.” I say to Trevor, half smiling and stabbing him in the chest with a finger. “And you’re using the wrong damn hand to Boy Scout swear!” I say, shaking my head, but still smiling.
“Yes, ma’am!” Trevor says, saluting me, again with the wrong hand. I punch him in the arm and he grabs at his arm. “Ouch. Did you see that, Chief?”
“Nope. Now, both of you, get out of my office and get to work!” Chief Scott says, smiling.
∞
As Trevor and I leave the Chief’s office and head down the hallway to the main living room area, I hear my name. “Prescott.” It’s the shift Captain.
“Captain. Hi there. What’s up?” I ask as I notice a new recruit standing to the side of the large living space, looking very nervous. It must be his first day. He has the look of fear and excitement all at once in his face. I remember that feeling.
“Welcome back. I know today’s your first day back and this Marco thing is a mess, but we have a new recruit, and you’re the only FTO on the shift today.” Meaning that I’m the only one out of the seven people on shift who is certified as a Field Training Officer. “Meet Recruit Timothy Jones,” he says as we walk over to the nervous guy, not even, kid more like it. Am I old?
Crap, are they getting younger, or am I getting older? I decide I don’t even want to know the answer to that question. “Hi, Timothy. I’m Olivia and this is Trevor. Welcome to the department. How long have you been out of school?” I ask as I extend my hand to shake his. Ew…his hand is sweaty. I try not to embarrass him in front of everyone by wiping my hand down my pant leg, but I really want to. It’s gross.
“Hi, ma’am. Please, call me Tim. I’ve been out of school two weeks, ma’am.” he says as he realizes his hand is sweaty and wipes it down his pant leg. I still resist the urge.
“Rule one,” I say, holding up one of my gross fingers. “Do not call me ma’am. Got it?”
“Yes, ma’… er… sir,” he stutters. Everyone is trying so hard to suppress a laugh. I’m sort of successful and only smirk.
Trevor doesn’t even try to hide his amusement at all, and shakes Tim’s hand and loudly whispers, “We’re all afraid of her. Don’t worry. I got your back,” and then winks at me and I roll my eyes at him. He also wipes his hand down his pants leg. I’m going to do that, but discreetly…. I think.
Man, I didn’t realize how much I missed Trevor. Too bad he isn’t my type, although right now, I don’t have any idea what my type is, just that Trevor’s like another big brother and he totally gets me. We work together without speaking a word and know exactly what each other is thinking. That’s the type of relationship I thought I had with Marc, too. Evidently not.
“You should be afraid of me because I will fail your ass if the Probie here can start an IV line better than you.” I say as I point to the new recruit with my thumb over my shoulder, and now the rest of the shift’s laughing at Trevor.
I look at Tim and he looks a bit more relaxed because of the banter between Trevor and I. “Follow me. I’ll introduce you to your new home.” Referring to the rescue unit. As the three of us head down the short hallway off of the main living space towards the bay where the trucks are housed, a loud buzzer sounds and Tim jumps and looks terrified as everyone in the room drops what they’re doing and starts running to the bay.
“Come on. We are on!” I yell over the noise to Tim and finally wipe my hands down my pants. I need some hand sanitizer.
∞
“Rescue 37, Ladder 37, Engine 37…. respond to vehicle versus vehicle corner of 2nd and Flagler…” we hear an unexcited voice over the speakers throughout the station.
As the entire oncoming shift enters the bays where the trucks are parked, the off going shift gets their personal stuff out of the trucks. Joe, the exiting shift lieutenant, throws the keys for the rescue unit to Trevor and says, “Careful out there… its pure madness.” Then he looks at me. “Welcome back, Opie.” 
I look over at him and acknowledge that the older man looking at me really means what he’s saying, and it warms my heart to know that this is family, to the core. “Thanks, LT.” I say as I open the side door of the truck to let Tim get in. I climb into the passenger side of the rescue unit and realize for the first time in four months I’m comfortable and happy. A combination I didn’t think would happen again. I’m in my unit, with my old partner, with my shift, and I’m thinking that all will be okay. See? My mantra is working. I’ll be fine.
I grab the radio microphone and press the button on the side to engage it and answer, “Rescue 37 B-shift en route to 2nd and Flagler.”
“Rescue 37 en route, time out 0816 hours,” a pleasant, but unfamiliar voice says over the radio from the dispatch center now conveniently located our new station on the administration side.
Trevor and I buckle our seatbelts and I look over my left shoulder and yell into the back of the truck, “You ready, Tim?”
“Yes, ma’am. Sorry, what do you want me to call you?” Tim asks as he settles into the jump seat in the back section of the rescue truck and buckles his seatbelt.
“Olivia is fine, Tim.” I tell him, but Trevor talks over me and yells, “You can call her Opie.”
“Okaayy.” Tim says, sounding confused. 
I give Trevor a look. “What? If he’s going to be part of the shift, I might as well break him in early.” He tries to look innocent as he starts up the light bar on top of the rescue unit and starts entering the address of the call into the GPS unit.
Then Trevor holds his hand out between us. I recognize it. It was something we used to do before each shift. But to keep him on his feet, I look at him, confused. “What?”
“I am not leaving until you say it.” Trevor says with a quirked eyebrow. He knows I remember. Tim looks into the front cab, still with a look of complete confusion. That look may be stuck on his face permanently.
I look at Trevor and slap his hand like a sideways high five and say, “Challenge Accepted.”
“Challenge Accepted.” Trevor repeats and nods his head, then yells into the back of the truck to Tim, “You need to say it, too, Probie.”
Poor Tim, he looks so lost. He stutters, “Challenge Accepted? Why did I just say that?”
Trevor and I smirk. “It’s a tradition Trevor and I have. If we say it before the first call, then we have a safe shift. If we don’t, well, I don’t want to find out. Superstitious, I know, but this is a dangerous job and you just never know. When you get a regular partner, you two will come up with your own silly traditions.”
“Oh. Okay. I get it. I know it’s a dangerous field. Especially for the women.” Tim says, trying to sound knowledgeable.
Trevor puts the truck into gear and shakes his head as he’s about to turn on the siren and pull out of the bay behind Engine 37 and Ladder 37. “Tim, you and I should talk before you say anything else that may get you killed by your FTO today.” He says, then looks at me and winks. 
I smile and look out the side window so that Tim doesn’t see me laughing. Usually, I would bite anyone’s head off for saying such a stupid comment, but even my partner, Marc, was very dangerous, and he was in my truck with me each shift and no one had any idea what kind of danger we were all in.
Tim says something, but it isn’t heard because Trevor had already turned the siren on and, frankly, it just doesn’t matter. He’s a Probie. He’ll learn. Women can be and often are, tougher than men.
∞
We arrive on scene of the call and see the accident has two cars that t-boned each other, but at a low rate of speed. There are many people standing around watching and traffic is at a standstill with rubberneckers, but nothing looks too bad.
Trevor and I get out of the truck and I open the side door of the rescue unit so that Tim can get out. “Grab the trauma bag. It’s the orange one,” I tell him, pointing to the bag. “Make sure to put gloves on and stick very close to me. Do not walk away from me. Got it?” Tim has this crazy, excited look on his face and he nods. Probie, I think to myself.
It s drizzling and it’s windy, which actually feels good because it’s been so humid out lately. Florida. Gotta love it. Humidity and hurricanes. Nice combination, but it beats the snow any day. I’m a native, which is rare in Florida, and I have seen my fair share of tropical storms, and hurricanes, and although everyone is freaking out, this Marco thing just isn’t that bad….at least not yet. 
Tim and I walk over to the first car to see that there isn’t anyone in the car. The black Mercedes has front end damage and the airbags have deployed. There’s a little blood on the airbag. Probably from someone’s nose or face. The damage on the other vehicle, a blue Ford Fusion, is on the passenger side of the vehicle towards the front end of the car. “Tim, this looks like this vehicle isn’t at fault. See where the damage is?” I ask, pointing to the passenger door and wheel well. “Looks like the Fusion pulled out in front of the Mercedes.” Tim looks awestruck. He’s nodding, but I’m not too sure he knows what I’m talking about. 
“How’d’you know that?” Tim asks.
“Dated a cop. Don’t ask.” I say, walking around the scene, looking for patients. Tim nods his head and says, “Okay.”
I look around and see someone in the back seat, behind the driver of the Fusion, that has passenger side damage. This person’s holding the driver of the Fusion’s neck. Trevor and I look at each other and without a word being said, he heads back to the rescue unit to retrieve the backboard and c-spine collar. I’m going to need to secure the patient of the Fusion for transport to the hospital.
“Where’s Trevor going?” Tim asks. 
“He went to get the c-spine collar and the backboard.” I respond.
“How’d he know what you needed? You didn’t say a word.” Tim asks with a confused look.
“That’s a sign of a good partnership. Communication without communicating,” I answer, but I immediately realize that I had the same thing with Marc. This thought disturbs me, but Tim pulls me back to reality when he asks me a question. “Huh?” I wasn’t paying attention.
“What can I do?” he repeats.
“What do you think the answer is?” I ask him as we’re walking towards the Fusion. I can see the other firefighters who are on scene disabling the batteries in the cars to prevent any fires starting. Others still are starting the cleanup of the glass in the road. There are cops everywhere, trying to direct traffic away from the scene. Not an envious job for them today.
“I should go take over c-spine from the bystander,” Tim says confidently. 
“Good answer, but that is not a bystander. He’s a patient too.”
“Oh.” Tim looks confused again, but runs over to the car and climbs into the back seat and takes over holding the driver’s neck to prevent any further injury so we can get her transported to the local hospital so they can check her out.


Chapter 2 - Gabriel

I don’t have time for this shit, but here I am, sitting in the back of a car, holding a stranger’s neck so she doesn’t become paralyzed, all because she ran a red light. The traffic is horrendous because of some tropical storm heading this way. And so here I sit waiting, for what seems like forever, for rescue to show up and take over so I can get back to my life.
It’s been a long six weeks working overseas in Syria. All I wanted to do was get to the office and drop off the paperwork and then go home and crash for a few days. That’s the beauty of being the CEO of a major and successful corporation. I can do what I want, when I want. But no, this lady had to cut me off, and now I’m here, bleeding from my head all over my shirt and holding her neck. Sometimes, I wonder about my sense of duty.
I can finally hear the sirens coming. “Barbara? Do you hear the sirens? This should be over soon,” I say to the very nice, but older lady who shouldn’t be driving anymore. She tries to move her head to acknowledge me. “Don’t move your head. Just answer. Don’t want you to make any injury you may have worse.”
“Oh, sorry. Yes, I hear them. I’m so sorry about your car, sir.” Barbara says to me, but I don’t care about the car. It’s a rental because my driver couldn’t meet me when the plane landed and I just couldn’t wait to get home. That plan didn’t work out so well for me.
“Don’t worry about the car. That’s what insurance is for, right?”
“Yes, I suppose.” she says, but I can feel a tear run down her cheek onto my hand.
“Don’t cry, Ms. Barbara. Are you hurt anywhere else other than your head?”
“No, I’m fine. I’m just so scared of this storm with my husband gone. I’m on my own and now this…. I’m just at such a loss right now.”
“Don’t worry about the storm. I’ve been through many of them, and this is nothing more than a thunderstorm. And I bet you it will turn at the last minute and go another direction. Just you wait and see, Ms. Barbara. Don’t worry.” It’s true. I’ve seen my fair share of storms, hurricanes, blizzards, tropical storms, sandstorms, you name it, and this is truly nothing to write home about.
Just then, I hear a woman walk up to the driver's side, but for some reason, I could feel her before I could see or hear her. “Hi, I am Olivia. I’m a medic and I’m here to help you. Is it okay that I check you out?” she asks Barbara. I don’t understand it, but I feel like we’ve known each other for forever. Perhaps I do know her. Have we met before? She doesn’t look familiar.
“Oh… I’m okay. Just a bit of a bump on my head.” Barbara answers the medic while pointing to the left side of her head.
“You probably hit the side window here,” the medic, Olivia, says, indicating the driver’s door. “Let me take a look.” Olivia starts with the patient’s head and looks down at her arms, legs, and abdomen and there don’t seem to be any other injuries. I can smell her soap and it smells fruity… good. I must be sleep deprived because I’m sitting here in the middle of a car accident and the beginnings of a tropical storm while just getting back from a place not much better than hell, and I’m smelling soap.
“Do you know how fast you were going?” the pretty medic asks me as I’m climbing out of the backseat after giving up holding the patient’s neck to another medic who looks twelve years old.
“35.” I say as I walk away. I pull out my phone and dial Max, my driver. “Hey, I need a ride and the rental car handled…. in an accident…. no, I’m fine…. I’m at 2nd and Flagler…. thanks.”
I can hear the pretty medic talking to Ms. Barbara…. “What’s your name and can you tell me what city this is?” the medic asks. The patient laughs and says, “My name’s Barbara and we’re in Palm Beach.”
 “Very good. You don’t seem to be out of it. Are you hurting anywhere else besides your head?”
“No. I feel silly, but I’m fine,” Barbara says. “I just didn’t see him and I pulled out in front of him. This hurricane thing has got me rattled. It’s my first one. I’m new to Florida.”
“Don’t worry, Barbara. I’ve lived here my whole life and they still rattle me, too. Now, we are going to take good care of you. We’re going to put you on a backboard and put a collar on your neck to help keep everything in line until you can have an x-ray at the hospital. Tim, don’t let go of c-spine until she is secured on the board. Got it?”
“Yes, ma’am.” he says and then whispers something to the pretty medic, but I can’t hear him and I honestly don’t care at this point. I’m ready to be done with this hellish day.  
There’s another medic walking up with his arms full. “Opie. I got the collar and the board. Tim, here we go.” 
Her nickname is Opie? Really? Who does that to a kid? The pretty medic grabs a firefighter and yells, “Can you help Trevor and Tim get the patient loaded? Our other driver’s walking around and I want to check him out before he keels over.” 
Ah, crap. She’s looking for me.
 “You got it!” the firefighter yells back as he runs over to the car Barbara is in to help get her out. 
The pretty medic walks around the scene, looking for me. A couple of the cops directing traffic say silly thing to her like “Hey, welcome back” or “Howdy”. She’s sort of acknowledging them, but is too focused on finding me. Hum, this could be fun. She seems to be mumbling to herself while wandering the accident scene and trying to avoid tripping on debris on the road.
She spots me sitting on the curb with my elbows on my knees and my cell phone in my hand. I put it into my jeans front pocket as I see her approach me. Her eyes don’t leave mine and I can’t seem to look away, either. I don’t think I have ever seen eyes that beautiful before.
“Hi. I am Ol…” she starts to say to me, but I interrupt her.
“I know who you are. I’m fine. Just deal with her.” I say, pointing to Barbara, the other patient. I’m ‘dismissing’ her and being a total asshole, but suddenly, my pulse has quickened, I feel flush, and all I seem to want to do is throw her into the back of her rescue truck and do not nice things to her. She’s beautiful, and this is not the time or place for my dick to get all happy.
“Sir…” she says with as much restraint as possible “.… I have to check you out. You’re bleeding. Please get into the back of my truck so that I can at least bandage you up.”
She did not just tell me that. “I said I’m fine.” I tell her again and to emphasize that I’m done, I pull out my cell phone from my jeans pocket where I just put it, and I go to make another phone call. She grabs the phone from my hand. She did not just do that. 
“And I don’t give a damn if you ‘think’ you’re fine,” she says, giving air quotes. “I have a legal obligation to check you out. Don’t make me get the cops over here to help me exercise that obligation.” Her threatening tone has made my dick happy, whether or not I want it to be.
Not knowing what else to do and not wanting to make a scene, I slowly nod my head, pursing my lips and through gritted teeth, say, “Fine. Which one?” She points to her rescue unit and indicates for me to walk first. 
“Ladies first.” I say, giving her a smile I don’t mean and wave my hand, indicating for her to lead the way. I can at least enjoy the view. It’s a fine ass. I know that’s just rubbing her the wrong way, but she heads to the truck, anyway. She climbs in and sits next to the stretcher on the bench seat. I climb in behind her.
“Please roll up your sleeves so I can get your blood pressure and pulse.” She says as she pulls out the equipment and the clipboard to take notes. 
“I told you I’m fine.” I repeat, but not as sternly as before. I don’t need the cops involved in our little tête-à-tête.
“I heard you…. Tim!” she yells out the back of the truck as the medic who took over for me is now walking by. “Is the other patient being transported?”
“Yes, ma’am. Rescue 80 volunteered to take her. They said something about them owing you a favor for surviving? What does that mean?” he asks. 
Yes, pretty medic Olivia. What does that mean?
“Good. I need vitals on Mr. ‘I’m Fine’ over here.” She says, pointing to me and ignoring his question.
“Hughes,” I say. I think I’m losing this fight. That’s unacceptable. Time to end this and get back to my life.
“Excuse me?” she asks with raised eyebrows, playing dumb. It’s cute, not her, but still cute.
“Hughes. My name.” I repeat, raising my eyebrow as well. Two can play this game.
“Hughes…. first name or last?”
“Gabriel Hughes,” I tell her. “I don’t need my vitals taken. I’m fine. Attend to the other patient.” I order to the other medic as I get up out of my seat and grab my phone from her pretty little hand and put it into my jeans pocket again.
“Mr. Hughes. Sit down. I need to get your vitals, bandage your head because it is bleeding all over your shirt, and have you sign a release form. Then…. and only then, can you leave.” She announces with irritation, trying to put as much authority in her voice as she can muster. Again, cute, but not her. “And do not give instructions to my crew. Understood?” She’s glaring at me. Her eyes are so beautiful, and I think I see something else in them, like she’s actually scared, not of me, but of something.
“I’m not signing anything.” I finally say, staring at her as I sit back down in the jump seat.
“Well then, Tim…” she says without taking her eyes off of me. “Please get a c-collar and another backboard. Looks like Mr. Hughes here will be our guest on the way to Mercy General.”
Tim looks at Olivia and then at me and then back at Olivia, like he’s not sure who’s in charge.  I am, I always am, but I’ll concede this to her. She’s obviously trying to prove something, whether it be to her co-worker or herself. “Fine.” I say and hold out my arm for Tim to take my blood pressure.
“That’s better.” Olivia says sweetly and with an overly sweet smile on her face because she thinks she’s won.
“I need your home address, phone number, date of birth, and any medical history and medications…. legal or not…. that you are on…. please.” She says with her pen in hand and ready to write.
“11/15/1977…. I’m not on any medications…. legal or otherwise… and have no medical history.” I tell her as I grab my vibrating cell phone out of my pocket, yet again, with the arm not being used for blood pressure readings from Tim.
“Hughes…. yeah….” I answer as I stare at her. I bet she’s not had an orgasm in at least a year, if ever. I could remedy that right here and now if she’d get rid of the other medic. I’m sure she’d feel so much better. “Only another minute….” I close the phone to end the call. 
“110 over 72 and pulse is 68.” says Tim.
“I told you…. I’m fine.” I repeat, because it seems to get the fire in her eyes blazing and she has no idea how beautiful she is when that happens.
“Opie…. can I borrow Probie? I want to show him how we clean up a scene like this.” another medic interrupts from the back door of the truck. Seriously, I can’t believe she lets them call her ‘Opie’.
“Yeah… sure. Tim, go with Trevor. I’ll bandage up Mr. Hughes’ face.”
Tim gets out of the truck as fast as possible, looking a bit too relieved to be leaving the battle that seems to be brewing in the back of the truck. Fine by me.
“You okay?” Trevor asks her, looking between her and me, with concern in his face, like he’s sensing the charged atmosphere.
“I’m fine.” She says with an eyebrow up, looking at me. She’s smiling. Wow… nice one. She’s smart, too. I like that.
“Okay. Call me if you need me…. Tim?” Trevor says, looking at me for longer than necessary, as if he was warning me to back off. Please. As if I’d hurt her. She comes across as someone who I wouldn’t mind bringing to the brink of ecstasy repeatedly, but not hurt her.
Olivia grabs a small bandage, some tape, and some hydrogen peroxide out of the cabinets next to my head. As she leans in close to me to grab these things, she says, “Excuse me.” 
I don’t move out of her way and I let her get close to me. She smells delicious. She can see out of the corner of her eye that I’m looking at her, but she just can’t bring herself to look back at me. When was the last time someone gave this woman a proper orgasm, or has anyone? She drops the bandages, but luckily, they land on the stretcher. She sits back down on the bench seat, gets the bandages ready, and then gets to work on my face where the laceration is. Silently, she cleans up my face and places the bandage on the wound. Even with gloved hands, I can feel electricity whenever she touches me and can almost smell the charged air between us. It’s a strange feeling, but at the same time, it’s very exciting. We are so close, face-to-face. Her features are soft and sensual. I follow her eyes. My heart is beating so hard that I’m sure she can hear it. But I’m a control freak and I cannot possibly be any good for her. Time to go.
 “This doesn’t look like it’ll scar. Are you sure you don’t want to go to the hospital to get checked out?” she asks me. 
“I do not.” I reply formally.
“Do not, what?” she asks, confused.
“Want to go to the hospital.” 
“Oh, of course. Then you need to sign the paperwork releasing us from liability.” she says as she hands me the paperwork and the pen on the clipboard. 
Without even looking at the paperwork, I tell her, “I sign nothing my lawyers haven’t read first.” My eyes are boring into hers. 
“Well…. then lay down.” She says, waving her hand towards the stretcher. Now we’re talking…. oh… the stretcher. Haven’t done it there before. She instantly blushes, realizing how that sounded. “On the stretcher, because you will sign the paperwork or go to the hospital. So what’s it going to be?” she challenges me. There is so much energy inside the back of the rescue unit, I can’t decide if it is an electricity between her and I or if it’s the weather. 
I just stare at her without movement. Then I take the paperwork and the pen without even looking away from her and sign the paperwork. My cell phone is vibrating again. I look to see who’s calling, and hit ‘Decline’ and put the phone into my pocket again.
“There…. that’s better.” Olivia says condescendingly as she takes the paperwork and the pen back from me. 
“The people who work for me don’t talk to me the way you feel obligated to, Olivia. You should be careful.” I warn her quietly.
She looks at the paperwork, then looks up at me, tilts her head to the side, smiles widely and says, “Well…. Mr. Hughes…. isn’t great that I don’t work for you?” And with that, she gets up and out of the truck. 
I am sitting here dumbfounded. I roll down my sleeve down as I’m climbing out of the side entrance of the truck, but I haven’t taken my eyes off of her. Her partner comes over and says, “We have another call. Ready to go or is he going to Mercy General?” 
“He’s leaving. Tim, let’s go.” Then Olivia looks at me and points to my head. “Make sure to change your dressing once a day and keep the wound clean. Feel better, Mr. Hughes.” she says sweetly and then climbs into the passenger side of the rescue truck. I’m loving watching her ass.
As she tries to close the door, she looks for something preventing her from closing it and sees me between her and the inside of the door. I lean in close to her, making it so that she couldn’t move any further back in her seat. “Buckle up. Crazy day out here.” And with that, I walk away. I can feel her eyes on my back as I realize Max, my driver, is here in the SUV. I walk up to the back door and climb in. With the tint so dark, I know she can’t see inside, but I swear, when I turn around to see her face, she looks like she’s smiling right at me.


Chapter 3 - Olivia

“All available units go to Tact 2.” the dispatcher announces over the radio.
“What’s ‘Tact 2’?” Tim asks from the back of the truck.
“It is a non-emergency channel. A place to talk on the radio without taking up emergency air space.” Trevor says as I pick up the microphone and press the button. 
“Rescue 37 on Tact 2.” I say as other units announce they are also on the non-emergency channel.
“Be advised… Weather station Miami is unofficially saying the tropical storm looks like it is turning SSW and we have a strong possibility of not experiencing anything other than a few small feeder bands.” the dispatcher announces. 
Suddenly, Chief Scott’s voice comes over the radio. “People…. notice the word ‘unofficially’. We wait until we have heard ‘officially’ before saying anything to the public. Understood?” 
I press the microphone button. “Looks like we owe the chief ten bucks.” Referring to the ongoing bet our shift members have with him. The Chief bets all shift members at the beginning of each hurricane season the county won’t get a hurricane or a tropical storm. When one threatens but doesn’t hit, everyone has to pay him ten bucks. He puts it into a Christmas account and uses the money each year to buy toys for the kids in the county so that they will wake up to something on Christmas morning. No one has figured out what we get if the county gets hit by a hurricane, but it hasn’t been an issue since this bet started a few years ago. It’s also his superstitious way to keep the hurricanes at bay. No matter how ridiculous that seems, it’s worked for the last few years. 
“Yes, you do, people. Make sure you pay up.” Chief Scott replies.
I laugh and switch the radio back to the emergency channel. “Rescue 37 back on main.” I say into the microphone.
“Rescue 37 back on main. 1301 hours.” the bored sounding dispatcher answers me back.
“Tim. We need to get a few things straight.” I turn to face him the best I can from the front seat and still stay buckled in.
“Okay. Let me write these down.” He gets a pen and paper out.
“No. Just listen.” He puts them away and looks at me and then at Trevor’s eyes in the rearview mirror.
“Shoot.”
“Number one…” I hold up my index finger. “Don’t call me ma’am. I’m Olivia, Lieutenant, or… er… Opie.” I say, rolling my eyes at Trevor, who’s smiling at me.
“You’re a lieutenant?” Tim asks, with a little too much shock in his voice.
Now I’m irritated. “Tim…. maybe you didn’t know it, but us womenfolk can even vote!” 
“Sorry.” he says, resigned. Trevor is trying so hard to hold back his laughter, but he’s unsuccessful. 
“Man, you keep stepping more and more into it, Probie. Quit while you’re ahead.” Trevor tries to say in between laughing and trying to breathe.
“Number two.” I hold up two fingers as I attempt to get control of the conversation that I’m quickly losing. “You are my Probie. Period. You’ll probably have to pay your dues, but you’ll not, and I mean this will not be a do-boy to anyone. Don’t let the other guys tell you to clean the bay with your toothbrush or anything stupid like that. You have to do chores like the rest of us, and take care of the truck, but if you let them take advantage of you, then they’ll always take advantage. You let me know if this happens. We all paid our dues, but that’s all it is… dues. No initiation. Got it?” I feel like I’m preaching now.
“Yes, I do. I have no desire to clean the bay with my toothbrush.” he says a bit nervous.
“I have given this speech to every one of them when I trained them. Don’t let them walk all over you,” I tell him. “When we get back to the station and eat, I’ll walk you through the truck. Okay?”
“Yes, LT.” Tim says. I just roll my eyes. I hate that name, too.
∞
As our rescue unit pulls into the station later on that day, Tim says, “Hey, look what I found,” as he hands me a USB drive. On it, it says ‘Hughes International’. There’s been only one patient in my truck today, so it’s not too difficult to figure out who this belongs to. 
Mr. Gabriel Hughes… a.k.a. Mr. I’m Fine.
Must have fallen out of his pocket when he was sitting on the jump seat answering too many of his phone calls. Crap. This means I have to get in touch with him to give it back to him. My heart jumps a bit. Am I excited or nervous? I’m nervous. He was hot. Like smoking hot. Like I wouldn’t mind lying beneath him and letting him do not nice things to me type of hot. It’s been a long time since I felt like this. Ugh. He’s a patient, a dick, and I’m not his type. His type is definitely the blond bimbo ‘What do you want me to wear? What do you want me to say? How do you want me to walk?’ kind of girl. That is not me. 
I shake my head to clean out my crazed thoughts. “I’ll have dispatch get in touch with him to come pick it up.” I tell Tim as I put it in my front breast pocket.
Walking into the station, I call the dispatch center and tell them about the USB drive. They tell me they’ll get in touch with the patient. I hang up the phone and head towards the great room. A pool table dominates the back corner of the room. Someone from Ladder 37 is cooking dinner in the brand new kitchen. They have the time because it’s the least used truck. That’s the truck the old-timers usually go on before retiring. I smile to myself as I see my shift interacting with each other. They’re even attempting to include the Probie. God, I’ve missed this. 
As dinner’s being set on the table, I announce to the shift, “I’ve given my speech to Tim.” 
“You take all the fun out of it, Opie.” Ken, one of the engine guys, says, as some of the other guys groan in disagreement. One of them even throws a pen at me.
“I recall you taking a very relieved breath when I gave you that exact speech…. I think you even thanked me for ‘saving’ you from…. what was the word you used…… oh, yes….. hell.” I smile, putting him in his place. Everyone erupts into a laughing fit and Ken hangs his head and I just smirk.
∞
After dinner, Tim and I head out into the bay so I can give him a thorough introduction to the rescue truck and where everything is stored. All shift members need to know where everything is. That even goes for the guys on the fire engine and ladder trucks.
We are sitting in the back of the rescue truck with the side door and the two back doors wide open, going through the drug box as I explain why everything is where it is. It’s that way on all rescue trucks in the county so that if someone is covering another station there’s no delay in patient care. He’s taking copious notes and asking great questions. I think he’ll make a fantastic medic.
“Medic Prescott?” a very well dressed man says suddenly, standing at the two opened doors in the truck's rear. Both of us look up and I raise my eyebrows. “It’s Lieutenant Prescott. Can I help you? You are?” I say with my guard up. Who is this guy and how did he get in here?
“I’m here to retrieve the equipment your dispatch center called about.” he says. He must be wearing a suit that would cost me at least two months’ salary. He’s very tall, with dark hair and dark eyes. The eyes look familiar, but I can’t place where I’ve seen them before. He has a no nonsense demeanor.
“You’re not the one who left ‘the equipment’ here.” I say, using air quotes. I’m wary of this guy. He must be Mr. Hughes’ do-boy. Figures.
“I assure you, I’m authorized to pick up ‘the equipment’.” he says, using air quotes as well while looking back and forth between me and Tim and then to his watch like he has some place better to be. I don’t like him.
“Well….. I don’t care if you are authorized or not. You did not drop ‘the equipment’, you don’t get ‘the equipment’. Got it?” Why does this guy keep calling it equipment? It’s a USB drive and if he was authorized to pick it up, then maybe he should call it what it is, a USB drive. Besides, there may be something sensitive on it and I have no intention of being responsible for turning over corporate secrets, creating some kind of corporate espionage debacle or something like that. It’s truly the last thing I need in my life right now.
Do-boy loudly exhales through his gritted teeth and pulls out his cell phone. I look at Tim and shrug my shoulders and we start back to Tim’s training with the drug box. I’m done with Do-boy.
“He would like to talk to you.” Do-boy interrupts my training.
“Who?” I ask. Why is Do-boy handing me his cell phone?
“Mr. Hughes.” he replies, still holding out his cell phone but has a look on his face like he’s proud that he’s told on me and now I’m in trouble.
I sigh and take the cell phone from him and with the sweetest and most sarcastic voice I can muster, I say into the very fancy cell phone, “Firefighter Paramedic Lieutenant Olivia Prescott. How can I help you?”
“Give it to him.” says the voice on the other end of the line. Hello, Mr. ‘I’m fine’ Hughes.
“Excuse me?” I say, raising my eyebrows in shock.
“Give Matthew the USB drive. He’s allowed to pick it up.” he barks at me on the phone.
Now he’s done it. I’m pissed and in no mood for these games or attitudes. It has been a long day already, and the shift isn’t even half over yet. Mr. Hughes is an ass and is still trying to order me around, by phone, even.
“Your do-boy is not the one that left ‘the equipment’ in my truck…” I’m using air quotes even though he can’t see me. “So I’m not letting your Do-boy take the equipment from my truck. I’m very busy. If you want the equipment…” I say, looking at Do-boy, who looks completely awestruck at my terminology for him, “Then the patient, if that is indeed you, needs to come and claim it in person. End of discussion. Have a wonderful day.” I hang up the phone and hand it back to Do-boy. He’s completely dumbfounded, completely shocked. Why do people think they have to take that shit from people? I do not know.
I sit back down and start going over the drug box with Tim, who, once again, looks terrified and confused. Do-boy is still standing there, staring at us.
“Olivia! Where you at?” Piper’s voice echoes in the bay.
“In the truck.” I yell back, looking at Do-boy with a ‘what?’ expression.
“There you are. Oh, hello there,” she says as she walks up to Do-boy. “I’m Piper Bauer, CEO of AOP Medical.” she offers her hand to Do-boy. He’s finally stopped staring at me, and his full attention is now on Piper. Lovely.
“Mrs. Bauer, it is my pleasure to meet you. I’m Matthew Hughes.” he says, shaking her hand.
“It’s Miss Bauer.” Piper says, emphasizing the ‘Miss’ and I think that I’m going to hurl.
“Very good to know.” almost as a whisper to her.
“Piper, you’re flirting with the enemy.” I chide. Tim’s enjoying this too much. He has a grin from ear to ear.
“Olivia, here’s the patient information on your flight tomorrow morning. Wheels up 0830. Atlanta/Hartsfield and back. You should be back for the shindig at Sideways tomorrow night.” She hands me the medical file for the flight tomorrow, without taking her eyes off of Matthew Hughes. 
I silently wonder if he could be brothers with Mr. Gabriel Hughes. They look alike, but ‘Hughes’ is a common name. Piper’s flirting beyond shamelessly. She can though. She’s beautiful, smart, and very funny. She has a small frame, long strawberry blond hair, with large green eyes that melt the men’s hearts instantly. 
Piper has been a saint through the whole “traumatic incident”. She’s also one of the smartest people I’ve ever known. She’s worked so hard to make the venture into the medical flight industry a success. It was something very close to her heart. Her fiancé was in a motorcycle accident in Central America a few years back and needed to get back to the States for emergency surgery. He didn’t make it because of the paperwork and bureaucracy of his insurance company. He died alone, in a third world country in unsanitary conditions. 
Two days after he died, his insurance company called her to tell her ‘great news…. They approved his flight for payment and he can leave at any time. I had thought I had lost Piper at that point. But instead, Piper put all her efforts into creating a company that can help patients first and deal with paperwork and payments later. Sometimes, it’s a wonder how the planes are fueled for the next flight, but it always seems to work out.
“Mr. Hughes will be in touch,” Matthew says curtly to me and then, with more warmth in his voice, turns to Piper. “It was a true pleasure to meet you, Miss Bauer.” he says as he kisses her hand. 
“What? It wasn’t a pleasure to meet me?” I yell after him, but he just looks at me and walks away.
“Yummy,” Piper says, watching Do-boy leave. “What was all that about?” She finally looks at us.
“Nothing important. Meet Tim, my new Probie.” I say, trying to drag Piper back to reality.
“Hi, Tim. Nice to meet you.” She says, brushing her hair behind her ear.
“Hi there. Nice to meet you, too, ma’am.” 
She frowns. “Don’t call me ma’am, Tim.” she scolds. He blushes.
“Where am I going tomorrow?” I ask Piper as I hand the file to Tim to look at.
“Just to Atlanta and back. Simple and quick. The patient broke her leg a couple of weeks ago and, get this, her plane is broken, and so she needs to use ours. They paid completely up front, too. Cash, baby!!” she squeals. I smile at her enthusiasm. It’s always good if we get paid up front.
“Why does she not fly commercial and why hire a medic? It’s just a broken leg.” 
“Her doctor won’t sign off on her flying alone. Apparently, she’s well taken care of. She has other medical issues the doctors are watching, too. It should only be a couple of hours and you’ll be back in time for Sideways tomorrow night. You going, Tim?” she asks him.
“Where?” He still looks confused, again.
“Sideways. It is a bar in downtown. Mostly medics, cops, firefighters, and sometimes nurses and doctors hang out there, as well. We’re all meeting there to celebrate Olivia’s return to work. You should be there if you’re her new Probie. Six thirty, tomorrow night, burgers, fries, wings, beer, and camaraderie.” Piper says with way too much enthusiasm.  She should have been a party planner.
“I don’t know why we are doing this. I was only out for four months. I don’t need a party, Piper. I know you’re the one who set this thing up.” I say, trying to admonish her a bit. It doesn’t seem to faze her.
“Yes, you do. And the guys need this, too. They worked so hard that night.” She says that part quietly and with a tear in her eye. She shakes her head to wipe away the bad thoughts she’s having. I have to make a concerted effort to swallow because I’m about to lose it, because Piper is about to lose it. How pathetic are we? Time for my mantra… I’m fine, I’m fine.
“Fine. Who doesn’t like to party? You should definitely come, Tim. Bring your wife/girlfriend if you want, too.” I say with a smile to Piper and she returns it, looking a bit relieved.
“Oh, okay, maybe we will.” He says.
“Alright, I have to go. I still need a pilot for your flight. Thank heavens Marco is turning. Now it’s just wind and rain. Dodged another one!” And with that, we watch as she practically skips out of the station.
∞
Trevor, Tim, and I are sitting at the table in the great room of the station. Some of the other guys on the shift have headed off to bed and some are watching some baseball game and loudly debating who should and shouldn’t play on what team. 
The three of us are going over the paperwork Trevor needs a refresher on and Tim just needs to learn. Tim puts his elbows on the table and, for the first time, I notice a very large and deep scar on his right forearm. It’s completely healed and looks ancient, but also looks like it was very painful once upon a time.
“What happened to your arm?” I ask, pointing at his arm with my chin.
“I’ll tell you if you tell me about yours.” he says, pointing to my neck. For a second, I go completely dark. It’s almost impossible to breathe. For the first time in four months, I had actually forgotten about it….at least for a little while. I could feel the blood drain from my face and by the look on Trevor’s face, I’m white as a ghost.
“Don’t worry about that.” Trevor replies, trying to protect me. I appreciate his efforts, but I realize that it’ll always be out there, something people will talk about whether or not I’m around. So I might as well put it out there myself. 
“It’s okay, Trevor,” I whisper. I’m not sure either of them heard me. I take a deep breath. “Someone tried to kill me.” There. I said it out loud to someone other than the bathroom mirror. The therapist will be so proud of me.
Trevor looks angry and Tim, again, looks confused. “I’m…. I’m sorry. I didn’t know.” he stutters.
I smile at him, trying to put him at ease over the conversation. “No need to be sorry. You didn’t know. Now you do.” I look at the paperwork in front of us, hoping this particular subject’s over.
“Damn near succeeded.” Trevor says so quietly, I’m not quite sure I was supposed to hear him. He gets up from the table and walks out of the room. I watch him walk out and feel bad that he feels so bad. I don’t want anyone to feel bad because of me. That’s just a useless feeling, pity. There’s just no purpose to it and it lets Marc win.
There’s awkward silence in the dining room where we’re sitting at the table, but suddenly, Tim says, “I ran my bike off a diving board into an empty pool trying to impress a girl when I was twelve.” He looks like he’s trying to change the subject, thankfully.
“Really? Did it work?” I ask with a smile, trying to picture nerdy Tim doing this stupid stunt and also appreciating the change in the subject.
“Two weeks ago, she agreed to marry me.” he says, very proud of himself.
“Congratulations. Are you sure she just doesn’t still feel sorry for you?” I ask, lightening the mood. 
He laughs. “No. I’m not, but I’ll take what I can get.” Tim laughs. 
I like Tim. He has the typical buzz cut of the academy. He’s about four inches taller than me, with bright blue eyes. He’s young, but he’ll do well.
“I think we’re done for now. Go hang out with the guys over there. Make some friends.” I tell him and he takes me up on it real quick. I must bore him to tears. I remember being that way, too, at the beginning. I smirk as I clean up the paperwork and place it all in the bin marked ‘Done’.
I’m mentally tired and I head into the female quarters to lie down. My whole body is screaming in exhaustion. I thought my stamina would be better than this. I suppose not.
Heather, the other female firefighter paramedic on the shift, is lying down on the bed reading a book, listening to her iPod. I wave at her and she waves back at me as she pulls her headphones out of her ears. “Hey. You okay?”
“Yeah, why?” I ask, plopping down on my bed.
“Nothing personal, Opie, but you look like shit.”
Leave it to Heather to tell it exactly how it is. It’s a quality I’ve always really appreciated. None of the guys would even think to say that to me.
“Yeah, I’m good, just tired. Thought I was going to still have my stamina, but apparently not.” I shrug and lay my head on the pillow. The windowless room is cool, clean, and pleasant to be in. A very utilitarian type room, but it seems to work for what’s needed…. sleep.
“I can’t believe you came back so soon. What happened to you…. sucked. I’m glad the bastard’s dead, though. Good job.”
I know she means well, but the words sting and take my breath away. Heather puts her headphones back into her ears and starts reading again. I turn away from Heather so she can’t see my tears. I killed him. He was my partner, my friend. Maybe he did that because of something I did or said to him. I keep retracing all of our conversations over the last few years, looking for some sort of indication that would have set him off like that. I still can’t make sense of it. And so I cry myself to sleep… again.
∞
“Opie. Wake up. Time to go home.” Heather’s shaking my shoulder.
“What time is it?” I ask as I try to wake up. I slept really well. That hasn’t happened since….. that night. Why can’t I sleep like that at home?
“0750. Trevor says you have a flight today. Up and at ‘em.” Heather says way too cheerily as she heads to her bunk to pack up her things.
“We didn’t have any calls last night?” I ask. That would be highly unusual on a normal day, but there was a tropical storm threatening. There’s no way we had no calls last night.
“No, we did. One fire alarm, a couple of car accidents, and one domestic. You were sleeping too well. Trevor said not to wake you and I offered to take the calls for you.” She says with a bit of sympathy on her face. Great… more pity.
“You didn’t have to do that,” I admonish her. “I could’ve taken them.”
“I know. But I also know that you and your ‘stamina’” She actually uses air quotes. “Are not in full swing yet. When you are, you can take a couple of my calls when I may or may not be hung over. Deal?” She is looking hopeful that this will go over with me. Heather’s hangovers are notorious.
I take a deep breath and realize she’s right and I’m just grumpy because I just woke up and am not caffeinated yet. I nod at Heather, smile, and say, “Of course. And thank you. I really appreciate it.”
“I know. Now let’s go. We have a party to go to tonight!”
I roll my eyes and climb out of bed in search of caffeine. As I reach the great room, I see one of the next shift replacements in the kitchen. I just realized I can’t even go into this kitchen. This is getting out of hand…. it’s just a damn kitchen, Olivia, I think to myself.
“Good morning, Earl!” I holler at him over the breakfast bar.
“Morning, girl. I took the liberty of getting your stuff out of the truck. It’s over by the door.”
“Thanks, Earl.” I give him the rundown of what supplies he may need to replace soon and then bid him good luck on his shift. I guess I’m getting coffee in a drive-thru on the way home.
As I’m walking out of the bay, I see Tim is cleaning the inside of the truck. “Good Probie. See ya tonight.” He smiles, waves, and keeps on cleaning.
When I walk out to the bay, I see Trevor standing outside the bay. We haven’t talked since he walked away from the table while going over paperwork last night and he still looks a bit upset. “Hey there.” I say as I walk up to him. 
He looks down at me. “Hey.”
“You okay?” I ask.
“Yeah.” He answers too quickly. He’s not being his jovial self, and it’s because of my “traumatic incident”.
“Thanks for asking Heather to take my calls last night.”
“Sure.” he grumbles.
“I’m okay, Trevor. I have the entire department treating me with kid gloves and I have,  a gun, now. I can handle myself.” I’m defending myself with a 9mm gun I purchased the day I got out of the hospital because I need to know that I can protect myself. I haven’t figured out how to use it because I hate guns, but I have it. It’s also not loaded. Stupid, I know, but what if it goes off? I hate those things. My brother, Justin, is a cop, so you’d think I’d ask him to show me how to use it, but I haven’t. Stupid… I know.
He looks at me for a minute, maybe two, and then I can see that he has rationalized something in his head. He grabs me by the shoulders. “You’ll call if you need anything, right?”
“Cross my heart.” I promise as I actually cross my heart.
He grabs me in a big bear hug. My abdomen hurts, but I don’t have the heart to say something to him, and instead, I just hug him back. He whispers in my ear, “He had us all fooled, Opie. All of us. We never saw it coming. I wish I was on the truck that night, but Rescue 80 did just fine because you’re here.”
He lets me go, and I smile up at him. “I have to go. Wheels up in less than 30. We good?”
“Yeah. We’re good. I’ll see you tonight. Maybe you can meet Keisha.”
I raise my eyebrows as I’m walking backwards towards my Jeep. “You’re going to let your work-wife meet the girlfriend?”
“God help me.” He laughs and I climb into my Jeep and head towards the airport.


Chapter 4 - Gabriel

“Hello, Mom. I already warned you I was going on a flight and wouldn’t be able to pick up Brownie until this afternoon. You remembered, right?” the voice on the other end answers as soon as the call connects.
“What?” I say into the phone. Maybe I have the wrong phone number. “Olivia?”
“Yeah, who is this?” Olivia says nervously. 
“You’re not at the station.” I say shorter than I mean to. She shouldn’t be telling people who she is if she doesn’t recognize the number or the voice. She could get in serious trouble that way. Why am I even thinking about that? 
“Who is this? Tell me or I’m hanging up.” She barks at me.
“It’s Gabriel Hughes. You’re not at the station.” I repeat. This conversation is going in circles.
“Good morning to you, too, Mr. Hughes. How are you on this lovely day? I’m fine… thank you for asking.” She says and I can hear her fake smile, but at least she’s not barking anymore.
“You said to come get the USB drive from you personally, and I’m here, but you’re not.”
“You’re where?” she questions, sounding confused.
“At the fire station. That is where you work, isn’t it?” Now I’m getting irritated. First, she won’t give the drive to Matthew and now, she’s not at the station where I expect her to be. This woman is very frustrating.
“Very good, Mr. Hughes. No, I’m not at the station. You should’ve called and told me you were on your way and I could have saved you the trouble of showing up. I’m at the airport for a flight. Sorry you’ve wasted your time. By the way, how the hell did you get my cell phone number?” 
“You’re leaving town with my USB drive?” I ask with panic in my voice, and I have no idea why. It’s not like it’s urgent or anything. I just…. just need the damn thing and I don’t want to think about why it’s suddenly so important to me, why I want to see her. “And anything’s available if you know where to look. Which is how I got your cell phone number. It isn’t very hard, Miss Prescott.” I reply. The phone suddenly got very quiet and I have to look at the phone to see if we’re still connected. We are. “Olivia? Are you still there?”
“It is Lieutenant Firefighter Paramedic Prescott to you,” she says formally, and I can hear the irritation in her voice, but I can also hear something else. I wish I had left the house earlier so I could see her again. “Look, I have your precious USB drive safe and sound. I’m leaving town, but I’ll be back this evening. We can meet up then. You can find me at Sideways tonight around six thirty. I’ll bring the USB drive with me and give it to you then. I have to go. Have a good day, Mr. Hughes.” Then the phone goes silent.
“She hung up on me. I can’t believe she just hung up on me. Damn it!” I shout out loud, looking at my brother, Matthew, who is also one of my partners in Hughes International. 
There are three brothers in all…. me, Matthew, and Owen. All three of us took over Hughes International, a private security company, when our father retired after a heart scare and our mother had a stroke a few years back. Now, I’m the CEO, Matthew’s the VP of Operations, and Owen, the youngest, handles cases in the field.
Hughes International is known for doing the things the government wants to stay away from. Usually, we’re called in because someone has disappeared in a country that’s not too friendly with the U.S. government and the family’s desperate to get their loved one’s back and the Embassies are not too eager to start an international incident. 
Sometimes, Hughes International helps businesses and families protect what’s theirs. There’ve even been some cases of fraud investigations, espionage, domestic and international terrorism, and other unsavory acts people can think of to do to each other.
All three of us have served our country in some capacity. I was Army Special Forces for 15 years, Matthew spent ten years as a Navy SEAL, and Owen was a Top Gun pilot for the Air Force for seven years until his plane went down in Afghanistan. After the crash, he’s had multiple surgeries to correct a knee injury and could never go back to doing what he loved to do, so he joined the family business.
“I told you she was a spitfire,” Matthew says. “I can’t believe you let her talk to you like that. Not like you, bro.”
“She’s beautiful, I’ll give you that, but God help the man who ever tries to cross or even tame that woman.” I say under my breath, shaking my head. “Max… can you head to the office, please? I have a nine o’clock meeting.” 
“Yes, sir.” Max says from the driver’s seat and heads towards the downtown office of Hughes International, pulling out of the parking lot of station 37.
“So how’re you going to get your USB drive back and what the hell is on it that’s so important to get it back?” Matthew asks, smiling.
“Stop smiling. I’ll get it back tonight. She said she’ll be at some place called Sideways in downtown. You know it?” I answer, ignoring his other question and his smirk on his face.
“Yeah. I know it. Nice bar, usually only locals go, not touristy at all. Max can get you there. What time?” Matthew asks.
“No. I’ll drive myself, so you won’t have to rush your meeting this afternoon. Six thirty is the time she says she’ll be there. I’ll catch up with her in the parking lot before she goes in. Then I’ll meet you at Mom and Dad’s after that. It should only take a couple of minutes.”
“If you say so, big brother. Are you sure you should be driving since your accident, old man?” Matthew says, chuckling at me.
“I say so and stop laughing at me. I’m only three years older than you.” I turn to look out the window as we drive into downtown West Palm Beach, heading towards our office. I know there’s more to this than just getting the USB drive back and I’m not sure if I’m ready to find out what that is with Lieutenant Firefighter Paramedic Olivia Prescott, but I may not have a choice. That woman has been under my skin since she showed up on the scene of the accident yesterday. Damn it.
∞
Matthew and I both enter the office and go our separate ways. My secretary, Lucy, is ever so efficient.  My coffee is steaming hot and on my desk as I walk into my office.  I take a very welcome sip and start up my laptop.
“Welcome home, sir.” Lucy announces, since I haven’t been back in six weeks from my trip from Syria, as she walks right into my office and sits in one of the guest chairs in front of my desk.
“Thank you, Lucy. What do you have for me?”
“You have the messages on your desk that came in since you landed yesterday and you have a meeting at nine with Mr. Schneider about the contract he’s signing, a lunch meeting with Mrs. Hughes, and another meeting at four with the new head of IT, Mr. Miller.”
“What does Mrs. Hughes want?” I absently ask as I’m loading up my calendar on the computer and sipping more of the coffee Lucy brought me.  Lucy’s in her mid-forties, but takes great care of herself so she doesn’t look a day over thirty. She’s married to a talented architect and has four kids, all honor students and high achievers. She runs a tight ship here in the office and keeps me on task, so she must do the same for her family as well.
“She just wants to have lunch with her favorite CEO son.” I can hear the smile in her voice. She finds it ‘adorable’ that I have lunch with my mother every couple of weeks. Not too sure what’s so ‘adorable’ about it. I love my mother and entire family. I never understood how families can get to a point where they don’t see each other. I see my brothers at work and my entire family at least once a week.
“Yes, I am the best child she’s ever had.” I quip.
“Well, you are the best boss…. although I could never choose a favorite child, so I’m sure your mother doesn’t either.” Lucy hands me a stack of paper with a lot of little sticky flags hanging off the side of some pages showing that I need to ‘sign here’. “Here are all the contracts that are ready to be closed. All they need is your signature. Let me know when they’re done and I’ll send them out to the clients.”
“Thank you, Lucy.” I look at the enormous stack of contracts and dread reading them. I don’t have to, but I’m anal enough in my work to make sure my lawyers dotted their i’s and crossed their t’s that I will sit down between meetings and this evening at home and read every word before I sign them.
“How’s your head?”
I forgot about my bandage on my head, but I haven’t forgotten the medic who put it there.  “I’m fine.” Saying that makes me smile. “Really, I’m good. Just a bump on the head. Speaking of which, has the car been handled?”
“Yes, it has. Let me know if you need anything from me. I’ll be at my desk.” Lucy says as she walks out.
“Thank you, Lucy.” I say as she closes the door.
Immediately, my phone rings and for the next half hour, I’m on the phone putting out fires and talking to the head of state in Syria regarding my trip I just got back from. Matthew walks into my office just as I finish up with the ambassador.
“I suppose I should have asked you sooner, but how’d the trip go?” Matthew sits on the couch on the other side of my office.
“What a mess. Those three college kids go over to Syria, telling no one that they are going, start preaching Christianity, and get themselves arrested, tried, convicted, and sentenced to death by firing squad. They’re damn lucky one of their girlfriends called the parents of her boyfriend or they’d be dead right now instead of playing video games on their iPads in some coffee shop right now.”
“Not too bright, but I don’t remember us being all that bright either at that age.” Matthew chuckles.
“No, we weren’t, but we weren’t that stupid either.”
“True. So about that medic?”
“Nice segue. What about her?” I don’t know where he’s going with this, but I’m pretty sure I will not want to talk about it. But with my brother, once he has something, he never lets it go until he’s satisfied.
“Tell me about her.” He’s being coy now as he leans back into the couch more and puts his hands behind his head and props his feet on my coffee table.
“What do you mean ‘tell me about her’? I know nothing. I was in a minor car accident. I needed a bandage, and she did her job and bandaged me up. I left a USB drive in the ambulance and now I need to get it back. Short and sweet.”
“You like her.” he sings to me. Matt rarely sings.  He’s enjoying this too much.
“What are you, three? I don’t like her, I don’t like her. I don’t know her. Why are we even talking about this?” I get up from my desk and walk over to the bar and pour a drink for myself and silently offer one to Matt, but he shakes his head.
“Whatever, man. I don’t think you really care about that USB drive, but whatever you want to do, you’ll do. I just don’t believe you.” Matt gets up from the couch and heads towards the door, but turns around and looks at me.  “Wouldn’t kill you, you know. Seeing if you do like her.”
“Are we done? Did you actually need something or was this trip to my office just to harass me about nothing?”
Matthew smirks at me. “The meeting I’m going to this evening; you saw my talking points?”
“Yeah.  They look good to me. You ready?” I ask as I finish my drink.
“Of course I’m ready. I’ll own that contract when I walk out of there tonight.”
“I never doubted you wouldn’t. I’ll see you tonight at Mom and Dad’s?”
“See ya then.” 
Matt leaves and closes the door behind him and I’m left alone with the lingering thought of Lieutenant Paramedic Fire Fighter Olivia Prescott. I do not know why I want to get that USB drive back. It’s not like there’s anything on it I need, just a list of things that need to be done for my parents’ surprise fiftieth wedding anniversary. I suppose I want to see her again. Her dark hair, dark eyes, and that tiny figure of hers has had me hard for over twenty-four hours now. It’s been too long since I’ve been laid.  I need to rectify that.


Chapter 5 - Olivia

“Piper, you said the flight was only a couple of hours. I just got off the damn plane!” I say into Piper’s voicemail. “It is five thirty in the afternoon and we just landed. Are you kidding me? This patient was a nightmare. Probably why they paid in cash up front. That way we’re obligated not to kick her out the door mid-flight. I’ll be late going to Sideways. I still have to get Brownie, go home, shower, and get ready. I’ll be there around seven-ish. See ya.” I hang up the phone.
As I’m collecting the medical gear out of the plane, Sam, the pilot Piper had convinced to take the nightmare flight, comes over to me. “You got plans tonight, Olivia? I’d love to take you to dinner if you’re available.” 
Sam’s sweet, but I really thought he was gay. Smiling at Sam, I say, “Yeah, I’m busy tonight. Piper is throwing some silly get together with all the guys from the station for me. I’m sorry.”
“No sweat, maybe another time.” Sam says as he’s climbing out of the plane. 
He’s cute and sweet with bright red hair, pale skin, and lots of freckles. He has the greenest eyes I’ve ever seen, even greener than Piper’s, and that’s saying something. I feel bad for not inviting him to Sideways tonight, but my plans for tonight are to show up, have a couple of drinks, and leave. That’s it. Then go home and hang out with my dog. Ah, what the heck. “If you want to come, you may know some of the guys. Why don’t you stop by for a drink? It’s at Sideways.” I call after Sam as he’s getting off the plane.
“Sounds good. Maybe I will.” he says, then waves at me and walks away.
∞
“Okay, I’m little later than I thought I was going to be.” I say out loud to myself as I’m pulling into the parking lot of Sideways. Ah, what the hell…. I think as I see Gabriel Hughes leaning up against a very sexy looking black Tesla Model S. Must be nice to have money. So far I’ve seen him in a black Mercedes, dented, but still… then a black Cadillac Escalade and now a black Tesla.
I pull into a parking spot. “Ugh, I forgot…. crap. I don’t want to deal with him, and I’m later than I told him I would be.” I’m talking to my reflection in the rearview mirror as I’m putting on lip gloss. “Here goes nothing.” I say under my breath as I grab the USB drive, climb out of my Jeep and start heading over to him. 
He’s leaning against the truck of his car, his ankles crossed, and his arms crossed against his chest. He’s wearing black jeans, a white button down long-sleeved shirt, and a black sports coat. The bandage I put on his forehead the day before is still there. He looks good. He looks fantastic. What is it with a guy in jeans and a button-down shirt? What is wrong with me? I don’t know him, and I’m talking to myself again. Maybe I should call the therapist.
I only parked a couple of spots down and across the row from him, so the walk, although it feels uncomfortable, is thankfully short because he hasn’t kept his eyes off of me since I pulled into the parking lot.
“You’re late.” he says with a smile on his face and a raised eyebrow. 
“You’re not one for pleasantries, are you, Mr. Hughes?”
“I like to get straight down to business. It saves time, Miss Prescott.”
“Ah…. don’t call me that. I hate formalities.” I say as I put my hands in the back pockets of my jeans and just stand there with a goofy smile on my face, as if I’m enjoying a private joke. I am, actually.  He’s hot to look at.
“What’s so funny….and what do you want to be called?”
“You can call me Olivia or Opie. Either’s fine.” I answer, ignoring the first question. I feel like I’m in high school again and the captain of the football team is talking to me. Now I’m just waiting for the pig’s blood to drop on my head.
“Opie?”
“It’s a long story.”
“What’s it supposed to mean?” he asks, suddenly seemingly very interested in not wanting to end this conversation with me. Good. I suddenly don’t want it to end either.
“Opie…. like O.P., my initials. One guy said it one day as a joke while I was in the academy and it stuck like glue.” I smile, remembering the day it started. 
“I think I’ll stick with Olivia.” he replies with a frown on his face. What’s his problem?
“That’s fine…. Gabe.” I tease.
“Don’t call me that. Just Gabriel is fine.” he says, curtly. 
“Excuse me, ‘just Gabriel’… I didn’t mean to offend you.” Okay, now I’m done with this conversation.
“Sorry,” he looks apologetic. “You didn’t offend me. It’s been a very long couple of days for me, my apologies.” 
 “Here ya go, all safe and sound.” I say, handing the USB drive to him. He takes it and our hands touch for a second, but the electricity is still shocking. What the heck is that? I felt that yesterday, too, when I went to put his dressing on his wound.  I just assumed it was the charge in the weather. But I can still feel it.
“Thank you.” He doesn’t act like he feels it at all. 
“Well…. there ya go.” I say again because I’m not too sure what else to say. Have a nice day? Good luck in your takeover of the world? Adios? What else is he expecting? He’s just standing there looking at me. “How’s your head doing?” I go for the straightforward question. I know, I’m a chicken.
“It’s okay. Thank you for bandaging me up.”
“No problem. Just doing my job, but you didn’t follow my instructions on changing the bandage daily. That’s the one I put on there, isn’t it?”
“Then maybe we should go somewhere and you can change it for me.” 
Ah…what did he just ask me? Yes, yes, please. Let’s go. I don’t say any of that, of course, I’m a chicken, remember? But I want to say it… instead I just stand there and stare at him as he looks me up and down, waiting for an answer from me.
“There you are, Olivia! Come on…. everyone’s waiting for the guest of honor!” Piper yells from the front door of the building, making me jump when I hear my name called. Her face is glowing orange from the neon sign above the door that shows the name of the bar. The parking lot’s full, so it must be a full house tonight. 
“Coming, Piper!” I yell back to her as she goes back into the bar. I turn to Gabriel. “I guess I have to go. Apparently, no one can drink unless I’m there.” I joke.
“Why are you the guest of honor?” 
“No reason really.” And…. more lovely awkward silence…. yeah. “Wanna come in for a drink?” I suppose I should be polite, although I don’t think this is his scene. He doesn’t seem like the country bar type of guy.
“Thought you’d never ask, but only on one condition.” He says as we walk towards the front door of the bar over the gravel parking lot.
“Okay. Shoot.” I’m confused. What could he possibly want?
He comes up behind me and whispers into my hair, “You have to keep your hands out of your back pockets.” 
“Why?” What a strange request.
He puts his hand on the small of my back, and I shiver. His touch is so warm, even thru my clothes, not to mention the electricity that is still there. “Because it makes your breasts stick out more and I can’t think of anything else.” As we approach the front door, he pulls the door open to usher me in, but I just stand there, staring at him. 
Country music is blaring out of the small bar, but I’m just in shock. Did he really just say that to me? Holy crap, that’s hot. I pull my hands out of my back pockets and walk into the bar.
“That’s better. Shall we?” he says, smiling.


Chapter 6 - Olivia

“Olivia! I’m so glad you finally made it.” Piper says and then pauses as she sees Gabriel walk in behind me. 
“I’m going to the bar. Would you like anything?” Gabriel asks me in my ear, making my skin feel like it’s on fire but still have goose bumps. How is that possible?
I’m too stunned by his comments and my physical reaction to him, that I just shake my head. I’m having trouble focusing on anything but him. His hand in the small of my back made me shiver like I was in Alaska instead of Florida. It felt so good and so right, and this was the last place I wanted him to be, with my co-workers and friends. This is getting to be too much… too overwhelming. I’ll just have a drink and then leave. I’ll never have to see him again. I’m fine… I’m fine… I’m fine.
“Who’s that?” Piper asks me while watching Gabriel head towards the bar.
“He was one of my patients yesterday. He left something in my truck and met me here to pick it up. Get that look out of your eyes.” I can see her wheels turning.
“That tall drink of water is exactly what you need.” Piper says, walking away and back to the table where all of my co-workers are sitting.
“Hi, everyone.” I wave as I follow Piper to the table.
“Who’s your friend?” John, one of the local cops, asks just as Gabriel walks back to the table.
“This is Gabriel, a friend. Gabriel…. this is everyone.” I wave at everyone sitting at the table. There are at least twenty-five people here. I didn’t think I knew that many people.
“Hello there.” he says, waving like he knows everyone. Gabriel grabs a chair and whispers into my ear again, sending shivers all over, “Sit.” 
I sit down in the chair he’s pulled out for me. He’s so bossy. First, it was all the mess at the accident yesterday, then the hands in the pocket thing in the parking lot, and now this. Why am I letting him tell me what to do, and I’m doing it? What’s wrong with me? He’s making parts of me feel awake that haven’t been in a long time. Ugh. Get a grip, girl. You’ve got this.
“Olivia…. whataya drinking?” Vinny, the bartender, asks from behind the bar.
Shaking my head, I say, “Nothing.” The entire table moans in disapproval. I can’t drink because I’m still on antibiotics, but that’s nobody’s business. “Okay, okay,” I say to hush the table, pretending to think about it and then I announce, “Juice and goose!” And that seems to make the table roar in approval. Vinny looks at me and I nod my head ever so slightly to him, and being the lifelong professional bartender that he is, he smiles because he understands…. just juice, no goose.
“Juice and goose coming right up.” Vinny says as he goes to make my drink. Everyone at the table’s talking and laughing loudly, having a good time. Apparently, the party started on time, but I was late because of the flight I took. I want to take part in the conversation, but all I can think about is the very alpha male sitting next to me with his elbow on the back of my chair and his hand hanging down my back. I’m in so much trouble here.
“So, tell me, who’s who?” Gabriel asks me.
“Well, over there, in the white polo shirt, is Trevor. He’s my current partner.” I point at Trevor, who is not paying any attention to me, but all of his attention is on who I assume is Keisha. I’m going to rub that in on our next shift. “Those guys,” I point to a group of guys and one girl at the other end of the table. “They are some cops who are on-scene sometimes. I don’t know them really well, but this crowd will party for any reason. And the guy with red hair at that end of the table is Sam. He’s one of our pilots.” I glad that Sam came tonight. I kind of felt bad earlier today for turning him down, but he seems to be having a good time talking with everyone at that end of the table.
Gabriel turns to look and then nods. “And the rest of them?”
“The rest are all co-workers from the station.”
“So why is everyone here to party? What’s the occasion?” He has turned in his seat so that I’m positioned in-between his legs and I feel a bit trapped, but not in a bad way. I feel protected but vulnerable at the same time. I not sure if I like it; I’m just not sure.
“There’s no reason, really. This group will party because the day ends in ‘Y’. It really doesn’t have to be anything official.” I quip.
“So, let me get this straight. You’re the guest of honor… ‘for no reason’. Your department, friends, and other co-workers are here to party…. again ‘for no reason’.” Gabriel pauses and looks around the table, then back at me, and as he does, I just nod. I don’t think I’ve managed to pull the wool over his eyes. Crap.
“I don’t believe you, Olivia.”
He doesn’t believe me?  Who the fuck does he think he is? I don’t need him to believe me. He can just leave. He’s got his ‘equipment’. There’s no reason he needs to hang around. I take a deep breath because even though he ‘doesn’t believe me’, I kind of like him here. But screw him.
“I don’t care, Gabriel.” I turn in my seat and away from him.


Chapter 7 - Gabriel

As I’m sitting right next to her, I notice the small communication between Olivia and the bartender. What was that all about? I monitor the bartender as he’s making her the drink she just ordered. Something doesn’t look right. As the bartender pours the orange juice into a glass of ice, I notice that there isn’t any ‘goose’ going into the glass of juice. The bartender brings over the supposed ‘juice and goose’ and I whisper into her ear, “That’s only juice. You know that, right?”
“Yeah, I know.” She’s short with me because I told her I don’t believe her. Nice going Gabriel.
Just then, a black man, who Olivia had introduced earlier as Trevor, stands up and starts tapping his beer bottle with a butter knife, trying to get everyone’s attention. The table quiets down and Trevor clears his throat. Just as he’s about to speak, a group of cops walk in. 
Trevor yells, “The ‘Po Po’ are here.” Everyone looks to the door and the group of off-duty cops, and I can tell because they all look like cops even off-duty, join the table next to the one we’re sitting at and start ordering their drinks. When the drinks arrive, Trevor taps on his beer bottle again to get everyone’s attention.
“Here’s a toast to Olivia. We missed you and we’re so glad to have you back. We love you.” Trevor raises his beer and the rest of the table follows. Some of them say, “Hear, hear.” Then someone at the other end chants, “Speech, Speech, Speech.” It’s the same girl who called to Olivia when we were out in the parking lot. She seems a bit of a hyper person.
Olivia stands up with her drink in hand and says, “Okay, okay. Calm down.”
A slow country song starts to play in the background. That’s eerie. Olivia takes a deep breath, looks over the faces of her friends and co-workers, and their significant others, and raises her glass.
“Here’s to you…. I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for every single one of you. You gave me hope when I didn’t think I had any, and you made sure I had what I needed. Thank you to whoever is cleaning my pool and mowing my lawn, by the way.” There is some chuckling at the table, but no one fesses up to the good deeds. “Thank you, too, to whomever put the microwave and refrigerator in my living room….” Olivia pauses and I can tell she’s getting ready to cry and I watch her swallow to move past the lump in her throat. “I wouldn’t be here today if it wasn’t for ya’ll, especially Rescue 80. I love each and every one of you for all you have done. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to repay you for your love, kindness, and generosity. Thank you.” She takes a sip of her drink and everyone else follows suit. 
After her speech, the table has come down with awkward silence. The reality of whatever happened to her was like an icy wave of water splashing down on everyone. But the hyper blond at the end of the table, because she must have recognized the mood, had to lighten up quickly, stands up, raises her glass, and said, “Ladies…. we have one more toast.”
“Oh, God.” Olivia says, smirking, but looking thankful that there’s a new toast being made.
Smiling, the hyper blond says, “Ladies, stand up. If you know it, recite it. If you don’t…. learn it.”
All the women from the table now stand up, raise their glasses, and say:
“Here’s to the ones that we love. Here’s to the ones that love us. If the one’s that we love don’t love us, fuck them all and here’s to us!” 
I have never heard such a ridiculous toast, but I’m finding this very amusing. I’m sitting here wondering why everyone was so concerned over Olivia and what happened to bring them all here now. Is this something I really want to get involved with? Probably not. Am I? Probably, but not right now. I look at my watch and realize I’m going to be extremely late to dinner at my parent’s house.
Laughter ensues, and the table goes back to a loud chatter and bantering back and forth after the toast. There seems to be a friendly rivalry between the cops and the firefighters, and the banter between them shows it.
“What happened to you?” I whisper to Olivia when I get her attention.
She looks at me like she completely forgot I was here. That’s not a good feeling. A bit of a blow to my ego. “Nothing really important.” 
“Obviously, something important happened. All your friends are toasting you and you almost cried giving your speech there.”
Sighing, she looks at me. “I had a problem with someone. It’s over. No big deal. Piper just tries to make a mountain out of a molehill and like I said, these people will find any reason to party.” She shrugs, trying to blow it off and distract me from the topic.
I can see the lie plain as day on her face. “You’re lying. But if you don’t want to tell me, that’s fine.” Glancing at my watch, I say, “I have to go. I have to meet my family at my parent’s house for dinner.” 
“I’ll walk you out.” she says, standing up. I had a southern upbringing, and it comes out all the time, so when she goes to stand up, I pull out her chair like the gentleman my mother raised.
The hyper blond at the end of the table walks over and sticks out her hand to me. “Hi. I’m Piper, the best friend.” 
Oh, good. The blond is Hyper Piper and the best friend. Shaking her hand, I say, “Gabriel Hughes. Olivia’s…” I look at Olivia. What is she? A friend? An acquaintance? A healer? I can see Olivia is instantly blushing. Smirking, I choose. “Friend, nice to meet you. I understand you met my brother yesterday, Matthew Hughes.”
“Oh… that was your brother? Yes, I met him, he’s…. very…. nice.” Piper says, smiling at me. 
Olivia rolls her eyes. “Of course he was your brother.” 
“Yes. ‘Do boy’ is my brother.” I say with a smile, looking at Olivia and watch as the realization that Matthew had told me her pet name for him makes her blush with embarrassment.
“I’ll be right back. I’m just walking him out to his car.” Olivia changes the subject. I bet she didn’t expect that one to come back to her. Good. Best to keep her off her game…. and maybe get her on her back. I need to chill with the inappropriate thoughts.
“Oh, you aren’t leaving yet, are you? Olivia hasn’t done the karaoke machine or line danced yet.” Piper whines while elbowing Olivia. Karaoke? I’m glad I’m leaving now. I just wish I could take Olivia with me. She doesn’t seem like the karaoke kind of girl.
“I’m not doing karaoke and I don’t dance, Piper. That’s you, and besides, that’s how Vinny gets everyone to leave at closing time. He lets you sing.” Olivia ribs.
“I have a prior engagement and I can no longer stay, but it was nice to meet you, Piper.” I say to Hyper Piper as Olivia starts towards the exit. I catch up and put my hand in the small of her back and I can feel her shiver, again. My hand just fits there perfectly.
As we walk out of the bar and the doors close, the noise level drops about ten decibels and now we’re walking in awkward silence again. I keep my hand in the small of her back. “Why did you order a drink, but only got juice?” I ask to break the silence.
“I have to drive.” she answers.
I can tell she’s hiding something important and not telling me. I don’t like not knowing what’s going on, but I really have no right to, either. I’m not liking the protective way I’m feeling about her. That’s the control freak in me. That trait served me well in the Special Forces. Information is king, in all situations. But why do I care about this girl when there have been many before her and I never thought twice about them? I don’t know this woman from Eve, so why am I feeling the overwhelming urge to protect her from whatever’s caused her friends to help her out and throw her a party? These are foreign thoughts and feelings for me and I’m realizing how uncomfortable I am with them, but I also don’t want to say good night or let her go back inside without me. 
“Thanks for coming in tonight. You didn’t have to. It was nice of you. We could’ve just met at the station if it would have been easier for you. Especially because I was running so late.” She seems like she’s trying to fill the silence between us.
We’re standing next to my car as I hit the button on my key fob to unlock the door, but I don’t open it. I just stand there and curse myself under my breath. Fuck. She just put her hands in her back pockets again. I have got to get out of here…. now! “Can I call you sometime?” I blurt out of nowhere.
“Uh… why?”
I shake my head. “I don’t know why. I just would like to call you. Do I need a reason?” I ask, staring at her eyes and trying to ignore her hands in her back pockets, forcing her breasts out. Keep your eyes on hers. Do not look down for any reason. Crap. I just glanced. Did she notice? I don’t think she noticed.
“I guess not. Take my number down.”
“I have your number. I called you this morning, remember?” I say, smiling.
“Wait. You’re right. How did you get my number? That’s creepy, ya know.” 
“I have my ways, Olivia, and it’s not creepy…. at least not for me. It’s always good to know who you’re dealing with. Information makes the world go around.” And before I know what I’m doing, I’m kissing her on the cheek. I didn’t expect to do that, but her skin tastes so sweet that I instantly crave more of her…all of her. I take a deep breath. “Be careful tonight. I’ll talk to you soon. Good night, Olivia.” 
“Good night, Gabriel.” she says as I climb into my car.


Chapter 8 - Gabriel

“Damn it! What the hell was I thinking? I actually kissed her on the cheek. What is wrong with me?” I’m driving to my parent’s house and talking to myself. I like her a lot. She’s beautiful, smart, and sexy as hell. She also has a whole host of problems of her own. What am I thinking? “I just don’t have time for this.” I affirm to myself.
But do I want to have time for this? Of course I do. As I swerve my Tesla through the island of Palm Beach to the building, La Palmas, where my parents have a penthouse condo overlooking the Intracoastal and the Atlantic Ocean, I keep thinking about her; her smooth pale skin, dark brown eyes, and long brown hair. And her breasts are very distracting, too.
As I pull into a spot in the parking garage of my parents’ building, I decide I’m going to have to scratch this itch. That’s all it is, right? Yes, I will take her out and get her out of my system. She’s abrasive and abrupt and definitely not my type whatsoever, but she’s beautiful and apparently I have a thing for her.
But I need information first. After all, information is king. That’s my motto. I pull out my cell phone and call Olivia, but it goes straight to voicemail. She probably can’t hear the phone over the music at the bar she’s at right now. I don’t want to leave a message. I’ll just call her later. As I enter the elevator, my phone vibrates and I retrieve it out of my sports jacket front pocket, but I don’t recognize the number.
“Hughes.”
“Hey. It’s me. I’m using someone’s phone because mine’s…. incapacitated.” Owen says, sounding guilty as usual.
“Are you kidding me? Stop destroying company property, Owen. This is the third phone you’ve destroyed in as many weeks. I can’t afford you. Now, what’s up?”
“Not much, but I’m not going to make it to Mom and Dad’s. A situation came up in Miami and I’m down here.”
“Anything I need to know about?”
“Not really. A protection detail for some Saudi prince who’s coming in and Miami Police asked for some help with the landing of the inbound flight. I’m just helping a friend, you know… paying back a favor.” 
“Okay. I’ll let Mom and Dad know. They’ll be pissed, you know. You missed dinner last week, too.”
“I know that, but I owe him a favor and he called it in. I’ll make it up to them.” Owen promises.
“Okay. Hey, can you do me a favor? I need some background on someone. Name is Olivia Prescott. She’s a medic in Palm Beach.” I decide on a whim that if I get a background check on her, I’ll find out all her dirty secrets and finally get past her.
“Sure. What’s up? You not feel okay after the accident yesterday?” Owen has concern in his voice.
“No, no, I’m fine. Just heard something happened to her, and I was curious what it was. No big deal if you don’t have time. I can run her the next time I’m in the office.” I really can. It’s stupid to ask him, anyway. It will just pique his interest and he won’t let it go if he thinks he can tease me about it. 
“Hold on a sec. I’ll run her now since I’m on my computer and have about an hour to kill. I’ll see what I can find and send it to your phone.”
“Great. Thanks, bro. I’ll let Mom and Dad know where you are. Keep your head down and stop destroying company property.” I reiterate. Owen is always destroying something. He has since he was a kid. He’s like a literal bull in a china shop.
“Yes, sir.” Owen returns and we both hang up the phone.
∞
I walk into my parents’ penthouse and instantly can smell something delicious cooking… seared tuna. “Mom? Dad? I’m here.”
“We’re in the living room, son.” I hear my father call out as I head towards the kitchen. I pull out a bottle of wine and pour myself a glass before heading to the living room.
“Good evening.” I say to my parents and Matthew.
“Good evening, son. How are you doing?” My father comes over to me and hugs me. He’s become more affectionate as he has aged. It’s something I’m still getting used to, although Matt and Owen don’t seem to notice the change in Dad.
“I’m good, Dad. Owen called. He’s in Miami doing a security detail for some prince who’s flying in and he won’t be able to make it tonight. How are you doing?”
“Oh, that’s too bad. That’s two weeks in a row. That boy needs to schedule himself better. But you’ll be glad to hear that your mother did very well today at therapy, so all is good here. How’s your head?” He looks at my bandage on my forehead.
“I’m fine.” That still makes me smirk, thinking about the pretty medic who put it on me and what seems to be my new catch phrase. My brother’s watching me from across the room. He’s bound and determined to make this more than it is.  
“Dinner’s ready.” Anita, my parent’s housekeeper, announces from the dining room. Anita has been with my parents ever since my mother’s stroke. She’s been a godsend to them and to me and my brothers.  
“Thank you, Anita…. boys? Let’s eat.” Dad says as he wheels my mother to the table.  
As Dad gets Mom settled, Matthew walks over to me. “So, how’s she doing?”
“How’s who doing?” I know I’m playing stupid, but I just don’t care.
“Your little spitfire.”
“You mean Medic Prescott? She seems fine.”
“Did you get your precious USB drive back?”
“Yes.” This conversation is so stupid. “What do you want, Matt?”
“I want you to admit you like her.”
Do I like her? I suppose. She dished out what she took from me. That was refreshing. I can’t seem to stop thinking about her to the point I have Owen doing a background check on her. Fine, I like her. “Fine, Matt. You win. I like her. Happy now?”
Matt stops walking towards the dining table, turns toward me, and looks me in the eye.  “You’re my brother. If you’re happy, I’m happy. You’ve been alone too long, though, and it worries me. All the women you take home for one night will never make you happy. It’s time you started getting serious about your personal life, just like you are about your professional one. The two aren’t balanced and if you don’t get that fixed, you’re going to end up like Mom or Dad. I worry, that’s all.”
I hadn’t realized that my brother was worried about me. He’s right. I’ve had a lot of women in my bed who I’ll never see again. But that’s been on purpose. The business is the most important, but as I see my father help my mother get settled at the dinner table, I think my little brother may be right. “Thanks, Matt. You may be right, but she’s just a medic who bandaged my head, that’s all.”
“You like her or you wouldn’t have gone to get a USB drive that has nothing on it. It’s okay to admit it, Gabriel. She’s beautiful, and she does not know that she is. She’s smart or she wouldn’t be doing what she’s doing, and she doesn’t back down from you, and that’s rare. So as long as she isn’t seeing anyone, you should go for it.”
Taking a deep breath, I nod my agreement at him. “I just asked Owen to do a background check on her.”
“You what? You don’t do background checks on someone you want to date! At least not until you make sure you want to date. What’s wrong with you?”
“She has some issues I couldn’t get her to talk about. Like she was at that bar as the guest of honor, but she wouldn’t tell me why and then they all toasted her and she gave this speech, thanking everyone who was there for helping her out. But I couldn’t get her to tell me what it was all about.”
“So you decide to invade her privacy by doing a background check on her? You don’t know her. Why would you think she’d tell you? Seriously, sometimes, I think you don’t have a clue about the opposite sex.” Matt is shaking his head.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I forgot I was talking to Romeo. I don’t see you going home to anyone either.”
“I still have time. I’m younger than you, brother.” Matt has this stupid grin on his face.
“Only by three years. You don’t have that much time.”
“Boys, are you eating or not?” my mom asks from the dining table. “The food is delicious.”
“Coming.” Matt and I say in unison and sit down.
“So, what’s Owen doing now?” Dad asks. Mom clears her throat. She has never allowed business talk at the dinner table. “Sorry,” Dad apologizes. “Tell me how you two are doing? Matthew, what’s happening with the charity work for the new animal shelter?”
My brother is trying to save the world. He’s now the head of the board of directors for the local no-kill animal shelter. “It’s going good. I think the charity ball will be a huge success.”
“When is it?” I ask to keep the conversation going. Because all my brother and I do is work, we have little to talk about except work.
“In four weeks. Lucy sent in your RSVP already.” He leans over and says, “She included a plus one in case you have anyone in mind.”
I just nod. I don’t need my parents knowing any of this. They’ve been asking when I’m going to settle down for the last few years. I’m not sure about Olivia and all this talk about her is making me nervous. Matthew mentioned I should ‘go for it’ if she’s not seeing anyone. I didn’t even give that a thought. What if she’s seeing someone already? I didn’t see anyone at the bar tonight, but that doesn’t mean she isn’t. Maybe she’s a lesbian. I hadn’t thought about that, either. I don’t think she is, the way she reacted to me whispering in her ear or how she shivered when I put my hand on the small of her back, or even when I kissed her on the cheek. No. I’m pretty sure she’s not a lesbian, but I’m not sure if she’s seeing anyone.  That has me distracted, and I never heard my dad ask me a question.
“Huh?” I look up from the food I’m just pushing around the plate.
“Don’t you like the meal, son?”
“Oh. Yes… yes. It’s delicious.” I take a bite to help prove my point. It is good. Anita is an amazing cook.
“So what has you so distracted?” Dad asks and Mom looks over at me with a crooked smile. Since the stroke, she’s had a difficult time talking, although my dad seems to know exactly what she means by the look on her face or the puff of air she breathes through her nose.
“It’s a work thing.” Matt interjects. “We got a lot of contracts over the last few days and he’s been busy between being overseas and the contracts, right?” He looks over at me.
I smile at him, silently thanking him for not outing me and my thoughts of Olivia to my parents. “That’s right. Works been crazy, but we don’t talk shop at the table. My apologies for being distracted.”
“No need for apologies, son. You’ve been in another country for six weeks and I can remember what it’s like coming back to the office after being out of country for so long. It can be brutal. The world keeps going even though you’ve been out of touch with it. I understand.” He takes a napkin and hands it to my mother as they both finish their dinners. Mom’s got a look on her face because we’re still talking about work. “I know, I know, dear. We’re done eating. We’ll go into the study.” 
Anita comes into the dining room right on cue and takes my mother to wash up. All three of us get up from the table and Matt and I clear the table for Anita. When we’re done, we go into the study, where Dad is lighting up a cigar. He offers one to the both of us, but we decline.
“So how was Syria?” Dad asks between puffs of his cigar.
“Crazy. Those damn kids wouldn’t shut their mouths until I explained that if they didn’t, they weren’t going home on a seat in a plane, but the cargo hold in a box. That seemed to shut them up quickly.”
“What were they thinking?” 
“Don’t think they were, Dad. They have their hearts in the right place, but the kids in this country have no idea how good they have it and do not understand that the rest of the world doesn’t care what they think or that they’re Americans.”
“Well, you did a great job getting them home. Did anyone from the embassy help you?”
“Unofficially. They have their own agenda, but I was able to help them out with a few logistical things in the deal we brokered for the return of the kids, as well.  All parties got what they wanted in this deal and that’s all that they really wanted in the first place.”
“Well, I’m glad you’re home safe. Bad part of the world right now.” Dad turns to Matt. “So what do you have in the pipeline?”
“We have a company that is hiring us to find out who’s embezzling from them. They have their own internal control department, but they want someone from the outside to look into it. I think they suspect someone from that department, so to be safe, they’ve hired us. I’m sending Jonah in on Monday to look into the issue. Other than that, just the same old same old. Gabriel’s got a bunch of contracts to sign. One for a bank I closed on today.”
“Sounds like you guys are busy. So, how do we get Owen back on track? I swear, that boy is completely wild.”
“Dad, he’s helping a friend from Miami police department with the prince who’s flying into Miami International, from Saudi Arabia, I think, and then he should be home. He prefers to work in the field. All this business stuff freaks him out. He’s just not any good at it. Let him do what he likes to do. Besides, he’s great at it.” Matt defends our little brother.
“I know. I just worry.”
“We all do, Dad.” I answer.


Chapter 9 - Olivia

I just ignored a phone call and sent it straight to my voicemail. I’m having too much fun right now and this is the first evening out since the ‘traumatic incident’. I’m having a lot of fun now that the strangeness of Gabriel is gone. Hanging out with friends and Piper and not talking about what happened or work seems to be the best medicine for me.
Trevor brought his girlfriend, Keisha. Well…. he’s not calling her that, but it’s clear on both of their faces. It’s nice to see him happy. Sam, the pilot from the flight this morning, stopped by anyway. I don’t know him too well, but he’s chatting up all the guys about fishing and other man topics. And then there’s Piper. She’s the life of the party. She’s stopping by and talking to everyone who’s at our table. She can talk to anyone about anything…. even fishing. She was born for business. She has managed to talk a couple of medics into taking some of the upcoming flights. She can talk an Eskimo into buying ice from her if she wanted him to.
“Hey there. Why are you so quiet?” Piper asks as she sits down next to me.
“Hey there yourself. I’m just really enjoying this. Thank you.” I say, waving my hand towards the table, showing all the people who came out tonight.
“You are very welcome, my friend. You gave us quite a scare and these people love you. And… I got some more medics on board and Sam’s going to ask some of his pilot friends if they’re interested in picking up some flights. We should be all set. Now I just need more patients to fly around.” Piper is clapping her hands and stomping her feet.
“Glad to hear all that, but what am I going to do?” I’m laughing at her.
“You need to rest. And hopefully, we should get busier this winter with all the snowbirds…” she says, referring to the part-time residents of Florida that only come down during the winter months and then go home, wherever that is, for the hot summer months. “And then you can write or work or teach or whatever it is you want to do. You said yourself that you didn’t want to be a medic forever. So, here’s your chance. Let’s build this business and get rich. Maybe even famous.” 
“Rich and famous working in the medical flight industry? Really? That’s what you’re hoping for? I think you are the one who’s had head trauma.” I smile and shake my head at Piper’s grandiose ideas.
“It could happen. But I don’t want to talk about work. Tell me about your friend.”
“He’s not my friend. I told you, he was a patient of mine yesterday and he dropped a USB drive in my truck. We just met up so I could give it back to him.”
“You could have done that at the station. Instead, you meet him here and bring him inside with you. I’d say he’s not a patient, but more of a friend.” She’s such a sarcastic bitch sometimes.
“Piper. He’s a patient who I’ll never see again. Let it go.”
“Did you give him your number?”
“No. He already had it. That’s how he knew to meet me here. He called me this morning when he found out I wasn’t at the station when he came to pick up the USB.”
“Wait, let me get this straight. He shows up at the station to pick up the USB. You’re not there, so he calls you? How’d he get your number?” Her ears are all perked up now.
“I have no idea.  It’s a bit creepy, isn’t it?”
Piper just looks at me and I swear I can see her brain thinking.  “No. I don’t think it’s creepy, but resourceful.”
“Resourceful? You think he’s resourceful because he got my cell phone number? Are you crazy? It’s not resourceful… it’s creepy.” I argue my point.
“Wow… you’re completely freaked out, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I’m freaked out. Why aren’t you?”
“Olivia, you’re not freaked out that he has your number, you’re freaked out because you like him.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Piper….” I take a deep breath. “Yes, he’s hot. Okay? I admit it, but I don’t like him. He was a complete asshole yesterday and then today. He’s all nice and shit. He’s probably bipolar and we both know that’s the last thing I need in my life.”
“I’m Googling him tonight and you should, too. I’m sure he’s not bipolar.”
“And how would you know that by speaking to him for one minute, Piper? You can’t, just like I can’t believe we’re even having this discussion.”
Piper takes me into a big hug. “I just worry about you and want nothing but the best for you. You know that, right?”
I tighten her hug and then pull away from her. “I know. Look, I need to get going soon. I haven’t seen Brownie in two days. She’s probably going crazy by now.” It’s getting too late to be out and after working yesterday and the flight today…. I’m tired.
“So soon? It’s only…. oh, one in the morning. I get your point. Be careful and call me in the morning.” Piper says, hugging me again so tight, I wince at the small jolt of pain I feel on my side.
“I will. You, too. Lots of drunks are out at this hour on the road.” I warn, and then I wave at everyone at the table “See y’all later. Thanks for coming out tonight. I really appreciate it.”
Lots of people say their goodbyes all at once and return to their conversations. Sam gets up and says, “I’ll walk you out, Olivia.” He’s starting to creep me out a bit. I do not know why, but my creep-meter is going off. I don’t want to be rude to him. I have no reason to, so I nod. “Okay. Thanks, Sam.” I say instead and I turn towards the door and wave at Vinny behind the bar. He waves back at me. Vinny has been so nice to me over the years. I don’t know if I’ve ever really thanked him. I need to make a mental note to do so the next time I’m in here.
Suddenly, I realize Sam has his hand on the small of my back. Why does that feel so inappropriate? Just a few hours ago, Gabriel had his hand there, and it felt amazing, but this just feels very different. I’m not sure I like it.
Sam opens the door to the parking lot for me and returns his hand to the small of my back. Thank heavens I parked the Jeep pretty close. I’m ready to run and not too sure why.
“This is me.” I point to my Jeep. “Thanks for walking me out. I appreciate it, Sam.” I turn to Sam and start walking backwards to the car door. I’m mostly trying to get his hand off of my back without being rude. Sam has always been a nice guy to me, but this definitely feels different from when Gabriel’s hand was there. That felt…. exhilarating, not like now.
“My pleasure, Olivia.” Sam says as he puts his arms out, trying to hug me.
“Whoa, there, Sam. I’m still sore and I’m exhausted. I’ll see you later.” I say as I get into the Jeep.
“Oh. Okay. See ya later, alligator.” he says as he points at me with a ridiculous smile.
“After a while, crocodile.” I say back, having no idea what else to say. That’s a phrase I haven’t used since elementary school.
I start the Jeep and back out of the parking spot. When I look around, I see Sam just standing there, watching me. I politely wave, as I do not know what else to do, and pull out of the parking lot and head home. That was so weird.


Chapter 10 - Gabriel

After dinner with my parents and my brother, Matthew, I head towards my car to go home. My phone rings as I’m getting into the car. Who the hell is calling me at one fifteen in the morning? As I go to answer the phone, it stops ringing. Looking at the call history, I recognize the number, but I can’t place it. Might just be Owen on someone else’s phone because he’s broken yet another cell phone. Just as I’m about to hit the call button to return the call, my phone rings again.
“Hey. What’s wrong?” At this hour, that’s usually why people get phone calls.
“Nothing, why do you always ask me what’s wrong?” Owen replies.
“I ask what’s wrong because something’s always wrong with you. Did you just call me?”
“No. Anyway, I just finished the detail with the prince and wanted to let you know all’s good, but when I went to run that name you gave me, I had a hard time. Apparently, a lot got buried. Who is this girl?”
“Like I said, Owen, she’s just some medic in Palm Beach.” 
“Well… she must have friends in very high places, because it was a bitch getting what little I got. I’ll send it to your phone now. Sorry it took so long, but like I said, it was a bitch to get this much.” 
“Okay. Thanks for doing this for me, Owen. Are you on your way home?” I ask just to be polite, but not really paying attention because now I just want to know more about this intriguing woman who I can’t seem to stop thinking about. Even throughout dinner with my parents and Matthew around, my head was on her the entire time. I just can’t stop thinking about her and that alone is concerning me. This has never happened with anyone else I’ve been involved with. Why her? I just don’t know. 
“Yeah. I’m on my way home. I’ll see ya Monday at the office?” Owen asks, bringing me back to the present.
“Yeah.” I answer and hang up the phone. Just as I do, I receive an email from Owen.
______________________________________________________________________________
To: Gabriel Hughes
From: Owen Hughes
Subject: Olivia Michelle Prescott
Date: July 10, 2015, 01:16 EST
Bro,
Here is all I could find. Sorry, it isn’t a lot. C ya.
O
Name: Olivia Michelle Prescott
DOB: October 12, 1980
Parents: Marvin and Mary Prescott
Occupation: Florida State certified Paramedic, Firefighter, Flight certified
Employer: City of Palm Beach, Firefighter/Paramedic, rank: Lieutenant/Field Training Officer
Employer: Co-owner AOP Medical
Address: 523 Appleton Way, West Palm Beach, FL 33413
Credit rating: 722
Height: 5’4”Weight: 118
Eyes: Brown Hair: Brown
Driving record: Class D–No citations
Criminal record: ***Sealed***
Medical record: ***Sealed***
Litigation: ***Sealed***
______________________________________________________________________________
Why were the records sealed? Usually, Owen can get anything. It would scare most people to know how much of their information is available to anyone willing to put in the effort to retrieve it. So what could have caused her records to be sealed? This is even more reason to let her go and get on with my own life.
Why is this girl in my head? Enough. It’s time to move on. The records are sealed for a reason. Better to stay as far away from her as possible. So why am I driving towards her address at one thirty in the morning? Just to make sure she got home safely, at least that’s what I’m telling myself. Concern over her well-being and that is it.
As I drive up to her address, according to the GPS installed in the car, I check the neighborhood. It seems like mostly nice homes, lawns kept, some toys and bikes out in front of some homes. Street lights are all working and on, no hookers or drug deals going down anywhere visible. Doesn’t mean it isn’t happening, even in this neighborhood, but at least if it is, it’s happening behind closed doors.
As my Tesla approaches Olivia’s house, I realize that all of her lights are on; it’s lit up like Christmas. Her Jeep’s in the driveway, but why is she up at this hour? It’s almost two am. I turn off the headlights to my car as I pull into her driveway. I park behind her Jeep and sit there, staring at her house. All the blinds and curtains are pulled closed, but all the lights are on. “Wonder if everything is okay.” I whisper to myself.
Safety first, so I pull out my hand gun from the back of my belt, checking to make sure it’s loaded, and a round is in the chamber. I kill the engine and climb out. Walking slowly along the driveway to the front porch, but not making a sound, I put my ear up to the door and listen for any sounds, but I hear nothing. Not a sound. My sixth sense is telling me something isn’t right.
I try to look into the front windows, but can’t see anything.  The blinds and curtains are pulled tightly closed. Slowly, I walk around to the side of the house with my gun drawn, but I still can’t see or hear a damn thing through any of the windows. As I’m walking around to the front door, I bump into a garbage can I didn’t see and, of course, the can is metal, so as it falls to the ground, it makes a terrible amount of noise. Crap. That’s a rookie move and even more evidence that this chick is under my damn skin.
Then I hear it. Barking, and lots and lots of barking. Well, if she was asleep, she’s awake now along with the rest of the block. I figure I might as well go to the front door and knock. I still have my SIG Sauer in my right hand, just in case.
“Who’s there?” I hear her shout out the closed door. She sounds terrified, and that hits me in the middle of my chest.
“It’s Gabriel Hughes. Are you okay?”
“Gabriel? Why are you here?” The door’s still closed.
“Olivia. Open the door.” I need to see her. To make sure she’s okay.
I can hear her unlock three locks to her door, and she slowly opens the door. As she does, I notice immediately that her right hand is holding a Glock 9mm gun. The brown dog is still barking like mad.
“Is everything okay?” I ask keeping one eye on the gun in her hand.
“Yes. Why? And why are you here? And how do you know where I live?” She’s shaking so badly that it’s clear in her voice. This is not the type of situation I thought I’d ever be in with her. 
Her eyes go wide and I realize she sees my SIG Sauer in my hand and I can see the pure fear taking over. She becomes so pale; she looks like she might pass out. But then she instantly raises up her gun at my head with her finger on the trigger. She is shaking so badly, the gun is waving back and forth in front of me.
“What the hell do you want?” she screams.
Putting my gun in the waistband on the small of my back, I put up both hands as if I’m surrendering to her. “Whoa, there. I’m not here to hurt you, Olivia. I just drove by and noticed your lights were on and I wanted to make sure you were okay because it’s so late, that’s all. Please put the gun down.” I’m staring at her and can see nothing but fear in her eyes, which is cutting me to the core. What the hell happened to her to make her like this? Suddenly, all I want to do is take away that fear from her.
“How’d’you know where I live?” She’s still screaming.
“I run a security company. High level. I can get pretty much any information I want.” I say as I’m still holding up my hands. “Please put the gun down.”
There’s a tear running down her face and all I want is to kiss that tear away, but she’s still holding a gun on me.
“I don’t know you. How do I know you’re telling the truth?”
“I’m telling you the truth, Olivia. Please put the gun down. Here… I’ll give you my gun. Will that make you feel safer?” I reach behind my back to grab my gun with only two fingers.
She stiffens as I bring out the gun, only holding it with my thumb and index finger. I notice the stiffening and move even slower, handing her the gun. She takes it, but doesn’t put her gun down.
“Open your jacket.” Olivia demands and I do because she’s looking for any other weapons and I want her to feel safe. I also don’t particularly care to be shot today.
“Olivia, I’m unarmed. You either need to put the gun down, shoot me, or I’m going to take the gun away from you.”
She seems to think about this and then takes a deep breath and slowly lowers the gun, but she doesn’t put it down or take her finger off the trigger.
“That’s better. Can I come in? I just want to make sure you’re okay.”
Hesitantly, she opens the front door wider so that I can come in. As I walk, the brown dog stops barking and runs up to me and starts wagging her tail and whimpering. Then the dog licks my hand. I’ve always had a way with animals.
“Hi there. What’s your name?” I ask the dog as if she’s going to answer me. I look up at Olivia’s face as I bend down to pet the dog. “What’s the dog’s name, Olivia?”
Staring at me, she finally says, “Brownie, her name is Brownie.”
“Hi, Brownie. You’re an excellent alarm system, you know.”
“Why are you here, Gabriel?”
“I told you already…. I want to make sure you are okay.”
“I know what you told me, but why are you driving by my house in the middle of the night? You couldn’t possibly live anywhere near here. Why are you hunting down my cell phone number? Why are you coming to the bar for drinks? What do you want from me?”
Standing up, but still mindlessly petting Brownie’s head. I take a deep breath. “I do not know why I’m here, Olivia. I’ve been thinking about you constantly since you bandaged my head and then all throughout my dinner tonight with my parents and brother. I do not know why I’m here, Olivia. I just found myself driving here.” I figure honesty’s the best policy because she’s still holding the gun with a shaking hand.
After a few minutes of just looking at me, she seems to come to some kind of conclusion in her head, although I have no idea about what, and she asks, “Want to sit down?”, pointing to the couch in the living room with the gun as if nothing was out of place.
“Not until you put that thing away. Do you always answer the door with a gun?”
“Do you always drop by stranger’s homes in the middle of the night?” she snaps back at me. She’s right. It is an ungodly hour to be popping by someone’s house uninvited.
“Touché,” I agree with a smirk on my face and my hands up in my defense. 
Olivia walks to the living room and puts the gun down on the coffee table. I finally look around and notice the homey house she’s built. Mediterranean in originality, Mexican flooring, light beige walls with a too large for the living room sectional sofa in a mocha color. Every light is on in the house. I sit down on the sofa as she sits at the opposite end of the couch, but with the gun within easy reach for her. She’s wearing pajama pants and a tank top with her hair down.  She looks amazing.
In the corner of the living room is a make-shift kitchenette with a microwave, mini fridge, and a coffeemaker. There’s a table with some groceries on it. I silently wonder what’s wrong with the kitchen.
“So… what’s up?” Olivia asks to obviously break the awkward silence in the room. Brownie has curled up on her dog bed in the corner of the room.
“Not much. Just this girl pulls a gun on me, but the rest of the day has been pretty much the same old, same old. You?”
“What did you mean when you said you do high-level security?” Olivia asks, ignoring my attempt at a joke.
“My company does things the government either can’t or won’t do because of political reasons or private security for highly visible or wealthy people.”
“Your company? As in you own your own company? What’s it called?”
“Hughes International is the name of the company. I own it with my brothers.”
“You said ‘brothers’. More than one?”
“Yes. You have met Matthew. I think you called him ‘Do-boy’,” I say with a smirk. “And Owen. He mostly works in the field.”
“Do you see a lot of danger?” 
“Yes.”
“Is that why you thought you could’ve taken my gun away from me?” 
“Yes, but I know I could’ve. You gave away your weakness. You were shaking. You’ve never fired that thing, have you? Is it even loaded?”
 “No, it’s not loaded. How can you tell I’ve never shot it before?” she whispers.
“Your stance was wrong. Also, you were too close to me, and I have trained on how to disarm someone. I can show you sometime, if you’ll let me. I can take you to a range and give you some tips.” What am I doing? Offering to take her to the gun range? Really? This girl is way too under my skin and I barely know her. And she could very well be psychotic, for all I know. She did just answer the door with a gun, for crying out loud. You don’t need this, man.
“Thank you for the offer.” She answers.
I can see the strain on her face, in her eyes. She’s battling some kind of demon. I wish I knew what that demon was, but she doesn’t seem to be in the talkative mood right now.
“What’s tomorrow…. uh… today? Saturday? Are you working today?” I ask.
“No. I’m on shift tomorrow. Sunday.” she says as she turns to look at the clock at the bottom of the cable box. That’s when I see the eight-inch pink and puffy scar from her ear to her collarbone. The scar’s recent, very recent. I’ve had many inflicted on me in my life and I guess this one is only a few months old.
“What happened to your neck? Does that have anything to do with your party tonight?” I ask, but not too sure she’s going to answer me. I could tell she’s struggling to hide the scar, not realizing I could see it. Just the sight of it makes me angry in ways I have never been before. I’m struggling to stay in my seat. I just want to hold her; tell her everything is going to be okay.
“It’s nothing. Just a minor mishap,” she answers, trying to cover it up with her long hair. She stands up. “Do you want any coffee or water?”
“Olivia, if you don’t want to tell me, then don’t, just don’t lie to me, either. Thank you for the offer, but I really need to go. I really did just stop by to make sure you’re okay.” I stand up and start walking towards the door to leave.
“You don’t know me well enough to talk to me like that in my own home. And you’re right, I don’t want to tell you. I…. just don’t. It’s none of your business or concern.” She says as she follows me to the door. She moves in front of me and starts to open the door when I put both my hands on her shoulders and she stills. “I’m sorry,” I whisper in her hair. God, her hair smells so good.
She stills under my touch, and I can feel her shiver again. The feeling of my hands on her is making me hard, and this just isn’t the right time for this. I breathe in, inhaling the scent of her hair again. I don’t know her, but I decide I really want to.
 “You were checking on me. That was a nice gesture. I’m sorry I pulled my gun on you.” she says, still with her back to me, but my hands are still on her shoulders. I inhale more of her sweet smelling hair and then turn her around in the small space between me and the front door. I keep my hands on her shoulders and look into her brown eyes.
“Don’t apologize. You were protecting yourself. That was smart,” I tell her looking nowhere but in her eyes. Then my thumb gently touches her scar. “I am sorry that whatever caused this ever happened to you to begin with.”
“You should go.” She says as she makes no move to open the door.
Staring into her eyes and my hands on her shoulders, I sigh again. “Let me take you out to lunch today. Please. I do not know what it is about you, but I would really like to see you again.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Gabriel. I have a lot going on right now. This just isn’t the right time for me.”
“Please, Olivia.” I plead, still having my hands on her and still only looking into her eyes. 
She takes a deep breath and, not breaking eye contact, says, “I have to go to the hangar and do some work today. But I can meet you someplace afterward. Where would you like to meet?”
“I’ll pick you up at the hangar around one.” I tell her and then I kiss her cheek again just like I did in the parking lot earlier in the evening. I pull her away from the door, open it, grab my gun off the table by the front door, and walk out. She stands there and I can feel her eyes watching me walk to my car. I turn around. “Lock your door, Olivia.” I sound like I’m ordering her to do this task, but I just feel this overwhelming sense of…… something towards her and I can’t seem to help it. She closes the door and I hear the click of all the locks. I climb into the Tesla and drive away. What the hell just happened?


Chapter 11 - Olivia

“Hey. What’re you doing here so early?” Piper asks as she walks into the office inside the hangar of AOP and sees me in the storage closet, refilling the medical bag from the flight the day before. I’m still having flashbacks to that difficult patient.
“I have a date and I have to finish this before then.” I tell her.
“With the tall drink of water from last night?” Piper squeals exuberantly.
“He showed up at my house last night and I pulled a gun on him.”
 “And he still wants to take you out? Nice.” She puts her computer bag down next to the desk in the office. “Can I ask why you pulled a gun on him?” She asks me like she’s asking if it will rain or not.
“He showed up at two in the morning. Wouldn’t you?”
She makes a face like she’s pondering the question. “Yes, I suppose I would. Why’d he come by so early… er… late?”
“He says he was checking to make sure I got home okay. Is that weird? It sounds weird in my head, but it didn’t feel weird… at least once I put the gun down.”
“If it didn’t feel weird to you, then so what? That’s all that matters, right?” she says as she sits down at the desk and starts up her computer.
“I suppose. It’s just, suddenly, so much is happening at once and so fast. You know?” I stop refilling the medical bags and stare off into space.
Piper turns in her chair, giving me her full attention. “Like what? You went back to work, and a guy asked you out. Really? That’s fast for you? No wonder you’re still single at this age.” This is her typical way of breaking things down, so they end up sounding as simple as they really are. “Lighten up, Olivia. Just go where the flow takes you. You had a couple of really awful months. They’ve passed. Let them be and move on. This is what you wanted, right?”
“I guess. You’re right. I just keep playing it over and over in my head why Marc did what he did. I just feel like I shouldn’t move on until I know, but I never will, will I?”
She shakes her head. “No, sweetie, no one will ever know why or what that madman was thinking or what made him decide he needed to do what he did to you. At least until you stopped him. Remember that. You stopped him. You protected yourself. You’re the victim, the survivor, and the hero in this story. No one else. You’re here and that’s all that matters now. Just you.” She’s looking directly into my eyes to emphasize her point.
“I love you, too, Piper.” I say, smiling. I stand up, walk over to where she’s sitting at the desk, and hug her as tight as I can.
“So tell me about this tall drink of water. What’s his story?”
“Well, I don’t know much. His name is Gabriel. He owns a security company with his three brothers, and he has ways to get my information, like my phone number and address. That’s all I know.”
“He is a resourceful one for being able to get that information, isn’t he?” Piper states the obvious.
“I suppose, but for some reason, that doesn’t bother me.” It really doesn’t. Maybe it should, but it doesn’t.
“You say that like there is something that’s bothering you, though, so what is it?”
“Piper, I’m just not sure. I feel tingly whenever we touch, and he is smoking hot to look at, but I have so much going on in my life and I’m trying to get back to whatever is normal…. I don’t know. I’m just not sure, ya know?”
“Sweetie, you have always been this way with men. You analyze it to the point that you drive the guy away. Stop analyzing it and just enjoy the moment you’re in. It’s okay to be happy, Olivia. It really is.”
“I know that and I’ve been happy, you know, except for the last few months, but I have been a happy person. But when Gabriel’s around…. I don’t know. I feel different.”
“Do you like feeling like that?”
“That’s a good question. I don’t know. Man, I sound so wimpy, don’t I? Well, whatever happens today, we should know more after my lunch date, won’t we?”
“Yes, we will.”
“Okay, enough about me. Where’s Alana?” I ask as I return to the supply closet to finish refilling the medical bag.
“I have no clue. For the last few months, she’s been scarce. She’s been unreachable some days, and then others she’s around, but her mind hasn’t been on work. I’m not sure what’s going on with her and she either ignores my questions about it or she just tells me everything is fine. I do not know what’s going on, but it’s not like her.”
I’m concerned now. Alana has some secrets she’s keeping from us, and it’s her own prerogative to do so, but this is outside the norm for her. “Maybe something’s going on at the shelter where she’s working?”
“I do not know. I’ve just been leaving her alone so she can deal with whatever’s going on with her. I just wish she’d let us help if we can or at least talk to us so we can support her in whatever’s going on.”
“Yeah. Me, too.” I say to Piper, but I’m making a mental note to call her this evening to check on her, just in case she needs an ear or a shoulder.
Changing the subject suddenly as only Piper can do, she asks, “How’s Brownie and your parents? I haven’t seen them lately.”
“Everyone’s good, although Brownie’s not too happy I’ve gone back to work. She’d much prefer me being home all the time.”
“I bet. So, are you going to sleep with him?”
“Who?”
“What do you mean ‘Who’? Gabriel…. your lunch date for today?” Piper says with a lot of exasperation in her voice.
“Are you crazy? I’m not sleeping with him…. especially on the first date.”
“I think you should. It’d do you good. It’s been too long for you.”
“I am not having this conversation with you.”
“Chicken.” Piper retorts. I don’t want to have this conversation with her because she’s absolutely right. It’s been forever for me, and for her, too, but that’s no reason to jump in bed with the next guy I see. Besides, I’m not too sure how I’m going to handle allowing anyone to see me and my scars. Both physical and mental.


Chapter 12 - Gabriel

As I park in the lot next to the hangar where Olivia’s medical flight company is based out of, I realize I’m fucking nervous. I’m never nervous. My heart is racing and my stomach is doing flip-flops. Shaking my head, I’m trying to figure out what it is about this girl that I can’t stop thinking about her. I look in the rearview mirror and start talking to myself. “Just lunch and that’ll be it. No more. Just get her out of your system and move on.” I’m not sure if I’m trying to convince myself or the nervous guy in the mirror.
I take a deep breath and get out of the car and walk towards the entrance of the hangar. The hangar houses one Lear jet that has the AOP Medical insignia on it and the plane’s identification letters. The hangar isn’t too big, not as big as Hughes International’s, but big enough that if there was a second plane, it could fit easily.
The floors are clean and shiny and the office that’s located to the left of the large hangar door is labeled ‘AOP Medical’. I head towards the door, but through the window, I can see Olivia’s friend, Piper, sitting at the desk. We make eye contact through the window and she motions for me to come in.
“Hi there. Olivia’s doing some things in the back. She should be right out. Want some coffee or water?” Piper offers me as she stands up and leans against the side of the desk she was sitting at. She has a defensive stance already. Great.
“No, thank you. I’m fine.” I tell her as I sit in one of the guest chairs in front of the desk. Suddenly, I feel like I’ve walked into an interrogation. I’ve interrogated my fair share of scumbags in my time in the military. This woman is trying to intimidate me by just staring at me, but she’s an amateur. I’ll give her credit for not backing down on my stare, though. She seems to hold her own. I like that.
She pushes off of the side of the desk and sits back down behind it, trying to take the dominant role here. She clears her throat. “Look. I don’t know you from Adam, but I’ll tell you that Olivia is a very smart, wonderful, and special person and she’s been through more shit in the last six months than most people have in their entire lifetime. Don’t hurt her, don’t get her hopes up if you plan to walk away, and don’t underestimate her… or me.” 
Apparently, instead of an interrogation, I’ve walked into an inquisition. I just stare at Piper over the desk. Then, to take control of this ridiculous conversation, I casually cross my legs, sit back in the chair, and look her directly in the eye. “If she’s as smart as you say she is, and you feel you still need to give this little speech to me….it sounds like you’re the one who’s underestimating her.”
Piper just looks at me, and then slowly nods her head, then smiles. “Just know that many people care for her and you’d do well to remember that. I’ll go get her.” She slowly gets up from the desk and walks down a hallway and through a door at the end.
I take a long, deep breath. What the hell are you doing here verbally sparing with this woman? I can hear the two women chatting from down the hall and I turn to see Olivia and Piper walking towards me. Shit, Olivia looks amazing. She’s wearing an emerald green dress and sandals. Her hair is down and flowing around her shoulders. The scar on her neck isn’t visible…. it must be something she’s self-conscious about. I’m going to have difficulty getting through lunch…. and just lunch. ‘Just lunch’ is going to be my internal mantra today.
“Hi there.” Olivia says as she walks into the room.
“Hi there,” I respond instantly, standing up and kissing her on the cheek, my ingrained manners taking over.
“Sorry to keep you waiting. I had just one more thing to do before we left. Thanks for waiting.”
“The wait was worth it. You look beautiful. Shall we?” I wave my hand towards the office door.
“Thank you, yes.” she says and then turns to Piper. “I refilled all the bags, paperwork has been submitted, and the plane’s stocked up. When is Alana going to be back?”
“She should be back tonight. I’ll have her call you once she’s in.”
“Great. Thanks, Piper. I’ll talk to you later.”
“You got it. Talk to you tonight and you two have fun.” Piper says as we walk out of the door into the hangar. Olivia waves at her, but I just ignore her.
“I don’t think your friend likes me too much.” I say as we walk through the hangar and I instantly place my hand on the small of her back. She just shivered again. If this slight gesture makes her shiver like that, I can only imagine what else I could do to her and her reaction to it. I have to get my head out of my ass and stop thinking like that. Just lunch, just lunch, just lunch.
“Piper likes everyone. She fakes it pretty good, though, when she wants you to think she doesn’t. Piper doesn’t bite. She’s all bark.” Olivia says, smiling. “How’s your head? Have you changed the bandage like I told you?”
“Yes, Lieutenant Fire Fighter Paramedic Olivia Prescott. I have followed your orders to a T.” 
“I think you’re mocking me. You’d do well to remember my medical skills, Mr. Hughes.” she replies, her eyebrows raised. “As a medic, I’m the one who decides the size of the needle and the voltage of the shock.”
“Now that would be the second time in the last half hour I have been told that I’d do well to mind my P’s and Q’s.” I say as I open the passenger side door of my favorite car, my Tesla, for her to get in. She’s smiling as she climbs into the car.
Damn…. I’m already hard. I’m screwed.
∞
As we drive out of the airport parking lot, Olivia looks out the window and I look to see what she’s looking at. It’s a homeless person sitting on the sidewalk with his back against the building. He’s dirty and his clothes are ragged. Next to him is a shopping cart filled to the brim with all his earthly belongings.
“Pull over.” She blurts out.
“What’s wrong?” I ask as I pull the car to the side of the road. Maybe something’s wrong with the guy and she needs to do some paramedic thing to him…. I do not know.  
As I put the Tesla in park, Olivia opens the passenger side window as she pulls out her wallet.
“Nothing’s wrong. I just need to give this man some money.” she says as she goes through all the bills in her wallet and pulls out a twenty. 
She calls the homeless man over to the car and as the homeless man heads towards the car window, I say in a hushed tone, “That is a twenty, not a single. You know that, right?” but she just ignores me. The homeless man walks over to the car and Olivia hands him the money. The man looks at the money and then at Olivia and says, “Bless you. Thank you. Bless you.”
“You’re welcome, but make sure to drink some water. You look a bit dehydrated. This Florida heat will sneak up on you.”
“Thank you. Bless you.” he says again, smiling at Olivia and showing his degraded teeth. The man then walks back to his worldly possessions and hides the money away and sits back down against the building.
“Be safe.” She says to the man as she rolls up the window. She looks at me and says, “Okay. Let’s go.”
I put the car in gear and pull into traffic. “You know many people aren’t really homeless and actually make a lot of money based on the sympathy of others. How do you know that he’s not one of those people?”
“Does he look to you like a con man? Everything he owns is in that cart. And you may have missed it, but he wasn’t begging for money. He was minding his own business. He wasn’t expecting the kindness I offered it. There’s a difference.”  
She sounds defensive, but her heart is huge. After everything that she sees in her job, you’d think she’d be jaded by now, but she’s not. “You gave him a twenty. Why?”
“Just because.”
I look at her and then back at the road. “Why, Olivia?”
“He’s homeless, I’m not, isn’t that reason enough? Everything he owns is in that shopping cart. He doesn’t need what little I can ‘spare’,” she says, using air quotes. “But as much as I give. That’s the largest denomination I had.”
Right then, I knew I’m in big trouble here.
∞
As I pull into the restaurant by the ocean, I look at her. “I hope you like this place. Have you ever been here?”
“No. I’ve seen it as we had driven by in the rescue truck a few times, but I’ve never been.” She says. 
She climbs out of the car. “Allow me.” I race around the car to help her out. Again with my manners. I close her door and place my hand on the small of her back and guide her to the front door of the restaurant. We’re seated all the way in the back at one of the three tables overlooking the beach. The ocean water is dark blue and the waves are crashing onto the beach in a slow rhythm. It’s a perfect setting… for what, I’m not sure of, but it’s nice.
“Nice table.” She says as she sits down and places her napkin in her lap. 
“It has a beautiful view.” I say, but as she looks up at me to agree, she realizes I’m not talking about the view out the window, but I’m looking at her. She blushes.
The air between us is quiet and its feeling awkward. I’m not too sure what to say exactly. It’s been so long since I’ve actually asked someone out to lunch. Dinner is my thing, and usually it’s only for fuel for the evening and both parties are aware of the end goal. But with Olivia…. things are different. I wish I understood why. I’m hating this silence.
I look up at Olivia, and she takes a deep breath. “Okay… I can’t…”
The waitress decides right then to walk up and ask for our order. “Allow me?” I ask.
“Sure.” Olivia nods.
I order grilled salmon, steamed vegetables, and white wine for both of us and as the waitress writes the order, she’s repeats it to me and then smiles.
The waitress never looks at Olivia. Olivia rolls her eyes and I smile at that gesture. When the waitress finally walks away, I turn my attention to Olivia. “What were you about to say? You can’t…. what?”
She seems to take a second to get her thoughts together. “Look. I don’t do fancy restaurants; I am not loaded by any stretch of the imagination. I’m a public servant. I don’t even know which one of these forks to use. I hate dating and I totally suck at it. I truly do. I’m just going to lay it all out there and…. well, that’s that.” She blurts it all out.
I just look at her, saying nothing. I don’t even blink. I’m just staring at her. When she says nothing, I smile, “Well…. lay it all out, then.”
“Okay, then…. well, I’m 25, close to my parents and my brother, Justin. I’ve been a medic for a long time. I love…. I mean really love my job. It takes up most of my time. I…. I hate hip-hop, I only like some rock, and I’m a redneck, so I live for country music. I have a dog. You have already met her, Brownie. What little time I’m not working, I enjoy spending with her…. I’ve dated and I suck at it…. I’ve already said that, haven’t I?” She fusses with some of the silverware on the place setting in front of her. “I have a lot of issues and I’m sure some women do, but because my issues belong to me, mine are the ones that matter to me. I work in a field dominated by men, which means I get hit on a lot or flirted with. Many men can’t handle that. My best friends are my business partners and we worked really hard to get AOP Medical to where it is today. I don’t have time to date, I don’t have time to coddle, and I do not have time for messiness. So as you can see, this, whatever this is…” She wiggles her finger between us. “Will not work.” Olivia stops talking and takes a deep breath and looks out the window, just waiting for me to say something.
After a couple of quiet moments thinking about all she said, and wondering if I’m completely wasting my time, I look up at her. “Is that it? Are you done with your little speech?” 
Olivia takes another deep breath and says, “Yes… er...no. I’ve also had some really shitty shit happen in my life lately, if you couldn’t guess by now, and I will not talk about it, but you should know that I’m damaged goods.” She looks at me dead in the eye and just stared, almost daring me to challenge her.
“Well. That was a wonderful speech. How long did you rehearse that this morning? Or did you come up with all that on the fly?” I ask with an amused look on my face. “Olivia, look at me.” I wait until she turns her head and looks at me. “I don’t care if you are dirt poor or have more money than me. I don’t care what you do for a living, although I respect and admire people who do what you do. I don’t care what’s happened to you in the past. Well, I do because it’s affected you, but it doesn’t matter to me. I do care that you don’t want to tell me, but I understand that we’ve just met and you’re not ready to trust me with that information…. yet…. but I want you to. I don’t enjoy dating either. It’s like a job interview. Everyone’s on their best behavior and the genuine person doesn’t actually come out until long into a relationship…. usually once it’s too late.” She turns to look out the window again, but I put my finger under her chin and turn her towards me so we are face-to-face. I can feel a spark through that bit of contact and it scares the shit out of me, but I’m drawn to her.
“I’m very close with my parents as well. In fact, we have dinner at least once a week. I have two brothers, Matthew aka ‘Do-Boy’….” I smile at that phrase Olivia used to refer to my brother. “And Owen, who you’ve not met… yet. I like some rock, some country, but prefer jazz. I think better with it on. I have no pets, but pets love me. And doesn’t everyone have issues? I own my business with my brothers and we’ve worked very hard, too, to get it where it is today. I won’t lie to you. It’s a dangerous job at times as well, but we do it to help people. Just as you do.”
She gives me a small smile. “Is that it?” she asks, using the words I said to her.
“No,” I answer. “I do not know which fork to use either.”
She laughs. This must have not been what she expected me to say. Suddenly, the awkwardness seemed to have dissipated between us.
“One more thing…” I say in a deeper and hushed voice. “I don’t like that you would flirt, harmless or not, with anyone but me. That may sound absurd and jealous and way out of line at this moment, but I don’t share and I like for what’s mine to be mine. I make sure everyone around me knows what belongs to me and to keep their hands to themselves.”
Just then, the waitress brings out the food and places it in front of us.
“Looks good, huh?” I ask with a smile on my face as if I hadn’t just tried to lay claim to her.
Olivia looks at me with a confused look on her face, then looks at the food in front of her and says, “Yes. It does.”
“Is there anything else I can get for you?” the waitress asks me, completely ignoring Olivia again…. I’ll have to talk to management about that. 
“That’s all.” Olivia says, dismissing her. The waitress can’t help but look at Olivia now, smile with a meaningless smile, and walk away. Maybe I don’t have to talk to management about it after all. I smile with pride.
“Eat.” I say, pointing at her food with one of my forks.
“One more thing...” Olivia says, matching my tone. “I don’t belong to anyone. Never have and never will. I’m not yours. You should know that.” Then she stabs the salmon with one of the many forks she had at her place setting.
“We’ll see.” I answer.
∞
The conversation was fluid and relaxed after that. I’m finding that I’m truly enjoying her company. As we walk out of the restaurant, I place my hand on the small of her back. I love I can feel her shiver a bit every time I touch her. I wonder how she would react if I touched her in other places. “Shit,” I mumble. 
“What’s wrong?” Olivia looks at me with a wrinkled brow.
“Nothing, just thought of something I forgot to do yesterday.” I lie. I have to watch what I’m thinking. I open the door on the passenger side for her to slip in and then close the door. When I get in the car, a thought comes to me. “Why don’t you date?”
“Just don’t.”
“Olivia. You’re on a date with me, so…. why don’t you date?” I ask as I sit looking at her without starting the car.
Olivia just stares at me. After a few moments, she says, “Yes. I suppose I’m on a date with you. So I suppose I do date…. a little.” She then turns to put her seatbelt on and looks out the front window. 
I continue staring at her. “Do you always contradict what you say, or is this something you only do with me?” I ask with a hint of a smile on my face as I buckle my seatbelt, too.
“I just don’t care to date very much. It has disadvantages I don’t care for.”
“Like what?”
Olivia turns in her seat as much as the seatbelt will allow and faces me head on and says, “No one ever stays.” Then she smiles and turns to face forward again.
I nod my head because she’s right. She has issues, though. “Would you like to go for a walk along the intra-coastal?” I ask as I start the engine. I’m not ready to end this date yet. The strip of water that flows between the mainland and the island of Palm Beach has an excellent view of the Palm Beaches and downtown West Palm Beach. The boats that travel the intra-coastal could travel all the way south to the Keys or all the way north to Maine. 
“I have to get back to the hangar. I have a few more things to do and then I need to get home. I’ve not spent much time with my dog the last few days with work and the flight I did yesterday, not to mention the party last night.”
“I’d like to spend some more time with you, Olivia. How can I do that? You know, besides showing up at your house in the middle of the night.” I ask. I’m pulling out of the parking lot and heading towards the airport. “What are you doing tomorrow?”
“I’m on shift tomorrow. I work 24 hours on and 48 hours off. So I basically work every third day except on my Kelly days.”
“What’s a Kelly day?”
“It’s when my shift day falls on a certain day of the week. When it does, I get a paid day off. It’s helping compensate for the overtime hours we work so we don’t get burned out from the job. It also helps to allow people to plan vacations and such.” Olivia explains.
“What day is your Kelly day?” 
“Wednesdays.”
“So this Wednesday, you’re off?” I ask as I look at her when I come to a stop at a light.
“If I don’t have a flight, yes, I think I am. I won’t know until Tuesday night, though. Why?” 
I slowly take her hand and intertwined my fingers with hers. “I’m not sure why, but I know I want to spend more time with you. Today just isn’t enough for me.” Olivia just stares at my hand holding hers, but doesn’t say a word. “I really like you, Olivia. What’s going on in your head? What are you thinking?”
“You should know something.” That’s when I got a sinking feeling in my stomach. Sentences that started like that are never very good. 
“What?” I can hear the apprehension in my voice.
Olivia waits a moment and takes a deep breath. “I like you, too, Gabriel, but….” She pauses. “I have a lot of issues and have been through a lot of crap in the last few months. I don’t expect you to understand, but I’m just not ready to get involved with anyone right now. I have to work through some of this stuff. Maybe if this was a different time, this would’ve worked, but right now…. it’s not. I’m sorry.” Olivia keeps looking out the front window and tries to extricate her hand from mine, but I just hold on.
“I don’t care what your issues are, Olivia. I want to spend time with you.”
Olivia turns to look at me as I pull into the parking lot of the hangar. She smiles at me with an unusual smile, like she knows a secret and she isn’t going to share it with me.
“Well…. we don’t all get what we want, now do we? That’s a sweet thought though, but I just don’t think so. Not now. I enjoyed lunch, though. It was delicious. Thank you.” This time, when she tries to pull her hand away, I let her go. She’s warning me, and I should probably heed that warning.
Olivia smiles and releases her seatbelt. “Wait, I’ll get your door.” I release my seatbelt and easily climb out of the car and come around to her side of the vehicle. When I open the door, I offer her my hand and she takes it as she gets out of the car. There’s that electricity thing again.
I close her door and then pull her to me as I walk us both against the car. I put one hand on the nape of her neck and the other against her cheek. I just look at her. Her eyes look up at me. 
“Olivia. I’m going to kiss you and then you can tell me you don’t want to see me again.”
I lean down to her and stop just as my lips are about to touch hers. I look into her eyes, almost asking permission. When she seems to say yes with her eyes, I softly kiss her.


Chapter 13 - Olivia

It is the softest kiss I’ve ever felt. His lips move on mine like silk and he tastes so masculine. I don’t want to stop, but I know I have to or I’ll get lost in him. That would not be good. Not now anyway. As I pull away slowly, I instantly feel a loss. How can a kiss become so addicting immediately, almost as bad as a cocaine hit?
“Now do you want to tell me you don’t want to see me again?” he whispers to me. He still has his hand on my nape and on my cheek. I don’t want to tell him goodbye, but I don’t want him mixed up on my issues, either. It’s not fair to him. He has no idea what he’s asking for.
“Thank you for lunch” is all I can say. He sighs heavily and pulls me to him and just holds me. After a couple of seconds, I feel the urge to put my arms around his waist. I can feel how muscular he is. His chest, where I’m laying my head, is rock hard. He sighs again and we just stand there.
“I’m going to call you tonight. I promise I won’t stop by in the middle of the night….” he says, referring to the night before when he stopped at my house at 1:30 AM. “But I’ll call you. Will you take my call; will you talk to me? Let me show you that you can trust me with whatever’s going on. Let’s just take this one day at a time. See what happens.”
I don’t know if I’ll take his call, but I couldn’t say I wouldn’t. Having him hold me feels warm and so…. right. I instantly feel safe and that’s something I haven’t felt in a long time. Suddenly, confusion sets in and I pull away from him. Gabriel puts both hands on my cheeks and holds my head in front of him. “I don’t know what it is about you, but….” He just stares at me.
I look at him and nod. I understand what he means. “I’ll talk to you later, then.” he says as he lets me go. As I walk away from him, I feel exposed again. How can someone I don’t know make me feel suddenly safe when my partner, who I thought I knew inside and out, spent many nights saving lives, living and breathing together, tried to kill me? I felt safe with Marc at one point, too. Therefore, you don’t date, I scold myself.
I turned to open the door to the office in the hangar and I can hear Gabriel’s car start. Suddenly, I can’t wait for him to call. 
∞
“So…. how’d it go?” Piper asks excitedly over the phone the second I answer it.
“Good. He took me to a fancy restaurant on the water, we had fish, we talked, and then I told him I’m just not in a good place to start anything now, but maybe later.” I tell her while I squint my eyes, knowing she’s about to blow up at me.
“You said what?” Piper yells.  
“Don’t yell at me, Piper. It’s what’s best for all involved right now. Besides, he’s a bit intense for me.”
“No, it’s not what’s best for all involved, Olivia. You need to get yourself out there and enjoy life. What the hell are you going through that would take up so much of your time that you can’t see someone, even casually? Huh? Nothing, that’s what!”
“Piper. I’m don’t need to explain any of this to you. And stop pushing me. I’m. Not. Ready. Period, end of discussion. Now, I’m in my driveway and I’m going inside to enjoy the rest of the day with my dog. I love you, but enough already.” I can feel that I’m turning red. My blood pressure must be high right now.
“Olivia, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to push, but if someone doesn’t push you, you will never jump.”
“Apology accepted. Have a great rest of the day, Piper.” And I hang up the phone. I know she means well, but seriously. I have spent the last four months curled up in the fetal position, trying to mentally and physically heal from what Marc did, and now I’ve just jumped back into life as if nothing happened. Although I feel ready to be at work, I’m just not ready for everything to happen all at once.
I climb out of my Jeep and head towards the front door. I can hear Brownie barking like mad at me to hurry and unlock the door. As I turn the knob, she bursts out the door and heads straight to the grass and pees.  
“Sorry I was gone so long, girl. When you’re done, wanna go to the dog park?” As I say the words ‘dog park’, she is running straight to the Jeep to get in.
“Not yet. Get inside and let me change.” Brownie runs straight into the house and starts barking excitedly as I change into my shorts and put on some sneakers. I grab her collar and leash, and we head out for a fun afternoon together.  I love this dog.


Chapter 14 - Gabriel

As I pull out of the airport parking lot, my cell phone rings over the speakers of my car. I push the phone button on the steering wheel. “Hughes.”
“Hey, it’s me. You alone?” asks Matthew, my brother.
“Yeah. What’s up?”
“I just got off the phone with Owen. I’m sending him to Casa de Familia….” he says, referring to our family home in a small village between Cancun and Playa del Carmen Mexico. “I just got a call from the parents of some college kids who have gone missing on a trip down there. He’s heading to Cancun and will meet up with some guides down there. He’ll call when he’s in country.”
“Does he know anyone on the inside who can assist?”
“Yeah. He has a buddy from the service who’s down there. He’ll meet up with him and let us know the plan once one has been established.”
“Okay. Good.”
“On another note, did you get this girl thing out of your system?” 
I take a deep breath as I pull into the parking lot of my condo building on Palm Beach, close to my parents’ home. “No, I haven’t.”
“Don’t tell me…. you like her.” Matthew comments with a laugh.
“What are you doing tonight? Wanna have dinner?” I ask, ignoring Matthew’s unnecessary comment.
“Sure. What time?”
“7:30. I’ll pick you up.”
“See ya then.” 
I hang up and get in the elevator to my condo. With the dinner last night, seeing Olivia at Sideways, then again at her home, and lunch today, I have gotten little work done in the last few days. Which is just as well…. I need something to get my mind off of her.


Chapter 15 - Olivia

Saturday night came and went, and Gabriel never called. “I don’t know why you got your hopes up, girl…. you know better, right, Brownie?” Brownie just cocks her head to the side and perks her ears up like she didn’t understand the question. 
Now it’s Sunday morning and time to get ready for shift. I sit down on the couch to put on my work boots. I have one boot on when suddenly, Brownie starts barking and wagging her tail at the front door. Quickly grabbing my gun in my right hand, I stand up and slowly limp with one boot on to the front window to see what Brownie’s so excited over. I see Gabriel walking up my driveway in jeans and a polo type shirt, holding a bouquet of flowers. I take a deep breath and walk away from the window and unlock the front door, putting the gun on the table. 
 “Great…. just what I need before shift.” I say to myself as I go to open the door when Brownie pushes on the door and bolts towards Gabriel, wagging her tail as fast as it can possibly go. The dog then runs back to the front door, then back to Gabriel, as if saying, “hurry…… she is right there.”
I look at Brownie and say, “Et tu, Brute?”
“Good morning, Lieutenant Firefighter Paramedic Prescott…. you look beautiful today.” Gabriel says with a wide smile that almost looks fake. Almost.
“Good morning, and I’m wearing my uniform and one boot. Which part is the beautiful part?” I ask.
“All of it. These are for you,” Gabriel says as he hands me the flowers he’s carrying. “I’m sorry I didn’t call last night. I got mixed up in some work business I couldn’t tear myself away from until this morning.”
“Gabriel, we’re not dating…. you owe me nothing, including explanations. Besides, I was pretty busy last night myself. I probably wouldn’t have taken your call, anyway.” Wow, did that sound bad…. probably because it was a total lie. And what kind of business keeps a man until the morning…. or who is the business? Stop it, Olivia. You just told him you were not dating; he can do what he wants.
“Well, I hope you would’ve answered if I called,” Gabriel says, looking a bit perplexed. “I know you have shift today, but I wanted to catch you before you left to wish you a safe and productive shift. Also, I wanted to let you know I may not have been able to call last night, but I was thinking about you. Tomorrow, I have to work, but would like to take you to dinner…. actually, make you dinner, if that’s okay with you?” he asks, looking at me but standing far enough away that it looks like he’s afraid I’ll bite him if he comes any closer.
“Gabriel, thank you for the flowers and well wishes for my shift, but this,” I point my finger at Gabriel and myself. “Will not work or happen. You’re busy and so am I. I really appreciated lunch yesterday and the flowers. Thank you, but please stop coming by and let’s just let it be. Okay?”
Gabriel just stands there and looks at me for a few minutes. I’m not too sure what to do now. We’re just standing in front of my house, looking at each other. Then, shaking his head, he says, “Okay. Fine.”
“Okay?” I ask.
“Yes, okay. If that’s what you want, Olivia, then… okay.” He walks up to me on the porch and stands as close to me as he can get without touching me and says, “But just to get the record straight, this,” He points his finger to me and then himself. “Would work, and would be great.” And with that, Gabriel heads towards his car. “Have a good shift, Lieutenant Paramedic Firefighter Prescott.” 
I stand on the porch and watched him drive away. Well…. you got what you wished for. Good riddance. He’s the last thing you need right now…. yeah, right. What did I just do?
∞
As I leave for work, I call my parents to let them know I’m bringing Brownie to work with me. I want the comfort of Brownie with me today, especially after this morning’s confrontation with Gabriel. It just seems like it’s going to be one of those shifts. Thankfully, the call to my parents was short because Dad was the one who answers and he was working in the shed again.
Just as I hang up the phone with Dad, Piper calls. “Did the ass call you last night?” 
“He is not an ass.” I answer.
“Yes, he is. He said he would call and then didn’t. That demotes him to ass status.” With Piper, everything is black and white…. no grey areas.
“What status is he if he showed up this morning with flowers and apologized for not calling?”
“Well, now that’s sweet. What’d you say to him?”
“I told you yesterday that I’m not in a place to be dating right now, and that’s what I said to him this morning… again.”
“What’d he say?”
“He said okay.”
“He said okay? That’s it, just okay?”
“Yeah, just okay, and then he left. So that’s done. I’m on my way to the station. I still have Tim with me and Trevor, but if you want to come by, you can do so any time. I may send Brownie home with you if she gets bored or in the way, though.” I say as I pull into the parking lot of the station. I wave to the prior shift guys who are washing the trucks in the driveway.
“Are you okay with his okay?” Piper asks, sounding concerned.
“Yep. I have to be, now don’t I? It was my idea.” Although even I wouldn’t believe the tone I just said that in. I’m a mess. I freak because too much is happening at once, but then I’m disappointed when I get my way. Seriously, I need to get my shit together. That’s why I can’t do this with him…… I can’t keep my emotions in check. Time to go back to my motto…. I’ll be fine…. I’ll be fine…. I’ll be fine. I can feel it working already.
“Okay. Don’t think that I didn’t catch that. I’ll stop by later and we can chat. I’ll see you later. I have some things to get done for work. Bye.” Piper announces, but hangs up before I have the chance to respond.
“Bye, thanks for calling.” I say sarcastically to the phone.
“Good morning, Tim, good morning, Trevor.” I call out as I walk up to the back of the truck to find the guys taking inventory of the supplies and medications on board to make sure that the truck had everything needed for the upcoming shift.
“Morning, boss.” Tim says with a proud smile on his face. Seems he found a new name to call me that can keep him out of trouble.
“Hey, girl. You look better and better every day. I like the color in your cheeks.” Trevor says as he finishes the last of the inventory and puts the paperwork on the clipboard.
“Thanks… but that’s from chasing Brownie around the parking lot. She stole my hair tie and thought we were playing. Of course, it turned into play, but now she’s ready to crash out on the living room floor.” I say as I watch Trevor’s eyes light up. He loves my dog. “Brownie’s here? I’ll be back, Tim.” Trevor climbs out of the truck in search of my dog. Trevor would steal her if I didn’t keep an eye on the two of them.
“Who’s Brownie?” Tim asks. Poor Tim. Still in confusion-land.
“She’s my dog and the unofficial mascot of the station and the shift. Wanna meet her? She’s never met a stranger.” 
“Sure.” Tim says as he climbs out of the truck to follow me into the station house.
“How were your two days off?” I ask Tim.
“Terrible. I couldn’t wait to get back here.” he says, looking like he hated days off of work. I remember days like that in the beginning, too.
“Tim, you need your down time. Trust me, the job will always be here. I know you’re excited, but you need to pace yourself.” 
“That’s not what I mean, well, it is…. I’m excited to learn and work, but my fiancé dragged me to all different venues for the ceremony and the reception, then flower shops, trinket shops, and then the cake shops…. I don’t know about all this wedding stuff.”
I laugh. “Now I get it… you need a retreat. Doesn’t she have family or friends she can do that kind of stuff with?”
“Nah. Her mom passed when she was a kid and we moved here from Texas for me to go to school and get hired here. We are kinda on our own in this.”
“That’s terrible. Well, I have a friend who loves doing that kind of stuff, and she may stop by today. I can introduce you to her and if you think your fiancé may like her, then we can introduce them. What do you say? We need to get her integrated into your new family, and what better way?” I ask as we enter the station house in search of Brownie.
“You’d do that?” Tim asks quizzically.
“Of course, silly. I’m your FTO, but I’m also a friend and that makes us family.” I tell him as I jokingly bump shoulders with him.
“That’d be great because we do not know where to even begin.” He sounds relieved.
“My pleasure.”
Just as Tim and Brownie are being introduced, the overhead radio goes off and an uninterested voice from dispatch announces, “Rescue 37, Engine 37 unknown medical, CPR in progress, 1600 South A1A.”
As all the engine guys run towards their truck, I say to Tim, “That’s our cue. Brownie, behave for the ladder guys. Ladder guys, don’t feed her too much.” Some of the guys just wave me off and some just ignore me completely. It’s such a treat to bring Brownie into the station. I’m not too sure if it’s Brownie or the crew who gets a bigger kick out of it.
∞
Tim gets into the back of the truck and buckles himself in as Trevor and I climb into the truck as well. Trevor looks at me and I raise my hand as a sideways high five and say, “Challenge Accepted.” Trevor repeats it and slaps my hand. Feeling pretty good, I stick my hand in the back towards Tim and say, “Challenge Accepted,” and Tim repeats it and slaps my hand, looking like he is feeling more and more part of the team.
As I straighten in my seat, I notice Trevor giving me a look with his eyebrows raised. “What? He’s part of the team, is he not?” I ask.
“Just surprised you are letting him in so early, that’s all. Not like you, girl.” Trevor says as he’s pulling the truck out of the station with the lights and sirens on, heading to the call.


Chapter 16 - Probationary Fire Fighter Tim Jones

“Rescue 37 arrived 1600 South A1A.” Olivia says into the radio microphone as we pull into the apartment complex as a frantic woman runs towards our truck, screaming and carrying a limp small child who couldn’t be more than three years old. “Oh, shit.” Olivia exclaims while jumping out of the truck.
“Tim…. open the back doors now!” Trevor screams into the back of the truck at me. Confused as to what is happening, I jump up and open the back door as Olivia is climbing into the back of the truck, carrying a small child who is soaking wet. A crying and screaming woman who must be the mother is following her into the truck.
Olivia puts the child on the stretcher, and many things happen all at once. “Go!” Olivia yells to Trevor, who immediately starts towards the hospital. Trevor notifies dispatch that we’re en route to Mercy General with a pediatric code with CPR in progress. Olivia’s doing compressions and yelling for an airway from me. 
Suddenly, as if someone slapped me, I jump into full speed. I grab the intubation kit, setting it up quickly. “Ready.” I say as Olivia moves out of the way and I put the tiny laryngoscope into the small mouth of the child. I’m able to see the vocal cords and advance the tube into the throat to help establish an airway for the child. “Got it.” I announce as I’m attaching the Ambu bag to the tube to infuse air into the child’s body. 
While doing this, Olivia is doing compressions on the child’s chest. “How far?” Olivia yells to Trevor. “Three minutes.” he yells back. I can’t believe how much is happening all at the same time, yet Olivia and Trevor sound a lot less stressed than I feel right now. I can hear Olivia asking questions to the mother. “How did you find her?” 
“I only looked away for a minute and then I found her in the pool…. only a minute! Oh, my God….is she going to be okay?” the mother cries. The way Trevor’s driving is making everyone in the back of the rescue unit brace as he takes the turns quickly.
“Is she on any medications or allergic to anything?” Olivia asks, ignoring her question. “No, no…. she’s healthy. Please help her…. why isn’t she waking up?” the mom asks. 
“We’re doing what we can.” Olivia then turns to me. “Tim, grab the microphone and contact the hospital and give them a report.” I grab the microphone from the wall next to my chair as I continue to squeeze the Ambu bag, providing oxygen to the child. 
“What do I say?” I ask Olivia. 
“Just depress the button and hold it up to me. I’ll give them the report.”
I do as she instructs. “Rescue 37 to Mercy General.”
“Mercy General, go ahead, Rescue 37.” a polite voice says.
“Rescue 37 en route to Mercy General with a three-year-old female, found by mother face down in the pool approximately 7 minutes ago. CPR in progress, intubation tube and airway established. ETA 1 minute.” 
I let go of the button, and a female voice comes over the radio. “Rescue 37, acknowledge. Meet you out front.” I replace the microphone and look at Olivia. She seems so calm, like she does this type of thing every day. Then I look down at the little girl, who is so pale, almost gray. Her eyes are looking up, but as if there isn’t any life in them. Then I realize that there isn’t any life in them. I breathe faster. This child will not make it. 
“Tim! Look at me.” I hear Olivia scream at me. I blink and look up at her. She says, “You are doing well. Keep going. Squeeze every second…. that’s it. Keep looking at me. Stay with me…. We all need you here.” I realize I can panic later… time to try and save this little girl’s life.
“We’re here!” Trevor suddenly announces from the front of the truck. The mother’s crying and holding her daughter’s hand and praying out loud for any ounce of hope. Just as the truck stops, the back doors fly open and there’s an army of nurses, doctors, and other staff, along with what looks like the father running through the parking lot towards the back of the truck. 
Someone grabs the stretcher, and I follow, still bagging the child. Olivia’s climbed up onto the stretcher and is straddling the little girl while continuing CPR. We’re being pushed through the ER doors and through the internal doors into the trauma bay. All the time, the doctor walking alongside the stretcher is asking questions and giving orders to nurses and other staff. Everything seems to happen all at the same time.
Once in the trauma bay, a respiratory technician takes over the bagging of the girl from me and someone else takes over CPR from Olivia as she climbs down off the stretcher. I’m standing there, watching the doctor and nurses working on the little girl. I find myself standing there, praying for some type of miracle. Then I feel Olivia pull me away and outside the trauma bay. “What? We just leave, just like that?” It feels wrong, like we are leaving the movies before the end. How will it end?
“No. We just get out of the way. We’ve done our job.” Olivia says to me as if she’s talking to a wounded animal. “Come on. We need to do our report. We’ll be out of service for a bit, so we’ll hang out here. She’s in the best hands and we did all we can.” 
Just then, Trevor walks over with three Gatorades and hands one to each of them. “To replace the electrolytes you’ve lost during the call.”
I take it and open the bottle, but I don’t take a sip. I’m just watching the hospital staff working on the little girl. I hear Olivia say, “The younger they are, the more resilient they are. They tend to bounce back, but they need to get her breathing and heart rate back first. Give them time.” 
I just nod my head and just watch. “She’s not going to make it, is she?” I ask. 
“No, probably not. But not because we didn’t do our best.” Olivia answers honestly. 
I start to slowly nod my head and then walk away. I see Olivia look at Trevor, and he knows what she’s saying without her having to say it. Trevor nods and follows me out to the parking lot where the truck is.
“Hey, man. You okay?” Trevor asks as we approach the truck to clean up.
“How do you do it? First, your partner’s almost killed by another medic and then there're calls like…. this….” I say, waving my hands towards the hospital doors we just walked out of. “How do you keep from losing it? It’s obvious that Olivia isn’t okay. You see that, right? And yet, she was so cold on this call. How do you turn off your feelings?”
“You don’t. You learn to compartmentalize. I know. It’s not healthy, but it’s what you do. You learn to freak out afterward. It does the patient or the family no good if you can’t do your job. And part of that is learning to handle the situation and then freak out later. It sucks, but it’s the job.” Trevor says, looking directly into my eyes to help emphasize the honesty he’s dishing out.
“Yeah” is all I can say. I turn and climb into the truck to clean up. Trevor helps by collecting some of the garbage off the floor. Just then, the ER doors open up and Olivia walks out with the stretcher with clean new sheets on it. As if just changing the sheets can wipe away all the sorrow and we can just start over. Olivia looks at Trevor and he just looks at her. I just watch the moment between two people who can speak volumes without a word spoken. 
Trevor puts his hand on the back of Olivia’s neck and pulls her to his chest and he just holds her. I can see her shoulders move as she cries on his shoulder. Trevor just strokes her hair down her back and says into her ear, just loud enough for me to hear, “Shh…. it’s okay. You did what you could…. it’s up to God now. He’ll take care of her now.”
∞
It was a quiet ride back to the station. Everyone was just lost in our own thoughts. Even the radio was quiet. Once we pulled back into the bay, Brownie came running up to us, wagging her tail and barking as if to tell us it’ll all be okay. It made all three of us smile.
“I’m gonna go lay down,” Olivia announces. “Brownie, go play with the guys.” 
“You okay?” Trevor asks, looking like he’s afraid she would break.
“Yeah. Just tired.” Trevor slowly nods his head and follows me and Brownie into the living room.
“Hey, guys.” Trevor says as we walk into the room where the engine and ladder guys are all sitting around. The TV is off and everyone is really quiet.
The captain stands up and asks, “Everyone alright, Monroe?”
“Good as can be expected, sir.”
“Jones,” the captain says to me, “These calls suck. If you need to talk…. we’ve all been through them. Anyone can help you out. Got it?”
“Yes, sir.” I reply. I have nothing else to say but that. What does one say after going through something like that? ‘Hey, nice weather we’re having. What’s for dinner?’ None of that seems right.
When I was in school, they tell you about these calls; you study and practice these types of scenarios, but it never, ever felt like this. Not once. I mean, we used to play with the baby and child mannequins in class. We’d toss them around and goof off with them. The instructors would yell at us and try to make us understand the seriousness behind what we were studying, but I don’t think there is anything in this world that can prepare you for that.
“Hey, man, you okay?” Trevor asks me.
“Guess so.” I answer. We just sit there in silence, petting Brownie. “Now what?”
“Now, we take Brownie outside and play fetch with her.” Trevor says as he grabs the tennis ball Brownie had left at his feet.
“We do?”
“We do.”


Chapter 17- Olivia

The rest of the shift was eerily quiet. No other calls came in, and that suited everyone just fine. We had the dreaded call that all service personnel hate. At the end of the shift, as I am walking to my Jeep, I notice Tim walking towards his truck.
“Probie!” I yell, redirecting myself towards Tim.
“L.T.”
“Look...” I say as I approach him. “I wasn’t the best FTO this shift. I’m sorry. I should’ve been…. better.”
“It was my first pediatric code. When you’re studying in school and training for this type of thing, you just don’t realize how horrible it is to look into a child’s eyes and see nothing. No spark, no life, just nothing. You’re just never prepared for that, are you?”
“No. There’s no preparation for that and it’ll be something you hopefully will never get used to. That was my fifteenth pediatric code. They each feel like the first time, though.” I say as I look off into the distance, but not really looking at anything. I don’t want to cry again. I did enough of that last night.
Tim and I just stand there, each understanding the enormity of the last twenty-four hours. “Do me a favor. Over the next few days, try to think about all the things that mean something to you and enjoy them; family, friends, and your fiancé. I’m not telling you to forget about it, because that’s just not possible, but what is possible is to remember why you decided to do this job and to love and be thankful for what you have. That’ll help you through the next few days.” I tell him as I pull out my phone from my back pocket.
Tim nods his head. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. I will.”
“Here’s my phone number. You can call me, day or night. Even if you think it’s silly, just call me. I’m your FTO, but I’m also a partner. You need to talk about anything. Call me. Okay?” I say as I send my contact information to his cell phone.
“Will do, but what about you? Who do you talk to?”
“Actually, Tim, I’m on my way to see my therapist right now.” I say with a smirk as I walk away.
∞
I walk into Dr. Tess Barker’s office. It’s a small office in downtown Palm Beach. A very old Florida looking building, but has been modernized to include a switch that patients click when they have arrived so that the therapist knows that their next patient is awaiting their appointment. I hit the light switch as I walked in and then sit down.  
“Olivia.” Dr. Barker says as she opens the office door. Dr. Barker is a very tall but slim woman in her late forties. Her long blonde hair has a few grays sticking out of her ponytail.
“Doc,” I say as I walk into the small office and she closes the door behind me.
“What’s happened? You look defeated.” She asks me as I plop down onto the couch that looks like it should be in a dorm room rather than a therapist’s office. Dr. Barker takes the leather winged back chair across from the coffee table and grabs her tablet to take notes. “Olivia…” she chides when I don’t immediately start talking.
“Ah, let’s see…. I went back to work last week, had a date with a patient, yesterday morning, I broke up with a guy I wasn’t dating, and I just got off shift where we had a pediatric code. It just sucks, that’s all. Where would you like to start?”
“Tell me about your imaginary boyfriend and the shift. Start from the beginning. What else did you guys do?”
“Well…. I met this guy on scene of a car accident. My first day back and my first call. Bam! There he is. He is good looking. Like, really good looking.”
“What’s his name?”
“Gabriel Hughes.”
“Okay, tell me about Gabriel Hughes.”
I sit back on the couch and take a deep breath. “Well, he was a complete asshole on scene, but I handled it. He kept telling me he was fine, but he had an injury on his head and was bleeding all over his shirt. I finally got him into my truck, we had a battle of the wills, and I, of course, won….” I looked up and smile at Dr. Barker.
She looks at me “Go on.”
“He called me the next day because he left something in my truck, we met up the next night at Sideways and I gave it back to him, he came in for a drink, he left then showed up at my house later that night, I pulled a gun on him, he asked me out, we went to lunch the next day, and then yesterday, I broke it off with him and he agreed with me. Then during shift yesterday, we had…”
“Hold on.” Dr. Barker interrupts. “Let’s go back to him showing up at your house and you pulling a gun on him. And then tell me how that ended up on a date.”
I explain what happened in detail to her as she took a lot of notes.
“So this electricity you say you felt, what do you think that is?”
“I have no idea…. possibly my body telling me to run?” I answer. She’s the doctor. I hate it when she asks me these questions.
“Olivia. Was the feeling good or bad?”
“Good.”
“Okay. Would you like to feel that again?”
“Um…. yes, I think I would.”
“Were you turned on?”
“Doc! Seriously? I don’t even want to talk about this. It has nothing to do with the ‘traumatic incident’….” I use air quotes. “And I’m never gonna see him again, so let’s move on.”
“Olivia, it has everything to do with your traumatic incident.” She doesn’t use air quotes. “It’s about you trusting yourself and others. Believe it or not, that was an enormous step you took, going out with him. I’m proud of you.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It tells me you are moving out of your comfort zone a bit and that’s a good thing. I’m sorry you feel you’re not ready to see him…”
“Or anyone else.” I interrupt her.
“…. or anyone else, but this is big. Congratulations, Olivia.”
“I never thought about anyone congratulating me for not dating. Does Hallmark make a card for that?” I’m trying to lighten the mood because Dr. Barker can get mushy and I don’t do mushy too well.
She laughs and says, “I’m not sure, but I wouldn’t doubt it. Now…. let’s move on to your pediatric code. How are you doing after that? That’s a pretty emotional experience on a regular day, but this was just your second day back. How are you handling it?”
“I’m okay. I cried for the little girl yesterday. Said some prayers for the family. It was a tragic accident I don’t think the mother will ever forgive herself for. It’s sad all around.”
“Yes, it is. Did you do all you could for the child and the family?”
“Yes, I’m confident that there wasn’t more we could have done. And I have a medic in training and it was his first pediatric code. He’s taking it pretty hard, but my partner, Trevor, has been watching him and talking to him. I think we’ll all be okay.”
“That is a very healthy attitude, Olivia. You seem to be getting your feet underneath you. You’re doing very well.”
“Thanks. Does that mean you can sign me off?” I’m shooting at the moon now. I know she’s not going to, but the answer is always no, if you never ask.
“You know better than that, Olivia. But I will say we can have another session in one week and as long as everything is going this well, we can change our sessions to twice a month. How does that sound?”
“Perfect.”


Chapter 18 - Olivia

As I drive home from Dr. Barker’s office, I keep asking myself if I’m really ready to be back to work. On top of that, training a new member of the team. Can I do this work without breaking down on tough calls? Can I teach a trainee how to compartmentalize? Should I? Dr. Barker tells me I need to face the feelings I have, but that’s impossible to do and still be able to do the job. What the human race does to each other is a hard pill to swallow. I should know. My time with Marc as partners didn’t start off very pleasant, but after the first shift, and after we realized we were both obsessive over things in the truck and how the shift should run, the partnership as co-workers turned to a friendship and we were unstoppable together. Then the ‘traumatic incident’ happened and…. and what? I just don’t know.
I realize I’m on my street when I see Piper’s car in my driveway. She never stopped by the station yesterday and the last time we talked, we basically yelled at each other. I hope this isn’t a continuation of that because I’m beat and just want to go to bed. I’m emotionally exhausted. “Hey. What are you doing here so early and why didn’t you stop by the station yesterday like we planned?” I ask as I climb out of my Jeep and grab my bags from work.
“I got caught up in things at the office and lost track of time. I heard you had a pediatric code. I wanted to check on you. How ya doing?” Piper’s voice sounds hesitant, almost as if she was about to give someone some terrible news.
I smile, “I’m fine. I just left Dr. Barker’s office.”
“What’d she say?”
“She said that it wasn’t anything a bottle of Wild Turkey and a straight razor can’t fix.” I say, deadpan.
“Funny…. tell me.” Piper sounds frustrated.
“Piper, she says what all therapists say…. acknowledge your feelings, face your challenges…. blah, blah, blah. Why do you want to know? It’s nothing. I’m fine, and it was just another shitty day at work. People have those, ya know.”
“Not little kids dying…. they don’t have those.” Piper murmurs as she studies the grass in my front yard.
“What’s wrong? Why are you looking at my yard? I know it needs watering, although I don’t know why because it has been raining every day.”
“Your yard looks funny. Look at this.” Piper is pointing at a spot in the middle of my front yard. “It looks like a T. See that?”
“Uh…. yeah, it does. Wonder what I did to it to make it die in that shape. You know, I don’t have your green thumb.” I say as I walk towards the door.
“Wait…. Olivia. Come look at this.”
“Piper…. I’m tired, had a shitty shift, and then a psych appointment…. I’ll call a lawn guy when I get up. Okay?”
 “Olivia…. come look at this. This isn’t random. It’s a word. Bitch.”
At the sound of Piper’s tone, I look up at her and see fear on Piper’s face.
“Don’t call me names this early in the morning, Piper.” I joke as I walk over to Piper to make her happy. “Show me what word you see?”
“I see the word ‘Bitch’. Look…. B I T C H. Your yard is dying in the shape of the word ‘bitch’.” Piper looks up at me as I feel like all the blood has drained from my face.
Piper grabs me by the arm and drags me to her car. “Get in. Where’s Brownie?” When I don’t answer, Piper asks again, but in a stronger voice. “Where’s Brownie, Olivia?”
I seem to realize I’m getting into Piper’s car. “She’s still at the station.”
“I’m calling Justin. He’s back from vacation, right?” Piper already has her phone out and is dialing my brother. I’m not sure if he’s on shift today or not.
“Yeah, but don’t call him. I’m sure it’s just a prank from a neighborhood kid.” I say, without actually believing what I’m saying and I can hear my tone of voice reflects it.
“Justin…. it’s Piper….no, she’s fine, but can you swing by her house? Something’s not right…. Okay, see ya soon.” Piper hits end on her phone and starts the car. “He’s on his way…. be a few minutes, but we’ll wait down the street in my car. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. It’s just the neighborhood kids….”
“You tell yourself what you need to, but we both know you don’t believe that.”
∞
Piper parks down the street, facing the direction of my house, when we see a patrol vehicle pull up to the house. Piper moves her car down to my house. “Justin’s here.”
“Hey… what’s up?” Justin asks as he’s getting out of his patrol car. A police officer his whole life, Justin’s built like a linebacker. Very tall, muscled arms that go on forever, dark hair with the dark eyes. He could be scary, not the kind of person you would want to meet in a dark alley unless you know him. He’s very protective of his friends and especially family. He was at a training conference when I was attacked by Marc, and Justin still has trouble with that. He keeps saying, “I should’ve been there for her…. just should have been there” and no amount of cajoling works on him.
“I’m fine, Jus. Really. Piper is overreacting. It’s just the neighborhood kids, I’m sure.”
“Look at her yard.” Piper says, ignoring my comment. Justin looks at me and then at Piper. He instinctively puts his hand on his gun in its holster on his right hip. “Show me.”
“Someone’s killed her yard in the word ‘Bitch’. See?” Piper says, pointing to my front yard.
Justin looks at the yard and then back to me and Piper. “Get back into the car and wait for me. Is the house opened?”
“No. Here are the keys.” I say, handing him the keys.
“In. Now.” Justin says, pointing to Piper’s car as he keys up his radio. “Dispatch, PD334.”
In a distant voice over the radio comes “PD334, go ahead.”
“Dispatch, I need backup for a house check. 10-42, my sister. I also need a detective at this address: 523 Appleton Way.”
“PD334, understood. PD 143 en route.”
“What’s 10-42 mean?” Piper asks.
“IN THE CAR NOW!” Justin yells, pointing to the car as he draws his weapon, pointing it to the ground with his trigger finger outside of the trigger housing.
Both of us jump. “Let’s go.” Piper grabs me.
As we get back into the car, we watch as another officer pulls up with his overhead lights on, but no siren. He cuts the lights off as soon as he pulls close to my house. He gets out, and he also has pulled his gun and is talking to Justin. Suddenly, they disappear around the house, one on each side.
“It means home.” I say as we watch this all unfold.
“What does?”
“10-42. It’s a ten code, and it means home. You asked Justin what it meant.”
“Oh. Are you okay? You look very pale.” Piper asks. “Want me to call Trevor or Gabriel?”
“No!” I answer quickly and louder than I mean to, spinning around in my seat to face her. “Trevor doesn’t need to know any of this because there’s nothing here happening. I’m sure it’s nothing and we’re all overreacting. It’s just some prank with terrible timing. Okay?” I look at Piper with determined eyes.
“What about Gabriel?”
“What about him? He’s just a guy I went to lunch with once. I told him nothing was going to happen because I’m not in a place in my life for anything, obviously.” I say, moving my hand towards the front windshield, showing the scene we’re watching at my home. “I’ve gone over this with you repeatedly. I just want my small little life back. The same life where I come home to my dog and not worry about partners or neighborhood kids. I want to work and enjoy what I have right now. I’m doing my best here. Why do you keep pushing me to go out with someone?” I’m exasperated.
“I love you, Olivia. And I saw how he looked at you at Sideways. I also saw how you responded to him. You liked how he put his hand in the small of your back. You looked excited when he came to pick you up for lunch the other day. And…. everyone needs someone one. Besides, he brought you flowers for not calling you. Who does that nowadays? Really…. I’m just trying to help and keep you going in a positive direction. That’s all.” Piper has tears in her eyes when I look at her. Just as I was about to say something back to Piper, Justin scares us both when he bangs on the passenger side window. I open the car door and see immediately that something is terribly wrong.
“What happened? What did you find?” I ask as I get out of the car.
“When was the last time you were home, Olivia?” Justin asks with authority in his voice.
“Leave that cop-shit attitude on the sidewalk and tell me what the hell has happened?” I look at Justin as my brother, not as a cop with a gun in his hand.
“Someone’s been in your house. When was the last time you were home?”
“Yesterday, just before work. What’s inside my house, Justin?”
“You don’t want to know.” he says.
“I didn’t ask you if I wanted to know. I asked what’s inside.” I say as I head towards my house.
I move past Justin and the other officer I don’t know and head towards my front door. Justin’s yelling something at me, but I’m ignoring him. Fuck…. this is my house; I’ll be damned if I’m not going in there to see what the issue is. Just as I walk in, I wish I had listened to my brother. 
The smell hits me first, the smell of blood, a lot of blood. It smells like metal and I can almost taste it. Then there’s a white chalk line in the kitchen in the outline of a body, right where I killed Marc, in almost exactly the same spot. I can see it from the front door. There’s red fluid all over the floor in the kitchen, as if the white chalk outline is bleeding. It smells just like blood. I know that smell all too well, but it’s not a mystery what this staged scene is supposed to represent.
I walk into the living room and they have broken all my newly replaced electronics into pieces. There’s glass all over the floor as if the TV exploded. My iPad, that was on the coffee table, is now in pieces as well. Shell-shocked, I move down the hallway into the master bedroom and on my bed, on top of the bedspread, is another chalk outline and in red fluid, again, some type of blood, is the phrase “You’re next.” 
I shake uncontrollably and run out of the house to throw up in the front yard. I see the ground coming towards me and the last thing I hear is “… I think she’s gonna faint” from Justin right behind me.
∞
I wake up and there’re bright lights over my head. I’m some place very familiar. 
“Hey there,” Trevor says. “Feeling better?”
“What happened?” I ask as I sit up on the stretcher in the back of my truck.
“You passed out. Justin called us, and here we are.” He displays his hands like a magician.
“Crap, my house, what happened? Did he figure out what happened to it? Was it just the neighborhood kids?” I ask but knew the answer to the question even before Trevor answers. Kids wouldn’t have done that. “And why are you working? Overtime?”
“Yes, I’m working OT with Heather. No, the cops haven’t figured out what happened, yet. But everyone’s at your house right now trying to find that out. You know, you will not be very popular with your neighbors if you need CSI at your house every few months.” Trevor was trying, unsuccessfully, to put some humor into the conversation.
“Where are we going?” I can feel the truck moving.
“Right now, we’re headed towards the hangar. Piper is following us in her car. I called Tim, and he went to the station to get Brownie and take her home with him and his fiancé.”
“Why are we going to the hangar? I need to go back to my house.” Damn, I sound pissed…. probably because I am pissed.
“Piper has Sam coming in to pilot a flight someplace. You’re going, no arguments. Justin wants to get you out of town for a few days until they can figure out what’s going on and catch the ass who did that to your house.”
“Trevor, take me back to my house. Justin doesn’t get to decide what I do or don’t do. Tell whoever’s up front to turn around.” I demand.
“No, I’m not telling Heather to turn around.”
“No? What do you mean ‘No’?”
“No. I saw the house, I talked to Justin and Piper, and I agree with them. You need to get out of town for a few days. Justin has another cop at your parents’ house, and they agree with Justin. So does Chief Scott. It’s time for a vacation, Opie.”
“What the fuck! How long was I out? I will not run from this. I want to go home now!” Then stretching towards the front of the truck, I yell, “Heather, turn around.”
“No, I told them I would take you to the hangar, and that’s what we’re doing. Piper is following us, as well as Justin. You can take it up with them when we get there. But for the record…. you need to do this. Let them find out who’s doing this and then we can all get back to our life. What will this hurt?” Heather replies.
“How far out are we?”
“We’re just now pulling into the parking lot. Are you feeling okay to walk after your ‘nap’?” Trevor asks with a smile on his face, but I’m not fooled. Trevor’s just as scared as I am. He’s looking pretty pale for a black man.
The back doors open and Justin’s standing there. He looks like he has aged 10 years in the last few minutes.
“Feeling better? You still look pale.”
“Yeah, well, you look like shit, too, Justin. Now take me home. I need to face this head-on.”
“No. My commander has your house staked out, and we’re going to catch this bastard. You’re going away for a few days. Piper has a few of your things. That should be enough until we sort this out.”
Trevor gets up and starts out of the truck. “Let me let you two talk alone.” I hear Heather climb out of the front of the truck, too.
“Jus, I need to go home. I will not run from this. If I do, then whoever did this wins.” I can hear the pleading in my voice.
“Olive…. we’re going to let them win this battle, but the war…. that we will win. Do this for me and Mom and Dad. We need to know that you’re safe and obviously, your home isn’t safe right now. And our pool of suspects is much smaller because it has to be someone who’s close to this case. Everything was sealed, so I don’t know how else this information could get out unless they were a part of the case at some point.”
I just look at my brother. I love him so much, it almost hurts. “Fine, where’re you sending me?”
“Piper has Sam coming in to pilot. He thinks he’s taking you to Cancun to assist in a medical transport with their medical flight crew. That way, he’ll not question why you won’t be traveling back with him. No one knows where you will be or when you’ll be back except those of us here, Mom and Dad, and the detectives. This is the story we’re telling everyone else.”
“Cancun, why there?”
“Actually, you’re going to a tiny village outside of Cancun. I have a friend there whose letting you use his house for a few days. He does security work, and we were in the military together. He owes me a few favors.”
“Are you kidding me? Isn’t that a party town?” I ask as I realize I’m basically being kidnapped.
“You’ll be fine. Trust me, okay?”
“I don’t want to go, Justin. I’m scared. Who would’ve done that? Why? What did I do to deserve all this?” I cry, and Justin sits on the stretcher next to me. He pulls me into his arms and holds me. “It’s going to be okay. I promise. I’ll catch this bastard, I promise.”
“I’m okay, really. Who couldn’t use some sun, right?” I smile at him as I wipe away my tears. Right now, I’m not feeling like myself. I’m tired of not knowing what’s going on. I stand up in the truck and we both climb out and go into the office of the hangar. Piper’s pulling some medical bags out and emptying the medical supplies all over the floor of the office.
“What are you doing, Piper?” I ask as I walk into the office.
“If you’re going on a medical transport, you need medical bags. It’ll look suspicious to Sam if you don’t have your medical bags with you, right? So, I’m packing your stuff into the medical bags. Smart, right?” Piper asks Justin.
“Didn’t think of that. You’re right. Good thinking.” he says to her. Justin takes out his phone and hands it to me. “Take my phone. This way, in case anyone is following your GPS signal, they’ll only see it at your house. Hopefully, that’ll force them out of hiding and we can get them during the stakeout. My friend’s name’s Owen. He’ll meet you at the airport. He knows what has happened and the story we are using. He’ll bring you to his house. Listen to what he says. Got it?”
“Owen, Mexico, medical flight, fake suitcases, strange phone, listen to a stranger in a foreign country. Got it.” I say sarcastically.
“I mean it, Olive.”
“Do you, now? Let’s just get this going. I’m missing my dog already.” I say as I walk into the hangar to do the initial walk around the plane before takeoff.


Chapter 19 - Gabriel

“It’s been almost two days, Owen. Why haven’t you checked in?” I demand when I answer my cell phone, not giving Owen a chance to talk.
“Sorry. Things got…. complicated. But everything’s cool. The kids are on their way home.” he replies. 
“How complicated? Anything I need to help or worry about?” I ask, losing the anger I had about my brother going radio silent. Matt and I were up for the last two nights worrying about him and trying to track him down. To the point that I lost all track of time and forgot to call Olivia. Doesn’t matter now… she’s made it perfectly clear she wants nothing to do with me right now.
“No. All’s good, but I need some help. A friend of mine from the Air Force called in a favor, but I also need to help with the prince who showed up in Miami the other day. Do you have time to help me out?” 
“What’s going on?”
“A friend’s sister is having issues, and he needs her to get out of town for a few days and so he’s sending her down here for me to watch, but my friend at Miami PD called and the prince is getting rowdy and difficult to handle. He asked that I come help lock down the security team a bit to keep the prince from killing himself on U.S. territory.” Owen explains.
“Christ, Owen…. I don’t want to babysit a prince or a brat. How do you seem to overextend yourself this way?” I’m looking at Matthew, who’s shaking his head and waving his hands, signaling that he doesn’t want any part of this.  Our little brother is a lot to handle.  He can get himself into the damnedest situations and Matthew and I always must bail him out. Although this situation isn’t bad by any means, it’s just another one of Owen’s inconvenient requests.
“Just come down to Mexico and sit with her for a few days. Keep her out of trouble. As soon as I’m done with the security team with the prince, I’ll be back to take over for ya. I need to do this. These friends are calling in favors and you know how that goes.” And I know. I have called in my fair share of favors and still help when asked; it’s the way this business runs.
“Fine. I’ll be there in a few hours.” I’m resigned and end the call.
“Why do you keep looking at me? You know I have priorities here that need to be addressed,” Matthew says immediately after I hang up the phone. “All you have right now is running the day-to-day ops for this place…. you can do that from anywhere in the world, Gabe.” Matthew is laughing.
“Fuck. I don’t feel like babysitting someone’s kid sister in Mexico…. it’s July and fucking hot there.” I say as I walk into my office to collect my ‘go bag’ for the trip.  Matthew’s right. I can do what I do from anywhere in the world, it’s just sucks that I’m cleaning up after our little brother again. When does that ever end?
“Suck it up…. you knew what you were doing when you asked Owen to be part of this place. He has a lot of friends in the right places, but he also has a lot of favors to return. Besides…. brother, you look like shit. You’re so pale. You need some sun.” Matthew says as he watches me get on the elevator and push the elevator button for the parking garage.
“Try to keep the company open while I’m gone and please let my secretary know where I’m at.” I say to my brother’s laughing face.
“Keep your head down and watch your six.” Matthew replies.
“Will do, brother.” I say to the closed elevator doors while pulling out my phone to call for a pilot and the plane to meet me at the airport.
Ever since yesterday, I’ve been in a very crappy mood. I can’t stop thinking about Olivia standing on her front porch and telling me, yet again, that we can’t be together. I just don’t understand her reasoning. Why can’t she see I want to help her? A better question to ask myself is why do I want to help her? Doesn’t matter. What’s done is done and I need to move on. Besides, I don’t need those problems. And she has a truckload of them. This is why I don’t date. Too many complications. Maybe I need this brief trip to clear my head and get my shit together. It’ll do me good.


Chapter 20 - Olivia

Once clearing customs at the Cancun Mexican International Airport, I say goodbye to Sam and watch as he takes off to go back home. Great…. now you’re all alone in a foreign country and only a few people know you’re here and why. Now you need to find a stranger named Owen and sit while the rest of the world just goes on with their daily lives…… lovely.
Standing just inside the exit doors, I take out my brother’s phone he gave me and as I go to call him to find out what Owen looks like and where the hell I’m supposed to meet him; I realize my brother has a password lock on his phone. Great…. this day is getting better and better.
“You must be Miss Prescott.” someone says quietly behind me. I jump and drop the phone.
Spinning around towards the voice, I yell, “You scared the fuck out of me! What the hell is wrong with you?” This brings attention from other passengers at the airport. This guy, who I’m assuming is Owen, looks around and vaguely smiles at them and they go back to their own business.
“I thought you were here to lie low. Yelling in an airport is not lying low.” Owen says tightly as he grabs the phone off the floor and my elbow at the same time.
“Get your fucking hands off me before I scream this building down.” I say between my teeth.
Owen just looks at me for a few moments and then lets my elbow go. I pull my arm back and grab the phone from his other hand.
“I assume you are Owen?”
“Never assume. That is not a safe practice.”
“Are you or aren’t you Owen? I do not have time for this shit.” 
“Am. Follow me.” he says and walks past me into the hot sticky night. I have to run to catch up to him while he’s walking towards a pickup truck parked to the side of the building.
“Get in.” he says.
I climb into the passenger side of the truck and put my seatbelt on. I’m hoping this is the smarter move than to just run on my own.
Owen drives down the main road by the airport, looking in the rearview mirrors, which is making me very nervous. I look in the side mirror on my side to see if I see anything, but all I see are headlights. We turn down a lot of roads, each becoming smaller and smaller. As we keep turning, the buildings become fewer and fewer and then they just seem to stop. All I can see in the night is what the headlights of the truck are showing and that’s just dirt road and trees. 
“Where are we going?” I ask, hoping I don’t sound as frightened as I feel. Maybe I should have asked for some identification before getting into the truck. Too late now, Einstein. 
Owen just looks over at me and cocks his eyebrow, smirks, and says, “My place.”
I sigh. Now what? Do I demand identification or jump out at the next stop or keep going with the flow? Is he going to kill me? What’s the first thing they teach you in school? Don’t get into cars with strangers. What did I just do? Got in the car with a stranger. Surely I’m a dead woman.
“How do you know my brother?” I ask, purposely not mentioning his name and hoping that if Owen knows my brother’s name, then I should be relatively safe with him.
“I know your brother from the military.” Owen replies.
Thinking fast, I ask, “You were a SEAL in the Navy, too?” knowing full well that anyone who knew my brother knew he hated the water and was in the Air Force.
“Nice try, sweetheart, but kudos for trying to trip me up. Justin and I were in the Air Force and your brother wouldn’t be caught dead on a boat unless he had no choice.” Owen says, smiling at me. His profile is rough. He has at least a week’s worth of a beard, his black hair is past his shoulders but pulled back in a ponytail, and he has a very strong angular jaw. He’s not half bad looking.
“We’re here.” he says as he pulls up into a driveway with a gate. Owen reaches out of the truck window and keys in a code, and the gates open up. As he pulls into the driveway, he slows down to watch the gates close behind them. That’s when I realize Owen has his hands on a handgun that’s in between the seat and the console of the truck. Owen looks over at me and smirks. “Can’t be too careful.”
“Yeah” is all I can say. 
Owen drives through a forest of trees until suddenly, a beautiful Spanish-style home comes into view. It’s big, but not grand. There are steps up to the front door, which is arch shaped and has iron work trim. “It’s beautiful.” I whisper.
“Thanks…. but you don’t have to whisper. No one can hear us but the staff.” Owen says as he puts the truck in park.
“Follow me. You can have the tour tomorrow. I’ll show you to your room. You must be tired. I understand you worked yesterday and have been nonstop since this morning. Am I right?”
Just then, I realize I was past exhaustion. With the pediatric code yesterday, the visit with Dr. Barker, which always is exhausting, the incident with the house, and then traveling here, I am way past tired. 
“Yeah, I guess I am. That would be nice. Are we alone here?”
“No. There is a cook, maid, and several security staff. You should be comfortable and safe here.” Owen says as we climb out of the truck and walk up the steps into the home.
As we walk inside, I am struck by how modern the home is. I’m not sure what I was expecting, but this wasn’t it. There’s a scanner that Owen put his hand on to get the front door opened. There is a staircase by the front door that Owen starts up, but is greeted by a very large black man who only spoke Spanish to Owen. I’ve lived in Florida my whole life, but I can only count to ten in Spanish. My brain just wasn’t made to be bilingual.
I follow Owen up the stairs to a hallway that has 4 doors. He walks to the end of the hallway and opens the last door. “Here you are. There is an en-suite inside. If you need anything, just pick up the phone in the room and someone will help you.”
“Will they speak English?” I ask, shy about the fact I can’t speak Spanish.
He chuckles. “Yes. In you go.” 
“Are you going to be here?”
“I’ll be around for a while.” he answers. “I have to run out in a bit to pick up my brother from the airport. He’ll be the one staying with you starting tomorrow. I have another job to do.”
And that is what I am… a job. “Of course. Will I see you before you leave?”
“No, not unless you need something.”
“No, no. Just… thank you.” 
Owen tilts his head to her and then closes the door to the room. 
∞
The room is beautiful and very large, almost twice the size of a regular master bedroom. There’s a sitting area by a bay window and French doors that lead out to a balcony. The doors have sheer curtains on them. The decoration is tropical, but understated, in soothing colors of green, blue, and yellows. “Nice digs.” I say to myself as I put the medical bags full of my stuff onto the king-size bed. I walk over to the French doors and open them up to discover that my room is overlooking a large backyard with a large pool. The backyard and pool area are lit up to highlight the trees and the beautiful pool, but beyond that, it’s very dark. 
I then turn around to inspect the rest of the room. I walk to a door and open it to find a closet bigger than my bedroom at home. There are all kinds of men’s and women’s clothes hanging up. I close the door and open the other door to find an enormous bathroom with a shower and a jetted tub. “A nice soak would be great, but I’m just too tired. Maybe tomorrow,” I say to my reflection in the mirror above the double sinks. “Time for a shower.” 
After my shower, as I’m drying off, there’s a knock on the door. “Yes?” I ask while walking to the door and wrapping the towel around myself. “Who is it?” I ask when there’s no answer.
I turn the handle slowly and peek out the door to find there isn’t anyone there, but someone left a plate of food that smells delicious. I bend down, trying to keep the towel on me as best as possible while picking up the tray of food. After placing the tray on the chair in the sitting area, I change into a shirt and panties. The food smells wonderful and I try to remember the last time I ate. As I pull the lid off of the plate, I find a burger and fries. I laugh and shake my head. “Boy, you smell good.” I say to the food.
Once the food is gone, I stand at the French doors and just look out into the darkness. I can see some people walking around the back of the pool, but because it’s so dark, I can’t see their faces, but I can clearly see the guns they’re carrying. What have you gotten yourself into?
∞
Sitting on the bed holding my brother’s phone, I’m wishing my brother would call me so that I can hear a friendly voice, but also so I can ask what the password is to open it up. Just then, the phone lights up, but it is Piper’s face. I jump when the phone rings, but quickly swipe the green bar to answer the phone.
“Hello?”
“Hi, sweetie. How ya doing?” Piper asks apprehensively.
“Piper, I’m in a foreign country where I don’t speak the language, in a house in the middle of the jungle, with a stranger named Owen, and all the while, my life is being turned upside down at home and I can’t do anything about it. I’m doing ducky.” My sarcasm is dripping out of my mouth.
Piper sighs. “I know this totally sucks for a control freak like you, but it is only for a few days until Justin and the detectives figures out what’s going on.”
Ignoring the platitude, I ask, “Can you please have Justin text me the password to his phone? I do not know what it is.”
“Sure. You okay, really?”
“I’m fine. I am just a bit emotional. You know how I get. I just want to be back to my boring life. This year has sucked.”
“Your life has never been normal, Olivia,” Piper laughs. “You are the most un-normal person I know, but it’s part of your charm.”
“Un-normal isn’t a word, Piper, but thank you for making me smile. I better go. I don’t want to kill the battery on this phone until I find out what the password is. At least I can play video games or something on this thing. Once I find a charger for it.”
“Got ya covered. I put my charger in the bag along with all the cash from AOP. You should be good.”
“You did? You and Justin thought of everything, didn’t ya? Thanks, Piper.”
“Don’t thank me, let’s just get this done so we can go back to our quote, unquote normal lives.”
“I love you, Piper. Don’t forget to have him text me the password.”
“Love you, too. I won’t. Bye.”
And then I’m on my own again. I got up in search of my medical bags Piper put together for me to find the charger for the phone. Pulling the clothes out of my bag, I found the wad of cash Piper gave me, as well as some basic makeup, sandals, and Piper’s iPad. Oh, thank God…. something to do. As I go to plug the phone into the charger, the phone rings again, but this time, it has my picture on the screen. Oh, my God…. could this be the person who did that scene at my house? Should I answer it? It rings again and I just stand there, holding the phone and staring at my own picture. With my finger hovering over the green bar to swipe, I convince myself that if it is the person hell bent on screwing with my life, then this is my opportunity to at least find out who it is and what the hell they want from me. Decision made to answer the phone, I swipe at the green bar, but the call disconnected. I missed my chance. Just as I feel tears welling up in my eyes, the phone rings again. This time, as I look at my picture on the screen, I swiped the green bar on the first ring.
Holding up the phone to my ear, I say nothing, trying to hear for distinctive sounds on the other end.
“Olivia? You there?” my brother asks.
Relief floods me as I realize a few of those tears in my eyes were falling down my cheeks. “Justin, I’m here. I wasn’t sure if it would be whoever is doing this to me and they somehow got my phone.”
“Are you alright? Did you find Owen?”
“Yeah, I’m fine. I want to go home, though.”
“I know you do. He’s a good guy. Pulled me out of a few hairy spots a time or two, as I did for him. He and his brothers are the best in security and he’ll keep you safe until we can figure this out.”
“Okay.”
“Okay? That’s all my big sister has to say? Okay?”
“I’m just exhausted and I just want to go home. I don’t even speak the language here and I am in some type of fortress with guys wandering the property with guns strapped to their backs. This just isn’t who I am, but here I am. I just want to go home.”
“If you are at Owen’s home, then it is a very nice place. In the daylight, you’ll see. I’ve been there a few times. Make sure he shows you the game room and workout room. You’ll love it. And enjoy the pool. It is really nice. And I promise, as soon as we can, we will figure this out and get you home again.”
“Any word on who did this? I keep hoping you’re going to tell me it was some neighborhood kids, but you’re not, are you?”
“No. And you know that. Kids wouldn’t have created that scene in the house. Right now, no news. Crime scene guys left a few hours ago. I have a friend who does crime scene cleanup, and he’s in there now cleaning up the house. Some of our best detectives are on the first stake out watch, so hopefully, this person will show up again to do something else and we will catch them.”
“If this person is so smart, won’t they figure out I am not there? My Jeep is sitting in the driveway and I am not coming or going. That should be a giveaway.”
“We have an officer pretending to be you. She’s driving around in your Jeep and so it’ll look like you are there. The crew at the station house think you are on a medical flight that will take a few days, so we are covered there, too. Good thing this is your Kelly week.”
“Justin, there is no way this is one of my co-workers. We are a tight family. We protect each other, we wouldn’t harm anyone.” And just as I say those words, a chill goes down my back and the phone is silent. Of course, it could be someone at the station. Marc was at the station, my partner. And that’s how all of this started.
“Olivia…”,
“I know. Forget I said anything.” I reply broken-hearted.
Changing the subject, he says, “Tomorrow, have Owen call me so we can work out the logistics of getting you home when all this is over, okay?”
“Oh. Owen won’t be here. Apparently, he has another job to do, so he’s picking up his brother from the airport tonight and his brother will be here instead.”
“Which one?”
“Which one, what, airport? I assume the one I flew in at.”
“No, which brother?”
“I don’t know. He has more than one?”
“Yeah. Doesn’t matter. Just have whoever it is call me. I’ll keep him updated as we go on from here.”
“You will do no such thing, Justin. If you keep anyone updated, it will be me. Understood? I am not some kind a wounded animal or damsel in distress. I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself.” Boy, am I angry. I should be angry!
“Calm down, sis. I didn’t mean anything by it. I just meant logistically. That’s all. I know you’re tough. I have many scars to prove it from growing up with you. I didn’t mean to upset you. I love you.”
“I love you, too, Justin. I’m sorry I snapped at you. I’m just so done with this and I am exhausted.”
“Go to bed then and relax while you are there. Think of it as a nice vacation.”
“Uh, huh? Vacation. Right. Hey, what’s your password on your phone? I can’t get into it.”
“Remember that swim meet when you won the 500 yards? You made it in the papers and your win helped the swim team win state that year?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“What was your time?”
“Oh, Justin. I don’t know…. that was years ago. Why are you asking?”
“Five minutes twenty-three seconds. That’s the passcode… 0523.”
“How do you remember that? I don’t even remember that.”
“It meant a lot to me to see my big sister win that meet and then the state title. I never forgot the time, so now it is my password.”
“Oh, Justin, that is so sweet. I love you. Thank you for doing all this for me. I know I have been whining, but I really appreciate it. Tell Mom and Dad I love them, too.”
“I will. Now get some rest. I’ll call you when I can.”
“Okay. Good night.”
“Night.” he says, and then the phone goes dead. I plug in the phone and let it charge. Right now, it feels like it’s my only lifeline to civilization.
Pulling back the sheets of the bed, I climb in. Running my hand down the sheets and duvet, I realize that these are really nice sheets. It seems like Owen and his brothers spare no expense for this place. This entire place looks like the good stuff. Stuff someone on a city salary could never afford. Well, at least I can try to sleep in the good stuff.


Chapter 21 - Gabriel

As I exit the plane in a remote part of Mexico, I look out into the night and see my brother, Owen, leaning up against a pickup truck. “Hey. It’s fucking hot here.”
“Did you have a pleasant flight? Are you alive and well, Gabriel? Then stop your bitching. I have thanked you enough for doing this for me already.”
“Yeah, yeah. What’s the story? Who am I watching, why, and for how long? Tell me this isn’t a princess or some pop star running away from some stalker or something.” I say as I climb into the driver’s side of the truck and turn on the air conditioner.
“No, no royalty of any kind. Her name is Claudia…. or something like that, and someone trashed her place. Really fucked up stuff and her brother, a cop in Palm Beach, called in a favor. He thinks she’s in real trouble there. I told him to send her down for a small vacation. So he did. Then Jax called from Miami and said that the prince is hosting parties and that the security crew has been partying with him… not good if you’re supposed to be protecting a prince. He’s trying to avoid an international incident and asked me to come back and straighten things out with security. I said I would. So off I go.”
“How do you not know her name?” I ask shaking my head and swatting the mosquitoes that managed to get into the truck with me.
“You know I don’t do unnecessary details well.”
“Whatever. Just keep your head down and get back here as soon as you can. I have a meeting later this week with some potential clients that would be very lucrative for Hughes International. I should be there.” I yell back at him over the sound of the engine of the jet.
“You know Matthew can handle that sort of thing, too. He’s never going to get a chance to show you he’s capable if you never give him the chance.” Owen said, but I just nodded, staring into the darkness.
“What’s been up with you, Gabe? Matt says you met someone, and it looked like it might work, someone to call you out on all your control issues and shit, but you have been extra grumpy the last two days. You alright?” Owen looks at me with a bit of worry in his eyes.
“Yeah. I’m fine. No, it won’t work out with her. Too many issues. I don’t have time for all that right now. And I don’t have control issues,” I retort, putting the truck into gear. “Go get on the plane before the prince burns down the state of Florida.”
“You have control issues and maybe you can get laid while you’re here. I think Maria may be in town. Call her. Have some fun, big bro. Keep your head down.” Owen says as he walks backwards to the plane.
“Whatever.” I shout and watch my brother turn towards the plane and climb on. I sit and watch the Hughes International jet take off on the small airstrip in the middle of nowhere in Mexico and then I drive towards the house. It’s time for a shower to wash off this heat and a cold beer to wash away the aggravation.
∞
After three cold beers and one boiling shower, I’m feeling a bit more human again, but thankfully I installed air conditioning in the house right after buying it and the ten acres of the surrounding area. I always loved the Spanish culture and the Spanish people. Unfortunately, this has become a place my brothers and I use as a sort of safe house because most people wouldn’t think to look here for whomever we’re protecting.
I consider going to my guest’s quarters to introduce myself, but looking at the clock, I realize it’s well after midnight. Instead, I pick up the phone and immediately I hear Manuel’s voice. “Si, senor. How can I assist you?”
“Good evening, Manuel. Is our guest comfortable?”
“Si. Yes, sir. We sent dinner up around nine this evening, and there have been no requests. Do you require any assistance, senor?”
“No, Manuel. Thank you. Let me know if she needs anything. I should be up for a while longer. Please have breakfast ready at eight.”
“Si, senor. Buenos noches.”
“Good night, Manuel.” I answer and then hang up the phone as I open my laptop to deal with the many emails that have been neglected since I left Palm Beach.


Chapter 22 - Olivia

I wake up to sunlight beaming on my face, which makes me hot. Not sexy hot, I haven’t been that for months… just hot. You’re practically on top of the equator, girl…. probably shouldn’t leave the French doors open. I climb out of the bed and walked over to the doors to close them to help keep the air conditioning in the room. What did your parents always say…… don’t air condition the entire neighborhood? As I go to close the doors, I glance down to the pool area to see someone swimming laps. Back and forth and back and forth. Watching him swim the laps was a bit soothing. Probably doesn’t hurt that the muscles in his back are flexing and making his ass look nice and tight, and those arms. What is wrong with you, girl? You are in a foreign country; you don’t speak the language, and you do not know who is after you. Oh yeah, and you have no idea who is protecting you. No time to watch a fine man’s ass. Although, it is a fine ass.
After a few minutes of gawking, I finally close the doors and head into the bathroom to take a shower. Leaving the doors open all night made me sweaty even though I took a shower the night before. Standing in the shower and letting the water sluice down my back, I realize I do not know what to do. Do I go downstairs and introduce myself? What is there to do here? Justin said something about there being a game room of sorts. Maybe Pac Man?
Drying off in the bathroom, I discover that there’s a hair dryer, and I’m thankful for that. Sure that Piper did not pack me one, I put this one to good use; my hair would just frizz in all this humidity. After choosing a yellow sundress with a black bolero to cover up the scars, and strappy sandals from the bag Piper packed for me, and doing a bit of eyeliner and mascara, I decide its time to explore. 
Exiting the guestroom, I walk down the hallway I had traveled down the night before, admiring the artwork on the walls. The colors are so vivid, yet the walls are muted in beige tones to help highlight the art. I know little about art, but I know what I like. It was the Spanish style of art, with colors popping off the canvas, pictures of small villages and markets. The art is so beautiful, something I would have picked for myself if I could. 
I can hear some voices downstairs and my heart jumps into my throat. Owen said that his brother was coming in to be with me. Perhaps that voice is his, but I’m having difficulty hearing what is being said. 
After descending the stairway, I walk through the front foyer and past the front door. I can smell something delicious and realize I’m starving. Is that bacon I smell? Yummy. As I walk around a corner and into a vast living room that overlooks the pool and patio area through the wall of glass doors, I notice the swimmer is no longer in the pool doing his laps. Too bad. The living room is at least twice the size of my entire house. There are at least three seating areas with couches and chairs, tables all around, some holding art sculptures that probably cost as much as my house. The colors of the walls and furniture are all muted in tone as the stairway. It draws your eyes to the outside. I can see a large manicured lawn with beautiful trees and shrubs. I wish I had a green thumb like Piper did. I could kill silk plants.
I finally find the kitchen doorway on the other side of the living room and walk through to see a Spanish man cooking in the kitchen. I just stand there, in the breakfast area, and stare at him as he stares at me. Then he smiles and, with a very strong Spanish accent, says, “Hola, Senorita Prescott. Are you hungry? I am almost done with breakfast.”
“Hello. Yes, I am. Smells delicious. Who are you?”
“My apologies. Y llamo Manuel.”
“Nice to meet you, Manuel. Is Owen still here?” Suddenly, I feel strange standing in someone else’s house and not knowing anyone.
“No, sorry. His nombre is here, though. He should be here any time now.” Manuel says as he’s scooping scrumptious smelling bacon onto a serving plate. Man, am I starving.
“Oh, okay. That smells delicious. When do we eat?” I sit down on a barstool that’s pulled up to the island right in front of me, facing the kitchen, but even this kitchen I find I can’t go into. When am I going to get over that stupid fear? Something to talk to Dr. Barker about at the next appointment.
“Soon, senorita. Would you like some coffee?”
“Oh, yes, please.” I say, eagerly sitting up more on my barstool to get closer to the coffee.
“Cream or sugar?” Manuel asks as he’s pouring coffee into a giant mug. Not big…. giant, and it looks like heaven on earth.
“Both please.” I answer, enjoying the delicious aroma. As Manuel hands me the mug, I take a sip and the Columbian coffee is strong and sweet at the same time and I enjoy the flavor as it rolls down my throat.
“Manuel, is that my favorite coffee I smell?” says a very strong and very familiar voice from the living room. I look up just as Gabriel walks around the corner. Many things happen all at the same time. I am in the middle of taking a sip of the very hot coffee, turn to see Gabriel, and jump off the barstool. It falls to the tiled floor with a horrendous bang. I trip over said barstool, spill the hot coffee down the front of my sundress, and curse. “Holy fuck!”
Gabriel, at the same time, grabs me as I’m tripping over the barstool and keeps me from falling to the floor. Poor Manuel, stuck on the other side of the kitchen island, just stands there and watches the entire scene.
Once everything settles, I notice Gabriel has me held against his chest and I realize he was the swimmer in the pool this morning and it was his ass I was admiring. And I am soaking his shirt with the coffee I just poured down the front of my dress.
In my ear, I hear, “Are you alright, Olivia?”
“Yes. I’m fine.” I say, using the words he used the day we met on the scene of a car accident.
He smirked and said, “Your name is not Claudia.”
Confused, I reply, “Very good. Now what’s your name?”
Pulling myself away from Gabriel’s chest because if I smell his spicy scent for much longer, I can’t be responsible for my actions. I grab a dish towel off of the counter next to me and started cleaning up the spilled coffee all over the floor and myself.
“No, no, senorita. I will clean it up. Please...” Manuel said, pointing to another chair. “Sit. I will make you more coffee.”
I just stand there looking at Gabriel as he is looking at me. Suddenly, I feel very exposed and sticky. The sugar and creamer are all over my sundress. “I better go change.” I say as I bolt for the living room and then the stairway to my room.
As I burst into my room, I start hyperventilating. What the fuck is Gabriel doing here? My luck cannot possibly be this bad, can it? I just don’t have time for a stalker. Wait…. what if he is the one stalking me? Could he be the one who did all that stuff to my house? Crap!! This all started when I called it off the other morning. Oh. My. God.
I quickly changed into a red t-shirt and white shorts, throw my soiled sundress in the sink with some water to soak, put my brother’s phone into my back pocket, and head back down to the kitchen. If Gabriel is the one who has been doing this, then this will stop right now. I am feeling very determined to get back to my normal life and this whack job stalker thing is over. Gabriel can go kiss some concrete as far as I’m concerned. This is over.
As I storm into the breakfast nook, I see Gabriel is talking to Manuel about some dinner plans and the kitchen has order restored to it. They have cleaned the spill up, the barstool is upright again, and even my coffee is waiting for me. And there is Gabriel, looking at me as I stand in the doorway of the breakfast nook, keeping my escape routes open. After the “traumatic incident”, I have learned a few things about self-defense, and knowing and planning any escape routes is one of them.
“Good morning, Olivia.” he says calmly as he sips his coffee and watches me over the rim of the cup.
“Why did you say I wasn’t Claudia?”
“My brother told me that our guest’s name was Claudia. Apparently, unless you’re under an assumed name, he was mistaken, though he’s never been any good at names.”
“What the fuck are you doing here?” I blurt out with a determination in my voice and my hands balled up into fists.
“It is my house, Olivia. I own it. Why are you here?”
“I thought Owen owns it.” I’m still waiting for Gabriel to fess up to this charade and let me get back to my life.
“I own Hughes International, it owns the house, therefore I own the house. I won’t ask again. Why are you here, Olivia?”
I realize now that Manuel has left the kitchen. Now I have no witnesses if he tries to hurt me. Keep your wits about you, girl. You have an exit or two to use if he comes at you.
“I want to go home. How do I do that?”


Chapter 23 - Gabriel

Fuck. What the hell is she doing here and what is she involved with? She looks beautiful standing in the kitchen in her t-shirt and white shorts. Her fists are balled up like she’s ready for a fight. Why is she so angry? I’m going to kill Owen for not knowing her name. If I’d known it was Olivia, I’d probably have sent Matthew. No, I wouldn’t…. don’t lie to yourself. The t-shirt she changed into did little to hide the scar down her neck, but she doesn’t seem to care at the moment.
“You can’t go home right now, Olivia. You know that. Someone is fucking with you and that’s why you are here, isn’t it?” She just stands there looking at me like I just killed her dog or something. Please don’t cry. Please don’t cry.  Please don’t cry.
“Why are you so angry, Olivia?” I ask as I stand from the barstool and walk towards her. I stop as soon as she backs away from me. I hold up my hands. “I’m not here to hurt you, Olivia. You know that, right?” I ask, confused by her reaction to my presence. We just went out on a date a few days ago. I agreed with her we shouldn’t see each other again, but she’s acting like I’m the bad guy here. 
“No, I don’t. None of this started back up until you came into my life and now you’ve followed me here. How do I know you’re telling me the truth? How do I know you haven’t killed Owen and hid his body? Or better yet, you two are in on some sick joke.”
Jesus, this woman has serious trust issues. “I can give you my identification. Would that make you feel better? You’ve talked to Manuel; he can vouch for me.”
“Your identification doesn’t mean you’re who you say you are, or that you didn’t kill him and Manuel works for you. He’ll say whatever you tell him to.”
I nod in agreement. So this is where her head is at. “What can I do to prove it to you?” She just stands there looking at me. It’s killing me to see her like this; why, I do not know, but it is. “I guess we’re at a stalemate, then.”
“Guess so.” Just then, her phone in her back pocket rings. She reaches back to get it, never taking her eyes off of me. I turn around and sit on the barstool again and start drinking my coffee and pick up my fork to eat the rapidly cooling omelet Manuel made me. I can’t help her at this point. She’s going to have to figure this out without me. I take a bite and then turn on the barstool, watching her talk on the phone.
“Hey… yeah… I want to go home, Justin. What’s happening there? Have you found anything out yet?... No… Owen left last night… he tells me he’s his brother, but ever since I’ve met him, I’ve been having these problems… on scene of a car accident last week…. No, I haven’t fucked him, Justin, Jesus… how do I know it’s him?... hold on.” Olivia puts the phone on speaker and then taps buttons on the phone. I suspect she’s Googling me.
“Go to the website I just texted you. Is the picture on the top of the web page the guy in front of you?” I hear over the speakerphone. I know what her brother is having her look at. It’s the company’s website, and at the top, it shows me in a dark business suit, with my arms crossed over my chest, standing in front of a large window at the top of our building.
“Yes.”
“That’s Gabriel Hughes. He owns Hughes International, and he’s legit. You can trust him, Olivia.”
Olivia looks up at me and then takes the phone off speakerphone. “Okay... yeah... Hurricane Marco is headed this way? Are you serious? It was a tropical storm at home and headed south. What category is it?... Fuck me… Okay. Just keep me updated on what’s happening at home. I want this to all be over…… Love you, too…. Bye.” She hangs up the phone and slips it back into her pocket.
I turn on the barstool and keep sipping my coffee. Do I make this easy or hard for her? She stands behind me for a few minutes, not saying anything. I finally reach over to her quickly cooling coffee mug and nudge it towards the spot next to me, inviting her to sit and drink her coffee and eat her omelet. Eventually, she sits next to me and I realize that she’s sitting so close to me that I’m having difficulty breathing. I slowly inhale her smell of some sort of flower and close my eyes briefly. This is a job, Gabriel. You cannot fuck her. You cannot start anything with her…. she is a wealth of issues and problems you do not need. Get over it. Call Maria.
“I’m sorry.” I hear her say in the smallest of words. Fuck me. I so want her. What the hell is wrong with me?
“Are you hungry? Your omelet is getting cold.” Let’s start on neutral territory.
“Actually, I am,” she answers. “I really am sorry. I didn’t mean to accuse you of something you haven’t done.”
“No worries. You’re smart to question everything. Help yourself to whatever you like. If you need anything, anyone around can help you. Help yourself to all the facilities. There’s tennis, swimming, a game room, television with a gaming console. The grounds have a lot to offer you. Please, make yourself at home, just don’t try to leave. The guards have instructions to keep you here. It’s safer.” I say as I stand up from the barstool without looking at her, because right now, I want her so much that I can’t be this close to her any longer. I walk towards the living room when she asks, “Where will you be?”
“I have work to do. I’ll be in my study.” And with that, I walk away with the biggest hard on I’ve ever had.
∞
I sit in my study looking out the window and getting absolutely nothing accomplished. I have so much work to do, but I can’t believe Olivia is here in my house and in my care. Suddenly, I need to know what I’m up against, so it’s time to call Owen.
“Hey, everything alright down there? She giving you any trouble?” Owen asks, in place of a proper greeting. You have no idea, brother.
“Tell me her back story. What do you know?”
“All I know is that she’s a medic at home. Her brother called and said someone killed her yard and broke into her house, drew chalk lines of bodies in her kitchen and her bedroom, and then poured blood all over her house. Not sure why or who. But he said she had an incident a few months ago, and she had to defend herself. She ended up the only survivor in that incident. That’s all I know.”
“What do you mean she had to defend herself?”
“Not sure. I figure she kicked someone’s ass or something. She’s a tiny little thing to do something like that, but I could tell she is spunky the second I talked to her. Why are ya asking? Want me to call her brother and get more details?”
“No, I’m just trying to find out what’s going on and what I’m up against.”
“Should be a cakewalk, Gabe. Work on your tan. Get laid. Drink. She should be a simple job.” I can hear someone in the background calling his name.
“You should go. I can hear you’re needed.” I tell him as I look out the window of my study and see Olivia walking around the pool area. 
“Yeah, I need to go…. Oh, one more thing…. I heard someone say something about a storm. You should look into that. Make sure all is good. Gotta go.” And then Owen disconnects. 
I bring up the weather app on my phone to see what’s going on because that’s the second time today I’ve heard something about a storm. As the app is loading, I watch Olivia walk around the pool one more time and then disappear around the side of the house. I tap a few buttons on my laptop and bring up the security cameras and keep watching her walk around the premises. Looking at my phone, I see that we have a day or two to decide if we need to get out before the hurricane hits this area. Currently, it’s only a category two, which means it was strong, but it could move and go another direction at any time. Right now…. nothing to worry about, but I’ll keep my eye on it. And the other eye on her.


Chapter 24 - Olivia

I am so bored. What the hell do you do in the middle of the jungle? Nothing. Sounds like a bad joke, but it isn’t. A lot of nothing. As I walk around the compound, I notice that there are a lot of security guys wandering around with giant guns on their back, but all of them keep a large distance from me.
“Lost?”
I jump and spin around to the voice I recognize. “What is it with you Hughes brothers? Your brother scared the daylights out of me last night, too. Don’t you boys know not to sneak up on a woman?”
“My apologies…. for me and my brother. Although, you should know that I have another brother, Matthew, so if he scares you, then you have had the trifecta and should be good. Oh, wait, you have met him. Do-boy.” Gabriel says, smiling at me.
I smile back. “Ah, yes, Do-boy. I don’t like him, but I’m afraid my friend Piper does. She never was a good judge of character.”
“Would you like the tour?” Gabriel asks, pointing at the house and ignoring my comment about my friend.
“Sure. Nothing else to do.”
“You're in paradise, Olivia. Most people wouldn’t complain.” He says as he heads towards the house.
“I’m not complaining, it’s just not my idea of paradise.” I stop walking and Gabriel turns around towards me. “Really, Gabriel, I’m not complaining, but my life has been a mess the last few months and once I think all is fine…. all hell breaks loose and now I’m here. I don’t mean to be ungrateful. I appreciate all you and your brothers are doing for me based on a favor for my brother. I really do.”
“I didn’t mean to suggest you were complaining, but…. you’re welcome. Favors in the military are…. well, they’re just more duty bound than when someone borrows a cup of sugar. So…. it’s our pleasure to help you and your brother out.” he says, looking at me, face-to-face. Crap, he has brilliant eyes and a powerful jaw, and the memory of his lips on mine is very difficult to forget. Who the hell wants to forget that? Oh, yes, me…. because I’m an idiot. I just know it. 
“Thank you…” I say, breaking eye contact and starting towards the house again. “How about that tour now?”


Chapter 25 - Gabriel

“You do have a game room. I thought my brother was kidding. Holy crap!”
“Do you play?” I ask, indicating the pool table.
“A little. I suck, but I enjoy it.” She’s walking around the table, feeling the baize and the solid wood table.
I cannot believe she just said that. Get your head out of the gutter, man. She meant at the game, not actually sucking, I’m sure… although… “Would you like to play?” I ask, tapping on the table with my fingers.
“Nah…. I’d rather play that over there.” Olivia says, pointing to a game of Corn Hole on the other side of the room.
“Really? That we got eons ago when we were kids, but I haven’t played since then.”
“Can we play or are you afraid of a little competition?”
“Afraid of a little girl like you? Please…. I’ll be blue. You’re orange.” I toss the beanbags at her and I’m impressed that she catches three of the four. I suppose I shouldn’t be. She is a medic and I would hate to have a medic work on me that didn’t have good hand-eye coordination.
“You’re going down, sucker!” Olivia exclaims, finding the throw line marked on the floor.
“You wish, girlie. And because you’re a girl, you go first.”
“That’s not a good enough reason, but I’m not complaining. Here we go,” she says as she tosses her first orange bean bag back towards the wooden elevated stand at the other end of the room. Her bag hits the board and glides into the hole at the top of the platform. “Going down! That’s 3 points for me.”
“Bring it.” I tease and toss my blue bean bag towards my stand. I miss the hole, but at least it lands on the board.
“Ha Ha. Only 1 point for you, poor baby,” she pouts her lips for me. “My turn…. and I’m winning already.” She states, matter-of-fact.
“Now you’re just being cocky…… you know what happens when people are cocky.” Did I really just say that? Damn, she’s cute and beautiful all at the same time. Keep repeating your mantra…. she’s just a job, she’s just a job, she’s just a job.
“Yeah…. well, I’m not being cocky…..I’m just right…. like all the time. It’s a gift, really.” She smiles. Oh. My. God. I don’t think I’ve ever seen her smile. She’s beautiful. I wonder if I can get her to do that again.
Olivia throws her second bean bag and makes the board, but not the hole. “Crap,” she squishes up her nose at the board at the end of the room. “Four to one… I’m still winning.”
“See…. too much confidence…. it’ll get you every time.”
“Whatever. Just throw the bag, Gabriel.”
I toss my bag and exclaim, “Nothing but net” as the bag doesn’t even touch the board, but lands right in the board's hole. “So now we’re even, four to four…. what did you say about going down?” I did it again… I’ve never realized how many sexual references this game has. Fuck, and now she has her hands in the back pockets of her shorts, making those beautiful tits stand out. Don’t look, don’t look…. crap, you looked. I’m getting hard and there’s absolutely no reason to. Wake up, man…. you can do this job without touching her. She’s just a job, she’s just a job, she’s…. beautiful and she’s about to throw the next bag.
“My turn and just because we’re even doesn’t mean you’re not going down, mister.” She says as she tosses her next bean bag towards the board, but just as she does, I whisper in her ear, “Please don’t put your hands back into your pockets.” She completely misses the board and the hole. The bean bag doesn’t even come close to the board. Olivia just stands there and stares at the board for a few moments and then says, “Your turn…. now’s your chance to beat me.”
“With pleasure.” I say as I aim my bean bag towards the board at the other end of the room. As I go to throw it, Olivia smacks me on the ass and says, “Go for it, buddy.” I also completely miss the board. I cannot believe she just smacked my ass. What can I do to get her to do that again? I’ll play this game all night if she wants to.
“That wasn’t fair, Miss Prescott.” I say, cocking an eyebrow at her.
“Huh…. it wasn’t? Are you sure?” Olivia smiles as she puts her hands in her back pockets, drops her last bean bag, juts out her breasts, and walks out of the game room. “How ‘bout the rest of that tour?” she says over her shoulder.
Fuck me…


Chapter 26 - Olivia

His ass is wonderful and I can’t believe I smacked it. Get a grip, girl. Of reality, not his ass. “This is a nice place. Do you guys come here often?” I ask as we make our way back towards the dining room. Something smells wonderful from the kitchen and I raise my nose in the air to inhale more of the delicious smell.
Pulling a chair out and indicating for me to sit at the dining room table, which is already set for dinner, Gabriel replies, “Unfortunately, since my father’s heart scare and my mother’s stroke, we haven’t been here together in quite some time.”
“That’s too bad. How’s your father and mother doing?” I ask apprehensively, not knowing if one or both of them are still alive. How do you ask if someone’s parents are alive or not? Not the best topic for some people.
“They’re doing pretty good now that they have all three of their children out of the military and running the family business. We all try to have dinner together at least once a week when we’re all in town, but sometimes that just doesn’t work out.”
“Oh…. I hope you’re not missing one of those dinners because you’re babysitting me.”
“No. When we’re out of town on business, they understand. And I am not babysitting you; I’m keeping you safe. There’s a difference.”
“What would you call it then? Playing games with me and giving me a tour of this massive place…. sounds like the job of a nanny to me.” Just then, a short Mexican woman walks into the dining room. She looks from Gabriel to me and then smiles. “Senor, Senorita…. are you ready for dinner? Tonight is mi mamsita’s special…… arroz con pollo.”
Gabriel turns to the woman and says, “Margarita, please meet my friend Olivia. Olivia, this is Margarita. She keeps everyone very well fed and taken care of. She’s been a part of our family for many years now.”
“It is very nice to meet you, Senorita Olivia.” Margarita says, bowing her head.
“Oh, it’s my pleasure to meet you, Miss Margarita. It must be a tough job to keep the Hughes brothers under control.” I say with a smile.
“Si, si, it is, but I am up to the challenge.” Margarita laughs as Gabriel shakes his head. “Are you two hungry for some arroz con pollo?”
“Yes, please.” Gabriel and I answer together. Margarita smiles a knowing smile, looking from him to me, and then says, “Well then, I will return with the best meal for both of you.” As Margarita walks out of the dining room, I look at Gabriel and say, “Jinx.”
“Jinx?” he questions me with a confused look on his face. Seriously, has he ever lightened up?
“Jinx. You and I said the same thing at the same time and so I called ‘Jinx’ first. Now you can’t talk until I release you from the jinx.” I state proudly.
“But...”
“Ah, ah, ah….no speaking.” I say as I put my finger to his mouth to shut him up, but suddenly, there are sparks flying between us like fireworks on the Fourth of July. I can feel the same electric currents I felt the day of his car accident when I was bandaging him up. His lips feel so soft under my finger and I just stare into his eyes as he looks at me. My heart is racing so fast. He slowly smiles and then takes my hand around my wrist, pulls my hand away from his mouth, and then gently kisses my finger. Holy. Crap. In. A. Bucket.
He starts to say, “I….”
“Dinner is served.” Margarita exclaims as she walks into the dining room with two plates of delicious smelling food. Quickly, I jump back to my seat and yank my hand away from his grip. Margarita doesn’t seem to notice as she comes between us and places our plates in front of us. I think I’m losing my battle to keep him at bay and I’m afraid I may be okay with that. Ugh, this is so frustrating.
“Smells delicious, Margarita.” Gabriel says as he keeps his eyes on me.
“Gracias, Senor Hughes.”
“Yes, delicious.” I agree, looking away from his eyes and at Margarita.
“Gracias, Senorita. Por favor, if you need anything, let me know, si?”
I just nod, but Gabriel answers, “Of course, thank you” and then Margarita goes back towards the kitchen area and disappears.
Looking away from Gabriel and towards my plate of food, I grab my napkin off my lap and then the plate off the table as I get up. “I better take this to my room to eat. Thank you for the tour, Gabriel.”
“What? No, please stay.” he says as he stands up because I’m leaving the table and it’s obvious that he has ingrained manners.
“Good night, Gabriel.” 
“Olivia…. please stay.” He gently puts his hands on my shoulders and turns me around, and directs me back towards the dining room table. “It’s going to be okay. You know that, right?”
Sighing and shaking my head, I say, “No, no…. I don’t, Gabriel.” But I sit down at the table again, resigned that I’m getting in over my head and do not know how to stop it. What the hell are you doing, girl?
As I eat my dinner, I look up at him and realize he senses my nervousness. “Tell me about your family. You have a brother, right?” he asks as he wipes his mouth with a napkin.
“Yes, I do. Justin.” I smile. “I love my family so much. I just don’t understand how some people hate spending time with their own family. It was always just the four of us, but we always had fun. He’s on road patrol for the police department. He’s also why I’m here. He sent me. Apparently, your brother and mine were in the military together. Small world.”
“Does he enjoy what he does?” he asks.
“Yes, very much. Although he and I are very different. I abhor guns, but he uses one daily. It boggles my mind why they even exist.”
“You hate guns, yet you own one?” he asks with a chuckle, apparently remembering the other night when I pulled one on him. Was that really only a few days ago? It seems like forever ago already.
“Yes, I get the irony of it, but I suppose it’s necessary, given my current situation,” I say as I put my napkin on the plate of food. “This was delicious, but I cannot possibly eat any more.” I sit back, looking at him. What the hell is he thinking? I’m not ready to end the evening, even though I know I should.
“Well, you ate more than I expected. Hate it when a woman eats like a bird and starves herself. It’s just not natural, ya know?”
Laughing, I say, “Oh… you have no idea. When a woman starves herself at a dinner, she usually goes home and eats a pint of ice cream. There’s no actual starving going on. We just like to control what others think about us.”
“So what do you want me to think about you, Olivia?”
Crap. I look at Gabriel for a silent moment, then say, “Truthfully? I know what my brain is telling me, but my body is saying something completely different and I’m not sure which one to listen to. So, I don’t have an answer for you.”
Nodding his head, he takes another bite of food and then he places his napkin on his plate, indicating that he is also finished with dinner. He then looks at me, stands up, and takes my hand so that I also stand up. Looking into his eyes, he says to me, “I know which part I’m going to listen to, and it’s not my brain. Maybe you should follow my lead.”
I stare at his lips and lick mine. “My brain is usually right.”
“Not this time, Olivia.” He leans down and stops just before his lips touch mine. “Brain or body. Which is it going to be, Olivia?”
Holding my breath, I reply, “Body.”
His lips touch mine so softly, I barely feel it at first, but as his kiss becomes stronger and more powerful, it feels amazing. His tongue gently strokes my lips, asking for entry. I open my lips slightly to give him access…permission, but his mouth takes complete advantage and his tongue enters and he’s caressing my mouth like an expert, gently stroking my tongue and my lips, giving me thoughts about where else that tongue could do some good. Gabriel’s hands wrap around me so that one of his hands is at the back of my head with his fingers in my hair, guiding the direction of our kiss and the other hand is in the small of my back, molding my body against his. Damn, his body still feels so good…. safe. I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him closer to me as if I can’t get close enough.
I eventually gain some control over my thoughts and my body and gently pull back and smile up at him. “I should head to bed. Thank you for the tour and dinner. It was delicious.”
“As was dessert,” he smirks, but I just smile at him and start out of the dining room.
“Olivia…” he says and I turn around just as I was about to enter the hallway.
“Yes?”
“Would you care to go to the village with me tomorrow? I need to go to the market for some supplies to make you dinner tomorrow night, if that’s okay with you.” He sounded almost nervous asking.
I smile at the gesture. He’s asking me. “Yes. I would love to. What time?”
“I have a couple of phone meetings I need to handle in the morning, so how about noon? I’ll come find you around then.”
“Okay. See you then. Good night, Gabriel.”
“Good night, Olivia.”
As I head up the staircase to my suite, I mutter to myself, “Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid…. STUPID.”


Chapter 27 - Gabriel

“I cannot believe you kissed her, you stupid, stupid man,” I argue with the man in the mirror in the bathroom of my suite. “She’s just supposed to be a job. Olivia keeps warning you away from her…. she obviously has issues since she needs to be here and not at home…. stupid man.” I flick off the light in the bathroom and head to the desk in the sitting room just as my cell phone rings.
“Hughes.”
“Yo, bro. How’s it going over there? Is she driving you crazy, or what?” Matthew asks jokingly.
You have no idea how crazy she’s making me; I think to myself. “No. Everything’s fine here. I’ll be on the conference calls in the morning to make sure you don’t fuck it up, little bro.”
“Gee, thanks for the confidence. I can handle a few phone calls, Gabriel, and you may need to watch The Weather Channel, as it looks like a storm is headed right to ya, so I don’t think you need to be worried about conference meetings.”
“I had heard about a storm this morning, but haven’t checked it lately. I’ll look before bed. Where’s Owen? What’s he up to?”
Matthew laughs. “I do not know. He’s gone radio silent again. Last I spoke with him, he was pulling bikini babes off of himself and the prince and trying to talk the prince into visiting another country. He mentioned something about needing to fly to the Bahamas for something, so you may need to arrange other transportation out of there if the storm stays on its current track.”
“Huh…. that boy needs to realize that this company cannot pay its bills based on favors he owes people. Do you know if Kevin is using all of his fleet?” I ask, referring to a family friend who owns a charter flight business out of Nashville.
“No, I don’t think he is. I can contact him and text ya if you want. I think he’s in Stockholm with his family on vacation.”
“Yeah, can you do that? It would help if I can’t get out of here commercially and I have an extra passenger I need to think about.”
“How’s that going, anyway? Is it a pop princess?” Matthew laughed.
“You will never believe who it is.” I say as I hear the winds outside of my suite whipping around.
“Who? Owen said her name was Sylvia or something like that.”
Shaking my head, I said, “Olivia. The girl I had lunch with the other day. The one we spoke about the other night.”
“No shit! What the hell did you get yourself into?” Laughter comes from the other end of the phone.
“I do not know, Matt. What am I going to do? I really like her.”
“Crap. You like her even more now than before, don’t you? I can hear it in your voice. Bad move, man…. she apparently has a lot of baggage. I know what I said the other night, but this is baggage you don’t need. Get out while you can. Besides…. you don’t do too well with the crazy ladies.”
“Don’t lecture me, and what do you mean I don’t do well with the crazy ladies? I do just fine with all ladies, you asshat.”
“Yeah, yeah, but you have a tendency to pick out the psychos. Don’t make me remind you about Haley. Complete crazed loon and you couldn’t see it until it was almost too late. She thought she was a vampire, dude.”
“Okay. I’ll give you that. She was a bit crazy, but that was years ago,”
“Complete. Crazed. Loon, Gabriel. Crazed loon.”
“Alright, alright. I don’t need a replay. She was a crazed loon. I completely dodged a bullet there, I know.” I sigh into the phone. “Matt, I really like her and I want to help her. I don’t know what it is, but there’s something between us when we’re together that I’ve never felt before. Even with the crazed loon. Her smile and laugh are rare, but so beautiful. She’s all I think about and I want her smile and laughter to happen all the time and I want to be the reason it does.”
Matt is quiet for a minute, but I can hear him breathing, so I know we’re still connected. I’m afraid of what he’s going to say. We’re guys. We don’t talk about shit like this.
“Gabriel, you sound like you have already fallen for Olivia, and if she means that much to you, then you should see where this leads to. But please take my advice and take it real slow. She’s obviously got a lot of shit going on and anything happening now may lead to disaster once the dust has settled and life goes back to normal.”
I nod my head even though Matt can’t see me. He’s right that Olivia and I should take it slow, but I’m not too sure how to do that. Slow has never been in my repertoire. “I’ll try, Matt. Let me know about Kevin’s plane. I’d like it on standby down here, if possible.” 
 “I will. Be careful, Gabriel.”
“I will. And…. thanks, Matt.” With that, we both hang up the phone. I wake up the screen on my computer and bring up The Weather Channel website and click on hurricanes. “Fuck me.” I say to the computer as I see the map of the Gulf of Mexico and the ‘Cone of Error’ showing the direct path of Hurricane Marco is right on top of us. Change of plans, Olivia. We’re heading out of here.


Chapter 28 - Olivia

Sitting on the bed in my suite, I pull out my brother’s phone and pull up the text app to send a text to Piper when suddenly, a picture of Piper’s face pops up on the screen. Swiping the green bar at the bottom, I answer, “How did you know I needed to talk to you?”
“I’m your bestie. I always know. What’s wrong?” she asks, sounding worried.
“Nothing except I kissed him.”
“You kissed who? Justin’s friend? Why? Is he hot?”
“Oh, yeah…you don’t know. No, I didn’t kiss Owen. That’s Justin’s friend’s name. Owen had another job to do, so he pawned me off on his brother. I met his brother on the scene of that car accident earlier this week.”
“NO WAY!! Gabriel is his brother? What are the odds of that? It was meant to be, sister. Meant. To. Be.” Piper cries into the phone so loud, I have to pull it away from my ear.
“Don’t yell in my ear. We’re on a cell phone, not two cans and a string. Yes, Gabriel is Owen’s brother and so that makes three hot brothers.”
“WAIT! You kissed him?” Piper screams again.
Sighing, I say, “Yes. I kissed him and it was nice. Really, really nice. What the hell am I going to do, Piper?”
“So it was really nice?”
“Yes. I said that.”
“And you want me to tell you what you should do?”
“Yes…. I feel like we are having the same conversation over and over again.”
“What do you want me to tell you to do?” Piper asks.
“Tell me what the smart thing to do is.”
“Okay. The smart thing to do is to put an end to it now. You have a lot going on and you are far from home. So, the smart thing to do is to get a hold of yourself and stop now.” Piper says matter-of-fact.
“So. I should put a stop to it.”
“That is the smart thing to do.” Piper carefully answers.
“So you think I should do the smart thing, right?” I ask, even though I’m not sure what I want her to tell me.
“Nope. That’s not what I said. What you asked me to tell you what the smart thing to do was, and I told you. That’s not what I think you should do.”
Sighing again so she can hear my frustration with her, I ask, “Then what do you think I should do, Piper?”
“Are you sure you want to know?”
“I’m asking, aren’t I?” I answer, exasperated.
“Okay. Here it goes. You need to ride that cowboy until you walk funny. Then you need to have him lick up your juices and then do it all over again. That’s what I think you should do.”
“PIPER NICOLE BAUER!”
“Don’t go ‘Piper-ing’ me. You asked what I think you should do, and that’s exactly what I think you should do. You have been single forever and then this crap with Marc happened and now whatever is happening at your house…. it’s just a lot to take in and you need a release. For crying out loud, Olivia, you could put an entire convent of nuns to shame. As a matter of fact, are you still a virgin?”
“Piper…. No, I’m not and you know that.”
“Well, I’m just saying it has been a long time for you and with all the crap that has been happening…. why not? You only live once. You’re not attached and I’m assuming he’s not either, though you should probably check first before you go riding anything. Anyway, girl, you need to let loose, have some fun, enjoy life. I do not know where you are in Mexico, but I’m sure it’s wonderful and you’re wonderful and he looks wonderful and all is wonderful, so go have a wonderful time. Who says you can’t do this? “
After a few silent moments, I ask, “Did you really tell me to have him lick juices? Where do you get these things?”
Piper laughs hysterically on the phone, which is making me laugh. “I make this shit up as I go. Don’t you know that about me by now?”
“Yeah, I suppose I do. So, you think I should just go with the flow, huh?”
“Yes. Go with it. See what happens, just go slow. What’s the worst that can happen… never mind. Don’t answer that. Wrong choice of words.”
“Yeah, it was, but I know what you mean. Okay. Ya know, he may be kicking himself right now for kissing me to begin with. Technically, I’m just a job for him.”
“Stop the self-depreciating crap. You’re wonderful, smart, funny, beautiful, and my best friend, so I will not sit here and listen to you say that about yourself. If he is, then dump his ass before anything else starts. But I would bet our plane that he’s in his room kicking himself for not following you to your room and stripping you naked and doing all kinds of nasty goodness to you.”
“Okay, stop making shit up. Nasty goodness? Okay. We need to talk about something else. What’s happening at home? Have you heard from Justin today?”
“Have heard nothing, but all is quiet here. There’s an undercover car sitting outside of the hangar and it follows me around everywhere I go. I freaked out this morning and called Justin only to find out it’s one of his guys who he has watching me. It’s sweet, but freaked me the hell out today. He needs to communicate that kind of stuff to a girl. But, all is quiet. Right now, I have Alana and Sam on a flight. Hah, you’ll love this. It’s the same cranky lady you had a few nights ago. She was already driving them crazy before they even took off.”
“That’s great.” I said, laughing into the phone. “That woman was intolerable, but money’s money, right?”
“You said it, sister. So how ya holding up otherwise?”
“I’m good. I’m tired. All the stress is getting to me because all I want to do is go home. And I miss my dog, but it’s beautiful here and tomorrow, Gabriel and I are going to a local market to get some stuff so he can make me dinner.”
“That’s really nice, Olivia. Really nice. Enjoy this. You deserve it.”
“Don’t you dare make me cry, woman.” I say, even though I have a tear in my eye already.
“Then I better let you go. Just remember one thing.”
“What’s that, Piper?”
“Ride ‘em cowboy! Love ya.”
“Oh my God, you did not just say that to me. You are obnoxious. Love ya, too. Good night.”
“Night.” Piper says, and then the phone goes dead. I put the phone on the charger so I’ll have enough battery power for the next day. I get up and walk to the French doors leading out to the balcony, but I don’t open them because it’s pouring rain outside with tremendous gusts of wind.
“This doesn’t look too promising.” I say to myself. After getting ready for bed, I climb in and turn out the light. I just stare at the ceiling and think about Gabriel and the kiss. The man can kiss…. or has it been too long and you have no idea how men kiss anymore? Nope, it’s him. He can kiss. Wonder what else he does well? Turning onto my side, I punch the pillow and shake my head. Just go to sleep, Olivia…. one day at a time.
∞
A light knocking on the door to the suite wakes me up. As I scurry out of bed and throw a robe on, I ask, “Yes?”
“Olivia? It’s Gabriel. Can you open the door, please?”
I look at the clock and see that it’s only 8am. I thought we were meeting at noon. As I slowly open the door, I see him standing there looking like he just got out of the shower. His hair is all wet and slicked back and he’s dressed in khaki pants and a red polo shirt and his smell is to die for, all musky and spicy and delicious. “Good morning. You look beautiful.”
“Thank you, but I just got out of bed, so I don’t believe you. What’s wrong? I thought you had some work to do, and we were meeting at noon.” I say as I’m smiling at him.
His expression changes to one of worry suddenly. “We have to leave earlier than expected. The storm is heading this way and we’ll lose our window of opportunity to leave if we don’t leave by noon. Can you have your stuff ready to go in an hour? That way, we can at least visit the village before we leave? I can show you around a bit.”
“Oh, sure. I can be ready by then. Are you sure we have time? Shouldn’t we leave as soon as possible?” I’m standing in the doorway to my suite, holding the top of my robe tightly closed.
“The plane is on its way to the international airport to clear customs and won’t be here until then. So we have time. I’ll have Manuel set up breakfast downstairs when you’re ready. Is pancakes okay?”
“Yes, pancakes are perfect. Thank you. I’ll be ready shortly.” I say as I go to close the door to the suite, but something is blocking the door and as I turn around, I see his eyes looking at me and his foot in the doorway. “I can’t get ready if you block the door, ya know.” He leans down and takes my head in his palms. Slowly, he leans down to place a small kiss on my lips. Such a sweet gesture.
“I should have done that first. Good morning, Beautiful.”
“Good morning. Now, are you going to let me get ready or not?”
“Can I help?” he asks, smiling, but looking at me like a bird to its prey.
“Yes, actually, you can help me, Gabriel.”
“I can? Okay.” He goes to push the door in, but I’m blocking the doorway now.
“You can go get breakfast ready.” I say, smiling as I close the door in his stunned looking face.
“Not funny.” I hear through the door as I head towards the bathroom for a shower. I’m going home. Finally.
∞
After eating breakfast alone in the breakfast nook, I get my bags that are all packed and head downstairs. “Ready?” Gabriel asks as I descend the staircase into the foyer. He holds his hand out to grab my bags.
“Yes. Very ready.” I say as I hand him my bags.
“I like your choice in travel bags.” he said, indicating the medical bags I’m using as luggage.
“Piper was being resourceful. Had to get out of town quick…. so she used what was available.” I explain, shrugging my shoulders.
“I like it. Let’s get going before the weather gets even worse.”
As we walk outside, a big gust of wind blows my hair around. “Man, this wind is unbelievable. I hate hurricanes.” I fight to keep my hair out of my eyes as I have to squint to keep the dust and debris flying around out of my eyes as well.
“Well, this is only one of the feeder bands. It’s only going to get worse because Marco is a category four now. Are you sure you want to go into town? We can just stay here until it’s time to get to the airstrip.” He says.
“No, no. I want to go. I’ve been stuck in your giant house for almost two days. I’ll suck it up and deal with the wind just to get out of the house.” I smile and wiggle my eyebrows at him as I climb into the same truck I rode in from the airport the other night with his brother, Owen.
“Okay then, let’s go.” He starts the truck and pulls out of the driveway and past the gates. The last time I was on this road, it was dark and difficult to see, but in the daytime, I realize that there’s nothing surrounding the property. Just lots and lots of trees.
The road is rough because of the potholes being created as the feeder bands sent waves of rain onto land, creating pot holes where there were once dirt roads. Gabriel navigates around them as much as he can until we finally make it a few miles away from the house to a paved road. The ride becomes smoother, but the silence feels awkward and uncomfortable.
“We should talk about last night.” I decide I need to get it all out in the open.
“What about last night? We had dinner. What’s there to talk about?”
“Seriously? You want to do that? Just ignore it?” I can’t believe what I’m hearing. He wants to ignore it? Fine… I can do that.
“Ignore what, exactly?” He looks over at me like I have two heads.
“Humph…. whatever. Just forget it.” I snap, turning away from him so that I’m practically facing out the passenger side window.
“Oh…. you mean after dinner. When I had the absolute honor of finally kissing you properly? When I could feel your lips that are so soft and taste so sweet? When I was able to finally feel your hair around my hands? When I could feel the movement and tenderness of your tongue? When I could actually feel your body give in to what it was craving, as was mine? Is that what you want to talk about, Olivia? Because if so, please…. I would love to talk about it. It would give me great pleasure to relive that moment and hopefully, I will be able to reenact it in the future…. like the near future…. like really, really soon type of future. Is that what you want to talk about, Olivia?”
“Ah….” I hesitate. Oh my God!
“Olivia, are you okay?” he asks as he continues to navigate around debris in the road.
“Um, yeah.” I whisper as I’m looking out the windshield. Gabriel pulls the truck over to the side of the road where the trees are up against the side of the pickup truck. He puts the truck in park and turns in his seat towards me. 
I’m looking at him with a questioning look. “Why did you stop?”
“I want to make sure you understand what I’m saying, so I want to look you in the eyes when I say this.” he says, grabbing both my hands and linking our fingers together. “I absolutely treasure the gift you gave me last night. You trusted me and I want you to know that I understand what that means for you. I’m thrilled beyond words that we had that moment last night. I want to have many more moments like that with you. Many, many more.”
“Gabriel…. I enjoyed last night as well. But you have no idea what me trusting you means. You really have no idea, but I appreciate you think you do and you see it was a big deal to me. I thought you were being an ass earlier…. which you have been to me in the past….so it wasn’t a far stretch.” I smile at him to show I’m teasing.
“I was an ass to you? I don’t remember it that way, Miss Firefighter Paramedic Lieutenant Whatever.” he teases back.
“Oh, I do, and I have witnesses. Even my partner thought you were an ass.”
“Okay. Maybe I was, but it had been a rough and long day. I had a head injury. Surely, you can’t hold that against me.”
“I suppose,” I laugh as I see another big gust of wind blow the trees that were up against the truck, making a scratching sound. “We better move or your truck’s going to be all scratched up.” I say as I turn back to Gabriel. The look on his face made me stop talking. “What?”
“Come here,” he demands. “Scoot over on the bench seat a bit.”
I hesitate a second, then undo my seatbelt and move closer to him in the front cab of the truck. Letting go of my hands, he put his hands on either side of my face, his fingers in my hair and just stares into my eyes.
“Olivia…. I know you trusted me last night, and hopefully, right now, and soon, you will continue to trust me with more of you, but you need to know that I want…. desperately want…. like I haven’t wanted before….. for you to completely trust me, to let me hold you and you let go, to let me know what happened and what I can do to make it better for you. For us to get to know each other more and more. I have no idea why, so please don’t ask. I’m not trying to understand it myself. It’s not like me at all, but you need to know I want to. Okay?”
I just stare back into his eyes for a minute and then I lean into him to kiss his lips. “Okay.”
“God, Olivia…” he says as he kisses me. This time, it felt more like a plea than anything else. I can do this…. he wants to be here with you and you need to learn to trust again…. God, are his lips soft. My body is so turned on right now and we’re in the middle of a road, in the middle of nowhere, Mexico, and in the middle of a hurricane. Sounds about right, girl. Get all hot and bothered at the most inconvenient time. What’s wrong with you? Oh, yeah…. you really like him.
∞
As we pull into the local village, there are a lot of vendors still selling their goods even though there’s a category four hurricane coming. 
“Why aren’t they packing up and leaving? This is dangerous, don’t you think?” I ask, not believing all the items that are still set out for sale. Some local vendors have tables out with baskets of fruits and vegetables and others have local crafts placed in a row on the ground, all up for sale, and other vendors have headless chickens hanging for sale. “All of this stuff could become a projectile and kill someone. Doesn’t the local government care?”
“This is their way of life, Olivia. The only way their families will eat is if they sell what they have. So… they’ll wait until the last possible minute before leaving. And, no, the local government doesn’t care. It’s too corrupt to care and they’re probably already long gone by now, anyway.”
“Wow…. this is awful. I mean… I’ve been through my fair share of hurricanes in my life being a native of Florida, but I still don’t take them lightly. Especially a category four. The winds alone can gust up to 155 mph. That’s just crazy.”
“I know. Let’s get what we need and leave so that we aren’t contributing to their craz…..” Gabriel stopped mid-sentence. When I look at him, it looks like he’s staring off into space, but with a concerned look.
“Gabriel? Are you okay?” I ask as I look in the same direction he is, but I’m not seeing anything in particular to distract him from our conversation. He doesn’t answer and I repeat my question, shaking his shoulder. “Are you okay, Gabriel?”
“Ah… yeah….” he says as he takes me by the elbow and guides me into an alcove that has an arts and crafts display and another vendor who has hand stitched colorful clothing displayed even though they are all swinging in the wind.
“What is it, Gabriel?”
“I just thought I saw someone I knew. I must be seeing things, I guess. It’s not possible, anyway.”
“Don’t you know a lot of people in the village? You have a giant house here…. they all must know you.”
“Yes, I have a big house, and I know some villagers, but this didn’t look like one of the villagers. Nothing to worry about. Just took me by surprise, that’s all. Must be the weather.” He picks up a dress that looks like it had been handmade. The intricate stitching and the feel of the cotton is beautiful. “This would look lovely on you.” he says as he heads towards the vendor. “Quanto?” he asks him.
“Gabriel, no. I don’t need a dress.” I argue although the dress is beautiful.
“Don’t you like the dress?” he asks as he pulls out some cash.
“Yes, the dress is lovely, but you don’t need to do this. I can buy my own things.”
“I’m not buying it because you can’t afford it. I’m buying it because I think it’ll look amazing on you. So let me do this, okay?” He looks at me with his eyebrows raised.
“Fine.” I say, shaking my head.
“Treinta y cinco dolares, senor,” the vendor replies.
“Guardar el cambio.” Gabriel says, giving the vendor forty U.S. dollars.
“Gracia, senor.”
“Tener cuidado con el clima. Est ova a ser un problema serio.”
“Si, senor.”
“What did you just say to him?” I ask as I take the bag that the dress is in from the vendor.
“I asked how much and then told him that the weather was going to get pretty bad and to be careful. You live in south Florida…. don’t you speak some Spanish?”
“Not a word. That was very nice of you, both the warning and the dress, although I don’t need a dress. Thank you just the same.”
“That was easier than I thought it would be. I figured you’d argue with me until the end of time.” he laughs as we walk back into the main corridor.
“Me? Argue? I have never argued.” I tease, as Gabriel takes my hand. Oh…. that’s nice.
“Yes, you argue. Why was that so easy? I’m becoming suspicious.” Gabriel pulls my hand so that I turn toward him and we stand there in the middle of the walkway, just looking at each other.
“Truth?” 
“Always the truth, Olivia.”
“I really love the dress.” I laugh, looking at him like a child on Christmas. 
That’s when I notice that there’s a speck of debris on Gabriel’s red polo shirt. But it’s no surprise since the wind is blowing so much, there’s debris flying all over the place. I try to wipe it off of his shirt. Gabriel looks down to see what I’m doing when suddenly we realize it isn’t a speck of dirt, but a red laser. I yell his name at the same time he yells mine. I don’t know who pushes who first, but both of us fall to the ground when a loud explosion erupts. 
When I fall, I land on my shoulder of the same side as where my scars are and it hurts like hell and knocks the wind out of me. I look around to see what’s going on, my paramedic training taking over. I dropped the dress bag when I fell, but don’t care about that right now. I look for injuries on myself, but don’t see any. I go looking for Gabriel, but I can’t see him in the chaos that’s going on around me. People are screaming and running to take cover.
I feel myself being picked up and moved. Looking behind me, I realize Gabriel has grabbed me and started running down an alley. “Gabriel…. we need to go back. Someone could be hurt!” I attempt to yell as I’m now being dragged, but because I am still trying to catch my breath, not much came out.
“Olivia! Move. NOW!” he yells back at me. I have no choice because he has such a grip on my arm that I have to make my legs move.
“Yeah…. need the plane now…. no…. no…. yeah, she’s fine…..no, I’m fine….. Hidalgo street… 1 minute.” Gabriel stuffs his phone into his pocket and keeps running with me in tow.
“What’s happening, Gabriel?” I ask, trying to make sense of everything.
“Just keep moving, Olivia.” he barks at me. That’s when I see the gun in his other hand and then I notice he keeps looking behind us. For what, I don’t know. I keep looking behind me to see if I see anything, but I see nothing.
“Here…. down this street.” he says, directing me to another, smaller road…. technically, not a street, more like an alley, but that’s not up for debate right now.
Suddenly, there’s a black SUV that pulls up at the end of the street we are running on. I stop in my tracks and Gabriel is now pulling me. “Olivia…. now…. move!”
“No. Who is that?”
“They’re with me…. move!” He pulls me even harder and I have no choice but to run with him. As soon as we get to the SUV, the back doors open, and Gabriel practically throws me into the vehicle. He climbs in behind me and yells, “Vamanos!” to the driver before the door is even closed. The driver takes off like a bat out of hell. What the fuck is happening? I can’t take anymore. I just can’t.
“Senor, senorita, are you all right?” Manuel asks. I recognize him. He’s the cook from the house. What the hell…
“Gabriel…. what’s going on?” I demand.
“We’re leaving now. We are on the way to the airport. The plane is waiting to get us out of here. Are you alright? Are you hurt?” He has his hands in my hair and down my arms, feeling for any injuries I might have. Sliding all over the back of the SUV because of Manuel’s driving, I’m trying to brace myself so that I can look him in the eye to see if he’s actually kidding because no one acts that normal after something like that happening to them. No one.
“Are you kidding me? Am I okay? We were just shot at. You                            threw me down, dragged me through the streets of Mexico, then into an SUV, where your cook is driving like he’s in NASCAR, and you want to know if I’m alright?! Yep. Just hunky dory, Gabriel. How about you? How are you doing on this fine July day? WHAT THE FUCK, GABRIEL!!!”
Gabriel grabs me and forces me to look at him. “Olivia…. I’m not gonna lie to you. I have no idea what’s going on, but my job is to keep you safe, and that’s what I’m doing right now. I need to know if you’re okay. Tell me.” Why is looking him in the eyes having a calming effect on me? Oh my God. We were shot at. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my Go….
“Breathe, Olivia. Just in and out. Real slow. Breathe,” he says as he’s breathing in and out to show me what I need to be doing. I follow his lead and I’m calming down a bit.
“Oh, my God, we were shot at. Who did that?” I whisper more to myself than to him.
“I don’t know, but I will find out. But not before you’re safe. Are you hurt?”
“No, no. Just had the wind knocked out of me. I think I’m okay. Are you okay?”
“We’re here, senor.” Manuel interrupts as he fishtails the SUV onto the tarmac and next to the jet. 
“Come on. Let’s go,” Gabriel says as he opens the door. “We need to get airborne as soon as possible.”
I follow him out of the SUV and up into the jet. Behind us, Manuel is bringing our bags that were in the back of the SUV. How they got there, I do not know because they were in the pickup truck we took to town this morning. The engines are already running and the pilot says something to Gabriel, but I can’t hear him over the sound of the engines. The stewardess closes the door and almost immediately, the jet moves.
“Buckle in. We have emergency clearance to take off.” Gabriel points to a pair of leather seats. I look around the interior of the jet and instantly recognize that this jet is a lot nicer than any medical flight jet I’ve been on. The interior is all muted colors of beige and pale green. There are two rows of leather seats facing the front of the jet and then two couches facing each other behind the seats. There are two coffee tables in front of each couch. I see a door in the back, but there isn’t a sign on it telling the passengers what is in there.
I pick a seat and buckle in when I notice that Gabriel’s shirt is covered in blood. “Oh, God! You’re hurt.” I say as I unbuckle my seatbelt to work on his wound.
“No! Stay in your seat. I’m fine.”
“Oh… not this again!” I say, referring to our first encounter. “You are not fine. Let me look.”
“Olivia… the plane is taking off. Once we’re in the air, you can look at it,” he says as he’s buckling his seatbelt. “But I’m fine.” He smirks.
“This is so not funny right now, Gabriel. Take off your shirt at least. I can look at it from here.” Just then, the plane’s nose points upwards and the gravitational pull of the takeoff pushes us both back into our seats.
“You just want to get a look at my chest.”
“Oh, yes. I hired someone to shoot at you while we are on a spontaneous shopping trip so that I could get your shirt off and ogle your chest. How did you ever figure me out?” I shake my head. Seriously…. why is he making this a joke? 
Once the plane levels off, Gabriel takes his shirt off. “Oh, geez…. excuse me, ma’am.” I say to the stewardess over the top of the seats. “Do you have a first aid kit on board?”
“Yes, ma’am…” she answers with a disgusted look on her face, seeing the blood all over Gabriel’s arm. “I’ll go get it. It’s in the back.” She scurries away to retrieve it.
“Ouch!” he says as I move his arm for a better view.
“Don’t be such a baby. It’s barely a scratch. You won’t even need stitches, but it will be sore for a day or so.” Just then, the stewardess arrives with the first aid kit. 
“You don’t need any of my help, right?” she asks me as she holds her hand up to her mouth as if she’s going to be sick.
“Oh, no. I’m fine. Are you okay?” I ask her, wondering if I’m about to have two patients on my hands. The stewardess is looking very pale.
“Yes, I’m okay… just a bit queasy around bodily fluids. I’m going to go sit in the back.”
“Okay. Let me know if you need me to check on you. I’m a medic…. so just let me know.” I call to her as she leaves to go sit in the back of the plane and out of the line of sight of the blood. 
The stewardess just waves her hand in my direction. “Will do. You let me know if you need anything as well.” She nods her head to the both of us and then she’s gone. 
“I don’t think she means that.” I whisper to Gabriel.
He watches as I open up the first aid kit and look for the supplies I need to bandage him up. “Sorry. This isn’t my plane or a medical jet, so I’m not sure you have a lot of things to choose from in there.” Gabriel winces as I clean his wound with some gauze and peroxide.
“Tell me we did not just steal a plane, Gabriel. I don’t know how much more I can take if we are now fugitives.”
“No. Nothing like that. Owen has the company jet, so I had to borrow a friend’s.” He says, watching me dab hydrogen peroxide on a gauze and start wiping away the dried blood on his arm so that I can see the actual injury. He jumps as I clean the wound.
“I borrowed my neighbor’s lawn mower once. Not nearly as expensive or exotic.” I say, trying to distract him from what I’m doing. I’m able to get most of the blood off of his arm and it looks like the bullet just grazed him. We were lucky. Very lucky.
“You have a plane, Olivia.”
“No, my company, that I am a co-owner of, has a plane. And most of the time, we’re trying to figure out how to pay for the jet fuel, so… no, I don’t have a plane. What I have, most days, is a very expensive paperweight.” I pull out some bandages and tape out of the first aid kit. “Besides, this plane and your plane are much nicer and bigger than mine. Although, mine has a stretcher in it, so there’s at least a place to sleep when we don’t have a patient onboard.”
As I’m taping down the bandage, Gabriel just stares at me, watching me move. “What?” 
“There’s a bed in the back of my plane, although not on this one. This one just has an office.”
“Of course your plane has a bedroom.” I say sardonically. “There, you are good as new.” I announce proudly, placing the last piece of tape over the bandage.
“Thank you.” Gabriel gets up and opens one of his bags and pulls out a shirt. I watch him put it on, a bit sadden I can’t see his chest anymore.
“You’re welcome. So…”
“So… what?” he asks.
“When do we land? I can’t wait to see Brownie and sleep in my own bed.”
Shaking his head, he said, “We’re not going to Palm Beach, Olivia.”
“What!? Why not? You said we were going home.” I yell so loud that the stewardess in the back looks up from her magazine to see what the commotion is about. Noticing all looks okay, she resumes her reading.
“No. I said we were leaving, I didn’t say we were going home.” 
“That’s just semantics, Gabriel. You knew I would’ve assumed that leaving meant going home. Where are we going then, if not home?” I angrily sit back in my leather seat and look out the window.
“Nashville. I have a condo there and you should be safe until we figure something out.”
“I’m safe at home. I just want to go home.” I say as my eyes well up with tears.
“Oh, Olivia, please don’t cry.” He gently puts his uninjured arm around my shoulders and pulls me towards him, but I want nothing to do with him right now and push him away.
“No, just leave me alone.” I push against his chest.
“I will not do that, Olivia. Look at me.”
Taking a deep breath, I sigh, “Gabriel… just…. leave me alone for a while. Okay?”
“No. Talk to me.”
“Talk to you?! You want me to talk to you? Okay…. fine. Here’s what I have to say…. I’m done.” I splay my hands out to emphasize my words. “I want to go home to my own house, my own bed, my own dog, and live my simple little life. But can I do that? NO! Of course not. I have a brother who is way over protective, a partner and a best friend in cahoots with said brother and now I am flying across two countries, running from God knows who for God knows what and getting shot at. There seems to be a hurricane chasing me, three brothers who have been nothing but a pain in my ass since last week, and on top of all that…. I happen to really like one brother and I’m not ready to like anyone. So, no…. I just want you to leave me alone for a while…… oh, and I lost the pretty dress I had.” I add at the end, with the tears streaming down my face. Why can’t anyone trust my judgment and do as I ask?
Gabriel unbuckles his seatbelt, reaches over to me and pulls me into his chest, tucks my head under his chin, and just holds me as I cry.


Chapter 29 - Gabriel

As Olivia’s sleeping, I just stare at her, watching her breathing in and out. She’s so beautiful. What the hell did I just get us into? What happened at the market makes no sense. I wasn’t paying attention. I got distracted and let my guard down, and now I’m injured and she could have been hurt or worse. Then you let her cry on your shoulder. Bastard. What the hell are you doing? You’re going to end up hurting her.
I stand up to walk to the back of the plane when the stewardess notices me. “Can I get you anything, sir? Is your arm alright?”
“My arm is fine, but could I get a blanket for my friend?”
“Oh, of course.” She moves to get the blanket out of a closet at the back of the plane. “Here you go. Would you like a drink or something?”
Taking the blanket from her, I say, “Oh, that would be wonderful. Scotch, neat, please.”
“Coming right up, sir.”
As my drink is being made, I open the blanket and gently place it over Olivia. She mumbles something incoherent and snuggles into the blanket, making me smile. I gently caress her cheek.
“Here you go, sir. Scotch, neat.” the stewardess whispers.
“Thank you. What’s your name?” I ask, finally noticing the older woman. She is a bit plump, but has a sweet face and seems friendly enough. She has gray hair, and she is obviously trying, but failing, to fight the signs of aging.
“Mildred, sir. Would you like anything else?”
“No, thank you, Mildred.”
“Very well. I’ll just be in the back if you need anything.” She says and turns to walk into the back of the plane to resume her reading.
I move to the front of the plane and sit away from Olivia so not to disturb her, but be close enough if she wakes up or needs me I can be with her quickly. Taking out my phone, I hit my brother, Matt’s, number.
“Hey. Where are you?” Matt asks, skipping the pleasantries.
“On Kevin’s plane on our way to Nashville. That’s a need to know basis, by the way.”
“Why? What happened? Why aren’t you coming home?”
“Something happened in Mexico. I think I saw someone I knew.”
“Gabriel, you know everyone. What happened?” Worry comes through loud and clear in my brother’s voice.
“I think I saw Russo….and then…. we were shot at. Could be my imagination, but I don’t think so.”
“Wait…what? How’s Olivia? How are you? Are you hurt?”
“No, Matt. I’m fine, just a scratch on me, but not sure if this was my imagination or if this is whoever is after Olivia.”
“Gabriel, Russo is in prison in Afghanistan. This must be in your head. But then why would someone being trying to kill Olivia? What the fuck did she do? We need to get more answers out of her or her brother at this point, Gabriel. Why aren’t you coming home? Want me to send Owen to watch Olivia?”
“No. I’ve got her. I want to make sure all is okay before bringing her home. And I know Russo is supposed to be in prison, but you know how volatile the region is. Can you get in contact with some of your resources, or Owen’s, and just make sure? Something feels off and I don’t want to put her in any more danger than she may already be in. I’ll work on getting the entire story from her, but just in case, can you have Owen talk to her brother as well?”
“Yeah. I’ll call someone and get back to you and have Owen call her brother. I still think it’s all in your head, though. Russo couldn’t have gotten out of prison there. At least not yet. It must have been about Olivia, but if it is, then what her brother told Owen is a lot bigger than anyone thought.”
“Yeah… I was thinking the same thing. Let me know what your contact says, okay? I just want to be sure.”
“Dump your phone, Gabriel. Just in case.”
“Will do when we land. I’ll be at the Hermitage if you need me. I don’t want to bring her to my condo… just in case, ya know?”
“Got it. I’ll call you when I know something. I’ll also get Owen up to speed.”
“Thanks.” The phone goes dead as I pull the battery out of the phone and break the phone with my boot. I get up and check on Olivia, but she’s still sleeping soundly. So I head towards the cockpit. “Good evening, gentlemen, thank you again for getting us out of there so quickly.”
“Good evening, sir. You’re quite welcome. We should land in about an hour or so.”
“That’s good. Thanks.” I say, heading back to sit next to Olivia. Staring at her sleeping, I take her hand and bring it up to my lips and gently kiss the back. She doesn’t even flinch. That’s good… just keep sleeping, sweetheart. I promise to do my best to keep you safe from whatever monsters are chasing you…… and myself if I can help it.
∞
“Olivia… time to wake up. We’re getting ready to land.” I whisper into her hair and then kiss the side of her head.
“Hmm? Oh, yeah. Okay. I’m up.” she says groggily, trying to sit up in her chair and untangle herself from the blanket on her.
I laugh. “Oh, yeah. You look completely awake. How are you feeling?” I ask, looking intensely at her for any signs of the distraught woman who went to sleep in my arms.
“I’m fine. Sorry about earlier. I don’t know what came over me.” She hesitantly looks at me and then realizes I’m holding her hand and she smiles, looking down at our hands together. “I slept pretty well, actually. It’s been a long time since that’s happened.”
“Why? You don’t sleep well?”
“Ha...” Smiling at him, she says, “No, it has been a quite an eventful few months, and before that…. well, I’m a medic. We don’t sleep much at the station, so when I’m home, I tend to keep the same habits.” She replies, shrugging her shoulders. “Part of the job, I guess.”
“Will you tell me about the last few months? I really want to know. I want you to trust me, Olivia. And after this afternoon, I need to understand what we’re all up against.”
Sighing, she asks, “Why do you want to know, Gabriel? It happened, it’s in the past, and it’s over. It’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s that it doesn’t matter anymore. I can’t let it dictate my life. If I tell everyone, then it owns me and my life, and I’m just not willing to let that happen. So just forget about it, okay? I want to.”
“Olivia, no matter how much you try to ignore what happened to you, it is dictating your life right now. Look where you are and why you’re here. And what happens to you in the past always affects your future, no matter how many times you try ignoring it. I just want you to include me and I can’t protect you from whatever is chasing you if I don’t know the whole story.” Olivia just shakes her head and I can see that she’s about to say something when Mildred announces that it’s time to put the seatbelts on and prepare for landing.
Grabbing her seatbelt and fastening it, she says, “Gabriel….”
“What? Tell me.”
“We aren’t even a ‘thing’…” She uses air quotes. “Yet. So just let it go for now. Maybe someday, I’ll tell you. But there’s enough going on right now, don’t you think? And what happened in the past has nothing to do with whatever happened this afternoon. Isn’t it possible we were just innocent bystanders? Caught in the crosshairs, if you will? A coincidence?”
Taking a deep breath, I shake my head. “Yes… I suppose you’re right. But don’t think I don’t want to know and help you. I’m liking this ‘thing’…” I use her air quotes back at her. “Between us and I fully plan to see it through. And I don’t believe in coincidences. There’s no such thing.”
“We’ll see.” She smiles back at me just as the wheels of the plane touch ground.
∞
After clearing customs, we find ourselves in yet another black SUV. This time, it’s a Lincoln Navigator. “Do you have any other color vehicle?” she laughs as the driver navigates the downtown streets of Nashville.
“You don’t like the color of my vehicles?”
“When I met you, you were driving a black vehicle, you came to get your USB drive in a black vehicle, you picked me up for lunch the other day in a black vehicle, your cook rescued us in a black vehicle, and now, low and behold…. another black vehicle. I’m just saying, there’s seems to be a pattern or a theme here.”
Nodding my head, I say, “Yes, you’re right. Very observant. I like black. Nothing wrong with that, is there?”
“Seems a bit… morbid is all.”
“It’s not morbid, it’s discreet.”
She laughs so hard; she has tears coming out of the corner of her eyes. “Oh, yes. We are completely invisible.”
“I didn’t say invisible, I said discreet. There’s a difference, Olivia.” I say as if my feelings are hurt, but they’re not. I’m just playing along.
Still laughing at me, she asks, “I didn’t actually hurt your feelings, did I?”
“Yes you did. I work hard to be discreet.” I tell her as I fake a hurt look.
She unsuccessfully tries to contain her laughter. “Okay. I’m sorry.”
“You’re forgiven only if you do one thing for me.”
Hesitantly, she looks at me as if I’m going to bite her. “And what’s that? If you are trying to get me to tell you about Marc, you are so out of luck.”
“You can kiss me.” I say, looking at her from the other side of the backseat of the SUV as we are still navigating the streets of downtown Nashville. I have no idea who Marc is, but I will find out. She has no clue she just let that slip. She looks up in my eyes, oh, those eyes, and leans over to kiss me, but I take her hand and link our fingers and pull her closer to me. I realize we are having a moment together, just looking into each other’s eyes. She looks intense and a little conflicted. Wondering what she’s thinking, I place her palm onto my cheek, close my eyes, and lean my head into her hand. She strokes my face. I then palm her cheek as well and the look in her eyes goes from intense and conflicted to intense and determined. 
“Sir,” the driver says, clearing his throat to interrupt us. I look away from Olivia and I suddenly feel a loss. How can someone looking at you make you feel more whole and when they look away, less? That makes no sense, but it does. I want to keep looking at her forever. But first things first. We need to talk and get through this mess. “We’re here, sir.” the driver says as he gets out of the front seat and heads towards Olivia’s door to open it. Climbing out of the black SUV, she looks around. “You live in a hotel?” 
“No. I don’t think it’s safe to bring you to my place…. just yet. I definitely want to bring you there, soon, but until I know what happened in Mexico, I thought it better if we stayed away from there for now. Come.” I take her hand and lead her into the hotel and up to the reception desk.


Chapter 30 - Olivia

The only word I can say about the hotel lobby is that it is grand. Grand walkways, grand columns, grand piano, just everything grand. It’s beautiful. It looks like a picture of an old time plantation home, very southern and aristocratic. Dark woods lined the crown molding around the ceiling, and winged back leather chairs placed strategically around the lobby, encouraging people to sit and enjoy the scenery. An enormous fireplace was in the center of the seating area, but because it’s July, there is no fire lit.
“Good evening, sir. Do you have a reservation?” the polite man behind the reception counter asks Gabriel, who is still holding my hand.
“Yes. Name’s Patterson. Allan Patterson.”
“Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Patterson. Here we go. I just need you to sign here and you can be on your way.” says the now obviously kissing ass man behind the reception desk.  Mr. and Mrs. Patterson? Now we’re married and under an assumed name? Seriously, I think I’m stuck in a Jason Bourne movie. Sliding the key cards across the desk, the reception man says, “Top floor, suite 1900. Enjoy your stay, Mr. and Mrs. Patterson.”
I just smile at the guy and follow Gabriel, with our hands still linked, towards the bank of shiny elevators. The entire time, Gabriel is looking around as if he’s searching for an exit, or someone in particular. The elevator dings and we climb in and the doors close so that we are the only ones in the car. “What were you looking for downstairs?” I ask apprehensively, not sure if he would tell me or even if I want to know. This could be some place he brings his floozies, and he wants to make sure he doesn’t recognize any of them, or worse… one of them recognizing him.
Sighing and looking at me as if he realizes I am still here, he says, “I was surveying the floor plan, making sure that I knew where all the exits are and that I didn’t know or recognize anyone.”
“Oh. You don’t think whoever shot at us this morning could be here now, could they? I mean, we didn’t even know where we were going when we took off and we have only just landed. No one’s that good, surely.” I say, shaking my head, not believing for a second that anyone I know would be capable of doing all of this.
“No, but we have a lot to talk about tonight, Olivia, and one of those things is about a guy named Russo.”
“Who’s Russo?” I ask just as the elevator dings and opens the doors on the 19th floor. We both step out and Gabriel turns towards the left as if he’s been here before. 
“That’s for later. First, we take showers, get cleaned up, and have some dinner. Is chicken wings and pizza good for you? I’m craving a cold beer.”
“Those plans sound lovely. Wings, pizza, and beer. That’s my kind of night.” I answer as we walk into the suite…. more like another mansion. Everything is super modern. Nothing like the décor in the lobby. Everything in the suite is black or white, or if not, then it’s some shade of grey. It’s like stepping into a black and white movie. “Although, this is not my style of decorating.” I mumble.
“Not mine either. We can turn the television on for color,” he laughs.
“Not a bad idea. Which way are the rooms?”
“Yours is on that side of the suite. Mine’s over here. Why don’t you take a shower first and I’ll have the hotel bring up our bags and order dinner?”
“Sounds perfect.” I head toward my room. There is a long hallway to go through before getting to any rooms, still all in the black and white theme. Suddenly, I feel my hand being pulled behind me and Gabriel instantly kissing me. 
“I thought we should do this before you left me for a shower.” he whispers in between kisses.
“I like this, but I’m starving….” I answer back.
Pulling away, he looks me dead in the eyes. “I meant it when I said we needed to talk tonight. About a lot of things, Olivia.”
Nodding, I turn and head towards my room, leaving him standing in the middle of the long hallway. I’ve been thinking all day that I need to tell him what happened with Marc and with all he’s going through for me, I actually owe him the whole story. I’m not looking forward to telling him this, but he’s right. We can’t move forward until all our cards are on the table. I’m just not too sure how to even begin to tell him.


Chapter 31 - Gabriel

“You landed?” Matt answers the phone on the first ring.
Staring out the floor to ceiling windows overlook downtown Nashville, I hold the cordless phone to my ear and sigh. “Yes. We’ve landed. Tell me you found out something. It’s Russo, isn’t it?”
“Yes, but I have worse news than that. He took out two of your squad guys. Foland and Mullins. What the hell happened to tick this guy off, Gabriel?”
“Long story. Fuck…. Foland just had a kid. How’s his wife?” I pace the living room of the suite, running my hand through my wet hair, making it stand up straight.
“I got someone on it right now, but that’s not who I’m worried about. Where’s Olivia? Is she okay?”
“Matt, I got it. She’s fine. We’re both fine…. I need to figure out our next move. I’m pretty sure we got out of Mexico fast enough to throw him off our trail. How the hell did he get out of prison? Didn’t the Afghans sentence him to life for stealing all those artifacts? What the fuck happened?” I whisper into the phone, trying to keep my voice down so Olivia doesn’t hear me. I keep looking down the hallway towards her room to make sure she isn’t coming.
“There was a prison break two weeks ago. He was one of the prisoners who got out and then somehow, he managed to get out of the country. Not sure how he found you in Mexico, because it was supposed to be Owen, though. Tell me you lost your phone….and hers.”
“Yes, Matt, I destroyed my phone and ditched hers as well, although I don’t think she’s in his crosshairs yet.”
“Gabriel… you were with her when he shot at you. He knows he can get to you through her if needed. So, yes…. she’s vulnerable now, too. What’s the plan? We need to coordinate getting you and her out of there and to the safe house.”
“Matt, I’m not going to a safe house, but I’ll send Olivia there tomorrow. That’ll give us some time to organize. I need Owen close if he isn’t already. Let me call in some favors and I’ll get you up to speed tomorrow.”
“I’m not a fan of this. We should get you out of there now, not days from now.”
“I need to get some things in place. We’ll hole up here and I’ll send her to the safe house tomorrow. It’s too late to do anything right now. Just get Owen to the safe house so he’s there when she arrives, okay?”
Sighing loudly, he says, “Fine. I’ll update Owen… and Dad. He can help get the safe house ready. Is she gonna be okay with going there?”
“I’ll deal with that. Thanks, Matt. I’ll call you when the plan is ready.”
“Okay. Tomorrow.” The phone goes dead and I just stand by the window now, looking out at the city, but not actually seeing anything. 
“Have you seen my phone, Gabriel?” Olivia asks as she walks into the living room, drying her wet hair with a towel. “I can’t seem to find it in my stuff you put on the bed.”
“I threw it out when we landed. It has GPS on it and I didn’t want anyone tracking us.”
“Threw it out?! Gabriel, that was not my phone and now I have no way of getting a hold of my family. No one’s tracking me, for crying out loud!” Olivia throws the towel on the couch and stomps over to me, getting in my face. “That was not yours to throw out. That was my brother’s, very expensive, I might add, phone. And my lifeline to him and Piper. Now what am I going to do?” she says, shoving my shoulder.
I grab her wrist as she does and pull her against my chest. I can smell the perfumed soap and shampoo she used. “I’ll replace the phone. Don’t worry about it, but you can’t be replaced, so I don’t care about the phone.” I whisper to her with our lips within millimeters of each other, staring into her eyes and still holding her wrists. Then I lean in and take her mouth like it was mine to possess. I lick her lips with my tongue and she opens hers to grant me access. I kiss her like I’ve been waiting for her for forever. Letting go of her wrists, my hands go into her hair and around her head. I pull her tight against my chest and groan when I feel her breasts push against me. I turn her so that her back is against the window overlooking Nashville, then I can’t help but grind my hips into her so that she can feel what she’s doing to me. Her hands are pulling on my hair and she’s pushing back on me like she can’t get enough.
Suddenly, there’s a bell going off. I pull away from her by only an inch. “Shit. Room service. Hungry?”
She opens her eyes, breathing fast. “I’m starving.” She says, but she doesn’t look like she’s hungry for food.
“Me, too.” I say, still only an inch from her face. The bell goes off again. Taking a deep breath, I pull away from her and stroll to the door of the suite while adjusting myself so that I can handle the issue at the front door.


Chapter 32 - Olivia

“Oh, my God, these wings are the best!” I slurp up the sauce off my fingers.
“The best in Nashville, though, there is a place in West Palm Beach that makes better wings. We should go one day.”
“There’s no way anyplace can make wings better than this. I’ve never tasted them with this type of spice before. But I have found my new love affair. These wings! You gonna eat that last one?” I ask, even though I pick it up and start eating it before he can answer.
Laughing, he says, “No, by all means, help yourself.” He picks up the pizza box and the box of chicken bones we polished off and carries them to the kitchen of the suite. Grabbing two more beers out of the fridge, he heads towards the living room couch. “Time to talk, Olivia.”
Sighing, I get up from the long dining room table and head to the living room. I sit down on the comfortable lounge chair and take the cold beer Gabriel’s offering me. “So what do you want to talk about?”
“I’m going to tell you a story, but then you need to tell me your story as well. No way around it. I need to know to keep us both safe. You need to tell me about what happened and your theory on what happened at home that has you running as you are.”
“Gabriel, I’ll tell you, but I don’t think the past is really going to make a difference. I just…” Shaking my head, I look around the suite. “Don’t want you to have all that in your head about me.”
“You think that whatever happened will affect how I see you?” he asks as he sits on the side of the lounge chair beside me. I can feel his warmth. I wish I could curl up in it and we can both just forget everything that’s happening.
I look at him and then look away. “Yes.”
“Seriously! After the last two and a half days, you think I would think differently of you? After that last kiss before dinner? Do you want to know how I think of you?” He sounds frustrated. He pushes his hands through his hair. “I can’t stop thinking about you, Olivia. I can’t stop thinking about how your hair smells, fruity, by the way, how your quick wit is stimulating, how beautiful you are, and I don’t know how to stop wanting you to tell me about yourself, your family, your hopes and dreams, and I can’t stop wanting to protect you from your fears. So, no, I will not think of you any differently when you tell me about what happened. I don’t think you could shock me, Olivia. I want to tell you about me, my family, my hopes and dreams. I want to show you stuff and bring you places. Why? I have absolutely no idea. I have never wanted anything else like this before. Ever. If my brothers heard all this…” He snorts. “They wouldn’t believe it. And neither would I a week ago, but since you verbally sparred with me in the back of your truck, you have been impossible to get out of my head. And what’s more…. I don’t want you out of my head. So…tell me, Olivia, just tell me.” Gabriel rambles on in such a hurry. I’m having trouble taking it all in.
Gabriel gets up and is pacing the large living room now, still running his hands through his hair, making a sloppy, sexy mess of it. When I think he’s done, I ask, “You can’t stop thinking about me?” in such a small voice, I’m not sure he heard me say it.
He stops his pacing and drops his hand. “Constantly.”
Taking a long drink from my beer, I stare at my feet. “I’m finding I’m doing an awful lot of thinking about you, too, Gabriel. And that scares the living shit out of me. Just so you know.” I look up at him and find him looking at me.
“Now I know.” Smiling at me, he walks over to my lounge chair. “Move up.” He motions for me to move up on the chair. He slips in behind me and pulls my back to his front. Wrapping his arms around me, he moves my hair and kisses the back of my neck. Again, I’m feeling safe in his arms. I can feel all of his warmth and I am basking in it. 
“Why are all the drapes closed?” I ask, noticing that the room is completely closed off.
“Just a precaution, and it feels like we’re all alone, doesn’t it?”
I nod and realize I kind of like it, too. I’m cocooned in this weird-looking suite and cocooned in the arms of this man that I’m falling for fast. It feels right.
He starts his story. “In 2009, I was in Afghanistan with Special Forces. We were patrolling an area that had a lot of insurgents. I’ll spare you the details, but suffice it to say, we were trying to stay low key and invisible while working with the Afghani police and protecting the troops who were doing most of the fighting. I was with my team. We grew up together in the Army. We were a solid group of guys. We did everything together. And we had each other’s back, no matter what. An all for one and one for all kind of thing.”
“Like we are at the fire station. We’re family.” I try to relate.
“Exactly. Anyway, I was packing up some of our stuff while talking to one of my best friends, Jack Russo. He and I have always been close. Closer than I was to my brothers or parents. Really close. l was his best man at his wedding, type of close. We both had figured that we’d die in the Army and we were okay with that. We were protecting our country and our freedom. We’d die for anyone on our team, but Russo and I were especially close. You get my drift.” 
I nod and place my hands over his arms that have encircled me, encouraging him to continue.
“So, we were packing our bags up, just getting notification that they were shipping us to another part of the country, when I noticed items in his bag that weren’t standard issue. Like a solid gold chain with a medallion on it and a gold vase with a filigree edging. I asked him about it and he blew it off as items he purchased at the local market. I thought nothing of it at the time. He said he was sending it home to his girl in the states. So we packed up and left. They sent us to Iraq at that point.”
“Where in Iraq?” I ask.
“Doesn’t matter. Just in Iraq.”
“If you tell me, you’ll have to kill me kind of thing?” I laugh.
“Something like that. It’s my story…. let me tell it.” he scolds me.
“Sorry, continue.” I respond, enjoying more of the warmth of his embrace.
“So we’re in country a few days when I grab his bag and mine to transfer to another bunk when I realized his bag was about fifty pounds heavier than mine. I looked in it and found a lot more stuff than what I originally seen the first time. Stuff he shouldn’t have had. He walked in on me and saw what I was doing and flipped out, cursing at me, and then attempted to slug me. Lucky for him, some of the team walked in, two guys named Foland and Mullins. They pulled him off of me before it got out of hand. I was stunned. Here we were trying to keep it together for the people we serve and trying to stay alive and he’s stealing everything that isn’t tied down.”
Gabriel got real quiet then, and I can feel the frustration coming off of him. I said nothing, but waited for him to continue.
“Here I was, trapped with a thief in a hostile country, in charge of a team I thought was solid, and I have to report my best friend to my superiors. I was pissed. Beyond pissed. And he knew what I had to do. He begged me not to turn him in, and I almost didn’t. He promised up and down that he wouldn’t do it again. But then I remembered why we were there and his total deception to me that we were on the same page… there to represent our country, fighting for our freedom and establishing positive relations with the Iraqi police. That’s not why he was there. Then I felt betrayed. That was the day I relayed the information to my superiors. I will never forget the look on his face when the MPs came to get him. They searched his bag and found about a hundred grand worth of coins, jewelry, and other items that belonged to the Afghan and Iraqi people. And he was selling it for profit on the black market and undermining what we were trying to do.” 
Gabriel stops talking then. I can feel him taking deep breaths, like he’s trying to work through something in his head before speaking. “You felt betrayed and lied to, Gabriel. What you did was necessary and right. You did good.” I stroke his arms wrapped around me, still with my back to his front. I try to soothe him the best way I can in the position he has us sitting in.
Letting out a deep sigh, he says, “I know. It doesn’t make it any easier, though. Anyway, that’s the history. This morning, in the market, I thought I saw him there. Apparently, I did. After the MPs arrested him, because he disgraced the Army, he was dishonorably discharged and turned over to the Afghan police. He was sentenced to life in prison over there. His wife and kid left him. He lost everything. His freedom, my friendship, the team’s loyalty, his family… everything.”
“That’s why you shrugged it off today, isn’t it? You figured it couldn’t be him. But it was him, wasn’t it?” I ask as I turn in the lounge chair so that I can look him in the face.
 “Yes, it was him. Matt says that there was a prison break, not unheard of in those parts, and he was one of the prisoners who escaped. I do not know how he got out of the country or how he found me…. us. But he has.”
“So now what? Do you call the police?”
“Already been called as well as the Army. Now… we wait. He’s coming after me and I know why, but I’ll have to stop him if the cops can’t get to him. Hopefully, he won’t be able to get into the U.S., but we’re Special Forces. If we want something… we get it.”
“So…. what? You’re just going to sit around and wait for him to come to kill you? That’s ridiculous, Gabriel.” I say with exasperation in my voice.
“I’m not going to die, Olivia. I promise. But I’m also not going to sit around and wait for him. I’m going to need a plan. And that’s where you come in.”
“Me?”
“Yes. I need you to tell me your story now. What happened to you?”
“How the hell is that going to help you?”
“Olivia, I think you know I’m falling for you… hard, and I think you’re falling for me, too. Which I certainly hope I’m right…” he says with hesitation, looking directly into my eyes. 
“Yes, I think I am.” I confirm in a nod and a whisper. “But that’s just complicating things.”
“I need to know what you’re up against, what we’re up against. What’s happened, what I can do to help keep you safe. If I know that, then I can concentrate on taking care of Russo so that this will all end and then we can be together and see where this all leads us.”
What he’s saying makes sense. Fuck…. I don’t want to tell him all that ugliness. “Are you sure you want to know? I have told no one about all this but the detectives. It’s not very interesting.”
“Olivia… I want and need to know. Please…” he says as he turns me in the lounge chair again so that my back is to his front. “Please.” he whispers into my hair. I wish we would move to the couch. This modern furniture is uncomfortable.


Chapter 33 - Gabriel

“Marc. That’s his name. Was his name. We were partners. Great partners. The kind of partners who could talk without words. Being partners in what I do is almost like a marriage. At least, that’s how I think a marriage would be. We spent a third of our life together. Eating, sleeping, working… all attached to the hip, just waiting for the next call. Then, when on the scene of a call, we looked out for each other. He had my back, and I had his.”
“Like me and my team.” I say.
“Exactly like that. Although, we didn’t have anyone shooting at us regularly. What we do is dangerous, but still…. anyway, we worked together for a few years. Nothing ever gave me one inkling of what was going to happen. Marc and I just clicked. I knew he couldn’t drink coffee after lunch or he’d have heartburn all night and not able to sleep in between calls. He knew I hated driving the truck and would prefer to work with the patients. We just clicked.”
“Did you sleep with him?” I can’t help himself…. I just need to know.
“No. Not with him. We slept at the same time, but in separate bunks.” She answers, confusingly. 
“Not what I mean, Olivia. Did you sleep with him?”
She gets what I’m asking. “Oh, my God… no. I did not sleep with him. We were partners, good partners. Great partners, actually. But there was nothing more. We were like best friends. Well, at least I thought we were.” She stops talking and just stares off into space.  
“What happened?” I whisper into her ear, and I can see chills up her arms.
“To tell you the truth, I do not know. We were off one night. It was our Kelly day. You know, the day we have off every three weeks?”
“I remember.” I answer.
“I was home with Brownie. I’d just finished cleaning the pool and was getting ready to watch TV when Brownie barked to go outside. I remember laughing at her because she was bouncing around in circles. I let her out and just as I closed the back door, the doorbell rang. I wasn’t expecting anyone, but I heard Marc yell that it was him. I didn’t think twice about it. He’d been to my house hundreds of times, just as I’d been to his. The only thing weird was that it was kind of late, but again, I thought nothing of it. I opened the door and let him in.” 
She takes a deep breath and lets it out through her mouth. “I asked him what was up and he had this weird look in his eyes. I asked him if everything was okay… because at that point, the hair on the back of my neck stood up. I just knew… knew something wasn’t right, but again…. I thought he and I were solid. That’s when he grabbed me behind the neck and tried to pull me to him. I could see nothing but hatred in his face. And then he spoke in a tone of voice I had never heard from him before.” She stops speaking. I can feel the tears streaming down her face and dripping onto my arms, holding her. “The hatred in his eyes was what I could see the clearest; even right now.” I know she’s at a critical point in her story, so I say nothing. I just show my support for her by holding on to her tighter. 
“I asked him what was going on while I tried to pull back from him, but all he kept spewing was hate. He said that I had been teasing him for years, that he knew we should be together, but I was fighting him. He kept telling me I should worship him and the ground he walked on, but I kept disobeying him. I had no idea what he was talking about. Never once did he make a pass at me, or did we have a moment when things could have turned romantic. Nothing. This was so out of the blue…. I didn’t know how to answer him. I kept telling him he was crazy and to listen to me. But at that point, he didn’t hear a word I said. He still had me by the back of my neck and then he raised his knee up and pulled my head down and knocked me out. I woke up to him in my living room, trashing my place. Everything he touched, he broke. Like it was therapeutic to him. When he realized I woke up, he started spewing hate again. He’d say things like ‘I hate you! You’re a whore who just teases men to get them to do what you want. You have used me for the last time. I will kill you.’ I was terrified. I had never seen him like this… so mad over something I was still so confused about. I loved this man like a brother, but he just had so much hate for me in his eyes.” Olivia stops and takes a deeper breath as she wipes the tears streaming down her face. 
I pick her up; she weighs nothing, and spin her around so that she’s straddling me. I cupped her face with both hands, using my thumbs to wipe away her tears. “Shh…. I got you.” I lean in and kiss her swollen lips softly. “Tell me what happened, Olivia.”
“Well… he kept yelling at me and then yelling at Brownie to stop barking, because by now, she was angry that she couldn’t come in. I guess she knew I was in trouble. She just kept barking louder and louder. That’s what apparently made my next-door neighbor call the cops. She never barks like that.”
“I need to get that dog a enormous bone the next time I see her.” I say, making her smile.
 “She’d love that, although she has received an awful lot of praise for what she did already, so no spoiling her.”
“We’ll see,” I answer. “Go on.”
“Anyway, he kept yelling at her then, at me, calling me a tease, whore, slut, bitch, you name it. I kept asking him to explain what he was talking about, but he kept telling me I knew what I was doing and that he was there to put an end to it. I just couldn’t get through to him. I’ve talked to my fair share of whacked out people on the job, but I’ve never been the focus of their anger, and I. Just. Couldn’t. Get. Through,” she says, emphasizing the last few words about how frustrated she was at the time. “I started trying to formulate a plan to get myself out of there, but he saw through that and grabbed me by my hair and dragged me into the kitchen. He grabbed a knife that was in the knife holder and held it up to my throat.” 
She hiccups and the tears keep streaming down her face. “He tried to cut my throat in half, but I dropped my weight out from under me and that’s how I got this scar,” she says, drawing her finger down her neck to her shoulder. “He hit my jugular and nicked it open. All I saw was red blood everywhere. But I just felt nothing but panic. The medic in me knew I was in trouble, but I kept fighting. I scrambled across the kitchen floor to my island and pulled myself up to grab something to defend myself with. That’s when I found a knife I was using during dinner that night. God was standing right there with me. Gabriel, I saw Him. He looked at me and then looked at Marc. The look of disappointment on His face when He looked at Marc was so saddening. But then He looked at me and I just knew I had to fight.” 
She stops there and looks at me. “I know how that sounds. I know it sounds completely nuts, but I know what I saw. I saw God in my kitchen and… He saved me. The therapist tells me it was a lack of oxygen to my brain and that it was just what I wanted to see, but that’s not true. I’ve seen evil…. in patients, in what the human race does to each other, in Marc…. but I’ve never seen the good until then. He was there. Take that how you want, but I know what I saw and what I felt.” She looks at me like she’s ready to fight for what she believes to be true. 
But I can see the surprise on her face. “I’ve seen Him, too. In a particularly bad incident in May 2005…. I saw. I believe you.” She must’ve needed to hear someone… anyone, say that to her, because when I said that, her shoulders relaxed like a huge weight was lifted off of her. 
“So… I grabbed the knife from the counter and swung it towards Marc. He ducked out of the way and I missed. I could feel my strength draining from me with each beat of my heart and the blood pumping out of my neck onto the kitchen floor. I fell to the floor and Marc kicked me in the side. I heard a loud ‘crack’ and couldn’t breathe at that point, but somehow, I managed to grab his other ankle and he fell to the floor, hitting his head on the corner of the oven. That moment gave me the opportunity to drag myself out of the kitchen. But…. he grabbed me by the ankle and pulled me back. Once more, he raised the knife to me, but this time, he stabbed me in the lower abdomen. I don’t know how I did it. I really don’t. But that’s when I slammed the knife in my hand into his chest and right into his heart. Everything stopped then. We both just looked at each other as we were both dying on my kitchen floor. I started screaming… at least I thought I was, though I’m not sure anything was coming out of my mouth at this point. I kept asking him, ‘Why?’ but he never answered me. He looked so small and fragile just before he said, ‘I hate you’, then he closed his eyes and I knew he was gone. I couldn’t be near him and knew I was in trouble…. I just knew I only had a minute or less to get to the phone to call for help. I could see nothing but blood everywhere. I couldn’t see if it was mine or his at that point, but I started crawling out of the kitchen. I needed to get out of there. But I was so weak. The next thing I knew, I was in the recovery room. I was sore as shit and couldn’t believe I was alive. I asked about Marc, but, of course, I already knew. I had just killed my partner.”
I just hold her in my arms as she cries. Not ugly crying, but just mourning what had happened to her and to her partner. Nothing needed to be said at that point. I hope she knows I understand and that I know she needs me. I decide right then that I’m never letting her go. What that means is something I’m not ready to admit to just yet, but I am ready to be the person she needs in her life. After her tears dry up, I ask, “How long were you in the hospital?”
“A couple of weeks. I had to have multiple surgeries to fix the damage he inflicted. I was out of work for four months, and consequentially, my first day back was the day I met you.”
“That part was fate. I’m sure of it.” 
“You’re not freaked out?” 
“Do I look freaked out?” 
“No, I suppose not, but I’m sitting on your lap. Not like you can just jump up and run.”
“Olivia. I’m not going anywhere. There’s no other place in the world I want to be right now. I just want to be near you. Now tell me the rest. What happened since then to have your brother sending you to another country?”
“Ah, yes. Justin. Well, I got home the other day from a bad shift to find Piper in my driveway. She was checking in on me. She has spies all over the place and she heard about my bad shift. Anyway, we were arguing over whether I was doing okay when she noticed that someone killed my yard so that it said ‘Bitch’. That freaked her out. I figured it was a couple of neighborhood kids. But she called my overprotective, overbearing brother to come check it out. When he did, he searched my house. We hadn’t been inside yet. But when he came out, I could tell something was wrong. When I checked, it was like I was stepping back in time to four months ago. I could smell the blood instantly. But what was bad was that there was blood all over the kitchen…. just like that night. My entire house was trashed, too. But the worse was when I walked into my bedroom. There was a chalk outline of a body on the bed. The mattress was soaked in blood and written in blood were the words ‘You’re Next’. I ran out of the house, vomited all over my now dead yard, and then I passed out. Next thing I know, I’m in the back of my ambulance, my current partner hovering over me checking my vitals, and my best friend and my brother had hatched a plan to send me to Mexico. It was all very cloak and dagger, really.”
“And here you are.” 
“And here I am.” 
“I’m glad your brother is overprotective and overbearing. I’m liking this guy. I need to meet him.” I kiss her and pull her into an embrace, trying to convey my feelings without admitting to them yet. She is braver than most people and went through more than she wanted anyone to know. I am in awe of her. The strength she had to have to survive that and go back to work was admirable. But what it has taken to not completely lose it because of the mess in her house, being shipped off to other countries, and put under the supervision of strangers, is just beyond words. She’s a control freak and to give up that control is sobering.


Chapter 34 - Olivia

We sit in the living room for what seems like forever. I’m getting cold. I can feel the goosebumps down my arms and I shiver a bit. “I need to go to bed. It’s getting really late and I’m getting cold.” I pull away from him and get up from the lounge chair. But as I do, I look at Gabriel’s eyes. They are so dark, they almost looked black. “What is it?”
He doesn’t say a word, but he doesn’t let go of my arms so that I can get up, either. “No,” he whispers. His stare into my eyes is a look that I don’t recognize. He strokes my arms down to my hips, over my thighs, and back up again.
“No?” I put my hands on his chest, feeling the hardness of his muscles through the t-shirt he’s wearing. Slowly, I move my hands around his chest and arms, feeling him and his muscles contract as he’s moving his arms around me. His hands moved up into my hair and he slowly pulls me to his face. “No.” He leans into me and starts licking my lips slowly. God, I love that. I open them slightly and he takes advantage of that moment and presses his lips hard against mine. Our tongues dance inside my mouth like we are listening to the same music in our own heads. We both start kissing over and over like we just have to kiss. Not just want to, but have to. 
I feel him pull me closer to him so that I pressed my very tender breasts against his chest. He groans at the contact. He slips his hands underneath my shirt to feel my skin. He wraps his hands around my rib cage to my back over and over again, but each time, moving them higher and higher until I can feel his hand brush the bottoms of my breasts. He hesitates a second before slowing moving his hands up to my breasts, and I don’t argue, so he keeps going, letting me steer the direction we are heading. I groan at the touch of his hands on my heavy breasts. I can feel how wet I’m getting and an urge I need fulfilled.  
“Your breasts are perfectly round and completely real, just how I like them.” He paws my breasts without touching my nipples. He slowly works his way to them. Then suddenly, he swipes his thumbs across them quickly, feeling them standing up as straight as can be. When he does this, I have to pull back from his kiss and inhale quickly, “Oh, God!”
He takes that moment to pull my shirt off of me. He immediately replaces his hands on my breasts. He swipes his thumb over my nipples again, and again. I have to inhale quickly, but I can’t open my eyes.
“Watch me.” I immediately open my eyes and let him see all my desire for him. He leans in and takes one of my nipples into his mouth, and he sucks and nibbles. I have to close my eyes again. “Watch me, Olivia.” I open my eyes again and he moves to my other breast and takes my other nipple into his mouth and nibbles while pinching the other nipple with his thumb and finger. The more he bites and pinches, the more turned on I’m getting. He becomes bolder and squeezes and bites harder, and I can’t hide that I’m close to an orgasm. I keep my eyes open, though. One more time, he tortures my breasts and I fall over the edge. I yell out a curse. My whole body tenses and convulses, then I sink into his chest. 
∞
Gabriel’s chest feels wonderful under my cheek as I lie against him, coming down from my orgasm. It has been so long since someone did that to me, I almost didn’t recognize the feeling when it started up from my belly. It was wonderful, and if I’m honest with myself…. I want more. He has wrapped his arms around my naked back and is just holding me to him, but because I am still straddling him, I can feel his erection pushing against me in just the right spot. I move against him, letting his erection rub against me even though we are both wearing jeans.
“Olivia…” I can hear the strain in his voice, but I shush him with my lips, kissing him and showing him I want more. I can sense his hesitation at first, but I finally get him to open his lips and I attack his tongue with a vengeance. Licking and sucking his bottom lip, I can hear and feel him groan in the back of his throat. I slowly drag my fingers into his hair, pushing and pulling him in the direction I want to go. His hands are all over my back, stroking my skin and making it feel like it’s on fire. Suddenly, he pulls away from me, but doesn’t let me go. “Olivia, stop.”
“Why?” I look at him like he’s crazy. Here I am practically throwing myself at him after all the chasing around the last few days, and now he wants to stop? What the fuck? “What’s wrong?” I ask as I withdraw my body from his.
He realizes I’m pulling away from him, and he grabs my wrists and gently kisses the palm of both hands and then puts them on our joined laps, but he doesn’t let go. “Olivia… I want to. I really want to,” he says as he has one of my hands feel his hardness through his jeans. “As you can tell, but after all this…. stuff today and tonight…” He has concern and worry lining his forehead. “I don’t want this if it’s not something you want as well. I’m not going anywhere. This doesn’t have to happen tonight.”
I contemplate what he’s saying and realize it has been a really rough couple of days. The storm, the shooting, the flying across two countries, and then telling him my story. He’s right. It has been a bit much. What am I doing? I know I’m starting to really like Gabriel, and not just because he’s gorgeous and has the darkest eyes I’ve ever seen, but also because he seems to have a wonderful heart. These are feelings I haven’t had in the past. Is this lust? Is it… more? Should we be doing this with everything else that’s been going on? He’s probably right. We should stop.
“Gabriel, you’re right. It’s been quite an eventful few days, hasn’t it? I guess I just overreacted a bit to the situation.” Nodding my head, I just look at him, our faces just inches apart. He leans his head in to rest his forehead against mine and he takes a deep breath in and slowly lets it out. “But…”
“But?” he asks.
My heart’s racing so fast, I’m sure he can hear it beating. He must be able to hear it, because that’s all I can hear. I want this. Even with all that’s happened, I really want to be with Gabriel right here, right now. Hopefully, he won’t turn you down, girl.
Taking a deep breath, I say, “But I don’t want to stop. I want this as much as you do. Love me tonight, Gabriel. Help us forget for a little while, at least.” I barely got the words out of my mouth when he grabs the back of my head and smashes our lips together. He wraps my legs around his waist as he stands up and carries us both into the master bedroom. He gently places me on the bed and then reaches to turn on the side lamp. 
“No lights.”
“I want to see you and I want you to see me, Olivia. Lights are necessary for that.”
“Then turn on the bathroom light.”
“Olivia… what don’t you want me to see?” he asks as he heads towards the bathroom to switch on the light.
“I only want you to see what I’m ready to show you… please.” I plead. 
He nods and turns the light on in the bathroom and closes the door halfway to mute it. I appreciate the sentiment and him not pushing the subject more. The scars are too new and I’m just not ready to show him that part of me yet. 
I’m laying topless on the bed and watching him walk towards me, when he sits on the side of the bed and gently strokes my hair. “You’re beautiful, Olivia. So beautiful.”
“You should take off your shirt.” In one fluid motion, he discards his shirt onto the floor. He climbs onto the bed so that he’s lying right beside me. I can’t wait to touch him. I have to mentally tell myself to take it slow. His chest is so chiseled. I had no idea there’s such a thing as an eight pack. I had read about it in my silly romance novels, but I just thought that was a myth. But I am seeing it with my own two eyes and all I want to do is lick in between each one. All the way down to that V thing he’s got going on there. Hold your horses, girl.
“Olivia. Are you sure about this? I meant it when I said I’m not going anywhere. This will happen, but it doesn’t have to happen tonight. We can just lay here and I’ll hold you all night.” He has one arm propping his head up and his other hand is gently stroking circles on my belly.
We both lay there quietly for a few moments, something silently being spoken between the two of us. I turn on my side to mimic his position. “Can’t we do both?”
“Absolutely.” he says as he leans over me and kisses my lips. The passion I’m feeling is overwhelming. I lay back, and he kisses down my neck slowly while his knee pushes up in between my legs so that I’m riding his knee. I grab onto his back and can feel all his muscles move and contract as he moves from kissing my neck to my collarbone. He licks his tongue into the valley at the base of my neck and then trails his tongue between my breasts.
His knee keeps moving up and down, putting pressure just at the right spot, letting the jeans do most of the work. I can feel that familiar feeling building again. I moan as he takes one nipple into his mouth while he pinches the other one. He slowly increases the pressure from his knee and pinches my nipple harder. I meet his knee stroke for stroke, not being able to calm the storm brewing in my stomach. I can feel it building higher and higher. I finally tumble over the edge again when he bites down on the nipple he has in his mouth. I cry out a garbled version of his name.
“You are very responsive, Olivia. That’s so hot,” he says as he trails kisses down my stomach and then slowly dips his tongue into my belly button. “But I think it’s time to remove the rest of the clothing you have on.” He says as he unbuttons my jeans.
Sitting up, I take him by surprise when I grab his head and start kissing him frantically. “I will if you will.” I smirk in between kisses.
“Deal.” He climbs off of the bed and undoes the button and zipper on his jeans. As I pull down my jeans, I look over and realize he’s going commando. But what really grabs my attention is the absolute raw maleness that is his cock. I’m not a virgin or inexperienced, but I’m sure I’ve seen nothing that big before. “Like what you see, Olivia?” He’s smiling at me.
Realizing that I’m open-mouth staring at him, I look away and kick off my jeans so that I’m just wearing my lacy panties. “I suppose it’ll do.” I say, trying to sound unimpressed, but I suspect he’s on to me.
“You wound me, Olivia.” he laughs as he saunters over to the bed. He opens his overnight bag and pulls out a condom. “Need to protect you.” he says as he tosses it onto the bed.
“I’m sure I have wounded nothing. And as for that…” I say, pointing to the condom. “You have nothing to worry about. I’m clean. We’re checked at the station once a month.”
“I’m checked regularly, at work, as well. We have too many interactions with the unknown not to be safe, but I also don’t want you to get pregnant.”
Gabriel’s standing completely naked, with possibly the largest cock in the world, and it’s at my eye level because I’m sitting on the bed. I hatch a plan of sorts. I scoot to the side of the bed and look up at him. “You’re safe there, too.” 
“Really? I’ve never not used one. I don’t mind, Olivia.” he says, but I can see the anticipation in his eyes of being inside me bare. This will be the first time I’ve had sex since the “traumatic incident”. I’m really hoping it doesn’t hurt.
I move my hands around the base of his cock, and if I’m not mistaken, I can feel him grow even harder, if that’s even possible. “I’m sure.” I say, looking up at him as I place his head into my mouth. He inhales quickly through his teeth and pushes his fingers into my hair. Slowly, I move him into my mouth deeper with each stroke until I can feel him in the back of my throat. I slowly pull him out and then kiss his velvety soft crown. I look up at him to find him watching me, so I do it again, but this time, I continue to pull him into my mouth as I wrap my hands around his ass. When I pull back, I drag my nails across his ass and I can feel him squeeze his hands in my hair. “Olivia” is all he says, but it comes out strained.
He grabs me by the shoulders and pushes me back onto the bed. “I need you,” he says as he kisses me madly. His hands work their way down to the elastic of my panties. “These need to go.” He grabs the elastic and drags them quickly down my legs and off.


Chapter 35 - Gabriel

“Olivia, you are so beautiful.” I tell her as I move my hands all over her stomach and legs, feeling her silky skin. As I do this, I feel a puffy scar on her lower abdomen. Realizing it was from the attack from her partner, I choose to ignore it so that she doesn’t feel self-conscious about it. I move my hands down to her folds. I love that she’s bare down there. “This here...” I say as I move my fingers over her clit and folds. “Is freaking hot, Olivia.” 
I part her and can feel the wetness of her earlier two orgasms. Her smell is intoxicating. I lower my face to her and lick the inside of her thigh. She quivers, so I do it again to the other thigh. Then slowly I lick her clit. One stroke. Pause. Then another stroke. Pause.
“Gabriel!” she shouts at me and I can see she’s fisting her hands in the bedspread.
Instead of answering her, I hum as I lick her again, and that makes her groan loudly. I continue this torture as I slowly enter one finger into her. She’s so wet, it slips in easily. Stroking in and out, I add a second finger. I keep licking her, tasting her. The sounds she’s making are making me harder than I have ever been. I curl my fingers in a ‘come here’ motion, and she launches off of the bed. I suck her clit into my mouth and can feel her orgasm milk my fingers.
Slowly removing my fingers from her and kissing my way up her body, I take my time. I go to kiss and nibble on her breasts again when she suddenly grabs my head and drags me up to her mouth. She kisses and licks herself off of my face, and I cannot possibly wait any longer.
“Can you taste yourself on me? It’s freaking hot.” I can’t wait any longer. I need to be inside her. 
“Gabriel…. now, please.”
“I got you, baby.” I whisper in her hair as I position myself at her entrance. “Ready?”
“Gabriel” is all she says and at my name on her lips, I plunge into her. “Fuck, you’re tight. Are you okay?” I grit my teeth as I still myself inside her.
“Please, Gabriel. Move!” is all she says. And I grant her wish and start moving in and out of her at a slow pace at first, trying to get to know each another. 
I feel so good inside her. It’s as if I am made to fit inside her. No one else in my past has made this act as wonderful as it is right this minute. I glide in and out, slowly at first, but then she wrapped her legs around my thighs and pushes me into her faster. I need to feel myself deeper in her, too.
I rotate my hips a bit and she gets her wish. I’m as deep as I can get and I’m seeing stars. Meeting me thrust for thrust, I feel her on the verge of another orgasm. She’s close. “Gabriel…” she says.
“Tell me, baby. What do you need?” I emphasize each word with a new thrust.
“You. I need you.” 
“You have me, Olivia. Come for me.”
She slips over the edge again and I go with her, coming harder than I ever have before. And at this moment, I realize I love this woman. I have no idea when that happened or why, but I will give my own life for her. Everything she ever wants or needs, I will provide for her. With that thought, I have successfully scared the living shit out of myself. What the hell? I lower myself on top of her, almost crushing her. “Beautiful. That was just beautiful.”
She nods in agreement. “Thank you,” she says as I roll off of her onto the bed so she can breathe.
“For what? That was what we both wanted, right?” I prop my head up on my elbow so I can look at her. She doesn’t answer right away, and I want her to come to the same conclusion as I have, that this can never end. After a few minutes of silence, I prompt, “Right, Olivia?”
“Yes, of course it was. I just didn’t know what else to say.”
“Well…” I move some hair out of her face and behind her ear. “You could tell me you enjoyed it.”
She laughs. “How could you not tell I enjoyed it? I think I had more orgasms in one night than I’ve had in the last two years.” She turns towards me and lightly kisses my lips. “Yes, I enjoyed it. It was wonderful.”
Smiling, I get out of bed. “Let me get a washcloth.”
“Gabriel, you don’t have to do that. I’ll go take a shower.”
“Let me,” I say as I walk towards the bathroom. I push the door all the way open, letting more light into the bedroom, when she bursts out laughing hysterically.
“What’s so funny?” I ask as I walk back into the bedroom with the wet washcloth. She’s laughing so hard, she can’t talk. “Olivia, what’s so funny? You’re wounding my ego here.”
Laughing, Olivia tries to get a hold of herself. “You have….” And she laughs again. “A cat tattooed to your ass.” She breaks out into hysterical laughter again. 
Oh, yes, I forgot about that. I climb onto the bed with the wet washcloth. “Yes. Yes, I do.” And then I place the washcloth between her legs. 
She immediately stops laughing because the washcloth is now cold. “Yikes. That’s cold.”
“You shouldn’t laugh at me. It wasn’t my fault.” I continue to wash her up. Throwing the washcloth onto the floor next to the bed, I lay down next to her again.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” 
“Tell me why you have a cat tattooed on your ass. Please.” she asks me, trying to control more laughter.
“It wasn’t my fault.”
“How do you have a cat tattooed on your ass and it’s not your fault?” She moves to her side and props up her head on her elbow. 
“Let’s just say, when I make a bet and lose, I’m not a sore loser.”
“Please tell me what bet you lost.”
“Nope. End of story time. It’s been a long day. We should sleep.” I pull the duvet and sheets down on the bed.
Olivia gets out of bed and collects her clothing off the floor. “You’re right. Good night, Gabriel.”
“Where are you going?” I chase her to the master bedroom door.
“To my room.”
“You’re in your room, Olivia. Stay with me. It’s where you belong.” I ease a piece of her hair off her shoulder, then take her clothes from her hands and place them on the dresser. Taking her hand in mine, we walk towards the bed and pull the duvet cover and sheets down on the side of the bed she was on.
“Are you sure?”
“Olivia, by now, we can definitely say that this…” I motion with my finger between us. “Is going to happen. I want you in my bed. Please.”
Smiling, she climbs into the bed and under the sheets. “Tell me you don’t snore.”
“I have no idea. I’m usually sleeping, so it doesn’t seem to bother me.” I joke as I climb in next to her and take her head in my hands and lightly kiss her. I move her into the space under my arm so that she’s resting her head on my chest. I don’t cuddle, but this feels so right. Maybe there is a soulmate for everyone.  “I’m feeling things for you, Olivia. I don’t want to scare you away, but I also don’t want you to think I don’t care either. I just want you to know it’s out there.”
“I’m feeling the same way, Gabriel.”  


Chapter 36 - Olivia

There’s too much light. I squint my eyes as I turn over in bed. Slowly opening them, the memories of the night before come crashing in. Crap… the shooting…. Crap…. he’s being chased by a madman…. Crap…. I told him about Marc…. Crap…. last night was…. what was it? Wonderful. That’s what it was. Wonderful.
Gradually, I stretch and realize I’m in bed alone. Hope there're no regrets. Do I have any? HELL NO. Time to go find out, I think to myself as I fish around the bathroom for a robe or shirt. I find a robe on the back of the bathroom door and slip it on. Catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror, I decide to clean up a bit by washing my face and finger brushing my teeth because my toothbrush is on the other end of the suite, in what was supposed to be my room. After controlling my hair a bit, I walk out of the bedroom and towards the delicious smelling coffee in the dining room. “Something smells good.”
I stop in my tracks as I see Gabriel on the phone, looking out the windows wearing nothing but pajama bottoms that hang oh so low. He turns around to me and smiles. “Yeah, Matt. Thanks.” He disconnects his call and walks over to me, more like stalks over to me. God, he’s gorgeous. “Good morning, beautiful.” He leans down and gently kisses me on the lips.
“Good morning.”
“Olivia.” He waits for me to look him in the eyes. When I do, he says, “Any regrets? Because I have none.”
Smiling, I look at him, and then decide to grab him by the back of the head and kiss him like I mean it. He responds immediately by grabbing me around the waist and lifting me in the air, and strokes my tongue and sucks on my lower lip. I think I hear him growl, but I can’t be sure because my heart is racing out of my chest. He puts me down and pulls us apart. “I can’t wait to get you back to bed, but first, we need to eat. Come on.” He takes my hand in his and pulls me towards the kitchen. I stop immediately and let go of his hand. I can’t go in there.
He turns to look at me and see my scared look. “Olivia… what is it?”
Just staring at the kitchen, I realize I haven’t been in a kitchen in almost five months. This is so stupid. Just walk into the kitchen. It’s no big deal. The kitchen will not bite you and you’re making yourself look weak and silly. Just do it.
“Olivia,” Gabriel says carefully as he comes to stand in front of me. Taking my head in his hands, he looks at me quizzically. “What is it? Are you okay?”
Shaking my head, I say, “Yeah. I’m… I’m good. Let’s eat.” I try to pull out of his touch, but he stops me. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost. What is it?”
“It’s silly. Let’s forget it and eat. It smells delicious.” I smile and pull away from him and make myself walk through the kitchen into the dining room where the food was placed. Spread out on the table was a buffet of sorts. “This is a lot of food.” 
“I didn’t know what you liked, and I wanted to make sure you had enough fuel for the day. Breakfast is the most important meal, right?” he asks, a confused look still on his face. “What just happened there?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m fine…” I say, using his terminology. “Now eat before the food gets cold.” I grab a couple of mini pastries and some scrambled eggs. As I sit down at the table, I realize I just took a enormous step in my recovery and think how proud Dr. Barker will be when I tell her. Oh, crap…. I forgot about Dr. Barker. I have been traipsing around the country and missed my appointments. If I don’t go to them, my medical release will be revoked and I won’t be able to work. I need to call her soon.
Gabriel pours me some coffee, and it smells amazing. “So, what’s on the agenda today? Do we call the cops, go to the military police, what?” I pull apart my mini pastry and start eating it, waiting for his answer. I’m not too sure he’ll answer such a direct question, but I’m hopeful. The sooner this is all over, the sooner we can go home. When did ‘I’ become a ‘we’?
“No. We don’t go to the cops or the MPs. Today, we hang out here while I get some things going and then we’ll figure it out from there. I need to make some phone calls. Will you be okay on your own here for a few hours?”
“Um… sure, I suppose. Can’t I go with you?” 
“No. I’d prefer to keep you under cover for now, until I can get a handle on the situation, at least. Are you okay with that? There’s plenty to do here. There’s a private pool upstairs and a gym if you want it. Plus, I’m sure you could get any movie you want on the TV.” Is he trying to blow me off…. because it feels like he’s trying to blow me off.
“Gabriel, I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself. I don’t need another overprotective, overbearing man in my life. I have a brother, a partner, and Piper, and although she’s not a man, she can be just as much of a pain in the ass as one. So, I’ll be fine.”
“Olivia….” He waits until I look up at him. “I don’t want you leaving the hotel. Promise me you won’t.” His dark eyes look straight through me.
“Gab…”
“Olivia… promise me.” he interrupts. “Please…”
Sighing loudly, almost childishly, I agree. “Fine.”
“I know that was hard for you, with all the sighing and such, so thank you.” He smiles, teasing me. 
I can’t help it. I shake my head, roll my eyes, and smile back at him. “You’re welcome.” Then I stuff another pastry in my mouth.
“So you want to tell me what happened back there in the kitchen? And don’t say ‘nothing’, because we both know it wasn’t. Just tell me.”
Taking a deep breath, I look at my plate of food, losing my appetite. “That was the first time I’ve been in a kitchen, any kitchen, since Marc.” I don’t look at him, not sure if I want to see him laughing.
He says nothing at first, so I can’t help myself and I look up at him through my eyelashes and see him looking at me with an expression I don’t recognize. He nods his head. “That was a big step for you,” he states, matter-of-fact. “Are you okay?”
He gets it. Holy crap, he gets it. “I’m good, just didn’t think I’d ever be able to. My therapist will be pleased.” I laugh and raise my eyebrows.
“You’re seeing a therapist? I think that’s good.” he says, not falling for my fake attempt at humor. “It’s the healthy thing to do.”
“Well, I have no choice. It’s part of my medical release back to work, so… whatever.” I answer nonchalantly. 
Gabriel puts his fingertips under my chin and lifts my head to face him. When I look at him, he says nothing at first, and I look at him, pleading with my eyes to not make this worse than it already is. “Olivia….” And he stops. I say nothing, just let him stare at me, losing hope. I think this is it. I’m just too crazy for him. “I wish I could explain to you the feelings I’m having over you.”
I look up at him again and see that he’s looking at me with something in his eyes that’s giving me hope, but the situation is becoming way too serious and I want to break the tension. I feel the possibilities, but I’m just not ready to go there yet. So, to ease the tension between us, I don’t break eye contact, but pick up my last mini pastry on my plate and throw it at his face.
He’s shocked. I can’t believe it either. I just threw breakfast at him. Shaking his head, he grabs a handful of now cold scrambled eggs and tries to smash it in my face, but I turn just at the right time and he slathers it into my hair instead.
“I can’t believe you just did that!” I laugh.
“All’s fair in love and war, sweetheart.” he laughs, running out of the dining room.


Chapter 37 - Gabriel

Olivia’s in the shower when Matt calls the suite phone for the third time this morning.
“Gabriel, you need to get out of Nashville. Russo made it over the border.” Matt starts before I can say anything.
“Fuck. That was way too easy for him. He must’ve had help. Great. Okay. I need to go talk to Marshall,” I say, referring to an old friend of the family who is also ex-military. “And see if he can escort Olivia to the safe house. I’ll get her there today.”
“You need to go there yourself as well. I’m on the Russo thing and Owen is on his way to you now to help. It looks like Russo stole a car once he crossed the border in Arizona, so we should have at least 24 hours before he makes it to Nashville. Let me handle this, Gabriel.”
“Nothing personal, Matt, but I’d really rather you and Owen stay safe and out of Russo’s crosshairs. He’s after me. I’ll draw him out… maybe in Atlanta… then we can all go from there.”
“Atlanta? If you’re going to get him to come out in public, you need to do it close to home. Let’s put some guys on this.” he says, referring to some of the staff we have working for us in the security business. “Let us help.” Matt sounds exasperated.
 “Closer to home makes sense, but I’m not sure he’ll come out around there. But if I give him no choice but to hunt me down here, then possibly he’ll show his face. He’s smart, though. He may figure out what I’m doing. Let me think this through first and I’ll call you back.”
“Okay. Just keep me updated. Oh, and by the way, I had a credit card in your alias’ name sent to the lobby of your hotel this morning. You should be good to go.”
“Thanks, Matt. I’ll call ya back when I know more.” I want to get off the phone quickly because I can hear Olivia’s shower turn off, and I definitely don’t want her to overhear me. She’ll probably freak if she had any idea what I was about to do to her today.
I can hear Olivia enter the living room as I sit on the couch, just staring out the window. It looks like it’s going to be a gloomy day in Nashville. “Looks like rain.” she interrupts my thoughts.
I look at her as she comes into the room and smile at her. I pat the spot next to me on the couch. “Come. Sit.”
“Oh, boy. This sounds serious.” She jokes as she sits down next to me. Our thighs are touching and even through our clothing, just that little bit of contact has my skin on fire for more of her. “What’s up? Is everything okay?” She looks nervous.
“Yes. For now, all’s okay. I need you to do something for me, though.” I look at her and then back out the window.
“Okay. What is it?”
“Owen’s on his way here. He’s going to take you to a safe house and I want you to go.” I turn to look at her when she says nothing. I put my hand on her knee. “I need you to go with him, Olivia. So you’re safe. It’ll only be for a few days and then everything should be back to normal, I promise.”
She blinks and then looks at me, not saying a word. Then she stands up, and heads directly to the suite phone, picks up the receiver, but can’t get it to work, so she uses the base to dial, which automatically puts the call on speakerphone.
“Olivia, who’re you calling?” 
She doesn’t answer me. She doesn’t even look at me. When whoever she called picks up, she has a relieved look on her face. “Hi, Justin. It’s me.”
“Jesus Christ! Where the fuck have you been?” he screams through the speaker to her. 
“Justin,” she says in an ultra calm voice. “I’m fine. Gabriel and I are in Nashville. I need to know what’s going on at home.”
“Why are you in Nashville? And why are all my calls going straight to voicemail?” Justin demands, ignoring her request.
“Justin, it’s a long story, one I will gladly tell you all about when I’m home. What’s going on at home?” she says more strongly.
“Well, they’ve arrested some kids in the neighborhood who have admitted to damaging your lawn. They won’t confess to what happened inside your house, but we’re holding them on those charges.” 
“Why don’t you sound convinced, Justin?” She jumps as I put my arms around her waist from behind her and rest my chin on her shoulder. She pulls out of my embrace and glares at me. She then shakes her head at me, telling me to leave her alone. I back up a few steps, but I stand close. I want her to know I’m here for her if she needs me.
“I’m just not sure these kids could do something that horrific, Olivia. But there haven’t been any other instances and the undercover detective who’s been living in your house hasn’t seen a thing, either.” He sounds defeated.
“Justin, if you’ve arrested the kids, which, by the way, is exactly who I said did this just a few days ago and yet no one believes the ‘whacked out medic’…” I can see her growing angrier by the second… probably because no one listens to her. “Then it’s time for me to come home and get back to my life. I’ll see you in a few hours.”
“Olivia, can you give me one more day at least to make sure it was definitely these kids?” Justin pleads.
“NO! I’m done. I’ll be home tonight. Please get Brownie from Tim’s house, so she’ll be there when I get home. Love you and thank you for all you’ve done. I’ll see you tonight.” She doesn’t wait for his reply and just hits the disconnect button on the phone. Immediately, she dials another number.
“Olivia, it’s not a good idea for you to go home yet. Please let me take you to the safe house. I don’t know where Russo is.” I say, hoping she’ll agree with me, but with the look on her face, I don’t think she’s going to. She completely ignores me and waits for someone to answer the phone.
“AOP Medical, this is Piper.”
“It’s me.” Olivia answers.
“FUCKITY FUCK FUCK FUCK! Where have you been?” Piper screams over the speaker.
“I don’t have much time. I need a plane ticket from Nashville to home as soon as possible. Can you do that for me?” Just then, someone bangs on the door of the suite. Olivia jumps and turns towards the door. I pull a handgun from my ankle and motion for Olivia to be quiet and to move out of sight. “Hold on, Piper,” I hear her whisper, then move to the master bedroom doorway.
We hear, “Mr. Patterson! It’s Owen. Open the door.” I visibly sigh, put the gun back in my holster, and go to open the door.
Returning to the phone, she says, “Piper, can you arrange that for me?”
“You’re in Nashville? Why are you in Nashville? What a strange place to be in hiding…. Nashville. Have you seen any country music stars?”
“Piper! I need you to focus. Can you get me on the next flight home or not?” Olivia screams at the speakerphone. She looks over at Owen and me as we do that guy hug thing. 
“Okay, okay…. geez, I get it. Hold on, let me look… Yes, I can get you on the 3pm flight out of Nashville….” We all listen as Piper is typing on a keyboard. “Non-stop to Palm Beach International. You’ll land at 7 EST. I can pick you up, then. Are you sure it’s safe for you to come home, and how’s that hunk, Gabriel? Oh, tell me you slept with him!” Piper sounds so excited, but Olivia just shakes her head and looks over at Owen and I.
 “Just get me home.”
“Okay. It’s done. The ticket will be waiting for you. Delta flight 777. Are you okay, Olivia? You don’t sound good.”
“I’m fine. I’ll see you tonight, Piper. And thank you.”
“You bet. Bye.” 
Olivia looks over at us again and walks into the master bedroom, leaving Owen and me alone. I want to say something to her… follow her… but she won’t listen to me and I’m afraid if I push any harder, we’ll lose the ground we’ve gained in the last few days.  
“She won’t go.” 
“What do you mean ‘she won’t go’, Gabriel? She has to go.” Owen whispers back to me. We both look across the room to where Olivia disappeared to, but she’s not in view.
“She called her brother, Justin, and you just heard her conversation with her friend, Piper. She hasn’t said a word to me since I told her I want her to go to the safe house.” I tell him, keeping my voice down so Olivia can’t hear me.
“How’s the situation at home? Is it safe for her to go back?” Owen asks.
“No idea, I don’t think her brother’s too hot on the idea, so I’m guessing ‘no’.” I tell Owen, but I see him dialing his cell phone. “Who you calling?”
“Her brother…” Owen says like he’s defeated the game she’s playing. “Hey, Prescott! It’s Hughes. What’s the deal with your sister? Is it clear for her to go home? Yeah… Really? Okay… Well, it looks like she’s hell bent on going home because I’m watching her pack her medical bags…. Yeah, I’m here with them now…. I can do that…. Are you sure?....Okay, man. Keep your head down.” Owen pockets his cell phone. 
I look at my younger brother, waiting for answers. “Well? What’d he say?”
“He said that they’ve arrested some kids and they’ve admitted to damaging her yard, but won’t cop to the stuff inside the house. They keep claiming they didn’t do it, that someone paid them each a hundred dollars to pour some grass killer in the shape of the word ‘bitch’ in her yard, but adamantly deny that they ever went into the house. Prescott’s not convinced, but he has nothing else, so I guess she’s going home. He asked that I go with her. You good with that or do you want to go with her?”
Watching Olivia in the master bedroom move about and collecting her stuff, I say, “Okay…. I don’t think she’s going to willingly go to the safe house and I can’t go with her. I just don’t want to have Russo know about her if I can avoid it. So… yeah… do you mind going with her back to Florida?” I turn to look at him as he surveys the dining room and some of the food that is all over the table. I need to clean that up before housekeeping gets here.
“Nope. I’m on it, but you better go smooth things out with her because she’s throwing things now,” Owen says, pointing to bathroom products flying through the air and landing on the bed in the room. “I’m going downstairs to get something to eat at the bar. You want anything?”
“No. We’re good.”
Pulling a cell phone out of his back pocket and handing it to me, he says, “Here, this one’s yours. Text me when you two have worked it out.”
Nodding and taking the phone from Owen, I walk back towards the master bedroom to see if I can do some damage control. “Thanks, Owen.” I hear the door open and close and he’s gone.


Chapter 38 - Olivia

I hear Owen leave the suite. Good. One less brother to deal with. I take my bag I’ve been packing and walk out of the master bedroom and head towards the other bedroom that was supposed to be mine. Should’ve stayed there last night, girl. Then you wouldn’t be in this mess… but that’s not right. Last night was amazing, but he’s such an ass. I should always go with my first instinct…. he’s an ass. As I go to pass Gabriel, he grabs my wrist.
“Olivia, please talk to me. What’s happening between us?”
“Us? Us? There’s no us, Gabriel. I told you…I don’t need another overprotective, overbearing male in my life. You don’t get to decide what I do and where I go. I do. Period. So there’s no ‘us’.” I’m using air quotes. “I need to get the rest of my things. Please let go of me.” I look at my wrist that he’s still holding on to.
Pulling on my wrist to get me to face him, he says, “I’m sorry. I don’t want to be the ass that I’m sure you think I am, but I’m just trying to keep you safe. I want us to see where this leads, and yes, Olivia, there’s an ‘us’.” He moves his finger in between us. “I really like you, Olivia. I don’t know why, and I don’t understand what I’m feeling, but I don’t want this to be it and right now, it feels like you’re trying to make this go away. I don’t want that.”
What am I supposed to say? I have no idea how to answer him, so I just say nothing, but I don’t pull away either. What his voice does to me when he says my name should be criminal. I keep trying to calm the storm brewing inside my head. I want to go, but I also want to stay with him, but staying with him wasn’t part of the options he gave me. 
Actually, he hadn’t given me any options…. he just dictated what was going to happen. Well, fuck that. I pull my arm away from him. “Gabriel…. the problem isn’t that I need to be safe from your demons, the problem is you didn’t even talk to me about it. Didn’t ask me my opinion or what I thought about it. I don’t need or want another alpha male in my life. I have enough.” I turn to leave when he stops me by placing his hands on my shoulder. I can’t help myself. I back into him as I roll my eyes at the same time. “Just let me go. I have a plane to catch, Gabriel.”
“No. I don’t want this to be it, Olivia.” He turns me around to look at him. He grabs my head and kisses me hard. He licks my closed lips and I can’t deny him any longer. He strokes my tongue and molds my body to his. I kiss him back because it’s really all I want to do, but he’s so demanding in his hold on me, I need to pull away before this gets out of hand.
“Don’t,” I whisper between us. “Please.”
“I’m sorry. You’re right, I should’ve talked to you. Please don’t leave like this…. please.” he pleads, holding our foreheads together.
“My flight’s at 3” is all I can say, but I put a finger through one of his belt loops.
He nods and places a small kiss on my lips and pulls me into his arms. “Can I ask you to do me one favor?”
“This started with a favor.”
He ignores my comment. “Let Owen go with you. I’d feel better, and he needs to go back, anyway. Please?”
After a few minutes of just standing in his arms, I nod. “Okay, but why can’t you go with me instead?”
He pulls back from me and looks at me with hope in his eyes, but shaking his head. “I can’t. Not yet. I don’t want Russo to think he can get to me through you… because I’d move heaven and earth to keep you safe. I need to fix this with him first.”
“But, don’t you see? I want you safe, too, Gabriel.” I can feel tears in my eyes. How has he become so important to me in such a short time? This is just too much emotion for me to deal with. I’m not sure I’m ready for all this.
“Shh…” he says as he uses his thumbs to wipe away my tears. “I’ll be fine. I promise.” He smirks as he uses the one phrase he knows gets on my nerves.
I smile, too. “Promise?” I whisper.
“I promise.”
∞
“What flight are you on?” he asks me as we are still holding each other in the middle of the all black and white hallway.
“Delta 777, why?” I sniffle.
Pulling out of our hold, he says, “I need to get Owen on that flight as well. He’s downstairs eating, so I’ll text him.” He pulls out his phone and sends the information to Owen.
“I need to get the rest of my stuff.” I tell him as I walk toward the room that was supposed to be mine last night. He follows me in and sits on the overstuffed ottoman in the sitting nook of the suite. “Olivia… are we okay?” he asks.
I’m putting all my stuff into one of the medical bags Piper sent me off with as a suitcase, but stop when he asks the question. I look up at him and paused. “Honestly?”
“Always, Olivia, I can’t do anything but honesty.”
“Well… I’m not sure, really. We haven’t talked about much and with all that’s going on, I don’t think it’s a good idea to really worry about this right now. Let’s get everything settled first and then…” I leave the sentence open ended, but I can see that isn’t what he wants to hear. 
Nodding, he looks up at me. “Okay. That’s fair. But just so we’re on the same page…” He gets up and walks over to me and puts his hands on my shoulders and then lifts my chin so that I’m looking into his eyes. “I can’t wait for all this to be over. I want for us to be together.”
That makes me smile for the first time since I got out of the shower this morning. “I want that, too, Gabriel.” I lean up on my tippy toes and place a small, soft kiss on his lips. He pulls me closer to him and our kiss intensifies. He molds my body to his and I can feel his reaction to me, but I have to pull away from him. “Gabriel… I have to go. I have a plane to catch.”
He looks at me and curses under his breath, and then adjusts himself so he can walk me out. “I’ll walk you downstairs to find Owen.”
“Okay.”
He grabs my bags and my hand and leads me out of the suite and into the elevators. “Are you sure you won’t reconsider the safe house? Even for one night?” 
I shake my head. “No. Justin said that there’s been an arrest. I just want to put this all behind me. I need normalcy again. And I haven’t talked to my therapist in days and I’ve already missed at least one appointment. I need to go see her, so I’m compliant with the terms of my medical release for work. And then there’s Brownie. I cannot believe how much I miss her.” I can feel a tear in the corners of my eyes. I really miss my dog.
“Well then, the next time you need to be whisked away, we’ll make sure she goes with you.”
I look up at him and just smile as the elevator doors opened and we exit into the lobby. Hopefully, I’ll never need to be whisked away again.


Chapter 39 - Gabriel

Owen is sitting at the bar talking to a woman who is definitely shopping for her next date. She’s blond, tall, and her breasts are about to fall out of her dress. I shake my head and murmur, “Man-whore” to myself, but I hear Olivia giggle. I look down at her and cock an eyebrow at her. “You heard that?” When she nods, I shake my head. “You have bat ears, don’t you?”
“Maybe.” she replies.
As we approach Owen and his companion, the blond takes notice of me and brushes off Owen immediately. Owen turns to see who’s replacing him and sees us approach.
“Hey.” Owen gets off of his barstool.
“Hey. Did you get a ticket on the same flight?” I ask, both of us completely ignoring the blond.
“Yeah, but had to upgrade us to put us together.”
Olivia raises her eyebrows. “Upgrade? As in first class? I can’t afford first class.” Her voice is getting higher and higher as she talks. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I see that the blond starts smirking and looking down her nose at Olivia, so I place my hand on the side of Olivia’s head and pull her towards me so I can kiss her temple. “Don’t worry, baby, I got you.” That stops the blond in her tracks….so I thought.
“Baby… aren’t you going to introduce us?” The blond slowly gets off her barstool and wraps her hand around Owen’s shoulders.
“Baby? Oh, right. Gabriel, Olivia… this is…. I’m sorry, what was your name again, baby?” Owen says to her, emphasizing the word ‘baby’. That doesn’t make her very happy, and she mumbles something under her breath, grabs her drink, and walks to the other side of the bar. Owen laughs as she walks away. “Nobody calls me baby.” He snickers, which makes Olivia giggle. “Okay, girl, you ready to go home?”
“Yes. Very much so.” she replies and then turns to me and then to Owen with an expectant look.
“Oh…. right, private time. I’ll be by the front doors.” Owen makes a quick retreat so we can have our moment together.
“I really wish you would come home with me.” she says as she circles her arms around my waist and rests her head on my chest. God, I wish she’d stay with me.
“I really wish you would go to the safe house.” I reply, resting my chin on the top of her head.
“I really wish you would come home with me.” she repeats.
I laugh. “I wish I could, too.” I pull her back a bit and cup her head in my hands. She feels so small at this moment. Not the strong woman I know her to be, but fragile, and all I want to do is lock her away from all that threatens us. I place a kiss on her lips and she responds. I want so much more from her, but this is a public space, and she has a plane to catch. At least she’ll be safe with Owen. I trust both of my brothers with all I have. And she’s quickly becoming all I have. “Listen to Owen, okay?” 
“Maybe.” she replies with a smile.
Together, we walk to the front doors in the grand lobby where Owen is waiting for us. I kiss her one more time and let her go. She smiles at me and I realize that I’m going to have to live on that for now.
“Be careful.” She says just as she’s about to walk out the door.
“Yes, ma’am.” I watch her walk out of the hotel. 
Owen hangs back a minute and waits until she’s out of the building. “I’ll take care of her, Gabe.”
“I know. But you need to know…. she…” I can’t even put it into words what I want to convey to Owen.
“I know. I can see it. I’ll take care of her.” Owen says, patting me on the shoulder.
“When you get her home, will you please give her my card with my new number on it and clear her house?” 
“Of course. See ya, bro.” And with that, Owen walks out of the hotel and joins Olivia in the cab that has just pulled up.
Standing in the lobby, I watch them drive away and go to the front desk to retrieve the credit card Matt had couriered to me that morning.
“Mr. Patterson, I hope your stay is pleasant.” The front desk clerk is pretty perky.
“Yes, it has been. I believe there’s a package for me?”
“Let me go check.” The clerk walks behind the wall and returns quickly with a small box. “Here you are, sir. Is there anything else I can do for you?”
“No, this is it.” I walk away, but turned back. “I’ll be checking out in a couple of hours.”
“Very well, sir. I’ll make sure everything is taken care of.”
“Thank you.”
I open the box once I get back into the room. I dial Matt’s cell first.
“Matt.”
“Gabriel. Did you receive the package I sent? So what’s the plan?”
“Well, Olivia refused to go to the safe house. She contacted her brother and apparently, there was an arrest of some kids and so she’s on her way back home. She just left, but I sent Owen with her. They’re on Delta 777 out of Nashville to Palm Beach International. Will you make sure they have a car when they get there?”
“Owen’s car is already there. He drove to the airport this morning when I sent him up there, but I sent him there to help you out, not for you to send him on his way, Gabriel. Russo is out there…. what the hell? You can be so stubborn sometimes.”
“Look who’s talking about being stubborn, Matt. I don’t need a lecture. She needs him more than I do. I can take care of myself.”
“Whatever. So now what?” Matt sounds frustrated.
“I’m going to track down Russo from here and if I can’t find him, I’ll leave a trail for him to find me. I’ll be at the condo tonight.”
“In Nashville? Is that smart?”
“Yes, in Nashville. How is that not smart? Home turf and all.” How the hell does my brother get through life?
“I get that, but once Russo knows about Nashville, then you can’t go back there until he’s caught, Gabriel. It’s not a safe house anymore.”
“I know what I’m doing, Matt. Can you do me a favor?” I look out the window and see that it’s raining pretty hard. Fitting.
“What? Anything, you know that.”
“Will you keep an eye on her?”
“Of course I will.”
“No… not our guys… you.” I’m pacing around the hotel suite. I can still smell her and I’m already missing her.
“Yeah…. of course. She means that much?” 
“Like nothing or anyone before… I… have no idea what I’d do without her, Matt.” 
Matt says nothing for a few seconds. “Okay, then. I’m on it.”
“Thanks, Matt.” We both hang up. Nothing more needs to be said. Matt and I are closer than either of us are to Owen. Owen was a surprise for our parents and is much younger than Matt or I.
“Now… time to find you, you bastard.” I say to no one. Pulling up the internet app on the phone, I found the address of Russo’s ex-wife and kid. If Russo was out, then he would definitely want to see them. Fortunately, they live only an hour’s drive away, so it’s time for me to put something into play. 
I go down to the lobby and check out, then hail a cab to my condo in Nashville. I don’t bother going up, I just need my car out of the parking garage. As I climb into the BMW 650i, I laugh to myself as I realize Olivia was right. All my vehicles are black.


Chapter 40 - Olivia

First class is feeling pretty good. “The seats are huge up here,” I tell Owen as I stretch my legs. “And all this leg room, this is much better than coach.”
Smirking at me, Owen looks at me, getting comfortable. “Never been in first class, I take it.”
“Nope. Just had to file through it like the rest of the peasants.”
“It’s the only way to fly…. unless, of course, your company owns a Gulfstream jet and you can ride privately.”
“Oh… well, of course. Who doesn’t have their own jet?”
“Well, we both do, I guess. How is the medical transport business? Profitable?” 
“I’m not rolling in money, but business is picking up a bit. The biggest hurdle is getting our name out there, but Piper and Alana, they’re my business partners, are doing a pretty good job of it. We’ve only been in business a few years. One step at a time.” 
He only nods and then looks at his phone. He raises it up and aims it at me. “Here. Smile. Let me take your picture and send it to Gabriel. He’ll love it.”
“Oh… no. I’m a mess.” I argue, but he’s already taken the picture.
“You look fine. Seriously…. why do women worry so much about their looks?” 
“Are you kidding me with that question? We care because you men make us self-conscious about it.” I feel like I’m defending the female population.
Looking up at me with a shocked look on his face, he says, “I beg to differ. Us guys all have to be cowboys or something to get a girl to look at us. That’s not fair to all of us non-cowboys.”  
“I have one word for you…. Hooters. I rest my case.” 
After a few moments of quiet and us just watching the other passengers pile onto the plane, Owen startles me by asking, “So… you and Gabriel, huh?” 
I have no idea how to answer that. Me and Gabriel? I suppose we are a ‘thing’, but with everything’s that’s going on… is it smart? Probably not… do I care? No, I don’t think so. “I guess. Why?” I take the drink from the flight attendant.
“No reason…just wondering.”
“Tell me about Gabriel.” I’m hoping to get any kind of information out of him.
“Oh, no. You need to get all that from him. He’d kick my ass if I told you any embarrassing stories.” he says, adamantly shaking his head. “You’re on your own there.”
“Whatever…. I was just hoping to get to know him better.” I don’t sound as innocent as I want to sound, but even to my ears, it sounds just like I’m baiting him…. which I’m not… really.
“Nope. I’m staying silent…. but I will say this…” Owen looks at me from his aisle seat with a serious tone in his voice. “Please, just don’t hurt him. He’s been through enough as it is.” 
When I hear his plea for his brother, I turn away from the window and look him dead in the eyes. “I won’t. As long as he doesn’t hurt me.”
For a moment, we just stare at each other, then Owen nods his head, lifted his glass to me, and says, “To no hurt feelings.”
“Cheers!” I clink my glass with his.


Chapter 41 - Gabriel

“Uncle Gabriel!” screams the little boy in the front yard of the house I just pulled up in front of as I climb out of my BMW. I miss driving this car.
“Hey, Jack Jr.,” I say as the little boy jumps into my arms and I have to think fast and catch him. “Whoa there. You’re almost too big to do that to this old man.”
“No, I’m not. I’m only five years old.” He holds up five dirty fingers.
“Already? You’re growing up too fast, little man. How’s your mama?”
“His mama is just fine.” says a woman coming out of the front door, wearing a pair of dirty jeans and a white tank top.
“Hi there, Tricia. How ya doin’?” I ask as I put Jack Jr. on the ground.
Tricia is a woman who holds no punches. She curses like a sailor, but you never wonder where you stand with her. She’ll tell you look like shit, if you’re being an asshole, or she’ll give you every dime she has if you asked her to. Her heart is bigger than the state of Texas. What happened between her and Russo messed her up royally, though. 
“I’ll be just fine as soon as you get your fine ass over here and give me a hug.” She’s standing on the front porch of the run down duplex.
I walk over to her and grab her around the waist, pick her up, and hug her tight.
“Damn, woman. Have you lost more weight? You’re fading away.” I release her and put her back down on the ground.
“I’m fine. Quit your fussin’. So tell me why you’re here, Gabriel. I haven’t seen you since all that shit went down.” She has a look on her face that tells me the straight truth is all she’s interested in.
“Where’s Jack, Tricia?” I get straight to the point but try to keep my voice down so that Jack Jr. can’t overhear us. He has gone back to play with his dump trucks in the front yard.
“You know where he is, Gabriel. P-R-I-S-O-N.” she spells it out.
“No, he isn’t.”
Tricia turns white as a ghost. “What do you mean ‘No, he isn’t’?”
Crap. I was hoping she had seen him. Sighing, I can tell, just by watching her reaction, that she really doesn’t have an idea what Russo had been doing the last few weeks. “He escaped.”
She takes a deep breath in through her nose, and then slowly out through her teeth. Shaking her head, she finally says, softly, “Bastard…. fucking bastard! That explains it.”
“Explains what, Tricia?” Maybe she has seen him.
She motions for me to sit on the front steps. As we sit down, she points to the end of the block. “See that green car down the street? The one with the dark tint?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, it’s been sitting there for a couple of weeks. And amazingly enough, it’s also sitting outside Jack Jr.’s daycare, my job, the grocery store…. everywhere I go. So, that...” She uses air quotes. “‘Undercover car’ isn’t so undercover, and I was wondering why they were following me. I figured they thought I still had some of Jack’s loot he stole. But him breaking out fits. They think he’ll come here.”
Nodding my head, I agree with her. “That’s what I thought and why I’m here. He hasn’t called or stopped by?”
“Not a peep, the fucking bastard.” 
We just sit there, watching Jack Jr. play in the front yard…. yard is a giving word…. it was more like a dirt pile with some weeds in it. Jack Jr. looks happy just rearranging the dirt.
“Do you have any idea what he did to our lives? He fucked me in more ways… The only reason they did not prosecute me was that they couldn’t prove I had any knowledge of his thefts. He shipped none of that stuff home to me. I could have gone to jail and lost my kid because of him. They searched our house and then kicked us out of base housing. With nothing! I had eighty dollars to my name. They seized my bank account… froze my credit cards. Then I lost my job, my friends walked away from us….and because I’m stuck in this hell of a town…. they all look at me like I killed their cat, Gabriel. He fucked me one too many times…. I hope the bastard shows up. I’ll kill him myself.”
I let her vent. I know she got the bad end of the deal. Being in Clarksville, an army town outside of Fort Campbell, can’t be easy when the entire town thinks you’re guilty of something you didn’t do. I place an arm around her shoulders and just sit there for a few minutes. 
“Thank you.”
“For what? I’m to blame for all of this, Tricia.”
“You. Are. Not. To. Blame.” She stresses each word with a finger into my chest. “He did this to us. Not you. Jack did. And thank you for the check you sent me. That really helped. I wasn’t sure what we were going to do for someplace to sleep that night. I never said thanks.”
“Tricia, it was the least I could do. I knew staying in this town wasn’t a great idea. Why haven’t you moved away?”
“Can’t afford to, Gabriel. You know that. After losing my job and our savings, I had to do what I could for Jack Jr. and I can’t afford to leave. Besides, who would want to leave this palace?” She opens her arms wide towards the house and laughs.
“Tricia… I’ve offered you a place to stay until you two are back on your feet again. Please take me up on that. Florida is a beautiful place to live. Jack Jr. will be happy there as well as you.”
“Gabriel… my family has already screwed up your life as it is. We aren’t a charity case. Thank you, but no thank you.”
“Don’t say no. Just think about it.”
“Fine. I’ll think about it. Happy now?”
“Yes, but I need to find Jack. Where do you think he would go? Any friends or family who would help him out?”
Shaking her head, she said, “No. His parents are dead and the only friends he had were you guys. I do not know where he is. Why are you trying to find him, anyway? Shouldn’t the Army be taking care of it?” She points to the dark green sedan with the dark tint still sitting at the end of the street.
“He shot at me yesterday and Foland and Mullins have been murdered. I need to get to him before he does anything else or hurts anyone else.” 
“Oh, my God. Foland and Mullins? Didn’t one of them just have a baby? Oh, my God.” She covers her mouth with her hand and looks at Jack Jr. as a tear rolls down her face. “This is bad… really bad.”
Agreeing with her, I say, “Yes. Tricia, it’s bad.”
Tricia looks at me and then at Jack Jr., who is now moving all the dirt from the side of the yard where he just placed it, back to where it came from. “I hope the fucker shows up. I’ll kill him myself. What the fuck happened to him, Gabriel? He isn’t the man I married.”
“I wish I knew, Tricia, but I don’t want you to do anything stupid, either. You have him…” I point to Jack Jr. “To think about. Let me handle Jack…. okay?”
“You are smoking something if you think I’ll let him hurt anyone else. I can take care of myself, Gabriel. You know that.”
“I know. Just call me if you think of something, see him, or need anything. And I mean anything. You call me.” I hand her my card and I also give her the credit card Matt had couriered to me that morning. “Take this and use it. I’ll have your name added to the approved users list.”
“Gabriel… I’m not taking your credit ca….” She stops and looks at the card and then back up at me. “Who the hell is Allan Patterson?”
I laugh at the look on her face. “The cards good. It’s one of my alias’ I use. Keep it in case you need something. Okay?”
“Fine. Thank you.” She pockets the card.
“I have to get going. Let me know if you change your mind, Tricia. I have a place for both of you in Florida and you will always have a job with my company. Promise me you’ll think about it.”
She wraps her arms around my neck and whisper into my ear, “I promise I’ll think about it. And I also promise, if the fucking bastard shows up…I’ll kill him. You need to find him before I do.”


Chapter 42 - Olivia

Because I only have the medical bags with me, I didn’t need to go to baggage claim, but I do not know where Piper is meeting me. “I suppose we should go to baggage claim. I have a friend who’s meeting me here to take me home.”
“Lead the way, little lady.” Owen waves his arms towards baggage claim.
“Little lady? Who do you think you are…. John Wayne?” I laugh at him.
Owen grabs his heart as if he’s having a heart attack. “You wound me.”
“Seems I’m doing that a lot these days.” 
We make it to baggage claim and I am looking around for Piper, but don’t see her yet. But I notice Owen, although he was playful a few minutes ago, is now bouncing his eyes off everyone around us. “Are you okay? What are you looking for?”
“I’m fine, Olivia. Let’s find your friend and get out of here.” He takes my elbow and leads me away from the crowded luggage carousel.
Just then, I see the balloons and sign Piper has created and is carrying through the terminal. “Oh, my God, she didn’t.” 
“Who didn’t do what…. never mind. Let me take care of this.” He walks up to Piper and takes the balloons out of her hands and hands them to a little boy with Mickey Mouse ears on walking with his family. The little boy is so delighted, he squeals.
“What the fuck is your problem and who the fuck are you?” Piper yells at him. I had a feeling that would not go over too well with her when I watched him head towards her.
Owen ignores Piper’s question and takes the sign she’s holding that was welcoming me home and throws it in the trash bin as he leads her over to where I’m standing.
“Piper,” I wave my arm just as I think Piper is about to kill Owen right there in the terminal. “Over here.”
Piper immediately yanks her elbow away from Owen and runs over and grabs me in a big hug. “You’re home! I missed you so much!”
“I’ve missed you, too.” I hug her back.
As we pull apart, Owen says, “Ladies…. time to go.”
“Who the fuck are you?” Piper yells loud enough so that all the people around us stop what they’re doing and look to see what the commotion is all about.
“Piper…. he needs us to keep a low profile,” I move my index finger between the two of them. “Piper, this is Owen, Gabriel and Matt’s brother. Owen, this is my best friend and business partner, Piper.”
“Nice to meet you. Can we go now?” Owen sounds very impatient.
“Well, it’s not nice to meet you.” Piper looks at Owen, but thankfully, she has lowered her voice. “Why’d you take my balloons and sign away? I worked hard on that sign.”
“And Olivia saw it, as did the rest of the airport, and now she doesn’t need it anymore. Can we please go?”
“Come on, Piper. We can talk in the car. Where are you parked?” I head towards the doors of the terminal.
“In short-term parking. Are we taking ‘Party Pooper’ over here, as well?” She uses her thumb to show Owen.
“I just need a ride to my car and then I’ll follow you two home, deal?” Owen says as we walk across the parking lot, but his eyes are on everything but us and he’s making me nervous.
“Good. Where’s your car?” Piper gets her keys out of her purse.
“I’m parked over by the hangars. You just need to go out of this exit and hang a ri…”
“I own a medical flight company, asswipe. I know where the hangars are. Get in the back.” She’s a bit surly to him. She must have really worked hard on that sign. Piper usually gets along with everyone. I just shake my head as the two of them battle it out. All three of us climb into Piper’s Ford Edge and leave for the hangars.
∞
As we pull into my driveway, it becomes very apparent that I’m going to have company for a while. “I suppose I should have expected this, huh?” I look at Piper.
“Seriously? You weren’t expecting your family to be here when you got home?” She sounds astounded. “Your father has fixed up the place, too.”
“He has? What’s he done?” We climb out of her SUV and head towards the front door.
“You’ll see. Oh, goody… asswipe is here. Is he really related to Gabriel and Matt? ‘Cuz I really like Matt, and Gabriel is growing on me, but this guy’s… he’s too much.”
“Yes. They’re brothers. And you should know…. he was the one Justin sent me to. So be nice. He’s actually a nice guy.”
“Yeah. Whatever.” 
I wait for Owen to park his car and to walk up to me. “Nice place.”
“Thanks. I love my little house. It’s perfect for me and my dog.” I can hear the pride in my voice. “Ready to meet the family? Apparently, there seems to be a party going on inside.”
“Lead on, my lady.” He does an exaggerated bow.
“Shakespeare? Really?” 
He laughs at me as we walk up the porch. As I open the door, I’m grabbed by my mother first. “Oh, baby. You’re home! I’ve missed you.”
“I’ve missed you, too, Mom.” I hug her back. As I’m in my mother’s hold, I see Owen bypass everyone in the living room and start searching my house.
My mom finally lets me go and then my dad grabs me. “Hi, pumpkin. Good to have you home.”
Okay, that brings a tear to my eye. My father and I have been distant since the “traumatic incident”, so this sudden burst of affection isn’t expected. “Hi, Dad.”
Justin walks over to us and pats me on the back. He never has been able to show any kind of affection. “Good to have you back, sis.”
“Thanks, little bro.” I smile. Then suddenly, I hear it. The best sound in the world. Tearing through the house at warp speed is Brownie. She doesn’t care who’s in her way, she wants her mommy… and her mommy wants her.
Pulling from my father’s embrace, I kneel to greet my dog, but I’m pushed over, ass over teakettle, and assaulted by kisses, barks, and a wagging tail. “I’m so happy to see you, too, Brownie.” Everyone is watching and laughing at Brownie’s antics. She’s running from my parents to me and back again. Then suddenly, Brownie stops in her place. The hackles on the back of her neck rise and she suddenly starts growling. 
“Brownie… what is it?” I’m concerned, but Brownie seems on point and is watching down the hallway towards the bedrooms. She keeps growling. Everyone looks down the hallway and then towards Brownie, trying to figure out what’s got her so upset suddenly.
“Brownie…. tell me. What is it?” I say as I drop to my knees next to her. Brownie then stands in front of me, still with her hair standing up, but now showing her teeth. Owen walks out of one bedroom and I see immediately what’s bothering Brownie. I grab her by the collar just before Brownie attempts to charge at Owen. To his credit, Owen seems to know exactly what not to do, which was to run. Owen stands stock still and looks away from the dog. 
“Brownie, it’s okay. He’s a friend.” 
“Yeah, right.” Piper says under her breath, but because no one else was talking, everyone hears her.
“Piper, not helping.” I give her a dirty look.
Justin walks over to Owen and does that guy hug thing they do. “Hughes, my man. Thanks for all you’ve done for me. Long time, no see.”
Owen isn’t too sure if he should move and says as much. “Is she going to kill me or is it okay to breathe yet?”
“Brownie, see? It’s okay.” I pet Brownie and she seems to relax a bit. She stops growling and just watches as Justin and Owen stand together.
“See, Brownie…. good guy.” He wraps his arm around Owen’s shoulders. That is all Brownie needs to hear. She’s wagging her tail and licking me all over my face, imaginary intruder forgotten.
∞
After about an hour of talking and laughing, I yawn. “I want to go to bed, so everyone needs to get out.”
“Time to go, everyone. She’s kicking us out.” Justin tries to corral everyone out the door. “Olivia, Dad fixed up the place, and we installed an alarm.”
“You didn’t have to do that.” 
“I don’t give a flying leap to what you think about that. You needed one, you got one, and you better use it.” Justin says as sternly as he can, trying to be the big bad cop he thinks he is.
“A flying leap?” I can’t help but laugh. Justin gives me a dirty look and then moves his eyes towards our parents as if to say he isn’t cursing in front of them. I totally get that. Nodding, I say, “Fair enough. Thank you.”
“Also, we installed a light switch by your bed. It controls the front porch lights. If you’re home, those lights need to be on. If you’re in trouble, turn them off. Patrol in this area knows that if the lights are off and your car is in the driveway, that something’s wrong. They’ll be by a few times each night. Got it?”
“Yes, sir.” I salute him.
Justin shakes his head, but pulls me into his arms and hugs me tight. Letting go, he says, “Come on, Mom. I’ll take you home.”
“Why isn’t Dad taking you home, Mom?” I ask, looking over at my parents standing in the kitchen I haven’t been in for a few months now.
My dad walks up to me. “If you think for one minute, I’m letting my baby girl stay home alone on her first night back. You’ve got another think coming, young lady.”
“Dad… you don’t have to stay. I have the alarm, the light thingy, and Brownie. I’ll be fine.” I’m arguing a losing fight I can see in his eyes.
“I know you’ll be fine, because I’ll be here.” Turning to my mom, he says, “I’ll be home for breakfast, dear. I love you.” He kisses her temple. “I’ll be in the second bedroom, Olivia, if you need me.” And he walks down the hall and disappears into the second bedroom.
“Good night, dear. Sleep well.” Mom says, hugging me once more before following Justin and Piper out the door.
“Olivia… I left your phone on the counter. Call me. We’re going out tomorrow night with Alana. No excuses.” Piper calls over her shoulder.
Owen stands at the doorway and watches as everyone piles into their own cars. “I’m leaving, too, but Gabriel wanted me to make sure you have his number. He wants you to call him before you go to bed tonight. Here’s his card with his new cell number on the back and I wrote mine on there as well, so if you need anything, you call me. Got it?”
“Yes, sir.” I salute him as well.
“Gabriel has his hands full with you, doesn’t he?” Laughing, he walks out the door. Brownie is following him to his car like she’s leaving with him.
“Brownie…. we’re staying here.” I try to call her back. Since the incident earlier this evening, Brownie and Owen have become close friends.
“Brownie…. you have to go protect Mommy. Now go.” Owen says to her and as if she speaks a lick of English, she walks away from him and back into the house with me. Silly dog.


Chapter 43 - Olivia

After feeding Brownie, it’s time to let her outside. “You ready to go potty?” I ask her. Brownie cocks her head to the side and then runs to the back door. I let her out and go back to the spare bedroom my dad is staying in. The door’s open and he’s sitting on top of the bedsheets, flipping through channels on the television.
“You know… if you hit the mute button again, there’ll be sound coming out of it and you can hear what the people are saying.” I lean my shoulder against the doorframe to the room.
“Don’t be smart with me, young lady. I’m still your father,” he responds, with an arched eyebrow. Then he hits the power button on the remote. “Nothing worth watching, anyway.”
“Never is, nowadays. I don’t see you as a reality TV watcher and that’s all that’s on anymore.” I push myself off of the doorframe and sit on the side of the bed with him. “You know, you don’t need to stay tonight, Dad. I’m fine.” 
Looking at me with such seriousness in his eyes, he says, “I need to, darling. I haven’t been the best dad the last few months, and if it weren’t for your mother, I’m not sure I would have survived it. Then, after hearing what happened the other day from Justin…. well…. I couldn’t believe it. And all I could think of is if you were safe or not.” He stops talking for a minute and I can hear him fighting the lump in his throat.
“It’s okay, Dad. I haven’t been the best daughter in the world, either.” I place my hand on top of his.
“I never want to hear you say that again…. or think it, either. You have been the best daughter a man could ever ask for. And someday, when this shit’s all over, and we have all moved on from this, you’ll make a great wife and mother as well.” He says in no uncertain terms. 
I know very well that I can’t, and shouldn’t, argue against his tone of voice. In my teenage years, the tone of his voice showed me how close to being in trouble I was. Even now that I’m an adult, I still fear that tone. “Thank you, Dad. For everything. The house, the alarm, taking Brownie whenever I’m at work…. everything. Thank you.”
“I’d walk through fire for you and your brother. I hope you know that.”
“I do, Dad.” Brownie barks and scratches at the door to come in. “I guess she’s done. Let me go get her before the neighbors call on us again.” My joke isn’t very funny if the look in my father’s eyes is any sign. Brownie comes running into the spare bedroom and jumps on the bed with Dad. “I guess I’ve been replaced.” 
Dad pets Brownie’s head and then looks at Olivia. “So…. who’s the guy?”
“What guy?” I’m confused to what he’s talking about. There’s no way he knows about Gabriel.
“The guy you were in Nashville with. Gerald?”
Crap. He knows about Gabriel. How the hell did he know that? “Gabriel’s his name. He’s Owen’s brother and when Owen had to go do another job, he passed me onto him. He took good care of me, Dad. No need to worry.” I’m trying to play it off, but I’m not too sure if I’m successful. I’m so not ready to tell my parents about him, yet.
“You like him. And stop shaking your head at me…” I’m doing just that, trying to deny what my father is telling me. “I can see it in your face. You’re happy and sad all at the same time. So…. tell me about the man who has my daughter torn between feelings.” 
Going back to the bed, I sit down next to Brownie, so she’s in between us, and start petting her, too. “Well, he owns his own security business…. him and his two brothers.”
“There’s another brother?”
“Yes. Three in all. Gabriel, Owen, who you met tonight, and Matt. Owen’s nice and he was in the service with Justin. And Gabriel was in Army Special Forces and he’s pretty great, too.” I can’t help smile when I say the last part.
“What about Matt? Have you met him?”
I sigh. “Oh, yes. He’s not my favorite brother, but Piper seems to have a thing for him. Doesn’t matter, though. He’s not her type at all.” I laugh at the thought.
“Have you talked to him since you’ve been home?” He’s still petting Brownie. That dog is in doggie heaven right now.
“No, not yet.”
“Well what are you doing here with an old man and a dog? Go, time for you to go talk to your man and then get some much needed rest.” He makes a shooing motion with his hands. When I don’t get up right away, he tells me, “Go on, now.”
“I’m not sure I’m ready to have a man right now, Dad. And I’m not sure he’s my man, either.”
He stops petting Brownie’s head, which makes the dog look up to see what’s happened to her new found nirvana. “Olivia, no man sends his own brother down to help a girl…. unless it’s his girl. Brothers are the only men he can trust. If you weren’t his girl…. then he would have sent an employee or sent you home on your own. Now, go. Call him and then go to bed. Listen to me…. I’m your father.” He smiles at me and I kiss him on the cheek as I go to leave the bedroom. 
Turning around, I smile at the sight of Brownie enjoying her petting and my father turning the television on again. “I love you, Dad. I’m glad you’re here tonight.”
“I love you, too, pumpkin.”


Chapter 44 - Gabriel

Standing in my living room of the condo in Nashville, I dial my brother’s cell phone. “Hey, it’s me. Did you get her home okay? Any problems?”
“Yeah, Olivia’s home now. Her family was at the house when we got back. Her dad and brother installed an alarm and a light switch for her front porch like I told them to. She’s good to go. I’m sitting in my car parked down the street from her house right now. I’m just waiting until she goes to bed.” Owen says. 
“Good. Thanks for taking care of her for me.” I sit on the couch overlooking downtown Nashville. From here, I can see the hotel we were at just this morning.
“Oh, hey. I’m gonna text you a present. You’ll like it.” Owen says as I hear him put me on speakerphone and start hitting some buttons.
“Of what? Don’t tell me you broke something else that’s company property.” 
“Two phones. Only two phones I broke and both times, I was on a job. When are you going to let that go?”
“Just keeping you honest, little brother. How’s Mom and Dad? I haven’t talked to them in a few days. Everything going okay?”
“Last I talked to them was a few days ago, too. I suppose everything’s alright. I guess you’re not making dinner this week, either, huh? So Matt’s going to be the favorite for a while. I don’t think he’s missed one in months.”
“Owen, Matt doesn’t miss one because he has no social life. All he does is work.” I hear a beep on my phone telling me I have an incoming text. “Listen, I gotta go, but thanks again for helping me out.”
“Before you go, what’s the deal with Russo? Have you found him yet?” I can hear the concern in his voice.
“No, but I talked to Tricia today, and she hasn’t seen or heard from him either. God…. you should see how she’s living, Owen. I wish I could talk her into moving. Being stuck in an Army town when the Army has shunned you is like living in The Scarlet Letter. It’s really tough on her and Jack Jr. She just won’t take any help.”
“Damn. You should do that controlling thing you do and make her go. Just pick her up and drag her kicking and screaming, caveman style. She’ll get over it and eventually thank you for it.”
“Controlling thing? I’m not controlling.” I try to defend myself. “Besides, I’m not too sure Olivia would appreciate that.”
“You are controlling, but you can’t help it, so we let you be the boss. Oh, and one more thing. Olivia tried to get some dirt on you out of me, but I didn’t give her anything. Just so you know and I don’t get my ass kicked.”
She would try something like that. Smiling to myself, I say, “She did, huh? Interesting.”
“Okay. I gotta go. Keep your head down and watch your six, okay?”
“I will, Owen. Thanks again.” I hang up the phone. Remembering I got a text alert, I see it’s from Owen. He must have sent it while we were on the phone just now. My little brother can multitask with the best of them, as long as he isn’t breaking company property. Tapping on the text icon, I pull up the text and it’s a picture of Olivia. She isn’t smiling, but it looks like they were on the plane and he caught her off guard, but it doesn’t matter. She still looks beautiful. How can I already miss her? She’s barely been in my life, and now she’s all I can think of.
Just as I’m looking at her picture and remembering how her skin feels, I get another text, but from an unknown number. Maybe it’s Russo. I’ve put out a lot of feelers today. Tapping on the text icon again, I pull up the text message:
Unknown: I’m home. Please tell Owen I said thank you.
Me: I’m glad ur home and safe. How’s our heroic dog doing?
Olivia: LOL. You speak text. How many other languages do U speak? And Brownie’s just fine, once she decided not to kill ur brother, that is J
Me: Ah. I’m worthy of a smiley face! I speak a few languages, but U already knew that. How are U doing, really?
Olivia: I’m fine. LOL
Me: *SMH
Olivia: OMG! U really do speak text. LOL
Me: Really, how r u? I want to know.
Olivia: I’m doing pretty good. I’m home, my dog is with me, and even my dad and I talked. BTW he’s staying here tonight. Kinda weird, but cool, ya know?
Me: I’m happy to hear that. I can’t wait to meet him and ur mom.
After a few minutes of silence, I decide to type something else in case I’ve freaked her out, but she sends another text before I do and it shocked me to see what she writes. I didn’t think she was there yet, although I have been for a while now.
Olivia: I miss you.
Me: I miss you 2. More than you know.
Olivia: Are you still at the hotel?
Me: No. I’m at my penthouse in Nashville.
Olivia: Penthouse?! I thought u said it was a condo. How loaded r u?
Me: Is that all you want me for, my money? LOL. Loaded. Does it matter?
Olivia: Nope, just want to make sure I’m not getting 2 out of my league with u.
Me: Oh, Olivia, it’s me who is way out of his league. Ur amazing.
Olivia: Can we talk?
Me: Umm… That doesn’t sound good.
Olivia: I mean on the phone. Will u call me? My fingers are getting tired. Not sure how the kids do this all day long.
No sooner did I read her text than I hit the phone icon. As soon as I hear her pickup, I say, “Hello, beautiful.”
“Hello. I’m glad you called.”
“Ask and you shall receive. Tell me you’re okay, Olivia. I need to hear the words.”
“Gabriel, I told you. I’m good. Why doesn’t anyone believe me?” She sounds exhausted to me.
“I believe you. It’s just that I can’t be there, and you do not know how badly I want to be. I just want to know that you’re good and….” I trail off, not sure if I want to tell her. Scaring her off when I can’t be with her to calm her down is the last thing I want.
“And what, Gabriel?”
“I should’ve made love to you this morning. I’m craving you right now, and last night was…” I hesitate. “… just not enough for me.”
“Well… I’m not going to disagree with you there. This morning would have been nice as well.”
“Nice? You’re telling me last night was just…. nice?” I say with shock in my voice.
“Oh, you’re hearing it wrong! Last night… well… last night was the best I’ve ever had. It would’ve been nice if we could’ve repeated that this morning…. and don’t go getting a big head about it.” she teases me.
“Too late, Olivia. It’s big.” I groan, very uncomfortable sitting in my living room alone.
“Oh. My. God. You’re bad.”
“Touch yourself,” I whisper into the phone as I stroke myself. I can almost see her standing in front of me.
“What? No! I’m not having phone sex with you.”
“Olivia, I’m stroking myself, thinking of you taking me in your mouth. It’s the hottest image in my head, and I need to know that you’re thinking the same thing. Please…. touch yourself. Tell me how it feels.” I can hear her take in a deep breath.
“Gabriel, my father is in the other room. I’m not doing this with you. Not tonight.”
Inhaling the largest breath I can take, I let go of myself. “Fine. I’m just going to sit here, on my couch in my living room of my house…. all alone… and jerk myself off, thinking of burying myself deep into you. The next time we fuck…. and we will soon, Olivia…. it’ll be hard and fast. Then after I make you scream my name until you’re hoarse, I’m going to lick you dry and flick your clit until you can’t breathe and you’re wet all over again for me. I’ll make you orgasm so many times, you won’t be able to lift your head…. until I enter you slowly…. hard as a rock…… hitting that spot that makes you shake from head to toe. Then, I’m going to make you see stars, Olivia. Are you okay with that?”
She doesn’t answer me at first, but I can hear her breathing fast over the phone. “Olivia? Answer me.”
“Yes…” she whispers.
“Time for bed, beautiful. I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Sweet dreams.”
“Good night, Gabriel.”
That’ll give her something to think about…. but now I need to take care of this hard on.


Chapter 45 - Olivia

I can smell coffee. Really good coffee. And apparently, Brownie knows that I’m awake because the dog is bouncing all over the bed, hoping to get let out for her morning rituals. “Okay, girl. I’m up. Let’s go outside.”
Brownie tears off the bed and out of the bedroom, heading towards the back door. I climb out of bed without as much enthusiasm, and put my robe on. Don’t want to scare Dad. I let Brownie out the back door and then go in search of the coffee smell of origin. “Something smells delicious,” I say as I walk around the corner of the hallway into the great room. 
Dad is in the kitchen, cracking eggs to make scrambled eggs. “Good morning, pumpkin. How’d’you sleep?” 
Sitting down on my barstool at the kitchen island, I pick up the mug of coffee Dad had set out for me with the creamer and sugar. “Good. Better than I have in a long time at home.”
He stops instantly at what he’s doing and looks up at me. “You haven’t been sleeping well at home? Since when?”
“Seriously, Dad? Since the whole thing with Marc,” I shake my head. “Doesn’t Mom or Justin tell you anything? I haven’t slept well since coming home from the hospital. But I sleep pretty good at the station, and….” I realize for the first time that I slept really well with Gabriel, too. “… at the hotel. So, no. I haven’t slept well at home in a while. It feels good too, though.” I look up at him to see he’s still looking at me, but now, there are egg shells all over the kitchen counter. “Let me help you. What can I do?”
“Have you been in a kitchen? Justin told me you’ve been living in your living room off of microwave meals and sandwiches.” He collects the egg shells and throws them in the trash.
Taking a deep breath, I say, “Well…. yesterday I walked through the one in the hotel suite….so I suppose, yes, I have.” I’m proud of my accomplishment. “Baby steps.”
Nodding his head, he agrees. “Yes. Baby steps.” He smiles at me. Just then, the doorbell rings and we both look at the door. “That’s probably your mother. She called saying she was coming to get me.”
I get up and open the door. “Hi, Mom.” I hug her and move the door to let her in. “I got to let Brownie back in the house.”
“Good morning, dear,” Mom says to me and then looks over to Dad manning the stove. “Good morning, honey.”
“Mornin’. I’m almost ready to go. I just need to finish scrambling these eggs for Olivia,” I can hear him say to Mom as I walk down the hallway to let Brownie back into the house.
When I walk back into the great room, I take a seat on the barstool again and ask, “Aren’t you two staying for breakfast? There’s way too much for me to eat.” My eyes are in giant circles.
“No, dear. We have errands to run. What are you doing today?” Mom asks as she sits at the other barstool.
“Well, I missed an appointment with Dr. Barker, so I need to see if I can get in with her today so the department doesn’t revoke my medical release. Then I need to find out when I can get back to work. I’m just so glad this is all over.” I tell them.
“You know your brother doesn’t believe that, right?” Mom looks worried.
“Mom… it’s fine. I knew it was some neighborhood prank… a very poor one… but they have caught the kids, and all is going to be fine, Mom. Really.” 
After a few minutes, Mom looks at Dad and then back at me. Nodding her head, she said, “Okay, if you think so, but maybe you should take a few days to get back into the swing of things.”
“Mom… the best thing for me right now is to get back into my routine. It’s really all I want right now.”
“Okay… I get the hint. So let’s change the subject. Tell me about this new man of yours and when can we meet him.”
“Oh, my God. No. We’re not even…. I don’t even know what we are…. but not serious right now and I so do not want to have this conversation with you.”
Dad saves me. “Okay dear, let’s go. She has a routine to get to and we have errands to run.” He walks around the kitchen island and puts a plate of hot scrambled eggs in front of me. “Eat all of this, young lady. I mean it. You’re too skinny.” He kisses my temple and heads towards the door.
“Yes, Dad. Love you and thanks for staying last night.”
“I love you, too, pumpkin. Let’s go, dear.” He winks at me.
“I love you, and we are meeting this new guy soon. It’s written all over your face… it’s a lot more serious than you’re telling us or yourself.” Mom says as she hugs me and heads towards the door. “Bye, dear.”
“Bye, Mom.” Is it really more serious than I want….am I ready…. for it to be? Whatever.
∞
After hanging out all day at home with Brownie, it’s finally time to leave to go see Dr. Barker. I was able to get squeezed in today, so hopefully, I can go back to work on the next shift.
While driving to downtown Palm Beach where the office of Dr. Barker is, my phone rings. Seeing Piper’s face on the screen, my heart falls. I was hoping it was Gabriel. I swipe the green bar at the bottom. “Hiya.”
“Wow… you sound chipper.”
“I’m on my way to see Dr. Barker and hoping she’ll let me go back to work on my next shift, which is supposed to be tomorrow, which is Saturday.”
“What makes you think you won’t be able to go back to work?”
“Well, my house was trashed, and Chief Scott knows about that because he agreed with you and Justin to ship me out of the country. So… I have my suspicions.”
“Wow… did Gabriel take you anywhere else besides Mexico and Nashville? Maybe to Orgasmville?”
“Piper… focus. What’s up?” I’m laughing at my crazy friend. She has to have ADD.
“Oh, yeah. Alana and I are taking you out tonight…. no, excuses…. don’t even want to hear it. It’s time the girls get back together. So be ready…. looking your hot self at seven. We’ll take a cab to Sideways so we can all drink and have a good time.”
“You know what, Piper…” 
“Don’t! I will resort to kidnapping if I have to.” Piper interrupts me, which makes me smile.
“I was going to say it sounds like a good idea, but could we make it 7:30? I want to go shopping for a new pair of shoes.”
“Holy shit, that was easier than I thought.”
“I gotta go. I’m pulling into the doctor’s office now. I’ll see ya tonight.” I hang up, not giving Piper any more time to talk. Seriously…. that girl can talk your ear off if you let her.
Walking into the office, I flip the light switch on the wall, indicating that I’m here to the doctor. She’s probably with another patient. I sit down in one of the waiting areas and pull out my phone to relieve the boredom of waiting. Who are you kidding? You’re wondering where he is, what he’s doing, if he’s okay, and if he is… why hasn’t he called you? Phone works both ways, girl. You can call him, too, ya know.
Just then, the door to Dr. Barker’s office opens up, and a couple walk out, not looking thrilled with each other. The man looks at me and smiles politely. The wife sighs loudly and stomps away. Glad I’m not riding home in their car.
“Olivia, please come in.” Dr. Barker says, holding the door open and flipping the light switch off.
Once inside, I sit down on the dorm room looking sofa and wait for Dr. Barker to get settled.
“So, how have you been, Olivia? It surprised me you missed your last session, seeing how eager you were to get back to work. You know, you need to keep your appointments until I clear you, right? Department rules and all?”
“Well… that’s actually why I’m here. Something happened, and I was out of town because of it.”
“Okay… let’s chat. Tell me what happened.” Dr. Barker says, sitting back in her chair.
∞
After I give the entire story about what I found at my house, being shipped off to Mexico, seeing Gabriel again, running from the hurricane, being shot at, running through the streets of Mexico, flying to Nashville, the kids’ confession, and coming home, I finally stop talking. The entire time, Dr. Barker hasn’t said a word. “Well?” Maybe she doesn’t believe it. I don’t think I would either, now that I’ve said it all out loud. It sounds preposterous.
“Well… I don’t think that’s the entire story, Olivia. What are you leaving out?”
“What do you mean? Isn’t that enough? It’s been quite a lot, frankly.” I avert my eyes away from the doctor. I haven’t said a word about me and Gabriel. 
“Olivia…”,
“Fine. I slept with Gabriel. Happy?”
“And?”
“And…. I like him. Happy? I’m not sure what the hell I’m doing with someone like that, but…” I let the sentence hang open.
“Okay…. let’s start from the beginning. Your brother doesn’t think the kids did this to your house, but you’re happy with what the cops say. Am I right?”
“Yes. Justin’s my baby brother. He’s just being overprotective, again. So, I’m happy that they’ve been caught and now I can go back to my life.”
“Okay… and you were out of the country for your last appointment, which is why you missed it. I can totally understand that. So you’re good there.”
Breathing a sigh of relief, I say, “Thank you.”
“Where are you staying now? Family or friends?”
“Why? Oh… while I was gone, my brother and father fixed up my house, so I’m staying at home. With Brownie.” I smile at the doctor proudly.
Smirking, she said, “Very good. So tell me about Gabriel. What does he do?”
“Um…. well… he’s in private security… I think. Something like that. He’s loaded, so totally out of my league.”
“Wait, what do you mean ‘out of your league’, Olivia?”
“Well, I work for the city. He owns his own company, a few houses, a jet…”
“You own a jet, Olivia. Why do you think he’s out of your league… really?”
“I don’t own a jet. I’m part owner in a company that owns a jet. And he’s out of my league. He’s fucking loaded…” I wave my hands around, trying to emphasize my point. “I have two hundred and sixty-one dollars in my account. We are not compatible.”
Taking a deep breath, Dr. Barker looks at me. “First. There are no ‘leagues’. If you like him, that’s fine. That’s actually very healthy and I’m surprised you’re at this point already. Don’t get me wrong, I’m happy about it… you deserve it… it’s just I thought it would take you more time to start trusting again.”
“Well…” I look at my hands in my lap. “He makes me feel…. safe. Does that sound weird? ‘Cuz it sounds weird in my head.” I look up at the doctor and see her smiling at me.
“No, that’s not weird. That’s a good thing, Olivia. I’m happy for you.”
“Happy enough to write me a note to work?” I ask with hope in my voice and a big smile on my face.
Shaking her head, she said, “I don’t think so, Olivia. You need some more time. As you know, I wasn’t thrilled about letting you get back to work before this all happened. Now someone has broken into your house…”
“Kids. Kids broke into my house.” I interrupt.
“Kids. And then the flying all over and being shot at. I’m just not convinced you’ve fully processed all that’s happened. I want you to take more time.”
“Ugh. Why? I’m fine. No one wants to believe me! I’m fine. Really, I am.” I’m trying to convince her, but I can hear the desperation in my voice.
“But…. what I am willing to do is let you go back to work, but only in an administrative role. Is that okay with you?”
Almost like a petulant child, I look at her and say, “Fine. Whatever.” I flop back onto the couch.
“That’s the spirit,” she laughs. “Now, let’s talk about the pediatric code you had the day we last met. How are you handling that?”
Taking a few minutes to answer, I realize I haven’t given that little girl a second thought since that day. That’s the day my house was broken into and I ended up in Mexico. “I feel terrible that I haven’t thought about her. I’ve been selfish.”
“No, you haven’t, Olivia. It’s not selfish. You did all you could for her.”
“I missed her funeral.” I’m staring off into space.
“Why would you have gone?”
“I’ve been to all of them. Every pedi-code I’ve had.” I look right at the doctor.
“Why do you go?”
“So I remember what to be thankful for.”
Nodding her head in agreement with me, she replies, “I think you need time to heal yourself, Olivia. Take this time seriously. Have some fun and enjoy some of life’s pleasures, even Gabriel. You have a long road ahead of you, but you’re making more progress than I thought you would at this stage.”
Sitting straight up from the dorm sofa, I say, “Oh. I’ve been in a kitchen! Will that let me go back to work?”
Laughing at me again, I did not know I was so funny, she asks, “You did? How’d’you manage that?”
“Gabriel.” I say shyly.
“So you went into the kitchen. Where? At home?”
“No. At the hotel I was at in Nashville.”
“Well, I’m glad you’re making progress, but no, one time in a kitchen will not suffice. Take the time, Olivia. You deserve to be happy. Let me know when you’ve been in your own kitchen and then we can talk about going back to work.”
Getting up to leave, I’m just not convinced. “How can I be happy if I have no idea why Marc did what he did, Doc?”
“You’ll probably never know, Olivia. You’re just going to have to live with that. Can you do that?” she asks me as she follows me to the door.
“I’m not sure that’s going to be good enough.”
“It’s going to have to be.”
“If I don’t know what provoked him, how am I supposed to keep it from happening again?”
“It’s not what you did to provoke him. He was the one with the issue, not you. You need to come to realize that. You did not provoke him.”
Nodding, I say, “Whatever you say, Doc. See you next week,” and I leave the office to go buy some shoes.
∞
At exactly 7:30, Piper and Alana bang on the front door. Brownie barks up a storm. “Brownie, hush. It’s just the girls.” 
Brownie still runs to the door, wagging her tail as hard as possible. “Come in,” I call from the bedroom where I’m transferring the necessities for the night into my purse.
“I can’t believe your door is unlocked, Olivia. What the fuck!” Alana yells from the great room.
I walk out in my little black dress, a staple for every woman’s closet, and brand new heels “I saw you pull up.” I lie.
“I call bullshit!” Alana answers with her eyebrows so raised they could be in her hairline.
“Whatever. Let’s go have a good time!”
“You look hot! Let me take a picture of you.” Piper pulls out her camera phone.
“Fine. Hurry up. I need a drink!” I pose in the great room so Piper can take a picture. 
“I’m sending this to your phone. Send it to Gabriel. He’ll love it!”
“No, now let’s go.” 
“Finally!” Alana says as we all walk out of the house and climb into the cab waiting at the end of the driveway.
“Okay, ladies. The plan for tonight is for me to find a fuck buddy. Got it?” Alana turns in her seat from the front of the cab to face us in the back. I can see the cabbie’s face turn bright red. Tonight’s gonna be fun.
“Olivia’s got a man, but I could use one.” Piper confesses.
“I don’t have a man, Piper. We’re just…. I don’t know yet, but I’m not looking, either.”
“Oh, boy. You haven’t heard from him today, have you? Well, maybe he’s just busy.” Piper defends him. “Send him that picture I sent to your phone. He’ll be here in no time.”
“Piper, no. I haven’t heard from him today, and I’m not sending him that picture. He’s off trying to find a guy who’s trying to kill him. The last thing he needs is me bothering and distracting him. So. Let. It. Go.”
“Wait, what? Who’s trying to kill who? I’m so lost.” Alana says from the front seat.
“I’ll explain it all when we get to Sideways, but I’ve already told it once to my doctor today, and I’m going to need a lot of tequila to spit it all out again. But, I need to catch up with my two besties!” I say as the cab pulls into the parking lot of Sideways. After paying the cabbie, all three of us walk into the bar and see it is packed.
“I hope the selection here is better than before,” Alana tells us as we sit down at the only high top not occupied.
“It’s bar food, Alana. It is what it is,” Piper says as she’s trying to wipe off the table with a bar napkin.
“I meant the men, Piper.” Alana’s shaking her head.
All three of us laugh when Vinny, the bartender, walks over to us. “Looks like you girls are ready for a good time. What can I get you three?” He throws a bar rag over his shoulder.
“We’ll have three beers and three shots of something…. surprise us. Then, we’ll want three more shots.” Alana answers him.
“Coming right up, ladies.” He leaves to go fill our drink order.
“Okay, girl, spill the beans. What the fuck happened while I was gone, who’s Gabriel, Piper keeps talking about some Matt guy, and who’s trying to kill who now?” Alana asks me.
After I tell the entire story, including my visit today with Dr. Barker and that I’m only being released for administrative work, my two best friends just sit and stare at me with open mouths. By this time, we have already downed two beers and two shots each and now we’re working on the third beer and the third shots have been ordered.
“Holy. Fucking. Shitballs. I’m gone on a little business and come back and everything is different. I’m not leaving again, just so you know, Piper. No more.”
I look over at Piper to see her still staring at me, open-mouthed. “What?”
“You slept with him? And you didn’t call me to tell me about it? Olivia Michelle, I’m so mad at you right now.” Piper says as she looks away from me.
“You can’t be mad at her, Piper. Olivia just told you. When was she supposed to call you? When they were doing it? When they were getting shot at? Get off your high horse and congratulate the girl. She has a…. what do you call it…… a glow. Yep. Definite glow.”
“Alana… that’s for pregnant women,” Piper says, then suddenly turns to me. “Oh, my God… you’re not pregnant, are you?” She’s whispering, although her words are slurring.
“Piper… no, I’m not pregnant. You know that.” I give her a stare. The liquor is getting to me, too. “I think I need to slow down the drinking. It’s been a while since I’ve had any and my head’s a bit dizzy.”
“Lightweight.” Alana teases.
“Whatever.”
The guys at the table next to us scoot their chairs over to our table. “Hi, ladies. Lonely? How about some company?” the guy with pitch black hair says to us, but he’s looking at Alana.
“Ah. Fuck no. This is ladies’ night. Back off, dude.” Alana tells him. Apparently, none of the four guys fit the ‘fuck buddy’ profile she’s looking for tonight.
“Hey… chill out. We’re just being friendly.” He strokes his crooked index finger down her arm. Suddenly, Alana grabs his finger and twists it until he’s screaming. She bends down to his ear and loudly says, “I was trying to be nice, fucktard. Back off.” 
“The lady said no, buddy. Time to move on.” Says a deep, familiar voice. I turn to see who it is, knowing it isn’t who I’d like it to be. 
“Fuck, you can have the bitch.” the guy says as his buddies from the table pulled him away and they head towards the dance floor.
“Are you okay?” Owen asks Alana.
“I can handle myself.” She says, but in a voice that says Owen definitely fits the fuck buddy profile.
“I can see that. Impressive. I’m Owen Hughes.” He walks to her side of the table and sticks out his hand to shake.
“Alana, these are Gabriel’s brothers and business partners. Owen, Matt, meet Piper and Alana. They are my best friends and business partners.”
“Nice to meet you.” Owen says to Alana as he takes a barstool from the now empty table next to us. “Can I buy you ladies a drink?”
“We’re taking a break from drinking right now, Owen. We’ll take some nachos, though,” I say before Alana orders more alcohol. I look at Piper for some help, but notice that she and Matt are just staring at each other. “I’ll go get them.” I say to no one because no one is paying any attention to me. Now I really miss Gabriel.
Standing at the bar, I’m waiting for the nachos order as I watch my two friends become friendly with Gabriel’s brothers. I even see Owen and Alana start making out a bit. So, Alana won’t be lonely tonight. And now it looks like neither will Piper.
Pulling out my phone in my light drunken haze, I pull up the picture Piper took of me before we left tonight. It’s a pretty good picture of me. What the hell. I hit the icon to send it to Gabriel. Almost instantly, I get a text back:
Gabriel: You look beautiful. I want to take that off of you, though.
Me: Where’ve you been? Are you okay?
Gabriel: Been trying to find him. No luck though.
Me: Your brothers and my friends are hitting it off right now.
Gabriel: Great…
Me: Do you know when you’ll be home?
Gabriel: Soon, I hope. I miss you.
Me:  I miss you, too.
Gabriel: Call me when you’re home. Don’t drink too much, beautiful.
Me: Bye.
Gabriel: Bye.
The nachos arrive just as we finish texting, and I slip my phone back into my purse. The group downs the nachos quickly. “I want another shot.” Alana slurs.
“I think you’ve had enough, baby.” Owen has his arm slung over her shoulders.
Baby? How long was I gone? Alana will not take that lying down.
“Okay. Let’s go dance, then.” Or maybe she will….
Matt and Piper follow Owen and Alana out onto the dance floor. Because it’s a country bar, there is a group of people line dancing, so they had to move to the side of the dance floor. I hang back at the table with the purses, wishing I was with Gabriel instead. I’m in a lot of trouble if I’m missing him this much already. I barely know him. I knew he was trouble when I first laid eyes on him…. but he’s hot… and then there’s that electricity thing we do when we touch…. Okay… now I’m ready to go home. I want to hear his voice.
Owen is practically carrying Alana back to the table because she can’t seem to get her hands off of him. He’s apparently enjoying the attention, though. Matt is following them, holding Piper’s hand. “Time to get out of here.” he says to me.
“Good. I’m ready to go.”
“Who drove?” he asks me over the loud music.
“Cab.”
“We’ll drop you girls off.”
“I’m leaving with Owen.” Alana announces. Owen just smiles at us and raises his eyebrows. Then he turns to Alana and they start making out at the table, again.
“I’ll take a cab home. You guys go ahead.” I tell Matt, but I see him immediately shaking his head.
“No. I’ll take you and Piper home. Let’s go.” He waves his arm in front of me to let me lead the way out of the now packed and very noisy bar.
When we all get outside, Matt leads Piper and me to his car, a very nice Mercedes…in black, of course. “Get in, ladies.” He points the key fob at the car and unlocks the doors. “I’m going to talk to Owen before they leave.”
“Tell him not to sleep with her. She’s drunk and will kick his ass tomorrow, but she needs to sleep it off first.” Piper says to him as he walks away.
“You need to take your own advice, Piper.”
“Oh, you’re one to talk Mrs. I slept with Gabriel and didn’t tell my best friend.”
“Point taken.”


Chapter 46 - Gabriel

As I’m sitting on my bed in Nashville wishing Olivia wasn’t at a bar without me, I’m thankful that at least my brothers are there to watch out for her. I just want to be with her, but Russo is becoming more and more difficult to find. After a day of nothing but phone calls to other Special Forces team members and to the Army to see if they have any leads on Russo’s whereabouts, I’m frustrated that he hasn’t popped his head up yet. And I just want this to be all over so I can go home and curl up with Olivia.
Just as my thoughts get depressing, my phone rings and the picture Owen had texted me pops up. I saved it under Olivia’s contact information. “Hey, beautiful.”
“Hi,” she answers softly. Oh, what her voice does to me.
“What are you doing?”
“I just got home from Sideways. Matt drove me and Piper home. I’m just getting changed.”
Fuck… she’s getting naked. “Is your father there tonight?”
“No. I sent him home this morning. I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.” I can hear her struggling with her clothing.
“Do you need some help?”
“Why? You going to come over and help me out of this dress?” She sounds so seductive.
Fuck. “Take off your clothes and get into bed, Olivia.”
I can hear her hesitate a second, then say, “Okay.”
“I like it when you call me ‘sir’.”
“That’s never gonna happen.”
“Olivia… I said… I like it when you call me ‘sir’.”
I can hear her take a breath in. “Too bad.”
I close my eyes and start stroking myself through my boxer briefs. “Are you in bed, Olivia?”
“Yes.”
“Are you naked, Olivia? Letting your skin feel the softness of your sheets?”
“Yes,” she says breathlessly.
“Take your nipple in your hand. Roll it around then pinch it…” I can hear her breathe in quickly as she does as I tell her. “Tell me how that feels.”
“It…”,
“Tell me, Olivia. Can you feel me sucking your nipple hard?”
“Yes…” she groans.
“I want you to touch yourself now. Slide your hand down your stomach to your clit. Rub your clit for me. How does it feel, Olivia?”
“I want it to be you…. ugh!” I am so hard now that I’m about to come just listening to her. I yank off my boxers and lay on my bed. I have my cock in one hand as I stroke it slowly, trying to keep myself from coming before she does. I won’t last much longer.
“Are you wet?”
“Yes.”
“Are you?”
“Yes.” she answers me again. 
I’ve never been into phone sex, but her playing this game with me is almost too much to take…. almost.
“Put in one finger, Olivia.” I can hear her take in a quick breath. “Now put in a second finger. How does that make you feel?”
“It feels…. exhilarating.” I can hear she’s getting close, too.
“Move your thumb over your clit as if it’s my tongue moving back and forth…. Are you close, Olivia?”
“Oh, my God…. Gabriel, I’m gonna come.” I can hear her breathing in and out quickly. I keep stroking myself until I’m right there with her. “Come, Olivia. Come all over my hands as I lick you.” I spurt all over myself, but I don’t care. I can hear her on the other end moaning my name and it makes me come harder.
After a few minutes of silent recovery, I say, “That was wonderful, Olivia. Are you okay?” 
“I’ve never done anything like that before.”
“You’ve never touched yourself?” That can’t be true.
“No… yes, I’ve touched myself. I’ve never done it in front of anyone or over the phone. That was….”
“What, Olivia? What was it?” I’m hoping it was a good thing.
“Hot.”
I’m relieved. “Yes. It was.” She yawns into the phone. “Time for bed, beautiful. I’ll talk to you tomorrow. I promise.”
“Good night.”
“Good night, beautiful.” Just as I hang up, I see I missed a call from Matt. Must have been caught up in the moment. Never heard it beep. I dial Matt’s phone and he answers immediately. “Hey. Sorry, I was on the other line with Olivia. What’s up?”
“Is Olivia okay?” I can hear the stress in my brother’s voice.
“Yes, Olivia’s fine. What’s up Matt? You sound weird.”
“It’s Mom. You need to come home. The standby pilot is on his way to the airport and will be there waiting when you arrive.”
Immediately jumping out of bed, I grab a towel to clean myself off. “I’m on my way.”
∞
It’s 4 AM and I find myself wandering the ICU hall of Mercy General, looking for the room my mother is in. Matt steps out of a room and spots me. “Gabriel, she’s in here.”
“What happened?” I ask as I approach Matt.
“She’s had a heart attack. She’s in good spirits, but she’s tired and sleeping right now. Owen and Dad are in there right now.”
“Fuck. She’s been through enough. First the stroke, then Dad’s heart scare, and now this.” I’m frustrated and shaking my head. I squat down outside of Mom’s room and put my head in my hands.
Matt puts his hand on my back. “I know. It’s been a lot lately. But the good news is she should be moved to a regular room in the morning. The doctor said it was a minor attack, but it could be a warning sign for things to come, so she’s going to have angioplasty tomorrow.”
“I don’t even know what that is,” I confess as I stand up.
“Something to do with the heart and checking to see if her veins are opened to her heart. Maybe the doctor can explain it more to us.”
“Yeah. Let me go see her and Dad.” I walk into the hospital room and see my father asleep in the lounge chair holding Mom’s hand and Owen is out cold with his head leaning against a wall. I look at Mom, who is wide awake.
“Shh. Let them sleep. They’re exhausted.” She says in her slurred speech she’s had since her stroke. She puts her finger to her lips.
“Hi, Mom. How ya feeling?” I whisper.
“I’m fine. Nothing to worry about.” 
“Yeah, right.” I say as I lean in to kiss her forehead.
“Don’t smart mouth your mother.” she warns me. She still has her spunk. That’s a good thing.
Smiling at her, I say, “Yes, ma’am.”
“Where’ve you been lately, dear?” she asks. “Helping someone out?” She has a glint in her eyes. She must know something, which means one of my brothers opened their big mouth.
“One of my big mouth brothers said something, huh? Well, yes. Actually, I’ve met someone who needed some help and so I helped her out….”
“And… who is she?”
“Olivia.”
“Such a beautiful name.” 
“She is beautiful and funny, and smart.”
“You like her a lot, I see. So when do I get to meet her?”
“Soon. I promise.”
“So what’s happening with Russo?”
“How the hell do you know about that?” They don’t hold back a thing, do they?
“Don’t curse…. and I overheard your father talking to Matt the other day. They think I have no clue what’s going on sometimes. Of course I do. I’m the mom. So tell me what’s going on with him.”
“Not sure. He’s in the wind right now. I’m hoping the Military Police get to him before he does anything else stupid.”
“I have faith that they will. You should, too.” She says, patting my hand. “Now you need to go rest. You look exhausted.”
“Yes, Mom. I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Okay. I love you.”
“I love you, too, Mom.” I tap Owen’s shoulder to wake him up. Tilting my head to indicate it’s time to go, I walk out of the room to let our mom rest.
When Owen walks out, the three of us head towards the elevators. “Heard anything from Russo?” Owen asks as the elevator descends.
“No, and I’m getting frustrated. I can’t find him and it’s pissing me off.”
“Well, go home and get some rest. Tomorrow, we’ll all call around and see if we can find him and get him into custody. Sound like a plan?” Matt says as we walk out of the elevator and into the hot, sticky night.
“Yeah, I guess. I’ll see you two tomorrow. What time is her procedure?”
“Noon,” Matt answers as he climbs into his car.
“See ya around 11 then.”


Chapter 47 - Olivia

I’m startled awake by a banging on the door. Who the fuck is here? Brownie is barking like mad because she was fast asleep as well. After last night’s phone call and festivities, I’m tired. Climbing out of bed, I flip the front porch light off and grab my gun from the nightstand drawer and slowly walk into the hallway and then into the great room. “Who’s there?” I yell out.
“Olivia, it’s me, Gabriel. Can I come in?”
“Gabriel? What are you doing here?” I unlock the door and disable the alarm. Brownie’s at the door, wagging her tail, waiting for the door to open. I notice immediately that he looks exhausted. “What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Gabriel steps up to me and takes the gun out of my hand. “First, give me this. We have to get to the gun range before you shoot me.” He walks into the house and places the gun on the dining room table as I close and lock the door behind us. “Second…. I’m fine. Come here.” He pulls me into an embrace. “You look so good to me.”
“Why are you here? You were in Nashville a few hours ago. What happened?” I’m afraid of what his being here may mean.
“Right after we got off the phone, Matt called and told me Mom had a heart attack and so I jumped on the plane and came home to see her.”
I have my head on his chest and can feel the strength he has in those hard muscles. “Is she okay? You should be with her.” I try to pull away from him, but he just holds on tighter.
“I’ve just come from the hospital. She’s doing well and is supposed to have an angie something or other tomorrow at noon. Can I stay?” he pushes me to arm’s length away and looks at me.  
God, his dark eyes are so enticing. “You want to stay here? Of course. Come on. You look exhausted. Let’s get you to bed,” I lead him back towards the bedroom. “Make yourself at home.” I turn on the front porch light so that the neighborhood cops don’t think I’m in trouble here and I turn on the light on the nightstand and see that he brought the gun in with him. 
“Always have it handy.” He smiles as he places it on the nightstand. “I just want to get lost in you and sleep for hours.” He takes his shirt off and then starts unbuckling his jeans.
I’ve seen this man undress once before and suddenly, all I want to do is lick him from head to toe. “I want to lick you.”
He stops what he’s doing and looks at me, surprised. “You do?”
“I said that out loud, didn’t I?”
“Yes, Olivia, you did. Now you have to make good on that.” He pulls off his jeans and I realize he’s going commando and he’s as hard as a rock.
I slowly pull off my night shirt so I’m standing only in my panties in front of him. “Okay. Deal.”
“Deal.” he says as he climbs onto the bed, not taking his eyes off of me. That’s hot. He’s making me feel brave and sexual. Nothing like any other guy in my past. It was always ‘Wham bam, thank you, ma’am’.  But not with Gabriel. “You’re gonna have to come over here to lick me, unless you plan to do it from there.” He pats the side of the bed.
I slip my panties off and climb on the bed from the end and crawl like the panther I feel like towards him as he lies down on his back. I bend down a bit and lick both his knees. “Olivia…”
“You said ‘okay’, remember?” I lean down to lick his hip bones right where the ‘V’ is that makes every woman crazy. I can see his abdomen muscles tighten as I move.
“Olivia…” He’s trying to make it sound like a warning, but he’s unsuccessful. I can hear him breathe fast. I lean down again and take one of his nipples into my mouth, and I can feel he’s losing control. “No. I need to have you.” He grabs me by my shoulders and flips us both so that I’m lying on my back and he’s hovering over me. “You can lick tomorrow. Right now, I have to have you. You ready?”  
“Yes,” I breathe, and suddenly he’s inside me.
“Fuck, you feel amazing and you’re so wet for me and so tight.” he groans into my ear.
“Please move, Gabriel. Please.”
“If I move, it’s gonna be fast and over too soon.” He stops moving and sucks a nipple into his mouth and rolls it around in his mouth before he nips at it.  
I can’t stand it and try to move him with my legs that are now wrapped around his tight ass, but to no avail. He’s just too strong for me to get him to move. “Please… move now,” I plead. He lowers himself onto his forearms and slowly moves in and out of me. With each stroke, he hits the most sensitive spot on my body, and I feel like I’m going to go crazy. Finally, he moves in and out of me at a much faster pace as I meet him thrust for thrust. Each time he enters me, he hits that magic spot again and again, and it’s building the familiar feeling inside me. “Faster, Gabriel. I’m close… oh… Gabrie—” Then I fall over that edge, screaming his name. 
“Fuck!” he says as I feel him thrust once more and then explode inside me. He collapses on top of me. Neither one of us speaks for a few minutes, trying to regain our regular pulse rate.
 “That was completely unexpected.” I say into his ear.
“What was?” He pulls out of me and lies on the bed.
“Well, when I went to bed, you were in Nashville and not sure when you’d be home, but then I wake up a few hours later and have fantastic sex. So… unexpected.”
“So, good unexpected?”
Turning in the bed, confused by his question, I say, “Of course, good unexpected. Was it good unexpected for you?”
“Absolutely. Just making sure.” He strokes his fingers down my face. “I haven’t even kissed you hello.” He leans in to kiss me and I pull him to me.
“No, you haven’t. Kiss me properly, Mr. Hughes.”
“Yes, ma’am.” He leans in and kisses me like we haven’t seen each other in decades. 


Chapter 48 - Gabriel

Olivia and I walk into the hospital room where my mom is and see my whole family has converged there. “Hi, Mom” I kiss her cheek. 
“Hi, dear. Who’s this?” She smiles at Olivia standing by the door to the room.
I look over my shoulder to see Olivia hasn’t come into the room. We fought this morning when I got up and told her to hurry getting dressed so we could see Mom before she went in for her procedure. Olivia didn’t want to go, claiming she didn’t want to intrude. Truthfully, I think she was just nervous about meeting my entire family, but I told her how much I want her here and the look on her face when I said that made me realize I may be moving a bit fast for her, but I never want to be without her again. We quickly dressed and made it to the hospital in time.
Walking over to Olivia in the doorway, I take her hand and pull her to me. I kiss her temple and whisper so only she can hear, “I love you for doing this for me.” 
She pulls back and looks at me with a shocked expression. “What did you just say?” she whispers back.
“You heard me. Come meet my parents.” I’m smirking as I take her hand and lead her over to the bed where Mom is laying. “Mom, Dad… this is Olivia. Olivia… these are my parents John and Eileen Hughes.”
Removing her hand from my grasp, she extends her hand to Mom first. “Nice to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Hughes. I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances. I hope you feel better soon, Mrs. Hughes.”
“Oh, dear, I’ll be fine. Just a little scare, that’s all,” Mom smiles to her, dismissing her medical condition. “What do you do for a living, Olivia?”
“I’m a Paramedic Fire Fighter with the city, ma’am.”
“Wow, what a wonderful career!” Dad says, sitting closer to the edge of his seat. “How long have you been doing that?”
“A little over eight years, sir.”
“Okay, time to wheel you down to the surgical suite. Everyone needs to move to the waiting room,” the tiny nurse says, walking into the room and interrupting the interrogation of Olivia. She looks a bit relieved. “Where do you think you’re going, Mrs. Hughes?”
Mom is pulling the blankets back from her bed. “You said everyone out. So I’m leaving.” Mom says, laughing.
“Oh, no, you don’t. Get right back in there, smarty pants. You get a front-row seat!” the nurse says, laughing. 
“We’ll be here when you get out, Mom.” I kiss her cheek.
“Mom, do what they tell you and we’ll see you later.” Owen also kisses her cheek.
“Love you, Mom,” Matt says, kissing her other cheek as well. “We’ll see you in a bit.”
“I love you all, my boys. Behave while I’m under. And Olivia’s in charge!” Mom laughs as we all exit the room.
“Anyone want to get some lunch?” Owen says as we group together outside our mother’s room.
“I could use some coffee,” Matt replies. “I’ll go call the elevator while Dad says bye to Mom.”
“Are you hungry?” I look at Olivia. I notice she hasn’t said much.
She looks up at me and quickly smiles, “Um… coffee’s good for me.”
Dad walks out of the room. “What’s the plan?” he asks.
“We’re going to feed Owen and get coffee for the rest of us.”
“Sounds good. Lead the way.” He motions towards the elevator.
“We’ll catch the next elevator, Dad,” I tell him, holding Olivia back from getting into the elevator. Looking at Olivia and me, he nods his head and walks away.
I take Olivia to a small sitting area by a window and sit down, pulling on her hand so she’ll sit next to me. “Talk to me. What’s going on in there?” I tap the side of her head. I think she’s freaking out, but for the life of me, I have no idea why. I’m hoping it’s not because of our spat this morning.
“I…” she pauses.
“What, tell me? We can only do this thing between us together.”
She takes a few seconds to gather her thoughts and just as I’m about to say something more; she looks at me. “It’s too soon, Gabriel. How could you possibly know you love me? You don’t know me. It’s only been a week since we’ve met.”
I look at her for a minute and then run my fingers down her face. “I know this is freaking you out, so please don’t overthink it. I knew the minute I dropped you off after lunch that day. I know it seems too soon, and I understand you have reservations.”
“Reservations?!” she interrupts me. “Reservations! Gabriel, I don’t know you and I have so many issues you have no idea about. Reservations! I don’t trust easily and when I do, I get hurt. So, yes. I have reservations.”
I grab her face with both hands and stare into her eyes. “If you’d let me finish…. I was going to say, I understand you have reservations and that it’s too soon for you. And that’s okay, Olivia. But right now, I can’t think about anything but you. I want to be only where you are, and I’m finding that I need you more than anything else in this world. But I also want you to know that I have fallen in love with you…. and your craziness. Life’s too short not to tell you. I understand if you’re not ready to tell me. It’s okay.”
She tears up, then looks at me. “I’m not sure what I feel, Gabriel. I’m just trying to get my life back. I’m not even sure I can handle what you’re telling me.”
“Shh…” I pull her into my arms and hold her. “It’s okay, beautiful. I’ll wait forever if I have to.”
We sit there for a while, just absorbing each other. Eventually, wiping her tears from her face, she pulls away from me. “We should go find your family. They’ll be wondering where we went to.”
“Knowing my brothers…. they probably think I dragged you into an empty room and had my way with you.” I laugh when she looks at me with her cheeks turning pink in embarrassment. “I don’t suppose you’d let me do that, would you?” A guy can hope.
Laughing, she says, “Absolutely not!” She gets up and heads towards the elevator. “And you’d better make sure your dad doesn’t think that, either. That’s the last thing I need.” She pokes me with her finger into my chest.
“Baby, he knows I’m not a virgin.”
“Maybe, but your mother’s in surgery. He doesn’t need to think I’m some kind of floozy.”
“Yes, ma’am. I’ll make sure.” I push the button for the floor to the cafeteria.
∞
“Who the hell are you texting so much, Owen?” Matt’s frustration is evident with his little brother’s lack of attention to the conversation about getting Russo.
“A chick. You don’t know what that is, but it’s the opposite sex. Men and women get together in life…”
“Smart ass.” Matt grumbles.
“I thought you liked Alana.” Olivia says to Owen.
Raising his eyebrows and smirking, he asks, “Who do you think the ‘chick’ is?”
“Ah, I see.” Olivia smiles back at him.
“Wanna give me some tips on how I can win her over?” Owen scoots closer to her so he can hear her over the lunchtime crowd in the cafeteria.
“Well… I’ve known her for over ten years and have never known her to date anyone long term, so… good luck.”
“Olivia… that’s not very helpful.” He frowns.
“You didn’t say to be helpful. You said you wanted tips. My tip is to go get some good luck.” She smiles flirtatiously at him, and I don’t like it.
“Come on, girl. Help a guy out here. You’ve already snagged one of us, so you’re off the table. So help me get Alana. She’s… fantastic.”
Laughing and seeing the sincerity in his eyes, she agrees. “Fine, but I’ll kick your ass if you hurt her.”
“Got it. Consider my ass kicked if she’s hurt. So help me out.”
“Alana differs greatly from most girls. She can be a girly girl one minute, then win a bar fight with a slew of sailors the next, as you saw last night. Find the happy medium and you should be good. Just remember, she holds nothing back. I mean nothing. What’s on her mind comes out of her mouth. No filter. You’ll never wonder where you stand with her.”
“You’re just making me like her even more.” He smiles at her.
Shaking her head, she says, “Like I said…. good luck.”
“If you’re done hooking up with an imaginary friend, Owen, I’d like to get back to what the plan is for Gabriel. We need to formulate and execute soon.” Matt says seriously.
“You’re so serious, son. Lighten up.” Dad says. “Let the boy find some happiness.”
“Dad, Matt’s right. We need to do this so that we can all get back to normal. Matt, Owen, I’d like to somehow come up with a way to draw him out. He’s probably watching me somehow and knows I’m already here, even though I can’t seem to track him. Even if he doesn’t know I’m here, he’ll realize that I have to come home eventually, so he’ll end up here soon enough. I’d like to have a plan in place for when that happens.”
“Gabriel’s right. We need to let him know you’re here.” Matt agrees as Dad and Owen nod.
“Can I ask a question?” Olivia pipes up.
“Of course, baby. What?” I have my hand on her thigh, but every time I try to move it higher, she pinches the back of my hand with her nails. That hurts.
“Why not find out where he was selling the stuff he stole? That’d be where I would go. Someplace I could get fast money.”
“She’s right.” Dad says. “He needs money and if he hasn’t been to see Tricia, then he would go where he’s comfortable. How’s he financing what he’s doing?”
Matt looks at Owen and I. “I’ll call a friend of mine. He owns a bar in West Palm Beach. If he doesn’t know, he’ll know someone who does.” Matt gets up from the table and walks out of the cafeteria, dialing his cell phone.
“So how d’you two meet?” Dad asks Olivia.
“Um…. Gabriel was a patient of mine.” she answers.
“Ha. That’s a joke. He wasn’t a very good patient, was he?”
She looks at me and then at Dad. We look identical, only Dad is what I will look like in thirty years. “No, he wasn’t at all.” She answers.
“Hey! I was good. I signed your stupid papers, didn’t I?” I protest.
“Whatever, Mr. ‘I’m Fine.’” she replies, making fun of my answers to her that day. “I’ve had whacked out crazy people more compliant than you were.”
I pull her chair as close as it will go next to me, pull her close to me, and whisper into her ear so only she could hear, “I’ll show you who’s going to be compliant.” My breath on her neck and my words in her ear make her shiver and I’m enjoying it immensely.
Matt walks back to the table like he has a purpose, but then again, he always walks like that. “We gotta go.”
“What’d you find out, son?” Dad asks Matt.
“Russo’s in town. He was at the bar my friend owns last night and says that Russo’s supposed to be back again tonight to meet a buyer for some merchandise Russo’s trying to sell. We need to formulate a plan before nine tonight. That’s the time my friend overheard them say they were meeting.”
I hand Olivia the keys to my Tesla we drove to the hospital this morning. “Take my keys. I’ll ride with them.”
“What do you mean? It has to be today? What about your mom?” Olivia asks with panic in her voice. 
“His mother would want him to take this opportunity. She’ll be fine. I’ll be here when she gets up,” Dad says to Olivia. “It’ll be fine.”
Olivia looks at Dad and then at my brothers. “You’ll take care of him?”
“Of course.” Matt says, looking right into Olivia’s eyes.
“Olivia. I’ll be fine,” I tell her, making her look at me. “I promise.” I hate seeing that look in her eyes. She’s panicking and worrying about me. I need to do this and end this today.
“Can I talk to you alone for a minute?” she asks me.
“Guys, I’ll meet you out front and Dad, please tell Mom I love her.” 
“Tell her yourself tonight.” Dad says to me.
I nod to Dad and pull Olivia out of the cafeteria and down the hall towards the front of the hospital. Once we get outside, I take her aside to a small sitting area with a water fountain nearby. There’s giant goldfish swimming around in the pond.
“I’ll be fine, Olivia.” I cup her face in my hands.
She leans into my hands. “Have you ever seen the moment in a person’s life where it changes forever? I have and I feel like it’s happening to me right now…. here…. this is that time. I don’t want you to get hurt, Gabriel. Can’t you call the cops and let them know what’s going on? Let them handle it?”
Knowing this is hard for me, I haven’t considered how hard it is for her. I pull her to my chest and hold on to her tightly. “Yes, I’ve seen those moments many times, Olivia. And this is one of those moments, but it’s the good kind. I’m going to go make a plan with my brothers and the local police to bring in Russo safely. Then I’m going to come back here, check on my mother and father, then I’m going to show you how much I love you, and then we’ll start our lives together.”
She takes a shaky breath in and pulls away from me so she can look in my eyes. “I can’t promise anything, Gabriel. I’m not in a good place yet. It scares me. All of this scares me.”
“I know.” I bend down to kiss her as I see my brother’s car pull up. “I have to go. I’ll text you later, okay?”
“Okay. If you don’t mind, I’d like to stay with your father at least until your mother is out of surgery.”
“God, I keep falling more and more in love with you.” I hug her so tight, she can barely breathe. “As long as you promise not to believe a word he says about me.”
“Deal.” she says as she pulls away from me. “Now, go so you can come back.”
“I love you.” I tell her and walk to the car and climb in. She watches as we pull out of the parking lot and head towards the office. 


Chapter 49 - Gabriel

Pulling up to the building Hughes International occupies, Matt parks in the first parking spot. The parking lot is completely empty since it’s Saturday. “Look, I’m going to drop you off and then stop by to see my friend where the meet is supposed to happen tonight. I want to get a lay of the land before we try to take him.”
“I’ll go with you.” Owen says.
“Good idea. I’m going to go upstairs and make some calls and see if I can find a few people to help us out tonight. I’m not expecting Russo to go quietly, and I don’t want anyone, especially innocent people, to get caught in the crosshairs. If Russo sees he has no choice, it may go better than expected.” I get out of the car.
“Okay, we’ll meet back here in a few hours.” Owen says as he climbs into the front seat of the car.
I nod and go into the all glass twenty story building in the center of downtown Palm Beach. The lobby is all glass and modern furnishings with a splash of red accents. I take the elevator to the top floor and walk directly into my office. It’s been a few days since I’ve been to my office and my secretary, Lucy, had placed all my unimportant messages on my desk. The important ones she sends to my cell. Looks like there’s been a lot of bullshit lately, by the looks of my message pile.
Flipping through my mail and messages, I decide to put all of that aside and get to business. First, I need to call Justin, Olivia’s brother. It’ll go a long way in reassuring him I’m not a scumbag who’ll hurt his sister and he can be my ‘in’ with the local cops. Pulling up Justin’s information through my computer, I dial his cell number.
“This is Prescott.” I hear.
“This is Gabriel, Olivia’s….” Has she told him we’re together? If not, he’s about to find out. “…. the man who loves your sister.”
There’s silence on the other end and I thought maybe I lost the connection. “Hello?”
“I’m here. I think I heard you say you love my sister. Funny… she hasn’t mentioned you.” Justin replies, sounding very protective.
“I was with her in Mexico and Nashville. I’m Owen’s oldest brother.”
“I know who you are. Olivia still hasn’t mentioned she was in love with anyone.”
“I’m hoping to change that soon, but I need your help.”
“Dude, you’re messed up if you think I’m going to help you get my sister into bed with you. What the fuck?”
Don’t need your help on that one, buddy. “No, no. I mean, I need your help with another situation. The man who shot at her and I the other day. His name is Jack Russo, and he’s in town. I need help convincing him he needs to turn himself in tonight before he hurts anyone else.”
“Oh. This Russo…. he’s the one who tried to kill you and Olivia?”
“Yes.”
“Where do you need me?”
I give Justin all the information I have so far, and Justin tells me he’ll call some of his buddies and they’ll meet us at the bar by eight thirty tonight.
I just hang up with Justin when Owen calls to say they’re on their way back from the bar and have a good plan to go over with me. I tell him about my conversation with Justin and that he’ll be there with some other cop friends. Owen relays the message to Matt. They tell me they’re going to pick up some Chinese food on their way back to the office so we can all plan the evening.
I dial Olivia’s phone next. “Hi, baby,” I say as soon as she picks up.
“Hi there. How’s the planning going?”
“It’s going really well. I called your brother, and he’s going to bring some cop friends with him and help us out. Hopefully, Russo will see he has no choice but to turn himself in and it’ll all be over quietly. How’s my dad doing?”
“He’s good. He has some very interesting stories to tell about you and your brother’s antics,” she says, laughing.
“I told you not to believe a word he says.” I’m being defensive. My brothers and I were always in some sort of trouble.
“Oh, yeah. I so believe what he’s saying.” She jokes, but suddenly she gets quiet.
“Are you okay, Olivia?”
“All’s going to be okay, right?” 
“Yes, baby. Everything will be just fine and tonight, we’ll be together for the first time without either of us on edge. I can’t wait to get inside you again. I love to hear my name on your lips.” I can hear her take a shaky breath in.
“Gabriel,” she whispers.
I growl, “Don’t. Not when I can’t do something about it.” I can hear her laughing, the vixen. After a few seconds of silence, I ask, “How’s Mom? Is she out yet?”
“No, not yet. The nurse came and saw us and said the surgeon had an emergency and that her procedure was delayed a bit, but reassured us your mother has the entire surgical ward under control.” 
I laugh. “Of course she does. That’s my mother. Okay. Will you text me when she’s out?”
“How about I call you?”
“I need to concentrate. If you call, I’ll lose all concentration and start thinking about all the things I want to do to you and your body tonight and then things could get really ugly.”
“Ugly?”
“Ugly.”
“What kind of ugly?” She’s being seductive.
“Dog ugly, but not Brownie kind of dog. Cujo kind.”
“That’s pretty ugly. I guess I’ll text you when she’s out.”
I hear a door open and close in the lobby of the offices. “Baby, I gotta go. Someone’s here.”
“What do you mean, someone’s there? Who?” She’s panicking on the phone.
“Probably Owen and Matt. They said they’re on their way with food.” But something’s off. I don’t hear them talking. Usually, you can’t keep Owen quiet to save his own life. “Baby, I’ll talk to you later.” I hang up the phone and pull my SIG Sauer out of its holster on my hip. I check the chamber to make sure there’s a round in it and then quietly get up out of the chair and make my way to the front of my office to turn out the office lights.
It’s late afternoon, and typical south Florida weather, its dark and about to rain outside, making the shadows in my office appear darker. I slip out of my office and down towards the conference room. Pulling on all my military training in the Army Special Forces, I become so still I’m barely breathing. Controlling your breathing can allow you to hear other sounds around you and get the bearings for where those sounds are coming from. 
“Hughes, Hughes. Come out, come out wherever you are.” I hear Russo call in a singsong voice. “It’s time to play, Hughes. Where are you?”
Gauging the echoing off of the walls of the offices, I believe Russo is by the copier outside of Matt’s office, coming down the hall towards the conference room where I’m currently standing. If I can get to the other side of him, I’ll have him cornered. I just need a diversion. 
I go to grab my cell phone from my pocket, only to realize I left it on my desk when I hung up the phone with Olivia. Fuck. I need to let Matt and Owen know. Hearing Russo come down the hallway towards the conference room and me, I dart across the hallway to an office. I hear the gunshot before I feel it hit me in the same arm Russo shot me before. Fuck, that hurt. I grab my arm and feel to see if it went through the muscle, but it looks like another graze. Russo’s lost his touch. He was one of the best in the Army at sharp shooting. Now he’s missed twice on me. Good for me, bad for him.
“Come on, Hughes. Let’s chat. I wanna talk about how you ruined my life. Aren’t you man enough to face me? Or do I need to involve that sweet little thing I saw you with in Mexico?” 
“You ruined your own life, Russo. I did my job.” I move through a doorway that connects two offices together, moving closer to Russo, but parallel to him.
“Gabriel, my friend. Or that’s what you said you were, but friends look out for one another, don’t they? I suppose you don’t know what that means, do you? No, you don’t. You fed me to the wolves. Left me. Left me to rot away as an American in an Afghani prison. What do you think they do to Americans in jail there? That was fucked up, Hughes.”
Moving silently through the two offices, I can hear Russo on the other side of the wall in the hallway. Waiting for Russo to walk by the opened door, I grab a stapler sitting on someone’s desk and throw it through the connecting door into the office I just came from. The noise is loud, but the gunshots coming from the hallway were louder.
I move behind the door and wait for Russo to walk by. Because we were both from the same unit, we trained together. When you train together, you learn each other’s patterns and right now; it seems Russo hasn’t forgotten his, but neither have I. If I’m right, Russo will be up against the wall, waiting to see what door I come out of.
“You ruined my life. My wife and kid left, the Army ditched me…. and then you left me to rot in hell. Hughes, time to pay your dues.” Russo’s voice is very close.  Suddenly, Russo fires into the office next to the one I’m standing in. Slipping out from behind the office door, I lean out of the office just enough to see Russo standing in the hallway with his gun pointed right at me.
“There you are, Hughes. I knew you’d be in there.”
“As I knew, you’d be up against the wall here, Russo. Time to end this. You need to put the gun down.”
Russo laughs, but not taking his eyes off of me. “Yes. You’re right. Time for you to pay for what you did to me.”
“I did nothing to you. It killed me to turn you in, but you fucked up and needed help, Russo. You did all this shit to yourself!” I’m trying to buy time until my brothers get here, but I’m running out of stall tactics. I’m going to kill Russo, or he’s going to kill me. Matt and Owen should be here any moment. I just hope they hear Russo and me before they get around the corner and Russo sees them or worse…
Russo gets a look in his eyes. Hatred. That’s the look. I recognize it from the Islamic extremists we fought in Afghanistan. But the hatred in Russo’s eyes is directed at me. “You! You did this…” He’s making his point by pointing the gun at me on each word. “You hated that I had a life with Tricia and Jack Jr. You were so jealous. You just had to ruin everything for me!” Russo screams as he steadies his gun at me. 
“I love you like a brother, man. You need to put the gun down and we’ll figure this out together.” I say, just as I see the foot of a boot sticking out from the corner at the end of the hallway and the barrel of a gun pointed at the back of Russo’s head. Owen’s head peeks out and I realize my brothers are here. Thank God.
“YOU FUCKED ME. I’M GOING TO KILL YOU!” Russo screams and fires towards me. I can’t fire back because Owen is behind Russo, so I dive towards the conference room floor. As soon as I make it to the room, I hear two more shots, then Owen yelling for me.
“I’m good.” I look outside of the room to see Russo on the ground and Owen standing over him, aiming his gun at his head. I rush next to Russo and kick his gun out of reach. “Russo. Russo. Talk to me. You with me, man?”
“Fuck you.” he says, in obvious pain from the gunshot to his shoulder and left leg.
Matt comes running into the hallway with his gun drawn. “We’re good!” Owen yells to him. “We need a medic though.”
“Already on their way.” Matt replies, holstering his gun and pulling out a set of handcuffs.
“I’ll do it.” I take the cuffs away from Matt, placing them on Russo.
Quickly, the offices are crowded with cops, medics, and detectives. Owen and I give our statements to the detectives for the hundredth time. Justin walks up to me when I’m finished. “I suppose you won’t need us tonight, huh?”
“Nah, man, but I appreciate the offer, though. How d’you know to come here? By the look of you not in a uniform, you obviously aren’t on duty.”
“No. Olivia called me after she called your brothers and told me you thought someone came in here. She panicked, and for good reason.”
“She’s got a good head on her shoulders. Speaking of which, I need to call her and tell her everything’s good now.”
“No worries. She knows. I called her as soon as they took Russo away. Told her you’d call her later tonight when you were done giving statements.” Justin says, holding out his hand to shake mine. I feel like I’ve passed some kind of test.  
“Thanks, man.” I shake Justin’s hand.
“No problem. She said to also tell you that your mom is out of her procedure and is doing just fine, and she’d be in her own room tonight and should be released tomorrow. Olivia said to make sure I used the word ‘fine’. Is that code for something?”
Laughing, I say, “Yeah. Kind of. Thanks again.”
One detective walks over. “Mr. Hughes, you’re free to go. Turns out everyone has been looking for this man. Army MPs want to talk to him next.”
“Is he going to be okay?” At the end of the day, I still care about Russo. We’ve been through a lot together. We’ll always be brothers, even though I’ll never trust him again.
“Yeah. The shots were through and through. He’ll just be sore as hell for a while. But the man’s looking at some serious time. Arizona’s looking at him for a few murders and grand theft. The Army wants him for some murders of some former team members of yours, and Mexico wants to talk to him about a shooting. Not to mention, the Afghani police want him back to finish his time there. The man’s in trouble. Glad he’s off the streets.” Justin and I agree with the detective. 
The detective walks away as Matt and Owen walk up. “We’re heading back to the hospital to see Mom. You coming?”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll lock up here for ya.” Justin says.
“Thanks, man. Here’s the code.” I give him the code for the alarm and the three of us walk out of the office. I can’t wait to see Olivia. It’s all finally over.


Chapter 50 - Gabriel

“Hey, how’s Mom?” Owen asks as the three of us exit the elevator and see our father sitting in the small waiting area.
“She’s good. She’s sleeping, so I figure I’d wait out here for her to wake up. That way, I can keep playing Candy Crush without waking her up.” he laughs as he puts his cell phone away.
“Where’s Olivia?” I don’t see her anywhere.
“Oh. She’s a lovely girl, Gabriel. You need to hold on to that one.”
“I plan to. Where is she?” I ask again. Something feels off.
“Oh. She went home to feed and let out her dog. She said she’ll be waiting there for you when you’re done here.”
“Okay, I’m going to go call her.” I walk away from my family and pull out my phone and see that I have a few texts from Olivia.
Olivia: Be careful.
Olivia: I called my brother. He’s on his way. Stay safe!
Olivia: I heard from Justin. Glad all is good. Your mom is doing well.
Olivia: I’m leaving the hospital. Your mom is sleeping. I need to go take care of Brownie. Come by after you’re done.
The next text was a bit concerning. All it said was:
Olivia: 10-94
I have no idea what that means. Was that a time she wanted to meet? That’s a weird time. I dial her number, but it goes straight to voicemail. I try again, but I still get voicemail. Why does this feel off?
I go back to where my family is sitting and Matt notices immediately something’s not right. “What’s up?”
“Not sure. Got a weird text from Olivia and now her phone goes straight to voicemail.”
“What’d the text say?” Dad asks.
"1094. You know what that means?”
“A time, maybe?” Owen says.
“Maybe she meant something else by it.” Dad says as he comes closer to look at the text. “Perhaps she meant to send it to someone else?”
I can’t help the feeling that wasn’t what she meant, but I have no clue what it could be. I show it to Matt and I can see the worry in his eyes. “What?”
“Well…. I’m probably wrong, but… that means ‘need back up’ in ten codes here in Palm Beach. You know, the codes that rescue and the cops use on the radios?”
“Fuck! I need to go!” I rush towards the stairs because the elevator would be too slow. I can hear both of my brothers right behind me. This can’t be happening.


Chapter 51 - Olivia

I send Gabriel a text letting him know about his mom being okay and that I’ll meet him at my house once he’s done at the hospital. I have heard from Justin about Russo showing up at Gabriel’s office and the shoot-out there. When Justin told me that, I thought my heart stopped beating, but everything is fine now. Thank God.
Now I’m on my way home from the hospital. I have left poor Brownie home alone all day. I stop at the pet store to pick up one of those giant dog bones. You know, the ones that are like three feet long. It’ll take Brownie a month to go through it, but she’ll completely forget about being left home alone once she sees that in my hands.
I’m driving Gabriel’s Tesla. It’s a sweet car, a much better ride than my Jeep. I pull up into my driveway. I may need to get one of these, I think to myself.
I walk up to the door to the house; I unlock the door and step inside, and instantly, I know something’s wrong. I can smell a lot of gasoline and Brownie isn’t at the door. I can hear her scratching at the back bedroom door. How the hell did she get locked in there? 
Letting my training kick in, I run towards the back of the house to get Brownie and get out of the house and call the fire department. I don’t know where that smell is coming from, but I don’t have gas appliances, so not that, but it doesn’t matter. Something is off and I need to get out of here. 
As I run to the bedroom where Brownie is, I type 1094 on my phone as a text message to Gabriel. Hopefully, he knows what that means. I don’t have time to explain. I hit 911 on my phone and just as I’m about to hit send; I feel something big hit me in the back of my head. I spin around to see what’s happening when I see flames coming from my bedroom. My head’s killing me and now I’m inhaling smoke, but I need to get to Brownie. We’ll go out the back door when I get to her. 
I head towards the bedroom again, when I see something out of the corner of my eye. I turn to look when I’m hit in the face even harder than I was on the back of my head. I can feel my nose is broken and my face swells up immediately. It’s getting harder and harder to breathe.
I drop to the floor and start crawling down the hallway. I can see feet in front of me and I’m thankful someone’s here to help. I look up and I’m hit in the head again. This time… everything goes black.


Chapter 52 - Gabriel

As Matt, Owen, and I travel to Olivia’s house, I keep trying to get a hold of her by phone, but it keeps going straight to voicemail every time.
“Fuck!” I hear Matt say as we round the corner to her house. I look up and see the street is filled with cops, EMS, and fire trucks, and her house is fully engulfed with flames.
“What the fuck?” 
We stop and all three of us exit the car and run up to the crime scene tape, where there’s an officer standing guard. “Sorry, guys. You can’t go any farther.”
“That’s my girlfriend’s house! I need to see if she’s okay!” I’m yelling at the officer, knowing he’s only doing his job, but that doesn’t matter to me.
“Prescott!” Owen yells when he sees Olivia’s brother, now in uniform, talking to a few of the fire officials.
“Kent! Those three are good. Let them in.” Justin yells over to the officer guarding the scene. He grabs the crime scene tape and raises it up for us to pass through, and we run over to Justin.
“What the fuck is going on?” I’m frantic. “Where’s Olivia?” I can hear the panic in my voice. I’m usually the calmest one on the scene of something of this magnitude, but it’s never been someone I love before in jeopardy.
“She’s not here. Her Jeep and your car are here, but she’s not.” Justin says. He looks anxious.
“Maybe she took her dog for a walk?” Owen suggests.
“No. Brownie was found unconscious in a back bedroom. They’re trying to revive her right now.” Justin points to where a few medics are holding an oxygen mask made for dogs onto Brownie’s nose. The dog doesn’t look too good. “There’s a vet on their way now to get her. We keep trying to call Olivia, but her phone goes straight to voicemail. So I’m guessing you do not know where she’s at either.”
We all shake our heads, and then I pull out my phone. “Otto, I need a favor. Can you ping this number: 561.555.0315? Tell me where it located? Yeah, I’ll hold.”
“She’s not in the house?” I hear Matt ask Justin quietly, and thankfully, Justin shakes his head.
“No, they’ve checked. Her station is the one that responded. When they realized it was her house, they did multiple rounds to make sure there wasn’t anyone in the house.”
“Yeah… fuck. All right. Thanks, man. I owe ya.” I hang up the phone. “No luck. The phone’s off.”
“I didn’t hear you just break the law, right?” Justin asks me as if I care what he thinks.
“I do not know what you did or didn’t hear, and I don’t give a fuck.”
“Damn, there are my parents. Let me go talk to them. Just stay out of the way or I’ll have to have you guys wait behind the line.”
“We’ll stay out of the way. Thanks, man,” Matt says as Justin walks towards his parents. 
We watch as Justin tells his parents what’s happening and sees his mom’s knees give out on her. Both men grab her and lead her to the back of an ambulance to sit down.
“This is fucked up. You don’t think this is Russo’s doing, do ya?” Owen asks, clearly frustrated.
“I don’t think so, but I wouldn’t put it past him. His beef was with Gabriel, though. I just don’t think this is him.” Matt says to Owen and then turns towards me. “Are you sure that it was those kids who fucked up her house? Is it possible it’s not them?”
“At this point, I have no idea.” I whisper as I watch the vet pull up and run over to where Brownie is laying down still with an oxygen mask on. Suddenly, the medics pick up Brownie and place her in the back of the SUV the vet drove up in and then they were gone. 


Chapter 53 - Olivia

My head is killing me. I try to touch my head, but realize I can’t move my hands. Then it all comes back to me. The gasoline smell, Brownie locked in the back bedroom, the hard slam against my head. I’m having trouble opening my eyes, but I can feel a rocking sensation and can smell the ocean. I must be on a boat.
Slowly listening to what’s going on around me, I open my eyes just enough to see out from under my eyelashes. I don’t want whoever has me to know I’m awake. I can see all white around me from the boat and someone is behind the helm of the boat, but the sun is too bright and reflecting off of the windshield in front of the driver of the boat and blocking my view. I keep my eyes open just enough to see that my hands are tied in front of me and my ankles are tied together as well. I’m in the front of the boat and we’re cruising at a good amount of speed if all the bouncing around in the boat is any indication.
“Awake yet?” I hear a familiar voice. “I didn’t hit you that hard. I know you’re awake by now, Opie.” I still fake like I’m still out until I feel the boat stop and a foot connect with my ribs. I groan loudly. “That’s what I thought. Don’t fake it, girl. It’s not becoming.”
“What are you doing? Why am I tied up?” 
“You still don’t get it, do you?” my colleague asks. “How can you be so fucking stupid?” She kicks me in the ribs again. “Superstar Opie. Can do no wrong, but apparently dumb as fuck!”
“Please… let me go. I won’t tell anyone. It’ll be our secret.” I plead, not believing what’s coming out of my mouth. You hear people say shit like that in the movies to the bad guy, but not once does the bad guy say, ‘Oh. Okay, as long as you promise.’ So why am I saying this now?
“I’ll be letting you go. As soon as we’re out far enough, I’m going to watch you go all the way to the bottom of the ocean, Perfect Opie.”
That’s when I see the cinder blocks in the back of the boat, along with a heavy chain. Fuck! She’s going to drown me and no one’s ever going to know. Think, Olivia! Think!
“I tried to give you a warning, but no. Perfect Opie is too stupid to know!!” and she kicks me once again, now on the other side where my scars are, making it hard to breathe.
“Please, Heather, let me sit up and let’s talk about this.” 
“You want to talk about this? There’s nothing to talk about! You killed him! The love of my life and the man who was supposed to be the father to my children. You killed him! You were only supposed to leave the rescue unit so I could be his partner, but NO! You had to fuck with all of my plans!” Fuck. She’s talking about Marc; this is making no sense. 
“I’m sorry, Heather. I am. I didn’t mean to kill him. He attacked me. Did you want a man who would attack another woman? I had to protect myself.” I plead again but trying to connect with her feminist side, but I’m not sure if that approach is going to work. I’m just trying anything.
“You provoked him, you fucking slut! He was defending himself, but you stabbed him in the heart, you ruthless bitch!!” Heather comes over and grabs me by my hair and starts dragging me towards the back of the boat and drops me next to the cinder blocks. 
Fuck. She’s going to really do this. Think, Olivia! Think! “Heather. Please let’s talk about this. So you loved Marc, right?”
“What do you think, you stupid bitch? Of course I did. Who wouldn’t? I had to make him see you weren’t right for him at first, but that was easy. Just a few small suggestions and a few properly worded letters, and he was supposed to go tell you to fuck off. But NOOOOO, you had to go and kill him because you couldn’t have him! What, Opie, couldn’t handle the rejection?” Heather says as she’s looping the chain around the open part of the cinder block and locking the other side with a carabineer. 
“No, I know I wasn’t worthy of him like you were, Heather.” I’m trying to side with her so she’d calm down. Think, Olivia, think!
“Of course you weren’t. You thought you were above him. Just like you think that about everyone else in the department. Well, Perfect Opie, I’m fixing that right now. Everyone in the department will thank me for getting rid of the one person who has fucked with everyone’s career and home life. All you do is throw yourself at the guys at the station. How are they supposed to have a happy home life when you’re constantly trying to get them all to sleep with you? You have them following you around like a puppy dog. It’s sick and I’m done with you.” Heather wraps the chain around the rope holding my ankles together. “Now, you’ll go to hell, where you belong, and everyone will be happy again. Just like it should be. They’ll all want me instead of you.”
“Heather, I’ll quit. Right now, I’ll quit my job and you’ll never see me again. I promise. Whatever you want, just don’t do this.” I keep pleading. I’m also crying as I start to formulate a plan.
“Nope. That’d be too easy of a life for you, my dear. You need to pay for what you did to Marc. I figured the state prosecutor’s office would have charged you with murder, but, of course, you have them in your back pocket, too.” 
This woman has completely lost touch with reality. I slowly move my hands into one large fist. It will be my only shot at keeping Heather from throwing me overboard. 
Heather drags the cinder blocks over to the side of the boat. “Okay. Are you going to make this difficult or are you going to accept your fate and do the deed yourself?” Heather asks me with an evil smile across her face.
“I’m not jumping overboard, Heather. You’re crazy if you think so.” I hope this plan will work. It’s all I have left. God, please be with me…
“Fine. I’ll just throw you over myself. No biggie to me. I just figured I’d give you the opportunity to redeem yourself a bit and not suffer the shame, but, of course, you won’t. You want everyone to do for you what you won’t do for yourself.”
She walks over to me and bends down to pick me up at the waist. As she does, I swing my arms together as a fist and hit Heather in the face as hard as I can. She falls backwards. “You bitch!” she screams and moves to tackle me as I try to pull myself up to a standing position. I’m trying to stay away from the sides of the boat because Heather has already attached me to the cinder blocks. If I trip, I’m going to the bottom of the ocean.
I dodge Heather’s attempt at tackling me, and I swing my body between the consoles of the boat. There’s a latch to a storage compartment and I try to open it, hoping there’s something I can use as a weapon, but Heather regains her footing and starts pulling the chain that’s attached to my ankles, which drags me back towards the back of the boat. “You fucking bitch. I knew I should have thrown you overboard when you were out cold.”
She grabs one of the cinder blocks and goes to throw it over the side of the boat, but I manage to kick Heather’s ankles so that her feet come out from under her and she falls face first into the cinder block. There’s blood everywhere, but I waste no time and grab the other cinder block as Heather stands up. “You will die for this as well.”
“Heather, you can’t kill me twice!” I shout as I throw the cinder block at her face, but Heather dodges it, but wasn’t expecting me to have a swing back that hits her in the back of the head, losing her footing and she slips over the side of the boat.
Heather holds onto the side of the boat, but I move to the console on my elbows and knees and push the throttle forward so that the boat takes off. Looking back, I can see Heather bobbing in the ocean. I let the boat keep going forward until I can’t see Heather anymore. 
Pulling the throttle so that the boat is barely moving now, I find the microphone to the radio, turn to Channel 16, which is the emergency channel for the Coast Guard, and start calling, “Mayday, Mayday. I need help! I’ve been attacked. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday.”
“Coast Guard Station Lake Worth. What’s your location?” I hear someone over the radio.
Looking around, I don’t see any GPS or navigation on the boat. I do not know where I’m at. “I don’t know. I can see land, but I have no navigation.”
“Ma’am, tell me if you can see any landmarks.” the voice on the radio replies.
“I think I can see The Breakers Hotel straight ahead of me.” The Breakers Hotel is a five-star hotel for the rich and famous, but it’s also the largest hotel on the water in Palm Beach, making it an easy landmark.
“Are you in danger? Are you taking on any water?” the voice asks.
“No. I was attacked. I pushed her overboard and hit the throttle. She’s in the ocean someplace.” I keep looking behind me to make sure I can’t see Heather. Even though she’s tried to kill me, I don’t want her to drown.
“Okay, ma’am. Please stay calm. Are you hurt?” the voice asks as me as a plane is flying pretty low overhead. I’m not sure if it’s the Coast Guard, but I notice it’s circling over the boat. God, I hope this isn’t part of Heather’s plans…. if I get away, fly overhead and shoot me down. At this point, I can’t put anything past her.
“Yes. I’m hurt.” I’m continuing to look behind me to see if Heather has popped up, but I don’t see her at all.
“Okay, ma’am. Help is on the way. We have been told a plane is over your head right now. Do you see it?”
“Yes. Is that the Coast Guard?”
“No, ma’am. That’s a private plane that heard your distress call. Help’s on the way. Can you tell me your name? Are you hurt?”
“My name is Olivia Prescott and yes, I’m hurt as well as the women who hurt me.” I whisper into the microphone. It’s getting harder and harder to breathe. When Heather kicked me, she must have cracked a rib or torn something inside me because I can hear myself wheezing.
“Olivia, stay with me. Tell me who attacked you,” the voice on the radio says.
“Heather Reese.” I attempt to answer, but it’s so hard to breathe. I think I can hear boats in the distance, but I’m so lightheaded now, the boat feels like it’s spinning. I lay down and stare up at the plane flying overhead.
“Where do you work, Olivia?” the voice asks.
“I’m…. medic…. Palm...Beach.” I try to get out, but everything is getting heavy, like it did the night Marc attacked me, and I’m sure I’m about to throw up.
“Olivia!” the voice over the radio yells, but I don’t hear it. 


Chapter 54 - Gabriel

Everyone’s at the hangar of AOP medical, waiting for news on Olivia’s whereabouts. “I can’t just wait here wondering where she is.” Piper says, looking at Alana.
“Where would you look that we haven’t already, Piper?” asks Mary, Olivia’s mother.
Piper sighs, “I don’t know. It’s killing me, though, just sitting here.”
I’m standing in the doorway between the office and the hangar, pacing back and forth, on the phone with anyone who owes me a favor, trying to get someone to locate her. My brothers are here with me, trying to calm me down, to no avail. Not until I have her back.
“I can’t lose her,” Marvin, Olivia’s father, whispers. “Not after all she’s been through. I won’t lose her.”
Mary takes her husband’s hand and kisses and squeezes it. He’s thinking what everyone in that room is thinking. Not now. Not after all she’s been through.
Justin comes running into the hangar and we can all see he has some news. Piper yells, “Justin, what?” as she scurries out of the office, with Alana and Olivia’s parents right behind her.
“Local police just got a call from the Coast Guard. They got a distress call from a boat about 3 miles offshore of The Breakers Hotel. It’s Olivia. They’re flying her directly to Mercy General.”
“Is she alive?” Matt asks the question everyone wants to know but is afraid to ask.
“Yes. When they picked her up, she was. Let’s go.” Justin says as he runs from the hangar and climbs into his truck. He was relieved of duty when the captain found out that it was Justin’s sister’s house that was torched and that she is now missing. 
All of us follow Justin’s truck, which Justin and his parents are in, to Mercy General. Somehow, I make it there first. I run through the ER doors and ask the nurse where Olivia is.
The rest of the group pile into the ER when the nurse tells me that because I’m not immediate family, she isn’t giving any information away. I punch the wall next to the window where the nurse is sitting. Owen pulls me away as Justin and his parents walked up to the window. “I’m her brother, and these are our parents. Please tell us what’s happening.”
“I’m going to have to see identification. Required by the police.” the nurse says to him. He pulls out his wallet and hands her his police identification and her parents’ hand over their IDs as well. The nurse takes them and says, “I’ll be right back with these.”
I can barely contain myself. I’m pacing like a panther, waiting for the nurse to come back and tell us Olivia’s okay. Finally, the nurse opens the door next to the window she was in and calls Justin and his parents over. “Follow me,” she says as she hands them their ID’s back to them. “The rest of you will have to wait out here.”
It feels like an eternity when, finally, Justin and his parents come back through the door they went through. I rush up to them. “How is she?”
“She’s in protective custody right now. They haven’t found the person she claims did this to her. Someone named Heather she works with at the fire department. Olivia has some broken ribs, a smashed up face, a concussion, and… rope burns. The broken ribs punctured her right lung, so they have a chest tube in her. But they think she’s going to make it,” Justin replies to the group, his parents are quite shaken up. “They’re only allowing immediate family to see her right now. At least until this Heather person is caught.”
“Oh, my God.” Piper says under her breath.
“What?” Matt asks Piper.
“Heather is the only other female medic fire fighter at her station. She’s done flights for us. I can’t believe she’d do this. Did they say why?” Piper says as Alana grabs her hand.
“No. We weren’t in there long enough and she can’t talk. They only let us see her at the foot of the bed. We aren’t able to talk to her yet.”
Matt looks at me and Owen, and we have a silent conversation. Matt leaves the ER waiting room and goes outside to make a phone call. 
“Where’s he going?” Alana whispers to Owen.
“He was a SEAL. He has contacts. He’s going to see if he can get some information for us.” Owen says in a hushed voice.
“Thank you for that.” She replies.
∞
“Where the hell is Matt? He’s been gone for almost two hours now,” I say to Owen in frustration as we all still wait in the ER waiting room along with what looks like half of Palm Beach County Fire Department. Then there're kids screaming, homeless people, and some elderly people all sitting around waiting to be seen by someone.
“I don’t know. Hopefully, he’ll be back soon with some answers to what happened.” Owen placates me.
The nurse from earlier walks out into the ER waiting area and we all stand, hoping she has news for us. “The Prescott family?”
Mary and Marvin, along with Justin, walk over. “Yes?”
“She is asking to see you. Follow me and make sure you have your IDs out for the officer.” She says as she opens the door to the ER area.
“What about the rest of us?” Piper asks the nurse.
“She’s asked to only see her immediate family.” the nurse says with apology in her tone.
“Of course,” Piper says, defeated.
Olivia’s parents and brother leave into the ER area as the four of us sit back down to wait some more. Matt walks back into the waiting room as he closes his phone.
“Finally. Did you get anything?” I ask.
“Yeah. A bit. Took some doing, though. Apparently, when the Coast Guard found her, her hands and feet were tied up with rope and there was a metal chain wrapped around the rope tied to her ankles.”
“What was that for?” Alana has a questioning look on her face. She’s been holding Owen’s hand all afternoon.
Matt looks at Gabriel. “You sure you want to know?”
“Yeah. Just fucking tell me.” I clearly am trying to control my anger and frustration.
“The chains were tied to cinder blocks. This Heather person was trying to throw her overboard.”
“OH, MY GOD!” Piper cries and then starts hyperventilating.
Matt jumps up and pushes Piper’s head down between her knees. “Breathe, Piper. Just breathe. She’s okay now.” he whispers into her ear.
After of few minutes of deep breathing, Piper sits up, announcing, “I’m okay, I’m okay. Thanks.”
“Have they found Heather?” Alana asks with her hand stroking circles on Piper’s back because she looks so pale listening to all of this.
“Yeah. ‘Bout an hour ago. She’s claiming Olivia kidnapped her, beat her, and then tried to run her over with the boat, but they’re not buying it because of the way they found Olivia. And because of the gasoline can they found in Heather’s car. I’m sure there will be more evidence, but right now, they do not believe a word Heather is saying. She’s lawyered up already, though, so I’m sure she’s not going to say anything else right now.”
“Gabriel, you okay?” Owen asks. “You haven’t said much.”
“I need to get in there to see her. I need to see her.” I say through my teeth.
Olivia’s parents walk out of the ER and over to us. “Piper, are you okay? You’re so pale, dear.” Mary asks her.
“I’m fine, Mrs. Prescott. Just worried. How’s she doing?”
“She looks pretty bad, but the doctor told us it looks worse than it is. She is breathing on her own now, and they’ve removed the chest tube already.” Mary answers.
“She’s being moved to a regular room right now.” Marvin Prescott says to no one specific. “But she’s asked us to tell all of you that she’s good, but for you all to go home. She says she doesn’t want to see anyone.”
The entire group is quiet, but they all look at me. Fuck! What happened to make her not want to see me? 
“Does she know who all is here?” Alana asks, but everyone knows she means if Olivia knows I’m here.
“Yes. We told her who was here.” Mary replies.
I stand there looking at everyone, but not really seeing anyone. Olivia is crazy if she thinks she can get rid of me so easily. I nod my head. “I’m not leaving.”
“Dude, man. She’s just really freaked out right now. I’m sure she’ll feel differently in the morning.” Justin says.
“I’m not leaving.” I repeat.
“Gabriel, let me take you home, get some rest, and we can all be back here first light. It’s after midnight right now, so she’s going to be sleeping all night, anyway.” Matt pats me on the shoulder. “Come on.”
“No! I’m not leaving. I love that woman.” I say as I point towards the ER doors. “She’s here so I’m here. Period. Does everyone get that?!” I keep yelling. “What floor is she going to?” I look at Justin.
“She’s going to the sixth floor is all I know.” Justin runs his hands through his hair.
“Fine. I’m going to the sixth floor waiting area.” I walk away from the group towards the hallway with a sign directing people to the elevators.
“I’m going to go home now. Gabe’s not going to budge. I’ll bring him some clothes in the morning. I need to go check on Mom first, though.” I can hear Matt say to Owen. They all keep talking as I’m waiting for the elevator to arrive.
“How’s your mom doing?” Piper asks Matt and Owen.
“She’s good. She’ll be released sometime tomorrow…. I mean today.” Owen says as he looks at his watch.
“Good, I’m glad to hear that.” Piper answers as Alana nods.
“Okay, who’s going and who’s staying?” Alana asks the group. “‘Cuz Piper and I need a ride back to the hangar where our cars are.” 
“I’ll take you back. I need to stop at home and get changed, anyway.” Justin says. “Mom, Dad…. you need anything on my way back?”
“No, son. We’ll be fine. We’re going to go upstairs and wait with Gabriel until they let us see her again.” His father replies, sounding exhausted.
Piper and Alana kiss the Prescott’s goodbye and then they all head towards the ER doors and Olivia’s parents stand with me, waiting for the elevator to go upstairs to wait to see their daughter again.
“I hope this is the end of all this shit.” Alana says to no one in particular.
“Yeah, me, too.” Owen agrees.


Chapter 55 - Gabriel

“It’s been two days, Justin. Why won’t she see any of us?” Piper whines as we all sit in the sixth floor waiting area we have basically taken over. I have slept in the waiting area and the only time I leave is to go to the restroom. I can only eat a little at a time, but at least I’ve stopped eating out of the candy machine and let someone bring me up food from the cafeteria. Even the nurses are feeling bad for me and have offered to move a lounge chair into the waiting room for me, but I just refused. If she’s suffering, then so am I.
“Piper, like I’ve told you before, she’s refusing to see anyone but me and my parents. She won’t say why… she just won’t. I wish I could talk her out of it. I even told her that Gabriel’s been sleeping out here and hasn’t left, but she’s adamant about this. I’m sorry.”
“When’s the doctor releasing her?” Alana asks the group.
“She should be able to go home today as long as everything stays status quo.” Justin answers.
“Where is she going to stay? With you or your parents?” Piper asks.
“With me.” I growl.
Everyone looks at each other wide eyed for a minute. “Dude, I don’t think that’s going to work. She won’t even see you.” Owen pipes up.
“She needs to feel safe. I can provide that. She’s staying with me.” I announce.
“Actually, Gabriel, she’s told Mom and Dad that she’ll stay with them until she can figure out what to do about her house.” Justin looks at me specifically.
“Today is a good day.” Justin’s father says, coming around the corner. “She’s being released as we speak.”
“Oh, thank God.” Piper says, releasing a big breath and placing a hand over her heart.
“I’m going to go pull the car around to the front door.” Mr. Prescott says as he walks towards the elevators.
I can feel the anxiety of Olivia being in the hospital slowly starting to fade away, but the knot in my stomach because she refuses to see me is growing tighter and tighter. But once she’s out of the hospital, things should get better quickly. 
I hope.


Chapter 56 - Olivia

“Mom, can you hand me my sweat pants over there?” I ask Mom, as I’m trying to get dressed to go home. Or at least to my parents’ house. I don’t have a home anymore. Just a shell of a house I used to love and a plot of land it’s sitting on. 
“Sure, dear,” Mom says, handing them to me. “Are you excited to see your friends?”
“Mom, we’ve been over this. I don’t want to see anyone but you, Dad, and Justin. That’s it.”
“Piper, Alana, Owen, Matt, and Gabriel have all been out there every day, all day wanting to see you. Especially Gabriel. He hasn’t left this hospital since you were brought in. You owe them for that.”
“I don’t owe anyone anything!” I try to yell, but the pain in my chest is a bit too much and I have to grab my side until the pain subsides.
“Look. At least tell them yourself that you don’t want to see them.”
The orderly walks in pushing a wheelchair for me to ride in and the nurse brings more papers for me to sign. 
“There you go, Miss Prescott. If you have any changes, come back to the ER to get checked, but you should be good. Make sure to take the antibiotics completely and get plenty of rest. That’s what’s going to get you healthy the soonest. Good luck, dear.” the nurse calls over her shoulder on her way out of the room.
“I need to get a cart for all these flowers, ma’am. I’ll be right back,” the orderly says as he goes to leave.
“No. Just give them to some other patients in the hospital. I don’t want them.” I climb into the wheelchair.
“Are you sure?” he asks. “They’re all very beautiful.”
“Yeah. I’m sure. Also, there’s a group of people sitting by the elevators down the hall. Is it possible to take another route to go downstairs?” 
“Um… sure. If that’s what you want.” He sounds confused.
“That’s what I want.” I pull the blanket over my lap.
“You’re just going to leave and let them all think you’re still in here?” 
“No, Mom. I’ll text Justin from your phone when we get in the car. I just want to go, okay?”
“Whatever you want.” Mom answers as we leave the room and turn in the opposite direction from where everyone is gathered, waiting for me.
∞
Gabriel has come to see me twice a day for the last week, but I keep refusing to see anyone, even him. Piper and Alana keep calling when I won’t let them up, but I’m just not in a place where I want to talk to anyone. I know my parents are struggling to try to keep my friends at bay, but I just…. can’t. Brownie is home, and she’s seems to be back to her old self again. I cannot be grateful enough that the firefighters saved her life. I don’t know where I would be mentally if I lost her in all this. I haven’t been by my house, or at least what’s left of my house. I just can’t. And being in the same neighborhood only a few blocks away is unnerving.
The detectives tell me it’s an open and shut case. There was way too much evidence against Heather that her attorney told her if she didn’t take the deal they offered her, then she would need to find a new lawyer. There were witnesses to what happened, too. Apparently, the plane I heard overhead when in the boat saw what Heather was doing and was circling the boat until the Coast Guard could get to me. So, Heather didn’t have a leg to stand on in court. She pled guilty to arson, animal cruelty, and attempted murder. She’ll be sentenced in a few weeks, but the detectives say I won’t need to be there for that. 
But now, I have to figure out what I’m going to do. I can’t keep making my parents be the go between me and my friends, but at this point…. who do I trust? It was difficult to trust my parents and brother. I know that sounds awful, but…… maybe it’s time to get out of here. I’ve been holed up here in my parents’ house for too long.
“Brownie. Wanna go to the dog park?” She’s starts barking and wagging her tail frantically. “Okay, let’s go.”
Coming downstairs with Brownie leading the way, I see my mother in the kitchen. “Hi, Mom. I’m taking Brownie to the dog park.”
“Oh, good, dear. I’m glad to see you up and around. Are you going to meet anyone there?” she asks me with hope in her voice.
And that’s the moment I decide I’m not coming back. I need to get away from everyone and everything. At least until I can get my head on straight. “No, Mom.” I say, but walk over to her and hug her. “You know I love you and Dad very much, right?”
She hugs me back, conscious of my sore ribs. “Of course we do, honey. And we love you, too.”
I hold on longer than usual because of my decision. But I eventually let go and head towards the door and grab Brownie’s leash and collar. We walk out and I never look back at my mom, but I think she suspects something.


Chapter 57 - Gabriel

“I’m glad everyone could meet here tonight.” Piper, Olivia’s best friend and business partner says to the group comprising me, both my brothers, Olivia’s brother, Justin, Olivia’s other business partner, Alana, although I do not know what she does for the company, Olivia’s current partner, Trevor, and both of Olivia’s parents. We are all sitting at a large table in Sideways, a bar where I first realized that I needed to get Olivia out of my system only a month ago. But instead of getting her out of my system, I have fallen in love with the crazy woman. Even though she has pissed me off to no end by refusing to see me since the incident with the psycho from her work.
Actually, she’s refused to see anyone but her parents and her brother. Even Alana and Piper haven’t seen her. Or at least that’s what they’ve told me. But I couldn’t care less whether she’s seen them. I want… no… need to see her, but she keeps telling her parents to send me away. I’m trying very hard to give her the space she needs, but it’s getting old quick and I’m about to push through her parents and storm the house. But I’m calling that ‘Plan B’, but for now…. I’ll just keep showing up twice a day.
“I’m assuming you all got the text from Olivia.” Piper says.
“What text?” I ask, looking around at everyone nodding their heads that they received some kind of text.
“The one that said ‘I’m leaving for a while. Don’t worry, I’m okay’. You didn’t get that?” Piper reads the text from her phone.
I grab the phone from her and read and reread it. It’s from Olivia, but it did not include me in it. I look at both of my brothers. “Did either of you get this?” They both shake their heads ‘no’.
I am beyond pissed right now. Why didn’t she tell me? “When’d she go?” I ask her parents and brother.
“Yesterday…” her mother starts.
“Yesterday!?! She’s been gone since yesterday?” I bark at her, immediately regretting it. “I’m sorry. It’s not you.”
She shakes her head like she understands, then continues, “Yesterday, she came downstairs, told me she was going to take Brownie to the dog park, hugged me, told me she loved us, and left. I thought nothing of it. But she’s been gone ever since.”
“Okay, so, I was hoping we could all put our heads together and try to figure out where she would have gone.” Piper says to the group. “I think this is very selfish of her and we all need to confront her about this.”
“Wait, a second.” Alana holds her hand up, stopping Piper. “Let me get this straight. You want all of us here….” She points to everyone at the table. “To find Olivia and confront her because you think she’s being selfish?” I could clearly hear her frustration, but I’m not sure where she’s going with this. Right now, I’m with Piper.
“Yes, Alana. We have been trying to be by her side through everything that has happened, but she keeps pushing us away and now she’s disappeared. It’s selfish and I think she needs to know.” Piper answers.
“Are you even trying to think of this from Olivia’s point of view?” Alana fires back, clearly pissed now.
“What do you mean, dear?” Olivia’s father asks. And, frankly, I want to know, too, because right now, I’m still with Piper on this.
“Okay. Let me ask some basic questions here. While I’m off doing what I do…”
“What do you do?” Owen asks.
“Not important,” she dismisses him. “While I’m off doing what I do, Olivia is attacked and almost killed by her partner, and in order to survive, she ends up killing him. Am I right?”
The entire table nods in agreement.
“Then, you…” She points to her parents “… tell her she’s going back to work too soon. And nothing personal, Mr. Prescott, but you weren’t the easiest on Olivia after the attack.”
Ouch. That was bad, but Mr. Prescott just nods his head in agreement.
“And Piper, you told her she was going back to work too soon, too, didn’t you?” Alana asks her.
“Yes, but…”
“No buts. Then the department tells her she has to see a therapist because they don’t think she’s ready to be back to work.” Alana pauses and everyone is watching her. “Then, she gets to work and they assign a partner she used to have, who doesn’t work in the field any longer. Right, Trevor?” He nods his head in agreement.
“I needed to get my skills recertified, and she’s able to do that.” he replies.
“But you don’t need to be moved to the truck to do that, do you?” Alana asks. This woman pulls no punches.
“You’re right. The department asked me to move to the truck for a few months to get her back into the swing of things.” he answers with guilt in his voice.
“Right. Olivia isn’t an idiot. She knew that. Then someone, we presume it to be Heather now, breaks into her house and trashes it. You…” She points to Justin. “… ship her off to a foreign country to you…” She points to Owen. “… who she doesn’t know. She didn’t want to go. Am I right?” Both Owen and Justin nod.
“Then Owen leaves her there for someone else to watch her, you…” She points to me. “… who she met on the scene of an accident, and had a lunch date with where she told you she didn’t want to see you because she wasn’t ready. Am I still on track here?” she asks, and I can’t help but nod. She’s right and you can see she’s angry with pretty much everyone at the table.
“Right. So now she’s in a foreign country with someone she didn’t want to be with, but nonetheless, she’s safe, but now in the path of a hurricane. And what do you do, Gabriel?” She doesn’t give me time to answer. “You take her shopping where she’s shot at. Now you’re flying her off to Nashville and during all this, she falls for you anyway.” She stops. I’m not sure if she wants me to answer or not, but I’m not liking where she’s going with this, so I don’t move.
“You call and tell her some kids have been arrested, which is what she told you in the first place…” she points to Justin. “Even though you were right, you didn’t know that at the time.  Then, something happens between you two…” She points to me again. “Because suddenly, she’s calling Piper to get her home, which she does, but she comes home with you…” She points to my brother, Owen, again. “….and comes home to a house full of people and then you…” She points to Olivia’s father. “Stay over the first night as if she is incapable of taking care of herself. Then all seems good, but she finds out the department will only allow her back into the training unit for now and put more stipulations on her about getting clearance from the therapist again. Let me know if I don’t have this right.” Alana looks pissed, but no one corrects her.
“That’s what I thought. So she goes home to find one of her co-workers trying to burn down her house, in which she’s successful in doing, kidnaps her, ties her up, and tries to drown her in the ocean.” The table is quiet for a few moments.
“What are you saying, dear?” Olivia’s mother asks quietly.
“What I’m trying to say here is that no one at this table listened to her. Not once. And how is she supposed to trust any of us? Everyone she’s trusted at work has either not listened to her or tried to kill her. Her friends and family keep dismissing anything she says as if she’s ten years old. It’s a wonder she didn’t leave sooner.”
“It’s no excuse to run off telling no one where she’s going.” Piper said.
“It absolutely is an excuse. No one listens to her and they make her do what they want her to do… not asking her what she wanted. And when they’re not doing that, they’re trying to kill her. So, give the woman a break. We’re the ones being selfish here, not her. And I, for one, will not sit here and be a part of this. I’m in support of whatever the hell she wants to do. And if that means she leaves and doesn’t come back, then that’s what it means.” Alana gets up from the table. “I need to go. I have work to do. Good night, all.” Alana leaves the table and the bar.
The table’s silent for a few moments, when Justin says, “You know, she’s right.”
“About what?” Piper asks.
“All of it. We have all done our part in this. Maybe we should give Olivia the benefit of the doubt here and give her some space and time. That may be all she needs.”
After a few minutes, Piper nods along with Olivia’s parents.
“I’ll let you guys know if I hear anything more from her,” Mary says as she gets up from the table with her husband. “Have a good night, everyone.” She says as they leave. Justin and Trevor follow them out.
“I can’t believe she’d do this, but I get what Alana is saying. But doesn’t Olivia realize we all care about her?” Piper asks the three of us, still sitting with her.
“Maybe it’s not about us, Piper.” Matt says.
“Whatever. I’m leaving, I have work to do, too.” Piper picks up her purse and waves to the bartender as she leaves.
“Dude, you okay?” Owen asks me after Piper is gone.
“I told her I loved her.” 
Matt slaps my back. “Come on, man. Let’s go.” 
∞
I left the bar a few hours ago and I’ve just been driving around with no destination. I can’t believe she’d leave and not tell me. I’m so frustrated, but what Alana said at the bar is true. No one listened to Olivia; including me. 
My phone rings over the car speakers and I hit a button on the steering wheel to answer it. “Hughes.”
“Are you okay?” Matt asks.
“I’m okay.” I answer as I find myself pulling into the parking lot of my office building. The parking lot is empty because it’s after nine pm.
“Where are you?” Matt asks.
“Apparently, I feel the need to work because I’ve just pulled into the parking lot.”
“Why don’t you go home and get some rest? Work will be there in the morning.”
“I’m fine, Matt, but thanks for checking on me. Good night.”
“Let me know if you need anything, brother. Good night.” And the phone goes silent. 
I walk into my office and find my messages piled up on my desk. With all that has happened in the last few weeks, my work has been neglected. I see that the maintenance crew has patched up the holes in the wall from Russo, which is good, since it freaked out some of the staff members when they first saw it.
I flip through the messages Lucy left for me and then boot up my computer. I open the email program and there in my inbox is an email from Olivia. I open it quickly to read it, hoping she’s letting me know where she is.
______________________________________________________________________________
To: Gabriel Hughes
From: Olivia M. Prescott
Subject: I’m sorry
Date: July 28, 2015, 11:01 EST
Dear Gabriel,
I’m sorry for doing this by email, but I don’t think I can hear your voice right now. Not that I don’t want to, but because if I do, I don’t think I’ll have the courage to do this.
I’m leaving town for a while. I’m fine (LOL), but I need some space from everyone and everything. It’s been too much and I need to figure some things out on my own.
Please thank your brothers for helping me out when I needed it most. I appreciate all you and your family have done for me. I don’t think I would have survived it all if it wasn’t for them… and you.
What we had in Nashville is very special to me and I’ll never forget that. I say this because I don’t know where I’m going, how long I’ll be gone, or if I’ll want to return once I figure things out.
I know you’re worrying about me right now, and I appreciate it, but please don’t. I’ve got some money I stashed away for emergencies and I suppose this constitutes as one. Brownie is with me and she sends her love as well.
You are a very special man, Gabriel. Thank you for everything.
Olivia


Chapter 58 - Olivia

Six months later
“Well, well, well…. look what the cat dragged in,” Alana says to me as she climbs out of her car. 
I’m standing in her driveway after being gone for the last six months. “Hi there, stranger,” I wave to her. “How ya been?”
Alana’s walking up towards the front door of her house, just staring at me. “Question is… how have you been?”
I’m having trouble looking Alana in the eyes, so I look at my feet and kick the pavement. “I’m good. Really good.”
“Olivia,” Alana says to me, but waits for me to look at her before continuing. “I’m not mad at you.”
“You’re not?”
Laughing at me, she says, “No, I’m not. Now come inside and you can tell me all about what you’ve been up to for the last six months.” She unlocks and opens the front door, and we walk into her kitchen. “I understand why you left, Olivia. I get it.”
“Thanks. I wasn’t sure if you’d be pissed or not.”
“Nope. But have you spoken to Piper yet?”
That’s the one person, well… second person, I was afraid to talk to. “Not yet.”
Alana pulls out a couple of beers and hands me one. “Why’d you come to me first?”
“To be honest… you’re the more reasonable one and I figured if you hated me, then I would have no hope of ever being friends again with Piper.”
“Olivia…. she doesn’t hate you. She’s just… she’s Piper. High maintenance, but lovable. She’s pissed you left without saying a word. She’s pissed she hasn’t seen you in ‘for-eva’, according to her. And she’s pissed that she couldn’t be there for you. But she’ll always be your friend, just like me.” Alana taps the bottom of her beer bottle to the bottom of mine. “Cheers.”
“Cheers.” We both take a sip.
“So… when do you plan on telling Piper you’re home?”
“Good question. I was hoping you would come with me.” I smile at her.
“Ha! You’re afraid of her.”
“Am not.” I’m trying to defend myself, but in truth, she’s right.
“Are, too, but it doesn’t matter. She’s on her way here now to pick up a shirt she wants to borrow.” Alana has a cat got the canary look on her face.
“Oh, crap! I’m not ready.” I can feel my heart beating out of my chest now, but I can hear a car pull up in the driveway. 
“Too late. She’s seen your car.” Alana laughs as she opens the front door so Piper can walk right in.
It seems quiet at first, but then I hear “Are. You. Fucking. Kidding. Me. Right. Now?”
“Hi, Piper!” I’m trying for enthusiastic.
“Don’t fucking ‘Hi, Piper’ me, bitch. Where the fuck have you been?” She’s pissed. Piper is still standing in the doorway to the kitchen with her hands on her hips. “Tell me. Where?”
“Sarasota.”
“Olivia Prescott has been in Sarasota for the last six months?” she says to Alana, ignoring me. “This entire time, Olivia Prescott has been a three-hour drive away?”
“Piper…” Alana warns. “Olivia Prescott is standing in front of you.” She’s having fun with this now.
Piper turns to face me, and then carefully places her purse on the kitchen counter. She turns back to me. “How long are you in town for, Olivia?”
“I’m back for good,” I answer. This could be bad or good. I do not know what direction we’re heading in, but out of the corner of my eye, I can see Alana smiling.
“For good?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, if you’ll have me.” Suddenly, I’m swept up in a hug and a screeching sound is so loud in my ear, I think I may need to have my eardrum looked at soon. 
“You’re back!” Piper yells. She pushes me out of her arms but holds my shoulders. “You’re really back! You have to tell us everything you did. Start at the beginning. Alana, hand me one of those.” Piper orders, pointing to the beer in her hand and directing us to the couch in the living room.
“Sit. Speak,” Piper orders.
Alana comes in and sits on the floor in front of Piper and me and hands Piper her beer. “Come on, Olivia. Tell us what’s been happening.”
“Well….” I figure I need to start at the beginning. “I really meant to take Brownie to the dog park. That’s where I told my mom I was heading when I left.”
“Yeah… that’s what she told us.” Piper says with a sneer.
“Right. Well, I just couldn’t do it. Everywhere I went, I saw Heather, work, Marc, you two…” I said, pointing to them. “Everything. I needed to get away from it. All of it. So I started driving and by dinnertime, I found myself in Sarasota. I found a hotel that let me have Brownie and we stayed the night. Which turned into two, then three… and, well, you get the picture. So, I ended up staying. I thought I needed a break from everything in my life. I needed to figure out what I should be doing and who I needed to trust. At least that’s what my therapist said.”
“Therapist? You’ve been to see Dr. Barker?” Alana asks.
“No. I called Dr. Barker once I realized I needed to stay where I was for a while and she recommended someone in town who I could see. I started seeing him, Dr. Pentil, and he helped me realize a lot and work through a lot.” I stopped talking and looked at both of my best friends. “I did a lot of rehabbing in Sarasota. Both physical and mental. I’m sorry I left the way I did, but I needed to do that for me. I hope you both can forgive me.”
“Nonsense. There’s nothing to forgive, Olivia.” Alana says, kicking my foot.
I smile at her and we both turn to look at Piper. “Oh, there’s going to be some begging first before I forgive.” Piper tries to say through the laughter. She wouldn’t make a very good lawyer. “I’m kidding. I love you like a sister. And after Alana put me in my place, I realized that you’ve been through more in a year than most people go through in a lifetime. I just hope you know we will always be here for you.”
I can feel the tears in the corner of my eyes. “I know, but I needed to go through this on my own. Thank you both for understanding.”
Alana looks at me and asks, “What ever happened with Heather?”
“Well, it’s funny you should ask as I got off the phone with the detectives just yesterday, and they told me that Heather confessed. You know that part, I’m sure, but when they searched her house, they found a journal of hers talking about all the stuff she did to both Marc and me.”
“Like what?” Alana and Piper say in unison.
“Well… stuff like the drugs she was giving him that were making him hallucinate. Notes she’d leave for Marc that she wrote but signed my name to, telling him how I wanted him, but that he couldn’t say anything to me. Stuff like that. It was a bit freaky.”
“Holy shit.” Alana whispers, and I nod in agreement.
“Explains a bit why Marc did what he did, doesn’t it? He was drugged.” Piper says, looking at me.
“Yep.” I answer back. It’s really all there is to say.
After a few minutes of watching my friends digest this information, Piper looks at me. “Are you okay with all of this?”
I nod. “I have to be, don’t I? He’s dead, and she’s locked up for the rest of her life. What more is there?”
“That’s not what she asked, Olivia. Are you okay with all this?” Alana looks at me, then Piper.
I ponder that for a minute and look at my dearest friends, “Yes, yes I’m okay.”
“Great. Then we need to celebrate!” Piper yells as she throws her hands in the air. “I was planning on going to Sideways tonight. Let’s all go and tear it up like old times.”
“Hold on a sec, Piper, I have more questions.” Alana tries to calm Piper down. “Olivia, what are you going to do about work?”
I took a deep breath. “Ah… work. Well, I’m hoping to do something for Fire Rescue, but I’m not sure in what capacity. I don’t think I can go back on the truck. I… I just can’t.”
It gets really quiet suddenly and I look up from my beer bottle that I have been peeling the label off of. “What? Say it.”
Piper looks at me and then at Alana, who nods her head slightly. “You could work full time at AOP. We’ve been so busy lately, I’m having trouble getting medics to fill all the flights. We’re even talking about adding another jet next year.”
“Oh, my God! That’s fantastic, guys! How are you getting all this business?” I ask. I’m truly excited for the two of them.
“First, it’s your company, too, so we’re getting all this business…. but we have a source that has been sending a lot of international business our way.” Alana says without looking me. Piper is all of a sudden unusually quiet.
“What do you mean, ‘a source’? What kind of source? Tell me it’s legal.” I ask my friends and business partners, but I’ll drop out in a second if they’re into something illegal.
“Of course it’s legal.” Alana answers me. “What kind of businesswomen do you think we are?”
“What source?” I ask again, but the two of them are quiet. “Guys?”
“Olivia, have you spoken to Gabriel yet?” Piper asks.


Chapter 59 - Olivia

Gabriel…. he’s all I’ve thought about for the last six months. How he could just look at me from across the room and it would feel like he was touching me. How, when he was touching me, I felt tingling and calm all at the same time. I thought about how he looked at me as if I was the only person in the world. And I also thought about how I kicked him out of my life, refused to see him, ignored his texts and emails, and how I threw away something that felt so special and so right. 
I wasn’t ready to see or talk about him then, but sitting here with my two best friends, they ask me if I’ve talked to him. Dr. Pentil told me I need to trust the ones who have always been there for me. To let them in, but looking at them and the feeling in my chest like I can’t breathe, I don’t know if I can.
“Olivia… are you okay? You’re white as a ghost.” Alana asks me, leaning up off of her elbows and coming closer to me.
“Alana, get her some water.” Piper barks. “Olivia, lie down.”
“No, no. I’m okay. I’m just… um… no. No, I haven’t spoken to Gabriel.” I stutter through, but proud that I’m sharing. Dr. Pentil would be proud, too.
“Wow…. you’ve got it bad.” Alana drinks the last of her beer. “Tell us what’s going on, Olivia.”
“Nothing, really. I haven’t seen or spoken to him since I left.” I answer them.
“Well…. you should know some things.” Piper says as she leaves the living room. “Anyone want another beer?” she yells from the kitchen.
“What’s she talking about, Alana?” I whisper as Piper is in the kitchen.
“Let her tell you,” she says to me. Crap. This doesn’t sound good. “We’re good.” Alana yells into the kitchen.
Piper comes back with a diet soda and sits back down on the couch. “So… you need to know some things. First…. Gabriel has been good for our company. He uses AOP when they do…. what do they call them, Alana?” 
“Missions,” she answers.
“Right… missions. So we’ve been doing a lot of business with the guys’ company and it’s paid off handsomely.”
“Wow… that’s good to hear. It’s awfully generous of them.” How do I feel about this? I guess I’m good with it. If it benefits them and our company, then what’s the harm, right Olivia? Now you’re asking and answering your own questions…. Dr. Pentil would probably not like that.
“And….” Piper interrupts my internal musings.
“And… what?”
“And…. he goes to Sideways at least once a week and just hangs out at the bar. I think he’s waiting for you.”
What?! That’s impossible. He wouldn’t be waiting for me. It’s been six months. I’m sure he’s moved on by now. If anything, he’s been waiting for me so he could tell me off. 
“I’m sure he’s not there waiting for me to show up, Piper. That’s just ridiculous.” I say out loud, but the pain in my chest just became four times worse. 
“Whatever you say, but I think he’s been waiting for you. He’s hung out at our table a few times, and he asks if we’ve heard from you, but I’ve never seen him with anyone… so take that how you want.”
“Well…. I’m sure he’s just enjoying the bar. He probably only asked about me to be nice. He’s moved on by now, surely.” I’m not sure who I’m trying to convince… them or me.
“Who said something about celebrating?” Alana asks to break the silent tension.
“I did!” Piper raises her hand. “How about tonight?”
“I can’t. I am having dinner with my brother tonight. I can tomorrow night, though.” I answer. I cannot miss dinner with Justin. He’s felt neglected, too, and I promised him a night of just him and me.
“That actually works better for me, too. I have something I need to take care of tonight,” Alana says as she climbs up off the floor. “Which means you two need to get going.”
“What’d you have tonight?” Piper asks.
“Just something for work.”
“What exactly do you do?” Piper pries.
“Not important. I’m not free tonight.” Alana says.
“Someday, you’re going to tell me what you do, but I suppose today isn’t that day. So, tomorrow night it is. Say around seven? We meet at Sideways?”
They are now both looking at me as if our plans all depend on my answer. But I’m not ready to see him… not yet. I’m not sure I ever will. And if he is going to the bar once a week, we may need a new bar. “Have you seen him there this week?” I ask timidly. I hate having my feelings show so much, but they’re my friends and I need to trust that they’ve got my back. “I’m just not ready… ya know?”
Alana looks at me. “I saw him there on Monday. I’m sure that’s his quota for the week.”
“And I saw him there on Monday of last week, so that must be the day he stops in, so we should be good. Just us girls and a rowdy time! I can’t wait!” Piper says as she and I walk out of Alana’s house. 
I hug them both longer than necessary, and they both seem to understand that I’m grateful for them both. “I’ll see you two tomorrow.”
“I’m glad you’re back, Olivia.” Piper says.
“Me, too.”
∞
The parking lot is packed. I have circled three times, but it must be karaoke night, or maybe they’re giving away something. Either way, it looks like I’ll be parking in the overflow lot, which means I’ll be hoofing it to the bar. My own fault for being late. I almost backed out, but I’m taking Dr. Pentil’s advice and getting out there.
After walking what feels like a mile in these heels, I finally get to the front door of Sideways. This was my old haunt. This is where we’d all meet after shift, where Marc and I hung out with the guys from shift. There are a lot of memories here, and they’re all good ones, even the ones with Marc and Heather. I was afraid of how’d I feel walking in, but I think I’m more nervous over seeing everyone who I’ve basically ignored for the last six months. Who are you kidding, Olivia? You’re terrified you may see Gabriel. And worse… you’re terrified he’ll be with someone. Not that you have any claim over him. Who’d wait six months for a messed up chick? No one, that’s who. Especially, an important, available, hot millionaire like him. You were lucky when you had him. Be grateful for that, girl.
Everyone who’s in this bar, except for Alana and Piper, thinks I’ve run away. Which is really what I did, but I’m better for it. Once I walk in, there’s no going back, so here goes nothing. I pull the door open and the country music is blaring. Some song from Miranda Lambert. Fortunately, it doesn’t sound like karaoke, but the bar’s still packed.
I slide between people standing around the high-top tables. I figure I should say hello to Vinny. I finally make it to the bar and catch Vinny’s eye.
“Hiya, girl. How ya been?” he asks as he raises the bar door so he can get closer to me.
“I’m good, Vinny. How have you been?”
He comes over to me and pulls me into a big hug. He smells like he’s been serving beer for days.
“I’m good. How long you in town?” he asks as he lets me go.
“I’m back… as long as everyone will let me.” I smile. I hadn’t realized how much I’ve missed this place. Kind of like the show Cheers. It’s our place.
“You’ve come on a busy night. I’m glad to see you, but Rachel is slammed. I gotta get back in there. I’m glad to see you, kiddo.” he says as he goes to walk away, but he spins around. “The girls are in a booth along the far wall.”
“Thanks, Vinny.” I tell him, but he doesn’t hear me because someone is yelling for a beer.
I meander my way through the crowd towards the back wall to find Piper and Alana. I’m surprised I don’t recognize anyone here. Not sure what you’re expecting…. it’s not like you’re ‘Norm’ from Cheers or anything.
I’m relieved to finally find the girls, and it looks like they’ve already polished off a drink.
“You’re late!” Piper exclaims.
“Sorry. I couldn’t find parking and then I went to say hello to Vinny, but it doesn’t look like you waited for me.” I say as I sit next to Piper, facing the front door.
“Nope, but I got you one. Here.” she says, handing me a beer.
Alana raises her beer. “A toast.” Piper and I both raise our beers. “Here’s to the friends that we love. Here’s to the friends that love us. If the friends that we love don’t love us, fuck them all and here’s to us!”
“Hear, hear.” Piper and I say in unison, and all three of us down our beers. The waitress, who I don’t recognize, walks up to our table and places three new beers down.
“From the gentlemen at the bar.” she says as the three of us look over and they raise their beers to us.
It’s Tim, my probie, and two guys from the engine on another shift. They make their way over to our table. “Ladies.” Tim says.
“Hi, Tim. Thanks for the beer.” I said to him. “How’s work going?” I’m not sure what happened to his training after I left suddenly.
“Good. They made Trevor a training officer, and he’s been training me. It’s been hectic, but fun. How’ve you been? I’m glad to see you back.”
I look over and see Piper, and Alana talking with the two engine guys. “I’m good. And I’m sorry I left you hanging as far as your training. I can’t believe Trevor’s still on the rescue unit.”
“Yeah. He’s only on for another couple of months, then they’ll move him back to the arson unit. But you should be proud of him. He’s a great trainer. He tells me he’s learned how from you.” Tim leans against the back of the booth I’m sitting in.
“Nah… he was always good, just too lazy to go for the field training officer position.” I laugh. “But I’m proud of the both of you.”
“Thanks. When you coming back to work?”
That’s the million-dollar question. “Not sure yet.” I answer, instead of lying. I’m just not sure I want to go back.
“Well, ladies. We saw you from across the bar and we recognize girls’ night when we see it. We’ll leave you to it. Have fun.” Tim says as the three of them walk away.
“Thanks!” we all call after them. As I’m watching them walk away, something catches my eye and what I see makes me stop breathing. Owen, Matt, and Gabriel walk into Sideways… and Gabriel has a girl on his arm.




About The Author

Annie Carlisle is the author of multiple books all based in sunny South Florida.
Married to a retired Sheriff Deputy, Carlisle has lived her entire life in Florida - where she worked not only as a street Paramedic, but also a Flight Medic. Her and her husband enjoy spending time with their dogs at the dog park, soaking up the sun at the beach, or just hanging around the house.
She believes in happily ever afters (eventually), strong and self-reliant heroines, and demanding yet compassionate heroes.
To learn more about the author and her work, visit her website - www.anniecarlisle.com.


Connect with Annie Carlisle

I hope you enjoyed reading Sideways as much as I enjoyed writing it. I invite you to connect with me via any or all of the links below. I look forward to hearing from you.

Website					www.AnnieCarlisle.com

Facebook					https://www.facebook.com/authoranniecarlisle

Reader Group			https://www.facebook.com/groups/anniecarlisle

Goodreads				https://www.goodreads.com/anniecarlisle

Tik Tok					https://www.tiktok.com/@authoranniecarlisle

Instagram				https://www.instagram.com/authoranniecarlisle

BookBub					https://www.bookbub.com/authors/annie-carlisle

Smashwords				https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/anniecarlisle

Blog						https://author-annie-carlisle.tumblr.com/

To become an ARC Reader	https://booksprout.co/author/28505/annie-carlisle

To join Annie’s Newsletter	http://www.anniecarlisle.com/newsletter-sign-up.html





Other Books by Annie Carlisle

The Sideways Series
		Sideways - Book 1
		Always - Book 2
		Forever - Book 3
		Audacity - Book 4
		Conquered - Book 5 (Releasing in Spring 2022)
		Determined - Book 6 (Releasing in Fall 2022)


The Story Series
		Our Story - Book 1
		Just Us - Book 2 (Releasing in Summer 2022)
		We Belong - Book 3 (Releasing in Winter 2022)
		
