Sideshow Nights
By Chris Varga



Copyright 2008. All Rights Reserved. Smashwords edition




Chapter 1


Mike stepped onto the carnival grounds. It was a cool September evening. Noises and excited voices filled the air. Kids with balloons and prizes rushed past him. He was there alone. The past year hadn't been good to him. His best friend moved to the other side of the country and they hadn't spoken in a few months. His aunt and uncle were in a fatal car accident, his sister ran off with a man the family disapproved of, and his mother had been spending more and more time in bed. 
That night, he just wanted to go on some rides, play a few games, and forget about his problems. He surveyed his surroundings, trying to decide where to go first. A game were you try to pop balloons with darts was his first choice. He walked over and gave the gruff looking man behind the counter two carnival tickets. He had exchanged twenty dollars for fifty tickets at the front gate. He hoped he wouldn't go through them all too fast. 
"Good luck, son," the man handed him four darts and backed away. 
In order to win something, you had to pop at least three balloons. Mike aimed carefully and threw the dart. A pink balloon popped loudly. Mike smiled at himself. Only two more and he would have won. He threw the second dart impulsively without aiming carefully. It hit the far right side of the wall, where no balloon was. 
"Got to be more careful," he said to himself. 
He took twenty seconds to aim the next dart and was glad to see another balloon pop. 
The prize for popping all four balloons was an oversized stuffed animal. He had already lost that. He was getting too old for stuffed animals anyway. But the prize for three balloons was an action figure. He didn't play with them anymore, but he had a five year old cousin he could give it to. 
The booth attendant noticed him hesitating. "It all depends on this, huh? Just relax, son, and you'll do fine," he said encouragingly. "Thanks," Mike said and threw the dart and hoped for the best. It just missed a balloon by less than an inch. 
"Tough break.  Want to try again?" the gruff man began to collect the darts. 
"No thanks," Mike walked off, ready to try something else. 
It was just sundown when he entered the carnival, but now it was almost pitch dark. The neon and fluorescent lights of all the rides and stands lit up the grounds like a midnight sun. He still had forty eight tickets and an abundance of rides and games to choose from. 
Mike walked to a Drown the Clown stand. It was the game where you shoot a water gun in the clown's mouth to make the balloon pop. There were several people there waiting for another game to start so he walked up to an empty stool and sat. 
"Three tickets," a tough looking middle aged woman said. 
Mike tore off three tickets from his stack and handed them to her. She waited a minute to see if anyone else would join the game. When no one did she backed to the side, announced, "Alright. Ready, set... 
Mike crossed his fingers for luck. 
"Go!" the lady pushed a button to turn the water on and everyone started firing their guns. 
Mike's water stream went right in the clown's mouth. He tried to hold his hand steady. He quickly glanced around. A couple people were about equal with him and a few were behind. The balloon on top of the clown's head got bigger and bigger. He thought he might win. But then he heard a pop to his right and the water instantly stopped. 
"We have a winner," the lady said and walked over to the young man who won. His girlfriend was right beside him and she hugged him and told him which prize she wanted. 
Mike sighed. He decided to get something to eat and go on a couple rides before trying to win another prize. The food court area was at the back of the grounds. There were stands for pizza, hot dogs and hamburgers, ice cream, and tacos. He chose pizza and ordered himself two pepperoni slices and a medium coke. The food you had to buy with cash but it was very reasonable. It was only three dollars for what he ordered. 
He walked to one of the picnic tables that was placed between the circle of food stands and sat. The pizza was delicious. His favorite place to get pizza though was a place two blocks from his house, Vito's. He and his friend Jason used to walk there when Jason slept over. They always finished a medium pie between the two of them. Their favorite topping was pepperoni and bacon. 
But then Jason's father got a job transfer and had to move the family to Oregon. Since Mike lived in Connecticut, they couldn't see each other unless one of them went on vacation. That hadn't happened yet, but in the beginning they had called or e-mailed each other once a week. Then it was once every couple weeks. Then longer. To this day, they hadn't corresponded in about four months. 
Mike hadn't met anyone new and the girls in his school weren't interested in him so he was starting to get lonely. He had just finished his first year at the local college. When Jason heard about his family's move the year before, he applied to the local college too, but he didn't get in so he was going to community college in Oregon. 
Jason and Mike had been friends since the sixth grade so it was a disappointment to lose him. They had shared the limo to the prom, went on vacation together and been close. 
But Mike at least had some hobbies. He amused himself with video games or riding his bike around town. He wished he could meet a friend or a girl that he cared about. His mother told him he should join something at college but there weren't any clubs that suited him. 
He looked around. At the table next to him, a little girl was crying because her older sister took some of her French fries. The mother was trying to comfort the little girl and scold the older girl. Mike finished up quickly and then got up. 
He threw his empty plates and cup in the garbage can and walked around looking for something to do next. He saw a haunted house ride that cost five tickets. He suspected it would be lame but got on anyway. 
The car he was in moved slowly along the track and towards the flap into the haunted house. He heard shrieks and bangs get louder as he went through the flap. The room he was in was dark except for some eerie glowing masks along the wall. 
Suddenly, a skull face appeared before him and loud maniacal laughter sounded throughout the room. He instinctively jumped but then calmed himself. The skull lifted up and moved to the side wall. The car moved through a small door into another room. 
To his left an ugly witch was stirring a cauldron. Her head turned and her mechanical eyes seemed to stare right at him. He knew he shouldn't be, but he felt a little creeped out. 
To Mike's surprise, a head popped out of the cauldron. It looked like a deformed baby. The witch cackled and fake bats flew across the room. So far, the ride had startled him twice. 
The next room had a werewolf figure standing among trees. A bright full moon was painted on the wall. Mike calmly stared at it, but still jumped when the werewolf lunged at him. In the next room, he wasn't surprised when a mummy's arm reached toward him. The last room had a vampire repeatedly biting a woman's neck. The woman was clutching her breasts and wailing. He knew they were only wax figures but it still bothered him. 
The cool air of outdoors soon greeted him and he got up feeling a little unsettled. It was a cheap production, but not as lame as he thought it would be. He was about to walk away when he noticed a fortune teller machine behind the haunted house. No one was even near it. 
For some reason, he approached. The woman behind the glass was a typical gypsy with big gold earrings and a bandana around her head. The sign read 'Amazing Madame Gira'. The machine only took one ticket so he thought 'what the hell'. 
As soon as he inserted the ticket, eerie music played and the gypsy's head moved back and forth. "So you want your fortune, eh?" the gypsy cackled. "Beware the powers of Madame Gira!" 
Then a bell sounded and a piece of paper popped out of a slot. Mike hesitantly took it. It was the size of a playing card and had cryptic designs on the back. He turned it over and read the fortune. 
'You will meet someone special tonight' the card read. 
Mike looked at the machine. The gypsy head was still rocking back and forth. Mike stood there feeling a little relieved and a little nervous. He wasn't superstitious but something about the machine made him feel like the fortunes were real. But then he thought, if it was real, at least it wasn't a bad fortune. He would gladly meet someone special. But who? 
The head stopped moving and the lights in the case dimmed. Mike put the fortune in his pocket and walked back to the main area of the carnival. He walked around, half expecting to bump into the someone special, but didn't. A tent with a sign that read 'The Amazing Talos and Lovely Zelda' caught his eye. He walked through the door behind two women. 
Benches were set up facing an empty stage. Mike wondered how long the show would take to start. The audience was quiet and patiently awaiting the show. They didn't have to wait long. The lights went out and a spotlight appeared on the back wall. A beautiful young blonde in a sparkling red dress stepped out from behind a curtain. The spotlight illuminated her stunning figure. Mike was instantly attracted to her. She bowed as a drumroll sounded and then a man in a white shirt and black cape stepped out. He had a thin mustache and slicked back, greasy hair. 
"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Talos and tonight I will amaze and stun you. Zelda," he pointed to the blonde who walked off to the side and returned with a blanketed cart. "For my first feat, I will saw the lovely Zelda in half," Talos said as he seemed to pull a saw out of nowhere. 
Zelda smiled and lay on the cart. Mike knew how the trick worked. Her lower half hung through a hole in the cart and they put a dummy's legs on the other half of the cart. But he still watched with great interest. 
A little girl screamed as Talos approached Zelda. He lifted a curtain attached to the cart up, obscuring Zelda for a moment. Mike knew Zelda was putting her legs through the hole and Talos was putting the fake legs in place. 
Talos put the curtain back down and began sawing. Zelda lay there with a flat expression. A minute later, Talos separated the fake legs and a 'Ta-da' sound played. 
"Are you okay, my lovely?" Talos asked Zelda. 
She nodded. Mike looked at her more closely. She was gorgeous. Any guy would be lucky to know a girl like her, he thought. But he guessed she was at least twenty-five and he was only nineteen, so it would never work between them. 
"Now I will put her back together!" Talos said. 
The curtain went back up, Talos waved his hand, and when the curtain went down, Zelda was lying there in one piece. She sat up and smiled. The audience clapped. 
Talos went on to do several standard magician tricks which Mike found boring and uninspired. But watching Zelda made it worthwhile. She never once spoke, just smiled and nodded. Still, Mike couldn't take his eyes off her. 
As they made their final bow, all Mike could think was 'How do you please a gir1like that?' 
Then he told himself to be realistic and stood up with everyone else to clap. Zelda and Talos went backstage and the regular tent lights came back on. The crowd began to file out of the tent. The show had taken about forty minutes. Mike saw a sign saying there was another performance every hour on the hour. 
He stepped out into the night and looked around. He still had thirty-nine tickets and a few hours until the carnival closed. He decided to see some more attractions and then try to win another prize. 
There was Olga, the five hundred pound lady, and Telsa, the bearded lady, which he saw next. He kind of felt sorry for them. What other work could they do? Olga seemed to be enjoying herself though. She was smiling and waving at the people who passed. She noticed his gaze lingering and smiled right at him. Their eyes met and Mike felt a little uneasy. He didn't want to seem like he was making fun of her but also wondered how someone could let themselves get to that point. He smiled nervously and looked away. 
Next he paid four tickets to go on a Ferris wheel. It didn't go that high up but he could see a great distance as he hit the top of the ride. The town looked peaceful. All the middle class houses were lined up in rows with light shining through the living room and bedroom windows. He wondered if other people had as many problems as his family did. The ride made six revolutions and then people were let out. Mike was stuck on top while people in cars below him were exiting the ride. 
He calmly stared into the night. He saw the whole carnival from where he was. There weren't many rides but lots of games. As he turned his head and saw the magician's tent, he felt a longing to see Zelda again. Maybe he would go back tomorrow night. He knew all he would do was watch, but the thought was comforting. His cart slowly descended as people left the ride and finally it was his turn to get off. He took a deep breath and stepped onto solid ground. 
Mike tried his luck at another prize. He lost at the Spin the Wheel game. It was where you put a quarter on a symbol and hoped the wheel stopped spinning on the symbol you picked. Since the prize was a CD which he would actually want he tried again. After the third time with no luck, he resigned and looked for something else. 
After he lost the game where you tried to catapult a plastic frog into a moving lily pad, he began to see a pattern. He just wasn't lucky that night. After all the bad things that happened to him in the past year, he wasn't surprised. Something in the stars was just against him at the moment. Kids who had been luckier who or who had lucky parents clutched their prizes joyfully. It didn't matter. Most of the prizes offered were for kids and he was now supposed to be an adult. 
He walked around almost ready to leave when someone shouted, "Hey sir. Try your luck?" 
"What?" Mike looked around to see who called to him. 
A man with a large pot belly was standing behind a counter. "Want to try the ring toss?" he asked pleasantly. "I don't know," Mike stuttered. He had thirty tickets left but didn't want to waste them. They could be carried over to the next day if need be. "Top prize is a hundred bucks. You look like you could use it. Whadda'ya say?" the guy gently pressured Mike. 
Mike was surprised a low-scale carnival would offer such an expensive prize, but he sure could use the money. He didn't make much at his job. He walked over and handed the guy six tickets. He figured with such a high prize, it must be almost impossible to win. 
"How do I win?" Mike asked. 
"Get all three rings on the bottles and the money's yours!" 
Mike took a deep breath and carefully tossed the first ring. He couldn't believe it when it came down right on a bottle's neck. He knew he wouldn't make another and that that had just been a fluke. But he was pleasantly surprised when he got the second ring on a bottle too. 
"I knew you looked lucky. One more," the man exclaimed. 
Mike hoped he would win and tossed the ring into the air. He was speechless when it came down around a bottle in the middle of the array. He couldn't believe it. He was now a hundred dollars richer. 
"I knew you could do it," the man said and reached into a drawer and removed a hundred dollar bill. He handed it to Mike. 
The bill was crisp and new. Mike looked at it a moment. It wasn't often he handled such large denominations. 
"Thanks," Mike said happily and put the bill in his wallet. 
Winning had made him feel better. Maybe the stars weren't against him after all. He left the stand and looked for something else to do. Compared to a hundred dollars, the other prizes wouldn't excite him. So he went on a small roller coaster that wasn't scary at all and then in the House of Mirrors. 
As the night got later, the density of the crowds began to get thinner. Lots of children had to get home to bed. Mike felt like staying awhile longer so he bought a vanilla ice cream cone and ate it slowly while standing. 
After finishing the cone, he counted his tickets. He still had fourteen. Maybe he would return the next night to use them. As he was walking towards the entrance and contemplating how to spend his hundred dollars, something caught his eye. Zelda was standing on the side of the House of Mirrors, near the back where people couldn't easily see her. She looked to be crying. Mike wondered what was wrong and stopped for a moment. 
She looked at him. She was definitely crying. Her eyes were bloodshot and a tear was rolling down her cheek. 
"Hi," Mike didn't know what to say. 
"Hi," she grimaced. 
Mike stood there wishing he was her friend so he could comfort her. She noticed he wasn't leaving. "Do you need help?" he asked and approached. This would be a good opportunity to speak to her. "It's nothing," Zelda sobbed. She thought of something to say. "Did you like the show?" she finally came out with. 
"What?" Mike asked, not realizing what she meant. 
"The magic act. I saw you in the audience, didn't I?” Zelda said. 
"Oh, I've seen all the tricks before. But you looked nice," Mike wished he hadn't said the last line after he said it. "Thanks," Zelda laughed softly. "But looks can't help me now." "What do you mean?" "It's nothing. You're a stranger. I don't want to bother you with my problems." "Maybe I could help somehow," Mike suggested. "Not unless you have a hundred dollars cash on you right now." Was this what fate was, Mike thought to himself. He had just won a hundred dollars and now someone needed it.  He quickly debated whether or not to offer it to her. Finally, he decided he didn't earn the money so it didn't matter if he lost it helping someone out. 
"As a matter of fact, I do," Mike said. 
"You're serious?" 
"Yes. I just won it," Mike took out his wallet and showed her the bill. 
"But I can't ask you to give it to me. We don't even know each other," Zelda seemed flattered. 
"Hey, I didn't work hard for it. Easy come, easy go. And if you're that upset over it, I want you to have it," Mike held it out for her. 
"But why?" Zelda seemed like she wasn't used to people caring about her. 
Mike wasn't sure what to say. If you had to ask why someone would be attracted to someone and want to do nice things for them, it took the fun out of romance. He shrugged uneasily in response to her question. 
Zelda hesitated and then took the money. "You're sweet. What's your name?" 
"Mike. Is your real name Zelda?" 
"No," Zelda simply replied. 
They stood there not sure what to say. 
"Well I thank you very much, sir. It means a lot to me," Zelda finally spoke. 
"What do you need it for?" 
"I don't want to alarm you. Let's just say some guys need it from me tonight or I'm in trouble." "What kind of trouble?" Mike began to feel concerned. What was she involved with? "You're very nice but I have to go," Zelda suddenly seemed nervous and eager to get away. 
"Can I see you again?" Mike helplessly tried to get another moment with her. 
"I'll be in the same place you first saw me tomorrow night. Doing my act," Zelda suggested. 
"I'll be there." 
Zelda smiled. "Thanks again for the money. You're really very kind." 
"Don't worry about it. Pay off whoever you're in trouble with."
 "I will," Zelda hurried off. She was still wearing the sparkling red dress from her performance and it glittered in the moonlight. He watched her go back to some trailers away from the main area of the carnival. 
He left feeling good about himself. He was able to help someone in need. He knew a lot of people would call what he did stupid, but he didn't care. There was something about Zelda he just liked. The only thing that was too bad was that she was part of a traveling carnival and wouldn't be in the area much longer. Soon she would be off to another state, probably to never see him again. 
He entered his house feeling mixed emotions. The living room light was on but it was empty. 
"Mom, I'm home!" he yelled. 
No one answered. She might be in bed, Mike thought. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a glass of chocolate milk. It was refreshing. He finished it quickly and then went upstairs. He heard stirring from his mother's bedroom. He approached the door which was ajar. The lights were off. He peered in and saw his mother's form underneath the covers. He knew she had probably been lying there a couple hours already. 
"Mike, honey, is that you?" his mother, Wilma, called weakly. 
"Yes, mom," he said entering the room. 
Wilma reached over and turned on the bedside lamp. She propped herself up and looked at him. "Did you have fun at the carnival?" she asked. "Yes," he didn't bother telling her about winning and then giving away a hundred dollars. 
"You went on rides and all that?" Wilma asked. 
"Yeah. It wasn't a big presentation. But it was fun." 
"That's good," Wilma looked at the clock. "It's late. Are you going right to bed?" 
"I guess so," Mike replied. 
"Well, good night," his mother turned off the light and put her head back on the pillow. 
Mike left the bedroom quietly. He felt bad but didn't know what to do. After her sister died and then her daughter eloped and never contacted the family again, she had seemed to lose her energy and excitement for life. He didn't know what to do. He couldn't bring his aunt and uncle back and he didn't know how to contact his sister. 
He switched into sweatpants quietly and then brushed his teeth. As he was hanging his pants up, he found the fortune teller's card. He had an odd feeling as he read it. Was the someone special Zelda? Did the machine really have prophetic powers? 
As he got into bed, he told himself just because he met Zelda didn't mean anything would come of it. She was probably a little too old for him and she didn't live in town. He knew his time to continue to see her would be short, but he still looked forward to returning to the carnival the following day. He shut out the light and was soon dreaming about happier times.
Chapter 2


The next morning was damp and cool. Mike was distant at breakfast. 
"Is something bothering you?" his mother asked. 
"No. Everything's fine. I'm going back to the carnival later," Mike told her. 
“It was that good?" 
"You could say that," Mike said, staring off into space. He couldn't stop thinking about Zelda. Why was she in trouble? He wished he had the resources to help, whatever it was. Nonetheless, he still hoped to see her before she left to go to the carnival's next stop. 
Mike finished breakfast silently and then took his bike and rode around town. He passed his old babysitter getting out of her car. She waved pleasantly. Mike waved back. He remembered she always used to sneak him in chocolate and not tell his mother. And let him stay up an hour later when his mom was gone overnight. Mike drifted in and out of childhood memories as he rode on. Soon, Mike ended up back at the carnival grounds. It wasn't open yet, but he just wanted to go past. 
It looked so different in the daytime. All the stands were closed; none of the bright lights were on. He noticed a few maintenance men walking around with walkie talkies or equipment to prepare the rides for opening. He stood there a minute just thinking and then pedaled off. 
He decided he would go as soon as the carnival opened which was 5 p.m. He had several hours to kill before that so he went back home and played video games. He spent most of the time on his favorite role playing game. It was epic in length and he had advanced through many stages of hit points and spell powers. He wasn't sure how much more was left, but he knew there was quite a bit. 
About four o'clock, his mother knocked on the bedroom door. 
"Mike, I'm going out. Are you okay to get dinner yourself?" she asked in a tired, solemn voice. 
I'll eat at the carnival." 
"Okay," Wilma said and left the room. 
Sometimes she just went out by herself and didn't tell Mike where she went. He didn't want to pry so he just let it go. At quarter of five, he saved his games, shut off his computer, and hurried over to the carnival. 
It was the time of evening when the sun starts to go down and create shadows but you can still see clearly. There was already a line of all aged patrons ready to enter the carnival. Mike stood in line and anticipated seeing Zelda. 
A little girl in front of Mike was crying. Her mother was trying to comfort her. She looked to Mike like he could help and then when she realized the girl wouldn't stop, took her daughter out of the line to talk to her. Mike stepped forward. He was soon at the entrance booth. He handed the man another twenty, took his tickets and went through the gate. 
It wasn't very crowded yet and he could walk freely. He went to the magician's tent and saw a man standing nearby. He seemed like he worked there. 
"When's the first show?" Mike asked. 
"Six o'clock," the man replied like he couldn't be bothered. 
"Thanks," Mike said and reluctantly wandered away. 
He decided to get something to eat to pass the time. He ordered a hamburger and fries at the food stands and ate them slowly at one of the benches. When he was done, there was about half an hour left, so he tried his luck at a couple of games. He didn't win anything. 
Ten minutes before six, he showed up at the magician's tent to find people were already being seated. He took a seat next to two elderly women and waited. At precisely six, the lights dimmed, the spotlight appeared, and Talos stepped out just like the night before. 
When Zelda stepped out, she was wearing a sparkling green dress that was the exact same style as the night before. Her hair and make-up looked exactly the same. She noticed Mike and winked at him. He smiled to himself. 
Then Zelda went into her routine with Talos. Several times, Zelda smiled right at Mike. No one in the audience took notice; at least Mike didn't think they did. Mike sat there wondering was this all it would be, seeing her for one performance every night until her job took her off to another part of the country. When the lights came on, Mike got his answer. 
Zelda nodded at him and motioned for him to go in the back with her. 
"Me?" Mike looked around and made sure he got the signal right. 
Zelda smiled and nodded. 
Mike got up and nervously approached her. Some of the people exiting eyed him suspiciously. 
"Hi, come on back. I have about twenty minutes," Zelda said pleasantly and led Mike into the back areas of the tent. Talos gave Mike a jealous look as she led him to her dressing room. "Are you and Talos a couple,” Mike asked. 
"No, he's just protective," Zelda said and opened the door to her dressing room. Mike walked in to find a small, extremely cluttered dressing area. There were all sorts of outfits on hangers and scattered about. Mike noticed a blue sparkling dress and black sparkling dress that were exact doubles of the one she was wearing and the red one from last night. He assumed she just switched colors every night, or maybe every performance. 
"I want to thank you for that money," Zelda said, sitting in her chair. "Oh, it was nothing," Mike said, having to stand as there wasn't a second chair in the room. "It was more than nothing. It really helped me out. I guess the male species isn't all bad," Zelda smiled nervously. 
"Who said they were?" 
"I have to work here, don't I?" Zelda answered. 
"You don't like your job?" 
"I do. It's just gotten old. I've been doing the same thing over and over for more than two years. Talos hardly ever changes the routine," Zelda sighed. 
"Couldn't you do something else?" 
"1 never went to college, I don't know. I just feel I fit in better a t a place like this," Zelda replied. 
"But there's nothing wrong with you," Mike said. 
"How do you know?" Zelda said mysteriously and then looked away, stifling a nervous laugh. 
"So, uh, what's your real name?" Mike asked. 
"It's stupid. You'll like Zelda better." 
"Try me." 
"It's Shauna," Zelda told him. 
"It's not that bad." 
"I'd rather be something common like Jennifer or Rachael," Shauna said. 
"Zelda's not common," Mike pointed out. 
"But it sounds cool, especially for a performer's name," Shauna replied. 
Mike nodded. 
"So, I don't have much time before the next show. I just wanted to let you know you're welcome to come by in the daytime. We leave in five days for Buffalo but I'd like to talk to you when I'm not rushed," Shauna said. 
''I'd like that," Mike grinned. He never had a girl be the one to ask him out. 
"The guy guarding the entrance in the daytime is Joe. I'll tell him to let you past. What's your last name?" 
"Kranton." 
"Okay. You don't have to stick around for another show. It'll get boring. But thanks so much for the hundred dollars," Shauna said. 
"No problem," Mike replied. He didn't want to ask why she needed it so badly. At least not right then. 
Zelda led Mike back to the flap separating the stage from the back area and showed him out. Some people were already seated for the next performance. Mike walked back outside feeling good about himself. 
It was now nighttime and the grounds were illuminated by all the colored lights of the rides and stands. Crowds of happy kids and parents rushed past him. He decided to see the other attractions. He knew he had missed quite a bit the previous night. 
A woman in a burlesque uniform hurried past him, brushing his shoulder. She looked worried. 
'Must be a show in another tent' Mike told himself, his gaze lingering momentarily. 
"Mike!" someone yelling startled him. 
He looked around at who was calling him. Then he recognized his mother's friend, Bonnie. 
Mike approached. 
"Hi Mike. Your mother told me you were here last night too," Bonnie stated. 
"I really like it here," was all Mike could come up with. 
"Well 1wanted to ask you something," Bonnie said, suddenly looking very serious. 
"What?" 
"Is your mother alright? She was supposed to meet me at four thirty for dinner and she never showed up." 
"Really? She told me she was going out and then left the house at four." 
"I hope she's okay. I wonder what happened," Mike said, feeling slightly concerned but also trying to tell himself there was a reasonable explanation. 
"1 drove by your house but 1 couldn't see her car," Bonnie added. 
They stood there silently a few moments. 
"Sorry to worry you. It's probably nothing. Lately she's been getting forgetful. I hope she's alright," Bonnie said. 
"Yeah. She probably decided to go somewhere else and forgot she was supposed to meet you." 
"I know, honey," Bonnie said. "Well enjoy the carnival. I'll check on you two tomorrow." 
Bonnie then walked off. Bonnie always seemed cheerful, even when bad things were happening. Mike wished he could be like that. 
Mike walked around and tried a couple more games. But he started to get worried and couldn't concentrate. Finally, he decided to go home and call his mother's cell phone. He couldn't enjoy the carnival any more that night. 
He rode home quickly and put his bike in the backyard. Then he went indoors. His mother wasn't home. He checked his watch. It was seven thirty. That meant wherever she went, she was gone for three and a half hours. It wasn't time to worry yet. 
But Mike was worried. He walked to the kitchen phone and dialed his mom's cell phone. His heart sank when the computerized voice said the customer was not receiving calls at this time. 
What had happened? Mike stood there a moment and then got a can of soda and watched TV. It wasn't productive to stand there and worry. 
About nine o'clock, he heard aloud clap of thunder and then all of a sudden it started pouring. He was glad he wasn't still at the carnival. The rain beat loudly against the windows and roof. There was still no sign of Wilma. 
The rain continued steadily with thunder and lightning every once in a while. About ten 0'clock, Mike took a shower and got ready for bed. He wasn't sure who else to call to ask where Wilma could be. His mother and father never spoke to each other, his only sibling was missing, and his living cousins and aunts and uncles were far away. 
He lay in bed telling himself he was sure she would be home when he woke up in the morning. About half an hour later, he heard the front door open and shut. 
'Finally', he told himself. 
He lay in bed a minute and then got up. He walked into the upstairs hall just in time to see his mother go into her bedroom and slam the door. 
"Mom?" he called. 
"Yes?" 
"Where were you?" 
"I'm okay. Don't worry. Go back to bed," Wilma replied bluntly. 
Mike stood in the hall wondering what the comments meant. Why was she being so secretive? He then took a deep breath and went back to bed. 
As he lay in the darkness, he heard some commotion when his mom was in the bathroom getting ready for the night. Then he heard her room door slam and all was quiet. He fell asleep an hour later.



Chapter 3


During the night, it continued to rain. When morning came, there was a thick layer of fog and mist over the whole town. Mike's bedroom windows were coated. He groggily opened his eyes and stretched. He had one more full week off before school resumed. He would be a sophomore, no longer a clueless freshman. He had mixed feelings about college. He knew it was better than a minimum wage job but he just wasn't fascinated with any subject he had taken so far. Mike thought about his classes for a few minutes and if he would make friends this year. Then he got up and went downstairs. 
It was nine o'clock and his mom was still asleep. Ever since Tara, his sister, ran off with a bartender Wilma didn't like, his mother seemed different. Tara had never once called or e-mailed anyone in the family. No one even knew if she was okay. 
Mike knew there was no point getting upset over it so he no longer worried. He went to the kitchen and poured himself a bowl of raisin bran and ate it at the kitchen table. He was excited to see Zelda outside of her show. He figured he'd hike on over about noon. 
Wilma came downstairs about ten-thirty. There were dark circles under her eyes and she seemed faraway. 
"Morning," she grumbled. 
"Morning," Mike, who was looking at a magazine, replied. Then he went right to his concern. "Was everything okay last night?" 
"Sure, sure," Wilma said like nothing had happened. Mike rolled his eyes, put the magazine down, and went up to his room. He almost didn't care to know what had happened the night before. He decided to play an action game for an hour and then go see Zelda. He did very poorly at the game and got killed several times. When his clock showed 11:43, he shut down his computer, quickly went in the bathroom to put on some cologne and walked downstairs. 
Halfway down the steps, someone knocked on the door. 
"Yoo-hoo!" a cheerful voice called. It was Bonnie. 
His mother had been lying on the living room couch. She rose lethargically but Mike beat her to the door. 
"Hi hi! Just thought I'd drop by," Bonnie said in a sunny, cheerful voice. 
"Hi Bonnie!" Wilma faked enthusiasm. 
"Well I have a bone to pick with you, missy," Bonnie closed the door behind her. 
"What about?" 
"Where were you last night? I waited for almost an hour and then finally went home and picked up fast food!" 
Something registered with Wilma. She looked ashamed of herself and said, "I'm so sorry. It completely slipped my mind." 
"Well I guess it's okay," Bonnie said and looked around as if to say it wasn't. 
"Can I get you some coffee?" Wilma offered. 
"That'd be great," Bonnie replied and seated herself at the kitchen table. 
Wilma trudged over to the counter and started a pot brewing. 
"So that's a pretty neat carnival they've got," Bonnie broke the silence first. 
"Yes, I haven't been there," Wilma said. 
"Mike has I know. Mike, come join us," Bonnie waved to Mike, who was standing in the entryway watching the conversation. 
Mike silently complied. He could delay seeing Zelda half an hour. No big deal. 
"So he says you did go somewhere at four," Bonnie said, starting to look serious. 
Bonnie wasn't related and Wilma didn't have to answer to her, but she looked forward. "I just went to sit by the bay and think," Wilma answered. 
"That's it? Come on now. What time did she get home?" Bonnie turned to Mike. 
"Ten thirty, I guess." 
"No one can sit and think that long. You must have been doing something!" Bonnie exclaimed. 
"The coffee's ready," Wilma abruptly got out of her chair and prepared the mugs. 
Mike was beginning to feel uncomfortable. His first instinct was that his mom was having an affair, though she was divorced so it wasn't really an affair. Bonnie and Wilma lightened their coffee and sipped it slowly. "So do you want to share or do we have to hire a detective?" Bonnie was never afraid to pry. 
"Okay, if you must know, Mike's father missed a few alimony payments," Wilma started. 
"The bum," Bonnie said, then added, "Sorry Mike." 
"Well I'm in no condition to work full time and money's getting tight," Mike's mother said. 
"Don't tell me you're an escort!" Bonnie exclaimed. 
"Well it's with older, respectable gentlemen. I've seen the same one twice in a row now," Wilma said. Mike was stunned. He never expected something like that. "Look, it pays a thousand dollars and I just go to dinner and a play or dance. Nothing lewd," Wilma defended herself. 
"Well why didn't you tell me you were having money problems?" Bonnie asked. 
"Can I be excused?" Mike just wanted to get over to the carnival and forget about what he just heard. It wasn't fun to watch Bonnie berate someone. 
"Sure, go ahead," Mike's mom said quickly. Bonnie gave him a look and Mike hurriedly got his jacket and went out the door. He heard Bonnie's voice getting louder. He found his bike and brought it to the street. It was hard to see too far in the distance because of the fog, but he made his way safely to the carnival grounds. 
He rode on the grass up to the entrance. 
A man with a baseball cap and large pot belly was standing by the gate, reading a newspaper. Mike approached. 
"Hi," he said shyly. 
"Are you Mike?" Joe barked. 
"Yes." 
"Go on in. I think Zelda's in the House of Oddities," Joe stated. 
"Thanks," Mike walked past and looked around. He wasn't exactly sure where that was. Finally, he found a tent with a big sign "House of Oddities", so he went inside. Olga was sitting on a chair, singing a folk tune. Zelda and an unfamiliar lady were standing watching. Zelda was wearing jeans and a blue and white flannel blouse. She looked pretty even when she wasn't all made up. 
Olga noticed Mike in the room and suddenly stopped, looking somewhat afraid. 
"It's okay. That's my new friend, Mike," Zelda said. 
"Hi. I'm Lara," the other woman, who was standing, walked over and shook Mike's hand. 
"Olga," Olga sighed. 
"So I hear you're quite the gentleman," Lara smiled at Mike. 
"The hundred dollars. 1didn't even earn it," Mike shrugged. 
"Still. Most people today would do that," Lara replied. 
"I better be going," Olga said and struggled to stand up straight. Her weight was too much for anyone to handle. Mike tried not to stare as she finally stood up and slowly went out the tent. 
"She has a great attitude for someone of her size," Zelda commented. "I'd be depressed beyond belief if it was me." 
"I wish they had some surgery for her. But then again, this is a carnival, not a modeling agency," Lara told Mike. 
"What do you do here?" Mike asked Lara. 
"I put on a dancing routine," Lara informed him. 
Mike nodded but didn't say anything further. 
"Well, I'll leave you two to get to know each other," Lara said and excused herself. 
Zelda waited for Lara to be gone, then said, "I'm glad you showed up." 
"Sure. Should 1call you Zelda or Shauna?" 
"Whatever. Shauna's fine," Shauna replied. 
"So...," Mike thought of something to say. He was holding back since he knew she was leaving soon. 
"So...,"Shauna imitated with a smile. Mike looked around the room. There was a large display hidden behind blue creased curtains in the center. All around three sides of the tent were cases. Mike couldn't see what was in them due to more curtains in the way. 
"So what kind of stuff do they have in here?" Mike asked. 
"Just artifacts and relics," Shauna answered. "Did you see them yet?" 
"1 haven't been in here." 
"Then let me show you," Shauna went to a hidden panel in one of the displays. She pressed a button and all the curtains automatically retracted. 
"This, in the center, is a skeleton of a supposed winged man," Shauna said and pointed to a skeleton, similar to one in dinosaur museums, of a human like form with large wings extending to the left and right. 
"Some say it was a real centaur from centuries ago," Shauna explained. 
"Do you believe it?" 
"I've seen stranger," Shauna replied mysteriously and then led Mike around the room. 
Mike was shown some statues and clay pots, some ancient masks, and other items that supposedly carried lore. "The tour guide isn't around to explain all the history behind these things but she goes through it four times a night," Shauna explained. Mike walked around with her, looking at everything. The most disturbing thing was a skull with two holes in it. 
"This was, according to legend, a natural birth defect," Shauna explained. 
"He or she lived?" 
"Uh-huh" 
"So this carnival packs up in a few days, huh?" Mike was disappointed that she couldn't stick around. 
"Yes. Wednesday is the last night and then a large crew comes in and works the whole night and next day dissembling everything." 
"Must be a big ordeal to travel like this. Why don't you guys stay in one place?" 
"It's not what the owner wants," Shauna replied. 
"How long has this been going around?" 
"Five or six years," Shauna answered. 
"How did a girl like you get into this?" Mike asked, not meaning to be pushy. 
"Do you want to go to my trailer?" Shauna asked suddenly. 
"Is it okay?" 
"Of course," Shauna smiled and slowly walked out of the tent. 
Mike followed. He wondered if this was moving too fast. He wondered what she really wanted from him, but he didn't want a one night stand. His attraction was too real. Shauna led Mike through the empty carnival. He noticed the Madame Gira stand where he saw it the first night. 
"That's a pretty neat fortune telling machine," he said, remembering his fortune of meeting someone special. 
"Really? It's broken, doesn't do much," Shauna answered. 
"Oh," Mike didn't know what to make of that but he kept silent. 
Mike thought about life's questions as he silently walked with Zelda to her trailer. Would he be happy? Where would he end up in ten years? Things like that. 
The trailers were separated from the main carnival by at least two hundred feet of open space. Shauna led Mike to hers and opened the door. There was a bed along the back wall, a couch, table, closet and small bathroom. There was also a mini-fridge and sink. 
"Sit down," Shauna said, motioning to the couch. 
Mike agreeably sat and waited for her to do something. She opened the mini-fridge and offered him a soda. 
"No thanks," Mike replied. 
"So," Zelda sat next to him. "Do you mind me asking how old you are?" 
"How old do I look?" Mike asked, worrying she would think he was too young. 
"You can't always go by looks," Shauna replied. 
"Nineteen," Mike told her. 
"You seem older. I don't know, just more mature or wise," Shauna complimented him. 
"Thanks. So is nineteen too young?" 
"I'm not that much older," Shauna said. 
"Are you over twenty-five?" Mike considered that the cutoff point. 
"No. I'm twenty-three," Shauna told him. 
Mike thought it over. It was only four years. His parents had more of an age difference than that. So did lots of other people he met. 
"You're a really nice guy. Too bad I have to leave," Shauna said. 
"There's three more days. Are you allowed to go around town?" Mike asked hopefully. 
"As long as I'm back in time for my show." 
"Do you want to get something to eat? I know a few good restaurants," Mike asked. 
"Sure," Shauna smiled flirtatiously. 
Just then, there was a loud rapping at the door and a man in a blazer poked his head into the room. "Zelda, what are you doing?" he yelled. 
"He's okay, Rich. I know him," Shauna said, seeming embarrassed. 
"Yeah, well don't forget our agreement," Rich said and slammed the door behind him. He then opened it again a moment later and barked, "Don't take too long!" 
Shauna rolled her eyes after Rich closed the door and was gone. 
"Don't worry him," she said apologetically. 
"What kind of agreement?" Mike wondered if Rich was the guy she was in trouble with. "Nothing like that. I can talk to who I want.  It's just...,"Shauna trailed off and began staring past Mike with a vacant look in her eye. 
"Shauna?" 
"Yes. Where were we? Oh yes. Going on a date. Well, I'd love to. Why don't you give me your phone number and maybe tomorrow or Tuesday we can set something up." 
"Sure," Mike eagerly told her his phone number. Shauna didn't write it down. 
"Will you remember?" Mike noticed she wasn't even going for a pen. 
"I'm good at memorizing digits," Shauna told him. 
"So where were you born?" Mike asked, trying to start a conversation. 
"You know what? Can we continue this on our date, away from here? I don't mean to be rude but I have some things to do before opening," Shauna said. 
"And you don't want that guy to get mad," Mike added. 
"And that," Shauna sighed and stood up. 
Mike stood up with her. 
As they exited the trailer, Shauna asked, "Are you going to come back tonight?" 
"I don't know. You can only play the same games and go on the same rides so many times," Mike said. 
"Well it was nice talking with you," Zelda kissed him on the cheek. He could smell some appealing perfume on her. 
"I guess I'll be hearing from you," Mike waved good-bye and walked off feeling good about himself. 
A part of him kept worrying why Zelda needed the hundred dollars so badly the first night. It wasn't that much money, so what was the problem? Could she be being blackmailed for something? That possibility occurred to him. Mike shrugged off his thoughts and went back to his bike. 
He rode to Vito's for a couple slices of pizza, greedily devouring them and then went back home. The fog was lifting and the sun was beginning to shine. He heard some birds chirp as he went in his front door. 
His mother wasn't downstairs, but the TV was on. He looked around the room deciding what to do. He just now recalled what his mother had said before he left. A man paid her a thousand dollars to go to dinner and a play? That didn't sound right, especially for her. Mike wondered if that story was a cover-up. But it would only be a cover-up if she had been doing something worse. And he didn't want to think about that. 
He hadn't spoken to his father in about a year. He didn't know what to say if he called and definitely didn't want to push him about alimony. Mike sat on the couch and stared at the TV screen. A talk show was on. He rolled his eyes and grabbed the remote, changing the channel to music videos. 
His mother walked downstairs an hour later. 
"Hi, what do you want to do for dinner?" Wilma asked. 
"I don't know," Mike replied. 
"I can order pizza." 
"I just had pizza." 
"How about Chinese? I don't feel like cooking," Wilma said sleepily. 
"Okay," Mike didn't really feel like it, but was a terrible cook himself so had to settle for it. 
"The usual?" 
"Yes." 
Mike could hear his mother ordering the Chinese food. He continued to stare at the videos. When the delivery guy came, Mike shut off the TV and went to the kitchen. 
He didn't want to, but halfway through a silent meal, he asked, "So ma, about what you said to Bonnie. That wasn't really true, right? You were wearing jeans when you left, for starters." 
"I can take care of myself, Michael," his mom answered rather sternly. 
"But," Mike started to say something. 
"Don't worry. It's fine. This month's bills are covered and I'll get on your father's case as soon as I can get a hold of him," Wilma snapped. Mike shrugged and dropped it. He played with his food for a minute and then ate quickly. He just wanted to stay in his room for the rest of the night. 
Once upstairs, he listened to some CDs and then surfed the internet for an hour. He went to bed thinking about his upcoming date with Zelda, or Shauna. He knew he shouldn't get attached but even a few more hours would be a dream come true. After all, he hadn't had a real date since the prom. And that was over a year ago. Soon, he fell into a deep, contented sleep. 




Chapter 4


It was a cool but sunny Monday morning. Birds were chirping loudly as Mike woke up. Since he felt he got right out of bed. It was eight o'clock. Many mornings, especially school mornings, he had trouble getting out of bed. Maybe it was the excitement of his date with Zelda or maybe something else, but he was glad to be awake. 
He walked into the hall. His mother's door was closed. She was still sleeping. As he walked downstairs to pour himself cereal, he remembered that Shauna had his phone number, he didn't have hers. Maybe she wouldn't call him. Maybe she didn't care. But he told himself to stop being negative and just wait. It was early yet. He ate his breakfast silently and finished every crumb. 
Mike then went and turned on the TV and stretched out on the couch to watch morning talk shows. Wilma came downstairs a little after nine. She had dark circles under her eyes. 
"Morning," she mumbled. 
"Good morning," Mike said brightly. 
"What are you so cheerful about? You're usually like me in the morning," Wilma asked. 
"No reason," Mike shrugged. 
Wilma made herself waffles and ate them slowly. She almost seemed to be forcing herself to eat. The phone rang. Mike jumped up and snatched it just as Wilma was about to pick it up. She gave him a look, shrugged, and sat back down. 
"Hello?" Mike asked, expectantly. 
He was relieved to hear Shauna's voice say, "Is this Mike?" 
"Yes, Shauna?" 
"Hi, how are you this morning? Did I call too early?" 
"No, everything's fine. How are you?" 
"Okay," Shauna sighed. "So I was wondering if you wanted to show me around town today. I want to get away from this freakin carnival for a while." 
"I can imagine," Mike said. "Should I pick you up at the gate?" 
"Now?" 
"If you want," Mike said. 
"Okay. Be at the gate within half an hour," Shauna said and hung up. 
Mike hung up the phone and eagerly ran upstairs to change. He threw off and on his clothes, ran back downstairs, grabbed his jacket and keys and started for the door. 
"Where are you going?" Wilma asked. 
"To meet a girl," was all Mike said as he ran outside. 
Mike did have his own car, though it was very old and didn't run very well. Still, it was better nothing and he had paid for it himself. Other kids in his school had their parents buy them BMW's. His mother told him he was better off that didn't happen with him. 
Mike pulled out of the driveway and over to the carnival. Traffic was light that morning. The sun was shining and felt warm through the windshield. Mike arrived at the carnival grounds and pulled up on the grass where cars parked. Someone came running to meet him. 
It was Shauna, wearing jeans, a sweater, and a jean jacket. She still looked beautiful as always. She smiled at him and he opened the passenger door for her. Shauna got in eagerly. 
"Hi Mike," she said sweetly. 
"Hey, so where should I take you?" 
"I don't know. Anywhere is fine. Do you feel like breakfast?" 
"There's a diner in town I like," Mike suggested. "They have great omelettes." 
"Then it's a deal," Shauna adjusted her seat and stretched her feet out. 
They rode to the diner in near silence. 
"Quiet today, aren't you?" Shauna commented as Mike pulled into and parked in the diner lot. 
"I'm just thinking," Mike replied. 
"About what?" 
"If I told you, it would be thinking," Mike didn't want her to know he was thinking of asking her out for tomorrow, too. 
"Alright, smarty," Shauna smiled. They got out of the car and entered the diner. A bubbly teenage girl greeted them. 
"Hi. Table for two?" she asked. Mike recognized her from around school. 
"Yes," he replied. 
The hostess led them to a window booth, put down their menus, and said, "Your server will be right with you." 
"Thanks," Mike sat. 
Shauna opened her menu and perused it for a minute. 
"They have so much choice. What should I have?" she asked. 
"Do you feel like eggs or pancakes?" Mike tried to steer her in a direction. 
"I guess an omelette, but which one?" Shauna looked at the more than ten choices of omelettes. 
"I think I'll get the Western Omelette," Mike told her. 
"I guess I'll get the Colorado Omelette. I lived there for a few years," Shauna said. 
"Really? Did you like it? Did you go skiing?" Mike asked. 
"Yes and almost broke my leg," Shauna replied. The waitress came over and took their order. 
"So the carnival goes allover the country?" Mike asked a minute later. 
"Yes. I've been to every continental state." 
"Do you do it all year round?" 
"We take a break for a few months in the winter. And we spend a lot of time traveling," Shauna answered. 
"Seems like a lot of work to dissemble and reassemble everything. Do you have huge trucks to carry everything?" Mike asked. 
"I know it seems like a lot, but the owner prefers it that way. He doesn't want to stay in one place and see the same visitors forever," Shauna replied. 
"Who's the owner?" 
Shauna seemed distracted by something out the window. Mike looked and didn't see anything but a car driving slowly through the parking lot. He couldn't see who was inside. 
"Shauna?" 
"What?" she replied weakly. 
"Are you okay?" Mike asked, seeing a scared and almost distant look in Shauna's eye. Then Shauna suddenly snapped out of it and looked back at Mike. "Sorry, I do that sometimes." 
"Nothing's wrong?" Mike checked. 
"No, not at all," Shauna replied, though Mike had a feeling she was hiding something. 
Their meals came just then. Over the omelettes, Mike told Shauna how his one real friend was in Oregon now and he didn't get out as much as he would like. She seemed to sympathize. 
"But the carnival is like my family now, you know, so I guess I'm okay," Shauna told him. 
"Is Talos your friend?" Mike asked. 
"We don't talk much outside of the show. But he's protective if anyone bothers me. A couple times during the travels, some guys made passes at me. Suffice it to say Talos took care of them." 
"I guess you think I'm safe then?" Mike asked. 
"You gave me a hundred dollars for nothing. How bad could you be?" Shauna smiled and took a sip of juice. Mike just nodded. They talked a little bit more while finishing their meal, and then Shauna wanted to get going. 
"It's still early. We can get more done today," Shauna said as he led her to the exit. 
On the way, Mike noticed Bonnie sitting with one of her friends on the other side of the restaurant. Their eyes met for a moment. Mike felt embarrassed and smiled nervously. Then he led Shauna out the door and over to his car. 
"So what else should we do? You have to be back before the carnival opens again, right?" Mike asked in the car. 
"I don't know. Just drive around. Show me where you go to school," Shauna suggested. 
"Okay," Mike reversed out of the parking spot and pulled onto the main road. 
His college was set in the woods. It was on the small side, but the landscaping and architecture were impressive. It felt like a small, friendly university where you felt safe to walk alone at night. 
"Do you have class today?" Shauna asked. 
"No. School starts next Monday." 
"You're in your second year?" 
"You guessed it," Mike answered. 
He drove over to the college and parked by a shady area. 
"Do you want to walk around?" 
"Sure," Shauna said. 
Mike led her around the campus. There weren't many people yet, but starting Friday there would be loads of people during the day. He showed her the dining hall and commented that the food sucked, showed her the little theatre where the showed old movies or where the campus acting production put on shows. She seemed interested. 
"I never went to college. I wish I did. But I always hated studying, so I might not have done too well," Shauna sighed as she and Mike sat on a bench. 
"My grades are so-so. It's better than a minimum wage job, I guess," Mike sighed. 
"It's sad, isn't it?" Shauna suddenly leaned against him. 
"What is?" Mike asked. 
"That I have to leave in a couple days." 
"Do you want to keep in touch?" 
"We won't be stopping in the area again for almost a year. And I can't leave on my own." 
"Oh," Mike felt disappointed. 
"I'm having fun today, though," Shauna said. 
"I am too." 
The sun peeked from behind some clouds and shone directly on them. Mike wished the moment would last forever. "What?" Shauna asked softly while stroking Mike's leg. 
"What what?" Mike asked gently. 
"Why are you so quiet?" Shauna asked. 
"I don't know. I'm lonely," Mike said. 
"There's no one here at college you could get to know?" "People here already have their friends. I don't know where to start," Mike stated. 
"Start with me." 
"But you're leaving on Wednesday." 
"I know," Zelda sighed. She seemed to stare at something far away. Then she became nervous and suddenly said, "Can we go?" 
"Where?" 
"Take me back to my trailer. Please," Zelda begged. 
"Okay," Mike got off the bench. 
As he was driving, Zelda seemed agitated. He didn't want to ask about what. Maybe it was related to the hundred dollars. As he pulled into the parking area outside the carnival, he asked, "Do you want to meet again tomorrow?" 
"Maybe," Shauna replied quickly. 
"Call me," Mike said as Zelda quickly exited the vehicle and slammed the door behind her. 
'Was it something I said' Mike asked himself. He watched her run towards the entrance where an unfamiliar was waiting. He said something to her and Zelda threw her hands up in the air as if to say 'I can't deal with you'. Then the man led her by the arm out of sight. 
Mike wondered who the man was. Did he work for the carnival? Or was he someone else? Like a mobster? Mike pushed his worries aside and pulled out onto the road. He hoped Zelda would call. 
He parked in his driveway and hurried indoors. Wilma was watching soap operas. 
"Hi," she mumbled. 
"Hi," Mike replied still a little uncomfortable from where she said she had been the other night. 
Mike didn't like soap operas and wasn't feeling sociable so he went upstairs to play video games. During the day he heard the phone ring, but Wilma didn't come get him so it wasn't for him. He went downstairs about six. His mother was at the kitchen table reading a magazine. 
"I ordered pizza," she stated. 
"Great. Can never have enough," Mike forced a smile. 
"Bonnie called a while ago," Wilma said. 
"What did she want?" 
"She saw you at the diner with some girl," Wilma put the magazine down. "Care to share." 
"Someone 1 met recently, nothing major," Mike sighed. 
"From school?" Wilma asked. 
"No." 
"Where did you meet?" 
"At the carnival," Mike replied. 
"Does she live close by?" 
"No. She's part of the carnival," Mike really didn't want to tell her. 
"You're dating some carnie?" Wilma asked in a tone of disapproval. 
"Not dating. She's leaving Wednesday. We just started talking and she's a nice normal girl and..." Mike started to explain. 
"Maybe I'd like to meet her," Wilma said in a tone more commanding than suggesting. 
'Maybe I'd like to meet the man you're escorting' Mike thought to himself resentfully. But instead he replied, "I don't know.  I may never see her again after Wednesday." 
"Oh," Wilma picked the paper back up and started reading. 
That was that. Mike waited for the pizza to arrive. He devoured three slices without saying a word and then went upstairs to read. There weren't many novels he liked but he had started one the week before and had put it aside temporarily. 
The rest of the night was uneventful. Shauna didn't call. Wilma stayed home. Mike went to bed with mixed emotions. He felt something when Zelda was around. Something chemical. He was old enough to know that didn't happen with everyone. Too bad it wouldn't work out. He fell asleep and dreamt of his childhood. 
In the middle of the night, the phone startled him awake. He jumped up, disoriented from the dream that had been interrupted. He had a separate line in his room mainly for his modem and he hardly ever used his bedroom phone so he was shocked he was getting a call. 
Hesitantly he picked up the receiver and said, "Hello." 
No one answered. He heard some static and it he thought he heard someone breathing but he wasn't sure. 
"Hello?" Mike repeated. 
No one responded. Just more distant sounding noises and then a click and a dial tone. 
'What was that about?' Mike asked himself as he put the phone back in its place. 
At first he thought it was some kids from school pranking him, then a suspicion that bothered him creeped into his head. It might be the guys Zelda said were after her. Could they have tracked him down? He hoped not. He lay back down and tried to clear his head. A nervous feeling kept him awake for another hour and then he fell back to sleep. 

Chapter 5

 
Mike's sleep was poor during the night. He woke up and fell back to sleep a couple times. Around seven-thirty he just decided to get out of bed. As he came out of the shower and was dressing, he heard the TV go on downstairs. His mother must be up too. 
He brushed his teeth quickly and walked down. 
"Morning," he said uneasily. 
"Mmmpf," his mother mumbled, staring blankly at the television. 
Mike went into the kitchen and was about to have cereal when he suddenly felt like having a real breakfast out. So he went for his car keys and jacket. "Going out this early?" Wilma questioned. "I feel like bacon and eggs." "I could make that," Wilma suggested. "I feel like buying it," Mike responded and left the house without another explanation. 
He drove to a Perkins and got a table by himself. 
"Hi, can I get you anything to drink?" a middle aged waitress with tired eyes asked him. "A coffee," Mike replied. The waitress nodded and walked away. Mike began to think about Shauna. What was happening to her? He really liked her and wished for more time, but his rational side told him to forget it. He didn't want to get involved in someone else's trouble. He had enough problems of his own. On the other hand, he felt something, like a spiritual connection. He was young, but around enough to know that good friends are hard to find. 
"Are you ready to order?" the waitress startled him and he jumped slightly. 
She eyed him momentarily. Mike quickly ordered bacon, eggs, and hash browns. 
He ate his food greedily and then took the scenic route back to his house. As soon as he stepped in the door, Wilma walked over and said, "That carnival girl called for you. She sounded disappointed when I told her you were out." 
"Did she leave a number?" 
"She just asked if you would stop by the carnival when you got a chance and she'd find you." 
"Great!" Mike said and started back out the door. 
"Michael!" his mom said sternly. 
"Yes?" he turned around, half ashamed. 
"I'd like to meet this girl." 
"She's leaving tomorrow." 
"I'd still like to meet her," Wilma said in a gentle order. 
"Maybe I can bring her by later," Mike smiled and walked out the door. He secretly wished someone would lecture about her about being an escort but he was only nineteen so he couldn't be the one to do it. Mike got to the carnival in fifteen minutes and parked on the grass. 
He hurried over to the entrance. Joe nodded indifferently and let him through the gate. Zelda wasn't by the entrance. He wondered if she was in her trailer or if he should even try looking there. 
He asked a woman walking past, "Where's Zelda?" 
"I'm not sure, dear," the woman brushed him off and kept walking. 
Mike sighed. Suddenly he remembered something. The fortune telling machine had told him he would meet someone special. And he did. Sort of. And the next day, Shauna said it was broken. Feeling unsettled, he hurried over and found it. 
He still had some left over tickets so he inserted one. The head rocked back and forth and the lights flashed. Madame Gira let out a startling cackle and then a card similar to the one the first night popped out of a slot. 
Heart pounding, Mike took it. 
'You will soon go on a great adventure' the card simply read. 
Mike stood there uneasily a few moments. What did that mean? After thinking it over, he decided the first night was just a coincidence and this time it didn't mean anything. He put the card in his pocket and walked around toward the magician's tent. He would check there first. 
As soon as he got close, Zelda came out of the entrance. She smiled when she saw him. She was wearing a blue sweater, jeans, and sneakers. She still looked beautiful. 
"Hi Mike," she gave him a quick hug, which he assumed was just friendly. 
"Hi," he grinned. 
"I'm glad I could see you again," she said. 
"What time do you leave tomorrow?" he asked. 
"Late. Almost midnight," Shauna relied. 
That meant another possible day to see her, Mike thought to himself. 
"So a couple people here want to meet you," Shauna said. 
"Okay," Mike agreed. 
"Follow me," Shauna led him across the grounds and over to a large tent near the food stands. 
Mike entered to find several of the carnival members sitting on couches or chairs that were on the bare grass. The woman in the burlesque uniform who had brushed past him met his gaze and nodded. Mike looked around. There was a guy and girl midget, Olga, a woman who was obviously a transsexual, and others that had some distinguishing feature. 
"Don't be shy. Come in," Shauna said, noticing Mike stare. 
Mike stepped forward hesitantly. 
"A true gentleman. A dying breed these days," the woman who had been wearing the burlesque uniform but was now wearing regular clothes approached him and held out her hand. 
Mike shook it. 
"Hi," the male midget also approached and shook his hand. He had a look in his eye like he was expecting Mike to make a comment about his height. Mike just nodded politely. 
"Well why don't y'all introduce yourselves?" Shauna suggested to the room. 
''I'm Brett," the male midget said. 
"Sharla," the female midget nodded at him. 
"You already know I'm Olga," Olga waved. 
"Dionne," the transsexual said in a mannish voice. 
"Rhonda," the woman who did the burlesque act said. 
"Greta," a woman with tattoos all over her entire body said. 
The last person in the room just smiled and waved. 
"He's Rory. He doesn't speak," Shauna told Mike. 
Mike felt a little uncomfortable but tried not to show it. 
"And..." Shauna motioned to Mike, indicating she wanted him to say his name. 
"Hi. I'm Mike," Mike waved. 
"Hi!" several members of the room said. 
Mike wasn't sure what was going to happen next. 
"So what's your story?" Dionne asked. 
"What do you mean?" Mike asked. 
"Only someone with a story would want to associate with one of us," Dionne gave him a knowing look. "I don't know. Nothing really. I just don't have friends except one who moved three thousand miles away. And my sister...," Mike started. 
"Good enough," Dionne cut his speech short. 
Mike wasn't sure what to say next. 
"Don't scare him away, Dee," Sharla scolded. "We're just trying to make a living in one of the few places that can truly accept us." 
"You know what I'm sick of?" Rhonda interjected. "So many people in this country acting like you're a bad person if something's physically wrong with you or if there's a little dysfunction in your family. Like kick people when they're down, why don't you?" She noticed Mike looking. "Sorry, that issue's a little personal to me." 
"How do you feel about that, Mike?" Dionne asked. 
"I know what you're saying. Everyone at my school ignores me," Mike told her. 
"Why?" 
"I don't know. My sister ran off, my parents are divorced, ...," Mike started. 
"Does that make you a bad person?" Dionne asked. 
"No," Mike replied. 
"Exactly," Dionne said. 
Mike had always been uncomfortable around drag queens or transvestites or transsexuals. But there was a certain fierceness in Dionne's eyes. He wondered what she had been through. 
"Well Mike, what do you want to do today?" Shauna asked. 
"My mom asked if she could meet you. Maybe dinner?" Mike suggested. 
"1'd love to," Shauna said and started to lead Mike back outside. 
He waved good-bye. Some of the carnival members waved back. 
"What did you think of the group?" Shauna asked. 
"Wow. I guess we're pretty lucky," Mike replied. 
"Yeah," Shauna sighed. 
There was a moment's silence and Mike suddenly said, "Should we call my house so my mom can plan something?" "We can use the phone in the manager's office," Shauna said and once again led him away from the main area of the carnival. The manager's office looked like a shack but the inside was nicer than Mike expected. Shauna led Mike to a phone. "Hi mom," Mike said after his mother picked up. "Yes?" "Shauna's free for dinner. Is that okay?" 
"Sure. I'd like that very much. See you later," Wilma said and hung up. 
"She said sure," Mike told Shauna. As they walked back outside, Shauna asked, "You seem nice and mature for your age. 
Why don't you have friends?" "Something about me's unlikeable, I guess," Mike replied. "Don't say that," Shauna said and then added, "Why? Because of your family problems?" "And my car's old and dumpy," Mike added, trying to make it sound light. 
"Well you don't need people like that," Shauna said. 
"Yeah," Mike felt like Shauna was the first girl that truly understood him. "So what do you want to do until dinner?" 
"I don't know, what do you want to do?" 
"Take me somewhere in town. Please." "Okay," Mike though it would be good for his reputation to be seen with her. She was breathtaking even in jeans. He drove her to a nearby mall. Several people looked at them as they walked around. "I wish I could afford this," Shauna stopped to look at some dresses in a store window. 
"You have nice dresses," Mike said. 
"But they're not mine." 
"Yo Mikey! What are you doing?" a voice startled them. Mike turned around to see one of the popular kids in school approach. 
"Is this loser bothering you, miss?" he said and stood uncomfortably close to Shauna. 
"No, but you are," Shauna retorted. 
"What?" 
"I only see one loser here and it's not Mike," Shauna snapped. 
"What is this, your cousin or something?" the guy, Dean, indignantly turned to Mike. Mike stood there nervously. He wasn't good at confrontations. "You pay her or what? I don't get it," Dean snorted and looked at the two of them. 
"Excuse me," Shauna pulled Mike away and they walked off without looking back. "What a jerk," Shauna commented when they were out of Dean's hearing range. 
"He has friends," Mike pointed out as if to say nice guys finish last. 
"Well I'd like to be your friend," Shauna said to him. 
"But you don't live here." 
"Maybe I could visit sometime," Shauna suggested. Mike nodded. The one girl who was interested in him and there was a barrier. He sighed. They browsed the mall for a couple hours, not buying anything, and then Mike drove back to his house. 
Mike pulled into the driveway and took a deep breath. "Nervous?" Shauna asked him. 
"No. My mom's really cool. You'll like her," Mike dismissed her suggestion. They exited the car and walked up to the front door. As soon as they stepped in the smell of meat and potatoes greeted them. 
The immediate rooms were empty but the oven was on and obviously cooking something. Wilma came downstairs before they could ask where she was. Mike noticed she looked better than she had in several months. 
"Hi," Wilma forced a smile. 
"Hi. Mom, this is Shauna," Mike said. 
Shauna approached and held out her hand. "You can call me Wilma," Wilma told her. "Nice to meet you." "So I'm making lamb and roast potatoes. Is that okay with you two?" Wilma asked. 
"Sounds delicious," Shauna commented. Mike nodded. "Can I get you a drink?" Mike could tell Wilma was forcing herself to be polite but he could see the disapproval. 
"Some diet soda if you have it," Shauna replied. 
Wilma then went to pour a glass of diet soda for Shauna and regular for Mike. She returned and handed it to them. "So sit down. It'll be ready in about an hour," Wilma stated. Mike led Shauna to the living room couch. Wilma sat in a recliner. "So you work for the carnival, Mike tells me?" Wilma cut right to the point. 
"Yes. I assist with the magic act," Shauna smiled politely. 
"Are you traveling the whole year?" Wilma asked. 
"We take periodic breaks for a few weeks here and there," Shauna replied. "But you have no real address?" 
"Mom," Mike interrupted. 
"Sorry. So where are you from?" 
"I was born in Arizona but my family moved a couple times while I was growing up." 
"How long have you been doing your magic act?" 
"Three years," Shauna replied, starting to wonder how long she would be grilled. "May I ask how old you are?" Wilma asked. 
"Twenty-three." 
"Twenty-three," Wilma repeated the number slowly. "Well some people in my family have up to a ten year age difference so I guess that doesn't matter." 
Mike was beginning to feel uncomfortable. His mother obviously disapproved. 
Wilma shot Mike a look and said "I have to check dinner a minute. Excuse me." She got up and walked into the kitchen. Shauna smiled uncomfortably. She didn't want to say much since Wilma was still within hearing distance. "If you two want to watch the TV, that's fine!" Wilma called as she was working in the kitchen. Mike shrugged and grabbed the remote. When he lingered on a daytime soap opera, Shauna said, "Oh let's watch this." Mike didn't care for soap operas but he wanted to be a good host so he put the remote down. 
They watched the show in near silence, once in a while commenting about something one of the actors said. Wilma returned for ten minutes and then left the room again. Dinner was ready at precisely ten of five. 
"Need any help setting up?" Shauna offered. 
"That's polite, but I can handle it," Mike's mother answered. 
Mike sat at his usual seat and Shauna sat next to him. As Wilma set everything out, Mike remembered how good a cook she was. When everything was set up, she said, in." 
Shauna served herself first, followed by Mike, and then Wilma. 
"So you know Mike's going to college in town?" Wilma started a conversation. 
"He showed me," Shauna replied. 
"Oh, well," Wilma replied. "So have you gone to college?" 
"No. 1 never went." 
"Are you thinking about it?" 
"Not at the moment," Shauna answered. 
"Mike has to decide a major this year. I hope he picks something he can excel at," Wilma stated. 
"Do you have any choices in mind?" Shauna turned to Mike. 
"I don't know. Maybe computer science or economics," Mike replied. 
"Computer scientists make good money," Wilma said. 
"But don't they work crazy hours?" Mike expressed his reservations. 
"But if you enjoy it, so what? You're on your computer for hours sometimes," 
Wilma said. 
"I know. But sometimes I think I wouldn't like it for the same reason I wouldn't want to be a doctor. Knowing how the inside worked in such detail might make me like it less, 1don't know." 
Shauna smiled. "That's an interesting reason." 
Mike looked at her. "Thanks." 
They finished their meal with general conversation. At times there was an uncomfortable silence. Mike could tell Shauna was starting to feel she wasn't welcome. After they were finished and the plates were cleared Mike didn't feel like sticking around. "I guess 1better get Shauna back," he said, going for his coat. 
"Might as well," Wilma said. 
Shauna and Mike started for the door. As Shauna was walking out with Mike behind her, his mother called "Mike can you come here a minute before you leave?" 
Shauna hesitated and Mike told her to wait by the car. 
"Yes," he asked, walking back inside. 
"Mike, I know you like this girl, but just keep your head, OK?" 
"I will." 
"Are you seeing her tomorrow too?" 
"It's her last day here so 1 might," Mike said. 
Wilma rolled her eyes. "Okay," she sighed and turned her attention back to the dishes. Mike returned to the door and went outside. As soon as they were out of the driveway, Shauna said, "I think she hates me." "She doesn't hate you," Mike rolled his eyes. 
"I could tell she doesn't want you to see me," Shauna sighed. 
"You're leaving tomorrow at midnight, aren't you?" Mike said and then remembered something. "You didn't have a performance tonight, did you?" "No. There's another act in that tent tonight," Shauna answered. Mike made his way through town. Somewhere along the way a car got behind them and was following rather close. Mike made a few turns and the car made all the same turns as well. Shauna began to look agitated. Mike started to get a nervous feeling in his stomach. 
He stopped at a light and all of a sudden the car swerved past them, running the red light. There were three men in the car and they glared at Mike and Shauna as the car passed. Shauna pretended not to notice. 
"What was that about?" Mike said aloud when the car was off in the distance. 
"I don't know." Shauna answered hurriedly. 
"Are those the guys you had to give the hundred dollars to?" Mike began to see a picture forming. 
"I don't know. Just take me back." Shauna looked around nervously. The light turned green and Mike drove forward. 
"No or you don't know?" Mike was worried and compassionate at the same time. 
"Mike, can we just have a pleasant evening?" Shauna raised her voice a little. "I'm leaving tomorrow anyway so it doesn't matter." 
Mike knew she was right. He didn't say another word till he arrived at the carnival. It was open already and full of eager patrons ready to enjoy the carnival's last night in town. 
"So is this good-bye?" Mike turned off the engine. 
"Maybe I can see you tomorrow for a short time," Shauna answered. 
"Do you have a way I can contact you?" Mike asked. 
"You mean after I leave?" 
"Yeah." 
"I don't know. Sometimes the schedule changes. I'll let you know," Shauna turned to face him. "Mike, you're a really nice guy," she took his hand. "But this carnival is my life right now and your life is going to college here. I know you say girls at your school ignore you, but if they knew what they were missing, they'd be lining up." 
"Thanks," Mike blushed. 
She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Bye," she said and got out of the car. Mike watched her leave. As soon as she was gone into the crowd, Mike turned his car back on and rode home silently. 



Chapter 6


The next morning, Mike was startled awake by the phone at 8:30. He rubbed his face making sure he wasn't dreaming. The phone kept on ringing. He was obviously awake. Groggily, he reached over and answered it. 
"Yeah, this is Dean. You show your face at school next week, you're gonna get it," a menacing voice growled. 
"What?" Mike was making sure he heard correctly. 
"You heard me. And your little girlfriend won't be able to protect you either. Later, loser," Dean growled and hung up. 
Mike felt like punching him through the phone. He was sick of all this immature nonsense. How did Dean even get his number? He had a right to talk to other people, including girls. Bullies like Dean were just assholes in respected people's clothing. But Mike knew he couldn't stand up to Dean's face. He wished he was bigger so people wouldn't mess with him. 
Since he was awake, he decided to get out of bed. As he was showering and getting ready, he thought about his current situation. He wasn't happy at school. No one there acted like he mattered. Zelda, however, cared about what he had to say. But there were men after her for some reason and he didn't want them after him as well. Despite all that, he would still be willing to see Zelda one last time. 
He walked downstairs, quickly made some waffles and ate them and then turned on the TV. He watched cartoons for hours and barely noticed when his mother came downstairs. She silently went in the kitchen and made herself coffee. 
After awhile he got bored of the TV and shut it off. He was hoping Shauna would call but she hadn't. Maybe he should go see her, or maybe he should leave it at last night. 
"Mike, I'm going out again tonight," he mother caught his eye and gave him a look like he better not ask her to elaborate. But he knew where she was going. To get a thousand dollars to accompany a gentleman somewhere. 
Mike nodded, feeling resentful inside. 
"So are you okay to make yourself dinner?" 
"Sure," Mike suddenly decided to go the carnival. He didn't approve of what his mother was doing so he didn't care if she didn't approve of Shauna. "I'm going out," he said and left without another word. 
When he got into his car, something caught his eye and he was relieved. One of Shauna's earrings was on the passenger floor. He picked it up and examined it. Now he definitely had a reason to go see her. 
He got to the carnival quickly and hurried over to the entrance. 
"You must be applying for a job, am I right?" Joe commented as he walked past. 
Mike just gave a nervous look in response. 
"Go on ahead, son," Joe rolled his eyes and waved him past. 
He bumped into Olga near the Ferris wheel. 
"Olga?" he said. 
"Hi, Mike," Olga waved cheerfully. 
"Do you know where Zelda is?" he asked. 
"Sorry to say I don't." 
"Okay. Thanks anyway," Mike hurried past her. 
As he was walking past the magician's tent he heard voices. One of them was definitely Zelda. He nervously peeked in to see Shauna and Lara standing up, talking to each other. The conversation continued for a minute before they noticed him. 
Mike's eyes met Shauna's and she looked nervous. 
"Mike, what are you doing here?" she asked. 
"Uh, you dropped this in my car," he reached into his pocket and produced the earring. She walked over and gently took it out of his hand. "Thanks, but I don't know if you should be here." 
"I know. I just wanted to see you." 
Zelda looked nervous. "Can you follow me?" 
Mike nodded. Lara gave him a nod and excused herself from the tent. 
Zelda once again led him back to her dressing room and closed the door tightly. 
"Is something wrong?" 
"Mike, you're a nice guy and I don't want you to get hurt." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Those guys found out you were the one who gave me the hundred and let's say they're not happy about it." 
"But they got their money." 
"You don't know these people. Believe me, you'll be safer when the carnival's gone. And if anyone else asks, you don't know anything about the money." 
Mike didn't know how to react. "Are you in danger from them?" he asked hesitantly. 
"I'm a big girl. And I have my friends here to help," Zelda replied. 
"May I ask if it's a gambling debt? Are they mobsters?" Mike felt worried for her and wished he could do something. 
"Don't ask so many questions," Zelda quickly replied. "I'll remember your kindness, really. But you should go back to school and make a life here." 
"But you're not even telling me what's going on. That makes me feel, I don't know, worse because I don't know what to think of you," Mike hesitated. "Is it something illegal?" 
"No. Now I have to do some things before we leave tonight," Zelda led him out the door. "Thanks for giving a lonely carnival girl some company." 
Mike felt a little insulted as Shauna led him out of the tent. Why was she being so short with him all of a sudden? As Shauna went back into the depths of the tent and he was left standing on the grass outside, Mike felt a tear come to his eye. Would it ever work out with someone? 
He slowly trudged back to the entrance, feeling lousy. Why did he have so many problems? He prayed to himself that he would find a connection with someone else, even if it wasn't a classmate. He was tired of being his own best friend. 
As Mike drove home, someone pulled up behind him and started honking repeatedly even though he wasn't doing anything. At first he thought it was the people after Shauna, but then looked in the rearview mirror and recognized some kids from school in the car. They honked loudly and tailgated him for a mile. Finally, he just had to pullover. They drove past laughing. 
Where did people get off thinking they could be so mean to him? He never did anything to them. His only crime was having a dysfunctional family. He sighed and tried to stay calm. As he was going back home, he began to think about dropping out of school. He couldn't stand the people. They were as bad as high schoolers, most of them. But then what would he do? He knew most jobs that didn't require college were low paying and the cost of living was high in Connecticut. 
Mike walked in the door feeling agitated. His mother was laying down watching television. He walked past and went upstairs without a word. He turned on the computer, surfed the internet for a while, and then played a video game. Around quarter of six, his mom knocked on the door. 
He turned around to see her wearing make-up, jewelry, and a nice dress. 
"I'll be home before bed. See you," she said knowingly. 
"Okay," Mike replied. 
She turned around and closed the door behind her. He felt angry. Couldn't she get a job? Not one that paid a thousand a night, he then remarked to himself. 
He continued to play the game for forty minutes after he heard the front door downstairs open and close. Then he shut down his computer and went downstairs. He thought about Shauna. In a few hours, she would be leaving for Buffalo and he'd never see her again. He wanted to know more about her, especially why she was in trouble. But it didn't look like it was going to work out. 
He poured himself a soda and then searched through his DVD collection to find one he wouldn't mind rewatching. He settled on a horror flick. He turned off the lights, put in the DVD, and pressed play. Scary music filled the room. He had seen the movie already so he wasn't going to be surprised this time, but the first time he saw it he had jumped in fright several times. 
The movie started and Mike forgot about his life for the time being. During a scary sequence, the phone rang. Mike jumped and almost dropped his soda which he had been taking a sip of. Realizing it was just someone calling; he put the soda can down, and walked over to the phone. 
"Hello?" he asked, with screams from the TV in the background. 
"Mike?" It was Shauna. She sounded afraid. 
"Yes. What is it?" Mike asked. 
"Can you come get me? I think they're going to kill me." 
Mike felt his heart race. "Who?" 
"Those guys. Please. Can you? I don't think they know where you live. I'll decide what to do next when you get me." "Sure, where are you?" Mike didn't mind doing a favor for her at all. "I'll meet you by the house of mirrors. And come quick," Mike knew Shauna wouldn't do this unless it was serious. 
He hurried over to the TV and turned it off and then quickly grabbed his coat and keys and raced out the door. His heart was pounding as he headed over to the carnival. The full moon shone brightly in the cloudless sky above him as if it was an omen. 
He parked in his usual spot and raced to the entrance. There were a lot of workers around. He guessed they were preparing to dissemble everything and move it away. He had noticed several tractor trailers on the grass some distance from the main area. 
Shauna brightened when she saw Mike. They both ran the rest of the distance over to each other. 
"Thanks for coming. I don't know what I would have done otherwise," Shauna hugged him quickly and then pulled away. 
"My mom's not home but do you really think it's safer at my house?" 
"Definitely. I found my trailer ransacked right before I called you," Shauna told him. 
"Can you tell me what's happening so I'm not left in the dark?" Mike hoped for some answers. 
"Not here. Let's go, quickly. And try to be discrete," Shauna began to lead Mike to the parking lot. All of a sudden she panicked, and said, "Uh oh. We have to go the other way." 
"What?" 
"I see one of them," Shauna said. 
"Did he spot us?" 
"I don't know," Shauna replied. 
"Maybe we can hide in the House of Mirrors," Mike suggested. 
"Not there. But you gave me an idea," Shauna said. "And talk softer." Shauna led Mike by the hand to the back of the carnival. Several times, she looked behind her. 
"Uh-oh, they see us," Shauna suddenly gasped. 
"What do we do?" Mike began to panic. 
"Follow me," Shauna said and led him to the haunted house. They ducked into the flap without getting on the motorized cart.  Mike got a feeling of déjà-vu as he saw the glowing masks on the wall. The first time, he thought it was lame. This time, they freaked him out. 
"Come on," Shauna led him into the next room with the witch stirring her cauldron. 
Mike was expecting her to lead him to the room with the werewolf next but instead she went behind the witch and over to the back wall. She pressed a concealed button and a secret panel opened. 
"In here," she ordered. 
Mike took a deep breath, looked behind him and went through the panel. The room was dimly lit and looked like a storage space. There were some crates stacked against one wall. Dust was everywhere. 
He looked to see Shauna behind him. She closed the panel door and they were alone in the haunted house's secret room. 
"Do those guys know about this place?" Mike made sure they were safe. 
"No," Shauna replied and grabbed his arm. "Quiet. I think I hear them." 
They were as silent as a mouse. Mike's heart was pounding. This was the most exciting thing that ever happened to him. Him, little Mike rescuing a beautiful girl from danger. He smiled to himself. They both heard two or three male voices get louder and then fade. A few minutes after they couldn't hear anything, Mike asked, "Is it safe?" 
"There's a back door we should use. Feel like walking?" 
"What do you mean?" 
"They'll definitely be checking the entrance. We should sneak out the back and circle around to your car," Shauna whispered. "Are you sure that's the best thing to do?" 
"Positive," Shauna replied. 
"Shauna," Mike said. 
"Yes?" 
He reached over and gently kissed her on the lips. He could feel her surprise and then she kissed back. He touched her hair with his right arm. Suddenly, she pulled away. 
"We shouldn't stay back here too much longer. The workers will be taking it down in about an hour," she said and walked over to a door on the right wall. She opened it and now Mike guessed they were behind the werewolf's room. He saw a door to outside on the back wall. 
Shauna walked over and cautiously opened the door and peeked outside. 
"Coast's clear. Let's go," Shauna said and stepped out. 
The cool night breeze greeted Mike as he stepped out the secret exit of the haunted house. In front of him was nothing but the woods and darkness. "Let's go into the woods aways," Shauna said hurriedly. 
"Not to deep though," Mike was feeling a little unsure of what was going to happen next. 
"Of course," Shauna ran the distance over to the start of the trees and Mike followed. Twigs cracked under their feet as they stepped into the cover of trees. Mike knew these woods went for about half a mile until coming out behind a department store. They turned left and made their way through the foliage. 
"What will we do when we get to my place? Should we call the cops?" Mike asked. 
"No. Don't call the cops. And we'll discuss it in the car," Shauna replied. 
The walk around the woods seemed to take forever. Mike's heart pounded the whole time. After an amount of time Mike couldn't count, they emerged near the road that led into the carnival. Mike was glad he had parked near the back and away from the entrance. 
His car was a hundred feet away. He and Shauna hurried over to it. As he was getting in, he took one last look at the carnival. He wondered what other secrets it held. But he had so many questions about Shauna. Silently, he opened the door for her and hoped no one saw them. The few people near the entrance didn't appear to notice them. 
Mike pulled away without turning on his headlights. When they were on the main road, he turned his headlights on and looked over to his passenger. She seemed to be relieved. 
"Did you really think they were going to kill you?" he asked her. 
"Yes. I'm sure," she replied. 
"But then they could be caught and sent to jail." 
"That wouldn't happen," Shauna replied. 
Mike didn't press the issue but instead turned on the radio. As they were nearing his street, Shauna said, "Mike?" 
"Yes?" 
"You wouldn't want to hide out in another town for a couple days, would you?" 
"Where?" 
"I don't know. Just till the carnival's long packed up and gone. Those men might be scouting the area." 
Mike took a deep breath and thought it over. 
"Do you have a credit card?" Shauna asked. 
"Yes." 
"What's the limit?" 
"Low. Like three thousand," Mike replied. 
"I have like eight thousand on mine. Is it asking too much?" Shauna looked at him. 
"To get a hotel somewhere for a couple nights?" 
"Yes," Shauna replied. 
"I guess we could," Mike suddenly felt all grown up. Staying in hotels with a girl. 
But what would he tell his mother? As he pulled into his driveway, he thought it over. Maybe it would serve her right for selling herself, though she claimed she wasn't having sex. Mike and Shauna hurried out of the car and up the front steps. Mike opened the door and Shauna hurried in. 
"You don't have any change of clothes," Mike suddenly realized. 
"That's okay. Get some for yourself," Shauna said hurriedly. 
Mike hesitated and looked nervous. 
"Do you really want to do this?" 
"I don't want those men to get you," Mike replied. 
"Thanks. I'll pay you back one day, I swear," Shauna said. 
"I'll get some things," Mike hurried upstairs. 
He found a suitcase and threw several changes of clothes in as fast as he could. Then he got underwear and some toiletries and zipped the bag shut. He lugged it downstairs to find Shauna pacing. 
"We'll be back in a couple days, right?" he asked. 
"I hope so," Shauna answered. 
"What will you do then?" Mike asked. 
"I can't think about that right now," Shauna replied. 
"Let me just leave a note," Mike said and walked over to the kitchen pad. 
He wrote 'Morn. Going to help Shauna for a couple days. I'll call soon." He ripped the paper off the pad and put it on the table. Then he quickly went back and added the word 'Sorry.' 
He stood there looking at the note. He thought it was appropriately written. 
"Ready?" Shauna asked. 
"If you are," Mike grabbed his suitcase and followed Shauna to the front door. 
Mike hoped Shauna knew what she was doing. Whether she did or not, this was the most exciting thing that happened to him ever. He stepped out into the night, took an unsure look back into his house, and closed the door behind him. 




Chapter 7


Mike's drove his car toward the highway. Noticing a faint drizzle starting to fall through his headlights, he turned on the wipers. He looked over at Shauna. She seemed to be relieved to be getting away. 
"So where are we going?" Mike asked. 
"The carnival will be going through upstate New York to Buffalo so I think we should go to Northern New Jersey for the night," Shauna suggested. 
"Any place in particular?" Mike asked. 
"When we see somewhere, we'll stop," Shauna simply replied. 
Mike nodded. She owed him some answers. Especially if he continued to help her like this.  But instead he turned the radio up and drove silently. 
Mike checked his rearview mirror several times. No one seemed to be following them. There were several tractor trailers driving close to them, but there was no way they could be the carnival's. 
Mike had been to New York City and upstate New York several times. But he wasn't too familiar with New Jersey. He hoped Shauna was. The few hour drive seemed to take forever. Mike guessed it was almost midnight when they finally reached the New Jersey State line. 
“Off the highway soon," Shauna told him. 
"Okay," Mike said agreeably. 
He pulled off at the next exit and drove onto unfamiliar roads. There were lots of mountains and trees in this part of the state. Mike had heard of several camps in the area. "Should we go to Camp Crystal Lake?" Mike tried to make a joke. 
"What?" Shauna seemed confused. 
"Camp Crystal Lake. Where Jason killed all the camp counselors," Mike smiled. 
"Great. Just what I need to think of when we're being chased," Shauna said disapprovingly. 
"Sorry," Mike said. 
“It really is near here though, right?" Shauna asked. 
"Yeah. I've never been there." 
"Well it's not something on my list of priorities right now," Shauna replied. 
The road they were on was nothing but woods. Mike hoped for some signs of life soon. After about ten minutes, they hit a town. There were a few restaurants, a few stores, and an office building. 
"Should I stop at a gas station and ask where a hotel is?" Mike asked. 
"Please." 
Mike found a gas station and pulled in. A bearded man reading a newspaper didn't look up as they parked. He continued to read. Mike honked his horn. The man looked up, then down again for half a minute, then put his paper down as if he was being bothered and slowly wandered over. 
"What can I do for you folks?" he asked. 
"Where can we find a hotel?" Mike asked. 
The man eyed his Connecticut license plate. "You kids a little far from home, heh?" 
"Please mister, we just need to find a hotel," Shauna begged. 
"Alright, alright. Well you turn around and go back the way you came for a little under a mile and make a right at Oak Street. You follow that to the second traffic light, make a right, follow the curves in the road and you'll hit one." 
"Thank you," Shauna replied. 
The man eyed them suspiciously as Mike pulled away from him and back onto the road. 
"Any game plan once we get there?" Mike asked Shauna. 
"I don't know. Let's just find it first," Shauna replied. 
Mike followed the directions. After he made the turn at the light, he almost thought he was lost, the road was so curvy. But finally the trees cleared out and there was a Ramada on his right. Mike pulled into the lot which had plenty of vacancies. The hotel was three stories with a restaurant attached. 
He parked and turned off his headlights. He and Shauna got out of the car in silence. Mike got his bag from the trunk and they walked through the doors to the lobby. An elderly woman with glasses eyed them as they approached. 
"Hi, we need a room," Mike said. 
"One or two?" the woman asked in a motherly tone. 
"One with two beds," Mike said and then looked to Shauna to make sure that's what she wanted. "Is that okay?" 
"Yes. Two rooms would cost too much. And I'll pay." 
"Are you sure?" 
"I'm the one making you do this. And older," Shauna reached for her wallet. 
The woman eyed their conversation and when they stopped to look at her, went for the room keys. "I'll give you room 322 on the third floor. Two queen size beds," she said. Shauna nodded and gave the woman her credit card. The woman took it, scanned it, and had Shauna sign for the room. 
"Okay, Miss Meloden. And guest," the woman paused as she handed Shauna the keys. "Checkout is by four if you're not staying tomorrow night, too." 
"Thank you," Shauna took the keys and started walking away. 
Mike smiled uncomfortably. He could tell the lady was thinking he was too young for this. But he felt mature enough. He followed Shauna into the elevator. They took it to the third floor and found their room. 
Shauna inserted the card key in the lock and pushed open the door. The room was a typical sized hotel room with a big television and nice bathroom on the right when you walk in. Shauna went over to the window. It looked out over a mountain, which was currently as dark as could be. 
"Are you going to sleep in your clothes?" Mike asked as he put his suitcase down on the bed near the bathroom. 
"Yes. I'll buy something to change into tomorrow." 
"Suit yourself," Mike shrugged. 
"I'm tired. I'm going to go to bed and worry about what to do in the morning," Shauna stretched out on her bed. "Don't you think it's time you gave me a hint about what's going on?" Mike begged. "Then you could be in as much danger as I am." "I already ran away with you. Come on," Mike begged. 
"In the morning. Let's have one night of peace. Tomorrow you might decide to go back home and strand me here," Shauna caught his eye. 
“I wouldn't do that," Mike told her gently. 
"Tomorrow," Shauna made up her mind. 
Mike sighed and opened his bag. He took out his sweatpants and toothbrush. 
"I need a shower," he said. 
"Okay," Shauna replied. 
Mike took his things into the bathroom, took off his clothes, and got into the shower. He turned the water on and made it hot. It felt good beating against his skin. Despite what other people might say, he knew he could trust Shauna. It was a shame she was in trouble. She was so nice and pretty. 
He stayed under the water for ten minutes, washing himself well. Then he shut off the water and got out onto the mat. He put on his sweatpants and T-shirt and brushed his teeth thoroughly. He went back into the room to find Shauna under the covers, on her side turned away from him. 
He pulled back the covers on his bed. 
"Are you asleep?" he called to her. 
She mumbled something in response. 
He knew he wouldn't get any more out of her that night. Hoping tomorrow would bring some answers, he got under the covers and then reached over and shut out the light. The room was pitch black except for the red numbers from the TV and alarm clock. 
Mike lay on his back and stared at the ceiling for a while. They weren't in the same bed, but this was the farthest he had gotten with a girl. He felt good about himself for helping someone in trouble. Secretly, he hoped his time with Shauna would last much longer than a couple days. About one-thirty in the morning, he drifted off to sleep. 




Chapter 8


A hushed but agitated voice woke Mike out of his slumber around seven-thirty. Mike groggily stretched and looked around. He looked to his right to see Shauna sitting upright on the edge of the bed with the hotel phone to her ear. 
It took a few moments for him to come out of sleep and hear what she was saying. 
"Are you sure you can't? I'm really desperate," Shauna said softly to someone on the other end of the line. Mike waited for her reaction to the person's answer. "Shit," Shauna sighed. "Well I'll try to find some other way. Okay. Sorry to wake you up. Bye bye," Shauna hung up the phone and let out a loud sigh. 
"Shauna?" Mike spoke. 
Shauna seemed momentarily startled and then turned around to face him. 
"Hi Mike. Did 1 wake you?" 
"Yeah, 1think so," Mike pulled back his covers. 
"Sorry," Shauna avoided eye contact. 
"Who was that?" Mike asked her. 
"Just a friend," Shauna simply replied, seeming reluctant to tell more. 
"From the carnival?" Mike pressed. 
"No. She lives far away. I just thought...," Shauna raised her eyes to the ceiling and down again. "Never mind." 
"What is it?" Mike asked, trying to sound sympathetic. 
"I just thought, maybe I could go see her. But she's in Louisiana and I have no way to get all the way down there," Shauna replied. 
"What about a train or bus?" Mike asked. 
"I'd have to use my credit card. Then those guys would know where to find me," Shauna stood up and started pacing. 
"Then that means they know we're at this hotel," Mike began to get an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of his stomach. 
"But it's only for a few more hours. And then...," Shauna turned around and walked back and forth twice to the window. "What should I do?" Mike could tell she was trying to fight back tears. 
Mike got out of bed and tried to put his arm around her. 
"I know we just met, but can 1help somehow?" he asked gently. 
Shauna shrugged and shook her head, but didn't reply. 
Mike took his hand away and then tried to change the subject. "So where should we eat breakfast?" 
"Anywhere," Shauna sighed. 
Mike gave her an uncomfortable look, and when she just stared blankly, took a change of clothes out of his bag and went into the bathroom to change. 
As he was brushing his teeth, Shauna knocked on the bathroom door. He opened it with his mouth full of toothpaste. 
"Mike.  I'm sorry.  I just want to enjoy what'll probably be the last day with you. I'll be ready in ten minutes, then we go get some food. Okay," She forced a smile, but Mike could tell she was miserable. 
"Sure," Mike nodded and gently closed the door so he could finish getting ready. He came out of the bathroom and Shauna went right in. She got ready rather fast for a girl, in Mike's opinion. After coming back into the main room, she grabbed a couple personal items, looked around the room, and said, "Shall we check out?" Mike had packed while Shauna was in the bathroom. He had his duffel bag, ready to go, on the bed. 
"Okay, let's do it," Mike picked up his bag and followed Shauna out the door. 
Mike was relieved to see a different woman at the front desk than the one who checked them in. Shauna walked over and handed the room keys to her. The woman eyed Mike as she took out some papers for Shauna to sign. Mike shifted uncomfortably and looked away. 
"Okay, all set. Hope you enjoyed your stay," the woman, whose nametag said Rebecca, smiled cheerfully and turned her attention to some drawers. 
Shauna turned around and trudged towards the glass front doors. 
As they were exiting, they almost bumped into an old couple in Hawaiian shirts. 
"Harold. I told you I think I left my glasses at the airport!" the woman pleaded. 
"Please, Doris. They're in your bag just as they were when we left!" Harold looked exasperated. 
"No, we have to go back and check!" 
"Then you'll tell me you left your teeth on the bedstand in Fort Lauderdale!" Harold pushed past Shauna and Mike. 
Doris looked embarrassed and quickly slunk past Mike and Shauna. 
The little argument seemed to brighten Shauna's mood a few degrees. 
"Maybe that'll be…," Shauna started to say 'us' but then stopped herself. Mike smiled at the thought of such a long term relationship. Then Shauna changed her sentence to "At least they're still together, right?" and walked out the door into the sun. 
A cool early autumn breeze blew through Mike's hair as he walked to his car. He put his bag in the trunk and walked around to the driver's side. Mike was silent for several minutes into the drive. 
"Mike?" Shauna asked. 
"Yes?" 
"Are you mad at me?" 
"No, of course not. Where should we get breakfast?" 
"A McDonalds with a drive-thru would be best." 
"Great. I love their breakfasts," Mike had no problems with her request. 
Mike didn't say anything as he found a McDonalds, and only spoke when asking what Shauna wanted when they arrived at the drive thru speaker. Mike took the bag from the cashier, paid, and found a place across the street to park. 
"Are you sure you're not mad?" 
"I can't eat while driving," Mike forced a goofy grin. 
"Why did you get quiet all of a sudden?" 
"Cause you're keeping me in suspense. Who were those men? What do they want with you? Us?" Mike asked. 
Shauna sighed. 
"Okay. I'll tell you," Shauna breathed deeply.
Mike put his sandwich down, eager to hear the story. 
"Well let's just say carnivals aren't all fun and games. There's some crooked stuff going on behind the scenes. And I kinda got involved and was blackmailed into paying some guys to keep quiet. But I couldn't pay them off, so I tried gambling and now I owe more people more money and I don't know if anyone can help me," Shauna looked so fragile at that moment, Mike wanted to hug her. 
"So are you saying you had to pay because you saw something illegal and they want to make sure you don't go to the cops?" it began to make sense to Mike, sort of. 
"Something like that. And the people I owe the gambling debt to, I'm more scared of them than the guys in the carnival." 
"You owe more than a hundred, don't you?" Mike asked knowingly. 
"Yes. That's the minimum they would accept to delay things and they wanted it immediately that night you first saw me. And if you hadn't given me the money, I would have been out of the carnival with no one to turn to," Shauna looked ready to cry. Mike could kinda see what was going on, but he sensed a lot of holes. He suspected the story went much deeper than what Shauna just told him. 
"Okay," Mike nodded. 
"So, do you want to drop me off somewhere and go back home?" Shauna asked, looking ready to break up. 
"No. What, if anything, can I do?" Mike asked. 
"Get me somewhere safe," Shauna said. 
"Where's that?" 
"The friend I have in Louisiana can help, I think. But I can't ask you to take me there. You have college," Mike could tell Shauna was desperate. He believed she was a nice girl who just had some bad things happen to her and didn't deserve to be stranded. 
"There's always next semester," Mike said. 
"Don't be silly. What would your mother say?" 
That remark made Mike think of his mom's thousand dollar escorting escapades. He thought that was very irresponsible for a parent and felt like getting revenge. This could be a way. But then he thought, with Tara gone and all the other bad things in the family, it was just a little too cruel. 
Mike sat there silently, trying hard to think of the best way to handle things. Finally, he asked, "Do you think those men are in this area already?" 
"I hope not. Can we just do something, like help me pick out a change of clothes? I'll try to find some other way." 
"What about your friends at the carnival?" 
"They can't help. For most of them, the carnival is the only home they have," Shauna sighed. 
"Oh," Mike replied. He looked at her sympathetically. He sensed her life had been much worse than his. Mike devoured his sandwich while Shauna slowly forced herself to eat hers. Then Mike pulled the car back onto the road. "I think we passed a strip mall last night. Maybe they have a clothing store," Mike suggested. 
"Sure. You lead the way. I don't know the area any better than you do," Shauna answered. 
As Mike was driving, he began to think to himself. Seriously, should he drive her to Louisiana to meet her friend? His car was old and might not even handle it. But even if it did, he only met her but a week ago. He never was good at defending himself, and Shauna's assailants came after him, how would he protect himself and her? What if they had guns? 
On the other hand, he wasn't happy at school. And after the confrontation with Dean and knowing how cruel college kids could be, he felt he might not be too safe at his college either. He would love to take a semester or two off and figure out what he really wanted from life. His was tired of all his authority figures and elders telling him you have to do this, you have to do that. He was over eighteen. He should live how he wanted. 
"You passed it!" Shauna startled him back to reality. 
"What?" Mike looked around. 
"I just saw a clothing store in the mall we just passed," Shauna told him. 
"I'll turn around," Mike told her and made the first legal V-turn he could. 
He hated watching while women shopped for clothes. At least that was the way it was with his relatives. But Shauna was almost the same age. Maybe he could stand it, he thought as he followed her into the store. 
She quickly found the women's section and started browsing the racks. Mike shifted and waited and hoped she wouldn't be too long. "How many changes are you going to get?" he asked while she was holding a blouse against her chest and looking in the mirror. "Two or three. And something to put them in," Shauna said and then put the blouse back with a disgusted face. 
It took her about half an hour to find what she wanted and then she led him to the register. Fortunately, no one had bothered them or seemed suspicious. Mike guessed the bad man hadn't found out where they were yet. Or were still in transit. 
"Shauna," Mike said as she put the clothes down next to a register. 
"Yes?" 
"I'd like to pay." 
"Mike, sweetie, you don't have to. I have some money, for now," she replied. 
"But I have a checking and savings account with just under two thousand combined. 
After what you've been through, I just want to do something nice for you," Mike said, trying to sound sincere. Shauna almost seemed taken aback, and then warmed up. "Thanks," she said happily. The cashier eyed their conversation with interest. "Ooh, I wish my boyfriend would buy me something once in a while," she stated as she rung up the clothes. 
"Mike here's a good guy," Shauna said. 
"That'll be sixty eight and forty cents," the cashier told Mike. 
He gave her his debit card and then thought of something. Shauna mentioned her followers would be to trace her card transactions. So maybe they should get a bunch of money from the ATM and try to use as much cash as they could. He thought it over as he carried her bags to the car. He noticed Shauna looking more and more nervous throughout the morning. He knew it was because she thought he was leaving and she would be on her own again. 
But something struck him. You only get a handful of chances like this in your entire life and life is about choices. He was lonely and wanted to know what it was like to have someone to care about. At the rate he was going with dates at school, he thought he'd be stupid to pass this up, danger or no dange
And anyway, he lived at home to go to college and other kids went away. He needed some independence and maybe this would provide this. His mom would be fine. She had her friends and the family she still talked to. 
"Mike, where are we going now?" Shauna asked as she noticed Mike was still sitting in the store parking lot. 
"I guess we're going to Louisiana," Mike said and pulled out of the spot. 
"But...," Shauna started to protest. 
"I'm sure. School can wait," Mike replied. 
"But I don't want you to blame me if you never finish college because of this," Shauna said. "I won't. What's the best way to get down to your friend?" "The highways would be faster. But if the men find us, we could lose them on the back roads," Shauna seemed to fight back a panic attack. 
"Just tell me where to go," Mike said. 
Shauna led him to the main highway going into Pennsylvania. From there, they would travel South and West to Louisiana." Mike enjoyed the scenery as he was driving. Shauna kept staring out the window. She seemed calm, despite the threat against her. As they crossed the Pennsylvania state line, Shauna said, "Are you going to call your mother." 
"When we get there." 
"Mike! That could be a few days! We better pull over and find a phone. You don't have a cell, do you?" 
"No," Mike replied. He knew it wasn't right to be bitter if his mom was desperate for money. It was his father who didn't send the payments he was supposed to. And getting evicted or foreclosed was pretty serious. 
As Mike traveled down the highway, with nothing but farms and trees on his left and right, he thought about the past week. Two weeks ago, he was a small town "loser" with nothing much going on but feeling bad about himself. Now his life was getting exciting. He hoped things would turn out okay for both himself and Shauna. 
He noticed an old gas station that must have been built in the fifties and a pay phone nearby. He pulled into the unpaved lot and parked. 
"You're calling? Do you think she'll freak out?" Shauna asked. 
"I told you she's cool," Mike got out of the car and searched his pockets for some change. Luckily, he found some. 
As he walked to the phone, he eyed the gas station. Why would anyone get their gas here, when there were much newer and more attractive stations around? He shrugged, put in the quarters, and dialed home. 
"Hello?" Wilma answered on the second ring. 
"Hi ma." 
"Mike? Where the hell are you?" his mother sounded upset. 
"In Pennsylvania," Mike began to feel bad. 
"With that carnie girl? Mike, what's gotten into you this past week? Just come home and we'll talk!" 
"I can't. She needs my help," Mike felt uneasy. 
"She's practically a stranger! Why do you care so much about a stranger?" 
"I just like her, that's all," Mike replied. 
"Well you can't pay the rent with love. You don't even have a job. And what about school? You're coming back by Monday, aren't you?" 
"I don't think I can," Mike felt terrible but he didn't want Shauna to get hurt or killed and that's what he felt would happen if he just left her. 
He heard his mother make an exclamation of frustration. 
"Alright, Mike. Is this about me going on that escort date? You're making me suffer for it? Well alright, I promise I won't do it anymore if you come back." 
"That's not it, ma," Mike started. He knew the conversation wouldn't end on a positive note. 
"Michael! I can't believe you. After what your sister Tara did, and now you too!" 
"It's different. I'll call as soon as we get where we're going," Mike said, feeling more and more guilty yet resolute in helping Shauna. Mike noticed Shauna starting to stare and look at him funny. "I gotta go," Mike began to hang up the phone. He could hear his mother start a standard textbook lecture about common sense and responsibility. He rolled his eyes. Her voice got louder and he took the phone away from his ear. He was going to say something, but then hung up the phone instead. 
He hoped she would understand after the problem was fixed, but for now his mind was on Shauna. No girl had ever shown as much interest in him as she had the past week. He sauntered humbly over to his car and got in. 
"What did she say?" Shauna asked, looking worried. 
"She said be sure to call. Now let's get going," Mike slowly pulled back onto the highway. 
There had been no sign of being followed during their ride into Pennsylvania and there still wasn't. Mike was glad for that. Shauna leaned her head against the window and closed her eyes. 
Thunder rumbled in the grey sky. It looked like the weather was going to get worse. Mike sighed, turned the radio on and drove down the highway towards an unknown fate. 




Chapter 9


Mike drove down the road, past fields and farms in near silence. He glanced over at Shauna. She looked peaceful. But then he quickly recalled, nothing about this trip was peaceful. Men who she still hadn't provided names for were after them and they were going to drive hundreds of miles in the hopes someone in Louisiana could help. 
Mike sighed. If he was making a mistake, he should turn back now. But a part of him was thrilled. He was a nobody in his hometown, and the kids in his school let him know it. The past few days, he had felt like somebody. All you need is a friend, he figured. 
"Shauna?" he asked and nudged her gently with his right arm. 
"Mm," she mumbled. 
"Do you want to stop and eat? And get a hotel later?" 
"Well I don't want to drive nonstop," she replied. "By the way, I can take the wheel for a while if you're tired," she offered. 
Mike saw a sign for a rest area three miles away. He had been driving for a couple hours now. "Maybe we should take a break," he suggested. "Besides, I need gas."
"Right.  Don't forget about that." Mike took the next exit into town. He saw a few choices of restaurants, two gas stations within viewing distance and a few stores. 
"Let's eat first. I'm starved," Mike grinned. 
He pulled into a restaurant that looked appealing from the outside and parked. Mike and Shauna got out of the car. As they were walking in, someone on crutches was limping out. 
"Let me get that for you," Shauna smiled and held the door open for the man. 
The man, who was rather young, seemed pleased. "Thanks," he smiled and limped past. 
Shauna made sure he got down the few steps safely. 
"I just have a soft spot in my heart for the disabled, even temporarily disabled," Shauna told Mike as they were led to a booth. 
"Because you work in a carnival, right?" 
"I always did," Shauna replied hastily. 
"Work in a carnival?" Mike half joked. 
"Half a soft spot," Shauna corrected. 
"Try telling some kids in my school that," Mike sighed. 
"I know what you mean. But seriously, my mom got cancer at 30 so you never know what's going to happen to you. Can't take life for granted, you know?" 
"Was she okay?" Mike asked. 
"For a few years.  But she's dead now," Shauna seemed neutral when she said the statement. 
"Sorry," Mike looked down at his menu. 
The waitress was a short, balding woman. She came over and said in a raspy voice, "Can I get you guys anything to drink?" 
"Coke," Mike said. 
"Sprite," Shauna replied. 
The waitress wrote down their drink orders, looked at Shauna a few lingering moments, and then walked away. 
"If they do find where we went, it should be a couple days. Which should give us some time." 
"Do any of these guys have names?" Mike asked, wanting to stop referring to the assailants as those guys. 
"Yes. The guys from the carnival are Rich and Pete. The guys, I guess you can call them mobsters, who want the gambling debt, are Tony, Vinny, and Earl," Shauna sighed.
"Sounds like typical names. At least Tony and Vinny," Mike said while trying to decide what to order for his meal. 
The waitress came back over and set the drinks down on the tables. 
"What'll you have?" she asked. 
Mike ordered a hamburger and Shauna ordered chicken. 
"Miss, I hope I don't seem forward, but is your name Shauna Meloden?" the waitress asked. 
"Yes," Shauna seemed to become nervous. 
"I'm Polly. Polly West!" the waitress exclaimed. 
It took a moment, and then something registered with Shauna. "Hi! It's been years." 
"You tell me. How have you been doing? How's the old gang? Tanya and Jake and Shooter?" 
"I don't work there any more. I'm with Malagio's Traveling Carnival now," Shauna replied.
 "Oh, sorry. Well, you remember me, don't you?" 
"Yeah," Shauna smiled. 
"Wow, small world, huh," Polly giggled and walked away to the kitchen. 
"What was that about?" Mike asked. 
"She used to work with me when I was eighteen and just out of high school," Shauna replied. 
"Where was this?" Mike inquired. 
"Colorado. It was a stationary carnival called Happyville," Shauna replied. 
Mike knew others might think this carnival stuff was strange, but he had nothing to brag about and besides, Shauna was gorgeous, as much as any model in fashion magazines. 
"Why'd you leave?" Mike asked. 
"Oh several reasons," Shauna looked around the room, not wanting to elaborate. 
Polly brought back the food a few minutes later and set it down before them. 
"Shauna, I hope this isn't intrusive, but would you want to exchange numbers. I'd love to catch up with an old friend!" Polly exclaimed. 
"I'm actually traveling right now, so I don't have a number. But I'll take yours," Shauna offered. 
"Great," Polly seemed pleased. She took a pen out of her breast pocket and wrote down her number for Mike and Shauna. 
 "You call soon. I'd love to catch up," she smiled and then walked off to another table. 
Mike took a bite of a French fry. 
"You gonna call?" 
"Maybe," Shauna put the piece of paper in her jeans pocket. 
As they were getting near finishing, Mike remembered something. 
"Shauna?" 
"Yes?" 
"You remember saying those guys could track you? Well I was thinking maybe it would be better to get a bunch of cash from the ATM and use it for everything. It's harder to trace that way." 
"Good thinking. I think I saw a bank down the road," Shauna seemed to brighten a little. 
They finished their meals, paid, and drove to the bank and gas station. At the bank they had some trouble, but they managed to get out about three thousand dollars between the two of them, including cash advances on Shauna's credit card. She assured Mike she'd worry about how to pay it after they got to Louisiana. 
Mike was once again behind the wheel as they set out on the next few hours of their drive. Mike was surprised at how much open land there still was in America. And they had just started. 
As it began to get dark, Shauna touched his arm, "Wanna get a hotel?" 
"Sure," Mike smiled. A second night in a hotel with a girl. Wow, Mike thought. He was excited, even though he wouldn't pressure Shauna to do anything, not with all she had to worry about. 
Mike pulled off the exit after seeing an advertisement for a hotel and was dismayed to find it wasn't as close to the highway as the sign would make one think. But he eventually found it a few miles away, near some woods. 
For some reason, Mike thought of the Bates Motel as he parked. Even though there wasn't a haunted house a hill nearby. He and Shauna got out of the car as the last of the sun's rays sank beneath the horizon. 
They walked in to find an overweight man smoking a cigarette and reading a magazine. A nametag saying Jim identified him as the caretaker. 
"Hi," Shauna put down the one bag she had. 
Jim looked up momentarily and then down at his magazine again, obviously to finish a paragraph he was reading. 
Mike stepped up to the counter as Jim was still engrossed in whatever he was reading. 
"Two for the night, please," he said. 
"One room or two?" Jim barked. 
"One," Mike took a hesitant glance back at Shauna. She nodded. "But two beds," he added. 
"Sixty-five dollars plus tax and any movies you order," Jim finally put his magazine down and made eye contact. 
"Are we still in Pennsylvania?" Shauna asked. 
"Lady, this is Ohio," Jim didn't seem amused. 
"Sorry, I wasn't paying attention," Shauna retorted. 
Mike took out the cash to pay for the room and handed it Jim. He counted it three times as if it would somehow change if he recounted it and then seemed satisfied. He put the money away and got out two sets of keys. 
Mike took them and signed a guestbook. 
"You two lovebirds behave now, you hear," Jim warned, half seriously. 
"We're not," Mike started and then Shauna feeling embarrassed. "Never mind," he picked up his bag and followed Shauna out the door. "What room is it?" Shauna asked, once they were outside. "Room eight," Mike looked at they key. He found room eight and opened the door. The room seemed a little dingy and old fashioned, but clean enough for their tastes. 
Shauna walked in and put down her bag. Mike put down his bag on the other bed. He then got on top of the bed and stretched out with his hands behind his head. "You think we can make it by tomorrow?" he asked. 
"God, no. We have a few more states to go through. Probably one more night in a hotel and sometime the next day we should be there," Shauna went in to survey the bathroom. 
"Mind if I take a shower, even though this bathroom's gross?" Shauna asked. 
"Not at all," Mike replied, still lying on the bed. 
Shauna went to her bag, got some things she needed and then went into the bathroom and closed the door. 
"I'll get some sodas!" Mike shouted. 
"Okay!" Shauna shouted from behind the closed door and then turned the water on. Mike hopped off the bed and went outside, being sure to take a key. He found a soda machine, and put in a dollar. Nothing happened. He grunted and kicked it. Still nothing happened. He put in another dollar and the machine again just ate it without giving anything in return. 
"Damn machine," Mike sighed and went to the office to complain. 
"Your soda machine doesn't work," he told Jim. 
"I know son, I know," Jim got off his stool. "Just hold on and I'll get the key. The soda is in there but sometimes the machine doesn't want to give any out. Pain in the ass I know, but what can you do?" Jim retrieved a key from a drawer and then Mike followed him back to the machine. He opened it up. "How many dollars did it steal from you? And you are on the honor system, you know," Jim said. 
"Two," Mike said. "But I'll take an extra two," Mike handed Jim two dollars more. 
"Pick whatever you like," Jim extended his hand. 
Mike grabbed two regular cokes, a diet coke, and a sprite. He hoped that's what Shauna wanted. 
"Thanks," Mike began walking back to the room. 
"Sure," Jim closed the heavy door of the machine back up and locked it. 
Mike went in the room to hear the water wasn't running any more. She must be out of the shower already, he thought. He set the soda cans down on the dresser and approached the bathroom. He touched the door and didn't expect it to open. Apparently there was no lock. 
Feeling slightly startled, he just caught a momentarily glimpse of flesh before Shauna slammed it closed again. "I'll be out in a minute, Mike!" she called, not sounding like being intruded on bothered her that much. Or maybe that was wishful thinking, Mike thought to himself. 
He walked back to the soda cans and opened a can of regular coke. It fizzed and bubbled and he took a long delicious gulp. He hadn't seen anything he shouldn't have and it was only for a moment, but Mike felt a little guilty about opening the door on her. He would apologize as soon as she got out. 
He heard some commotion from the bathroom, and finally Shauna came out wearing comfortable, loose clothes. 
"Sorry," she said apologetically. 
"Please. I should be apologizing to you," Mike flashed a goofy grin at her. 
"No, actually the hotel should for not putting locks on the bathroom door," Shauna said and then noticed the cans of soda. "Oh thanks for getting these," she walked over and opened the diet cola. 
"No problem," Mike said. "I guess it's my turn now." 
Mike opened his bag and got out his sweatpants and clean underwear. He felt a little nervous as he went into the bathroom and closed the door behind him. Just the thought that she could walk in, was exciting. No girl had ever seen him naked, not in the flesh. Except maybe a doctor one time, but that didn't count. He got undressed and stepped under the shower. He was surprised at how cold the water was and jumped back. He reached for the nozzles to try and warm the water up. It did so only slightly. 
Mike stayed under the water for ten minutes and then turned the shower off. Thankfully, the door was still closed. He put his underwear and sweatpants on and looked in the mirror a moment. He was getting a few days growth of facial hair and he hadn't brought any razors or shaving cream. It was only supposed to be one or two days, originally. Now it would turn into a week, or who knows how long. He would have to buy some shaving supplies tomorrow. 
He brushed his teeth, put a T-shirt on, and then went out into the main room. 
Shauna seemed tired. She was sitting up in bed, but she was yawning as he went over to his bed to throw his old clothes in his bag. "Want to watch a movie?" he suggested. "If it's something other than porn," Shauna replied. "But then again, I am tired. Maybe we should just call it a day." 
"It's early," Mike told her. 
"Then you watch something and I'll try to sleep. Just keep the volume low," Shauna said. 
"It won't bother you?" 
"Not at all," Shauna got under the covers and laid her head against the pillow. Mike nodded and sat up in his own bed with his back against the wall. He picked up the remote and turned the television on. There were only a few network channels and then the movie selection to order. After flipping through things, he decided to order a comedy from the eighties. It was only four dollars so what the heck, he thought. 
Shauna appeared to be sleeping as Mike glanced over half an hour into the movie. She looked so peaceful, right then. Mike hoped the men wouldn't find them before they got to her friend in Louisiana, whoever that was. There was still lots she wasn't telling, he was sure of it, but somehow he knew she was one of the good guys. He sighed and finished his soda and threw it at the trash can. He missed. Instead of getting up to get it, he shrugged and got under the covers. 
Towards the end of the movie, his eyes began to get heavy. He had trouble keeping them open. He wasn't sure when, but sometime before the movie ended, he fell asleep. 
Mike was startled awake sometime in the middle of the night. He looked around groggily. The room was pitch black except for some light from the TV and clock. He groaned. The TV had been left on for hours. All that was showing was a dark grey screen, but one that still lit up the room slightly and indicated the set was on. He reached for the remote and couldn't find it, so he got out of bed and walked over to the set. 
As he pressed the off button, he jumped. He heard something from outside. He calmed himself by telling himself it was some stray animal or another guest getting back really late. 
Another loud popping noise startled him. A feeling of dread began to grow in his stomach. He hoped what he was thinking wasn't happening. He jumped at what sounded like glass breaking. That better not be his car, he thought. 
Mike looked over at Shauna, who was still sleeping. And then bravely crept over to the window whose curtains, were fortunately drawn. He pushed it aside as slightly as was good enough to get a look outside and then dared to peek out into the night. 
Four men were by Mike's car. Mike watched in horror as one of them slashed his rear left tire. He heard the sound of air whizzing out. He then noticed to his dismay that the two front tires had already been slashed and were now flat and useless. His heart started to beat faster. What could he and Shauna possibly do now? Did those guys know what room they were in? He prayed not. Mike also noticed his passenger window was shattered. Those bastards were doing a thorough job of destroying his car. 
As he crept over to wake Shauna, his main thoughts were how did they find us so quickly? And since escape by car was now out of the question, how would he and Shauna get out of this one? 



Chapter 10


Heart pounding, Mike quietly nudged Shauna in the arm. She mumbled softly, her body in deep REM sleep. She looked so innocent. If she only knew what danger they were in. He nudged her a little harder. Her breathing pattern changed, indicating she just woke. 
It took her a few minutes to realize what was happening. Groggily she looked up at Mike and then over at the clock. 
"Mike, it's the middle of the night. What is it?" she seemed a little annoyed. 
"Ssssh. They're here," Mike warned her. 
"Who's here?" 
"The men. Rich, Vinny, Earl, I don't know. There's four of them outside the door!" Mike choked the words out. 
"Oh no! How did they find us so quick?" Shauna sat up and began putting on her shoes. 
"Don't go outside! They slashed my car tires," Mike whispered. 
Mike could see panic overtake Shauna. 
"We have to get out of here," Shauna said. 
"They're outside right now. How will we get past them?" 
"If they came for us, then they'll soon be checking every room. Maybe we could sneak out while they're in other rooms," Shauna began to pace. 
"Is there anything to barricade the door with?" Mike ignored that idea. 
"Wait! There was a bathroom window. Maybe we could sneak out the back!" 
"It's small and five feet off the ground," Mike doubted that would work, but was glad to hear of another possible escape route. 
"We can do it. Let's move quickly," Shauna hurriedly threw everything she had in her bag and then opened the bathroom door. It creaked eerily. 
Mike got his bag together and went in the bathroom to see Shauna struggling to open the window. It was about a foot and a half tall and three feet wide. It was tinted to prevent anyone seeing in the bathroom, though Mike thought there was nothing but open space behind the hotel. 
Shauna finally got it open and she threw her bag through it. They heard a dull thud as the bag landed on the ground outside. Next Mike threw his bag out as well. From the sound, it landed on top of Shauna's. 
"You first," Mike told her. "I'll give you a boost." 
Shauna looked behind her with a combination of panic and trust and then hoisted herself against the wall. Mike gently pushed her up. She went headfirst out the window and stopped halfway with her hands the only things securing her to the window frame. 
"There's no room to turn around," she complained. 
"Put your hands out and I'll push you," Mike told her. 
Shauna grunted. After an awkward struggle, she finally was safely on the ground outside. Not without some grass stains however. Mike then hoisted himself up. He wasn't in the best shape but could at least do a few push-ups without struggling. Shauna grabbed his hands and pulled. 
Mike heard a loud banging at the hotel door. 
"They're coming in!" he cried, hoping he would make it out the window in time. 
Forgetting about safety, he thrust himself forward and fell out the window. He landed hard on his side and almost knocked Shauna over. 
"Are you alright?" she whispered loudly. 
"Yeah," he moaned, lying on the ground momentarily. He touched his side. It was already sore. 
Nonetheless, he got himself up and grabbed his bag. Then he quickly surveyed his surroundings. There was some open space and then deep dark woods. He remembered the woods behind the carnival, but these looked darker and larger. 
"Let's go to your car and drive away fast," Shauna whispered. 
"They slashed the tires!" Didn't Mike tell her that already? He shrugged it off. 
"Then the only safe place to go on foot is through those woods. Maybe we can hide overnight and then get your car in the morning," Shauna said. 
"Or maybe we could dump the car and get a bus to Louisiana," Mike started towards the woods. 
"Wait, we don't know where those woods go!" Shauna protested. 
"What choice do we have? They could be checking behind the hotel any minute!" Mike grabbed her arm and took a few steps forward. 
She held her ground, but then realized he was right. She didn't want to confront four dangerous men. They had no way to protect themselves. Tony, Vinny, and Earl, however, Shauna knew carried guns. 
They ran to the edge of the woods and then ventured inside. The cover of trees soon turned everything pitch black. They stumbled across roots and stones. Leaves crunched under their feet. 
"Stick close by me!" Shauna helplessly cried. Mike looked back at her. "I will," he gently took her hand with the one that wasn't carrying the duffel bag. 
They ran the first couple minutes, then slowed to a walk when they were deep enough in to not be seen. Shauna breathed deeply. Mike had never been this excited in his life. He just hoped they could find safe transportation to Louisiana and get help. 
Mike thought about his car. It wasn't the greatest, but he was so excited when he first got it two years ago. Now he may never see it again. It cost him less than two thousand dollars, but he knew he may never see it again. But his mind was on the safety of himself and Shauna. 
And owl screeched loudly and Shauna jumped. Somewhere in the distance a dog or wolf howled. Mike hoped it was just a dog. They carefully dodged trees and shrubs and bravely made their way through the endless expanse of forest. 
Minutes turned to hours. A more alarming issue started creeping into Mike's head. What if they were lost among thousands of acres of unchartered, unmanned woodland? What if no one ever found them? What if they never saw civilization again? What if they just wandered and wandered until they starved? 
Stop being morbid and be positive, Mike's inner adult scolded himself. 
Shauna suddenly began to slow. She was exhausted. 
"Hold up a minute," she leaned her back against a tree. She was panting. 
"Are you okay?" 
"My legs are sore," Shauna squeezed her right leg, trying to sooth the aching muscles. 
"Mine too," Mike stopped moving and stood still.  He could feel his legs tingling. 
"Where are we?" Shauna asked. 
"I don't know." 
"I don't think these woods are going to end. We should sit until morning and then go back the way we came," Shauna suggested. 
Mike dropped his duffel bag on the ground. "I hope there are no wild animals in these woods." 
"I hope so too," Shauna knelt down and sat. She didn't care that she would dirty up her clothes. 
Mike sat on a large tree root nearby. The rough surface of the wood poked his hand. 
Shauna sighed. "Sorry for getting you into this." 
"Are you kidding? My friends will be thrilled," Mike sighed. "If I had any," he then added self-deprecatingly. 
"You have no one?" 
"I told you about Jason who's now in Oregon, didn't I?" 
"I think I remember that. That's too bad. You're a sweet guy," Shauna said. 
"Thanks," Mike blushed and tried to hide it even though it was dark. "How long should we sit here?" Mike began to uproot some grass and throw it down again. 
"What time did the clock say? Three in the morning?" Shauna asked. 
"Something like that." 
"And that must have been an hour ago by now. The sun should be up in an hour or two," Shauna stated. 
"Then let's wait until we can see better. Our luck, a road is five minutes in the direction we're not going," Mike said. 
"That would happen to me," Shauna said softly. 
"And I'm no luckier," Mike stretched his feet out and closed his eyes, though he was far from sleep. 
They were silent for what seemed like an eternity, though it was probably really only twenty minutes. Mike heard some birds chirp and some squirrels moving through the trees. 
He didn't know if the slept sitting up or not, but when he opened his eyes it was still very dark. 
"Want to play a game?" Shauna suggested, seeing him look frustrated. 
"Like what?" 
"Like name a city that begins with the last letter of the city the other person mentioned. You know that one, right?" 
"Yeah," Mike chuckled. "I haven't played that in years." 
"Then I'll start," Shauna said. "Venice," she said after a moment's thought. 
Mike thought hard and then came up with "East Rutherford." 
They continued back and forth, sometimes having a great difficulty, but it served to pass the time until sunrise. Mike noticed the surroundings gradually get lighter and lighter until he could see Shauna clearly. 
"We made it," Shauna smiled and looked around. It was still woods in every direction as far as they could see. 
"Yep," Mike stood up. 
Shauna yawned and picked up her bag. Mike did the same. 
"Let's try going to the left," Mike suggested. 
"Fine with me," Shauna said. 
As he started walking, Mike suddenly felt safe and protected. He forgot that men who wanted to hurt them could be just a few miles away. They could still run into each other, but Mike had a sixth sense that they wouldn't. At least not today. He felt they were safe, for now. 
The woods began to clear after about fifteen minutes. Mike saw some buildings up ahead, through the rest of the trees. 
"Thank god!" he exclaimed. 
Shauna brightened and they hurried the last distance to open space, being careful not to trip on anything underfoot. Where they came out looked like it was nowhere near the motel. 
There was a run down building and a deserted highway in front of them. Mike ran around to the front of the building and was dismayed to find it boarded up. He banged on one of the boards covering the windows. Silence answered him. 
"Guess we'll have to hitch," Shauna said, coming up next to him. 
"I've never done that." 
"It's better than starving." 
"We could walk more," Mike suggested. 
"Out in the open? What if the men come by? We should get the first ride we can," 
Shauna said and trudged over to the road just as a car passed. She didn't have time to signal she wanted a lift before the car was gone. Mike hesitated and then reluctantly walked over next to her. He held out his thumb, making the classic gesture. A Mercedes drove past them and an elderly couple glared at them. Mike looked away. What else could they do? 
A couple more cars drove past, without any luck. 
Finally a pick up truck stopped for them. Shauna ran over to the door to see a man who looked like a redneck, smiling at her. He reeked of beer and looked disheveled. Mike walked over protectively. 
"Can I help you two?" the stranger asked in a raspy voice. 
"Can you give us a ride to the nearest town?" Shauna asked delicately. 
The man appeared to be in deep thought, and then replied, "Sure I will." 
Shauna seemed to brighten extensively. 
"If... ," the man continued. "The pretty little lady sits next to me." 
Shauna groaned. She hoped the guy wasn't some pervert. But she didn't want to risk the next car being Tony or one of the others. 
"Okay, mister," Shauna hopped around to the passenger side and opened the door. 
Mike walked around too, figuring he'd sit by the window. 
"Eh, Eh, you can ride in back with Elsa!" the man leered at Mike. 
He heard squealing and realized Elsa must be a pig, literally. He groaned and shot a look at Shauna. "I'm not enjoying this either," she mouthed and then got in the front seat next to the man. Mike slowly walked around back opened the flap and almost got mauled by a black and white pig. Luckily, it was chained to the side. Mike got in and sat as far away as he could from the creature. 
The man started the truck's engine and sped off. 
Mike sighed. 'This was beginning to be not so great of an adventure.' 



Chapter 11


The old pick-up truck rattled its way down the road. Mike tried to make himself as comfortable as he could, but that was rather difficult. There was dirty hay under him and all over the floor bed of the pick up truck. 
Elsa, the pig, eyed him with obvious distrust. Mike wondered how Shauna was doing up front. Shauna had scooted over near the window when she heard Mike wasn't sitting next to her. The driver was totally unattractive to her. But he obviously had a thing for her. He looked over and with alcohol-soaked breath, asked, "So, what's a gal like you doing hitching?" "Uh, our car was vandalized," Shauna replied truthfully, though she really didn't want to go into much more detail than that. 
"That's awful," the driver spit out of his side of the window. "What's the world coming to? Is that your boyfriend back there?" he made a gesture with his thumb towards the rear of the truck. 
Shauna smiled. "Just a friend." 
"So where are you headed?" the driver asked and noticed a look of suspicion in Shauna's eye. He added apologetically, "Don't worry, lady. I'm not dangerous. Just here to help." 
"I guess to the nearest bus or train station," Shauna replied. "That would be about fifteen minutes away," he reached between the seats and grabbed a can of Bud Light. He opened it with one hand and the other on the wheel and took a long swig of beer. Shauna wished he wouldn't do that. "How you doing back there," the guy banged on the rear window as soon as they stopped for a red light. 
Mike jumped, slightly startled, then hollered, "Fine!" 
"Fine," the driver repeated the words. "That's great." 
Mike avoided Elsa's gaze as the truck approached the town limits. He was happy when the truck parallel parked on the street next to a large stone building. "Here we are!" the driver exclaimed. 
"Thanks, uh," Shauna fumbled for words. "I think we can pay you about fifty dollars for your trouble. Mike has the cash." 
"Oh, that's thoughtful, pretty lady. But I enjoyed doing it. No need to charge you." 
"No really, we don't mind," Shauna offered, hoping he wouldn't ask for any other type of gift. 
"Please, I haven't had a pretty woman sit this close to me in years," the driver said. 
Shauna nodded uncomfortably. 
"Just don't tell my wife I said that," the driver said and then let out a loud hearty laugh. 
Shauna stifled a nervous laugh. "I won't," she said and opened the door to the truck. 
Mike safely made his way past Elsa and opened the flap. He fumbled his way back to the ground, making sure his bag was with him. Shauna met him on the sidewalk. 
They walked to the passenger door. 
"Thanks," Mike smiled to the driver. 
"Don't mention it," the driver said. "By the way, the name's Ernest, should we ever meet again." 
Mike and Shauna watched the truck pull out into the light, early morning traffic. They both knew with almost certainty that they would not meet Ernest again, but were both thankful that they had. 
"We still have a few thousand in your bag, right?" Shauna asked. 
Mike checked, even though he knew the money was still there. It was. 
"Yep," he grinned. 
Shauna nodded silently. 
"So what now? I doubt there's a direct connection to Louisiana," Mike began to worry again. Shauna took in her surroundings. "I don't know. I guess we could get a few exchanges and get there in a couple days." 
Mike nodded, unsure if that was the best thing. 
"Wait!" Shauna exclaimed. 
"What?" 
"Is that a used car dealership?" Shauna pointed to a lot two blocks away. 
Mike looked in the direction she was pointing. "I think it is." 
"Do you think we could buy a cheap car? Just a thousand dollars or so. Once we're at my friend's, we can work out the rest," Shauna seemed to be begging. 
"Does your friend have a name?" Mike realized Shauna hadn't yet mentioned her friend by her name. 
"Oh, sorry. It's Loretta," Shauna shifted her gaze uncomfortably. 
"I guess that would be okay," Mike pronounced the words slowly. 
"Then let's go," Shauna started walking towards the dealership. 
Mike was glad neither of them was totally broke. Or else they'd really be in trouble. 
They arrived at the dealership in under ten minutes. It was just opening for business. 
Mike noticed none of the cars looked very nice. The tags on the windows showed the most expensive one, at least from his current field of vision, to be around five thousand dollars. Mike and Shauna walked between the cars, carefully observing them as they went past, and over to a man in a pinstripe suit coming out of a small office. 
"Can I help you folks?" he asked jovially. 
"We're looking for a car. Cheap," Shauna said. 
"Well not too cheap, I hope. Then it might break down tomorrow," the salesman said. He added "Just kidding," when he saw a look of disapproval on Mike and Shauna's faces. "Well let me show you what I've got on the lower end," the salesman said and led them over to a repulsive car, at least in Mike's eyes. 
The salesman started his spiel and Mike pretended to listen. He really just wanted to get some wheels and get going. As long as the car was in good mechanical order, he didn't care about fancy features or attractive design. 
Mike and Shauna spent about half an hour looking around with the salesman, who soon introduced himself as Rob. Finally they picked a 1990 white Ford for about twelve hundred with tax and fees. 
Mike was glad when all the paperwork was through and they were on their way. They had paid cash so it was a relatively easy transaction. 
Mike took the wheel and started toward the nearest highway going south. Shauna yawned. Mike looked at her. She had made him forget all his worries of the past year. He was miles from home, and it almost felt like he had been doing this forever, like he never lived in Connecticut for as long as he had. 
"You okay?" he asked Shauna, who was staring out the window. 
"Dh-huh," Shauna nodded. 
"Do you know what states we'll be going through?" Mike's geography was a little rusty. 
"Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, and then Louisiana," Shauna replied, like she had been preparing the answer for weeks. Mike guessed with all her traveling, she knew the country well. 
Mike found the highway and continued their journey. They made it to Kentucky in no time, stopped for brunch, and then continued. Mike didn't want to waste too many minutes. They made it through Kentucky in very good time. It was still light outside. 
"I hope this car doesn't get slashed on tonight's hotel stay," Mike blurted out somewhere in Tennessee. "That reminds me," Shauna said. "I know a place we can stay tonight. Hopefully, we'll make it there before the middle of the night." 
"Where?" Mike was curious. 
"A different carnival of sorts," Shauna replied. 
"Another one you worked at?" Mike checked. 
"No, but I know a couple people there," Shauna replied. 
"Where is it?" 
"A few miles into Mississippi, near the border. Once you get off the highway, it gets confusing, but I'm pretty sure I can find it rather easily," Shauna looked a little brighter at the thought of being safe this night's sleep. 
"Okay, tell me when we get there," Mike said. 
During the drive through Tennessee, Mike thought of Nashville, and Graceland. He had never been to either and wished they could stop. But then this wasn't a casual vacation. They were running for their lives. Maybe on the way back, after this is all over, Mike thought. The day turned into night. Mike was getting stiff from driving for so long. 
"Wanna switch? We have to be almost to Mississippi by now," Mike suggested. 
"Sure, get off at the next rest stop. I'm starved anyway," Shauna replied. 
Mike did so. They had a quick dinner at an Arby's, filled the tank of gas while they were at it, and then Shauna took the wheel. When Shauna pulled off the main highway in Mississippi, it was almost ten at night. Mike hoped it wasn't too much longer. He was tired. Shauna drove down several dark, wooded roads, then finally made a right by a large wood sign that read, "Oddville : Are ya sure yer in the right place?" Mike thought the sign rather strange and wondered what it meant, but shrugged it off while Shauna drove to the "carnival". It was way back from the road and through a patch of woods. The trees were dark and hung over the road. Mike noticed a rabbit dart behind a tree stump as they rode past. 
Finally, the trees cleared out and Mike saw several buildings and trailers. He didn't notice any Ferris wheels or neon lights, or crowds of people for that matter. I guess it's a different type of carnival, Mike thought. 
Shauna parked on the grass near a gate and shut off the engine and headlights. The car had handled the drive very well, luckily. 
"Well, here we are," Shauna grinned. 
"Yep, all in one piece," Mike nodded. 
He took a deep, nervous breath as he opened the passenger door and stepped out into the warm night. Mike could only wonder what tonight would bring. 



Chapter 12


An owl screeched as Shauna and Mike approached a closed gate marking the entrance to the carnival. Mike tried to visually sum up what he could from where he was standing. There were several one story buildings and trailers scattered as far as he could see, but hardly any people. Where did Zelda take him, he wondered? 
Shauna approached the gate and found it secured shut. Almost like instinct, she opened a hidden flap in the grating and pressed a buzzer. Shortly, someone poked their head out of the nearest trailer. Mike analyzed what he could see. The man had a receding hairline but other than that seemed normal looking and was wearing normal clothes. The stranger noticed Shauna, who waved and smiled like they were best friends. 
The stranger scowled with disapproval for a moment, but then came down the two steps to the ground, closing the door behind him. Mike gasped silently as he saw the man's entire body. 
His legs were abnormally skinny, but his feet were larger than average. Mike wondered if he had any condition and tried not to have any insulting look on his face as the man approached and stopped near the gate. 
"Can I help you two?" he asked, distrustfully. I don't think we've met, but my name is Zelda from Malagio's Traveling Carnival. I know a few people here," Shauna got right to the point. The man squinted at him. "And what about him?" he pointed rather forcefully at Mike. 
    "Just a friend," Shauna replied. 
"Well I've never seen you before. You could very well be lying to me. Who did you say you know here?" 
"Get Johnny. He'll know who I am," Shauna said eagerly. 
"Well okay. If you say so," the man started to walk away. He shot a look back and barked, "And don't try any funny business while I'm gone!" 
Shauna shifted and all Mike could think was "Who's Johnny?" 
The question was soon answered as a man about three and a half feet tall seemed to come out of nowhere walking beside the skinny legged man. Mike didn't like to think that, but he hadn't introduced himself. 
The short man, Mike assumed he was "Johnny", looked over at where Shauna and Mike were standing and then nodded. He patted the gate guard on the arm and then approached, leaving his fellow carnie to wander off somewhere else. 
"Hey, Zelda! Long time no see!" Johnny exclaimed as he opened the gate for them. 
"Hey, how have you been?" Shauna asked. 
"Same Ol', same Ol', you know. What about with you?" 
"Well, er, I sort of ran away," Shauna seemed ashamed to say it. She grimaced, half expecting a lecture. 
"What?!" Johnny exclaimed. "You're kidding?" 
Shauna shook her head no. 
"I don't believe it. And who's this?" Johnny pointed at Mike. 
"He's my friend Mike." 
"What does he do?" 
"Goes to college in Connecticut," Shauna also seemed embarrassed to say that. 
"A gaff?  Zelda!  What about the code?" Johnny obviously disapproved, but Mike didn't really know what he was talking about. 
"No, he's really cool. And I trust him," Shauna looked over at Mike knowingly. Mike grinned and looked away. 
"Whatever you say," Johnny rolled his eyes. "Well come on back," he said and stepped back to allow Mike and Shauna entrance. 
Mike stepped onto the grounds and got a strange sensation. He felt like he was in a forbidden zone, somewhere he ought not to be. He was a little excited getting all these backstage carnival secrets. He imagined what he could learn this night. 
Johnny led Mike and Shauna over to a trailer. A sound of a dog barking loudly started up as soon as they got near the door. Mike tried not to show that he felt uneasy. 
Johnny rapped loudly on the trailer door. 
A chirpy voice called out, "Just a minute!" 
A moment later, an attractive and bubbly middle-aged blonde opened the door. She looked down at Johnny and complained, "You know you best not bother me while I'm watching my programs!" 
Mike shifted almost apologetically and then made himself stand still. The blonde had an 80's style perm and was wearing a low cut blouse. It bothered Mike that she reminded him of one of his aunts. The woman then noticed Shauna and lit up even more. 
"Shauna! How long has it been?" the woman came down the three steps to the ground and gave Shauna a quick, but warm hug. 
"Hi, Lynn," Shauna replied. 
'So her name is Lynn' Mike knew that much. He felt a little odd being an outsider among the crowd, even if it wasn't a so called "normal" bunch of people. "And who's this handsome young gentleman?" Lynn asked, eying Mike up and down. Mike blushed. She was hot, in an older cousin sort of way. Mike stopped smiling when he realized everyone was staring at him, waiting for him to say his name. 
"Oh sorry. I'm Mike," he held out his hand. 
"The pleasure is mine," Lynn shook it. Mike noticed her shake was firm for a girl. 
Mike nodded uncomfortably. Lynn made a playful face at him and then turned to Shauna. "So you have to come inside and tell me how you've been!" Shauna replied, "Well some of it would surprise you." "I'm never surprised," Lynn grabbed Shauna by the hand and started leading her up the steps. 
Mike started to follow but Johnny put his foot in the way. "Uh-uh. Let the ladies have some privacy." 
"Yeah, girl talk going on," Lynn giggled and closed the trailer door behind her. 
Mike looked at Johnny, who was barely taller than his waist. 
"So," Mike had no idea what to say him. 
"So I bet I know what you're thinking," Johnny stated. 
"Uh, what's that?" 
"What did I do wrong to end up like this?" Johnny, replied, almost accusingly. 
"No, of course not," Mike felt ashamed. But he had been leery of the people Shauna hung out with. 
"Sure," Johnny said sarcastically. "Well it's perfectly normal. Everyone stares. Now let me introduce you to some people. This way," he motioned with his hand and led Mike deeper into the "carnival" 
Mike heard voices get louder, was led around a comer, and came face to face with a man with way too many piercing reading a book out loud to a handful of others. Mike noticed a short woman with a child-like face, a woman that reminded him of Olga, though clearly wasn't, and a woman in a cat suit. 
Mike never felt more uncomfortable as in that moment. His life was nothing to brag about, but all he could think was 'What the hell am I doing in this place?' As soon, as the man reading noticed Mike, he pronounced the last word very slowly and then stopped and gave Mike a silent, distrustful, stare. 
"Hi. Don't worry guys, it's only Shauna's friend, Mike." 
"Shauna who?" the fat lady asked suspiciously. 
"Zelda!" Johnny exclaimed. 
The woman with the child-like face lit up. "She's here?!" 
"And busy at the moment. Why don't you guys make Mike feel welcome?" Johnny suggested. Mike looked nervous so Johnny nudged him and whispered, "You are sleeping here, aren't you?" 
"I, uh," Mike choked out the words. "Yeah, I guess so." 
"So you seem pretty normal," the man with piercings glared at him. "Why'd she bring YOU here?" 
"I'm sorry?" Mike thought the guy seemed a little rude. 
"Oh right. What's a freak doing talking back to a normie?" Mike could tell the guy was pissed, but Mike hadn't really meant any disrespect. "Well you know what. You're all the same, with your little houses and your little cars and your high-class jobs. Well some of us don't care for that life." 
Mike began to feel bad but didn't know what to say next. 
The other two strangers looked reproachful. The one lady nudged the other and the Olga look alike said, "Wait, Merto. Don't start on him like you do everyone else." 
"Why? So he can go back and laugh at us to all his friends?" 
"Hey, I don't have friends for your information," Mike didn't like this guy, and not because of his piercings. He noticed the three strangers look at him different as soon as he said that last line. 
"I mean, Shauna's my only friend right now," Mike was ashamed to admit it. 
"Then maybe we just can't see your deformity," the large woman said intrusively. 
"No. I'm healthy," Mike was uncomfortable. "Look, can we talk about something else?" 
"Sure. I was just giving my lecture on predestination. Do you know what that is, Mike?" Merto glared at him, then softened slightly. 
"Yeah, I think so. Isn't that where it's already decided who goes where?" 
"If you mean God deciding at or before birth who goes to heaven and who goes," Merto trailed off. "To the other place, then you're absolutely correct," he picked up his voice again. 
"Yeah, and I don't believe in it," Mike defended himself and was glad to be telling the truth. 
"Good. Only idiots do," Merto rolled his eyes. "I mean think about the implications of that. Nothing you do, no matter what it is can change your destination, according to that "rule". So why would anyone who knows they're damned do good deeds?" 
"That's why I don't agree," Mike replied. 
"Good. You're not as dumb as you look. Anyway, I'm glad to hear you say that because I bet you were thinking we did something for God to do this to us." 
"No," Mike didn't get Merto's attitude and wished he would stop. 
"Well we didn't," Johnny spoke. "But by the way society acts, no wonder many of us end up here or places like here." 
"You're lucky," the child-faced woman said. "You don't know how lucky. I hope you'll remember that." 
"Yeah," Mike shrugged uncomfortably. 
"So anyway, I'm sure you three have made our guest feel uncomfortable enough. So we'll go see what Shauna and Lynn are up to." Johnny said. 
"Is she staying? I'd love to speak to her!" the large woman exclaimed. 
"Try tomorrow, Rea. I'm sure Shauna's very tired," Johnny began to lead Mike back to Lynn's trailer. 
When they were out of hearing range, Johnny said, "Sorry about them. They're the most outspoken of the bunch, especially Merto. If you lasted through that and haven't run away by now, I guess you'll do fine to stay the night." 
"Thanks," Mike gave his classic goofy grin. He wondered what Shauna was up to. 
Johnny knocked on the trailer door. Lynn opened it and peeked her head out of it. 
"You two yapped your heads off enough?" Johnny asked. 
"Oh, alright!" Lynn sighed. "I guess we can let some boys in now," she backed up and Mike nervously entered ahead of Johnny. 
Mike was taken aback by the inside of the trailer. It was roomy, yet there were so many trinkets and knick-knacks that it seemed confined. On the other hand, it was sort of cozy looking, in a hokey sort of way. 
"So sit down," Lynn gently ordered. 
"Actually, I have to get going. I'll see you around, Lynn. And Shauna, nice to see you again," Johnny waved and excused himself. 
Mike noticed Johnny didn't say good-bye to him. But he chose not to dwell on that. He shifted his hands under his legs. Was his heart beating this fast? Was he really, here? So many miles from the comfort of home with these strange people. He took a deep breath. 
"Mike, I want to tell you a little more, now that no one can overhear," Shauna looked apologetically at him. 
"Really?" he tried not to show too much enthusiasm. 
"Really," she touched his leg and Mike could feel a tingling sensation. Was that her or him? Nevermind. He awaited her explanation. "Well, let's say we're all in here for a reason," Shauna said. Lynn smiled. "Actually, when you've been here as long as I have, guys like Tony and Vinny make you stay," Shauna said. 
"Have they threatened you?" Mike asked and then realized, dumb question. They slashed his car's tires and were chasing them across the nation. 
Shauna took a deep breath. "Yeah. And the reason 1 can't turn them in is because worse guys might come after me...," Shauna hesitated. "Or release some photos I don't want to get out." 
"Incriminating photos?" Mike asked. Was she guilty of something he wouldn't like? 
"You could say that in a sense. But they are embarrassing and personal and I'd do anything to keep them private," Shauna seemed despondent as she spoke. Mike put his arm around her. Lynn smiled at him. 
"Can your friend Loretta help?" he asked her. 
"I think so. She knows some people, you know," Shauna said. 
"So all that trouble over some photos?" Mike asked. 
"Hey! I bet you have skeletons in your closet, too!" Lynn scolded him. She was right. His life wasn't exactly normal, not by upper middle class standards, at least. But there was something he wanted to know. "But why would girls like you and Lynn voluntarily go to work in places like these? You don't have the kinds of conditions the other members have." 
"Well," Loretta made a face. "I can't speak for everybody, but I myself, am one of them." 
"Where?" Mike asked, almost insensitively. 
"How old are you, kid?" Lynn asked. 
Mike wasn't sure if that was meant to infer something sexual or just a defensive remark. He noticed Shauna and Lynn looking at him. 
"I see," he simply said. He didn't need to know what was wrong with Loretta. It didn't matter to him. All that mattered right then was helping Shauna find some peace in her life. 
Mike stayed and chatted and with the two ladies and talked about his childhood and his interests. They were very polite to him and made him feel welcome, more than his college peers had done. 
Suddenly, Loretta jumped up and gasped. "Ohmigosh, look at the time. It's time for night-night!" Mike thought her child-like voice and speech was appealing, at least on her it was. He started to get up. 
"I'll go see where we'll be sleeping," Shauna told him. 
It turns out one of the guys, a fire-eater loaned them his trailer and said he would be sleeping somewhere else. Mike nervously stepped inside behind Shauna. The trailer was dark and relatively bare. 
There were two mattresses on the floor on opposite ends of the trailer. 
'I guess this will have to do,' Mike sighed. 
He made himself cozy and Shauna did the same. Then he shut out the one lamp in the dwelling. Darkness fell enveloped the trailer. An owl could be heard hooting in the distance. Mike tossed and turned and then tried to be still. 
His thoughts kept him awake. 
"Shauna?" he asked her, not sure if she was asleep yet. 
"Yes?" she answered, groggily. 
"Do a lot of visitors come here?" he asked her. 
"There's another entrance where cars are welcome to park and an area for shows. But this place is kind of notorious around town, so it mostly draws out of toners." 
"Dh" Mike was amazed at what drastically different worlds there were in America. 
If half the kids in school heard he was here, they would be ripping him apart with vituperous comments. They all seemed so perfect. Did any of them have problems? Mike didn't exactly have the same kinds of problems as the carnival crowd, but he could start to identify with them. They were all shunned by society for whatever reason. But on the inside, they were like regular people. Mike began to see that now whereas a year ago, family problems or not, he would have snickered at the thought of staying in a place like this. 
He fell asleep shortly after two thirty in the morning. 




Chapter 13


The air was unusually cold as Mike awoke from a deep sleep. He stretched groggily and opened his eyes to find the trailer bright with daylight. He was about to ask Shauna something when he realized her bed was empty. 
He rubbed his eyes to make sure he was awake and then realized she just got up before he did. No one here would do anything to her. So he himself stood up, quickly changed his shirt and then stepped out of the trailer. 
The grounds were empty, giving the place an eerie feeling. The sky was grey and overcast yet bright. Mike wondered where everybody was. As if someone heard his thoughts, someone poked their head out of a door near the back of the grounds and yelled, "Over here!" 
Mike noticed Johnny waving at him. He calmly approached. 
"We're having breakfast. Didn't want to disturb your slumber. You looked so peaceful," Johnny said as Mike got near. "Okay," Mike replied agreeably. "Come on in," Johnny held the door open for Mike. Mike entered a large room with several long white metal tables, the kind used in school cafeterias, with the benches attached. He noticed Shauna sitting next to Lynn and another woman he hadn't met. 
Shauna noticed him and smiled. She motioned with her head for him to sit by her. Some of the diners looked at him with what could only be distrust as Mike approached Shauna and sat down across from her, next to a large black man. 
"Hey, how was your sleep?" Shauna asked him. 
"Better than yours, I see," Mike said gently. 
"Yeah, sorry for starting without you," Shauna said. 
Mike finally looked to see what was on everyone's plates and was relieved to see it wasn't anything disgusting or exotic. Thick pancakes, hearty sausage and bacon, and all the traditional breakfast smells greeted his senses. 
"Does...,"Mike was about to ask if everyone served themselves but didn't have to as a large plate full of food was set down before him. "I could like it here," Mike commented as he took his silverware out of the napkin that was wrapped around it and began his breakfast. Lynn smiled. "A good looking young man like you should have a hearty appetite." 
"For stuff like this, always," Mike nodded and began devouring his meal. He hadn't realized how hungry he was. 
"So I was talking to Shauna here and telling her you two really should stay all day and leave in the middle of the night," Lynn started. 
Mike was skeptical. "I don't know...," he started. 
"The mobster guys probably won't expect us to drive in the middle of the night," Shauna defended the idea. 
"What'll we do until then?" Mike was still a little uncomfortable in this place. 
"You have to see our shows tonight. I know it's dead right now, but every night from four until eleven, there's lots of townsfolk around and all sorts of stuff to do." 
Mike was glad and surprised to hear that. He had initially thought this place was like some secluded freak colony. 
"So how about it?" Shauna asked, mouthing the word 'Please.' 
"Alright," Mike agreed. 
."Yay," Lynn gave a childish exclamation of delight. Mike forced a smile. Breakfast was delicious and over too quickly, in Mike's eyes. There was fruit and cookies for dessert. Mike had a liberal helping. 
During the meal, Mike had noticed a lot of people's gazes fall on him and saw people whispering to each other, probably about himself. But he knew these people weren't dangerous, not like Tony, Vinny and the others. Hell, these people were less dangerous than some of the kids at his school. And more approachable. 
The crowd slowly filed out of the large dining hall and Mike was left with Shauna, Lynn and a lady who hadn't introduced herself. 
Mike smiled nervously. 
The lady smiled back. 
The afternoon went by quickly. Mike played catch with a couple of the guys and then some card games. He noticed Merto walk by and glare at him several times. 'What was that guy's problem?' Mike wondered. 'Whatever it is, I'm not going to worry about it', he told himself. 
As the sun began to set, Mike noticed more people walking around. He hoped he would have fun and see what the carnival had to offer in the way of entertainment. "Come on," the woman with the child lake face said to him twenty minutes later. She motioned for him to follow. 
"Where?" Mike asked. 
"You'll see," the woman replied. 
Mike followed her to the back of the carnival and onto a path leading through the woods. Mike hoped there was nothing sinister at the end of the path, but he knew that was just paranoia. 
The woods opened unto a large clearing, similar to the carnival back home in Connecticut. There were many stands and noises and people walking around. Mike immediately took in that there were no rides like a Ferris wheel or what not. But there were at least eleven stands just in his field of vision. 
"Wouldn't want you to miss the fun," the lady said and hurried off away from Mike. 
Mike trudged around the carnival looking for Zelda. He found her among a crowd gathered to watch the fire-eater. Mike winced as the man put the flaming end of a large stick into his mouth. The man showed no emotion other than a proud smile. He took the stick out to show the flame was still there, though it had subsided somewhat. The man showed no signs of bums or pain. Everyone nearby clapped. 
Shauna noticed Mike stare. 
"Amazing how he does that," Mike commented. 
"Yes, that unlike what I do, is a gift," Shauna said. "Not everyone can perform that feat." 
"Don't be hard on yourself. Your act is just as good as a professional celebrity," Mike complimented her. 
"Please, Mike. I'm a sideshow hack in a two-bit carnival. Long way from Broadway or Vegas," Shauna modestly replied. 
“I’m still proud to know you," Mike grinned. 
"You're so sweet," Shauna gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. 
"What else is there to do around here?" Mike asked, hugging her for a moment. 
"I'll show you," Shauna took Mike by the hand and led him throughout the carnival. 
She showed him a contortionist, a wolf-man, a girl with a man's voice and more. Mike began to feel at ease. No one here cared about what they looked like or what mainstream society would think. Even the patrons from the town were laughing and having a good time. 
Mike thought about it. Almost all the members of the carnival had some distinguishing abnormality. But he could see them laughing, crying, joking, and everything normal people do. 
This was brought more into perspective when the carnival was ready to wrap up for the night. 
"You know Mike," one of the performers was telling him. "You seem like you get it. Life isn't just about the perfect body or the most expensive mansion. We're all people. We all feel. Everyone needs to just let go and smile once in a while. Forget about the stress of life, you know. Shauna's a great gal. You could learn a lot from her." 
"She is," Mike agreed. 
“I gave her some of our numbers, and that goes for you too. Anytime you need some help, just call on us. Carnies look out for one another," the performer, a man named Glazin, patted him on the back. 
Mike knew he wasn't exactly ready to join the carnival. He was only doing this for Shauna's sake, until she got the help she needed. But it was good to feel accepted. And not be judged for every little aspect of your life and appearance. 
Mike and Shauna headed back to their car about midnight. Johnny and Lynn saw them off. 
"Be careful now," Lynn said. 
"We will. Hopefully we can make it to Louisiana by morning," Shauna replied, opening the passenger door. 
Mike got in the driver's seat, waved good bye and backed away from the gate. He quickly did a mental check to make sure they had all their bags and everything they came with and then pulled back out onto the main road. 
"So do you still want to know me?" Shauna asked when they were on the main road. 
"Don't say that. Of course," Mike replied. 
"My friends aren't exactly the prom queens and kings of the world," Shauna sighed. 
"How many are?" Mike asked, actually preferring her to the prom queens of the world, at least the ones he knew from his school. 
The sky was pitch black as Mike drove south towards hope, towards safety. He and Shauna were relatively quiet. They listened to talk radio for awhile, then some oldies. Mike had noticed how much open land there was in the U.S. They had passed farms and fields as far as the eye could see. Now the area was getting swampy looking. Mike knew they must be getting into Louisiana. 
Mike thought about Mardi Gras. How fun would that be? He sighed, maybe some other year. It wasn't the right month anyway, and they had more pressing matters to attend to. 
Mike noticed the sky gradually get brighter and brighter. Morning was coming. Soon they started seeing houses and stores and buildings, a welcome sight. "We almost made it," Shauna said happily. There was no sign their assailants knew they were down here already, thankfully. 
"You'll have to lead me to Loretta's," Mike reminded her. 
Shauna began to dictate the direction to go in and the streets to take. After almost half an hour of confusing turns, he stopped outside a two story house with the main entrance on the second floor. A two car garage with the doors closed was on the ground floor. 
Mike turned off the engine and looked around. It was eight forty a.m. and the sky was bright with the full blast of morning. Shauna looked calmer than she had in awhile. 
"Shall we go in?" she asked, opening the passenger door. 
"Let's," Mike took a deep breath and got out of the car. 




Chapter 14


Some birds chirped softly as Mike and Shauna quietly walked up the stairs to the front door.  Shauna took a deep breath and rang the doorbell.  Chimes could be heard echoing throughout the walls of the house.
Shauna shifted impatiently.  Mike grinned nervously.  Just when they thought no one was home, the door shifted, then was opened by a pretty middle-aged woman who looked like she just woke up.
“Shauna!” her eyes lit up when she noticed her friend.
“Hi,” Shauna and Loretta hugged briefly.
When they released each other and stood there a moment too long, Shauna asked, “May I come in?”
“Sure, sure,” Loretta backed up to allow Shauna and Mike entrance.
“Is this your friend?” Loretta eyed Mike as he passed.
“Yep, that’s Mike,” Shauna said.
“Hi,” Mike held out his hand.
“Nice to meet you,” Loretta shook his hand firmly.
“Same here,” Mike smiled.
“Well sit down, please sit down,” Loretta pointed to a large futon under a bay window.
Shauna sat and Mike sat on his hands.
“So, you finally left that carnival.  They never did treat you that well from what I could tell,” Loretta said sitting in an armchair facing the two guests.
“Well, I told you I got in some trouble,” Shauna sighed uneasily.
“Well you’re always safe and welcome here at Loretta’s!” her friend exclaimed.
“Thanks, do you mind if I take a shower?  It’s been a couple days,” Shauna asked.
“Sure, let me get you the towels and shampoo,” Loretta rose and led Shauna out of the room.
“Mike, if you want to watch TV, it’s through that door,” Loretta pointed to the back of the house.
Mike nodded.  He could hear Loretta and Shauna talking and then the water start running.  He wanted to stay out of the way of their girl talk so he found the TV in the den and turned it on.  He watched a rerun of a classic sitcom and then finally the water turned off and a few minutes later Shauna and Loretta found him.
“Mike, dear.  Shauna was telling me you left college for this.  That’s so sweet but I just can’t do that to you.  I’ll help Shauna and pay for your ticket back home, is that alright?”
“Oh sure,” Mike tried to hide his disappointed.  He wanted to keep in touch with Shauna.  Secretly, he wanted to be the big strong man who helped her out of the jam she’s in.
“I don’t know about you two but I’m hungry.  There’s a great deli nearby that delivers.  How about we all get sandwiches?” Loretta suggested.
“Sure,” Mike said agreeably.

Half an hour later, the delivery man knocked on the door and dropped off two large submarine sandwiches.  A whole one for Mike, and a half each for the girls.  They ate at Loretta’s kitchen table which overlooked the alley beyond.
Loretta and Shauna talked away and Mike felt left out.  For dinner they ordered pizza and Loretta let Mike sleep in the guest room while Shauna slept on a cot in Loretta’s bedroom.
Mike lay on his back thinking of the events of the past week.  It sure had been exciting, but in a couple days they’d send him back home to his old, boring life.  He consoled himself by thinking maybe some schoolkids noticed him with Shauna and would add him to the “cool” list.  Or maybe not.
The air was still and humid as he drifted off to sleep.  He didn’t remember dreaming but before he knew it, an alarm next to him was ringing loudly signaling it was nine in the morning.  He grumpily shut it off and got up to stretch.
Shauna and Loretta were already up.  Loretta was reading the morning paper and Shauna was looking at a magazine.
“Mornin’,” Loretta stated.
“Morning,” Mike said happily.
“Mike, the plane ticket is for tomorrow.  Shauna thinks you can still keep this semester in good standing.  Isn’t that great?”
“Sure,” Mike said.  He didn’t really want to go back to school after all this.
“Why don’t you two go around town and see some of the sights before Mike has to go back?” Loretta suggested.
“There’s some museums or neat souvenir shops I could show you,” Shauna suggested.
“Great,” Mike grinned.

An hour later, Mike was walking next to Shauna down a busy street in the heart of the tourist district.  There were all sorts of little coffee shops and stores with collectibles, like one devoted entirely to china dolls.  Mike wasn’t much up for shopping if it wasn’t video games or movies or music, but Shauna seemed interested.  She made Mike follow her into several stores.  He patiently watched.  She bought a couple of items that seemed to make her happy so Mike just went along with it.
As it started getting dark, Shauna led Mike to a restaurant with authentic Southern cuisine.  Mike thought the meal was delicious.  After that, Shauna wanted to get back to Loretta’s.  Mike followed her down a busy street.  His thoughts started wandering but he could always pick out Shauna by her blonde hair so he let his thoughts go astray.  Before he knew it he was in an unfamiliar part of the city that looked a little spooky.  There were voodoo dolls hanging outside one shop window.
“Why’d we go here?” Mike asked the lady next to him.
She seemed to be startled, and when she turned to face him, he realized it wasn’t Shauna.
He blushed in embarrassment.  “Sorry.  Thought you were someone else.”
The lady smirked and rather impolitely walked quickly away from him.  Mike sighed.  Where was he now in relation to Loretta’s?  It was now getting very dark and the street he was on spooked him out.  It was in a section of town that still had cobblestone paving and was closed to cars.  He could see Tarot card readers, fortune tellers, curio shops, and some that looked to be promoting Wicca, voodoo, or the occult.  He felt himself shiver.  A lady who had been standing outside her shop smoking a cigarette noticed his confusion.
“Son, are you lost?” she asked.
Mike wasn’t sure if it was safe to talk to her.  She had a bandana around her head and dangly golden earrings.  She reminded him of Madame Gira, but a real person.
“I think so,” Mike answered uneasily.
“Then come in.  Madame Zola always knows what is best,” she waved for him to approach.
Putting his pride away, Mike followed her into her shop.  There were exotic draperies everywhere, thick candles, and foreign trinkets all over the shelves.  The air smelled of incense.
“Sit, young man.  I am getting a strong vibration from you,” Madame Zola sat on a circular table with a red cloth covering in and a crystal ball in the center.  Mike almost pinched himself to make sure he wasn’t dreaming.
“Do not be afraid.  I will not tell you anything that isn’t true,” Madame Zola said in a confident, steady voice.
Mike reluctantly sat across from her.
“I sense you have lost someone.  Or maybe are about to.  Someone you hold dear to your heart,” Madame Zola started.
“Uh, sort of,” Mike stuttered.
“Wait!” Madame Zola held her hand to her head.  “You are very far from home.  I sense there is a lot of pain in your family.”
“Yeah, my sister eloped and we haven’t heard from her in over a year.  And my aunt and uncle died.”
“So tragic.  You are young to be dealing with such pain, no?” Madame Zola said.
“Whatever.  It just happened sort of,” Mike said uneasily.
“But I sense something else.  You are in love with someone?”
“No, well, there’s girl I kinda like and I’m helping her…,”
“Enough.  Let me see your hands,” Madame Zola commanded.
“My hands?” Mike questioned.
“Yes, your hands,” Madame Zola ordered.
Mike held out both his hands, palms up.
Madame Zola studied them, and moved her index finger across them.
“You have a very strong life line.  You will probably live to be very old, even if faced with danger,” Madame Zola said.
‘That’s good news’ Mike told himself.
“Your love line is weak.  You’ve had a lot of disappointments when it comes to love, haven’t you.  Never had a lasting romance?”
“Well, the girls back home are into their own thing,” Mike stuttered.  He was uncomfortable with how much she knew without him telling her.
“Let me look into your future,” Madame Zola began rubbing the crystal ball.  
She was silent for about two minutes, but looked to be in deep meditation.  All of a sudden she jumped.
“You must leave this city at once!” she exclaimed.
“What?”
“No, no no.  I cannot explain but to say you are not safe here.  You shouldn’t even be wasting time talking to me!” Madame Zola leapt out of her seat and began blowing out half her candles.
“What’s happening?” Mike asked.
“Danger’s on its way for you.  You must escape while you have the time,” Madame Zola looked very uneasy to even have Mike in her shop.
Mike thought for a moment and then bolted out the door to the street.  Was Zola’s panic just some premeditated theatrics to make her look like a real fortune teller?  Or were Zelda’s assailants closing in on them?
He didn’t waste time.  He tried to retrace his steps backwards to somewhere he knew where he was.  Then he took a bus.  The bus driver was very courteous and dropped him three blocks from Loretta’s house.  He ran the rest of the way to safety.
He ran inside, not registering as odd that the door wasn’t locked.  The lights in the front room were all out.  Mike was startled when Shauna entered the room.
“Mike, where have you been?” she demanded.
“I got lost,” Mike stammered.
“It’s okay.  I’m a little worried about Loretta.  She went out a couple hours ago to get some supplies and never came back,” Shauna looked afraid.
“They didn’t find us, did they?” Mike asked, almost knowing the answer.
“Now let’s not get paranoid.  I don’t think they know who Loretta is,” Shauna answered.
Mike sat on the couch, on his hands again.
“I don’t think I should go back home tomorrow,” he finally forced out after a couple minutes of dreadful silence.
“Mike, you have to.  College determines your entire future,” Shauna said.
“I don’t care.  There’s no subject I’m great at anyway,” Mike said sullenly.
“But what about your friends and family?”
“You’re the most real friend I’ve got right now,” Mike replied uneasily.
Shauna seemed to soften then.  “I don’t want you to get hurt,” she told him.
“I’m grown now.  Over eighteen.  I can handle it,” Mike replied.
“Handle armed mobsters?”
“Whatever.  I’ll deal with it.”
“Well, first we have to find where Loretta is,” Shauna replied.
“She’ll be home soon, I hope,” Mike said.
“That’s what it is, a hope.  I just have this bad feeling in the pit of my stomach.”
“Does she have any soda or juice?  I’m famished.”
“Go look in the kitchen,” Shauna sighed.
Mike did so and poured himself a glass of Pepsi.  As he was putting the bottle back, something caught his eye.  There was a postcard on the freezer door held down with a magnet shaped liked a skull.  He didn’t have photographic memory but he could have sworn that wasn’t there before.  He picked up the postcard and turned it over.  A sickening dread filled his stomach as he read the back:
If you want to see your little slutty friend alive, then heed this advice:
To the West lies the promise, back East to the big Empty.  And the Sun always 
watches over its Land.

A name was scribbled in poor penmanship so Mike couldn’t make it out.
“Shauna.  You might want to come in here!” he yelled.
“What?” she asked, looking a little annoyed as she entered the kitchen.
“Look at this,” Mike handed her the postcard.
Her eyes grew wide as she read it.  “They’ve kidnapped Loretta!”
“But where do they have her?”
“They say ‘to the West lies the promise’.  Do they mean the American West?”
“Like California or something?”
“It would take days to get her over there and I’m sure she’d put up a noticeable fight on a plane.”
“New Orleans is the Big Easy, and they mention the Big Empty, whatever that means,” Mike said.
“Maybe just that she’s not in New Orleans anymore,” Shauna sighed.
Shauna sat at the kitchen table, put her head down, and began sobbing.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Mike said, unsure of where all this bravery was coming from.
“No, it’s not.  What if they hurt her?  I’ve brought you into my mess of a life.  The carnival I left probably won’t take me back at this point.  What am I going to do?”
“We’ll think of something,” Mike tried to be consoling.
“But how can we go driving further out west with no leads as to where we’re going?”
“They’re using her as bait so I don’t think they want to hurt us right now.  Let’s get some rest and come up with a strategy in the morning.”
“I’m barely gonna sleep with all this,” Shauna sighed.  Her eyes were bloodshot.
“I know,” Mike sighed.
Eventually, Shauna calmed down and Mike saw to it she was resting safely in Loretta’s bed.  He made sure all the doors and windows were securely locked before he went into the guest room to get some sleep.  He watched the shadows dance on the walls until his eyes got heavy.  Then he drifted off to a nightmare filled sleep.



Chapter 15


Mike woke up naturally about six a.m.  The sun was just coming up, but the sky was overcast.  The whole room seemed dismal and grey.  He yawned and propped himself up on his elbow.
He reminisced about Connecticut for a few minutes.  He missed the safety and comfort of home, but he couldn’t go back now.  He was in too deep.  He rose from bed, got a change of clothes, and went into the shower.
He stayed under the water for almost twenty minutes, then got out and toweled himself off.  Realizing he forgot to take underwear in the bathroom with him, he wrapped a towel around his waist and opened the door to the hall.
He was startled to almost crash into Shauna.
“Hi,” he nodded sheepishly.
Shauna tried not to check him out as she nodded hi back.  Mike stood there uneasily.
“Uh, I’m done in there if you need to use it,” was all he could come up with.
“Okay, thanks,” Shauna nodded.
Mike walked back to the guest room and gently closed the door.  He put on his change of clothes in two minutes, hesitated, then rushed back into the living room.
Shauna was on the couch, resting her head on her hand.
“So,” Mike sat down on a chair across from her.  “What’s the plan?”
“Find Loretta, but where do we start?”
“I’ll get the postcard,” Mike ran into the kitchen and retrieved the mysterious postcard.  He sat down again across from Shauna.  The front was a picture of the pyramids in Egypt.  The back still had the strange note.  “Are there any pyramids out west?”
“No,” Shauna stifled a laugh.  “At least not real ones.”
“Where are fake ones?”
“The Luxor in Las Vegas is shaped like a pyramid.  That’s one possibility.”
“Have you been there before?”
“A couple times.  But that’s a little vague,” Shauna sighed, feeling the situation was hopeless.
“Maybe the mobsters left other clues around the house,” Mike suggested.
“I didn’t notice anything disturbed or out of place,” Shauna replied.
They sat there in uncomfortable silence for a few minutes.  The phone ringing loudly startled them.
“Should we answer it?” Mike gave her a warning look.
“What have we got to lose?  Things can’t get worse,” Shauna got up and started for the phone.
“Put it on speakerphone,” Mike suggested.
Shauna did so and pressed the answer button.
“Hello?”
“Shauna?!  It’s Loretta!”
Mike and Shauna’s heart leapt in their chests.
“Loretta where are you?” Shauna demanded.
“I can’t say much.  I’ve been kidnapped.  I’m in Las Vegas,” Loretta replied.  She sounded nervous and out of breath.
“How’d you get there?” Shauna asked, thinking less than a day was fast to get to Vegas.
“A private jet,” Loretta sounded scared.
“We’re coming for you.   Where in Vegas are you?”
“Wait, no.  There’s a man with a gun in this room watching me.  I can only tell you what they let me,” Loretta said with a raspy voice.
“OK,” Shauna’s eyes widened and she motioned to Mike to listen carefully.
“I’m in one of the casinos somewhere, but I can’t tell exactly.  I was blindfolded and drugged to sleep while being brought in here.  The guys, Rich or Vinny or whatever their names are, said they already told you which one.  They want you guys to bring ten thousand dollars to Las Vegas.  They’ll be watching for you and tell you more when you get there.”
“Ten thousand!  We don’t have that!” Shauna exclaimed.
“There must be a way.  I think they’ll kill me if you guys don’t rescue me.  Please, I’m scared.  This…,” the line suddenly went dead.
“Loretta?  Hello?” Shauna made sure the call was ended before hanging up the phone.
“Great, this is just great,” Shauna trudged back over to the couch.
“Wait,” Mike was hopeful.  “Nevada is full of casinos.  We could win the ten thousand.”
“Fat chance.  The odds of winning even one thousand are stacked against the average person,” Shauna tried not to cry, even though she was already crying on the inside.
“Do you think the Luxor is the place they have her?” Mike asked.
“That’s what the postcard seems to say.”
“Where in Vegas is it?” Mike asked.
“Right on the strip.   You can’t miss it,” Shauna replied.
“Well I guess we have to go there then,” Mike sighed.
“Can you?”
“I’m not letting you go alone,” Mike said, trying to be comforting.
“You’re so sweet.  I don’t know how I’m gonna repay you once this is all over,” Shauna sighed.
“Don’t worry about it.  This is way more interesting than college.”
“Okay.  If we leave by tonight, it might only take two or three days to get there, depending on how much we can drive in one day,” Shauna started looking more alert.  She had a determined look in her eye.
Mike was ready to go right away but Shauna convinced him to have breakfast first and come up with a general plan before setting out.
After packing their things, they made sure Loretta’s house was in order, locked up, and then headed out on their long adventure out West.




Chapter 16


Mike’s old car barreled down the highway.  Traffic was rather light.  They had hundreds of miles to go.  He hoped the car would hold up the whole trip.
After a few hours driving, the sky became very dark and ominous.  Mike and Shauna saw lightning flash in the distance.  The wind began to pick up noticeably.
“Uh-oh.  I hate driving in storms,” Shauna complained.
“We should be OK,” Mike told her.
As they approached the Texas border, the storm got worse and worse.  The windshield wipers were on full speed and it was still hard to see.   The wind felt like it was pushing the old car right off the road.
“I think we better stop for the night.  It’ll be dark soon and this storm looks serious,” Shauna said nervously.
“But I don’t even think we drove five hours today,” Mike protested, feeling brave despite the weather.
“It’s okay.  It’s better to get there late and safe than have something happen on the way,” Shauna said.
“Okay,” Mike resigned.
“Look, I see a sign for a motel!” Shauna pointed.
They pulled into the motel parking lot five minutes later with the rain pouring down.  Neither of them had an umbrella.  They ran from the car to the motel office as fast as they could.
“Howdy, strangers,” a woman, who looked to be in her fifties or early sixties, said from behind a counter.
“Hi,” Shauna smiled.
“We’d like a room with two beds,” Mike said.
“For one night only?” the woman asked.
“Yes,” Mike and Shauna replied together.
“Okay.  That’ll be seventy dollars,” the woman replied, taking out a guestbook.
“You still have plenty of cash, right?” Shauna checked with Mike.
“For now,” he answered.
“Have you heard anything about this storm?” Shauna asked the motel clerk.
“Yes.  It’s a bad one.  Supposed to last all night and into tomorrow.”
“Great,” Shauna sighed.
Mike signed in and paid.  Their room was on the far corner of the motel.  Fortunately there was a canopy over the path to their room so they didn’t get wetter.  Mike opened the door and was a little disappointed.  Their room was a little dingy.  The TV set looked twenty or thirty years old, probably didn’t even have cable.  But the beds looked comfortable.
Mike threw his luggage on the floor and sat on the bed, bouncing up and down a couple times.
“I guess this will do,” he stated.
“It’ll have to,” Shauna said.
Outside, the wind and rain roared loudly.  The raindrops beat forcefully against the wide window.
Shauna went over to the other bed and lay down on her back.  Mike turned on the TV but was dismayed to find only four channels with watchable reception.  When nothing interesting was on the four channels, he reluctantly turned the TV off.
“Are you hungry?” he asked Shauna.
“Not really.  All this stress killed my appetite,” she replied.
“Me too,” Mike sighed.
“Mike?” Shauna asked gently.
“Yes?”
“Do you want to know more about why these guys are after me?”
“Please,” Mike’s heart raced a little faster.  She had been pretty vague up to this point about the whole ordeal.
“Okay, well first of all, I’m not as beautiful as you think I am,” Shauna said.
“What do you mean?  You’re gorgeous,” Mike grinned.
“No, I mean there’s a reason I ended up working in a carnival sideshow,” Shauna started.
“You’re not really a guy, are you?” Mike asked.
Shauna laughed.  “No,” she said, rolling her eyes.
“Then it’s not that bad,” Mike replied.
“You haven’t seen it,” Shauna persisted.
“Seen what?”
“Sit up and I’ll show you,” Shauna stated.
Mike agreeably sat up on the edge of the bed.  Shauna stood and walked a little closer to him.
“Look,” she said and started to lift up her shirt.
Mike was shocked to see the right half of her stomach and part of her side was dark red and grooved, almost like 3rd degree burns.  It stopped below her bra, but Mike couldn’t tell if it went in to her legs or not.  He sat there a moment speechless.  Someone so beautiful was hiding something.  It made him start thinking about the skeletons in other people’s closets.  Maybe other people had problems too, they just weren’t readily apparent.
“Mike, so are you okay with it?” Shauna asked.  “Do you still want to know me?”
“Of course.  Why’d you tell me now?”
“Well I brought you into my problems, so you deserve some answers.   I figured if I told you when we first met, you would have dismissed me as some carnival freak.  But now we’re getting to know each other.  And I saw how concerned you were about my friend, who you only knew less than a day.  A guy that cares about his girlfriend’s friends can’t be that bad.”
“So was it from a burning accident as a child?” Mike wanted to know more.
“No, I’ve had it since I can remember.”
“Does it hurt?”
“No, I can’t even feel it, even if I touch my stomach,” Shauna replied.
“So that’s why those guys are bothering you?” Mike asked.
“Yes.  It’s a long story, but they have pictures of me practically naked with the redness showing.  And they threatened to give them to the wrong people,” Shauna said.
“But making such a big deal over that?  Why?” Mike asked.
“It’s a bigger deal than you think.  I never wanted to go swimming as a child.  I was shy in gym class and tried to refuse to change.  When they made me, word spread, and I was your typical outcast.  My dad beat me up about it.  No one else in the family had such a thing.  So a week before I turned eighteen, I ran away.   When I realized I had to eat and live somewhere, I met some guys from a carnival.   They knew someone who went to high school with me.  They talked me into living and working for the carnival and the rest has been my life ever since,” Shauna said and took a deep breath at the end.
“Wow,” Mike was trying to ingest all the new info Shauna was giving him.
“So we’re still in this together, right?  Unless it bothers you too much,” Shauna said.
“I can live with it,” Mike was sure he meant it.  The most selfish reason was that at least it would lessen his competiton.  “And I never even suspected.”
“Well if I wear proper clothing, no one would know.  And those magic act gowns are full bodied.  I’d rather be known for a talent than stand there getting change thrown at me like the bearded lady,” Shauna told him.
“I still think you’re beautiful,” Mike wasn’t going to let anything take his new girlfriend away so easily.  Finding this out almost made him like her more, because he sensed a fragileness that it gave her.  Unlike some girls who were mean and catty and only cared about themselves.  He’d run into a few of those kinds of girls at school.  Shauna seemed old fashioned, more delicate like women used to be.  Or at least they used to be delicate in the movies.
A loud clap of thunder made both of them jump.
“Well I’m almost ready for bed,” Shauna said.  “It’s been a long day.”
“I’ll say,” Mike replied.
Shauna went in the bathroom first to shower and change.  Mike went in next.  When they got in bed and shut out the lights, the rain seemed to almost get louder and heavier in response.
Shauna fell asleep quickly but Mike stayed awake for an hour, staring at the shadows dancing against the window.  Finally, he lulled off to a peaceful sleep.




Chapter 17


When morning broke, Mike was disappointed to find it was still pouring rain.  He got out of bed and opened the window curtain.  The rain seemed worse than the night before.
Mike groaned.  He was anxious to get moving.  But then again, he had no idea if he was going to return home anytime soon.  He always wanted to see California.  Maybe he could stay out there once he got there.  He truly wasn’t happy with his Connecticut college.
Shauna stirred and opened her eyes.  She noticed Mike staring at the rain.
“Beautiful day, huh?” she asked sarcastically.
“The best!” Mike said with faked enthusiasm.
“What should we do?” Shauna asked, sitting up in bed.
“I don’t want to drive in weather this bad.  Maybe it will only be a couple more hours,” Mike said.
“I’m starving.  Are you?”
“Always.”
“Maybe the owner knows somewhere close to eat,” Shauna said.
“Let’s ask.”
“First, we need to change,” Shauna reminded him.
“Right,” Mike agreed.
Shauna went in the bathroom and came out ten minutes later looking fresh and ready to go.  Mike went in and quickly switched to his day clothes.  He didn’t bother brushing his teeth or combing his hair.
Then they trudged over to the motel office.  The same lady as last night was behind the counter.
“Hi, ready to check out?” she asked.
“No, not yet.  Is this weather supposed to last?” Shauna asked.
“All day, I’m afraid.  It’s a doozy,” the lady replied chirpily.
“Is there anywhere close by to eat?” Mike asked.
“Well there’s a pizza place close by that always delivers here.  Everything else is at least a fifteen minute drive,” the lady replied.
“Sounds good to me,” Mike said.  He was always in the mood for pizza.
“I’ll write the number down for you,” the lady took out a pad and scibbled the pizzeria’s number on it.
Shauna took it, thanked the lady, and walked back outside with Mike.

Half an hour later, they were enjoying hot, fresh pizza and diet coke, which Shauna convinced Mike to order instead of regular.
Mike devoured three slices like he hadn’t eaten in days.  Shauna calmly ate two.
“What do we do with the last piece?” Mike asked after both of them were stuffed.
“Just throw it out.  We’re not taking it with us,” Shauna replied.
The rain continued relentlessly for hours.  The day seemed to drag on forever.  Nothing good was on TV.  Mike missed conveniences like his computer or his DVD collection.
Slowly, toward evening, the downpour faded down to a drizzle.  Mike and Shauna were relieved.  They decided to just get going.  They had wasted enough time.
They returned their keys, thanked the motel clerk, and trudged over to the car.  Mike got behind the wheel, backed out of the parking lot, and started once again down the highway.
After about an hour’s drive, Mike’s stomach started growling.  Shauna heard it.
“Starving, again?” she asked in mock shock.
“I’m still growing.  I’m always starving,” Mike joked.
“At nineteen?” Shauna thought he should be full grown by now.
“Growing out, at least,” Mike joked.
Shauna smiled.  “Well if you want to stop to eat, that’s fine with me.  But since we lost so much time, I think we should drive until midnight if we can.”
“First things first, let’s eat,” Mike said excitedly.
After a few more minutes, they passed a Texas style restaurant with a huge parking lot.  They could hear music playing from inside.  It seemed a little rowdy but Mike convinced Shauna to let him stop there.
He parked in between two pick-up trucks.  Mike and Shauna heard laughter and loud voices as they approached the entrance.
None of the many patrons paid them any attention as they walked in.  There were pool tables and dart boards as well as a few stand-up video game machines.  Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Mike saw every table for meals was full.  A hostess was nowhere in sight.
“Do we just seat ourselves?” Mike whispered to Shauna.
“I guess so.  Look, there’s room at the bar,” Shauna nudged him.
“Great.  I can finally have a beer,” Mike grinned.
“If they don’t card you.  But a place like this doesn’t look like they would,” Shauna whispered back.
Mike remembered Shauna had been over twenty-one for a few years now and he still had about two years to go.  He didn’t know much about drinking, having not associated with any of the fraternities on campus.  A couple times at New Year’s Eve, his family had let him try champagne or some wine on special occasions.  He just thought they were so-so.
They approached the bar and sat on the stools.  The bartender was busy talking to a pretty redhead in a button-up plaid shirt.  It looked like she had no bra on underneath.  Finally he noticed them, and came over.
“What’ll it be, strangers?” he asked with a thick accent.
“Do you have a menu?” Shauna asked politely.
“Sure,” he replied and took out two menus from under the counter and lay them down on the bar in front of Shauna and Mike.
He then walked away and immediately returned his attention to the redhead.
The menu had a lot of spicy items like chili or barbecue ribs.  When the bartender finally came back he decided on a beer and barbecue hamburger.  Shauna ordered Buffalo chicken wings and a seltzer.
When the beer came, Mike was a little startled by the taste.  He tried to not let it show that he wasn’t a regular beer drinker.  Shauna sipped her seltzer.
Just then, someone tapped Shauna on the shoulder and before she could even turn around, already started a sleazy pick-up line.
“Hey baby, what’s a pretty thing like yourself doing all by your lonesome?”
Shauna turned around to face him and groaned in disgust.  It was someone she knew, a guy she had dated a couple years ago.  It had ended badly, to say the least.
The guy looked taken aback a moment, and then said, “Oh, it’s YOU.”
Shauna made a face.  “I wish I could say it’s nice to see you again.”
“Right.  Are you here alone?” he asked.
“No, I’m with Mike,” Shauna pointed to Mike, sitting next to her.  Mike looked at the guy.  He looked like he worked out a lot.  Mike wasn’t good at fights.  He tried to be discrete.  
“Well, I’m gonna help your little friend out, as a true gentleman would,” the guy said and started to move towards Mike.
Mike thought he was gonna punch him, and felt his defenses going up.  But instead, the guy just put a hand on his shoulder, leaned close, and said, “Listen bud, just man to man, you don’t want this one.  Believe me.  You’re young and there are plenty others to choose from.  So take my advice, stay away.”
“Why would I?” Mike suddenly felt very protective of Shauna.
The guy’s friend had approached and now both were standing uncomfortably close to Mike and Shauna.
“Look, buddy.  Just trust me.  I used to go out with this chick.  She’s not what you think.  How can I put it?  She may look pretty from here, but once you go to seal the deal with her, boy will you be in for a rude awakening.  I almost ran for the hills when I found out.”
Mike knew he was talking about Shauna’s disfigured stomach.  He suddenly felt angry, like he wanted to punch the guy out.  But he knew he wasn’t very strong and the guy would probably dump him upside down in a garbage can if Mike tried to fight.
“I know,” Mike said.  It was all he could come up with that wasn’t hostile.
“You know.  You know what?  That she’s a freak?” the guy asked, indignantly.
“I don’t care,” Mike said, a little louder and more forcefully.
“What?” the guy looked disgusted.  He couldn’t believe anyone could be attracted to Shauna.
Mike noticed a tear form in Shauna’s eyes.
“I don’t care.  Now leave us alone,” Mike said firmly.
The guy looked angry and like he was about to get violent, but his friend just pushed him in the back and said, “Leave him alone, Dan, maybe he’s a freak, too.”
The two guys walked away snorting in disgust.  Mike noticed they left the restaurant a few minutes later.  Mike could tell Shauna was holding back tears.  Whatever happened between them must have been painful.
“Are you okay?” he asked her.
“Yes, that was just some jerk from my past who I hoped to never see again,” Shauna wiped her eyes.
“Did he dump you because of the redness on your…,” Mike started.
“Yes,” Shauna interrupted.
“Personally, I thought immaturity like that ended in grade school,” Mike said.
“So did I.  But I guess it doesn’t,” Shauna said.  “Now let’s eat,” she said, noticing a waitress bringing over their food.
They ate in uncomfortable silence the rest of the meal.  A few times, Mike glanced over at Shauna.  She seemed to be remembering something painful.  Now he understood her a little better.  When he first met her, he didn’t know what she was doing in some lowly carnival.  He sensed there was a lot more pain in her past besides being dumped by some guy named Dan.
When they got back on the road, Shauna suddenly said, “You know, I think I may know a way to get the money to free Loretta.”
“I thought we were going to gamble for it in Vegas,” Mike said.  He had never been in real casinos before.
“What do you know about gambling?” Shauna asked him.
“If we keep playing, we’re bound to win sooner or later,” Mike said brightly.
“No offense, but that proves you don’t know much about gambling.  The house always has the advantage.  We’d just be fooling ourselves.  There has to be another way to get money.  And I think I know what,” Shauna said.
“What?”
“Don’t get mad though.  It’s a little out of our way, but I know some people that may be able to help.”
“How far out of our way?”
“Kansas,” Shauna grimaced.
“How far is that?” Mike wasn’t the best at geography.
“Well, we’d have to start going north instead of west.  Two states north, to be exact,” Shauna said.
“Okay, I’m game,” Mike was ready for any valid ideas on how to end this mess they were in.
“I’ll direct you,” Shauna said, surprised he was so agreeable.
Five minutes later, she had Mike turn off the highway on an exit, go through a couple side roads, and then get another highway going north.
“Where exactly are these people you know?” Mike asked as they sped north through the night sky.
“McReedy’s Circus,” Shauna smiled.
“Great,” Mike replied.  ‘More carnies.  This should be interesting’ he thought to himself.
Overhead, the sky was clear now, and the night stars and crescent moon shown down on them as they headed north for the next segment of their adventure.




Chapter 18


While driving through Oklahoma, Mike saw nothing but cornfields as far as the eye could see.  He wondered what people did for fun out here.  It looked like there was nothing but farms.
Fortunately, they did pass a small town and stopped to go to the bathroom, fill up the gas tank, and get a coffee.  They rested there for about twenty minutes, but Shauna convinced Mike to not get another hotel room yet.  She estimated they could be at the circus before daybreak if they kept driving.  Plus, there’d be no traffic.
The few hours driving seemed to drag on forever.  Shauna had nodded off to sleep in her seat.  Mike felt alert even though he had started yawning.  Once he saw the sign that they were entering Kansas, he nudged Shauna awake.  It was four a.m.
Shauna lazily stirred to life.  “Where are we?” she asked.
“We just went in to Kansas.  I need directions,” Mike said.
For the next hour, Shauna led Mike on a series of secluded back roads and turns and bends.  He wondered how she knew the way so well.  Finally, they came to a wooded area.  Mike could see a big top circus tent about two hundred yards away.
He felt excitement come up in him as he approached the tent.  There were no cars in the clearing in front of the tent so he parked by a tree near the entrance.
There were spotlights twenty feet tall that illuminated the area.  The tent must have been at least twelve feet tall with yellow and light red vertical stripes.  Mike and Shauna got out of the car and approached an entrance which was closed.
Overhead, the sun was just beginning to rise, but it was still mostly dark.  It was a little after five in the morning.
“Do people live here?” Mike asked.
“Yes, in the back,” Shauna informed him and started walking around a small side path that led behind the tent.
The tree branches hung low over the path and it was very dark and hard to see.  The tent went back deeper than Mike thought.  They walked all the way to the back and then made a right.  Mike saw some cheaply constructed buildings as well as some tents.
‘This must be where the performers live’ he thought.
Shauna went to the building closest to the back of the big top and knocked on the door.  At first, they heard nothing.  Shauna knocked again.  Then all of a sudden, they heard loud shuffling from inside.
“I’m coming, I’m coming, I’m sorry I overslept.  It won’t happen…,” the man who opened the door stopped in mid-sentence as he saw who was outside waiting.
“Who are you?” he demanded.
“Think back a few years,” Shauna hinted slyly.
The man stared Shauna down, then a warm expression appeared on his face.  “Shauna, that isn’t you, is it?  It couldn’t be.”
“It is.”
“I can’t believe it.  After all these years, you finally visited!” he exclaimed and invited them into his house.
The house was small and rather cramped.  It was cluttered with too much furniture, posters all over the walls, and various knick-knacks all over the shelves and countertops.  On the other hand, it seemed rather cozy.
“Most everyone’s still asleep.  We have a few new people, but the old gang will be thrilled to see you again!” the man exclaimed and immediately began preparing a pot of coffee.
Mike watched him more closely.  He was a little on the short side, had a pot belly, and a gray unkempt beard that was thicker in some places and thinner in others.
“Sit, sit,” the man motioned to an old couch.
Shauna and Mike did so.  Mike whispered in Shauna’s ear, “What’s this guy’s name?”
“Rox,” Shauna replied.  “With an x.”
“So what brings you out here?” Rox asked.
“We’re in a bit of trouble.”
“Uh-oh.  What kind of trouble?” Rox’s face became serious.
“I ran away from my carnival and we’re headed west to rescue a friend of mine,” Shauna knew that left a lot out of the explanation, but she didn’t want to worry everyone, at least not yet.
“Oh right, last I heard you were going to help with a magic act with what’s his name’s traveling show,” Rox said.  “Didn’t you like it?”
“I loved it.  But some things happened, and, now here we are,” Shauna smiled uneasily.  She planned to not bring up needing money until at least several hours had passed.
The air was suddenly pierced by a loud rooster’s crow.
“Oh, Bessie’s up.  She won’t be satisfied till she’s woken the whole circus,” Rox exclaimed.
The rooster continued screeching and guffawing for almost five minutes.  It was beginning to get on Mike’s nerves.  Then all of a sudden, she stopped and the air was quiet again.
“Coffee’s ready,” Rox said cheerfully, and poured three cups.  He handed one to Shauna and Mike and then took his own.
“Well most everyone should be up now.  But we’ll give them a few minutes to get awake and dressed,” Rox stated.
“Does the rooster do that every morning?” Mike asked.
“Oh yes.  As soon as the sun starts rising,” Rox exclaimed.  “By the way, I don’t think we’ve met.  I’m Rox.”
“Mike,” Mike shook his hand.
“Are you helping Shauna out?”
“Yep.”
“Were you with her carnival?” Rox asked.
“No, we met in the town her carnival stopped at.  I lived in Connecticut,” Mike replied.
“Oh, well I guess that doesn’t happen every day.  Most normies don’t want to befriend carnies,” Rox said.
“Mike is different than other boys,” Shauna said.  “He’s been so sweet to me.”
Mike felt himself starting to blush.
“Well nice to meet you, Mike,” Rox exclaimed.  “Any friend of Shauna’s is a friend of ours.”
“Thank you,” Mike blushed and took a sip of coffee.  He cringed at the taste.  It was bitter, almost acrid, even with cream and sugar in it.  He pretended to like it and hoped no one else noticed his initial repulsion.  He didn’t want to be rude.
“Well everyone should be getting up soon.  But we won’t hurry them,” Rox started.  He then went on a long speech of what happened with the circus the past few years.  The detail was a little too much.  
Mike looked over at Shauna.  She seemed to be engrossed, but he was getting bored.  He feigned interest as best as he could.  Rox went on and on about specific performances, highlights, backstage shenanigans, and whatever else he could think of to pass the time.
After what seemed like over an hour, he sighed and concluded his speech.  Shauna smiled.
Mike nodded and went to take a sip of coffee which he hadn’t touched since his first sip.  It was more out of nervous habit.   If he thought first, he would have realized it was completely cold now and even more disgusting.
“Oh, I’m sorry.  You’re not a coffee drinker yet?” Rox seemed apologetic.
“No, I’m just not thirsty right now,” Mike replied, though he had started getting used to the taste of coffee since he first started drinking it a couple years ago.
“Oh well, let me clean up,” Rox took the cup out of Mike’s hand.  “Why don’t you two go outside and see who else is out and about?”
“Sure,” Shauna agreeably got out of her seat.
Mike did the same.

They stepped out into the sunshine.  There was a brisk coolness to the air.  Mike was used to what the warning signals of autumn in Connecticut were like, but he could sense it even in Kansas.
Mike looked around.  He noticed a man, or what he thought was a man in the distance raking some leaves and brush.  The man was covered in body hair, no, fur, like an animal.  He was wearing clothes but his arms and legs and most of his face was covered in the most body hair Mike had ever seen on a man.  Mike wondered if it was a costume.
“Is that guy in a costume?” he nudged Shauna and pointed to the man.
“No, it’s lycanthropy,” Shauna replied.
“What?” Mike was unfamiliar with the word.
“He’s our wolf-man.  It’s a disorder.  But don’t worry, he doesn’t bite.”
“Like a werewolf?” Mike was stunned.  He had never heard of such a thing.
“Yes, but human,” Shauna replied.  “And doesn’t bite.  He’s actually quite nice.  Why don’t you go over and talk to him?”
That made Mike uncomfortable.  “Uh, why don’t you?”
“A little prejudice we’re feeling, are we?” Shauna teased.  She was comfortable to how people reacted to her and her friends.  She was just playing with Mike for jest.
“No, then let’s go together,” Mike said and started walking toward the “wolf-man”, who was oblivious to them.
Just then, a shrill voice called out, “Shauna, could that be you?!”
Mike jumped a little, slightly startled by how high-pitched the voice was.  He and Shauna turned to see an extremely large woman coming over to them.  She reminded Mike of Olga, from Shauna’s own circus.  But this “fat lady” was less attractive.  Olga seemed kind, almost delicate despite her weight.  This one seemed more butch.  She had large tattoos that Mike thought were very unattractive.
“Hi, Liona,” Shauna smiled and gave the woman a quick hug, as best she could.
“Hey, what brings you to these parts?  Last I heard you were with Malagio’s Traveling Carnival.”
“I was.  But I left,” Shauna explained.
“Why?  Were they abusing you?” Liona looked alarmed and sympathetic.
“No, but I got in some trouble, and…” Shauna started but couldn’t finish her sentence.
“You better call them.  Have you yet?” Liona demanded.
“No.  They must be in upstate New York or New England by now,” Shauna replied.
“It’s settled.  Come to my cabin and you can call them,” Liona insisted like “no” wasn’t an option.
Shauna grudgingly agreed.  She just hoped Rich or Pete didn’t pick up when she called.  They were the ones partially responsible for this mess.
Liona led the two to her cabin which looked like a mess on the outside, but on the inside, Mike was astonished.  There were pin-up girl posters all over the walls and playbills from old theatre shows.  Mike even thought he saw a couple Vaudeville ones, but he couldn’t be sure since he wasn’t an expert on the subject.
The furniture was neat and looked expensive, some to be antiques.  Liona took out an old rotary phone, complete with cord and handle and gave it to Shauna.
“Here goes nothing,” Shauna smiled as she dialed the main number for her carnival.
It rang and rang.  Just when she thought no one would answer, Sharla picked up the line.  “Hello?”
“Hi, Is this Sharla?  It’s me, Zelda,” Shauna said uneasily.
“Zelda?  Where the hell are you?   Everyone is worried sick.  You gone missing is all anyone can talk about!”
“I’m safe.  I’m with friends in Kansas,” Shauna replied.
She heard Sharla gasp.  “Kansas?  We’re in Vermont!  How the hell’d you get all the way to Kansas?”
“A friend drove me,” Shauna replied.
“Are you coming back?” Sharla sounded like she missed her.
“I don’t know.  There’s some things I have to take care of first,” Shauna explained.
“Like what?”
“Things I don’t want spreading around and getting to certain someones, if you get my drift,” Shauna said.
“Oh, you mean, Rich and Pete.  Yeah, they’re assholes, I agree.  They probably wouldn’t even take you back at this point.”
“How’s Talos?”
“He’s okay.  They closed down the magic tent for the rest of the season.  No one wants to see just some middle-aged ugly guy do tricks.  You were what made the show!”
“I know, I’m sorry, but it was something I had to.  Just please tell everyone I’m safe.  Especially Lara, Rhonda, and the gang,” Shauna said, a tear coming to her eye.
“I will.  Take care, honey.  And good luck with whatever it is you have to do,” Sharla said.
“Thanks,” Shauna put the receiver back in its place.
Mike wanted to give her a hug, but didn’t.
“They sound worried,” Liona looked on at the scene disapprovingly.
“Speaking of worried, you better call home to your mother, Mike,” Shauna said sternly.
“But…,” Mike started to protest.  He was having so much fun and feeling like such a grown-up.
“It’s family.  You have to.  She’s probably sick with worry the way you left things in Pennsylvania,” Shauna said.
“Alright,” Mike sighed.
He nervously dialed the number home.  He was expecting a lecture.  He was surprised when someone other than his mother answered.  He recognized the voice as his other aunt, Dotty.
“Hello?”
“Hi, it’s Mike,” Mike said.
“You mean my nephew Mike?” his only living aunt said.  She sounded relieved and angry at the same time.
“Yeah, uh, hi,” Mike stuttered.
“Well, you’ve got your mother in a mess.  Here, I’ll get her.  You can explain to her what you’ve been doing.”
Mike suddenly felt twelve years old again.  Other kids his age went to other states for college and everyone was fine with it.  Why should he have to justify growing up?
“Mike,” Wilma suddenly came on the line.  She sounded like she was trying not to cry.
“Hi,” Mike said sheepishly.
“Are you okay?  You haven’t called in days.  You said you were coming right back.  I thought something happened to you,” Wilma began to ramble hysterically.
“Ma, I’m fine.  I’m safe with new friends,” he told her.
“Are you sure you can trust these people you just met?”
“I’m sure.”
“Is it the carnival girl and her friends?”
Mike wished his mother would stop calling Shauna “the carnival girl.”  It sounded demeaning.
“Her name is Shauna,” Mike told her.
“Yes, I seem to remember.  Well, just to let you know, your aunt has been living with me the past week.  With all this going on, even before what you did, I just can’t stand being alone in this house.”
“I understand, but I’m gonna have to be away another week, at least,” Mike told her the bad news.
“Oh Mike, I know you think you’re an adult now, what with being nineteen and all, but really, don’t you think you’re getting carried away?” Wilma seemed to be frustrated, but she knew legally, there was nothing she could do.
“It’s important to me,” was Mike’s reply.
“Well, alright.  Please call every few days.  At least in the beginning.  That is, if you’re not coming home,” Wilma said, exasperatedly.
“I’ll be home.  I just don’t know when,” Mike said.
“Well, be careful.  You’re an adult, so you know, if anything happens, there’s less I can do now.”
“I know,” Mike felt a pit of guilt forming in his stomach.
“Well, take care,” Wilma said and hung up before Mike could say anything else.
Mike looked around.  Shauna and Liona had overheard everything.
“She sounds like she loves you,” Liona said solemnly.
“She’s a nice woman.  I met her,” Shauna added.
Mike sighed and slouched in his chair. 
All of a sudden, Liona brightened.  “You two are staying into this evening, right?  We have a show scheduled.  I bet Mike would love to see it.”
“Sure,” Shauna replied.
“What’s it like?” Mike asked.
“Oh, we have everything.  Wild animals like elephants and lions, acrobats, performers, freaks, the whole nine yards!  We usually draw a decent crowd,” Liona said enthusiastically.  She seemed like she loved being here.  For some, Mike guessed, this was preferable to the stress and the coldness of the outside world.  It was a safe haven where it didn’t matter what you looked like or if you were a little different.  Everyone was special in their own right.  Other than having Shauna as a friend, Mike didn’t feel so special.  He felt like a circus freak too, just a different kind of one.  A loner, an everyday outcast.
“Well I can’t wait,” Shauna interrupted Mike out of his reverie.
“What’s there to do until then?” Mike asked, a little obnoxiously.
“Let me show you around and help you meet some more people,” Shauna livened up.
Mike and Shauna met the day meeting everyone.  Some of them, Shauna hadn’t met before.  And some people she remembered were no longer there.  Just like Rox had said.
Mike ate hot dogs and candy from a stand and the day drifted by.  Pretty soon, nightfall came and he could hear crowds and commotion starting in the big top.  Shauna told him to go find a seat and watch.  She would stay backstage.
Mike agreed and entered into a circus tent that was quickly filling up with townsfolk and visitors from all over.  He walked around to the bleachers, climbed up to about the center middle and sat.  Crowds kept pouring in, but slowly the pace dropped.
The tent was about two thirds full when the lights went down and the circus show started.  Mike watched with eager anticipation.




Chapter 19


The murmurings of the crowd came to a hush as the lights dimmed and then went out completely, leaving the tent in total blackness for a few moments.  Then a spotlight appeared in the center ring, and a portly man with a large moustache stepped out.
“Welcome, ladies and gentlemen.  Come one, come all to see the sights and spectacles of McReedy’s Circus!” he exclaimed.
Three more spotlights came on, illuminating most of the center stage.  Right then, music started blaring, and two elephants walked out calmly across the stage.  They were adorned in faux jewelry and decorative mats.  Three petite dancing triplets also came out from the other directions, doing ballet steps.  They had on tutus and delicate pink heels.  Mike could tell their make-up made their faces look completely white, a contrast to their heavy blue eyeliner and thick red lipstick.  Their hair was blonde and frizzy.  The two elephants stopped center ring and the triplets did a dancing routine lasting about seven minutes.  They were quite agile on their feet.
Next, they went to sit on a large overturned drum and two men came out with bowling pins in each hand.  They did a juggling act, first juggling by themselves, and then throwing the pins back and forth to each other.  It was typical circus fare, nothing out of the ordinary yet.  The jugglers bowed and some people in the audience clapped.  The jugglers then went to sit on another drum opposite the dancing triplets.
Then the ringleader came back out.  “How we doing folks?  That was just a warm up, now prepare to meet Jay and May, who will defy gravity and do wonders before your eyes!”
Mike saw a man climbing up the ladder to a tightrope and a woman climbing up a ladder on the other side of the tightrope.  He also noticed hanging rings being lowered from the ceiling.  Acrobats, Mike thought to himself.
Jay started by walking across the tightrope carefully.  But when he did a little dance in the middle, everyone was stunned.  Some cheered.  He then turned and walked sideways to the other platform where he shook hands with May.  May then did her act across the tightrope, where part of the way, she hopped on one foot.
Mike heard the woman behind him whisper to her husband, “That’s amazing!  How in the world do they do that without falling?  I never could.”
Her husband just grunted in response.
Then Jay got hold of one of the rings and May the other, they started swinging on them.  Then May somersaulted in the air and Jay caught her as he turned upside down and hung from his ring by his feet.  They continued with an astonishing display of skill and dexterity for a few more minutes.  By the time they were finished, the audience was just glad the acrobats hadn’t hurt themselves.  Most people clapped.
Then the elephants were led off the stage and the lion tamer came out.  The lion looked ferocious and angry but the tamer kept it at bay, sometimes teasing it.  The two did a five minute show.  All Mike knew; he wouldn’t want to be alone with a lion like that.
Next a little car drove into the center of the stage.  People started gasping as clown after clown came out.  All were dressed differently, some with blue hair, some with red hair.  They all looked silly, typical clown costumes.  Mike heard some little kids in the audience gasp and cheer.  All together there were seven clowns.  They did tricks like make balloon animals and pull endless handkerchiefs out of their pocket.  They pretended to hit each other, like the Three Stooges.  They made funny faces, danced around, and just acted silly.  Their act was almost ten minutes.
Next, the tent went pitch black again.  People whispered uncomfortably.  It was a little too dark, almost scary.  Then a loud howl pierced the air.  A spotlight went on, and the wolf-man jumped out on stage.  A few little kids screamed in shock and their parents tried to hush them up.  The wolf-man acted mean and angry, like a monster.  Then other costumed monsters and general freaks came out.  There was a vampire, a mummy, a giant, and others.  Some people were disgusted.  Mike heard the woman below him comment, “That’s a shame.  To have to go through life looking like that.”  Mike knew some were just in costume, but the others it was the real them.
Finally, Liona came out.  Mike sensed her act was the last.  She was wearing a pretty dress but her tattoos still showed.  She began to sing in an operatic voice.  Mike was surprised at how good she was.  She hit all the high notes perfectly.  He didn’t know anything about opera, so he didn’t know if she was singing a classic song or one made just for the circus, but he was impressed.  Finally, she hit her highest, most prolonged note, which could almost break glass, and then the show was over.
The ringleader and several of the performers came out and bowed.  The audience clapped, the lights came back on, and that was that, Mike figured.  Everyone got up and slowly filed out of their seats and out the exit.  The whole process took at least fifteen minutes.  Mike stayed where he was.  He didn’t want to get trampled and he was going backstage to see Shauna anyway.  After it was clear enough, he descended the bleachers and headed backstage.

There was a bustle of activity backstage.  Some of the performers rudely bumped into Mike and didn’t say ‘Excuse me’.  Mike noticed Shauna in the back talking to somebody.
As he approached, he overheard the end of the conversation.
“I’m sorry, Shauna.  We just don’t make that kind of money any more.  I’d love to help, but we’re struggling.  A few years ago, I could have said yes.  But now, we’re lucky if we’re half full most nights.  Tonight was a good one, the crowd is usually worse.  I don’t know what to tell you,” the woman said to Shauna in a firm, but gentle voice.
“Great,” Shauna looked deeply distressed.
Mike assumed she was trying to borrow money to free Loretta.  After all, that is supposedly why they came up here.
“Hi,” he approached with his hands in his pockets.
“Hey,” Shauna sighed.
“Hi, I’m Betty,” the woman held out her hand.
Mike shook it.  “Mike.  Shauna’s friend.”
“I know she told me what a gentleman you are,” Betty replied.
Mike just nodded.
“Well I have to be going.  You’re welcome to stay a few days.  I wish I could help.  Really, I feel terrible.  The girl is in Vegas, right.  Maybe you should buy a book on how to gamble and win,” Betty shrugged her shoulders and departed the scene.
“They don’t have enough money,” Mike asked Shauna knowingly.
“No,” Shauna uttered and put her hands on her head.
“What are we going to do?  If anything happens to Loretta, I’ll feel like I caused it!” Shauna looked like she was becoming hysterical.
“It’s okay.  I’ll win at poker or something when we get to Vegas,” Mike put his arm around her.
“With a fake ID, huh?” Shauna asked with bloodshot eyes.
“Everyone does it.  Half the fraternity guys do worse than that underage.  I hear all about it,” Mike told her.  “Of course, I’m never included,” he added.
“I wouldn’t worry about people like that.  I almost joined a sorority.  But you know, it’s just an illusion they make up that they’re so great to be around.  You’re better off with people who will help you when you really need it,” Shauna said.
“So what are we going to do?” Mike asked.  Then an idea struck him.  “Remember that lady we met in the restaurant a while ago.  Polly, was that her name?”
“Polly West.  Why?”
“She said call on her if you ever needed help, remember?  She gave us her number.  Do you still have it?”
“Yes, but she’s only a waitress.  I seriously doubt she has ten grand stuck away,” Shauna said, exasperated.
“But maybe she knows people, you know what I’m saying.  There’s gotta be a way,” Mike said, desperate to not fail Shauna and Loretta.
“Well,” Shauna shrugged and sounded to liven a little.  “I guess it wouldn’t hurt to call.”
“Of course not.  Let’s do it,” Mike said, eagerly prodding Shauna along.
“Okay, but I’ll do the talking,” Shauna said and led him back to an office.
She sat down at a desk and picked up a white phone.
“Yes, operator.  I’d like to make a long distance call,” Shauna said.
There was a moment of silence and then Shauna recited Polly’s number having taken out of her wallet.
Mike heard the two exchange pleasantries for five minutes.  Then the conversation became serious when Shauna told Polly what happened.  At something Polly said, Shauna began smiling.
“Really, you can do that?  And quickly?  I don’t think these guys are messing around,” Shauna said.
“Great,” Shauna said and hung up the phone.  She turned to Mike.  “Guess what!  We have a chance.”
“She does have the money,” Mike said the first thing that came to his mind.
“No, but she used to belong to a cabaret.  She knows still knows all the burlesque dancers.  They haven’t performed in a while, but Polly said they’re all still beautiful even at forty-something!”
Mike was failing to see the connection between that and ten thousand dollars.  “And…?”
“They can put on a show.  Believe me, they used to draw huge crowds.  Hopefully, we could make a huge profit.”
“You think enough people will show up here?” Mike was skeptical.
“Their act is a little racy for Kansas.  It’ll be something they don’t see everyday.”
“Isn’t burlesque where they have those skimpy outfits and kick their legs up to their eyes?  Won’t that just offend the townsfolk if we do it here?” Mike asked.
“Mike, there are horny men everywhere.  You should know that.  And believe me, if these girls can still put on a show like they used to, then we’re in.  I’ll go ask Rox and the others,” Shauna got out of her chair and started heading for the office door.
Mike had never seen her so excited.  He liked her and had faith in her.  He just thought her plan was jumping the gun a little, be he was willing to go along.  He followed her out the door into the crowd.




Chapter 20

Mike followed Shauna over to where Rox was.  She told him all about the plan.
“How fast can you advertise and get an audience?” Shauna demanded.
“Not tomorrow.  The day after, maybe, but not tomorrow,” Rox replied.
Mike groaned.  Another day here.  Great.
“And we’ll split the profits, 50 – 50?” Shauna asked eagerly.
“Since you’re bringing in the talent, yes I think we can do that,” Rox said.
“Great.  It’s settled,” Shauna then started giving out details and what to put on the advertisements.  Rox said he would advertise on the local public radio and TV stations and put flyers everywhere.
Shauna then eagerly left Mike standing by himself while she went to go contact Polly with more details.  Mike uneasily looked around him.  He saw the “wolf-man” approach.  Mike shifted uncomfortably.
“Hi, I’m Neil,” the “wolf-man” said in a surprisingly normal and friendly voice.
“Mike,” Mike replied, keeping his hands in his pockets.
“You came with Shauna, right?”
“Yep.”
“She’s a great girl.  Heart of gold,” Neil said, trying to start a conversation.
“So, uh how long have you been here?” Mike asked.
“Look at me.  You think I could do anything else?  Since I was ten,” Neil replied.
“Oh,” Mike replied.
“Yeah, we’re your usual bunch of weirdos.  But to us, the outside world is weird.  All the pressures and bills and people are so rude nowadays.”
“Yeah, I know the feeling,” Mike was beginning to see past Neil’s exterior and to into his human side.
“We’re safe here and we like it.  No one bothers us and we all look out for one another.  Unlike in the real world, where people only want to be your friend when you’re rich, happy, healthy, and good-looking.  Soon as you start frowning or have some difficulties, all your so-called “friends” take off.  I wouldn’t go back to it for anything,” Neil said.
Mike started to wish there was something wrong with him so he could join the circus too.  He knew just what Neil was talking about.  As the price of your car increases, the number of girls wanting to go out with you increases exponentially.  The more weight you gain or the more money you lose, it decreases exponentially.  Mike saw people as shallow, selfish, and rotten.  But he usually tried to keep his spirits up anyway.  Some days it was easy.  Some days it was hard.  But the past couple weeks, he had his mind on Shauna and had no time to be bitter or depressed.  He felt his life was getting exciting.
“Well, I’ll see you around,” Neil said and excused himself politely.
Mike realized he had been lost in his own reveries a few moments too long.  That’s probably why Neil walked away.
Mike started walking around the circus and looking at everyone.  They seemed out of another era, lost to modern advances in technology.  He had yet to see a computer anywhere.  He presumed most modern people thought circuses were anachronistic, and had no place beside the internet, virtual reality, and cyberdating.  It was a shame.  He felt more at home with Shauna and her friends than he did back in college in Connecticut.  Shauna’s friends acted like they gave a damn about people.  Like in the old parable, they’d be the ones helping the man lying in the ditch while everyone at his college and most metropolises would be the ones to just walk on by.
Slowly, the crowd started dissipating as people returned to their tents or rooms or wherever the hell they slept.  Mike was soon alone except for an old man sweeping the floor and one of the triplets sitting on a box, reading a book.
He shuffled his feet uneasily and looked around, unsure of what to do next.  Shauna came over and rescued him a few minutes later.
“Great news!  Polly and the troupe can be here tomorrow night at the latest,” she exclaimed.
“Amazing,” Mike commented quirkily.
“I know.  She said some of the girls are thrilled and already jumping out of their seats at the chance to perform again.”
“I hope you’re right about this,” Mike said.
“Trust me.”
“Okay,” Mike said cheerily, almost sarcastic.
A moment of uneasy silence passed.
“So where should I sleep?” Mike asked.
“I’ll…,” Shauna was interrupted by Rox, who was waddling over.
“Hey, you two.  It’s getting late.  Shauna, Liona said you could sleep on her couch.  And Mike, follow me,” he motioned.
Shauna shrugged, Mike nodded good-night and followed Rox back into another room.  He pushed aside a flap and entered another section of the tent.
Mike jumped when he saw the lion from the show in a large cage with iron bars all around.
“I’m sleeping here?” Mike asked, hoping the answer was no.
The lion tamer stepped out from behind a curtain.
“Don’t worry.  Leo’s harmless.  He’s been raised domestically since he was a cub,” the tamer explained.
“But still,” Mike protested.
“It’s just like a stray cat.  If you get them while they are kittens and tame them, they will be fine.  If not, then you can’t touch them,” the tamer said.
‘That’s a lot bigger than a cat’ Mike thought resentfully.  But he didn’t say anything out loud.
“And besides,” the tamer continued.  “The Incredible Hulk couldn’t break through those bars.”
Rox added, “You’re safe here.  It’s too short notice to impose on anyone else.”
“By the way, I’m Dino,” the lion tamer extended his hand.
Mike grouchily shook it.
“Lights out in fifteen minutes.  Make yourself comfortable.  There’s a cot over there with pillows and blankets,” Dino pointed.
Mike sighed as Dino and Rox left him alone with Leo the Lion.  The lion just eyed him suspiciously.  It didn’t look mad or dangerous, thankfully.
After the two left, Mike trotted over to the cot and sat down.
“Great.  Sleeping with the animals.  I guess it beats sleeping with the fishes,” Mike muttered aloud and then laughed at his own joke.
A few minutes later the lights turned out and Mike was left in the shadows.  Leo sat down and put his head on his paws.  Mike got under the covers and tried to get comfortable, as best he could given the situation.  He noticed Leo staring at him for a long time.
“What are you looking at?” Mike said, in a tough guy accent and then went to sleep.




Chapter 21

The next morning, Mike woke up bright and early.  His back was stiff from the springs on the cot.  He sat up and rubbed his eyes.  Sunlight was shining through some of the breaks in the tent.  He could Bessie screeching in the distance.  He rolled his eyes.  Boy would he have a story to tell when all this was said and done.
He jumped when he noticed movement nearby him.  He looked over to see Dino feeding his lion.
“Sorry, did I wake you?” Dino asked, apologetically.
“No, I was up anyway,” Mike replied.
Mike watched Leo devour a piece of steak that could feed a family of five.  Dino smiled politely.
“Wanna feed him one?  He’s got two more to go,” Dino asked.
Mike became flustered.  “Oh no, I couldn’t,” he was afraid the thing might bite his hand right off.
“Sure you could.  He’s very gentle,” Dino prodded.
Mike sat up and got off the cot.  He walked closer to Dino and Leo.
“I’ll just watch,” Mike stated.
“Chicken, I understand,” Dino winked and fed Leo another piece of steak, which was devoured even more quickly than the first.
Being called a chicken didn’t bother Mike.  It was better than only having one hand.  He watched the lion eat the last piece and then settle down.
“I’m gonna go see who’s up,” Mike pointed in the direction of the exit.
“Sure, sure.  I’ll be busy in here for awhile,” Dino replied.
Mike went back to the main backstage area and then out into the backyard, or whatever they called it.  No one was up or out of their dwellings just yet.  He walked over to a log and sat on it.  He picked up some grass in his hand and then threw it back down on the ground.  He suddenly remembered he was wearing his last change of clothes and the others hadn’t been washed.  They’ve gotta have laundry facilities here, Mike thought to himself.  Even carnies have domestic needs.  He would ask if he could wash his clothes before they left.
Mike was startled to see Shauna standing over him all of a sudden.
“Hey, handsome,” she smiled.
Mike pretended not to have been startled or be embarrassed at the word handsome.
“Hey, pretty lady,” he tried to say in a macho cowboy voice, but it just came out all wrong.
Shauna giggled.
“So what are we going to do today?” Mike asked.
Shauna decided to show him around and introduce him to some more people.  The day passed by quickly.  He got his laundry done.  Rox was very obliging.  Shauna did hers as well.  May and Jay wanted him to walk a tightrope, one that was only two feet off the ground.  He agreed to try, but failed miserably.  After a couple attempts, he was getting bruised so he decided to quit.
Then Dino and a new guy convinced Mike to play card games with them.  It helped to pass the time, if nothing else.
Dinner was hamburgers and French fries which were done on a grill near Neil’s house.  Mike was beginning to sense a camaraderie amongst the carnies.  He felt like one of them, even though officially he was still an outsider.  
Polly showed up in a van with six girls just as it was getting dark.  A few people cheered when they walked in.  The girls were scantily-clad in miniskirts and halter tops.  Mike thought no one over twenty-five was allowed to wear those anymore, but these women proved that stereotype wrong.  
Rox reported that flyers were up all over town and three shows, two on radio, one on TV, were already broadcast.  Substantial interest was already being generated.  Everyone was excited.  They hoped for a sold-out show, a long-shot being one day’s notice, but still hope is hope.
In the evening, Dino made a campfire and everyone sat around it, listening to Polly’s friends’ stories of the good old days.  To Mike, it almost felt like summer camp, back when there wasn’t a care in the world.  He listened intently.  As it turned out, the six girls had led very exciting and interesting lives.  They did more in a few years than most people do in a lifetime.
Pretty soon, everyone was tired and off to bed.  Mike was glad when Polly and her friends got to sleep with in the lion’s den.  It was the only area big enough for seven people, unless they slept on the grass outside.
Neil offered Mike his couch.  Mike was hesitant, but realizing it was just prejudice over the way Neil looked, took the offer.  The couch was comfortable and Mike had a good night’s sleep.

He woke up to Bessie once again.  That day was very stressful.  The cabaret girls were rehearsing for hours.  Shauna had a dream that Loretta was dead.  Mike had to calm her down and told her tomorrow, they’d be back on their way.
Evening came before everyone knew it.  Mike peeked out of a curtain and viewed the bleachers.  They were packed, much more so than the night of the traditional performance.  Polly was leading last minute rehearsals. Of course, she claimed she was too old and no one would pay to see her dance in a skimpy outfit.  But her six protégées seemed eager and happy to be there.  Rox promised them a good pay for an hour’s show.
Shauna nudged Mike while he was daydreaming.
“Let’s go find a seat and watch.  There’s no need for us to be back here,” she said.
Mike agreed and followed Shauna out to the bleachers.  It was getting hard to find somewhere to sit, but eventually they succeeded.  Mike was eager to see how good the girls were.  He heard the two men behind him laughing and joking and saying things like, ‘Do you think they’ll be wearing underwear?’ and ‘I heard they can kick so high you can see their uterus’”
Shauna rolled her eyes, also having overheard.
Soon the lights went down and the tent was pitch black.  Then spotlights came on, and the six girls came marching out like dolls on a string.  They had on heavy make-up, matching wigs, and provocative outfits that showed a lot of leg.
They began a song and dance routine that began with, of all things, “The Can Can”.  They kicked so high, Mike wondered how their legs went back into place.  Then they sang a couple other songs.  “Lady Marmalade” and the one that goes “I wanna be loved by you, just you, nobody else but you.”  Mike didn’t know what the proper name was.
The audience, about three-quarters men, seemed to have a blast.  A lot of guys were whistling and cheering them on.  The dancers enjoyed the attention.  Mike noticed a couple of the guys’ wives or girlfriends hit them in the arm to stop being so rowdy and lustful.
The show lasted about an hour and twenty minutes.  Mike thought they were terrific.  Everyone gave them a standing ovation.  The troupe bowed and curtsied, knowing the night was a huge success.
Rox then came on stage and said, “They were wonderful, weren’t they?  Everyone is invited into the side tent for refreshments and further attractions.  Thank you all and have a great evening.”
“Wow,” Mike commented.  “Polly knows some great people.  What a lucky break it was we met her that day, huh?”
“I’ll say,” Shauna replied.
After things calmed down, they went into the side tent.  There was popcorn, cotton candy, beverages, as well as a couple attractions like ‘Spin the Wheel’ and a photo machine.
Shauna begged Mike to take some pictures with her.  He agreed.  They went into the machine, put in a quarter, and basically got to take all the pictures of themselves they could for one minute.
Shauna nudged Mike to stick out his tongue or something, but he just gave his usual sheepish grin.  Shauna hugged him a couple times.  He was beginning to sense some real affection between the two of them.  The touch of her skin and the brush of her hair felt great.
It was over too soon and Mike and Shauna got out of the booth.  A minute later, their pictures popped out, all connected in one long strip.  They looked at them eagerly.
A couple of them Shauna pointed at and said, “Why didn’t you smile?”
“It caught me at the wrong moment,” Mike defended himself.
“Whatever,” Shauna laughed.

After sharing a cotton candy and popcorn, they wandered into Rox’s office.  He was eagerly counting the money.
“This is unbelievable!” he exclaimed as they walked in.
“Good night?” Shauna asked.
“You’re telling me.  After deducting expenses, we made almost twenty thousand.  We haven’t turned those kinds of numbers in years.  I’m, I’m speechless.  I don’t know how to thank you and your friend Polly.  Maybe now, a larger crowd will keep coming back and we can get out of the red, finally,” Rox looked ecstatic.
“That’s wonderful,” Shauna said.
Mike tried to contain himself.  “Twenty thousand?  That made their half ten thousand.  He had never handled that much money in his life.  Of course, the mobsters would probably take it in exchange for Loretta’s freedom.  But this was such an exciting moment.  He even started thinking some sneaky ideas like taking one thousand out for gambling when they get to Vegas.  Maybe then they could leave with something for themselves even after paying off the mobsters.
“Well, as I promised, your cut is half.  I’ll make it an even ten, rounding up since it was your idea,” Rox said and began counting out the bills.
After he was done, he put them in a suitcase for Mike and Shauna and handed it over.
“No wait.  Take an extra thousand, just to say thanks,” Rox took the suitcase back out of Shauna’s hand and put another thousand in.
Mike grinned.
“Thank you guys.  Now I guess you’re in a rush.  I heard you’re headed to Vegas, no?”
“That’s correct,” Shauna replied.
“Well I hope you two keep your heads on and don’t lose it all,” he handed the suitcase back and Shauna took it.
“Let’s go find Polly before we leave,” Shauna said.
“Okay,” Mike followed her out of the room.
They found Polly and two of the dancers.  Shauna said hi, bye, and some pleasantries inbetween.  But when Polly found out they didn’t have a cell phone, she was alarmed.
“All that driving and no cell phone?  How could you two?”
“No time to buy a contract, I guess,” Shauna replied.
“Here, take mine, I insist.”
“No, I can’t put you out like that,” Shauna protested.
Polly shoved it in her hand anyway.  “Nonsense.  I have two.  And besides, this one has mine and a bunch of others’ numbers programmed into it.  You know, people you can call on if you need help.”
“Well, thanks,” Shauna agreed and put the phone in her pocket.
Mike shook hands with the three women and then excused himself.  Ten minutes later and after they were sure they hadn’t left anything behind, they were at their car once more.  Ready to depart on another long stretch of driving.
“That was fun,” Mike said after making sure the money was safely in the trunk and all their personal belongings were there.
“I told you you’d enjoy it,” Shauna said while getting into the passenger seat.
It was late at night, but Mike wasn’t tired at all.  He was ready for another night of driving.  He could always stop and get coffee again.
He backed out of the lot, took one last look at the big top, still illuminated by the overhead spotlights and drove out of the circus and back into normal territory.




Chapter 22


“So which state is next?” Mike asked after they had been driving a few minutes.
“Colorado,” Shauna replied.
“Great.  Is Denver on the way?  I’ve always wanted to see it,” Mike asked.
“Actually, it is,” Shauna replied.
They drove west through the cornfields of Kansas.  At night, it looked eerie, like an axe murderer could jump out of the patch at any second.  Mike tried to stay calm.  Soon the cornfields turned into the prarie, with fields and farms as far as the eye could see.
Shauna tried to sleep in her seat, but it was very uncomfortable.
The driving was arduous and Mike was getting tired.  He almost asked Shauna to switch with him, but she looked so peaceful dozing in her seat, he didn’t want to.  Luckily, there was almost no traffic at this hour, so the drive was fast and smooth.
Shortly after crossing the Colorado State Line, the landscape turned greener and there were mountains in the distance.  Mike checked the clock, it was six a.m., and the sun was starting to rise.  He yawned.
Shauna stirred to life and looked relieved to be out of Kansas.
“You know, it’s amazing how each state changes almost immediately as you get into it.  The geography, I mean,” Mike said.
“I know.  Wait till we get further out west.  You should see the Grand Canyon on our way back,” Shauna told him.
Mike finally saw a sign that said “Denver 40 miles”
“Do you want to make a stop in Denver?  I’m tired of driving,” Mike said.
“Maybe for a few hours,” Shauna replied.
“I mean overnight.  This driving is starting to kill me,” Mike complained.  
“I don’t know.  Tony, Vinny, and Earl are waiting for us,” Shauna complained back.
“We already took two extra days in Kansas.  I’m only talking about one.  And we have an extra thousand on us,” Mike started justifying himself.
Shauna didn’t want to argue.
“Fine.  Whatever you want to do,” she said and closed her eyes, trying to get some more rest.
They reached Denver a little under an hour later.  It wasn’t as big as NYC, which Mike had been to a few times, but was still a big difference from the countryside they had seen since they left New Orleans.
“Do you know where a hotel is?” Mike asked Shauna.
“No, I’ve never been in the city itself.”
“I’ll drive around and find one,” Mike said cheerily.
Mike drove through town, turning down several streets, and pretending he wasn’t lost.  Overhead, the sky was grey.  He hoped it wouldn’t rain.  He wanted to walk around and sightsee.
Finally, they found a hotel with a parking garage.  He eagerly pulled in.  After finding a spot on one of the upper decks, they went to the lobby and hoped there was a vacancy.  There was.
The lobby was extravagantly decorated with huge chandeliers, expensive paintings on the walls, table lamps that look like they cost a fortune, and more.
“How much is it?” Shauna asked after they were handed their keys and on their way up to their room.
“One hundred twenty a night,” Mike replied.
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” Shauna said.  Mike could tell she really didn’t want to be here.
They found their room on the ninth floor.  It had a good view of the street below.  Shauna immediately went over and checked out the view.  Mike came up behind her.
“Beautiful isn’t it?” 
“Sure is,” Shauna replied.  
The Rocky Mountains could be seen in the distance.  Mike would love to go skiing there sometime, but that would be some other year, some other adventure.
Mike backed away from the window.
“What do you want to do first?” he asked.
“Take a shower and clean up.  I didn’t get to at the circus.  You should too,” Shauna said.
Shauna took about forty minutes in the bathroom, like girls always do, Mike thought to himself.  Mike only took about fifteen minutes.
“Let’s go find a good place to eat,” Mike suggested eagerly.
“Oh you and food,” Shauna teased.
They walked back to their car and drove out of the deck.  Mike didn’t know where he was going or even what kind of food he wanted to eat.  All he knew, he was having the time of his life.  No parents to embarrass him.  A pretty girl to be seen with.  No one could see through Shauna’s shirt, that she wasn’t so pretty all over.  Mike secretly wanted to be envied.
Shauna started looking nervous after a few minutes.
“Something wrong?”  Mike asked.
“You don’t know where you’re going.  Either stop and ask someone or get a tour guide,” Shauna suggested.
“I want to see the city.  We have to run into something sooner or later,” Mike replied.
Shauna kept looking behind her and in the sideview mirror.  She looked agitated.
“What?” Mike asked again.
“I have a strange feeling we’re being followed.  Maybe we should just leave Denver and keep driving,” Shauna said, a slight panic in her voice.
“Followed?  Who would know we’re here?  The mobster guys, Tony, Vinny, whatever you call them are in Vegas, right?” Mike dismissed her statement as paranoia.
“But I keep seeing the same car with tinted windows,” Shauna said.
“Look, that place looks nice,” Mike pointed to a café with tables with umbrellas outside on the sidewalk.  “It’s a nice day.  We could eat outside.”
Mike could tell Shauna was getting annoyed, but he was annoyed too.  The whole trip, it was all about her and her problems, and Mike never complained and always tried to act the gentleman.  Now one day he wanted for his time, and was being made to feel guilty.
Mike found a parking lot around the block.  He parked and they walked to the café.
They sat down outside and were waited on by a very polite waiter with an accent.  In conversation, he told him he had just come to America last year from Denmark.
“I’d love to go to Europe,” Shauna commented.
“Yes, it is so different from here,” the waiter replied.
As Mike and Shauna were eating, Shauna kept looking over her shoulder nervously.  Every few minutes.  Mike could start feeling the tension and unease too.
“What is it?” he asked her.
“Nothing.  I just thought I saw someone,” Shauna replied.
“You’re being paranoid.  No one’s here,” Mike tried to say it gently.
“I guess you’re right,” Shauna sighed.  “It’s just so much has happened the past couple weeks.  I feel like it’s all coming to a head, you know.”
“I know.  But in a few days, we’ll give the creeps the money and then we’ll both be free to do what we want,” Mike tried to be consoling.
“Yeah,” Shauna said and took a bite of the BLT she had ordered.
“I have to go to the bathroom,” Mike said suddenly and excused himself.
He went back into the restaurant, leaving Shauna alone on the street.  When he finished, he calmly strolled back outside, but to his shock and dismay, Shauna was gone.
“Where is she?” he started to panic.
He frantically searched the nearby area then went back inside the restaurant and asked the waiters if they saw anything.  They said they weren’t paying that close attention.  Mike dismally walked back to his seat and sat down.
Shauna’s meal wasn’t even finished.  Then he started to rationalize.  ‘Maybe she’s in the ladies room.’  But when ten minutes passed, he realized she wasn’t.  Did she dump him?   What happened?  She seemed to like him.  No, she couldn’t have dumped him because how would she rescue Loretta.  The money was in the trunk of his car.
Just then, Mike noticed something suspicious.
One of the napkins was folded in an odd way.  He picked it up.  Underneath was Polly’s cell phone on top of a note.  His heart sank as he put the cell phone in his pocket.  When he read the note his heart stopped a beat.  
It read, “Kid, if you know what’s good for you, go home.  She’s ours now!”
The name Vinny was scribbled underneath in sloppy handwriting.
Mike was devastated.  How could he?  He let his guard down for one minute, and Shauna was gone.  He tried to fight back tears, but couldn’t stop them.
He paid the bill without finishing his meal, and went back to his hotel crying.  After a few hours, nightfall came.  He realized he wasn’t going to stand idly by and let the gangsters take her.  He had the money and they had made a deal.  He vowed to rescue her if it took him weeks or even years.
Drying his tears as best he could, he decided to go out searching and asking around for any signs of a woman being kidnapped.  He found the pictures they had took at the machine in Kansas.  That would be enough for people to recognize her if anyone saw anything.  
With a heavy heart, he descended to the lobby and out into the street.  The streets were dark, except for lights from some shops and a few dispersed lampposts.
Tears were in his eyes, but he tried not to sob publicly.  He stopped a few people walking by and asked if they saw the woman in the photo.  They said no.  Mike’s heart dropped a little lower at each “no”.
He wandered around for over two hours, not even knowing where he was going.  He noticed he must have entered a worse part of town.  Two prostitutes passed by him smiling.  They tried to catch him in the eye to see if he was interested, but he kept his head down.  They shrugged, and brushed past him, bumping arms.
Just then something occurred to Mike, he loved Shauna.  He couldn’t bear to see anything happen to her.  He was miles away from home.  It would take days to drive back to Connecticut and there was no way he was going to give up and do that.  He didn’t want to be alone.  Especially in a strange city.  He felt empty.  The thing about being alone, is just, you truly are by yourself, no one to brighten your day or help you along life’s path.  He thought of all the good times he and Shauna had had in the brief time they knew each other.
How could he fall in love so quickly?  His brain told him it was too fast, but his heart told him it was right.  She was the one for him.  Being isolated from his peers for all that time, he could relate to the feelings of rejection she felt for having scars all over her stomach.  He made up his mind.  He wasn’t going to give her up.  But how was he going to get her back?  He had no gun or weapon, didn’t lift weights, and wasn’t that threatening.  Plus he had no real connections to turn to for help.
He noticed he was coming up upon a church.  He wasn’t much of a churchgoer except when his parents made him when he was very young.  He stopped outside the stairs to the entrance.  It was called St. Mary’s.  He sighed and decided to go in, thinking God was his only hope.
The church was an old cathedral style building with beautiful stained glass windows and a large statue of Jesus on the cross over the altar.  At this time and day of the week, there weren’t many people in there.  He noticed a Jewish woman with a headwrap clutching a rosary and mumbling silently.  A few other folks were scattered around the pews.
It was dark inside, illuminated mostly by candles and some dim chandeliers overhead.  Mike sat on a pew bench, near the right middle of the church.
Just then, he started crying again.  Why do bad things happen to good people?  The bad guys like Tony and Vinny who probably kidnapped her, must have no conscience, cause they go around doing evil and never cry or feel bad.  And even worse, they seem to have money and status and women.  It wasn’t fair, he told himself.
Mike thought about Shauna and started crying again.  He felt it was his fault.  He made her stop in Denver.  He ignored her cries that someone might be following them.  He cupped his hands together and in a low voice, prayed as best he could.
“God, I know I’m not a perfect man.  I’ve made mistakes, but I know I couldn’t live with myself if anything happened to Shauna.  I feel she’s my responsibility.  I care about her.  Please, bring her back to me.  Don’t let her die,” Mike sobbed.
He looked up and almost thought he saw a stained glass image of St. Luke wink at him.  He did a double take.  No, it must have been his imagination.  He’s in a suggestive place and in an upset state of mind.
He lingered for about twenty minutes, feeling calm and warm.  He could smell the incense.  Then he grudgingly got up and returned to his hotel.



Chapter 23



Mike woke up the next morning, his mind expecting Shauna to be there.  When he looked around and saw he was alone in the hotel room, a tear came to his eye.  He made up his mind to tell the police.
He got dressed, looked in a phone book for the nearest police station, and then found it.  Some officers eyed him as he entered.
He went up to a gray-haired man behind the front desk.
“Hi, I’d like to report a kidnapped person,” he told them.
“Okay.  What evidence or clues do you have?” the officer asked gruffly.
Mike showed the officer the picture of himself and Shauna.  “That’s her Shauna Meloden.”
“Do you have her address?”
“No, we don’t live around here,” Mike explained.
“Okay, why do you think she was kidnapped?”
“I was eating with her and went to the bathroom.  When I came back out she was gone and there was a note saying someone had her,” Mike explained.
“Do you have the note?”
Damn, he didn’t.  Mike regrettably said, “No.”
“Do have the name of a suspect?”
The interrogation was making Mike feel worse.  “Tony, Vinny, or Earl, is all I know.”
“These guys don’t have last names?”
“No, I don’t know much about them except what Shauna told me,” Mike explained.
“So they were harassing her before the kidnapping?”
“Yes!”
“Do you have anything else to go on?” the officer asked.
Mike sighed.  “No, I guess not.”
“Well I’m sorry son, there’s not much we can do.  This is a large city.  Can we keep one of these pictures of her?  I’ll put out a bulletin and if anyone happens to see her, we’ll let you know,” the officer started to change his tone like Mike was a waste of time.
“Okay, thanks,” he gave the officer Polly’s cell number, one of the pictures and left feeling worse than when he came in.
He resented them, but then after all they weren’t Superman or psychics.  Shortly after he exited the police station, Polly’s phone rang.
Brimming with excitement, he pressed answer.
“Hello?” Mike spat out.
“Stay away from the cops, you hear me!  You bring them into it, you’ll be dumped in the Colorado River.  Case finito,” then the person hung up.
Mike suddenly became nervous.  He looked at his surroundings.  Were they watching him?  How?  He couldn’t see anybody suspicious on the street.  He uneasily walked a few blocks, looking over his shoulder a few times.
Polly’s phone ringing gave him an idea.  He flipped it open and pulled up the list of contacts.  Over a hundred names showed up.
‘This is going nowhere’ he thought, feeling dismayed.
Finally he just called Polly.  She screamed when she heard the news.
“Those bastards!  Those lousy scum!  I thought you were going to pay them off and be done with it!” she yelled.
“We were but they took her anyway,” Mike told her the bad news.
“Those slithering slimeballs!  Tell you what, I’m already headed back to Pennsylvania.  And besides I’m an old, fat woman.  Not much match for those guys.  But you look up Dexter Deets’ name in there.  He’ll know what to do and he’s not too far from Denver.”
“Thanks a million.  Polly, what would I do without you?” Mike grinned, a ray of hope shining through his misery.
“When it’s all over with, you can buy me a cheesecake.  Blueberry,” Polly joked.
“I promise,” Mike said and hung up.
Another thing struck Mike.  He had a little over eleven thousand in cash in his car.  He sure wasn’t gonna use it all to get Shauna back, unless he had no choice.  But then what would they do about Loretta?
Mike called Dexter and a tough-sounding man answered the phone.  Mike explained the situation as best and as briefly as he could.  Dexter agreed to meet Mike in his hotel restaurant about nine p.m. that night.
Mike thanked him and put the phone away.  As he was walking, something out of his peripheral vision caught his eye.  He looked around and across the street, a sixth story window had a thin blue paper covering it.  It stood out from the proper blinds and curtains all the windows in the building had.  He saw a shadow move around.  It looked like someone with long hair squirming around.  Shauna?
Then again, all cities had a few weird denizens.  It didn’t necessarily mean she was in that room.  He walked across the street.  An alleyway led to the side and in back of the building.  He tried to get a better view.
Then he walked to the front to see what kind of building it was.  A bakery was on the first floor.  He couldn’t see a way to get to the upper levels.  The baker eyed him distrustfully as Mike peered and nosed around his store.
“You gonna buy something or what?” he barked all of a sudden.
Mike, without thinking, bought a donut and soda.
The baker thrust the food at him and gave Mike his change.
“Can I have a receipt?” Mike thought quickly.  At least then he’d know the address.
“Oh, Dios Mio,” the guy cursed and flung a receipt at him.  Mike had to catch it from falling on the floor.
Mike exiting the store, eating his donut and drinking his soda.
What was on the second to sixth floors?  If it was apartments, there had to be a way in, without going through the bakery’s kitchen.
Mike went back to the hotel, and made a stop at the parking garage, to take the suitcase full of cash out of his trunk.  He went back to his room, locked the door, and looked at the money.
It was more money than he had ever seen at one time.  He flipped through some of it playfully.  But then he sighed, what good was money if you were miserable?  It couldn’t buy the kind of friendship he and Shauna had formed.  All it was good for was bills and necessities, and buying material items, all empty.  He needed Shauna back.  No one else got to him the way she did.
All he could do now was to wait for Dexter.  Mike hoped he was big and muscular.  And had connections.  Mike sighed and lay back in bed with his hands behind his head to wait.

Mike headed down to the hotel’s restaurant about a quarter of nine. He gave his name to the host and sat near a piano.  He looked around.  The restaurant was elegant.  He was near a row of expensive looking fake plants.  The walls were burgundy and Tiffany lamps spaced along the walls, inbetween rich oil paintings.  Classical music was playing softly.
A waiter came over and handed him the menu.  Mike almost did a double take.  The simplest and cheapest thing on the menu was a hamburger for twenty dollars.
‘That must be some hamburger’ Mike thought to himself.
He tapped his feet and waited for Dexter.
Ten minutes later, the waiter wanted to know if he was planning on eating.  Mike grudgingly ordered the hamburger.  What the hell, he had a thousand to spare.  The waiter then started suggesting a list of wines.  Mike wasn’t about to tell him he was underage if the waiter believed he was old enough, so he ordered some Merlot.  He thought he remembered having it once with his family on New Year’s Eve.
Another ten minutes, went by and there was still no sign of Dexter.  Mike’s burger and wine came.  Just as he took his first bite of hamburger, he noticed a midget with a goatee and Hawaiian shirt walking around, looking like he was looking for someone.
Mike groaned.  How would someone that small fight off mobsters?  Unless, it was someone else.  Their eyes met.
“Mike?” the man asked.
“Yeah,” Mike replied.
The man hurried over and shook hands.  “Dexter Deets.  Pleased to meet you.”
“Same,” Mike replied and tried not to look strangely at how short Dexter was.  Three and a half feet, tops, Mike guessed.
“I know, I’m a “little person” as we call ourselves, but trust me, I can help,” Dexter pulled out a chair across from Mike and seated himself.
“How?”
Dexter took off a backpack he was wearing and pulled a laptop out of it.
“With this.  You don’t know all the fancy shit I’ve got on here,” he opened the laptop and waited for it to boot up.
Mike nodded.
The waiter came over and asked Dexter what he wanted to eat.  Dexter ordered the lobster(thirty-five dollars) and Chardonnay.  
“How’s your hamburger?” Dexter asked Mike as he was halfway through his.
“Good, but not twenty dollars good,” Mike replied.
“I know.  Places like this overcharge.  Must to be to pay for those Monets over there,” Dexter said and pointed behind him.
“So you know Shauna?” Mike asked.
“Oh yes, we used to be friends.  Did she tell you she lived in Colorado for a while?” Dexter said.
Mike suddenly recalled their conversation at the diner back home.  “Yes, I believe she did.”
“Those were great days,” Dexter reminisced.  “Anyway, start by telling me all you know about the guys you think took her, any leads, any facts from Shauna’s past that might help.”
Mike struggled to remember all he could about her.  Some of her friends’ names, where she used to work before Malagio’s, and anything he could think of.
Dexter was busy on his computer.
“I see a Vinny Roleto, and an Earl Drake did some business with carnivals across the country years ago,” Dexter said.
Mike was amazed.  “That must be them.  Where do they live?”
“Not here in Denver.  It seems they have a history of using phony addresses.  I see a few,” Dexter said.
Mike suddenly remembered the bakery and the strange window.  He pulled the receipt out of his pocket, glad he still had it.
“What can you tell me about this building?” he handed over the small paper to Dexter.
Dexter examined it momentarily and then typed something in his computer.  “That’s odd.  It’s registered to an Antone Bovato, but…,” he kept typing away on his computer.  “It seems to be a front for all sorts of things.  Money laundering, prostitution, gambling.  He writes it off by saying his whole family from Europe lives there.  And you know European extended families, they can get very large.”
“That must be it.  I thought I saw something in one of the windows,” Mike told him.  “I don’t know how to thank you.”
“Don’t thank me yet.  Are you sure that’s where they’re keeping her?”
“I just have a hunch I can’t shake that it is,” Mike replied.
“Then I’ll go with you.  You need back-up,” Dexter said.
They agreed and made plans to go over in a couple hours.  It would be the middle of the night and most people would be sleeping.
Mike took Dexter back up to his room to wait.  They formulated a basic plan during the few hours they had.  Dexter said he had flashlights, a crowbar, and a fake gun that looked so real you couldn’t even tell the difference.  They were in his car.  He promised to get them before they left.
Mike’s heart started pounding as the clock ticked closer to action time.  This was thrilling.  He just hoped they wouldn’t mess up and end up dead.
The time ticked by slowly, but soon it was late enough and time to get started.  Mike, with Dexter right behind him, headed out of the hotel room and out into the city to attempt to rescue Shauna from her captors.




Chapter 24


They arrived outside the bakery and parked on the street.  They had taken separate cars in case Mike and Shauna needed to make a quick getaway.  Dexter walked over to Mike as he was exiting his vehicle.
“So this is the place?  Are you sure?” he asked.
“I think so,” Mike replied.
The bakery was closed and dark at this hour.  Mike tried the lock even though he knew what the answer would be.
“Let’s try the fire escape,” he suggested.
They walked around the side of the building into the darkened alley.  The alley met a dead end at the rear of the building, but fortunately there was a fire escape as well as a door to the building next door.  Mike wondered if they were connected.
The fire escape groaned with rust and age as Mike and Dexter pulled the ladder down.  Mike agreed to go first, and precariously ascended to the first landing.  He tried the window.  It was locked tight.  He then ascended half the steps to the next landing while Dexter climbed to the first floor window.  He had a little more trouble, being shorter and all but fortunately he made it.
The second floor window was their ticket in.  It slid right open with just a small creaking sound.  The room was bare and very dusty, with no lamps or illumination.  Mike crawled in first, clumsily almost tripping and falling to the floor.  Dexter followed and turned on his flashlight.
He shone it around the walls.  The room had once obviously been used for something since there were lighter spots in the wall paint where furniture had once been.   But now it was abandoned.  It definitely wasn’t apartments up here, Mike presumed.
There was a door at the other end of the room.  To Mike’s dismay, it was jammed or locked, he couldn’t tell.  He fiddled with it for a few minutes, then Dexter asked him to step outside.
He took a lockpick out of his shirt and had the door open in under two minutes.  It swung out into a dirty hall with old green paint that looked like it was from the seventies and hadn’t been touched since.  There was a smell of decay in the air.
Mike knew bad things had taken place in the rooms along the hall.  He could smell the sin, if that were possible.
At the back of the hallway was a window looking out into the alley courtyard and then a flight of stairs.  Mike and Dexter nervously climbed the first set of stairs.
They were on the third floor.  Mike jumped when he saw a rat scurry along the baseboard, then composed himself.  What else but crime could take place in a building like this?
They walked past each door slowly, making sure no one was in them who would jump out at them and capture them.  There were five doorways on each side of the hall.  Nothing happened as the two young men passed each one.
Then it was the fourth floor.  Mike heard voices in the distance.  He instinctively jumped back, but no one was there.  The voices got louder as they approached the fifth floor.  It was definitely two or three men.  Mike’s mind raced for a plan and all the possible outcomes.  This wasn’t going to be easy.
They stopped at the sixth floor landing.  Two voices were having a conversation about baseball.  There was no sign of Shauna yet.  Mike peeked around and saw a brightly lit and furnished room, with who he assumed were Vinny and Tony talking.  Wasn’t there supposed to be a third mobster?  Where was he?
Mike ducked back down on the stairs.
“They’re in the first door on the left.  The door’s wide open, they’ll see up if we walk past.  I think Shauna must be in one of the rooms beyond that.
“I have a plan,” Dexter said assertively.  “I’ll walk in and act like I’m lost.  I’ll waste time trying to make conversation if they try to throw me out.  In the meantime, you sneak past.  They’ll be so busy with me, they won’t see you.  And I doubt they’d hurt me.  They don’t know I know about Shauna.”
“Dexter did I ever tell you you’re amazing?” Mike whispered.
“Yes, but thanks again,” Dexter smiled and boldly climbed the rest of the steps to the sixth floor.
He wandered in smoothly and Tony and Vinny stopped and stared dumbfounded at the intruder.  The silence was so still you could hear a pin drop.
Then Dexter spoke, “I’m sorry to disturb you fellows, but I kinda passed out down in the bakery.  When I came to, it was closed and I couldn’t get out so I tried the door.  Where am I?”
Tony giggled, “Just another drunk, are you?”
“Don’t do anything, Tony.  He just got wasted.  He’s of no use to us,” Vinny told him.
“Or of no threat is what is important,” Tony agreed.
Mike used the time to dart past the door, hugging the far side of the wall, hoping some of the shadows would disguise him.  He heard the three rambling as he tried the door on the right.  Locked.  The door on the left was locked as well.  But the second door on the left, voila!  Opened right up.
Mike entered and closed the door behind him.  He was disappointed not to see Shauna.  The room was almost bare except for a small desk in the far corner and a window connected to the fire escape.  Something caught his eye.  It looked like a panel in the left wall, meaning if it opened, he would see into the room between this one and the mobster’s office.
He slinked over and slid open the panel.  His heart broke at what he saw in the other room.  Shauna was there, tied to a chair.  She had on jeans, but her shirt was gone and only her bra was left.  Mike winced at the deep red grooves in her stomach.  But the thing that made Mike most angry, was a sign by her chair that read “FREAKSHOW $1 per picture!”
‘Those cold-hearted bastards’ Mike screamed to himself.  He could see the pain and humiliation in Shauna’s eyes.  He swore right then he wouldn’t rest until all the people responsible were either dead or in jail.
Shauna didn’t appear to notice him.  She was gagged at the mouth too.  Mike saw a tray of food, which had been kicked upside down a few feet away from her chair.
Dexter came into the room and tapped him in the shoulder.  Mike almost had a heart attack, thinking it was the mobsters.
“Sorry, did you find her?” Dexter whispered.
“Look,” Mike pointed.
“Poor Shauna,” Dexter said sympathetically as he viewed the scene.  “Is that room locked?”
“Of course,” Mike replied.
“Well Mission One accomplished.  In the building and we know our damsel is inside.  Mission Two and Three are harder.  Getting past the bad guys and getting Shauna out of the building and to safety.  Any ideas?”
“I have eleven thousand dollars.  We might have to make an offer,” Mike said sadly.
He walked back out into the hall.  He could hear Vinny and Tony’s conversation as he approached and it made him sick.
“How much you think we should charge for that freak girl?”
“I told you one dollar is enough.  Ten to touch her.  People like freaks.  We’ll be rich again in no time,” Vinny answered.
“Damn, why would god waste good time making something like that?” Tony asked sleazily.  “Did you see her?  It’s like tiny tire tracks, only redder.  Eugh.  I hope I don’t catch the heebie-jeebies from her.”
Mike felt like kicking both of them in the jaw.  How dare they dehumanize Shauna to some disfigured animal, not worthy of respect or human rights!
A little too proudly, he marched right into their office.
“You,” Vinny sneered.
“You know you stupid punk kids just don’t learn, do you?” Tony curled his lip into a vile contemptible expression.
“I want Shauna,” Mike demanded like he was the boss.
Vinny and Tony busted out laughing.
“I’m prepared to make an offer of cash,” he said.
At that, the mobsters stopped guffawing, straightened their jackets and said, “We’re listening.”
“Five thousand in cash, delivered tonight.  And I get Shauna safely returned,” Mike said as forcefully as he could.
“What do you say, Tony?” Vinny asked.
“Hmmm.  An interesting offer.  The freakshow we have planned would take more than a day to make five thousand,” Mike began to be relieved that it was working.  “But how do we know you’re not bluffing?”
“I’ll show you the money,” Mike didn’t really want to.  That was supposed to be for Loretta.
“You have fifteen minutes or this city will have two more unexplained disappearances.  Capisce?” Vinny snarled.
“Okay,” Mike backed down.
He went over to Dexter and told him to wait up here while he went to his car and got the money.
Mike raced back through the maze of the building and down the fire escape as fast as he could.  He grabbed the suitcase without bothering to take six thousand out of it, and then raced back upwards.  By the time he got there, he was huffing and puffing.
He slammed the suitcase on the mobster’s desk.
They nodded to each other and then opened it.  Their eyes lit up with pleasure when they saw all the money.  They immediately started counting it.
“Uh, this may take a while.  Have to make sure there are no fakes, too.  You understand,” Vinny said.
“OUT!” Tony pointed towards the door.  He didn’t want Mike and Dexter to watch them count the money.
Mike and Dexter went back into the hall.  As soon as they did, the door was slammed.  At first they were eager, but then it started taking a little too long.  They thought they had been double-crossed.  Were they planning on keeping the money and doing nothing in return?  Mike gritted his teeth in frustration.
After a few minutes that were uncomfortably too long, the door opened.
“Step inside please,” Vinny motioned.
Dexter and Mike did as they were told.
“It seems we have a deal.  We’ll give you directions to where you can pick up Shauna.  Your precious girlfriend Shauna.  She’s about an hour away in a ski cabin.  We’ll help you get up there…,” as Vinny rambled lies, Mike’s blood began to boil.
‘Liar!  She’s in the next room, damnit!’ he said silently.
“Yes, you’ll be needing this,” Tony handed Mike and Dexter badges that looked fake.  They were for a private property and would obviously alert security if used.
Mike took one look at the badge and threw it on the ground and stomped on it.
“What the hell you do that for?  You on medication or something?” Vinny barked.
“You two are full of bull.  We both know she’s right in the next room, bound and gagged, by you.  We gave you a lot of money.  Please, now be gentleman and do the right thing,” Mike begged.
“Oh, that’s where you’re mistaken.  We ain’t gentlemen.  And you ain’t very smart seeing you only have three minutes to live,” Vinny said as he and Tony removed semi-automatic pistols from their coats.
“Any last requests?” Vinny asked solemnly.
Mike’s heart was racing a mile a minute.  Was this it?  The end of his short tragic life?
“Yeah, I have a request.  Cry!” Dexter took out a can of mace so fast, the next few minutes were a blur.  Dexter pounced on Vinny and sprayed him in the eye for ten seconds with the mace.  Before Tony realized what Dexter had done, Dexter sprayed him in the eyes for ten seconds as well.
The two mobsters screamed, dropped their guns, and started clutching their eyes in pain.
“You fuckers will pay for that!” Tony screamed.
Mike and Dexter had no time to lose.  Mike grabbed the suitcase of money, and Dexter grabbed a key he hoped would open the door to Shauna’s room.
They raced next door and to their delight, the key fit perfectly.  They opened the door.  Shauna looked startled.  She wasn’t blindfolded so she recognized who came in the room.
Mike ran over to her and tore off the rag that was over her mouth.
“Mike, how did you find me?” Shauna looked ecstatic to see him.
“I’ll explain later.  First, let’s get you outta here,” Mike struggled to undo the knots around Shauna’s hands.
Dexter worked on the knots on Shauna’s feet.
“Dexter, is that you?” Shauna asked.
“Hey, babe.  Talk later.  Right now, angry men with guns after us,” he said and succeeded in getting the ropes off.
Shauna stood up, glad to stretch after so many hours in that awful position.  She rubbed her hands and arms.
“Do you have your shirt?” Mike asked her, feeling self-conscious for her.
“They burned it,” Shauna said.
Mike could hear movement and loud noise from next door.  Looks like the mobsters were starting to see clearly again.
“Hurry,” Mike motioned Shauna to follow him.
“Where?”  Shauna asked desperate for answers.
Mike just silently ran into the next room, threw open the fire escape window with such force, the wood splintered, then started descending the fire escape.
The three of them, in a rushed panic, made it down to the ground in about three minutes.  Sometimes, they almost tripped and bumped into each other a couple times, but at least they made it to the safe outdoors.
Now they just had to get the hell away from here as fast as they possibly could.
Mike threw the suitcase in his trunk, Dexter gave him a few tokens of appreciation for the ride.  Mike gave him the hotel keys and asked him to check out for him.  He had no time to waste.  Dexter agreed.
“Well, I’d better be going.  I like the simple life,” Dexter said and ran for his car as fast as his legs could carry him.
Mike hurriedly gave Shauna his jacket.  It would do in the meantime.  They jumped in his car and pulled away dangerously fast and then sped out of town.
In the rearview mirror as they were leaving the hideout, they could see Vinny and Tony come down to the street cursing and spitting.  Just in time.  Safe for now, Mike thought.
Mike barreled West towards Vegas.  He hoped for one day.  Shauna said probably two.  Mike was eager to see the hotels and casinos.  He heard they were extravagant, but he was also eager to help Shauna put her problems to rest once and for all.
He looked over at her.  She looked relieved, upset, and tired all at the same time.
He leaned over and patted her on the shoulder.  “You’ll be alright.  We’re both gonna be alright.”
“I hope so,” Shauna replied as she planted a quick kiss on his cheek.
Mike blushed.  It felt good.  All he could think of, was maybe there will be a lipstick scar left over the next time they get out to eat or get gas.
Then everyone will know that Mike has someone who likes him.  He smiled to himself and drove through the darkened autumn landscape.  What would come next, he didn’t even want to know right then.  He just wanted to enjoy the moment.  And he did.




Chapter 25


Shauna directed Mike on how to get back in the right direction, once they left the Denver city limits.  She seemed calm now.
After a couple hours, the sun rose and it was a beautiful day.  There wasn’t a cloud in sight and the sky was a perfect blue.  It was still warm, even for October.  Mike drove southwest through mountains and green forests.
“How far do you think we can get today?” Mike asked.
“Arizona,” Shauna replied.
“Phoenix?” Mike asked, reciting one of the only few cities there he heard of.
“No, that’s too far south.  We can stop in Flagstaff in you want to stop in a decent town,” Shauna told him.
“Okay, just tell me how to get there,” Mike replied.
Mike put the radio to the oldies station.  They listened to the likes of Dionne Warwick and the Supremes for the next few hours.
Finally, Mike started seeing signs for Flagstaff.  First it was 30 miles, then 20, then 10, then they were there.
Mike was surprised at how nice it was.
“Can I stop at a convenience store?” Mike asked.
“Sure,” Shauna replied.
Mike found a decent store and pulled in and park.  He and Shauna got out and then shopped separately.  Shauna said she needed a couple things too.
While Mike was looking at the razor blades and deodorant(he had lost his somewhere along the way) a voice startled him.
“Mike!” the girl exclaimed.
He turned, half expecting to see Shauna asking about a shade of lipstick, but instead was stunned to see his long lost sister Tara, standing there grinning at him.
“Mike Kranton, is that really you?” Tara couldn’t believe her eyes.
“Tara?” Mike ran over and hugged her.  She gave a warm hug back.
“I can’t believe it.  What are you doing all the way out here?” Tara asked.
“What are you?” Mike quipped first.
“I live here now,” Tara told him.
“With your boyfriend?” Mike presumed.
“Yep, so what about you?  Did you take a vacation?” Tara asked.
“Er, sort of,” he didn’t want to go into details where there could be strange people listening.
Just then Shauna and Tara’s boyfriend walked over to where Tara and Mike were standing.  Tara’s boyfriend looked untrusting and jealous.  Shauna looked confused.
It took a few minutes to introduce everybody to everybody.  Tara’s boyfriend was tall and well built.  His name was Jim.
“So Mike finally has a girlfriend now!” Tara teased once everyone was familiar with each other.
“Are you ever going back to Connecticut?” Mike asked his sister.
“No, not to that family,” she responded bitterly.
“What’s so bad about it?”
“Well for one thing look at Mom’s choice of husbands.  Yet she has the nerve to complain about who I love,” Tara started.  Mike could tell there was some issues and resentment there.  He didn’t know the full story of what happened between them and didn’t want to press the issue in a public place.
Mike just nodded.
“Hey, why don’t we all have dinner together?  I know a great place,” Tara said.
Mike, Shauna, and Tim agreed so it was settled.
After paying for their purchases, Mike and Shauna followed Tara’s car to a restaurant.  The food was delicious and cheap for the quality and service.
Near the end of the meal, Tara asked, “So where are you guys staying tonight?  In a hotel?”
“Probably,” Mike answered.
“Why waste more money?  You can stay with us.  We have an extra bedroom,” Tara said.
Mike looked over at Shauna.  “I’m okay with it,” she replied.

Tara’s house was a one story building set in one of those “planned” neighborhoods.  As Mike stepped in, a dog ran up to meet him.  It was wagging its tail and almost jumped on his leg.  Mike was a little startled, but then reached down to pet it.
“Rover loves company.  Especially guys,” Tara smiled and went over to her couch to sit down.  
Tim sat down next to her.  There was something in his eyes, like he was a little suspicious of Mike, but Mike didn’t let it bother him.  It was Tara’s life and he didn’t know anything to justify a bad opinion of Tim.
Rover stared as Mike and Shauna made their way to separate seats.
Tim suggested watching one of their DVDs to pass the time, so they did.  It was an action flick with a lot of explosions and guns.  Mike could tell Shauna wasn’t thrilled with it.
“We’re gonna head off to bed,” Tara said when the movie was finished.  “We usually go to sleep early.  You two can stay up as late as you like.  The guest bedroom is right across from ours”
Tara and Tim then went off into a bedroom down the hall and closed the door.
“Your sister seems sweet,” Shauna told Mike once they were alone together.
“She is.  We used to have fun together when we were little,” Mike replied.
“How much older is she than you?”
“Three years.”
“That’s a good difference,” Shauna replied.
“I’m gonna get some stuff from the car,” Mike sat up.
Rover stared at him as he went out the door and got the suitcase full of cash.  He didn’t want to take any chances, being so close now.  He also found Dexter’s fake gun so he just took it inside as well.
Rover almost got hit by the door as Mike opened it.  He was standing right there panting.
Shauna then went into the bathroom.  She said she needed a long, hot shower after her experience in Denver.  Mike went into the guest bedroom and was a little upset to see only bed.  And no couch.  Someone would have to sleep on the floor.
He sat on the bed and opened the suitcase.  His spirits dropped once he saw that over half of the bills were missing and the rest were carelessly scattered around inside.
“No, those jerks hid a bunch and kept it back for themselves,” Mike groaned.
He then began counting to see how much was actually left.  He was dismayed to find it was just under three thousand.  So they had stolen almost eight.  Would they still demand ten to free Loretta?  If so, then Mike and Shauna were definitely screwed.
Mike lay back on the bed with suitcase of money still open and closed his eyes.  Shauna walked in a few minutes later, drying her hair.  She could sense something was the matter.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“They took over half the ten thousand,” Mike groaned, with his eyes still closed.
“I figured they’d try something like that.  They’re just plain rotten to the core,” Shauna said in disgust.
“How’d you even get mixed up with guys like that?” Mike asked.
“Well, not intentionally of course.  I met them through Rich and Pete at the carnival.  And I gambled in a place I shouldn’t have.  I was younger and more naïve then,” Shauna explained.
“Everyone makes mistakes,” Mike sat up in bed.  “What I’m worried about is if they still ask for ten thousand to get Loretta freed.”
“Then we’d have to come up with a few thousand more,” Shauna said.
“I’ll try gambling for it.  I once beat the computer at poker on the internet,” Mike said.
“Mike, Vegas is tough to win and I don’t want to go down to zero in cash,” Shauna sat on the bed next to him.
“So what are the sleeping arrangements?” Mike asked.  “I can take the floor if you want.”
“Nonsense.  The bed’s big enough,” Shauna replied.
Mike started to get excited.  He had never slept in the same bed with a girl before.
“You mean us both in one bed?” Mike asked.
“What are you?  A priest or twelve or something?” Shauna asked in mock anger.
“Well okay,” Mike said.  “And look at this,” he took out the fake gun from Dexter.
Shauna jumped.
“Don’t worry.  It’s not real.  Just looks real.  Dexter gave it to me.  Figure we could use it as leverage against the bad guys,” Mike said.
“Well, still, be careful with it,” Shauna said.
Half an hour later, they turned out the lights and got into bed together.  Clothes on, of course.  Mike was surprised when Shauna leaned against him.  This is getting serious, he thought to himself.
“Mike, are you a virgin?” Shauna asked.
“Well, uh, uh,” Mike stuttered, thinking of a way to not lie and not sound like a wimp either.
“It’s okay.  I don’t mind,” Shauna said.  “Good night.”
“Good night,” Mike drifted off to sleep.

Mike could feel Shauna’s warmth against him.  It was calming and gave him a feeling of being safe.  Their next stop would be the most dangerous one, but with Shauna beside him, he felt like he could do anything.
He woke up a few times during the night.  He watched the shadows against the walls and the curtains sway in the light breeze.  He didn’t remember dreaming, but he knew he fell asleep several times.  Before he knew it, the sun was shining through the window.
He stretched.  Shauna mumbled, still fast asleep.  The air was warm.  Mike thought about all that had happened the past few weeks.  Back in August, how could he have predicted he would be going on the adventure of a lifetime?  He wasn’t sorry he did it, though.  He saw what happened to others.  They graduated college and got a normal job that barely paid the bills, bought houses down the street from the parents, and their day was taking the kids to soccer practice or piano lessons.  Mike wanted to be different.  He wasn’t accepted by the mainstream crowd, anyway.
The phone ringing loudly startled Mike out of his thoughts.  He could see Shauna stirring to life at the noise.  He picked up Polly’s phone on the third ring.
“Hello?”
“Yeah, it’s you know who.  We’re impressed by the nerve you had back in Denver.  So we’ll make a deal.  You have one week to show up in Vegas with the ten grand, or else Loretta gets found at the bottom of the Grand Canyon!”
Before Mike could respond, the person hung up.  Mike couldn’t tell which one of the three bad guys it was, or if it was someone who worked for them.  Oh no.  The thought that there could be more unsettled Mike.
“What was that about?” Shauna asked, sitting up in bed and stretching.
“They’re gonna kill Loretta in a week if we don’t bring them the money,” Mike told her dismally.
“And they still want the full ten thousand?” Shauna knew the answer.
“Yes,” Mike replied grimly.
“That means we’ll have wasted over fifteen thousand on those scum!” Shauna complained.  Then she turned sad, “Oh, poor Loretta.  I hope she forgives me.”
“It’s not your fault,” he consoled her.
“Mike, if we get out of this alive, I don’t know how I’m going to repay you for sticking by me,” Shauna said.
“It’s nothing,” Mike shrugged.
“Yeah, like this is usual fare for you?” Shauna said sarcastically.
“We’ll beat them.  Don’t worry,” Mike said firmly.
Just then something occurred to Shauna.  “Mike, how did they know Polly’s cell number?”
“They’ve known a lot of things about us.  It’s scary,” Mike replied.
“Her phone has caller ID.  Can you tell where they called from?”
“No, it’s unlisted.”
“Damn!” Shauna slammed her fists on the bedsheets.
They could hear Tara and Tim stirring to life from the next room.  Mike and Shauna got up and went out into the living room.  Tara and Tim came out in their pajamas a few minutes later.
“Hey, did you guys sleep well?” Tara aksed.
“Yes,” Mike and Shauna said in unison.
“Well who’s up for bacon and eggs?” Tara said brightly.
“She’s a great cook,” Tim commented.
“Thank you, dear,” Tara said and bumped him with her hip.
Twenty minutes later, all four were in seated in the kitchen devouring a delicious breakfast of bacon, eggs, toast, and hash browns.  Mike couldn’t get enough it tasted so good.
After the dishes were cleared, Mike and Shauna tried to get going, but Tara and Tim insisted they at least stay the afternoon.  Mike and Shauna backed down and agreed.
Mike played basketball with Tim in the backyard for a couple hours.  They just had one hoop and Tim was considerably better than Mike.  Mike was embarrassed by the end of it.
“Don’t worry about it.  It was just a game,” Tim told him as they went back inside.
Tara had been trying to get Shauna hooked on her favorite soap opera.  Shauna said she didn’t know if she could be home at the same time everyday.
Shauna didn’t elaborate on the troubles they were in, but declined Tara’s offer to stay over another night.  They left before dinnertime.  Tara gave Mike her number.  He put it in Polly’s cell phone.
“Just don’t be giving my number out to the whole family and all their friends.  Please,” Tara ordered.
“Promise,” Mike grinned.
“Bye brother,” Tara hugged him good-bye.
“Bye,” Mike was glad fortune had smiled upon him in letting him see his sister again.  He had started to worry about her the past few months.
Mike and Shauna pulled out of the driveway and were soon on the road again.  As the landscape, turned to arid desert, Mike was amazed.
“I never knew there was this much open space in America,” he commented to Shauna.
“I know, but I don’t think they can build much out in desert like this,” she replied.
Mike was amazed.  There was just dry ground as far as the eye could see with mountains way in the distance.  The traffic was light.
They passed a sign saying ‘Vegas 50 mi’
“Almost there,” Mike said lively.
Shauna just nodded.
They drove through endless desert for over an hour.  It was starting to get dark again.  Mike could see the sun go down over the mountains in the West.  The American West appealed to Mike more than the Northeast.  There was so much more beautiful scenery.  He heard the cost of living was cheaper too.  Maybe after this was all over, he would stay out here.  He could get a job.  If he decided he needed to finish college, he could transfer and finish out here.
It was now totally dark.  The starry sky and moon overhead was the only source of light.  Suddenly, the Vegas horizon came up on them.
He could see the huge casinos and their odd shapes as well as a whole city surrounding them.  The neon lights stood out in bold contrast to the dark desert around it.
Twenty minutes, later they came into Las Vegas.  Shauna directed him to the strip.  Mike was amazed.  A whole road with casinos on each side, each one a different theme.  They passed Circus Circus, the Bellagio, MGM, and the Mirage.  Mike had never seen such opulence.
Many pedestrians of various shapes and sizes walked along the streets.  He wondered where they were from and what their life stories were.  He was interested in cities that attracted a lot of tourists.  Someone from New York City could be playing the slot next to someone from Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Well this is it, Mike thought.  Do or die.  We’re finally here.  We better get prepared.  Danger’s coming.




Chapter 26


Mike drove down the Las Vegas Strip, still amazed by the dazzle and the glitter.
“Should we stay at the Luxor?” he asked Shauna, not really caring which hotel they stayed at.  All of them were amazing.
“I don’t know.  It could make things worse.  I’ve always loved the Mirage,” Shauna said.
Mike just wanted to please her so he found parking in the Mirage.  As they walked into the lobby, Mike was even more amazed.  Everything from the rugs to the lights to the décor and ambience just spelled richness and luxury.  He hoped the hotel bill wouldn’t be too much.
They checked in.  Mike could hear the bells and whistles and jingles of the slot machines.  He wished he could play without getting caught.  He stopped to consider if he looked twenty-one or not.  It was less than two years away, anyway.
They went up to their room, which faced the man-made lake and the rest of the Strip.
“Should we try our luck?” Mike grinned, sitting on the edge of the bed.
“I guess we have no choice now,” Shauna said.  “Let me lead and always sit by me, just in case someone asks your age.  I’ll take responsibility.”
“Thanks, can I play a few?”
“Alright, just don’t lose too much if you’re not lucky,” Shauna said.
The couple eagerly hurried down to the casino floor.  Mike saw all different types of slot machines.  Some were the standard fruit reels, some were other objects.  He saw nickel slots and penny slots, which he didn’t know they had.
He went over and tried a quarter slot next to Shauna.  He put in a twenty dollar bill and she did the same in hers.
Mike pulled the handle.  The wheels spun around and Mike crossed his fingers for luck.  Nothing.  He tried again.  Again nothing.  He tried another time.  This time he got five quarters back.
“I’m up three,” he nudged Shauna.
“Good, go buy a pack of gum,” Shauna teased.
Shauna then won forty quarters.  Mike was excited.  He hoped for the same, but in the next fifteen minutes, the most he won at a time was ten quarters.  His twenty started disappearing.  Just when he had only a few left, he won fifty.
“Whew,” Mike thought.
“I won fifty,” he told Shauna.
“Fifty quarters,” Shauna replied.  “That’s about twelve dollars and fifty cents in money.  We really need a jackpot on the slots to have enough money.”
“We’ll just keep playing,” Mike said.  “Sooner or later, we’ll start winning.”
“Do you know poker or blackjack?” Shauna asked Mike.
“A little,” Mike replied.
“A little’s not good enough.  We’ll lose even more,” Shauna said, feeling frustrated.
“What do you think we should do?” Mike asked concerned.
“I wish we had a way to call Loretta.  Make sure she’s okay,” Shauna complained.
“They’ll call us.  They knew when we were in other places.  They must know we’re here now,” Mike said.
Shauna tried playing some more.  Mike lost his twenty and was about to put in another but Shauna stopped him.  She by luck, won two hundred dollars a few minutes later.
Mike started to get hopeful, but Shauna gave him a reality check.
“Do you know how many two hundreds equal ten thousand?” she demanded.
Mike did a calculation on his fingertips.
“I was speaking figuratively,” Shauna said.  “Let’s look around for something better.”
They passed a sports betting section.
“Do you know sports?” Shauna asked.
“Not as well as most other guys,” Mike admitted.
“I was just thinking,” Shauna said.  “We have almost three thousand, right?”
“Right.”
“And they already stole eight thousand to free me, but that was supposed to be for Loretta,” Shauna said.
“I know, the jerks.”
“No, I’m saying they’ll get their ten thousand.  I’m prepared to beg,” Shauna said.
“Then let’s get to the Luxor and see if we can find them,” Mike said.
Mike was ready to drive but Shauna convinced him to walk.  As he walked down the strip, he admired all the work that went into the hotels.  Caesar’s Palace and Bally’s and all the others.
Funny, many people come here with high hopes of striking it rich.  Mike figured most just leave disappointed.  He had heard horror stories of people losing their life savings here.  The people who ran the casinos didn’t care.  It was more money in their pockets.
They found the Luxor and entered.  It was noisy and crowded.  No sign of anything unusual.  Shauna didn’t want to play slots anymore so they sat in a bar area and Shauna had a vodka cranberry.  Mike ordered one too.  Some soft music was playing and the two admired the scene of eager and hopeful gamblers scattering all over the casino floor.
“These are good,” he told her, when he tasted his drink.
“Have you ever had one before?” she asked.
“Not this one, no,” Mike admitted.  Having not been to many parties, he didn’t have much opportunity to drink.
Just then, Polly’s phone rang.  Shauna grabbed it.
“Meet us in room 1413,” a burly voice on the other end of the line said.
The line went dead before Shauna could say anything back.
“We have them.  Let’s go,” Shauna said, excitement rising in her.
She gulped down her drink and left a tip.  Mike left his drink unfinished and carried the suitcase full of money.
They found the elevators and got on with a middle-aged couple from Texas.  The man was wearing a ten-gallon hat and a bad tie.  He reeked of alcohol, tobacco, and bad cologne.  The woman, slightly heavyset, was huddling close to him.  They got off on the eighth floor.
On the way up, Mike noticed there was no number thirteen on the elevator dial.  So the fourteenth floor was really the thirteenth.  1313.  How nice of them.
The elevator doors opened with a ding and Mike and Shauna got out.  They passed a maid pushing a laundry cart.  They found the door and knocked.
“Come in!” a loud voice called.
They entered nervously.  The room was a suite and much larger then their hotel room at the Mirage.  Vinny and a man who must have been Earl were standing behind a desk.
“How lovely.  Our two expected guests,” Vinny smiled, pretending to be cordial.
“Give back Loretta now!” Shauna yelled.
“Now, now.  Keep your pants on, little lady,” Vinny replied.  “We have some business to discuss.”
“Here,” Mike said.  He walked over to them and handed them the suitcase.
Vinny and Earl gave each other a look and then opened it and counted the money.  Their faces turned to an ugly frown as they counted.
“Um, it seems there is a problem.  The quote was for ten thousand.  This is two and a half,” Vinny sneered.
“We had the money and you took it when you had my girlfriend tied up!” Mike was getting angry now.
“Hold on, son.  That was for a different transaction.  Your little friend Loretta’s remains the same,” Vinny growled and then took out a cigar.  He handed another cigar to Earl.
“Bastards,” Mike muttered under her breath.  The mobsters ignored his comment.
After their cigars were lit, Vinny started talking.  “Mike, is that your name?”  Mike nodded.  “You know Mike, why large buildings don’t label the thirteenth floor with the number thirteen.  Not on the elevators or the doors to the rooms.  Do you know why?”
“Superstition?” Mike guessed.
“Correct.  Bad things have happened on the thirteenth floor of buildings.  Tragedies.  Terrible, terrible things,” Vinny said.  Earl giggled fiendishly.
“Want to know what bad thing will happen on this thirteenth floor if we don’t get our ten thousand?” Vinny demanded.
“What?” Mike almost yelled.
“Earl,” Vinny waved his hand at him as if commanding him to do something.  Earl went into the adjoining room.
He came out later pushing Loretta who was bound and gagged.  She looked frightened but glad to see her friends trying to help her.  Shauna was shocked and felt her heart leap in compassion.  Loretta looked dirty and bruised, like she hadn’t bathed in days.
“This young woman here, will fling herself to her death off the thirteenth floor balcony.  A suicide.  Tragic thing about suicides, you know.  Your soul is stuck in limbo,” Vinny seemed pleased with himself.
“Unlike yours which will be hell,” Mike growled.
“Well aren’t we a little tiger?” Vinny said in a comical voice like he was talking to a six year old family member.
“Earl, put her back.  They’ve seen enough,” Vinny then commanded.
Loretta’s eyes read ‘help me’ as she was pushed back into the adjoining room.
“Look, you have ten thousand.  It’s what you asked.  We don’t have eight thousand more.  Please.  Let her go,” Shauna begged.
Earl laughed sadistically.  “Wait a minute,” Vinny responded.  “I’m always partial to a beautiful, desperate female.  Perhaps we can work out a deal.”
“Like what?” Shauna asked, almost ready to take an offer.
“Have you heard of the movie ‘Deepthroat?’?” Vinny asked with a grin.
Shauna knew where he was going with this.
“Not the political aspect?  I’m talking the name.  I think they call it ‘fellatio’ in other countries.  You do a good job on me and on Earl, and I’ll consider letting this one slide.  For the two thousand five hundred, of course.”
“You slimy pig.  I wouldn’t even shake your hand!” Shauna screamed.
“Oh, then I believe our exchange is over,” Vinny said while Earl pulled out a gun.
Vinny threw the suitcase of money on the floor in front of Mike and Shauna.
“That is of no use to me.  And neither are you.  Now leave!”
Shauna and Mike started to protest but Earl was coming at them, forcing them out the door with the barrel of the gun.
“If by chance, you come up with the ten grand within five days, come back and see us,” Vinny said.  “If not, there’ll be an apparent suicide found lying on the sidewalk out front.  Bones shattered.  Probably a bloody mess.”
The next thing Mike and Shauna knew they were in the hall and the door was slammed in their face.  They stood there speechless.  




Chapter 27



At least Mike had picked up the suitcase and taken it back with them, he consoled to himself.  Shauna was standing there fuming, with her face red.
“They’re evil,” was all Mike could muster up to say.
“Of course they are.  That’s why we’ve been on the run for weeks,” Shauna replied.
“So what do we do now?” Mike asked.
“Plan B, of course,” Shauna replied.
“Which is?”
“If you know, please let me in on it,” Shauna sighed and began storming back to the elevator.
Mike followed.  They unhappily walked back to the Mirage.  By that time, Mike was getting hungry.
“Do the casinos have real restaurants?” he asked Shauna.
“Of course.  But why don’t we try the buffet?” Shauna asked.
They found the escalator upstairs to one of the buffet rooms and entered.  There was a wide variety of meats, vegetables, and side dishes.  Mike took turkey and roast potatoes.  Shauna took pork and rice.
Over dinner, Shauna suddenly asked, “Mike, when you called me your girlfriend,” she paused with a glint in her eye.  “Did you mean it?”
“Sure,” Mike said without hesitating.  “How many girls have I done this for?  You know, run across country and risk my life?”
“None, right?” Shauna smiled.
“Only you,” Mike replied with a sly grin.
Shauna smiled and seemed happy the rest of the meal.  After eating, they were both getting tired.  Both had yawned a few times during dinner.  So they went back up to their room to get ready for bed.
As they were settled down, Shauna suddenly asked, “Mike, my, er, abnormal midsection, it doesn’t bother you?”
“No, I’m not shallow like that.  It’s what’s on the inside that counts,” Mike meant it.
“That means a lot to me.  When I was a younger, lots of guys left me when they found out.  It’s our superficial culture, I guess.  I took it really hard at times, gave up on men, on love,” Shauna looked dreamily at Mike.
Mike thought she was starting to fall in love back.  He was too.  He nodded and shut out the lights, and fantasized what they would do when the mobsters were out of the way.  Maybe go to California, or Europe.  It would be fun.  Mike closed his eyes and slept a deep, restful sleep.

Mike and Shauna both woke up the same time the next morning.  It was almost eleven a.m.
“We certainly slept well,” Shauna stated lazily.
“I always used to sleep this late on weekends,” Mike told her.
They then took turns in the bathroom getting ready for the day.  They decided to give gambling one more try.
“Let’s try roulette, once chance or we forget it,” Shauna suggested.
Mike was game for almost anything.  They found a roulette table and got a hundred dollar chip to bet with.
“Call it,” Shauna said to Mike.
“Um 37 black,” Mike thought of any number that came to his head first.
A few onlookers rooted them on.  The wheel landed on 14 red.  The onlookers groaned in disappointment.  They were surprised when Mike and Shauna walked away after only one attempt.
“How about another casino?” Mike asked.
“The odds are probably about the same, at least on the Strip.  Unless we go to Fremont Street.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s a few miles away.  They have smaller casinos.  It’s part of the original Vegas,” Shauna told him.
“Well I’ll drive if you want to,” Mike said.
They agreed and were soon on their way to Fremont Street.  The first thing they did when they found parking was had brunch.  Mike was surprised to see a lone slot machine in the waiting area of the restaurant.  He couldn’t resist trying, but lost two dollars.
“Come on,” Shauna pulled him away before he could lose more.
When they actually got to Fremont Street itself, Mike wasn’t prepared for the overhead ceiling.
“Why do they have that?” Mike pointed upwards.
“They put on lightshows at night.”
“Wow,” Mike was impressed with Vegas so far.
Mike and Shauna found a small casino and tried their luck there.  They did a little better.  They were able to stay on their original twenty dollars each for about five hours, but they were determined to win a jackpot.  That would be the only way to save Loretta so they kept playing, moving up to larger bets such as three rows or five rows per spin.  An hour later they were both down to nothing.
Shauna sighed, “Oh well, she wasn’t that good a friend anyway.”
Mike was taken aback.  “What?” he asked incredulously.
“Joke, silly.  Just a little dark humor,” Shauna winked at him.
“Oh, right,” Mike felt stupid for not getting it right off the bat.
By that time, it was getting dark and the first lightshow on Fremont Street had started.  Mike and Shauna went out to watch.  They looked up overhead as the bulbs turned all different colors to make shapes and patterns and objects.  About a hundred other people were nearby watching as well.
It lasted a few minutes, then went dark again.  Everyone clapped.
“That’s it?” Mike asked.
“They’ll repeat it many times throughout the night,” Shauna told him.
Mike was impressed at how much Shauna got around.  She was only twenty-four and seemed to know a lot about everywhere they went.  It must have been an exciting youth, traveling all over the country and seeing America.  Until this experience, Mike hadn’t fully appreciated or realized the diversity and richness of the country.  From desert to mountains to plains to beaches, America had it all.  He felt proud being a citizen.
They walked down the street looking for a restaurant.  They found one that was a little upscale but went in anyway.  All the entrees were about fifteen dollars.  Mike ordered chicken parmesan and Shauna ordered chicken marsala.  The meal was delicious, but they both had a nagging feeling of hopelessness.  Would they be responsible for Loretta’s death if the mobsters were serious about their threat?  Mike didn’t want to live with that the rest of his life.  He wanted to be the hero desperately, but getting ten thousand dollars in one week just wasn’t realistic unless someone was already rich.

As they were leaving the restaurant, Shauna spotted a sign outside a store that looked interesting.
“Look,” she pointed.
Mike and Shauna walked over to look closer.
It read “Karaoke Contest!  Grand Prize: $10,000”
Shauna got excited at the thought.  “That would be perfect if I could win it!”
“Can you sing?” Mike asked.
“It’s easy.  Karaoke’s fun.  And I’m used to performing in front of people.  I wonder how large the audience will be,” Shauna said, already headed for the entry booth.
“You’re entering?” Mike asked.
“Why not?  It’s a better hope than gambling,” Shauna said and found the woman who was accepting entries.
She gave her name and paid a five dollar entry fee.  She found out the contest was scheduled for nine p.m. that night at a stadium three blocks away.
“You better hurry.  They give you an hour and a half before time begins to prepare,” the lady told Shauna.  Then she added, “You’ll need it.”
Mike and Shauna walked over to the stadium at top speed.  Shauna gave the doorman a ticket the lady had given her.  They were admitted and went backstage.  It was frantic in back.  There were at least fifty men and women running around, practicing their notes, or trying on costumes.
Shauna and Mike saw racks of dresses, wigs, and assorted clothes to wear.
“Are we supposed to be in costume?” she asked one lady walking by.
“It would help,” the lady said while still walking away.
Shauna went to one rack to see what costumes were available, there were pinafores like Dorothy from the wizard of Oz wore, monster costumes, ball gowns, and everything imaginable.  She checked her watch.  It was after seven.  She had less than two hours to decide what song to sing and what to wear.  Mike had faith in her.  He gave her several ideas, but she rejected all of them.
“I need something stunning, that will get attention,” Shauna told him.
Decisions, decisions.  If she won, they would be on easy street.  If not, they had a few days to prevent a death.  Life just wasn’t fair sometimes.




Chapter 28


Shauna was looking through a rack of dresses, when a middle-aged woman with heavy make-up came over and stood beside her.  She stared disapprovingly.
“And who are you?” the stranger demanded.
“Shauna, I’m trying the competition,” Shauna replied.
“Well, let me tell you something, missie.  You can put that dress right back because I’ve won this competition every year for the past three years.  So just give up and go home,” the woman said arrogantly.
“Oh, well maybe tonight you’ll learn what it feels like to lose,” Shauna snapped, ready for a fight if it came to that.
The woman made a fist and gritted her teeth, then just turned up her nose and huffed away.
A blonde with a large bosom came over to her.  “Don’t worry about her.  She always tries to intimidate every new person she sees,” the woman said.
“I’m not worried about something that looks like that,” Shauna responded.
The blonde let out a hearty laugh.  “You have a point.  Her face is so wrinkled you could grate cheese on it and her boobs are so saggy her knees have bruises!”
The blonde and Shauna cracked up laughing.  Mike, who had overheard, rolled his eyes.
“I’m Wendy,” the blonde held out her hand.
“Shauna,” Shauna accepted the greeting.
“Look, I’ve tried this a few times.  They have it every year.  The best thing to do is relax, be comfortable, and act natural.  You’ll at least get a runner up prize that way.”
“Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind,” Shauna said.  Then added, “There’s so much to choose from.  How does anyone decide?”
“You’re telling me,” Wendy said.  “Here, follow me.  I’ll show you the list of songs we have to choose from.”
Wendy led Shauna to a computer monitor that had a list of about two or three hundred songs
“If you don’t pick one on here, you’re automatically disqualified,” Wendy warned her.
“Some list,” Shauna commented as she began looking through it.
The list ranged from Elvis to brand new acts, from R&B to Heavy Metal to Christian Rock.  Shauna searched for something she would like.  Mike walked over and stood beside her to watch.  He grimaced at the list.  He hoped the competition wasn’t too talented tonight.  For a moment he wanted to be selfish.  He and Shauna needed the ten thousand more than other contestants.  Someone’s life depended on it.
Finally Shauna lit up when she hit a few Cher songs.
“I love Cher,” Shauna exclaimed.  “I always listened to her growing up!”
“Yeah, but can you look and act and sound like her?” Mike was doubtful.
“Trust me,” Shauna said.
“But…,” Mike started to try and convince her to pick an easier choice but she was already determined.
“Move, honey,” Shauna pushed Mike out of the way.  He had never seen her so determined about winning something.
For the next twenty minutes, Shauna frantically searched through the wigs and dresses to find the perfect match.  She settled on a long orange wig with hair so straight and silky, it looked priceless.  As she put it on, Mike’s impression of her talent got a little better.  She almost looked like a Cher impersonator.  Almost.
Wendy came over and raved about the wig and then they left Mike standing by himself while they went to dress and put on their make-up.  Mike put his hands in his pockets and surveyed the crowd.  Some looked like hillbillies.  He saw a set of quadruplets, which he found interesting.  He had only seen a pair of identical twins once or twice in his life.
Everyone ignored him as rehearsals began.  One guy, who was obviously one of the managers walked around making sure everything was in order.  Mike could smell the excitement in the air.  Lots of easy cash was enough to get anybody going.
When it got closer, a man in a tuxedo entered the room and instructed everyone who wasn’t performing to go sit in the front two rows of the audience.  They did as directed without a delay.  Mike stepped out of from behind a curtain and was surprised to see an arena full of people.  He nondescriptly sauntered over to an empty chair in the middle of the second row and sat.
“How does the voting work?” he asked the guy next to him.
“Everyone has an electronic buzzer with buttons numbered 1 to 5.  5 being fantastic, 1 being the performance was awful.  They all press their buttons and a supercomputer tabulates the results,” the guy explained.
“Nice,” Mike nodded.
Shortly after, the lights went out and the host came onstage.
“Ladies and gentlemen.  Prepare to be dazzled by the best aspiring talent in the Southwest.  We have a lot of acts tonight.  Almost twenty.  So get ready, and here she is… Miss Linda Lada!” the host ducked out of sight and a pretty woman came on stage.
She sang a slow country western from the sixties.  It was fine, but Mike thought it was a little boring.  He hoped the rest of the audience felt the same way.
Wendy was fourth.  She was the best so far, Mike thought.  He did hear a couple boos from the back of the crowd, however.
Mike couldn’t wait to see Shauna in her get-up.  He wished her the best and silently prayed she would win.
As the next few acts came on, Mike began to get worried.  The audience started clapping and some started singing along.  These people are better than I thought, Mike worried.  What if we didn’t win?
Mike counted how many acts there were.  Finally, after the sixteenth act, he noticed Shauna getting ready to come onstage.  He could barely recognize her, but someone could mistake her for Cher if they didn’t know any better.
When she came on, Mike felt a sudden change in the audience.  Shauna seemed to give off a strong, positive energy.  Mike had learned about projecting in an acting class he had tried in junior high.  He ended up getting a small bit part with two lines.
Shauna smiled gracefully.  Her eyes, hair, and dress were all sparkling.  The music started playing and then Shauna started singing the best rendition of “Walkin in Memphis” she possibly could.  Mike could tell Shauna was trying to copy Cher’s facial expressions as well.  She was doing great.  Mike was excited for her.
Shauna looked happy.  Like she was doing what she loved to do best.  Put on a show and entertain the hell out of people.  He thought back to the first few days he saw her back in Connecticut.  Something about her, especially in make-up, just grabbed people and allured them in.
Shauna slowly brought up the intensity and energy of the song.  Mike had heard the lyrics a few times before.  She was singing them perfectly.  He wasn’t a music critic, but she hit all the right notes in his eyes.  As Shauna’s energy built, the audience started getting excited.  A few guys whistled and made catcalls at her.  Then it kind of snowballed and the audience was clapping.  Shauna sensed it and gave it back even more.  For that moment, she was a star.
Mike began to be faithful that she might actually win this darn thing.  By the time she finished, Shauna was out of breath, and many people cheered and whistled.
The host popped out smiling.  “Well thank you.  Audience, let’s give one more round of applause for first time tryout…,” he hesitated.
Shauna whispered something in his ear.
“Zelda!” he exclaimed with eagerness.
The audience clapped and Shauna walked off the stage smiling.  She bumped into the rude lady on her way off the stage.
The lady who had claimed to win three years in a row was next.  Her performance sunk next to Shauna’s.  Mike noticed the woman getting annoyed when the audience wasn’t responding well.  A few people clapped, just out of pity, when she was finished.  She stormed off the stage muttering under her breath.
There were two more acts and then the show was over.  Mike waited with bated breath while the votes were counted.  His heart was beating a mile a minute.
Finally, the results were in and the host dragged out the naming of the winner for suspense.  Then it was revealed.  Shauna won!
Mike’s heart leapt for joy as Shauna came on stage to accept her check.  The audience, mostly the men, cheered.  Mike joined in and cheered to.  
“Who is that girl?” the guy next to him asked him, nudging him in the shoulder.
“My girlfriend,” Mike replied.
The guy flicked his eyes.  “Lucky you,” he muttered and then resumed clapping and cheering.
When Mike was finally allowed to come backstage, he greeted her warmly.  Shauna ran up and hugged him.  All of a sudden, he felt the two of them getting closer.  A little physical affection was becoming acceptable now.  He hoped the bond would last.  He enjoyed her company.  Her touch was soft and comforting.
When Shauna finally detached herself from him, she said, “Well now we can finally pay that greedy slime off and enjoy Las Vegas!”
Mike smiled.  “You were terrific.  Couldn’t have happened without you.”
Wendy came over and warmly congratulated Shauna.  Wendy had won fourth place, which was the last acknowledged standing.  The woman who had been rude hadn’t even placed.
She walked by sneering.  “This town sure is changing.  Pick a two-bit tramp over class!” she snorted.
“A two bit tramp who’s ten thousand dollars richer than you,” Shauna backfired.  She looked like she enjoyed the catfight.
The lady walked away cursing.
“I hope she never enters again,” Wendy exclaimed and said congrats once more.
Shauna smiled.  She put her mind to it and she did it.  Their luck was perhaps changing for the better now.




Chapter 29


Mike and Shauna entered their hotel room at the Mirage excitedly.
“So why don’t we go get Loretta?” Mike asked.
“They probably want cash and the banks aren’t open,” Shauna reminded him.
“Right,” Mike sighed.
They both went to bed feeling relieved that their main worry was over.

The next morning, Mike and Shauna left about noon to look for a bank that would cash their check.  They finally found one, but the teller eyed them suspiciously as she handed them the bills.  Mike had the suitcase ready.  Once they had they money, they put their car back in the Mirage’s parking deck and walked over to the Luxor.
As Mike passed under the Sphinx, he got a sense of an evil eye watching him.  He wondered if any other illicit activities were taking place in one of the upstairs rooms.  Without hesitating, they took the elevator up to room 1413 and knocked.
A few minutes later, Earl answered in his bathrobe.  He had shaving cream all over his face.
“Oh, it’s you two,” he growled.  “You better have the money.  I hope you just didn’t come here to waste more of our time.”
“We have it,” Shauna told him.
“Well give us a minute while I finish shaving.  Sit over there and wait for us,” Earl ordered, pointing to a couch in the corner.
Mike and Shauna did as commanded.  The wait was uncomfortable.  Mike and Shauna both kept silent while waiting.  The wait started to seem too long.  Earl and Vinny obviously had no sense of urgency about getting back to them.
Finally, the door to the next room and Earl and Vinny came out with sleazy grins on their faces.  Earl was clean shaven and dressed.
“So, you have something for us, I believe?” Vinny asked holding out his hand.
Mike walked over and handed him the suitcase.  He opened it right away and set to counting the money while Mike and Shauna watched.  Mike had a nagging suspicion he would lie and say there wasn’t enough in there, but Vinny didn’t.
“Congratulations.  Your friend gets to live.  It’s funny though, I was kinda hoping you wouldn’t pull through.  I don’t know, I’m just a rotten guy I guess,” Vinny laughed sleazily and then gave Earl the suitcase full of money.
Earl took it into the next room.  Mike and Shauna heard shuffling for a few minutes and then Loretta came out, looking weary and relieved.  Her clothes were wrinkled and her hair hadn’t been washed in a week, but she was glad to see them.
“Hi,” she said weakly to Shauna and Mike.
“Can we go now?” Shauna asked Vinny.
“Yeah, you better.  And don’t bother us again!” he barked.
The three friends walked quickly out of the hotel room and slammed the door.
“How was it?  Did they feed you properly?  I hope they didn’t touch you inappropriately, did they?” Shauna started asked twenty questions.
Loretta sighed and said, “Honestly, the first thing I’d like to do is just take a hot bubble bath.”

Two hours later, as Loretta was soaking in their tub, Mike and Shauna debated what to do next.
“We still have over two thousand left,” Mike was telling Shauna.  “We could do something fun with it.”
“Don’t you miss Connecticut?  Don’t you have to reapply for next semester?” Shauna asked him.
“No and I don’t think I’m going back to that school,” Mike told her firmly.
“But education is important.  Look where I ended up,” Shauna told him.
Mike sighed.  “I’m just not ready right now.”
Loretta came out in a pink bathrobe five minutes later.  Her hair was tied back in a pony tail.
“So I guess I better book my plane ticket home to Louisiana,” she said as she sat on a chair by their little desk.  “But I have one favor to ask.”
“What?” Mike and Shauna asked in unison.
“Can we do something fun, just the three of us, while I’m still here?  After the last week, I need one good memory of Vegas before I go.  But I’d like it to be tomorrow.  Tonight I just want to stay in and get a long, good night’s sleep.”
“Sure, I understand,” Shauna said.  “We can order movies and room service tonight.  How does that sound?”
Everyone agreed.  They spent the night talking, eating, and watching rented comedies on the TV.  When it was time to go to bed, Mike offered to sleep on the floor.  He especially didn’t want Loretta to see him and Shauna sleeping together.
They agreed, so Mike took a pillow and a blanket and made himself comfortable on the floor.  Loretta took the bed Mike was using.  She fell asleep almost as soon as her head hit the pillow.  Mike stayed up, awhile staring at the dark ceiling and thinking.
Was it over?  Were things going to go back to mundane, normal reality now?  And more importantly would Shauna rejoin her carnival gang or stay with him awhile?  He drifted off to sleep and had strange dreams about being part of a carnival himself.  It felt almost natural.  Even being on the floor, he slept soundly all through the night.

When Mike awoke, Shauna and Loretta were already up.  Their beds were already made and they were dressed and looked ready to start the day.  Mike got up, stretched up and looked at the clock.  It was after eleven in the morning.
“Hey, sleepy,” Loretta quipped.
“Hey,” Mike mumbled groggily.  He rubbed his eyes to make sure he was fully awake now.
“We’re just planning the day’s activities,” Shauna said.
“Great, what’s on the list?”
“We may go see an old Ghost Town.  One that was thriving in the Old Wild West, then come back here and see the Caesar’s Palace Mall,” Shauna said excitedly.
“Hurry up and get ready, Mike.  Only so many hours in the day,” Loretta said excitedly.
Mike did as instructed.  Being a guy, it only took about ten minutes.  He didn’t bother showering.
They left about noon.  Shauna had found a brochure detailing the Ghost Town.  When they got there, there were only about twelve other tourists there.  They saw an old saloon, jail, brothel, courthouse, and a few old houses.  As Mike stepped inside the saloon, he could smell the history in the air.  Almost like history was reliving itself right there.  Maybe the spirits of dead gunslingers and outlaws were watching.  But then again he didn’t really believe in that stuff.
There was no tour guide, just some signs by each building giving details about the history of each section of the town.  Mike could imagine cowboys and horses, sheriffs and showdowns.  The road wasn’t paved.  So it was dusty and sandy, but the girls found it thrilling even though the wind blew some sand in their clothes.
Next they toured the jail and saw a list of all the most wanted criminals of the 1800’s.  There was a book on display detailing the history of the region.  Mike leafed through it.  He didn’t have time to read it all, but it seemed fascinating.
They stared there about two hours, taking pictures.  Shauna and Loretta had both bought cheap 35mm cameras.  Then they left and headed back to Vegas.  Loretta took pictures of the Stratosphere and the fountains outside the Bellagio, the roller coaster over New York New York, the Greek and Roman statues outside Caesar’s palace.  Mike figured they must have gone through two or three rolls already.
Mike walked past some boxes in the street that he thought held newspapers or brochures, but instead they held lists of prostitutes and escorts.  He put it back the moment he realized what it was.  The guy part of him thought it was cool, but he didn’t want the ladies to see.  They did, however.
“Prostitution’s legal in Nevada.  There’s a Bunny Ranch not so far away.  Don’t get any ideas, Mike,” Loretta said half-jokingly.
“I won’t,” Mike grinned.
By the time it got dark, they went inside the Caesar’s mall.  Mike was amazed.  The ceiling was domed shaped and painted blue with clouds on it like a fake sky.  The stores were mostly upscale and none of the three were in the mood to spend that kind of money that night.  But they found a good restaurant and went inside.
The restaurant was Hollywood themed, and pictures of celebrities including those from the Golden Age like Marilyn Monroe and Betty Davis.  They sat and enjoyed a peaceful dinner.
“Should we call it a night?” Shauna asked as they were nearing the end of the meal.
“Nonsense, I leave tomorrow and I want another good memory to make up for what happened,” she paused.  “Anybody up for dancing?”
“Like a nightclub?” Shauna asked.
“Sure.  I know there’s one we can get in to,” Loretta sounded so eager, Mike and Shauna both agreed.
Mike hated to dance.  He was clumsy, awkward, and had two left feet.  And that was by himself, not to mention dancing with a partner.  But they found the club anyway and had no problem getting in.  Loud music was playing.  It was dark and all the colored lights were flashing everybody from green to red to pink to blue and more.
Loretta immediately walked over to the bar and ordered a Jack Daniels.  Shauna just had a spritzer and Mike ordered a Miller Lite.  He was starting to feel like a man now.  Most of the clubgoers looked trendy and hip, like they did this often.  Their hair was styled odd or their clothes made a bold statement.  They seemed to be having fun though.
Shauna and Loretta went on the floor to dance.  They were pretty good, but Mike just watched to start.  Five minutes later, Shauna came over and grabbed him.  She  pulled him by the arm onto the dance floor.  
“Come on.  What do you think we’re here for?” Shauna asked.
“I can’t dance,” Mike told her.
“Just relax and try with me,” Shauna stood close by him and moved her arms and legs.
Mike did the same, thought not as well or energetically.
“Come on,” Shauna grabbed his arms and flailed them up and down.  
Mike started moving better at her cue.
“There you go,” she said amicably.
They danced to a few songs together and Loretta found some guy to dance with.  Next a few slow songs came on.  Shauna moved closer to Mike and put her arms around him.  He hesitated to put her arms around her waist, but then did.
They moved slowly to the music.
“Mike, I just wanted to thank you for all you’ve done for me.  You’ve always been so willing and never complained,” Shauna looked into his eyes.
“Don’t worry about it,” Mike answered back, blushing slightly.
“No one’s ever treated me this well, you know,” Shauna told him.
“People don’t know what their missing,” Mike told her.
Their lips moved closer like they were about to kiss.  Then they backed away slightly.  Then they just decided to go for out and started a full make-out session.  It lasted a few minutes.  Mike had never been kissed that passionately before.  Just a few little pecks on the cheek or lips was all he had gotten.  This felt great.
Then suddenly, Shauna pulled away.
“Sorry,” Mike apologized.
“No, I’m sorry,” Shauna apologized too.
“No, we shouldn’t do this, right?” Mike asked.
“Or should we?” Shauna asked, confused.
They stated at each other a few minutes, lost in each other’s eyes.  Then Mike took control.
“Time for another round of drinks, whattaya say?” he said, with over enthusiasm that sounded phony.
Shauna agreed and they uneasily went back to the tables and had one more drink each.
“Mike,” Shauna said.
“What?”
“I like you.”
“I like you, too,” he replied.
“We should keep in touch,” Shauna said.
“Yeah, we should,” Mike replied.
Then Loretta came over with the man she was found and interrupted their uneasy conversation.  They were thankful.
“Guess what?  I met this darling man named William here and it turns out he lives not to far away in Baton Rouge.  He’s here with his friend.  Isn’t that a coinkydink?” Loretta exclaimed.
“Great,” Mike and Shauna tried to be happy for her.
The two couple stayed up until after two a.m. dancing, partying, and having a great time.  When the club crowd started thinning out, they decided to retire for the night.
Loretta blew a kiss good-bye to William who caught it mid-air.
Then the three drove back to the Mirage.  They had to be up early to drop Loretta off at the airport the next morning.

The next morning, was a little frantic, but they made it out in time.  As Mike was driving, he began to think.  Before he met Shauna, his life was empty.  Now he felt fulfilled.  Was it the debacle with the mobsters or was it Shauna herself?  Did he love her?  Did he care for her the way a good boyfriend should?  These thoughts nagged him.  Then he thought of the pain and loss he felt when almost lost her in Colorado.  Did that mean he loved her?  And how many potential loves come along in a person’s life?
He pulled up to the airport deep in thought.  He hadn’t said a word to the girls while driving, though they were deep in chat with each other.  Loretta got her boarding pass, turned in a piece of luggage and then went to the waiting area.
They had about forty minutes before boarding.  The wait was boring.  Mike sang songs in his head to help pass the time.  All of a sudden, Shauna said she had to go to the bathroom and ran off suddenly.
Loretta smiled at Mike.  “You two look great together, I just wanted to let you know.”
“Thanks,” Mike replied.  “I think I’m falling in love.  I feel a certain something when we’re together.”
“Well as an older woman, let me give you some advice.  Life is hard, it downright sucks sometimes.  But if you have a good person to go through the bad times with, it makes the bad a whole lot sweeter, you get my drift?”
“I do,” Mike replied.
“I’m all alone in my house.  Sometimes I like the freedom.  I can blast the TV at three in the morning if I want.  But sometimes I get lonely and miss someone to greet me when I get home from work.  It’s the little things in life that count.  Having someone to say ‘good night’ or ‘good morning’ to.  What I see in you and Shauna, I wish I could find for myself,” Loretta told Mike her honest feelings.
“Maybe I should ask her to marry me,” Mike quipped.
“Why not?” Loretta seemed to think it was a good idea.  “Let me tell you, when you’re alone, you’re truly alone.  Having someone next to you, to help you is a gift.  It’s priceless.  Worth more than the best job or the biggest house.  Most people only get a few really good opportunities in their lives.  I don’t think it’s wise to throw it away.”
“I know what you mean,” Mike said.
Just then, they noticed Shauna coming back so they changed the subject to something else.
When the boarding was ready, Loretta got up, hugged the two of them, and thanked them for saving her life.
“It’s nothing, how could we not?” Shauna replied and hugged back.
“Well good-bye.  I hope my next trip to Vegas is a better one,” Loretta said.
Mike grinned.
Loretta took one last look at her friends, waved good-bye, and then turned around and disappeared into the boarding ramp to the plane.  Mike and Shauna went over to the window to watch it take off.  He put his arm around her.  She didn’t seem to mind.  So he kept it there.
The plane soon pulled away from the gate, went to the runway, and picked up speed.
Mike and Shauna watched it speed down the path, ascend into the air, and slowly fly away until it got smaller and smaller in view and higher and higher in the air.  Soon, it was just a blip, then it was gone.  Loretta was safe.




Chapter 30


Mike and Shauna were driving down the desert road back to their hotel.  All of a sudden, they saw a car pull up behind them.  The next few minutes happened so fast, they didn’t have much time to prepare or react.  One of their tires blew out, and Mike had to struggle to keep the car under control.
It finally stopped, almost running off the road.  The car behind them stopped too.  Mike and Shauna both panicked when they saw Tony and Vinny get out of the car and come towards them.
“What do they want now?” Mike mouthed.
Tony came over and banged on Mike’s window.  He rolled it down, feeling the tension rise.  Tony and Vinny then both took out guns.
“Out of the car, please,” Tony ordered.
“What is this is about.  The money was real,” Mike whined.  He had hoped he had seen the last of the three mobsters.
“Just step out of the car,” Tony ordered again.
Mike and Shauna looked at each other in wonder and then exited their vehicle.
“Follow us,” Tony demanded, leading Mike and Shauna back to their own car, which was a minivan with tinted windows.
They made Mike and Shauna get in the back.  Then they suddenly grabbed them and blindfolded them.  Tony grabbed Mike and Vinny grabbed Shauna.
“You bastards!  What are you doing now!” Mike yelled.
“Quiet!” Tony yelled as they slammed and locked the doors so Mike and Shauna couldn’t get out.
Mike and Shauna couldn’t see, but soon they felt the van start driving.
“What about my car?” Mike demanded.
“Don’t worry about it.  You won’t be needing it where you’re going,” Vinny replied.
The blindfolds were very difficult to see through.  Mike and Shauna were getting really scared now.
“You know…,” Shauna started to say something.
“Doll, the best thing is for the two of you to just stay quiet for right now.  Unless you want something worse to happen,” Vinny barked.
Shauna stopped in mid-sentence and was quiet.  Mike quietly fumed to himself.  Where were they being taken?  He couldn’t see past his blindfold or out his window.  At first he thought, they were going back to Vegas.  But then the drive seemed too long for that.
They drove for about an hour.  Mike and Shauna were getting really worried.  Then all of a sudden the car stopped and they heard Tony and Vinny getting out of the van.  They heard the doors next to them and then the blindfolds were suddenly taken off.
“Do you know where we are?” Tony asked.
Mike looked around.  He saw the usual deserts and mountains but also a couple buildings and a bridge near a lake.  “No,” he replied.
“The Hoover Dam,” Shauna stated angrily.
“Correct.  We’re going to go on a little tour.  Get out of the car,” Tony said.
“Why?” Mike asked.
“Don’t ask questions, kid.  Just get out of the car,” Tony demanded.
Mike and Shauna knew they had guns so they didn’t argue.  They got out of the car and into the brisk, sunny day.
Tony and Vinny hid their guns in their jackets as they walked towards the Hoover Dam visitor’s center.  They went inside and signed up for a tour.  While waiting, Tony and Vinny kept a very stern watch on Mike and Shauna.
Mike and Shauna didn’t know what to do.  They could try telling security or try making a break for it.  But they also knew by now that Tony and Vinny didn’t mess around.  So they decided to play it safe and go along.  They certainly wouldn’t be killed in front of a bunch of tourists, who would all be witnesses.
A few minutes later, the tour was ready to start.  About twenty others had gathered to go on the tour.  A pretty brunette tour guide greeted them and led them through a door into the heart of the dam.
Mike saw a bunch of mechanical equipment, turbines, and engines.  The noise was rather loud.  The tour guide started her presentation.
“Built in 1935, the Hoover Dam supplies electric power to Southern California, Nevada, and Arizona…,” the said cordially.
The tour guide continued giving facts and anecdotes about the dam, but Mike couldn’t pay much attention.  His safety and Shauna’s was at the forefront of his mind.  The crowd stopped at a certain point to watch some machines work while the guide gave a watered down scientific explanation.
All of a sudden, Tony threw a small object.  Mike thought it was gum or something, but turned out to be a smoke bomb.  Smoke started filling the area and blinding everyone’s vision.  Soon, they couldn’t even see one foot in front of them.
“What’s going on?” Mike heard the tour guide yelled.
A couple of the tourists gasped in fear.  But Mike and Shauna suddenly felt themselves being pushed through a door on their right.  The door slammed, and Mike, Shauna, Vinny, and Earl were now in an employees only section of the dam.  Red lights overhead lit up pipes and engines.
Tony and Vinny took out their guns again and commanded, “Walk!”
“Why are you doing this?” Shauna asked.
“I don’t know.  We’re just bad.  We like it that way,” Vinny sneered.
“What are you going to do to us?” Mike asked.
“You’ll see,” Vinny replied.
The mobsters made Mike and Shauna march through several rooms, some large, some small.  To Mike and Shauna’s dismay, they passed no employees or security guards to help them.
After what felt like forever, they went through another door and out into the open air.  They were out on a ledge, about fifty feet below the dam’s top.  They could hear the rush of water.
Mike looked around.  Water was cascading down like a waterfall near the edge of the platform they were on.  They could feel a slight spray from the water.  It made a loud noise.
“You know, one thing the tour guide didn’t mention is that there are a lot of suicides at the Hoover Dam,” Vinny started speaking.
Mike and Shauna stayed silent.
“Did you know there are going to be two more very shortly?” Vinny asked.
“You mean two murders,” Mike shouted.
“No, I mean two suicides.  Both of you two are going to volunteer to jump off the ledge.  It must be a thousand feet to the river below.  You won’t survive the fall.  By the time anyone finds you, we’ll tell them we tried to stop you, but you two were hysterical and had crazed looks in your eyes.  Written off as suicides and we go back to our business,” Vinny said coldly.
Mike realized then these guys were truly evil.  After all the money they had given them and after all the terror they had been put through, this was what they were going to do.
“We gave you over fifteen thousand in total,” Shauna said.  “I owed less than that.  Why are you doing this?”
“Well we charge fifty percent interest first of all,” Tony started, then added, “Per month.”
“And we just really don’t like you two,” Vinny said.
The mobsters took out their guns and slowly made Mike and Shauna back closer and closer to the ledge.  It wasn’t long before they would fall over and be on a freefall to their deaths.
Mike suddenly remembered something.  Dexter’s gun.  He hadn’t thought much of it since it was fake, but maybe it could buy some time until security realized what happened and came out here.  He felt his jacket pocket.  Thank god it was still there.  He quickly whipped it out.  The mobsters looked surprised.
“And what is that?” Tony sneered.
“You’re not getting away with this,” Mike said bravely.
“I think, we are,” Tony stated coolly.
Mike fired, expecting only a click, but instead a bullet shot out and hit Tony right in the heart.  All four were speechless.  Shauna looked at Mike in amazement.
Tony looked down, saw the blood pouring out and realized he only had a few moments to live.  He fired blindly but missed.  Then he crumpled to the ground and died.
Vinny stared speechless.
“I, I can’t believe you, kid,” he sobbed.  “You killed Tony.”
“I thought it was fake.  I didn’t mean to,” Mike was still in shock that he had actually taken a human life.  A definite first for him.
“Didn’t mean to, I bet,” Vinny suddenly lunged at Mike.  Mike didn’t have time to get out of the way.
Shauna screamed as Vinny physically attacked Mike.  They rolled around fighting and trying to get the upper hand.  Vinny was bigger and stronger, but Mike had more determination.  He wouldn’t disappoint Shauna.  He couldn’t.
Vinny suddenly got off Mike, who was lying on the ground.  He was about to take out his gun and shoot Mike when someone started banging on the door to the platform.
“Security’s coming!” Shauna yelled.  “Give it up, you’ll get life for murder!”
“I don’t care,” Vinny said and aimed.
Mike then kicked him as hard as he could.  He stumbled backward, and lost his footing.  Mike was shocked to see Vinny suddenly plunge over the edge.  Shauna screamed.  They both ran to the low ledge to look.  
They saw Vinny scream as his body fell all the way down and disappeared into the raging waters below.  They looked silently at the scene as security officers suddenly bust through the door.
“What’s going on here?” a stern looking man and a back-up demanded.
“They were going to kill us,” Mike started blabbering.  He was suddenly worried about being arrested for murder.  “I didn’t mean to kill him.  I thought the gun was fake.  But they were going to kill us.  They’ve been chasing us for weeks.”
The guard took one look down at Tony’s body.
“Do you know who this is?” he asked.
“Who?” Mike asked, even though he knew who.
“This guy is wanted in seven states.  We’ve been trying to catch him forever.  You’re a hero,” the guard said to Mike.
“I didn’t mean to kill him, don’t put me in jail, please,” Mike begged, almost in tears.
“It was self defense, you had no choice.  We would have had to do the same if he tried to shoot us,” the security officer told him.
Shortly later, more officers arrived at the scene.  Mike and Shauna spent fifteen minutes giving statements.  They couldn’t believe Tony and Vinny were actually dead.  Neither Mike nor Shauna was charged with anything.  They explained what happened with the smoke bomb and the tour guide confirmed it.
They spent an hour waiting while reports were filed, still in aftershock.  Mike was stunned he has shot somebody.  He didn’t feel like a murderer.  Mike told one of the guards his car was abandoned on the highway outside Vegas, and they had no way to get back to it.
The guard made some calls and found it was picked up and towed to a Las Vegas gas station.  He arranged for someone to drive Mike and Shauna back to Vegas.  They were relieved.  After giving their final statement, they got into an unmarked car and were driven back to Vegas.
‘My what a day,’ Mike thought as they started the trip back.




Chapter 31


The ride back to Las Vegas was smooth.  But Mike couldn’t get over the fact he had killed someone.  Sure they were the bad guys, but they were still people.  He felt unsettled all day.
They got their car back. Mike threw out the gun.  He didn’t want any more accidents.  When they got back to the hotel, he decided to call his mother again.
“Hello?” Wilma answered.  She sounded groggily.
“Hi, it’s Mike,” he said eagerly.
“Hi, are you still having fun?” Wilma asked.
“I guess,” Mike replied.
“So are you getting a job and staying out there or coming back home?” his mother asked.
“We’re actually in Vegas now,” Mike replied.
“Great,” Wilma muttered.  “Actually, that reminds me.   Your friend Jason called, you remember him, don’t you?”
“Sure, what did he say?”
“I told him you were on vacation.  He left you his number.  I guess he wants to check up on things,” Wilma said.
Mike eagerly took down the number, promised his mother he was safe and would take care of himself and then called Jason.
“Hello?” Jason answered.
“Hey, remember me?” Mike said, seeing if Jason would recognize his voice.
Shauna was watching, pretending not to be interested.
“Is this Mike Kranton?” 
“You bet.”
“How’s it been?  It’s been over a year since we’ve seen each other!” Jason exclaimed.
“I know.  And guess what.  I’m in Vegas right now.”
“Vegas!  I wish I could go there.  That reminds me, why don’t you drive up to San Francisco?  I could meet you.  My father has a friend who lets him use his condo there,” Jason said, sounding excited at the idea.
“How far a drive is it from Vegas to San Francisco?”
“Five or six hours, I think,” Jason said.  “So do you want to do it?”
“Sure.  I’d live to see you again,” Mike said.
“How about this weekend?  Call me when you’re near the city!” Jason said.
Mike agreed, they said their good-byes and hung up.
“San Francisco?” Shauna asked as soon as Mike put down the receiver.
“Yeah, wanna go?” Mike asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe I should try and apologize to the carnival I ran out on.  Go back to my old job,” Shauna said.
“Isn’t it almost closed for the season?”
“Another month, maybe,” Shauna replied.
“Then let’s go.  We still have a couple grand.  Jason said he might know a free place to stay and you can meet him.  We were best friends through most of grade school,” Mike said.
Shauna sighed.  “Alright.  It’ll prevent you from losing the two thousand at the casino.”
“Exactly,” Mike replied with a quirky smile.

The next day, they left Vegas and departed for San Francisco.  Now they will have driven completely coast to coast, Mike was proud of that fact and that an old car held up so well.
When they were in Northern California, Mike called Jason to confirm it.  Jason said he would be leaving soon and that they should meet at Fisherman’s Wharf.  Mike had heard of it but never been there.
As Mike approached the city, the roads went through steep inclines and declines as the terrain became more mountainous.  Some of the roads even seemed dangerous.  A couple hours later, they were in San Francisco.  It was the nicest city Mike had seen so far.  He liked the old fashioned trolley cars going up and down the streets.  The thing he didn’t like was the hills.  But he found Fisherman’s Wharf okay and parked.
It was foggy as usual for the city as Mike and Shauna got out and walked around the tourist site.
“When did he say he’d meet us?” Shauna asked.
“He should be here within an hour,” Mike replied.
They looked in some shops.  Shauna bought a couple souvenirs.  Then they sat on a bench near the front entrance and waited.  Shauna loved the smell of the ocean and the wind.  Mike did too.
A gangly young man approached them.  Though he looked a little different from what Mike remembered, Mike knew it was Jason.  Jason had let his hair grow a little long.  And had grown a few inches in the past year.
“Mike,” he asked.
“Jason,” Mike replied.
They walked up to each other, shook hands, and patted each other on the back.  Mike introduced him to Shauna.  Jason was impressed with how beautiful a friend Mike had.
After making some small talk, the three of them had dinner at a restaurant overlooking the water.  Shauna was mostly silent as Mike and Jason did most of the talking.  Jason said he checked with his father and he said the condo was empty right now and he and Jason could use it for up to a week.  Mike thought that was good news, less money out of his pocket.
By the time they were done with dinner, it was getting dark.  Shauna watched the sun set over the ocean.  It was a beautiful golden orange.  She took a picture.
Then they headed back to their cars and Mike followed Jason to the condo.  It was on a quiet street.  There was a private parking deck on the first floor with all the condos on the second through fifth floors.
Jason led the up to the fourth floor, and opened the door to the condo.  Mike was impressed.  It had two bedroom and two baths plus a guest bedroom that had a fold out couch.
They looked around for a few minutes.  The refrigerator was empty except for a can of baking soda and some old condiments.
“Nice, huh,” Jason said, surveying the place.
“I’ll say,” Mike replied.
Shauna nodded.  Then they checked out the TV.  They were glad the cable worked.  They settled into the comfy couch and watched TV until midnight.  Then they each took a bedroom. Shauna insisted on the guest bedroom and said a pullout bed was good enough for her.  So Mike and Jason each took one of the main bedrooms.  They all washed up for bed and then went to sleep.
Mike slept more peacefully and more soundly than he had the whole trip, now that he knew for sure mobsters wouldn’t be coming after them.

Mike woke up early.  The sun was shining through the window.  He stayed in bed with his eyes open several minutes and then got up.  The door to Jason’s room was open.  Mike checked in.
Jason was sitting up reading a magazine.
“Hey,” Mike said, standing in the door frame.
“Hey, is your girlfriend up?” Jason asked.
Mike checked the guest bedroom.  He couldn’t hear any noise, so he gently opened the door.  Shauna was fast asleep.  She looked so peaceful under the covers.  Mike wished he could put his arms around her.
He then returned to Jason and said, “No, she’s sleeping.”
Then Mike became serious and he shut Jason’s bedroom door.
“Can I talk to you about something?” he asked his friend.
“Sure.  What’s up?”
Mike sat on the edge of the bed next to Jason.  “I’m thinking of asking her to marry me,” he stated flatly.
“What?  At nineteen?  Don’t you want to check out other girls first?” Jason seemed shocked to hear of the news.
“I know I’m young, but I’ve seen what’s out there and I like this one.  We were together for a few weeks because I was helping her with some problems she had, but now they’re over and the thought of her leaving, it just upsets me.  I want to keep in touch.  Is that love?”
“Sounds like it.  One of my friends thinks more than one night under the sheets is love,” Jason said.
“Yeah, but seriously.  I almost lost her when we were in Colorado.  I felt horrible, like I wanted to die.  Like I couldn’t live with her,” Mike confided in his friend.
“My friend, you have got a serious case of the love bug,” Jason nodded.
“So you think I should pop the question?”
“Do you have a ring?”
“No.”
“You better get one.  Marriage is a big deal for a girl,” Jason said.
“I know,” Mike sighed.  “I just want to be one hundred percent certain first.”
Mike thought about it.  He and Shauna had great chemistry.  They just got along.  If he let her get away, it could take years of dating to find something like this again.  And it might not be as good.  All he knew, he was enjoying life right now.  He wasn’t depressed anymore.  Not with Shauna in his life.  He got a twinkling in his eye.
“I’m gonna do it.  I’m gonna ask!” he whispered to Jason.
“Congratulations,” Jason gave him a fake punch in the shoulder.
“Wanna help me pick out a ring?”
“Sure,” Jason got up.
The two guys then quickly got ready.  They left a note for Shauna when she got up, that they had gone out for breakfast and would be back soon.  Then they ran downstairs all excited.  This was a big deal for someone their age.  Not something that happened every day.
They pulled the car out into the street and drove around looking for the perfect jewelry store.




Chapter 32



Mike and Jason came across a quaint shop at the end of a tree lined residential street.  They parked and went in.  Bells rang overhead as they entered.
A pretty blonde saleswoman greeted them.  She seemed to already know what they were looking for.
“Good morning, how may I help you two gentlemen?” she asked cordially.
“He wants to get married,” Jason pointed to Mike.
Mike blushed as the lady congratulated him.
“And you want an engagement ring?” the woman asked.
“Yeah,” Mike blushed.
“What kind of price range are we looking at?” the woman asked.
“I don’t have much.  A few thousand maybe,” Mike said, knowing he couldn’t be too cheap.
“Well we do have a few under five thousand dollars,” the woman said.  “Our economy class rings if you will,” she smiled at Mike.
She led him to a display shelf by the left window of the store.  The rings all looked beautiful to Mike but he had to think of what Shauna would want.
The woman started explaining the quality and karats of each of them.  Mike decided on a ring for about $1600.  It was all he could afford at the moment.  But at least it wasn’t the cheapest which was $800.
The woman started packing it in a nice little display box and ribbon.
“You know when I first got married, lord it was almost twenty years ago now, I didn’t know anything about jewelry.  But now that I do know, I know you picked a good choice.  The best buy for the money.  Your girlfriend will be happy,” the woman smiled, gave Mike her business card, and handed Mike the little box in a fancy little shopping bag.
Mike and Jason walked back to their car smiling.
“So this is it?   You’re gonna go through with it?” Jason asked as they were getting in their car.
“How else can I make sure I don’t lose her?” Mike replied, taking the ring box out of the bag and putting it in his jacket pocket.
Now he had to think of the set-up.  He wanted that to be special, especially since he couldn’t afford a big wedding or the best ring around.  He thought of all the ideas as Jason drove back to the condo.
Shauna was up when they arrived and sipping coffee while watching morning talk shows.
“Hey, you guys couldn’t wait for me to eat?” she called as they walked in the door.
“Sorry, we’re growing guys.  We need our vitamins,” Jason said.
“What did you eat?  Bacon and eggs?” Shauna asked.
“Yep,” Mike and Jason replied.
“Lots of vitamins there,” Shauna rolled her eyes.
They then talked about the day’s plans.  Mike wasn’t ready to propose just yet.  It had to be perfect.  So they went sightseeing.  They to Golden Gate Park and took pictures.  Then Jason showed them Lombard Street, the curviest street in the country.  He drove down it, though Shauna got a little nervous.  He did fine though.
Then they went to Chinatown for dinner at a good Chinese restaurant.
Over an appetizer of dumplings and wontons, Jason started talking about what he had been up to the past year.  He had dropped out of college, but won some big video game tournament with a large cash prize.  
“What’s the point of all that education?  I don’t want to be a scientist or a business executive.  I’ll get out with tons of student loan bills and be either unhappy or overqualified for what I really want to do,” he was saying.
“Which is?” Shauna asked.
“Go down to Los Angeles and work on movie sets.  Behind the scenes, though.  I don’ t think I could deal with the paparazzi and tabloids,” he stated.
“Good luck,” Shauna said.
“Thanks, I’m thinking of leaving for L.A. next spring.  Oregon’s too cold and cloudy.  I like the sun.  And I met one guy who lives down there.  He said he’d try and help me if I moved,” Jason said.
“I was only in L.A. once.  It seems like such a fun place to be,” Mike said.  He almost said he and Shauna should move there, but then remembered they weren’t at that point yet.  They might be separating soon and that reminded him of the urgency to propose.  But how and when?
They finished their meal and then took a walk.  There were lots of street vendors and side attractions in Chinatown.  They stopped at a couple and Jason put some authentic Chinese artifacts.
Driving home, they passed a theatre that played old movies like Casablanca or Gone with the Wind.  Mike thought of taking Shauna to see one of them.  It would put them in a romantic mood.  People back then knew how to be romantic and sensitive.  Now everyone was rude and only thought of themselves.  Then he could take her to dinner, but he had to find a nice restaurant.  He would check the phone book or make some calls.
Shauna didn’t seem to suspect a thing and Mike was deep in thought as they pulled into the parking garage.  
Once upstairs, they all went to their rooms and retired early for the night.  It had been a busy day.  Mike stayed up anticipating the moment he would ask and playing over and over in his mind how he would do it, what the surroundings would be like, the temperature, everything.  He fell asleep and dreamt about Shauna half the night.

The next morning, Mike got up early and looked through a phone book for some restaurants.  He found one on the top floor of a hotel with a great view of the city.  He called and asked if they needed reservations.  They did so he made them for nine at night.
Then he checked the theater listings and found Casablanca was playing at six p.m. at the Royale Gold.  His evening was planned.  He would just tell Shauna they were celebrating being free of the mobsters.
When Shauna got up and came out of her bedroom, Mike didn’t hesitate.
“Shauna, wanna do something special tonight, just the two of us?”
“Like what?” Shauna yawned.
“I don’t dinner and a movie,” Mike suggested.  “You know, to celebrate your freedom.”
“Sure.  Is Jason coming?”
“No, I’d rather he didn’t.”
“Oh, so then are you asking me on a date?” Shauna asked.
Mike looked a little startled.  Would she say no?
“Joking, Mike.  I think we know each other well enough now for dinner and a movie.  I’d love to,” Shauna replied.
“Great,” Mike said excitedly.
The rest of the afternoon, that was all he could think about.  When it got closer, he put on some nicer clothes and told Shauna to dress nice too.  She agreed without much protest.  She seemed surprised when Mike pulled up outside the Royale Gold and Casablanca was the featured movie of the night.  The theater was small and only had three theatres.
“Casablanca?  You like that old stuff?” Shauna asked.
“Yeah, the new stuff is getting so trashy.  Even for me,” Mike quipped.
“You do have a point.  I haven’t seen this movie since I was eleven,” Shauna said.
“I’ve never seen it, just clips,” Mike replied.
There was a long line to get in, mostly older folk and sentimental people.  They waited patiently, bought their tickets, declined popcorn and soda, and entered the theatre.
The movie started.  Mike checked his pocket a few times to make sure the ring was still there.  It was.  He couldn’t wait, he could feel the anticipation.  He started preparing a lead-up speech in his mind.
Finally, he settled on what to say.  Now he just had to get through the movie and dinner.  The movie was slow and tame by today’s standards but Mike and Shauna both enjoyed it.
They walked out into the warm air.
“Where are we eating?” Shauna asked.
“You’ll see,” Mike replied.
He drove across town and got valet parking at the restaurant’s hotel.  Shauna was impressed.
They took the elevator up to the top floor.  Classical music was playing as they went up to the maitre’d and checked in.  Mike was glad they got a window seat.  It was dark now and they could see the whole San Francisco skyline lit up like a Christmas tree.
Mike stared at all the lights from the buildings, momentarily mesmerized.  What was going on in other people’s lives?  Was anyone else proposing tonight?  He noticed Shauna looking at how distracted he was.
He smiled and looked down at the menu.
“Everything looks great,” he said.
“I’ll say,” Shauna smiled.
Mike decided to wait until desert to start.  In the meantime, they talked about jobs.  Shauna said she was thinking of going back to her magic act.  If they refused to let her, she’d wait tables or do whatever she had to do.  Mike said he didn’t want to go back to his Connecticut college, but maybe take a couple classes in computer programming or graphic design.  He told her he loved video games and graphics and what computers could do.
Their meal was excellent and the service was exquisite.  The waiters sensed something was up.  He heard them whispering.  Finally, desert was brought out and Mike started talking.
“Shauna, you know, how long have we known each other?  About a month?”
“About.”
“Well when I first met you, I was a shy lonely kid from Connecticut whose biggest excitement was riding my bike to the local pizza parlor on Friday nights.  And then playing my video games all Saturday night.  You opened up a new world for me.  A world of friendship, where I felt needed, like I counted.  I don’t know if you know since you didn’t go to college, but I wasn’t happy.  So many people just get lost in the crowd and can’t stand out, you know.  No one would go out with me.  I almost felt like the boy in the bubble,” Mike started and took a deep breath.
Shauna smiled and started to sense he was leading up to something serious.
“I’ve helped you these past few weeks, not for a monetary reward or anything like that.  I actually wanted to.  I enjoy being with you.  When you were kidnapped in Denver, I felt like my heart had been ripped out.  The pain of losing you, not being able to call or contact you or see you, was too much.  Now, if we separate and you go back to your ways and I go home to mine, I’m afraid I’ll feel the same way again.  Lonely, rejected, unappreciated, and it scares me.  A human bond is something rare in this cold, cruel world.  It’s something to be treasured, to be held on to, and something to not let go of,” Mike took a deep breath and reached inside his jacket for the ring.
Shauna took a deep breath.  She knew what was coming.  Half of the restaurant knew too.  They had stopped to watch.
Mike took out the ring, smiled at some of the onlookers and got down on his knees.
“Shauna Meloden, I’d be honored if you’d be my wife.  I know this is soon and we barely know each other but I feel in my heart that this is it, the right one,” Mike smiled as he gave Shauna the ring to look at.
The next few moments were excruciating as Mike waited for the answer.  If it was yes, he’d be the happiest man alive.  If not, he’d lie in bed for weeks.
“Mike, I can’t believe this,” Shauna took out the ring and held it up to see.  “It’s beautiful.”
“So…” Mike edged her on.
“Yes, I’d love too.  You’ve shown me more kindness and unselfish help than anyone ever has before.  I’d be honored to be Mrs. Kranton.  I will marry you!”
The whole restaurant cheered.  Mike’s heart leapt for joy.  He and Shauna hugged for a minute, then let go.  Shauna put the ring on.  She looked like her dreams just came true.  The poor girl from the sideshow just found her prince.  And the poor schmuck from nowhere just found his princess.




Chapter 33


Shauna stared in adoration at her ring the whole way back to the condo.  She was telling herself this was just a dream, but she knew it wasn’t.  It was real.  Someone wanted her and didn’t care about her past or her problems.  This was one of the best days of her life.
As soon as she got back to the condo, she told Jason what Mike did.  Jason admitted he already knew.  Then Shauna started going into frantic mode about the details.  What day of the week should it be?  How many weeks or months should they wait?  Where should the ceremony be?  Who should be invited?
Mike told her to calm down.  He said he would rather do it quickly and simply.
“Mike, a wedding is the biggest day of a girl’s life.  This has to be done just right,” Shauna snapped at him.
Shauna wanted a big reception hall.  Since all her real family members were either dead or she was estranged from them, she wanted to have her carnival friends there.  They were her family.
She called Malagio’s.  Sharla answered again and almost fainted when Shauna told her the news.  They talked about it for almost half an hour, making sure it was real.  Then Dionne got on the phone and insisted a few of them come to San Francisco to help Shauna get ready and be there for emotional support.  After a long discussion, it was settled.
Dionne, Lara, and Sharla would ask for a vacation and come help with the preparation details.  They could be in San Francisco by the end of the week, they hoped.  Shauna thanked them and said good-bye.
She then called Loretta.  Loretta was thrilled.  Shauna decided since Loretta had just been through so much, she would make it up to her by letting her be her maid of honor.  Loretta accepted.
So Shauna decided to make Dionne, Lara, and Sharla her bridesmaids.  Mike was watching all the phone conversations with great interest.  He guessed he’d be learning more about what really makes women tick as the months and years went by.
But he was happy for her.  Shauna wanted to have a spring wedding.  Since winter represented cold and the death of things like plant life and spring represented a rebirth of flowers and leaves and other great things, the wedding would symbolize the same by being in the early spring.  A birth of a new, happier chapter in her life.
After saying good-night to the boys,  she went into her room, telling them she was exhausted.  She laid down and turned out the lights, but wasn’t in the mood to sleep.  Mike was such a nice guy, but did she really want to say “all others are off” at the tender age of twenty-four?  Well, at least she’d be married before the big 2-5.
But then she thought more.  She had had her midsection discoloration ever since she could remember.  Some bad memories of the girls in her class teasing her resurfaced.
She rose from bed, went to a full length of mirror attached to the back of the bedroom door and took a good look at herself.  Most people said she was beautiful.  But then she lifted up her shirt, and saw the ugly redness.  Would Mike be able to live with it?  He said he would, but he had only seen it once.  After the years went by and the excitement calmed down, would he lose interest in her and just go after some trophy wife with the perfect body?  These thoughts nagged her as she returned to bed and drifted off to sleep.

Shauna knew she was dreaming, but something about it seemed so real. She was back at Malagio’s, wandering around during one of their opening nights.  Olga said hi to her and started telling her about some aches she was having.  She feigned interest but was polite to her.
The noises and colors were so vivid in this dream.  She remembered all the details of the real place almost exactly.  Some guys walked past her, looking like they were interested.  But then again she knew from experience, that for most guys, “interested” meant sex, not love or commitment or anything more than scoring and getting another conquest.
She thought of the boyfriends that had dumped her.  With some, she wasn’t even considering sex with and they dumped her right away.  She was just a pretty blonde object to them.  On ones she got closer to, and would have allowed to go all the way, they freaked out and accused her of lying when they found out.  She had developed a fear of dating, a fear of trying.
But the carnival people understood her.  Her magic act was her happy place, what made her her.  Her dresses sparkled and glittered and covered up any problems she had.  She was the mysterious Zelda, elusive magician’s assistant at a traveling carnival.  In one city one week, off to another town the next week.
Now that Mike proposed, she might have to leave the carnival.  Her dream state did remember enough recent events to include that.  As it was almost time for her first performance of the magic act, she worried how her fellow carnies and more importantly her bosses would react.  She sure didn’t expect Mike to join and be sleeping in trailers half his life.
She went backstage and changed into her best blue dress.  Talos smiled at her.  Then she did her routine with him, but messed up a little.  Some of the energy was gone.  Some people yawned or grunted.  When it was over, only a few people clapped.  Some commented, “She’s nice eye candy, but not much talent.”  Others just shook their heads and left.
What happened?  She had captivated thousands of people with her act over the years.  She went backstage feeling upset.  Talos came over and asked what was wrong.  She started explaining.  Talos’ face became more and more unpleasant looking as the story went on until he was outright scowling.  He just nodded and said, “Next performance in ten minutes.”
Shauna sighed and went to her dressing room and changed into her sparkly green dress.  Then primping herself in the mirror, she took one look at her image, and then went back out to the stage to do another round of magic.
This time she was even worse.  She got some boos.  A tear formed in her eye.  She heard a couple audience members snicker.  Just as it was about to end, her dressed snagged on the side of the magic box used to saw her in half, and her dressed ripped.  She screamed.
Her midsection was now showing.  People groaned.
“What is this?” one man said.  “She’s not a beauty.  Why don’t they stand her in a cage like they do with the fat lady and the bearded woman?”
“Don’t forget the woman with tattoos and piercings all over her,” another guy added.
“This carnival’s is a fraud.  Let’s go,” someone muttered.
Everyone else took his cue and left the tent looking mad and disgusted.
“But, but…,” Shauna started to cry.
Talos walked over.  Shauna expected him to console her, but instead, he said, “Shauna, I’m gonna start looking for a new girl for my act.  You’re just not what I need anymore.”
Shauna couldn’t believe what she heard.  From her own show partner too.  She then pushed past him and ran out of the tent crying.  Plenty of people noticed her crying, but no one consoled her.  People had better things to do than care about another human being.  Just then she saw Mike.
He was being pushed around by some older, bigger kids.
“I thought I told you not to come here,” the bigger kid had Mike by the collar and was threatening him.
“It’s a free country,” Mike replied.  “Please let me go.”
“Ha!  You’re such a loser,” the bigger kid pushed him forcefully to the ground.
He stained his pants and part of his shirt with dirt and grass.  Then the bigger kid and his friend walked away laughing.  Shauna felt sorry for Mike.  Their eyes met.  Then she woke up.

“Oh my god,” she sat up and looked at the clock.
It was only three-thirty in the morning.  Way too early to get up.  Shauna sighed and lay back down to think things over.  The dream had a lot of truth to it.  So many people in the world and so many who don’t care about you.  But she found someone who did care.  Someone who cherished her.  She was thankful and decided not to let this opportunity get away.  
She would throw the best wedding and be the envy of everyone around.  She would soon Mrs. Kranton, a married woman.  She would learn more about Mike’s likes and dislikes, who his third grade teacher was.  As a woman, she loved the little details like that.  Who was his first crush?  What was his favorite TV show in junior high?  And the best part is, he would be hers.  No bimbo could snatch him away.  She trusted he would be faithful.  He seemed like the perfect guy to be loyal.
It’s funny, she could have never expected the how, when, who, or under what circumstances.  But her wish from childhood just came true.  She hoped the girls who were mean to her never found true love.  She had.  And she promised herself, she would have the best darn wedding this side of the Missouri.




Chapter 34


Mike lay in bed at midnight, still awake.  He was thinking of the day’s events.  All in all, things had pretty much turned out the way he planed.  Shauna said yes.  She would marry him.  He would soon be off the market and wouldn’t have to be worry of searching for that elusive female who would make him happy.  No more being lonely.
He thought of the future with her.  Did he want kids?  Not right away, he decided.  He wanted the two of them to have plenty of time to enjoy each other’s company first.  Go on vacations our out to nightlife without having to worry about nannies or setting a bad example.
He also needed money.  He was nowhere near financially ready for a kid, but with a wife it was more of a 50 – 50 split.  The cost of living was high nowadays.  It was hard for the average person to make ends meet.  If they both got jobs and combined their resources, he was sure they could find a nice one bedroom apartment somewhere.  Then save, advance in their career, and own a house in the suburbs one day.
It was too late now, he had already asked and things were already in motion.  But one thing that was at the back of his mind was, was it time to close the door for all the other women out there?  He was only nineteen, he had plenty of years to find somebody.  There was no rush to get married.  Then he thought how mean girls in general had been to him.  And the guys weren’t much friendlier.  He should jump at this opportunity.  He may not get another one.
Rolling over, he slowly lulled to sleep.

Soon, he started to have a vivid dream.  He was in a small studio apartment, by himself.  He looked around.  Everything seemed normal.  The he looked in the mirror and was shocked.  He had aged.  He must be over forty or even fifty now.  There were dark circles under his eyes, from years of stress and disappointment.  He had frown lines, wrinkles and his skin was yellow and pasty.  Was this really him?  Or was it his future if he backed out of the wedding.
Other kids in his school seemed to have it all.  Great families, lots of money, good looks, and lots of friends.  He thought back two months to his summer in Connecticut.  He was miserable.  He always ate by himself.  Pizza on Friday.  By himself, ever since Jason left for Oregon.  Movies by himself, everything by himself.  He didn’t feel like a loner type.  He did like people.  They just didn’t seem to like him.
Then Shauna came along one night and his future changed.  Suddenly, he was needed, relied on, he had interaction with the opposite sex and he loved it.
A knock on the studio door startled him.  He went to answer it.  Three old ladies were there.
“Hi, Mr. Kranton.  We were wondering if you would be attending tonight’s bingo game?” one of them said politely.
“What?” Mike asked, unsure of him.
“Bingo.  You’re one of our most enthusiastic players,” another old lady exclaimed.
“I, I’ll let you know,” Mike replied.
“Alright.  Take care,” the ladies said and walked down the hallway.
Mike stood in the door frame a moment and watched them walk away.
“Poor Mr. Kranton.  No family, no one to love.  I had my Charlie for twenty years.  When he died, I was devastated.  I can relate,” one of the old ladies said to the group.
Mike closed the door.  He was aware he was a nineteen year old dreaming this.  Was this his possible future?  Was Shauna the only possible door to love that was going to be opened in his life?  Then Mike had an idea.  His place seemed like a bachelor’s pad and lots of bachelors have little black books.
So he rifled through his address book and his heart almost broke.  It was empty except for a few entries of family members.  The word ‘deceased’ was scribbled near some.  The words “nursing home” were scribbled near others.  It hit him hard.  His family wasn’t going to be around forever.  He needed his own life.  And he didn’t have it.
He opened the refrigerator.  It was filled with beer and barely any food.  He checked his cabinets.  It was filled with vodka and other liquor, not much nutritious food.  Was he an alcoholic now?
He wandered around the room, searching through everything.  Finally, he came across a picture of Shauna.  His heart softened at the sight of it.  The picture was worn with age.  Shauna still looked like she did now at twenty-four.
He thought about calling her.  Part of him knew it was a dream, but he knew that in order to complete the dream, he had to call her.  He searched and searched until he found the number.
He picked up the phone.
“Hello,” a woman who obviously wasn’t Shauna demanded.
“Shauna, I’d like to speak to Shauna,” he sputtered out.
“Shauna?  This is her landlord.  She just moved to Europe, sold all her things.  I don’t think she has any plans to come back.  Is this a relative?” the landlady said.
“No, sorry for your time,” Mike hung up the phone.
She was gone.  His chance was gone.  He felt terrible.  He suddenly realized, he didn’t care about other girls.  He wanted Shauna.  He could see the fragile spirit in her eyes every time she was around and he loved it.  She wasn’t materialistic or vain.  She was down to earth and good-hearted.  Just what he wanted in a wife.
All of a sudden the surroundings changed and he and Shauna were on a Ferris wheel.  It looked like the same exact carnival back in Connecticut.  He looked around to be sure.  Yes it was.  There was the magic tent.  There was his house in the distance.  There, down on the ground, was everyone of all ages scrambling around to have a good time.
He looked into Shauna’s eyes.  She looked into his.
“I love you,” he told her.
She smiled and then the dream was over.  He was lying awake in his bed at four in the morning.
He rolled over and thought about the dream.  Was it a sign saying Shauna was the only one for him?  After all the rejection he faced in his teenage years, he believed it.
He suddenly didn’t want the wedding to wait.  He wanted to be married before this upcoming holiday season if he could.  When he was a kid, he loved Christmas and other holidays because it was a time for families to come together.  But when you’re a kid, your family is your source of happiness.  Now he’s too old for that.  He wanted someone special to give a Christmas present to this year.
He didn’t fall back asleep that morning, just thought about things over and over until he was tired of them.

When Jason and Shauna were up, he went out of his room.  Shauna again started talking about the wedding and the date it should be.
“How about next month?” Mike asked.
“How can we prepare that fast?” Shauna asked.
“I don’t know.  I know I can’t lose you,” Mike said.
“Mike, that’s sweet, but we need to book a hall or a church, find someone to marry us, send invitations, the list is endless.”
“Why don’t we go back to Vegas for it?  I saw plenty of chapels that advertised weddings.”
“Those shotgun wedding chapels and cheap motels aren’t exactly a girl’s idea of romantic,” Shauna said.
Uh-oh, their first fight as engaged people.
Mike backed down and changed his tone.  “I know you want your friends there and that’s fine.  But I feel the sooner the better.”
“Doesn’t your family have to come too?  It might be a hard trip coming from the East Coast.”
“I’m not inviting them,” Mike said.  “Tara maybe, but that’s it.”
“Not even your mother?”
“I’ll tell her when it’s over.  The last thing I need is a divorced escort lecturing me about marriage,” Mike said bitterly.
“You’re mad about that?” Shauna asked.
“Whoa.  Did I miss something?  Escort?” Jason looked confused and like he needed some answers fast.
“Not like a prostitute.  She’s just been accompanying men to plays or fundraisers or other social events.  Just for the company, nothing physical.  But I’m still mad.  And where’s my dad in all this?  No, they’re not invited.  And my extended family never thought much of me so I’d rather do this alone,” Mike thought.
“If that’s what you want,” Shauna seemed to think it was a bad idea but supported Mike in whatever he wanted.
“So let’s at least pick a date.  Then go from there,” Mike said.
“I was thinking April 4 or 5,” Shauna said.
“I was thinking November 11 or 12,” Mike replied.
“Why?”
“After all we’ve been through.  It’ll ensure we’re protected against the mobsters in case they have any back-ups who come looking for us.  We did kill two of their men,” Mike said.
“I know, but do you think it’s necessary?”
“We care about each other, right.  So why tempt fate for something to break us up by April?  I’m a man of honor.  Once the ceremony’s done, we don’t have to worry.  I’ll make sure of it.”
“Okay, you got your wish.  November 12 it is,” Shauna replied.
So it was settled.  They had a date.  Now they had to plan.



Chapter 35

Mike and Shauna waited by the airport gate for her friends from Malagio’s to arrive.  Finally the plane landed and docked and shortly after a whole load of people began coming into the terminal.
“There they are!” Shauna suddenly spotted them.
You couldn’t miss them.  Dionne was dressed with heavy make-up and a low-cut dress though it was obvious she was born a man, Sharla was under four feet tall, and Lara was right behind them carrying most of their bags, including Dionne’s make-up kit.
“Hey girl!” Dionne squealed when she saw Shauna.
“Hi,” Shauna replied.
“This is Mike, right?” she pointed to Mike.  He nodded.  “Yeah I think I remember you.  That was a while ago.  Well, Miss Dionne couldn’t be more thrilled for the two of you.  I know I can’t wait till my big day comes.”
“You picked a good one, Shauna,” Sharla smiled.
“Thanks,” Mike replied.
The five of them walked through the terminal, got the rest of the luggage, and then drove back to the condo.
“I love San Francisco, the City by the Bay,” Dionne said dreamily.
“I used to live near here,” Lara told everybody.
“Good, show me and the others around.  I’m not leaving without finding out where the best stores and the hottest men are,” Dionne said excitedly.
Mike liked Dionne.  Many gay guys were insecure or ashamed for years.  But she was so flamboyant and had such a positive attitude no matter what happened.
When the three friends saw the condo, Dionne raved.
“It’s not ours,” Shauna reminded her.
“Well you have to buy one in this complex, then.  I’m sure with the two of you together, you could afford it,” she said and then went on to rave about the lamps and the furniture.
Jason came out of his room and looked a little uncomfortable at the sight of a drag queen, a midget, and a stranger walking around his family’s condo.
“This is Mike’s friend, Jason,” Shauna did the introductions.
“I actually have to go back to Oregon tomorrow.  My dad said you two could stay for about another week.  Then his friend needs to use it for something,” Jason said, after the intros were over.
“You’ll be at the wedding to be my best man, won’t you?” Mike asked.
Jason looked pleased.  “Sure, let me know the details when you find out.  I’m gonna go out for a bit.  Be back for dinner.  You don’t have to wait around if you don’t want to,” Jason said and excused himself.
“You have cute friends, Mike,” Dionne said.
“Dionne!” Sharla scolded.
Mike gave his trademark blush and goofy grin.
“Anyway,” Sharla continued.  “We found you guys a minister.  You don’t already have one, do you?”
“No,” Shauna replied.
“Great.  He’s very flexible.  So let’s sit down and hear all about your plans,” Sharla said and sat on a recliner.
Shauna and Mike went over what they were planning.  When the three circus friends heard how soon it might be, they were shocked.
“You two must have really hit it off!” Sharla exclaimed.
“Well, yeah,” Mike replied.
Then when they heard Mike wanted it in Vegas, Dionne got excited.
“Miss Dionne was made for a place like Vegas, girlfriend.  The lights, the glitter.  I’ll love it.  And maybe I’ll win a grand or two as a souvenir!”
Shauna told them how she won the karaoke contest and were free of Tony and Vinny.  She skipped some parts to not worry them.
“Good, so everything’s a go,” Dionne said.  “Now I don’t plan to spend my week in Cali cooped inside. Let’s go shopping.  Let’s pick Miss Shauna out a wedding dress.”
Before Mike could protest, the four ladies were up and walking out the door.  Mike knew he wasn’t invited.
“You wouldn’t enjoy it anyway, Mike,” Lara consoled him.  “It’s girl stuff.”
“Have fun,” Mike wished them well and they were off.
The door closed and Mike was alone in the condo.  He shuffled around bored for a while, then turned on the TV.  An old eighties movie was on so he watched that.  Then another movie came on, so Mike just relaxed and vegged out in front of the television.
About five, Jason came home.  Mike told him where the girls went.
“Mike, I have to ask.  Is that tall one in the sparkly dress really a guy?” 
“You guessed it,” Mike grinned.
“Wow, you’re gonna have some strange company to deal with after you marry her,” Jason said.
“I don’t mind,” Mike replied.
“Wow, you’re really open minded,” Jason commented and took a pause.  “So do you want to order a pizza?  Like the old days?”
“If it has pepperoni on it, sure thing man,” Mike said.  He was enjoying seeing his long-time friend again.
They found a place that delivered and ordered a medium pepperoni pizza and a bottle of Pepsi.  It came at almost exactly thirty minutes.
They ate it slowly, sitting at the dining room table, reminiscing about the good old days back in Connecticut.  The hours seemed to pass right by.

Meanwhile, the four girlfriends had been to several stores with no luck.  The dresses were either too expensive or too tacky or too ugly.  Shauna was ready to call it a day and go back to the condo, but Dionne convinced her to try a couple more.
They spotted a place with a good view of the Golden Gate Bridge and went inside.
Shauna fell in love with the first dress she saw.  It was white and lacey, with a low-cut top but full arms.  Shauna went in the fitting room to try it on.  The saleswoman was very nice and helpful.  The dress fit perfectly.  It didn’t even need to be altered.  Shauna was thrilled, but a little worried about the price.
“Shauna, don’t worry.  Everyone at Malagio’s was thrilled when they heard the news.  So we all chipped together and we have some money for you to help you out,” Lara told her.
“Oh, you guys shouldn’t have,” Shauna said.
“Please, you put on one of our most popular performances.  What would the carnival be without you?” Dionne stated, then looked serious.  “You are coming back, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know if that would be fair to Mike,” Shauna replied.
“What else are you going to do?” Sharla exclaimed.
“Wait tables, work retail, I don’t know yet,” Shauna said.
“Well, we’ll miss you if you do leave,” Dionne said, looking very sad.
“You guys can visit in the off season.  You’ll always have my address,” Shauna consoled them.
Shauna took the dress off and returned to her normal clothes.  The saleswoman boxed it up perfectly and said she would ship it to the condo right away.
Then Dionne and Lara wanted to walk in the park and look at the water.  Shauna and Lara agreed.
“I almost forgot of something,” Dionne said while looking at the setting sun over the Pacific.
“What?” Shauna asked.
“You’ll need something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.”
“Come on.  You don’t still believe in that?” Shauna asked.
“I do, and you should too if you want your marriage to last,” Dionne said.
“Then we have to figure out four things to give her,” Sharla said.
“I already have the “something old”,” Dionne said and reached into her large purse she was carrying around with her.  She handed a yellow piece of clothing to Shauna.  Shauna instantly recognized it.
“It’s your very first dress from your first show at Malagio’s.  Before they made you change to sparkly dresses,” Dionne said.
“I remember.  How did you find this?” Shauna thought this was lost or thrown out a long time ago.
“Miss Dionne has her ways,” Dionne replied.  “Actually, I was rummaging through an old storage trunk in one of the trailers and found it.  I thought it would be perfect.”
“It is.  Thank you so much,” Shauna replied.
“And now for the something borrowed,” Lara said and took a piece of jewelry out her pocket.  
Shauna took it.  It was a beautiful charm bracelet.
“It’s my charm bracelet.  I added one charm each year in grade school.  I never lost it and I want you to wear it at least until the wedding night is over,” Lara said.
Shauna put the bracelet on.  “You guys are the best.”
“Two more things to go,” Dionne said.
The women looked between the four of each other, and shrugged.
“Something new and something blue.  Guess we’ll have to go shopping tomorrow for them,” Sharla said.
“Guess so,” Shauna was thrilled her friends were so supportive.  She was worried most of them wouldn’t come at all.  She thanked them again.  The sun was just beginning to set over the ocean.  Dionne took a picture and then the four returned to the condo.



Chapter 36


Mike woke up to her voices from the living room.  It sounded like Dionne and Sharla arguing.  Groggily, he rose from bed and went out to see what was happening.
“You snore!” Sharla yelled.
“Miss Dionne certainly does nothing of the kind,” Dionne yelled ferociously.
Sharla and Dionne had slept in the living room.  Sharla was in the recliner and Dionne on the couch.  Mike assumed they must have annoyed each other during the night.
“You mean Mr. Dionne!” Sharla said.
“Oh no you just did not go there!  Wait till I get out my mascara wand and belt you with it!” Dionne yelled.
“Oh no, then I may have to look cheap, like you,” Sharla yelled.
“You little munchkin.  I ought to sell you as an endtable to Neiman Marcus!” Dionne fought back.
Mike began to laugh at the two.  Dionne certainly was a character and Sharla was tough for a little person.
Sharla and Dionne exchanged insults until Lara and Shauna came out of the guest bedroom and broke them up.
“Now apologize,” Lara said to Dionne.
“Her first,” she pointed at Sharla.
“Yeah right!  I hope you get nare burn on your lip!” Sharla screamed.
Dionne had all she could handle.  She went to slap Sharla and Lara had to restrain her.
“Shame on you two.  The happiest day of Shauna’s life is coming up in a few weeks and you two are behaving like third graders!” Lara scolded them.
“Alright, for Miss Zelda, I will apologize.  But not for this little gnome here,” Dionne rolled her eyes and flicked back her hair.
Sharla was about to fire an insult back, but then said “Sorry Shauna,” instead.
Jason had come out of his room too and was staring at the two of them along with Mike.
Dionne noticed Jason and Mike snickering.  “See, the boys noticed.  Look what you’ve done!  They think we’re nutty old women now!”
It took a few minutes for everyone to calm down.  Then all six of them decided to walk around the corner for breakfast.  They had a delicious breakfast.  Some had French toast or pancakes, others had bacon and eggs, others had ham and cheese omelettes.  They all agreed the food was delicious.
When it was near time to leave the restaurant, Dionne said to Shauna, “Are you sure you want your wedding in Vegas.  We only have a month notice to get everything together.  It might be busy down there.”
“I’m sure,” Shauna replied and gave Mike a knowing look.
“Well then we better reserve a hall,” Dionne said.  “Let’s go, let’s go.”  She seemed more enthusiastic than Shauna was.
  The four girls went back upstairs and Mike went to do something with Jason before he went back to Oregon.  They ended up bowling.  Mike won.
Upstairs, the four girls were going frantic looking up chapels or halls, and making telephone calls to them.  Most of the big churches said they needed more notice and at least the bride or groom to be a member.
Jason had said they could use the computer in the guest room so they did.  Finally, they settled on one place a few blocks from the strip.  It was part casino, which Shauna wasn’t too thrilled out, but was supposed to be very nice and affordable.  She made sure it wasn’t one of those sleazy wedding chapels where an Elvis impersonator would marry anybody in five minutes for a few bucks.
“Now we need invitations and the guest list,” Dionne stated, seeming to take control of the situation.
They found a company that printed invitations: a hundred for about twenty dollars.  Lara helped on the design.  Sharla argued that it should be a small guest list to give a more warm, family feel to it.
Meanwhile, Shauna called Loretta and officially asked her to be her maid of honor.
“Of course I’ll be there, hon,” Loretta exclaimed.
Shauna gave the details and Loretta promised not to disappoint.
“Now let’s go sightseeing and maybe find the something new and blue along the way,” Dionne said and forced Shauna and the others out the door before anyone could protest.
They ended up in Fisherman’s Wharf.  Shauna noticed several people staring at Dionne and Sharla.  They certainly were conspicuous.  They entered a gift shop with all sorts of trinkets and souvenirs.
Shauna saw a blue dolphin statue and fell in love with it.
“Do you want that to be your something blue?” Sharla asked.
“I’d love it,” Shauna replied.
“Then I’ll buy it for you,” Sharla said and took the item to the register.
“One more item to go,” Lara said confidently.
They had trouble thinking of what so they decided to eat first.  They chose a seafood restaurant.  Everyone got fried flounder, except for Dionne who ordered the lobster.
When they passed a bookstore, Lara got an idea.
“What if the something new was a book just released this week?” she suggested.
“Sounds good to me,” Dionne replied.
The four women entered the bookstore and browsed the new release section.  They were debating whether to buy fiction, non-fiction, or a coffee table book.  They finally settled on a coffee table book of the sights of California since it would last longer.
Then they eagerly took their purchases home.  Mike and Jason were there waiting.
“Where’d you girls go?” Jason asked.
“More girl stuff, you know, for the wedding,” Sharla said like it was a dumb question.
“Right,” Jason said.
“Do you guys want to help pick out the flowers and the rest of what we have to do?” Dionne asked.
“Actually, I have to get back home to Oregon,” Jason admitted.  “My bags are in the car.  I just wanted to say good-bye first.”
“That’s so sweet, hon,” Dionne blew him a kiss.
Jason looked a little uneasy in response to that gesture, but then shrugged it off, got his bags, and left.
“So you find everything okay?” Mike asked.
“Yep,” Shauna said, happy to be surrounded by friends instead of being chased by mobsters.  Maybe her life was finally going in the right direction.
The girls then went on the computer and ordered some stuff to be sent to the wedding hall in November.
“Do you need to buy a tuxedo, Mike?” Shauna asked.
“I’ll rent one in Vegas,” Mike said.
“Okay,” Shauna rolled her eyes.  He obviously wasn’t taking this as seriously as she was.  But that was typical for guys versus girls.

Dionne, Sharla, and Lara left the next day.  They said they couldn’t spend too much time away from their carnival since they were already taking off to be at the wedding.  If they could, they would have loved to stay and see every attraction San Francisco offered.
Their departure went smoothly.  Now all Mike and Shauna had to do was wait.  They stayed a few more days in the condo and then rented a hotel by the week.
Over dinner one night, they started talking about the upcoming event.
“Can you imagine, in just a couple weeks we’ll be married.  Each other’s for life?” Shauna asked.
“Why?  Are you getting cold feet?” Mike suddenly looked worried.  He really wanted this to happen.
“No, no.  I’m just saying it’s amazing how fast life can change.  Are you getting cold feet?”
“No, you know there are no other girls in my life,” Mike sighed.
“No bachelor party, then?”
“With who?” Mike asked, putting on a dumb expression.
“Well I won’t have time for a proper bridal shower.  It’s gonna go quick, but I can’t wait,” Shauna said.
“Me neither,” Mike said and leaned forward to kiss her.  She leaned forward to and they kissed briefly.
“Where do you want to live?” Shauna asked after they detached themselves.
“I hadn’t thought of that yet,” Mike admitted.
“You need an address first to get a job,” Shauna started to worry.
“Everything will work out.  Let’s just enjoy our engagement first,” Mike told her.
“You’re right,” Shauna replied.
The soon to be married couple spent the days leading up to the trip back to Vegas just enjoying each other’s company.  Mike started telling her some of his childhood stories.  But then, he thought, we’ll have our whole life for that.  Whole life.  Wow.  He grinned.  His depressed, lonely nights were ending.




Chapter 37

Mike and Shauna drove through the California desert, headed back to Vegas for the big day.  It was unusually hot for November, even in this part of the country.  Mike admired the scenery as he drove.  He liked the open space and the clean air, instead of the congestion of the Northeast.
The mountains in the distance looked beautiful and serene.  He would love to go hiking someday, possibly in the Grand Canyon.  He was starting to feel more alive and more appreciative of life.  A hawk stood on a road sign and eyed them as they passed.  Right now, Mike felt as free as that bird.  He quit that awful school and was in charge of his own destiny.
He looked down at the fuel tank.  Getting low.  He better pull over soon, but he knew there weren’t many gas stations or many of anything for that matter, along this road.  He hoped the car would make it to the nearest gas station.
When he first bought the car, he had been worried.  Some used cars turn out to be lemons and have all sorts of problems within the first few months.  But this one was surprisingly good.  It ran smooth enough and there were no major problem so far.
Half an hour passed with no sign of any life except a few passing cars.  He started to get worried. But then to his relief he saw a lone station and small garage and convenience store on the side of the road.  He pulled in.
An old man in a baseball cap came up.
“What’ll it be?” he asked.
“Fill it,” Mike said.  “Cash.”
They were running low on cash but still had a little over a thousand even after the wedding expenses.
Mike and Shauna got out of the car while the gas tank was being filled.  There wasn’t a cloud in the sky and the sun beat down on them with intensity.  They went in the convenience store.  Shauna bought a diet soda and gum.  Mike bought a bag of chips and a regular soda.
After their tank was full, they thanked the man and left the station, pulling back out onto the long lonely stretch of highway.  About ten minutes later a car caught up to them from somewhere.  It must have been speeding cause they had a clear view in the back for miles.
Suddenly a blue flashing light on the dashboard went on and a siren blared.
“Is that a cop?” Shauna asked.
“I hope not.  We weren’t doing anything wrong, anyway,” Mike said, beginning to get nervous.
They continued driving and the car with the siren started tailgating them.  They couldn’t see who was driving.
“Some of these undercover cops really aren’t cops.  They might be robbers or carjackers.  I don’t know what to do,” Mike said.
“I know.  And we’re in the desert.  Who else can help us?” Shauna said, then made up her mind.  “Keep driving, see if he passes.”
Mike kept driving but the car kept following.  Finally, he had to pull over.  He shut off the engine and waited.  The other car got in front of them and stopped.  
Mike and Shauna were dismayed when Earl the mobster got out of the car.
“Fuck!” Mike cursed.
“I thought this was over,” Shauna cried, her heart starting to race.
Earl came over and knocked on the window for them to open it.  He wasn’t in a police uniform but he looked threatening.   Mike reluctantly rolled down the window.
“Do you two know you were speeding?” Earl said in a gruff voice.
“You’re not a cop.  We know who you are!” Mike said bravely.
“Oh yeah?  And who might that be?” Earl demanded.
“The guy who kidnapped Shauna’s friend and terrorized us.  Isn’t that right, Earl?” Mike said bravely.
“You’re not as stupid as you look,” Earl replied.  “But I’ll tell you what.  You’ll follow me in your own car to a place we can discuss this.  If I see you trying to escape, turn around, or pass me, the buzzards will have a nice lunch this afternoon.  Got it!” 
Mike knew he meant business so he went along with it.  He didn’t have the gun anymore.  He had thrown it out.  Too dangerous, but now he wished he had.
Shauna put her hands on her head.  “Great.  Just before our wedding, too.”
Earl had already gotten back in his car and started the engine.  Mike knew he had to follow so he did.  They drove behind him for about forty minutes, then turned off the main highway onto a side road.
“Where’s he taking us?” Shauna asked.
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Mike replied.
Ten minutes later, Earl stopped outside a roadside attraction.  It was a set of man made metallic dinosaurs.  They were three stories high and you could enter and walk around in them.
Earl stopped his car and got out.
“What’s he gonna do here?” Shauna asked.
Mike was silent as Earl came over to the window.
“Look mister, can’t we just call it a truce and go our own way?” Mike said.
Earl spat on the ground.  “You killed my two best friends.  Now get out of the car before I put a bullet in your gas tank!”
Mike and Shauna immediately got out, hearts racing.
“We’re going to take a little trip,” Earl said and motioned for them to follow him.
Earl slowly walked up to the Tyrannosaurus Rex status and opened a door.  Inside, there were ladders and catwalks.  It looked dangerous.
“Would you like to know how you two are going to die?” Earl asked.
“You’re gonna push off the highest ledge in here?” Mike asked.
“Wrong!  You’re not worth the time of the day in my book, but you killed Tony and Vinny so this is payback,” Earl sneered.  Then he ordered, “Start climbing!”
There was a ladder nearby and Earl forced the couple to climb up higher and higher and walk across several catwalks.  Mike thought about pushing Earl over the edge but Earl had at least sixty pounds on him.  It wouldn’t work.
“It’s time you knew how you are going to die,” Earl said gravely.  “You two are going to sit up here and wait till I go downstairs and back outside.  Then I’m gonna lock the door and drive away.  You’ll be trapped here until you starve to death.  Hmmm.  Starvation.  One of the cruelest deaths,” Earl faked remorse.  “Now sit!”
“The tourists will find us tomorrow and you’ll go straight to jail!” Shauna yelled.
“Oh no that’s where you’re wrong little missy.  There are no tourists.  This place is closed until spring.  My what a shock the first set of new visitors will get when they find two decomposed skeletons in here,” Earl said.
“You can’t do this!” Mike screamed.
“You know what, I like your spunk kid, so I’ll make you an offer.  You come work for us and leave this little bitch behind.  And I’ll call off my issue with you.  Shauna’s the one we really wanted anyway.  You just always seemed to have gotten in the way.  Do we have a deal?”
“Never!  She’s my fiancée!” Mike yelled.
“Fiancée?  You’re marrying her as in you love her?” Earl asked.
“Yes!”
“But she’s a freak.  Nobody loves freaks.  Listen kid, there are plenty of young, beautiful women crawling all over the Southwest.  Everywhere for that matter.  Me and my living friends can help you get them.  You don’t need this circus trash.”
“Leave her alone,” Mike ordered.
“Kid, you’re very naïve.  You have one minute to accept my offer or you’ll die with her,” Earl said.
“Better that than associate with you,” Mike replied.
“You’re a weirdo, kid.  Risking your life for a freak,” Earl sighed as if putting up with a temperamental toddler.
“Burn in hell!” Shauna shouted.
“Shut up!” Earl snapped.
“Don’t tell her to shut up!  She’s a human being, not a freak.  We’re getting married soon and there are a lot of people expecting us.  When we don’t show, they’ll investigate and it’ll come back to you.  You’ll get caught!” Mike said.
“Alright, deal’s off.  I guess you care more about freak girl than your own life,” Earl sneered.
“Call her a freak one more time, I push you over the ledge,” Mike growled.
“But she is a freak.  Maybe you are one too, that’s why you like her so much.  That’s the thing with freaks, you can never understand what they’re thinking,” Earl taunted.
Mike couldn’t take it anymore.  He lunged at Earl.  Earl was surprised at Mike’s bravado and didn’t have time to react or pull out his gun.
They tossed and turned, throwing punches and trying to get the upper hand.  Shauna screamed.
“Mike, don’t fall off!” she yelled.
Mike wasn’t physically built but there was so much anger and motivation in him, he suddenly felt as strong as ten men.  He finally got the upper hand and pushed Earl over the edge.  Earl fell hard on the catwalk below.  He didn’t look that hurt, just a little bruised.  He groaned and rubbed his ankles.
“That’s it!” Earl yelled, taking out his gun.
“Oh no,” Shauna whispered.
“Your deaths have just been changed from starvation to murder by lethal weapon!” he aimed the gun, pointed, and pulled the trigger.



Chapter 38


Mike instinctively hurled himself on top of Shauna to protect her and pulled both of themselves out of the way.  The bullet missed them and ricocheted off a railing.  Earl cursed and fired another shot, which missed and flew past them into the air, and probably hitting the wall.
“Damn you two!” Earl screamed as he realized his clip was empty.  He had to reload.
“Run,” Mike whispered in Shauna’s ears.
They both got up and took off down the nearest ladder two rungs at a time.  Time seemed to stand still as they raced to solid ground again.  As soon as they reached the bottom, Earl was ready with six more bullets.  
He fired one which just missed Shauna by two inches.  She screamed.  Mike took her hand and they ran for the exit as fast as they could.  They flung open the door, which quickly had a bullet embedded in it, just as they escaped out into the air.
But not for long.  Earl would be down the ladder and after them shortly.
“What should we do?” Shauna yelled, almost hysterical.
“In there,” Mike pointed to a large Brontosaurus statue about half the height but three times the length of the T-Rex.  
They ran to it and disappeared inside the entrance just as Earl came out the door of the T-Rex.  Earl looked around, his eyes wild like a madman.  They weren’t in their car and he would still see them if they were running away by foot.  They had to be in one of the other three statues.

The inside of the Brontosaurus was darker and build differently than the T-Rex.  There was only one upper level but a long catwalk stretching the length of the dinosaur.  They noticed piles and piles of storage boxes near the back.
“Let’s hide behind those boxes,” Mike pointed.
He and Shauna scurried over and hid out of sight just as Earl opened the door.
“Hello, you two.  I know you’re in here,” Earl taunted them.
Mike and Shauna were ducked down on their hands and knees.  They heard Earl walking around checking everything out.  They hoped he would go away and leave the boxes alone.  The wait seemed to take forever.  Then all of a sudden the footsteps stopped and everything was quiet for a few minutes.
“Is he gone?” Mike whispered to Shauna.
“Boo!” Earl yelled as he poked his head over the stack of boxes and spotted them.
Mike did the only thing he could think of, stand up and fling all the boxes at Earl as hard as he could.  The piles of boxes tumbled and scattered, a few hitting Earl and one almost knocking him over.
In the confusion Mike and Shauna ran towards the exit.  To their dismay it was locked.  
‘How could that be’ Mike thought.
They struggled with the door as Earl regained his composure and walked menacingly towards them.
“Any last words?” Earl asked as he pointed his gun.
Shauna saw one opportunity.  She didn’t know if it would work or not, but she had no other choice.  Earl was standing on some sort of grate or pothole.  She thought even Earl didn’t realize it.   And there was a big red button a few feet from the door.
Hoping her wish came true, she reached out and pushed the button.  Her wish was granted as the pothole opened inward, and Earl fell down into it.  He screamed and was obviously bruised but Mike and Shauna didn’t know how far he fell.
They ran over and saw him at the bottom of a ladder about six feet tall.  He was sitting down and holding his ankle, which had been sprained.
Earl looked up at them and growled.
“Close the door,” Shauna yelled.
She and Mike grabbed a handle on the pothole and closed it, sealing Earl in.
“What?  You bastards!” they could hear Earl shout.
“We don’t have much time.  He can open it from his side,” Mike warned her.
“Look,” Shauna noticed a crowbar on top of a crate in the corner.
Mike winked at her and ran as fast as he could the thirty feet over to the crate and grabbed the crowbar and then back to Shauna.  He could hear Earl struggling up the ladder as he slipped the crowbar through the outer handle.  Luckily, it covered the whole length of the hole, sealing Earl inside.
Shauna smiled at him.  They could hear Earl bang on the pothole and try to open it, but the crowbar was preventing him.
“Let me out!” he screamed.
“Never!  We’re leaving!” Mike yelled as he and Shauna started to back away.
“I can’t believe this.  Freaks win over me!  NOBODY LOVES FREAKS!” he screamed as Mike and Shauna finally got the outer door opened and stepped out into the sunlight.
They slammed the door tightly shut behind them.  To their relief, a pay phone was nearby.  Mike ran to it, searched his pockets for a couple quarters and found them.
He called the local sheriff.

Twenty minutes later, the sheriff and two other police cars were on the scene.  Mike and Shauna explained everything that happened, including trapping Earl in the hole.  They were both just happy to be alive.
The sheriff thanked them as an officer went to get Earl.  Five minutes later they saw Earl being led out in handcuffs.  He was scowling.
“I’ll get you,” he looked right in Mike’s eyes.  “If it takes me twenty years to get out of the slammer, I’ll get you!”
The officer escorting him rolled his eyes and pushed him down into the squad car.
“Don’t worry,” the sheriff told Mike and Shauna.  “That guy won’t be going anywhere anytime soon.  Do you know how long we’ve been looking for him?  You guys did us a great favor.  You should be proud of yourselves.”
“You’re very brave, son.  Good job,” a masculine looking officer said to Mike.
Mike nodded and a few minutes later, he and Shauna were free to go their way.  They watched the police cars pull away from the scene and drive off into the distance.
“This time, is it really over?” Shauna checked with Mike.
“That’s all three, it should be,” Mike said and put his arm around her.
She leaned against him for comfort.  Mike could tell she was upset, not just at her life being threatened, but at being called a freak like she wasn’t even human.  He was definitely going to marry this girl.

Ten minutes later, they were back on the main road headed for Vegas.
“Mike?” Shauna asked after some silence.
“What?”
“Do you realize we haven’t picked a wedding song yet?”
“Well, let’s see.  Who do you like?” Mike asked.
“Lots of people.  Who do you like?”
“How about this?  We put on the radio and the first ballad that comes on is our song?”
Shauna laughed good-naturedly.  “You have a deal.”
Mike flicked on the radio, and was greeted to Dionne Warwick’s “I’ll Never Love This Way Again.”
As they listened to the song, a tear came to Shauna’s eye.
“It’s perfect,” she said.
“I guess we’re meant to be,” Mike shrugged at her.
“I guess so.  God, you were like the terminator back there.  And at the Hoover Dam too.  I guess I’ll be safe with you around me, Mike Kranton,” Shauna said.
Mike admitted to himself that he didn’t know where all this sudden bravery came from.  He guessed it was just natural defenses that had never been put to the test in such a way.  He smiled to himself and enjoyed the song.  It represented exactly how he felt.  He didn’t think he’d ever be able to find another Shauna.
And in a few days, she would be his and he hers.  Life was going good.




Chapter 39



Mike and Shauna arrived in Vegas for the second time just as it was getting dark.  They could see the lights and the neon from miles away.  Mike took a look over at his fiancée.  This was the one he was sure of it.  He would do anything for her.
They had agreed to stay in separate hotel rooms until the wedding night.  A few of Shauna’s friends were supposed to meet them in the lobby.  Mike had called Tara, the only one from his family, and told her she was invited.  He wasn’t sure if she was going to make it or not.
Mike drove down the strip, admiring the sights and the scenery and the people.  Even though someone could lose a lot of money, he loved it here.  He once again parked in the Mirage and the happy couple made their way to the lobby.
Sharla suddenly spotted them and pointed excitedly.  Mike was surprised to see Jay and May, the acrobats from Kansas, standing next to her.
“Hi Shauna.  Hi Mike,” May hugged Shauna warmly.  Jay gave Mike a firm handshake.
“This is so exciting.  The whole gang’s here,” Sharla exclaimed.
Shauna could barely get a word in as Shauna led her by the hand over to the elevators.  Mike followed.
Sharla led them up to a hotel room on the ninth floor.  It was two large rooms, with adjoining doors.  Lara, Olga, and Dionne from Malagios’s were there.  Talos was conspicuously absent.
Also from Oddville, were Lynn and Johnny.  They all looked happy to see Mike and Shauna again.
They spent the next several minutes going over what happened since they last met and Mike and Shauna’s near brush with death.  Then they got down to business.  The wedding was tomorrow at 7 p.m.  Loretta would be arriving at about 5 a.m., the last one of the bunch to arrive.  Lara and Dionne had agreed to pick her up.
Mike and Shauna were going to spend the wedding night by themselves right after the ceremony.  A limo was scheduled to drive them from the hall back to their room.  The following day, would be the reception and party with all their friends.
“Where are you going on your honeymoon?” Dionne asked.
“We haven’t even planned that!” Shauna exclaimed.  “Everything has been so rushed.”
“I’ve always wanted to spend some time in Los Angeles,” Mike said.
“Oh, I love it there, especially West Hollywood!” Dionne exclaimed.
“I think that may freak Mike out a little, Dee.  But there’s Universal Studios, Santa Monica, Venice Beach, Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills tours of the stars’ homes.  I think it’s a great idea!” Lara said.
“Well me and Jay are off to try our luck downstairs in the casino.  See you in a few hours,” May said excitedly and hurried off with Jay right behind her.
“Congratulations, Mike,” Johnny shook Mike’s hand.
“Now I want you and Shauna to try and keep your hands off each other until tomorrow night.  We’re gonna have a girls’ night out,” Dionne told everybody.  “Mike, if you want to show Johnny around town, I’m sure he’d like it.”
Johnny was the only other man in the room so Mike agreed.  They said good bye to the ladies and left the room.
“Do you know if there are any last minute show tickets?” Johnny asked.
“I don’t know.  What do you want to see?” Mike asked.
“I heard Cirque du Soleil was good.”
So they walked over to the theatre where it was and fortunately there were a few standby tickets left.  They each purchased one and were treated to a fantastic display of agility and talent.  Johnny loved it.  Mike was impressed.
“Those girls were hot.  If I wasn’t so short, I’d be after them,” Johnny told Mike as they exited onto the street.
They then found a bar and had a couple drinks.  It was dark and gloomy, except for some neon signs.  Loud music was playing.  Johnny and Mike sat in a table in a corner.
“So this is it?  Giving up all other women, for the rest of your life?” Johnny asked.
“Yep.  I have no regrets,” Mike replied.
“Shauna’s great.  I first met her almost ten years ago,” Johnny said.  “You picked a good choice.”
“Thanks,” Mike replied and took a deep breath.  Only about twenty-four hours to go.

Meanwhile, the girls were having a rowdy time at a male strip club.  Shauna really didn’t want to go, but the other girls insisted.  
During the show, Dionne whispered, “Girl, you and Mike haven’t, you know, yet?”
“No,” Shauna replied.  “He told me he was a virgin.”
“Oh,” Dionne seemed surprised.  “Then I hope he knows what he’s doing tomorrow night.  If not, it’ll be a learning experience for him.”
Shauna and the others watched the muscular men gyrate to the music.  Dionne gave the most in tips.  Everyone else was shy about going too close to the men.
Then they all went back to the hotel suite, ordered room service, and spent the night talking and sharing stories and memories of past relationships, good and bad.  Shauna learned some things about her friends she never knew before.  It was almost three in the morning when everyone finally turned out the lights and went to bed.

When Shauna woke up, Dionne and Lara had left to go pick up Loretta.  So she went to the breakfast buffet with May, Lynn, Olga, and Sharla.  Olga loved it, since it was all you can eat.  Sharla yelled at Olga a few times to calm down about the volume she was eating.
“It’s good,” was all Olga could reply.
When they were all so full they could hardly walk, they left and Shauna went out to enjoy her last few hours as a single woman.  Loretta met up with her a couple hours later.  Loretta was so happy for her.
“You beat me to it, girl,” Loretta said while hugging somebody.
“You’ll get there,” Shauna told her.  “What about that guy from Baton Rouge?”
“We’re still in touch.  But I don’t know if he’s the one.  You know, when I first met you and Mike, I sensed something between you two.  Some great chemistry,” Loretta said.
“He’s been so sweet.  A real catch,” Shauna admitted.
Pretty soon, it was time to go to the wedding hall.  It was beautifully decorated.  Shauna was a little disappointed that one end opened onto a casino floor.  But she met the minister.  He was very nice and congratulated her warmly.
Shauna, Loretta, Dionne, Sharla, and Lara then went into a back room to put on their dresses.

Meanwhile, Johnny and Mike had found a tuxedo rental place and were trying them in one of the other rooms of the hall.  Jason hadn’t shown up yet.  Mike hoped he didn’t forget.  He had told him the right day and all.
“Are you okay?  You seem a little worried,” Johnny asked.
“It’s just my friend Jason…,” Mike started.
“Is right here,” Jason stepped in the room to the others’ surprise.  Jason looked great and had an expensive tuxedo on, perfectly arranged.
“You made it, buddy,” Jason gave Mike a friendly slap on the back.
“Thanks for caring,” Mike said and shook his hand.
Now the only person Mike hadn’t seen was Tara, his sister.  When he told her on the phone, it sounded uncertain but he really hoped she would make it.
After his tuxedo was on properly, he opened the door and peeked out into the hall.  He was shocked to see at least fifty extra people sitting in chairs waiting for the ceremony to begin.   They were all distinguished looking such as one man in Victorian era clothing and another in a top hat.  But no sign of Tara.
Mike shut the door.  ‘Shauna’s friends must have invited more people than we thought’ he shrugged it off and fixed his tie and lapel.
The next half hour waiting for the start, was agony for Mike.  The second hand on the clock in their room seemed to be going at half speed.
Johnny and Jason told jokes to pass the time.
Pretty soon, the moment arrived.  Mike took a deep breath and stepped out into the main hall with his two friends.




Chapter 40




All the many voices whispering and buzzing, quieted to a hush, then absolute silence as Mike stepped out into the hall.  Loretta stepped out from her room.  Mike expected the “Here comes the Bride” music to start playing, but instead their chosen song by Dionne Warwick came on.
Loretta walked up to Mike and took his hand.  He wasn’t totally sure what to do, except to put the ring on Shauna and kiss her and say “I do”.   But he followed along.
As he walked up the aisle arm in arm with Loretta, he turned to his left and saw Tara smiling at him.  She was seated among all of Shauna’s odd friends.  She gave a little wave.  Mike nodded.
Mike reached the altar where the minister was standing and waited anxiously for everyone else to come out.  As Johnny, Lara, and Sharla walked out, a tear came to Mike’s eye.  Even Sharla looked so beautiful and happy.
Mike noticed onlookers from the casino watching the spectacle.  The guest list must be more of a sight than the wedding, Mike thought to himself.  Dionne came out next and walked proudly up the aisle, doing a little dance along the way. A few people snickered.  She was such a character.
Finally, everyone turned around and Shauna came out looking dazzling.  Her face was glowing.  Mike grinned.  Shauna looked surprised to see so many people.  She didn’t expect his either.  But to Mike, it looked like she knew who most of them were.
Jason took Shauna in the arm and they slowly approached Mike and the minister.  The walk down the aisle was the happiest day of Shauna’s life.  And it showed.  Finally, she reached Mike and Jason went to his position on the side.
Mike took a deep breath as the minister began his speech.
“We are gathered here today to join Mike Kranton and Shauna Meloden in holy matrimony,” the minister started.
Mike and Shauna could just gaze into each other’s eyes.  Finally, it was time.
“Mike, do you take Shauna to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, for richer and poorer, in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, till death do you part?”
“I do,” Mike said.
Johnny walked over and handed Mike the ring. He took it and put it on Shauna’s hand.  Her eyes were tearing.  Then the minister asked Shauna the same question.
“I do,” she replied.
Sharla handed her the wedding band and she put it on Mike’s hand.
“I now pronounce you husband and wife.  You may kiss the bride,” the minister stated.
Everyone cheered, including some of the casino onlookers as Mike kissed Shauna more passionately then he ever had before.  Then Shauna threw the bouquet.  Everyone nearby raced to be the one to get it.  Sharla caught it and looked proud of herself.
Everyone smiled as Mike and Shauna, now married, walked back down the aisle.  Tara and Tim smiled warmly as they passed.  Mike nodded to them.
A white stretch limo was waiting outside.
The driver, a very polite young man, asked, “Ready, Mr. and Mrs. Kranton?”
“Ready,” Shauna said and got in the limo.  Mike helped her with her gown.
Mike then followed his new wife inside.
Some people came out of the hall to watch the limo drive off to the honeymoon suite.  Inside, Mike and Shauna were beaming.  They couldn’t wait.  The drive back to the Mirage couldn’t go fast enough.
Finally, it arrived.  Mike was aware of the stares as he took her up to the hotel room.  When they got to the door, Shauna asked, “Are you gonna carry me over the threshold?”
Mike hesitated.  He wasn’t that strong.
“Try,” Shauna winked.
Mike tried and succeeded in picking her up.  She was lighter than he thought.  They got inside and closed the door behind them.  The next few moments were a little awkward.  They knew what they were supposed to, but Mike had never done this before.
Finally, Shauna started loosening his tie.  Then they made their way over to the bed and undressed each other.  They were both a little embarrassed but glad at the same time.  Since this was Mike’s first time, he just took cues he remembered from movies.
He got on top of Shauna and kissed her gently.  She kissed back.  They made love slowly and passionately.  Mike tried to be careful about Shauna’s stomach.  For him, it was like fireworks going off.  For Shauna, it was like her destiny finally being fulfilled.
When it was over, Shauna leaned against Mike’s chest.  He put his arm around her.
“Thank you Mike,” Shauna whispered.
“For what?” Mike asked.
“For showing me that freaks deserve love too,” Shauna replied.
“You’re not a….,” Mike started.
“Ssshhh,” Shauna stopped him from finishing his sentence.
Mike grinned and Shauna smiled back.  They lay in each other’s arms until they both fell asleep.  Mike had had the best night of his life.  He would remember this for ages.




Chapter 41


The sun was shining through the window as Mike awoke to his first morning as a married man.  Shauna was sleeping peacefully beside him.  He tried to get out of bed without waking her, but she stirred to life as soon as he moved.
She gazed at him sleepily.
“Good morning, Mrs. Kranton,” he grinned at her.
“Good morning, Mr. Meloden,” she said back.
A few minutes later, they were both fully awake.  Shauna went in the bathroom to take a shower.  While she was in there, Mike dressed and called up room service.  He ordered two deluxe breakfast platters.
The room service came just as Shauna came out of the bathroom, dressed.  She looked pleased.
The bellboy entered the room and put the two trays of breakfast food on their table.  Mike thanked him, tipped him, and he left.  Shauna took the lid off her platter to see pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast, and sausage.
“This is wonderful.  You’re so thoughtful,” she exclaimed.
“I knew you’d like it,” Mike replied.
While they were eating, Mike asked, “When’s the wedding party?”
“Tonight at 5,” Shauna replied with a mouth full of eggs.
“What do you want to do until then?” 
“We’ve never gotten to the pool yet and I think today is enough.  Let’s go there,” Shauna suggested.
“Fine with me.”
An hour later, they were downstairs at the pool.  Half the chairs were empty, being November and all, but it was still very warm.
Shauna found a lounge chair near the shade and Mike sat on one beside her.
“Do you still want to go to Los Angeles?” Shauna asked Mike.
“Sure.  Why not?” Mike replied.
“How much money do we have left?” Shauna asked.
They then started discussing their finances.  They had enough for a week’s vacation but it would soon run out.  They would both need to get jobs.  Shauna agreed not to return to Malagio’s but to waitress or do whatever he could.  Mike said he would most like to work in a pizza parlor or a video game store.  But they agreed, Vegas was nice to look at, but they didn’t want to live there.  There was too much temptation to gamble and lose money.  Besides, it was for tourists and the best jobs were involved with the casinos somehow.  Mike didn’t want to be a dealer and Shauna thought her performance skills weren’t quite Vegas material.
They talked about their future and where they wanted to live.  Mike didn’t really want to go back East.  He loved the atmosphere and the landscape of the West.  Shauna said she always loved New England when her carnival passed through and would love to live there.
Shauna asked him when he was going to tell his mother he was married.  Mike said not yet.  When the time was right.  Thanksgiving was coming up.  They guessed they would spend it by themselves doing something fun.  All of Shauna’s carnival and circus friends were set to go home in a couple days and back to their old lives.  But they had one night to all be together.

A large ballroom had been reserved at Caesar’s Palace for the wedding party.  Mike and Shauna got there early.  They were surprised to find it already crowded.  Some of the people, Shauna hadn’t seen since she was a teenager.
She left Mike for a while and talked to all her old friends.  She seemed to be having a great time.
“Who organized all this?” Shauna was asking one of her old friends.
“I did, honey,” Dionne came up behind her.
“You did!  How did you find everybody?”
“Miss Dionne has her ways,” Dionne answered mysteriously.
“You’re amazing!” Shauna said.
“Don’t I know it,” Dionne flicked her hair back and struck a pose.
Shauna introduced Mike to some people and then the music started playing.  Some people started dancing, mostly by themselves.  But there were a few couples.  Mike was happy to see Jason and Tara show up.
He talked to them for a while, then Shauna made him dance with her.  He danced a little better than the previous time at the nightclub, but was still a little awkward.  He just wasn’t much of a dancer.
“You’ll learn,” Shauna told him.

Soon it was time to cut the wedding cake.  Mike held Shauna’s hand as she cut the first piece with a huge knife.  It was awkward and the cake fell apart a little bit.  Shauna laughed and fed Mike a piece by hand.  Then after being cued, he did the same to her.  The night was fun.  The DJ played lots of ballads and love songs.
A few of the guests made speeches about how great Shauna was and their fond memories of her.  Since Mike’s guests were outnumbered significantly by all of Shauna’s guests, Jason and Tara both made speeches.
Mike thought about how great it was to see them both again.  Tara had liked Jason when she was still living with the family.  Sometimes, when they were younger, she took him and Jason places like the mall or the beach.  They were happy, at fifteen or sixteen, to not be seen with their mothers or fathers.  Things were good back then.
Then when Mike graduated high school, everything seemed to fall apart.  Tara left, Jason moved, he didn’t enjoy school or studying as much.  Everything was different.  Now he could see, that there was a light at the end of every dark spell.  Shauna gave him confidence to move on with life and be happy and do what he enjoyed.
Things would work out.  He was sure of it.  They didn’t have all the answers today, like where they would work, where they would buy a house or rent an apartment.  They just knew that they were together.  And whatever life threw at them, they would go through it together.
Mike was glad to finally have a life companion.  He thought it was important for people to have one.  It lifted one’s spirits and made one feel needed and appreciated.  Mike saw all the rudeness and the coldness in the world.  How many people were out of luck or just plain angry.  He promised himself to always treat Shauna right.  To remember the despair of even just a few months ago and appreciate the new world Shauna had opened up for him.
The party lasted until after midnight.  Everyone had energy the whole time.  They were disappointed when everyone had to leave.
Shauna spent fifteen minutes saying good-bye to everyone.  Jason and Tara told Mike they couldn’t stick around either.  Mike thanked everyone for the memory and then returned to the hotel with his new bride.

Some time during the night, it began to rain.  Mike could hear it against the window.  They didn’t have sex again, but they spent the night cuddled up against each other.  Mike enjoyed the warmth.
Mike fell asleep and dreamt happy dreams.  He woke up to a grey, dismal morning.  There was an unnatural silence in the air.  Like the calm before a storm.  He didn’t remember the weatherman saying anything about a big storm, but he took a look out of the window, and the sky looked ominous.
Shauna woke up shortly after.  They took their time getting ready for the day.  Mike had to shower and shave.  Shauna took a long time getting ready and putting on make-up and perfume.  They figured they would go see a show or do something fun on their last day in Vegas.  Mike enjoyed that Shauna didn’t mind being spontaneous.  Sometimes it was good to have no plans ahead of time, and just decide something on the spur of the moment.
As Shauna was looking through her bags, there was a loud knock on the door.  Both of them jumped.
“Who could that be?  Did you order room service again?” Shauna asked.
“No,” Mike replied as he sauntered over to the hotel door and opened it.
His heart sank as he saw Rich and Pete standing there.  They did not look happy.
Shauna came up behind him and her jaw dropped.
“Rich.  Pete.  Great,” she sighed.




Chapter 42



Mike stood at the door in stunned silence for a few moments.
“May we come in?” Rich asked.
Mike and Shauna both knew that saying ‘no’ was not an option.  Mike backed up to let the two men in.  They came in carefully surveying the hotel room and everything in it.  Mike noticed they smelled like tobacco, both wore tweed suits, and looked like hicks.
“Nice place you got yourselves,” Pete commented taking in the suite.
“Thank you.  Now leave,” Shauna growled.
“Woah now.  Wait a minute, little lady,” Rich said.  “Don’t you have a job to get back to?”
“I quit!” Shauna said with determination.
“You can’t quit!” Rich said.
“Well, I do quit.  We’re married now and I’m staying with Mike,” Shauna said.
“Married?  You got married to this,” Rich pointed at Mike disapprovingly.
“Hey!” Mike defended himself.
“Yes, now please go.  I don’t want to be a part of your carnival any more,” Shauna said.
“That’s a little too bad.  We own you and we’re not letting you out,” Rich said menacingly.
“No one owns her.  She’s my wife,” Mike said.
“Stay out of this son,” Rich said, pulling out a chair from the desk and sitting straddle style.  Pete remained standing.
“Listen, Zelda.  You are still a part of us.  We can’t let you go.  Do you know how much business we lost when you ran away?” Rich said calmly, but Mike and Shauna could tell he was angry.
“And then you invite all your little friends to leave us for a few days?  We had to shut down for the season,” Pete added.
“The season’s almost closed anyway,” Shauna replied.
“I don’t care.  We lost a lot of money because of you two!” Rich yelled.
“Money’s not everything!” Mike yelled.
Rich guffawed and Pete rolled his eyes.  “And what is?  Love?” Rich was incredulous.
“You’re young, and you think there’s no one else.  But that’s wrong.  There are a million beautiful girls in this country.  You’ll find someone that you like just as much.  I promise,” Pete said, trying to be nice.
“But I married her.  She’s my girl,” Mike said.
“Then get unmarried!” Pete yelled.
“Did you two, uh, you know….,” Rich made a motion with his fingers indicating sexual activity.
“Yes, of course,” Shauna replied.
“Damn.  Then you can’t get it annulled,” Rich cursed.
“Get a divorce,” Pete demanded.
“No way!  I just found her and I’m not losing her!” Mike said, ready to throw hysterics if need be.
“Then join us.  What can you do?” Rich said, now attempting to bargain.
“I don’t want to be in a carnival,” Mike said.
“You may not have a choice if you love this little blondie so much.  Seriously, what can you do?  You have nothing distinguishing so we can’t just have you stand there like the bearded lady.  Can you sing?  Act?  Dance?” Rich pressed on obnoxiously.
“Not interested,” Mike replied.
“And you have enough money to support her?” Pete asked.
“We’re getting jobs,” Mike said.
“Real jobs.  I can be a waitress,” Shauna said.
Pete and Rich rolled their eyes, obviously exasperated.
“What part of we’re not giving you up don’t you two understand?” Rich growled.
“What part of we’re married don’t you two understand?” Mike yelled.
Rich got up, ready for a fistfight, but Pete put his arm on his shoulder and he sat back down.  He held up his hands and cursed like dealing with bratty children.
“Look, I know you two put Shauna in danger.  She told me.  You had no interest in protecting her from those mafia guys because you don’t really care about her.  You only saw an object, a source of income,” Mike said with determination.
“And you really care about her?” Rich demanded.
“Yes!”
Rich gave Pete a look and he nodded.  Pete pressed a button on his phone but didn’t talk to anybody or make a call.  Mike gave Shauna a quizzical look.
“Fine, you can replace Talos if you have to,” Pete told Mike.  “And we’ll find something else for him to do.  But we are not losing Zelda and that is that.”
Just then two huge men who must have been three hundred pounds each entered the room.  Mike could tell they had guns hidden in their jackets.  They didn’t say a word but just blocked the door, so Mike and Shauna were trapped.
“If we can’t reason with you two, then we’ll just have to take you on a little trip,” Pete said.
“What?” Shauna asked.
“Where are you going to take us?” Mike demanded.
“Shut up!  You’ve done enough already,” Rich yelled.
The two big goons took out their guns and just pointed to them laughing.  Mike and Shauna almost thought they were going to get shot, but then the two goons put their guns back.
“Now start packing.  If you cooperate, everything will go fine.  We really don’t want to cause a scene,” Rich said.
“Especially not in public,” Pete glared at Mike.
Mike knew they meant business, so he and Shauna packed their things.  They were nervous and tried to stall a couple times, but Rich and Pete weren’t amused.
“Come on.  We don’t have all day!” Rich barked.
Mike and Shauna packed all their bags.  Mike’s heart was pounding.  Would his marriage be over in only one day?  He hoped not.  Shauna looked very upset at what was happening.  He wanted so much to tell her it was okay and everything was gonna work out fine, but he wasn’t even sure he could convince himself of that.
“Now, we’re all gonna go downstairs.  We’ll lead.  As we said, we’d really rather not cause a scene.  Got it?” Rich said.
“Yes,” Shauna gulped.
Mike just stood there.
“Got it?” Rich said a little louder.
“Yes,” Mike backed down.
“There’s a car waiting.  We’re going to take a little trip,” Rich said.
“Where?” Mike asked.
“Uh-uh-uh.  That’s too many questions.  You’ll find out soon enough anyway,” Rich said and stood up.
Mike and Shauna nervously followed the four men out of the hotel room and through the hall to the elevators.  An elderly couple passed by, oblivious to the trouble that was brewing.  Mike knew there was no way out.  They would have to play along, for now.
As they rode the elevator downstairs and walked through the hotel, Mike hoped and prayed someone would notice and come to their rescue.  Perhaps one of the security officers.  But no one did.  They were led to the garage where a grey van was waiting.
The two goons opened the back doors and ordered Mike and Shauna to get in, subtly pointing at their hidden guns.  Mike and Shauna did as commanded.  The back of the van was dirty, but mostly empty.  They had to sit on the floor.  Then the doors were slammed shut and locked and the four men got in the front of the van.  One of the three hundred pound men drove and the other one sat in the front seat.  Rich and Pete sat in back where they had a good view of Mike and Shauna.
The biggest problem was that the back of the van had no windows.  Only the front two sections did.  So no one would know they were being kidnapped.  There was no way out, at least not yet.
Mike’s mind raced as the van started up and pulled out into the dreary Las Vegas afternoon.  He wondered where they were being taken.  He hoped it wasn’t too far.  His car was still parked in the garage of the Mirage.  How would they get back to it?
The silence was excruciating as the van left the Las Vegas city limits and started a trek through the desert.  Mike gave Shauna a look.  She shrugged.  Mike shrugged back and waited to see their fate.




Chapter 43


The old van barreled through the Las Vegas desert.  Every time, Mike or Shauna tried to lean forward and get a look out the window at where they were going, Pete or Rich stopped them.  After about seven warnings, they gave up.
The drive seemed to take forever, and Mike and Shauna hardly said a word to each other, though they could hear the two goons up front having an idiotic conversation.
Finally, after what really was just a little over an hour, the van stopped.  The two goons got out and the next thing Mike knew, the back doors were opened and they were ordered to get out of the van.
Mike took a look around.  There were lots of palm trees and green grass, but no casinos.
“Where are we?” he asked aloud.
“Palm Springs,” Shauna replied, knowing the answer.
“Correct,” Rich said, coming around to meet them.
“This isn’t over.  Keep following us,” Pete ordered.
Mike and Shauna reluctantly followed the four men down a path and behind a building to a bunker on the edge of the property where the grass changed from a healthy green to a faded, dry brown.  They were ordered through a door and inside.
The bunker had several rooms.  Mike noticed some computers and electronic equipment in the first room.  ‘What was all this for?’ he wondered.
“Stop nosing around,” one of the goons barked at Mike.
Shauna and Mike were then forced into the back room of the bunker, which wasn’t as nice as the others.  There was a cot that looked disgusting, a small window about five feet off the ground, and some shelves with books of unknown contents.
“Just stay in here for a while.  We’re busy right now,” Rich ordered and then slammed and locked the door.
Mike and Shauna were alone in the disgusting room.
“What are they going to do?” Mike asked.
“Probably take us back to the carnival,” Shauna said.
“How could you work for jerks like that for so long?” Mike asked her.
“I was trapped.  I couldn’t just leave,” Shauna said, obviously upset.
Then Mike became more sensitive to her.  He walked up to her and held her hand.  “Shauna, I just want you to know that whatever happens, I’m right beside you and going through it with you.”
“Thank you,” Shauna replied weakly.  She was obviously tired out from all this drama.
Mike checked the window but it couldn’t be opened.  The door was securely locked and there was no other way out of the room.  The only thing he noticed was a small grate on the floor.  It probably led into another room, or else somewhere like the basement if there was one or else the air ducts.  He didn’t want to risk it.
They couldn’t hear any sign that Rich, Pete, or the two henchmen were talking or still in the building.  Mike sat on the cot and tried to think of a rational plan.  Nothing that came to mind seemed to be feasible.
About half an hour later, Rich entered carefully, making sure his two captives couldn’t use the opportunity to escape.
“Just to let you know, a private plane will be here by midnight to take you back to where the carnival was abandoned.  Mike, since you’re so determined and stubborn, you’ll have to come too.  Now what would you like to eat?  We have sandwiches or pasta,” Rich said, acting like he was doing them a favor.
“Nothing coming from you,” Shauna yelled.
“Is that how you talk to your boss?” Rich raised his voice.
Shauna relented and sat on the cot next to Mike.
“Again, we’re not evil, just businessmen.  We have to make up for lost revenue.  Now we’re offering you a meal.  The offer goes away in ten seconds.  So what’ll it be?  Pasta or sandwiches?”
Mike and Shauna both muttered, “Sandwiches.”
“Okay, sandwiches it is.  Be right back,” Rich said and left the room, locking the door behind him.
“Mike,” Shauna said.  “I’ve been thinking.”
“About what?”
“You should just save yourself.  My problems started long before you entered my life. I wouldn’t mind if you left.  Carnival life isn’t so bad.  I’m at least safe, fed, and I’ll get used to it again,” Shauna said, obviously desperate.
“Never.  We can’t give up that easily,” Mike replied.
“You don’t know these guys and what they’re capable of.  I do,” Shauna said.
“I was at the Hoover Dam.  I know what them and their friends are capable of,” Mike replied.
“But don’t keep risking your life for me.  You already did at least twice.   Tell them you want to go.  I’ll remember you, really,” Shauna said, obviously having given up the hopes of a free, normal life.
But Mike wasn’t ready to give up.  He glared at Rich as he came back to give them both water and ham and Swiss sandwiches.  Rich gave Mike an evil eye in return and then left them alone again.  Mike and Shauna ate their sandwiches in silence.
As they were eating, something caught Mike’s eye.  The books on the shelves weren’t novels or textbooks or anything like that.  Some looked like manuals, but most looked like recordkeeping books.  He wondered what was in them.
Without another word, he ran over and opened one that seemed suspicious.  It contained mostly financial records.  But most interesting, was a section on illegal sports betting including horse racing.
“Shauna, look at this,” he called her over.
She came over reluctantly.  Mike showed her the evidence of illegal activity and then went searching through the other books for more.  What he found was shocking.  The records dated back almost twenty years.  They contained proof of bribes, extortion, gambling, as well as how some of their performers were illicitly obtained.
“This is great.  If we can just get this to the police,” Mike started rambling, obviously hopeful.
“How?” Shauna brought him back to reality.  “They have guns.  We’ll be on a plane in a few hours and I doubt they’ll be taking these books back to Malagio’s.”
“Still.  Maybe we could distract them and use one of their computers,” Mike started formulating a plan already.
Shauna raised her eyebrows, looking doubtful.
“Look, they were dumb enough to leave us alone in here knowing all this evidence was just sitting around for us to thumb through.  There has to be a way we can trick them,” Mike was getting excited.  He may just get to keep his life and his wife after all.
“I admit, Rich and Pete never were the brightest apples in the basket.  But they are dangerous and not dumb enough to have one pulled over on them,” Shauna replied.
“Ssssh,” Mike was already thinking of a plan.
He kept his eye on the grate in the floor.  The window was out of the question, but where did that grate lead to.  Maybe another room whose door was closed and contained a phone or computer so Mike could contact the authorities.  He eyed its width, comparing it to his own size.  If not him, then maybe Shauna could squeeze through.
“Do you know what’s in the room next to us?” Mike asked his new wife.
“No, I’ve never been here before,” Shauna replied.
Mike was already on his way over, feeling the grate and trying to open it.  It was screwed tightly in place and neither of them had a screwdriver.
Still, it was their only hope.  Mike was deep in thought while Shauna looked at him strangely.  Mike wasn’t going to give up or give in.  The plane wouldn’t be here for several hours.  That should be more than enough time for an escape plan.
Mike grinned.  An idea just came to his head.




Chapter 44


“What are you doing?” Shauna asked as she noticed Mike fiddling with the grate.
“Do you have a nail file hair pin? I want to try and get these screws off,” Mike replied eagerly examining the grate.
Shauna sighed and looked through her pockets for something they could use.  Luckily she did have a metal pin.  She gave it to Mike.  He grabbed it and set to work on the screws holding the grate in place.  Not having the proper tool, it was hard work.  But eventually, he got the first one loose enough to finish by hand.
Fortunately, no one came back in the room while they were plotting their escape.  They heard footsteps outside the door a few times and got nervous, but nothing happened.  Shortly after, the second screw was loose.  Then the third.  And then with a little more difficulty, the last.
Mike carefully removed the grate and reached into the hole.  A piece of furniture was in the way but it definitely only led to the next room.
“Shauna, I’ve got a plan,” Mike said.  The eagerness on his face was apparent.
“Shoot.”
“One of us will go through into the other room.  There has to be a computer or at least a phone.  I just have a gut feeling that there is.  But we have to keep the four jerks distracted while we do it.” Mike couldn’t contain his excitement.  “I’ll be the one to go through the grate just in case someone’s on the other side.  But I want you to call for Rich or Pete.  Tell them you have to use the bathroom bad.  Stay in there at least fifteen minutes.”
“Fifteen minutes?  They’ll get suspicious,” Shauna complained.
“Just tell them you’re having woman problems or something,” Mike replied.
“For that long?”
“Yes.  Scream, wail if you have to.  Make it sound serious.”
“Mike, just how much do you know about female anatomy?” Shauna asked.
“As much as Rich or Pete do.  Please, it’s our only hope.  I’ll try and be quick.  Once I alert the authorities, I’ll crawl back and make it look like I never left.  By the time the guys bring you back in here, the police will be on their way,” Mike explained.
Shauna looked like she really didn’t want to but they didn’t have much else to go on.
So she went over to the main door to the room and started banging on it.  At first, there was no response from outside.  But Shauna kept persisting, banging as loud as she could.
Finally, they heard footsteps outside.  Rich came over.  “What do you want?” he yelled without opening the door.
“I really need to go to the bathroom, sir.  Female troubles, you know,” Shauna said.
“Oh Christ!” Rich cursed and reluctantly opened the door.
He peered in to make sure Mike was still there and not ready to sneak out.  Mike had used the time to crawl over and sit calmly on the bed.  Rich looked disgustedly at Shauna.
“I think it’s serious.  You better let her,” Mike said.
Rich rolled his eyes and cursed under his breath.  “Pete!” he screamed.
“What?” Pete came over a minute later.
“Guard the door while I take this little lady to the can.  Says it’s her period or some bullshit like that,” Rich explained.
“Can do, boss,” Pete said.
Rich grabbed Shauna by the hand and led her out of the room.  She gave a trustful look back at Mike, who appeared to not look interested.
Once she was gone, Pete glared at Mike.
“Don’t you try any funny business while she’s gone.  I’ll be standing right outside,” he yelled and then slammed the door.
“I won’t!” Mike called to an empty room.
As soon as the coast was clear, Mike removed the grate and set in the floor as quietly as he possibly could.  Then with some struggle, he pushed the piece of furniture out of the way.  To his surprise, it was light and moved easily.
He got down on his stomach and peered into the room next door.  To his relief, nobody was in there.  He saw some equipment and what might be a working computer in the middle of the room.
Struggling, he made his way through the grate.  At one point, he almost got stuck and was worried they would find him halfway in one room and half in the other.  That wouldn’t be good.  But he did manage to squeeze through and stand up on the other side.
The door to the hall was closed and there was no sign that Pete or anyone else had noticed.  This room had windows to the outside that were normal size.  There were several bookshelves containing who knows what.
Mike made a quick inspection of the room.  He couldn’t see a phone.  Guess he would have to try the computer.  Mike heard Shauna and Rich yelling as he booted up the computer.  It was a very old model.  Mike worried it wouldn’t even have good internet service.  But eventually the operating system came on.
To Mike’s dismay it was password protected.  He tried a blank password, but that didn’t work.  Then he tired several obvious words that came to mind.  Nothing worked.  He bit his lip in frustration.  They didn’t have much time.
After over ten attempts, Mike was getting worried about a computer lock-out.  But it was so old, he didn’t even think it was equipped with that technology.
Agitated, he walked over to the bookshelves and looked for clues.  They contained records of more illicit activity.  Rich and Pete were serious criminals, from the looks of these records.  It also detailed their relation to the mafia and gave several names including Tony, Vinny, and Earl.
‘Guess this carnival wasn’t the innocent family-friendly place it portrayed itself to be’ Mike told himself.  But there were no clues about passwords.
Then he got a couple more ideas including the names of the people involved.  All turned up with an error message. He could hear Shauna yelling like a hysterical girl, but he knew Rich and Pete would get suspicious very soon.
He almost thought about giving up, when he just tried “carnival”.  
Bingo.  The welcome screen loaded and the desktop came to life.  Mike checked for an internet connection and was having trouble finding one.  It definitely wasn’t high-speed if it had one at all.
Mike clicked on some of the icons to see what he could find.  To his delight, more records of illegal activity came up, this time stored on computer spreadsheets and databases as well as documents verifying every deal and trade that went on at Malagio’s.  No wonder they hid the info all the way out here instead of their usual trailers, Mike thought to himself.  This was serious stuff.
He couldn’t find a printer or one on a network either.  But that would be too dangerous.  The two big goons were probably in the front room and they would notice something printing.
Mike knew he only had a few minutes left.  He could hear Rich getting the upper hand in the argument with Shauna.  Then he got an idea.  Maybe there was a small hard disk he could copy some evidence onto.  Even if he had to wait till they were back East to turn it in, it would be better than nothing.
He searched through the drawers frantically while trying to be quiet at the same time.  He didn’t want anyone to know he was in here.  There was nothing in the computer desk drawers, but he found some old 3.5” diskettes in a drawer in a table near the window.
He put the disk in the computer and immediately started copying whatever files looked most incriminating onto the disk.  The process took a few minutes.  Then he grabbed the disk, ready to squeeze back through the hole.  He knew Shauna couldn’t keep up the charade much longer.
He put the disk in his pocket and stood up.  But he was startled by a menacing voice and a click.
“Hello, my friend,” Mike turned to see Pete with a gun aimed at his head.
“I, uh,…,” Mike stuttered but came up with nothing believable.
“Any last requests before you say good-bye to planet Earth?” Pete growled and was ready to fire.
Mike gulped and looked around.  There was no way to easily escape.  Maybe it wouldn’t be a happy ending after all.




Chapter 45


The silence was suddenly broken by a loud crash and some screams.
“What the?” Pete asked in surprise and almost dropped his gun.
He took a look away from Mike and into the hall.  What he saw must have been astonishing, because he gave Mike a nasty look and ran back towards the front of the bunker.
Mike, himself wondering what was going, walked towards the hall and bumped into Shauna and Rich.  They too looked surprised.
“How’d you get out?” Rich demanded.
“No time for that!  Come here quick!” Pete yelled from the front of the building.
The three gave each other looks and then walked to the front of the bunker.  Mike and Shauna were astonished, though relieved, to see Dionne, Sharla, and Lara standing in the room.  They had driven their car right through the weak front wall.  There was dust and debris everywhere.  Dionne was in her usual flamboyant get-up but looked unfazed.
The two big goons looked too surprised to move.
“What’s the meaning of this?” Rich demanded, his face turning red.
“I’m turning in my resignation.  I quit,” Dionne told him.
“I quit too,” Lara followed.
“Me too!” Sharla exclaimed after a momentary pause.
“No!  You guys can’t.  We have contracts.  And you just destroyed our property.  You’ll be with us for life!” Rich screamed.
“Oh yeah!” Dionne said. “How do you think it would feel to have a stiletto heel jammed into your crotch?”
Pete gulped.
“She’s serious,” he said.
Dionne gave Sharla a look, and then the next few moments were a blur.  Sharla leapt from her position and on top of one of the 300 pounders.  The next thing everybody knew, he was handcuffed to a chair.  The other 300 pounder went for his gun, but Sharla was as fast as lightning and beat him to it.  He was handcuffed to a chair five seconds later.
Sharla took the guns from the henchmen and threw one at Lara.  She caught it.
Pete and Rich had taken out their guns but saw they were outnumbered.
“It’s five against two.  Give it up, guys,” Lara yelled, ready to fire if she had to.
“Look, can’t we work something out.  If we lose four performers, the carnival will be shut down permanently!” Rich pleaded, knowing he was running out of options.
“That’s fine with me!” Dionne exclaimed.
“Just what I was thinking,” Lara said.
Pete went to fire his gun, but Sharla pressed her trigger first.  The bullet hit Pete’s gun, which exploded in his hand.  He started bleeding profusely.
“Oh my god!” he screamed and dropped to his  knees.
Rich dropped his gun and held his hands in the air.
“Good.  Now we’re on speaking terms,” Dionne said.
Mike and Shauna rushed over and huddled near their three carnival friends.
“Thank you,” Shauna said.
“Anything for the code,” Dionne stated like it was no big deal.
“But how did you know where we were?” Shauna asked.
“We checked you hotel room and found you were gone, but when we went to ask at the front desk, you hadn’t checked out yet,” Dionne explained.
“Then we started investigating, starting with your car.  Sorry, Mike.  They totaled it,” Lara told him the grim news.
“It was old anyways,” Mike shrugged it off.  He was just glad it made it through so many states without one problem.
“Now about these other two,” Sharla said, holding up two more handcuffs.
Rich and Pete obeyed as they were handcuffed to two more chairs.  All of a sudden they weren’t so tough.  They were helpless aging men.
“Where’d you get those?” Shauna whispered to Sharla.
“These are used in acts all over.  Only someone else can unlock them.  The person wearing them can’t do a thing,” Sharla seemed proud of herself.  She sure was feisty for a midget.
“So what now?” Lara asked.
“We found a bunch of stuff that could put these two away forever,” Mike said and led the four women to the back room which for awhile had been his prison.  
He showed them the books and their eyes widened when they saw just how much bad stuff the owners had done.
“I knew they were no good the first time I saw them,” Dionne stated.
“Then why’d you accept the job?” Sharla asked.
“Oh be quiet, you little munchkin!” Dionne said.
“You be quiet yourself, you overgrown drag queen,” Sharla yelled.
“I prefer to be called transgender,” Dionne said.
“Is there a phone in here to call the police over?” Lara asked, taking control over the bickering.
“Let’s check,” Shauna said.
All five of them went searching for a phone, but the only two they found had the lines dead.
“We could take the books of evidence to the police station in person,” Mike suggested.
“Good idea.  We’ll stay here and guard this slime,” Sharla exclaimed.
“And what about my honeymoon?” Shauna asked.
“You’ll get it.  We can be in Los Angeles tomorrow,” Mike said.
“Your car is gone,” Shauna reminded him.
“Take ours,” Dionne offered.
“For real?”
“For real.”
“So I guess Malagio’s is finished.  What are you all going to do?” Shauna asked her three longtime friends.
“Once this is settled, Miss Dionne is up and moving to West Hollywood.  Now there’s a town I can really sink my teeth into, pardon the expression.”
Mike blushed.
Sharla spoke next.  “I don’t know, maybe reunite with my family.  And then find work elsewhere.”
“For me,” Lara spoke.  “I’d love to move to New York City.  The Big Apple, the City that Never Sleeps, my kind of town.  I could try my dancing.  Who knows?  Maybe end up on Broadway in a few years.”
Shauna wished them all good luck, then said she and Mike better get going.  Dionne handed her the car keys.
“Don’t worry about us, we’ll get home somehow.  You know how to get to the police station?”
“We’ll find it,” Shauna replied.
Mike picked up a few of the books.  He still had the disk in his pocket.  After saying their good-byes they departed.  Rich, Pete and the two goons cursed at them as they walked out the door.  Mike and Shauna didn’t care.  They were finally free.

They found the police station ten minutes later and parked in the lot.
“I don’t want to just walk in.  Then we’ll be explaining for hours.  We might be detained or have to testify in court,” Shauna sighed.
“How about we leave an anonymous package on the doorstep?” Mike suggested.
“I love your ideas,” Shauna agreed.
Mike took a piece of paper from the glove compartment and wrote a short note mentioning Malagio’s and Rich and Pete’s names.  He signed it anonymously.
Then he walked up to the door and nervously set the few books, the note, and the hard disk on the front stoop.   He took a deep breath and hoped the submitted evidence would be enough.  Then he hurried back to the car.
“So what’s next?” Mike asked.
“Honeymoon in L.A., remember?” Shauna smiled.
“That is, as long as this time really is the last time we have to worry,” Mike said, remembering the other times they thought things were finished.
“You know what they say,” Shauna smiled.  “Third time’s the charm.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Mike replied and pulled out of the police lot.
They then headed westward towards the City of Angels for a relaxing recovery and their first real vacation as newlyweds.




Chapter 46


The drive to Los Angeles was smooth and enjoyable.  Soon the arid California desert turned to lush mountains.  Mike was excited.  He was finally free, with the girl he loved, and adult enough to be on a vacation by himself.
As they pulled into the L.A. city limits, palm trees starting showing up everywhere and they could smell the paradise in the air.  It was over seventy degrees so they had the windows rolled down.
They passed entire streets lined end to end with palm trees two stories high.  Mike was amazed.  He thought it was beautiful.  He had heard of terms like Melrose Ave and Wilshire Boulevard but now he was going to get to see them.  But first, they had to get a hotel.
The first one they tried had no vacancies.  The next one they found was a two story L-shaped building with a pool and palm trees all over the side drive.  That one, they were in luck and booked a room for the entire week.
They found some tourist brochures in the lobby and picked up as many as they could.  They had brochures of Universal Studios, the L.A. Zoo, Disneyland and more.  Mike agreed to let Shauna be in charge of the itinerary since she had been here a couple times before.
The first day was nice weather, so they decided on Griffith Park and the L.A. zoo.  They drove up to the Griffith observatory and explored it for hours.  Mike loved the view from up on the hill.  There was nothing like this back in Connecticut.
Then they drove over to the zoo and bought tickets.  They spent the afternoon, seeing the entire zoo from lions to raccoons.  They ate at a snack shop and bought a couple souvenirs.  Mike was having a great time so far.
They returned to the hotel rested and happy.

The second day was unusually hot so they went to Santa Monica beach.  They suntanned for a couple hours.  Then when Shauna began to get worried about sunburn, they got dressed and went onto the Santa Monica Pier.
Shauna convinced Mike to go on a couple rides with him.  He gave in.  Then they ate at a restaurant overlooking the Pacific Ocean.  The meal was a little fancy and expensive but Shauna loved it.  Mike was still a rather picky eater, so he mostly aside his carrots and green beans and ate his steak.
They had a great view of the sun setting over the water.  After that, they returned to the hotel.  That night, while Shauna was in the bathroom and Mike was watching TV, something caught his eye.
“Shauna, come out here quick!” he called.
“What?” she came out with a toothbrush still in her mouth and her hair a mess.
The major news station was airing a segment about Malagio’s.
The pretty newscaster spoke: “Recently, Palm Springs police found some troubling information about a traveling carnival known as Malagio’s.   Founded in 1935, the carnival had been touring the country for decades.  But anonymous records found at police headquarters indicating some dark activity going on behind the scenes at one of America’s greatest traditions.”
Shauna smiled as the newswoman continued: “Owners Rich Lancaster and Peter Sanilla were found to have been involved in all sorts of illegal activities including gambling, extortions, and dealings with the underground mob.  Both face several serious charges and the possibility of 20 years in prison if convicted.”
“That’s the best news I heard all day,” Shauna commented as the newslady changed subject to some scam that was going around the city.
“You’re officially no longer a carnie,” Mike gave Shauna a quick hug.
“And proud of it,” Shauna kissed him quickly and went back to her nighttime routine in the bathroom.
Mike sighed and lay down on the bed, ready for sleep.

The third day, they decided to see Rodeo Drive.  They were both impressed.  Shauna looked in a couple stores, but the only thing she could afford to buy was a pair of sunglasses for eighty dollars.  Mike scolded her, but Shauna convinced him it was okay to pamper oneself once in a while.
Then they took a bus tour of the stars homes.  They drove up through Beverly Hills and Bel Air and found out where some of their favorite actors and musicians lived.  Mike wondered how often people passed them just simply going out to eat or walking down the street.  It was Los Angeles after all.
Mike was amazed at the mansions and the extravagance.  The landscaping was perfect.  The homes looked immaculate from the outside.  He promised Shauna that someday they would be living in a mansion like these.  She rolled her eyes and said whatever.
As the days went by, Mike began to like Los Angeles more and more.  And he was only half way through the vacation.  He thought to himself, this might be the place I’d like to settle down and find work and a house.
The day went by quickly and they were soon eating dinner in a restaurant near their hotel.

The fourth day, they drove down to Long Beach to see the Queen Mary.  Mike noticed that part of Los Angeles wasn’t quite as nice and was more industrial.  But there were some nice shops and restaurants nearby that they checked out.  Shauna bought a couple souvenirs.
Then they went on a tour inside the Queen Mary.  Mike could smell the history.  All the décor looked old-fashioned and beautiful.  Mike’s impression of the olden days like the 1920’s was glamour and class.  This seemed to confirm his opinion.
By the time they exited the ship, it had started to drizzle.
“Hey, I thought it never rained in Southern California,” Mike complained.
“It does once in a while.  Can’t be totally perfect,” Shauna told him.
For dinner, Shauna had Mike try California pizza.  It was definitely different than the tomato sauce, pepperoni, and mozzarella he was used to.  But he liked it and found the absence of tomato sauce and more exotic ingredients like Thai chicken more appetizing.

The next day, they were lucky enough to get tickets to a show taping.  It wasn’t one of the major sitcoms, but still enough to draw quite an audience.  They got to see a studio tour beforehand and then watched the show.
The acting was great.  Mike almost felt like he was in a real house watching real people.  Of course, the motivational attendant made them applause and be cheery.  After wards a couple of the actors were allowing autographs.  Mike and Shauna each got a set.
Mike was falling in love with L.A.  That night, he convinced Shauna to stay another week, even if they didn’t have definite plans.  She agreed, but warned about running out of money.

The sixth day came around and Shauna wanted to experience some of the culture.  They went to Olvera street.  Mike saw Old Los Angeles with the narrow cobblestone streets and the vendors selling all sorts of trinkets and artifacts.  They ate dinner in an authentic Mexican restaurant.
Mike loved spicy food so he enjoyed the tacos and fajitas.  The wait staff was polite.  Shauna told them they were on their honeymoon, so the staff came over and sang a special song in Spanish just for them.  The other patrons clapped and Shauna blushed.  She loved the attention.
Mike couldn’t get over the difference in L.A.  Aside from a certain feeling in the air, he was amazed at the difference just a few miles made.  From mountains to beaches to Hollywood, this was his kind of town.
He raved all night at the hotel to Shauna about how much fun he was having.  She just nodded.

The seventh day, which was supposed to be their last, they went to the Grauman’s Chinese Theatre and the Hollywood Walk of Fame.  Mike bought a couple books outlining the history of the stars on the walk and who was named on them and when they received their honor.
Mike had a man take some pictures of him and Shauna outside the theatre.  He congratulated them on their new marriage and wished them luck.
During their walk down Hollywood Boulevard, Mike told Shauna his mind was made up.
“Shauna, I know for sure I want to live out here.  I’m sure there are plenty of jobs and affordable housing.”
“If you’re sure, then I’m happy for you and I’ll do what I can to make it happen,” she smiled at him.
“Did I ever tell you how great you are?” he asked.
“Four or five times, if I remember correctly.”
Mike laughed and kissed his wife.  She kissed back.  
They spent the rest of the day taking a driving tour of L.A.  They passed the La Brea Tar Pits, the Getty Museum, Studio City, and more.  One week just wasn’t enough to take it all in.
On their way home, Mike picked up a newspaper.  He would start checking the want ads for jobs and apartments that night.  On first inspection, several immediately caught his eye and he circled them.  That night, he slept more peacefully and soundly than he had in a long time.  But Shauna lay awake almost the whole night thinking.  She liked Mike; she just had some worries at the back of her mind.  Oh well, they would talk it over in the morning.



Chapter 47


Mike woke up early.  Shauna was still sleeping.  So he got out of bed, trying not to disturb her and went over to the newspaper.  He made a list of apartments he would check out that day and the next.  First, he would worry about getting an apartment.  Second, he would worry about getting a job.
Shauna rose twenty minutes later.  She tried to tell him she had doubts but he wouldn’t listen.  He was too caught up in the moment and all the possibilities to hear a negative attitude.
Shauna agreed to go with him apartment hunting.  They found a map of the city in the lobby and used it to go looking at the first apartment on the list.  It turned out to be farther from downtown than they thought.  Mike watched the housing get poorer and poorer.  Soon they seemed to be in a bad neighborhood.  There were iron bars on all the first floor windows.  Mike and Shauna got a nervous feeling in the pit of their stomach.  But they parked and got out anyhow.
Two Mexican teenage girls passed them and gave them a funny look as they walked up the path to the rental office.  They knocked on the door.  They could hear music and a baby crying from inside.  After a long delay, the door was opened. 
A disheveled woman looked at them in disgust, “What do you want?”
“We’re here to see about renting an apartment here,” Mike told her.
The woman seemed to warm up a little.  “Oh, just give me a minute to get the keys.”
The woman closed the door in their face and reopened it two minutes later with keys in her hand.
“Follow me,” she sighed like she was being bothered.
They were led into the building.  They could hear a couple having a shouting match at each other.  They had never heard so many curses in such a short period of time.
“Well here it is,” the landlady opened a door for them and Mike and Shauna stepped into the apartment.
It looked small and dingy.  Parts of the walls were yellowing.  Mike was very disappointed.  Shauna tugged at him to just leave but Mike looked around a little longer.  He asked the price.
“$750 a month rent.  One month security deposit.  All utilities except electric included,” the woman said apathetically.
“We’ll think about it,” Shauna said.  She just wanted to get out of there.
Mike thanked the lady, took down her number, and then left.
As they were walking back to their car, Shauna said, “No way.  Next stop.”
“There’s gotta be cheap rent in a better neighborhood than this,” Mike said as he got back in his car.
He noticed the surrounding houses looked old.  Some had kids toys scattered all over the lawn.  Others, the grass wasn’t mowed properly.  He definitely did not want to live here.  So he drove to the second on the list.
As they approached, they noticed lots of dangerous looking teenagers hanging out on the street laughing and slapping each others’ hand.  The area looked outright deadly.
Mike thought twice before even getting out of the car.
“L.A. has a lot of gangs in the bad areas.  Let’s just cross this one off,” Shauna warned him.
“Agreed,” Mike said as he looked disapprovingly at the teenage boys.  They looked to have gang symbols like chains or their hats worn a certain way.  Graffiti was all over most of the houses and stores in this area.  The stores looked like they had expired food and cheap products.  Not pleasant places to shop.  Mike was a little startled by the contrast between yesterday and today.
The next two places were the same.  They just drove by, didn’t even exit their vehicle.
“What do you think?” he asked Shauna.
“I think it’s time to get a new paper to do the apartment search with,” she replied.
“I can’t believe there’s so much poverty here.  Why?” Mike asked.  He was speechless.
“It’s a city.  I guess there’s some natural law that says you can’t have good things without bad not too far away.  The good here is so extreme that the bad is so extreme as well,” Shauna replied.  Mike looked at her.  “That’s just my theory,” she told him.
“Well I believe it,” Mike was in a depressed mood the rest of the day.  He really did want this to work out.
They drove back to the better section of the city and ate in a trendy restaurant.
“How much money do we have left?” Shauna asked over an appetizer of bruschetta.
“Just under a thousand,” Mike told her grimly.
“So about a month before we really worry,” Shauna replied.
They went back to their hotel frowning and ordered two more nights stay.

The next morning, Mike took a walk and found a convenience store with a large selection of daily newspapers as well as booklets of homes for rent or roommates wanted.  The roommate thing was out, but they could maybe rent someone’s house.
He brought the newspapers back to the room to show Shauna.  She seemed to perk up a little and think that they would have more luck today.
The first place they tried was very nice and in their price range, but it was so far out of the way from everything.  There were no decent stores or restaurants nearby.
“Our residents like the peace and tranquility,” they were told by the landlord while examining an apartment.
The apartment was nice enough.  Definitely new and remodeled.  The kitchen had new appliances and the paint was fresh.  They put it on their list of maybe.
The second one they looked at was also in a bad part of town.  Even the landlord warned them against renting here.
“You could be mugged or carjacked or have your valuables stolen,” he confided in them.  “Happens a couple times a month around here.”
Shauna thanked him and they went back to their car.  Reality was starting to sink in.  Sure, L.A. had some great spots, but the rich got the most enjoyment out of them.  To be poor in L.A. seemed to be a really, really, bad thing.
The next two places they looked at, they had better luck.  One was on the third floor and had a terrace, but a large tree blocked most of it so they had privacy.  Shauna loved the walk-in closet.
The other place was on the ground floor and more of a bungalow type housing.  You had to enter the complex through a locked gate with a card key.  That made them feel a little safer even though the surrounding area was pretty nice.
Shauna didn’t want to look forever.  After all, they could move next year when they knew the city better or even sooner if the lease allowed.
Finally, they decided on the one with the terrace.  When they filled out their application, they had to admit they just moved here from the East Coast.
That seemed to make the landlady frown, but when they said they just got married, she warmed up a little.
“I’ll tell you what.  Now I don’t do this for everybody, but I like the looks of the two you.  So I’ll cut you a break.  Put you on a month to month lease for now.  You’ll have time to look for jobs and when you’re more certain you can either leave or transfer to a year lease.  Deal?”
“Deal,” Mike and Shauna agreed.
They had their own place, at least for now.  It was exciting.  Mike had never co-habitated with a woman before.  He imagined fights over leaving the toilet seat up or Shauna leaving her panty hose on the shower rod.  But he would love every minute of it.
They paid the deposit and first month, then went back to their hotel to clean up and leave.  They didn’t have much stuff in the way of furniture.  Mike thought about asking his mom to send his computer, the rest of his clothes, and a couple other things.  But not yet.
They got their keys and entered the apartment.  They enjoyed the moment and then put their bags down.
“We’ve got a long way to furnish this place properly,” Shauna said.
“I know,” Mike replied.
“We both need jobs hopefully within a month,” she continued.
“I know.”
“It’s gonna be tough at first.”
“I know.”
“Is that all you can say?”
“No.  Be positive.  We’re in one of the best cities in the country.  Just starting out.  Nowhere to go but up, right?” Mike grinned.
“Right,” Shauna agreed out loud, but inside she was still worried.
Mike insisted on ordering a pizza to celebrate their new place and Shauna agreed.  The delivery was quick and they both stuffed themselves.  They had to sleep on the floor because they didn’t have a bed yet.  But they huddled together and made do.  For Mike, he compared it to camping and then it didn’t seem so bad.
Tomorrow was another day.  A day to begin the job search.  Mike had high hopes.  He couldn’t wait for his adult life, free of college, free of immature peers, to begin.  He smiled to himself and fell into a deep sleep.


  

Chapter 48


Mike and Shauna woke up together.  They smiled uneasily, knowing they had a lot to do ahead of them.  They got ready and dressed quickly.  They promised to apply to at least three places a day until something came along.
Just as they were leaving their apartment, the door across the hall opened and their neighbor walked out.  She eyed them suspiciously.
“Hi, did you two just move in?” the pretty brunette asked.
“Yeah, I’m Shauna.  This is Mike,” Shauna said and held out her hand.
The woman looked down in disgust like she was being offered poison.  “Nice to meet you.  You know I can recommend a gym not to far from here, but then again it might be out of your price range,” she said coldly while eyeing Mike up and down.  Then she continued, “And they have a salon not too far away but it’s only for those who can afford such things,” she said and glared Shauna up and down.
Mike and Shauna were beginning to get annoyed.
“We’re actually on our way out,” Shauna stated.
“Good, so am I.  Maybe stop by and I can recommend someplace you two can buy decent clothes,” the woman said and then returned inside her apartment, slamming the door behind her.  She hadn’t bothered to mention her name.
“Bitch,” Shauna muttered and stormed down the stairs with Mike right behind her.
“Guess we won’t be inviting her over,” Mike laughed, taking the rude neighbor in stride.
“You can say that again,” Shauna replied.
Mike let Shauna have the car.  He would take the bus or a cab.  He already had a couple places in mind.

Shauna had two waitress jobs and one retail job in mind.  The first place she went to was an upscale establishment.  When she asked for the manager, it took almost twenty minutes for her to come out.
The lady looked rude and impatient.  “Yes?” she demanded like Shauna was a waste of life.
“I’m answering the ad for a waitress,” Shauna said chirpily.
“Experience?”
Shauna hesitated.  What was she was going to say?  She had spent the last five years in a carnival sideshow?  Instead she said, “I was an entertainer for five years.  I’m really good at making people comfortable.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard it before.  Fill out an application and we’ll call you if we need you,” the woman muttered and then walked away before Shauna could say anything else.
Shauna felt guilty, like wasting the manager’s time was a federal offense.  But she filled out the application anyway, trying not to embellish but to make it sound like she was right for the job.
The second place she went to, they were even ruder.
“Hi, I’m applying for the open waitress position,” Shauna said amicably.
“Uh-uh,” the host said coldly.  “Are you aware that position has already been filled?”   The tone of the host’s voice seemed to insinuate like Shauna was supposed to automatically and psychically know that already.
“No, I didn’t know that,” Shauna replied.
“Oh, well,” the host sighed.  “We need to be more careful now, don’t we?  Ta-ta.”
Shauna stormed out without looking back.
“Creep,” she muttered aloud as soon as she was outside on the sidewalk.
She was so disgusted with her treatment she forgot about the retail job for the time being and went and had lunch by herself.  She noticed some people staring like she shouldn’t be eating alone.

Meanwhile, Mike’s luck wasn’t any better.  At one of the places, he couldn’t even get the manager to come out or get anyone to give him an application.  At the other, the manger told him very rudely and bluntly that his skills weren’t needed.
Mike met up with Shauna in the evening and they both told each other they had no luck.
“Is it just me, or are people in this town very rude?” Shauna asked.
“It’s not just you,” Mike said.  He was beginning to feel more and more disappointed with Los Angeles.  Not quite the laid-back, happy paradise he hoped for.
But they still were optimistic something would come up within a week, as long as they kept at it.

The second day of trying was more of the same.  “No” said politely and “No” said very rudely.  But no still didn’t pay the bills.  Mike convinced Shauna to try going to a nightclub with him to relieve some stress.
They put on their best outfits and found one that they could get in to.  Inside, all they saw were sex crazed guys looking for one night stands and shallow, vapid girls who would do it with anyone who drove the right car.  A couple guys hit on Shauna and when Mike told him he was her husband, they looked aghast, made nasty remarks, and stormed off.
“Maybe this isn’t the best place for married people,” Mike whispered to her an hour later.
All the girls looked so full of themselves, like they would step on you just as soon as tell you what time it was.  And the guys looked creepy.  So they left.
They ended up stopping at a Chinese restaurant where the manager was cursing out the waiters so loudly it ruined the meal for Shauna and Mike.
“It’s a shame,” Mike said, while driving back to their apartment. “A beautiful city with beautiful weather and so much hatred.”
“Tell me about it,” Shauna muttered.
They passed the rude neighbor on their way upstairs.  She looked all gussied up like she was ready for an all-night party.
“Getting back so soon?” she asked, with faked pity.
“Yeah, we need to get in before the witches start running amok,” Shauna replied and made an obvious glance at the neighbor’s sparing cleavage.
“Listen blondie.  I was gonna try and help you.  Maybe a new hairdo and a new wardrobe, you might be the least bit appealing.  But now nevermind,” the neighbor said and stormed off before Mike or Shauna could think of a comeback.
Mike and Shauna both went to bed in rotten moods.  Other people’s negativity were rubbing off on them and they didn’t like it.

The next morning, they went out searching again.  This time Mike took the car and Shauna took public transportation.  Mike went to several places with no luck.  They didn’t even hear him out.  They just took one look at him, his age, saw he was a college dropout, saw his obviously not being a native Los Angeleno, and automatically dismissed him.  He went home early, feeling depressed.
Shauna came home with some good news though.
“I got a job,” she exclaimed as soon as she walked in the door.
“Great,” Mike leapt up and hugged her.  “Where?”
“A perfume girl at the mall.  It’s not much, but I get commission if I get sales,” Shauna seemed to be excited.
“Well one job is better than none, right,” Mike said.
“Right,” Shauna replied.
“When do you start?”
“Tomorrow,” Shauna replied.
“Then we have to celebrate.  Let’s go out to dinner.  The refrigerator’s empty anyway,” Mike suggested.
Shauna agreed and they tried a small Mexican restaurant.  The staff wasn’t nearly as friendly as the place they went to their first week in L.A.  When it was obvious Shauna and Mike weren’t fluent in Spanish, the staff was indignant.  They took forever bringing the food out and then tried to overcharge them.
When Mike pointed out the overcharge, he was accused of lying.  Finally, the waiter relented and corrected the price.  Mike and Shauna left swearing to never return to that restaurant again.
“I’m starting to feel this is one nasty place,” Mike said as he got in the car to go home.
“We have to at least give it a chance.  We paid a month’s rent already,” Shauna replied.
“Okay.  Good luck on your job tomorrow,” Mike said as he drove away from the restaurant.
They both went to bed early.  Shauna had to be at the store at eleven a.m.  In the morning, she put on her best outfit and left smiling.  Mike wished her luck.  They’d need it.  The bills were piling up and the money was running out.




Chapter 49


Shauna arrived at work early and ready to start the day.  A couple of the other salesgirls introduced themselves and then the manager showed her the products she would try to sell and where she would be standing.  Shauna’s task was to try and get people walking past to use perfume samples and then hopefully buy a bottle.
Whatever they spent on actual bottles, Shauna would get a commission.  Seemed easy enough.  Shauna spent a couple minutes testing some of the perfumes on herself.  Most of them smelled nice.  Only one she really didn’t like.
The store opened and customers slowly started trickling in.   Shauna tried to stop one, but they kept walking without even looking at her.  Several more people walked by and pretended not to see her.  Then one lady came by and made Shauna give her samples of every single perfume offered. Then the lady walked away and didn’t buy a thing.  Shauna sighed.  She almost missed her days as Zelda.
But she was determined to succeed in the real world.  But by lunchtime, so many people had said no or been rude, she was beginning to feel discouraged.  Over lunch, she talked to some of the other salesgirls about it.  The others were in the watch section or the earring section.
“Look, Mr. Lancaster always gives the girls he doesn’t like the perfume position.  Because he knows it annoys most of our customers,” one of the girls told Shauna.
“You know, you don’t have to stay if you don’t want to,” another girl said to Shauna, obviously intended as an insult.
But Shauna persevered through the whole first day and went home feeling dejected.

Mike was sitting on a small chair he bought when Shauna walked in.
“How was it?” he asked.
“Not so good.  I only got one sale.  Some old lady who I think did it out of pity,” Shauna explained.
“Oh, well maybe you’ll have some better days.  Every day can’t be a success,” Mike shrugged.
“Yeah,” Shauna sighed.
Then she went in the bathroom and took a long, hot bath.  She came out in her bathrobe.
Mike told her he was tired of wasting trips to be told no, so he was going to call ahead first or find a computer and apply online.  He tried a couple but either they weren’t hiring or they said he didn’t have enough training.
Both of them started to get the feeling things weren’t going to go as well in L.A. as they hoped.  Mike had been thinking of something.  He mentioned it to Shauna.
“You know, Thanksgiving is next week,” he told her.
“You want to do something?”
“Yeah, but I don’t know what.  I’m used to family get togethers with home-cooked food,” Mike said.
“It’s a big city.  They probably have several turkey specials or events planned around town,” Shauna told him.
“I know, it’s just the more I think, the more I miss Connecticut,” Mike said.
“You want to go back?”
“Nah,” Mike shrugged off the suggestion.
Shauna sighed and went to blow dry her hair.

The next day Shauna got no sales and people seemed even ruder.  A girl, who was stationed within hearing and seeing distance, was having success though.  She made obvious attempts to rub it in Shauna’s face that she wasn’t selling.
‘Jeez, just a small department store and the girls are still so catty and conniving’ Shauna told herself.  Oh well, she didn’t have to be friends with her co-workers.  She just had to tolerate hem.
The next few days were bad for Mike and Shauna.  Everywhere they went, they just sensed rudeness.  People were so superficial.  It was obvious they only cared about what was on the outside and their own selfish interests.
The waiters and waitresses were rude, the cashiers everywhere were rude, everyone was just so rude.  Shauna started thinking it was something that was her fault.
During her first week of work, she made about three sales, which came to just a few dollars above a minimum wage paycheck.  No one would even look at Mike.
“This isn’t good,” Mike sighed as he was figuring their budget.
“I can apply elsewhere,” Shauna suggested.
“You know what I’ve been thinking,” Mike asked.
“What?”
“We leave this dump of a town.  And go home to my family,” Mike suggested.
“Your mother has a bedroom for me?” Shauna asked doubtfully.
“We’re not gonna stay there.  Just until we get jobs and move out.   At least people know me back in Connecticut.  Someone’s liable to put in a good word,” Mike said.
“But you said you liked California and the West,” Shauna wanted to make sure he was serious.
“Not the people.  Once the awe of all the tourist attractions wears off, what do you have left?  A dump,” Mike told her.
“If that’s the way you feel, I wouldn’t mind moving as long as our landlord will let us.  I’m not that happy here either,” Shauna admitted.
“Then it’s settled.   Maybe we can make it back to Connecticut in time for Thanksgiving.”
“It’s two days away!” Shauna protested.
“Then we better get started,” Mike said.
He went to the landlord’s office.  She was very understanding and said she would give the whole security deposit back since they barely touched the place. Shauna told her boss she was leaving.  He didn’t even seem to care.

“There’s no way we’re driving back again,” Shauna said to Mike later that day.  “Sell the car and get a plane ticket as fast as you can.”
“Dionne won’t mind?”
“I’ll get her a really nice Christmas present then.  The car’s not even worth much,” Shauna insisted.
Mike agreed.  He made arrangements to sell the car and was happy to get about a thousand for it. Between that and the security refund, they had some money to last a little while.
Luckily, they were able to book seats on a plane from LAX to JFK Airport in New York.  The only problem was the flight was Thanksgiving Day and they had to leave Los Angeles around two in the morning to get to New York by noon eastern time.
Shauna said it was better than nothing so Mike booked the seats.
They cleaned up their apartment, felt sorry they couldn’t have stayed, then took their few bags in a taxi to the apartment.  It was a clear, warm night.
Mike mentally said good-bye to Los Angeles as they rode to LAX.  The nighttime lights of the city were pretty despite what lay beyond them.  L.A. was overhyped, in his opinion.  He couldn’t see what was so great about living there.  Maybe if they struck it rich one day, they would try again.  Then they could live in better places and get into a better crowd of people.  But until then, it was good-bye.  The past few weeks had been a learning experience.  But he was looking forward to going home and seeing his old neighborhood and sleeping in his own bed.
And the best part was, he now had someone to go home with.




Chapter 50


After all the commotion of checking in their bags and getting their boarding pass, Mike and Shauna finally settled into their seats on the plane.  Mike took the window seat.  Fortunately, no one else sat next to them.
Shauna tried her best to relax and Mike daydreamed about what he was going to do his first week back home.  He certainly had quite an adventure the past two months.  One whose memories would last a lifetime.  But now it was over.  Two of the bad guys dead, and three in jail.  Not bad for two months on the run.
Mike thought about showing Shauna around town.  No one had to know about her “little problem”.  It wasn’t even noticeable in clothing. And they were married so to him personally, it didn’t matter at all.  He fell in love with her heart.  The poor girl from the sideshow who always got the short end of the stick.  But she still managed to stay so beautiful and keep her faith in life.  He hoped the marriage would last forever.
The plane took off.  Mike felt it lift off and then looked out the window as the buildings got smaller and smaller.  Soon they looked like little blips on a map.  He put his seat back and relaxed.  It was going to be a long flight.  Shauna read a magazine silently beside him.
The plane food was horrible and Mike refused it.  Shauna took a diet Coke, though.  Mike looked down and wondered which state they were over.  It was too dark to tell.  The plane ride was smooth.  There wasn’t any turbulence or unexpected delays.
Soon, they were landing in the dreary November days of the New York metro region.  The sky was overcast and there was a light rain falling.  Mike wondered how everyone would react when he just showed up on Thanksgiving.  It was usually at his house.  He hoped this year was the same.  He wanted to surprise everybody.

The plane landed smoothly and the young couple exited the boarding ramp.  They got their luggage and then since Shauna was older, she was the one who gave her ID to rent the car.  Mike drove it however.
“Are you sure we should just pop in like this?  Your mom hates me,” Shauna sighed.
Mike rolled his eyes.  “She does not hate you.”
“She wasn’t nice that night we had dinner.  I could tell she disapproved,” Shauna said.
“She’s just overbearing and worried about me getting hurt,” Mike told her.
Shauna sighed.
“Cheer up.  It’s Thanksgiving,” Mike said and nudged her in the side.
Shauna smiled and leaned over and said, “You know I haven’t had a real family style Thanksgiving since I was a little girl.  I hope your family is nice to me.”
“They will be,” Mike reassured her.
An hour and a half later, they were in Mike’s neighborhood.  After being away for so long, it seemed eerie.  Like he didn’t belong anymore.  But it was only two months.  He passed the grounds where the carnival had set up way back in September.
This day, it looked cold and forlorn.  Some old abandoned newspapers rolled and swayed in the breeze.
The air was cold and sky was dreary and dark.  It would probably be this way for a few more months.  Mike arrived outside his house and pulled into the driveway.  To his delight, Thanksgiving was at his house this year.
He could see all his relatives in the window laughing and having a good time.  It looked so warm and inviting inside.  He turned off the engine and took a deep breath.
“I hope they don’t hate me,” Shauna said as they got out of the car.
They walked up the front steps, both very nervous, especially Mike.  How was his mother going to react after not seeing each other for two months?  He pushed aside his fears and opened the door.
All talk and activity came to a screeching halt as soon as Mike and Shauna entered the room.
“Mike!” one of his cousins exclaimed.  “You’re back!”
“Hi,” Mike waved sheepishly.
Shauna nodded.
“I see you brought your girlfriend,” Mike’s mother said.
“She’s not my girlfriend.  She’s my wife,” Mike told the stunned audience.
“Little Mikey’s married?!” another cousin exclaimed in disbelief.
Everyone started gathering upon them asking so many questions, Mike and Shauna couldn’t even answer them all.  Mike didn’t tell them about all their brushes with danger.  He just said they had decided to go away for awhile and rethink their future.  Once everyone calmed down, Wilma walked over to Shauna and held out her hand.  Shauna shook it.  Her handshake was warm.
“Welcome to the family,” Wilma told Shauna.
“Thanks,” Shauna smiled.
“Well, dinner’s almost served.  Do you like turkey and ham?” Wilma asked.
“Love it,” Shauna replied.
“Well make yourself at home,” Wilma told Shauna and then went to bring out the main course.
As everyone helped themselves to cranberries, sweet potatoes, yams, stuffing, and all the other Thanksgiving fare, one of Mike’s uncles walked up to him.
“Congratulations,” he said, shaking Mike’s hand firmly.
“Thanks,” Mike thought.
He was home again.  The danger in their lives was gone.  And he was married and not even twenty.  He didn’t know what the coming years had in store for him but something would work out.  He may not have much money, as most kids at his school used to judge people’s worth by.  But he had something better.  A wife who was more than just a sexual partner.  Someone who was a friend and a companion.  Someone who cared.  He no longer cared what anyone else thought of him or Shauna.  He knew, in his eyes, he was, a winner.



THE END

