SILVERBLADE


A Silverblade novel





by Bella Jeanisse

Published by Bella Jeanisse

COPYRIGHT © 2018 by Bella Jeanisse

Published by Bella Jeanisse at Smashwords

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher: copyright@bellajeanisse.com


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work, which have been used without permission. The publication/ use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


Cover Design by https://chloebellearts.blogspot.ca/
Editing by Anita Maynard


Visit bellajeanisse.com for more information about the author and her works.

BELLA’S BOOKS

Triple Threat:
Reckless
Tragic Soul
Triple Threat
Triple Time
Rubbed Raw
Raw Reunion
Chasing Chad
Dual Desires
Desires Delivered

Wicked End:
Wicked End
Passionate Needs
Sinful Needs
Fulfilling Needs
Prelude to a Wicked Wedding

Gasoline:
Gasoline
Persistent Urges
Evolving Urges
Forever Urges
Final Urges

Silverblade:
Silverblade


In the works:
Unexpected Romance (Silverblade Book 2)
Brass Monkey
Mark of the Devil
Hands of Fate
Winter Winds
Wounded Hearts


Velocity Series:
Rockin’ Rhythm – Ash’s book
Shredding Dreams – Ian’s book

In the works:
Silver Strings – Bryce’s book
Driving Reigns – Leo’s book


Erotic Tales:
Double Dominance
Insatiable Appetites

PREFACE

It's not easy to make a comeback, but it's even harder when your heart’s not in it. When Shane first came to me, he was obviously broken. I needed to know why. That meant he needed his own book. It turned into something much more.

In this book you will meet the remnants of Silverblade. Shane and Carter are recovering addicts, inspired by their bandmates’ overdose. Shane is still knee deep in grief. His bandmates and his best friend’s widow, Patty, do all they can to help Shane cope with the pain and guilt. However, it seems he’ll never recover… until a talented bassist opens his eyes to a new beginning.

DEDICATION

Music is supposed to bring out emotion. Is it any wonder it’s my biggest inspiration? Those of you who have read my other books know that I’m a live music addict. Those concerts sometimes trigger ideas that turn into something I never expected. The same is true of rocker’s real life’s struggles. I want to thank the musicians who tell us about the struggle through their lyrics.

My biggest influences for this book were: Papa Roach, Puddle of Mudd, Three Days Grace, Pop Evil, Nickelback, Shinedown and as always Avenged Sevenfold.

How can I forget my awesome team? Kathy, Sandy, Traci, Anita, Patricia, Donna, Sonia, LaDonna, Christa, Stephanie, Lisa, April, the Donna and Stephanie duo, Coralee, SG, Ruby, Camillie and Amy. No matter where you fit in, I appreciate all your efforts!

Remember, many are struggling with addiction. They need our support and sometimes our intervention. Tell an addict you still love them. They just might need to hear it.

MEET THE BANDS

SILVERBLADE:
Shane Martin - Lead Vocals/Rhythm Guitar
Kyle Savage - Drums
Carter Keys - Lead Guitar

GASOLINE:
Dominic Spinelli - Lead Guitar
Dean Johnson - Vocals/Rhythm Guitar
Jon Harris - Drums
Tommy Fischer - Bass

WICKED END:
Brandon Knight - Lead Guitar
Jake Thompson - Vocals
Chico Rivera - Drums
Scott Mason - Bass
Austin Reese - Rhythm Guitar

TRIPLE THREAT:
Chad McLoughlin - Lead Guitar
Chris Bradley - Vocals
Giovanni Saracino - Drums
Crystal Atkinson - Bass


CHAPTER ONE

Shane Martin sat in his car, unsure if he was doing the right thing. He gripped the steering wheel while his mind spun. Nothing mattered anymore. A year prior, he’d been the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of Silverblade. That seemed like a lifetime ago. He wasn’t sure what his future held.
He glanced up and caught his reflection in the rearview mirror. The bags under his eyes were commonplace. The red that rimmed his blue irises showed the lack of sleep. His gaze shifted and landed on a familiar house.
His vehicle sat in the driveway of Patricia Hudson, a childhood friend who went by Patty. A year ago, he’d promised to stay in touch and take care of her. He wasn’t sure he could anymore. The reminders killed him on every visit.
Resigned to follow through on his promise, he opened the car door and stepped out into the August heat. Summer in New York could be brutal. That year was no exception. Like him, Patty lived in Long Beach, New York, which was on Long Island.
Dressed in all black, the sun beat on his back. Since high school, he followed his own path. The good thing was he didn’t go it alone.
“Hey, Shane.” Patty hugged him as soon as she opened the front door. “Was afraid you changed your mind.” She took in his tired expression. “Still have insomnia?”
He held her loosely. He still saw her as his best friend’s wife. “Yeah, I’ll be OK.”
To soothe him, she ran her fingers through his long, dark hair. The gray had become even more prominent than the last time she’d seen him. It looked good on him, but she knew it made him self-conscious. She wanted to dye it, but he didn’t seem to want to change anything at all.
Shane suddenly stepped back and followed her into the living room. Instantly, memories began to surface. He stared at the couch. Patty hadn’t had the heart to replace it even though she never sat on it. His last memory of Troy Hudson, his best friend and his band’s bassist, haunted him.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Hours Before Troy’s Death…

“Troy’s at it again,” Patty complained when Shane answered the phone. “They’re calling the cops if someone doesn’t go get him.”
Shane sighed and sat up in bed. “I got it.” He glanced at his girlfriend, Amber. She was sleeping off a bender they’d gone on. “Give me a few to… uh… change.” He almost said sober up. “I’ll bring him home as soon as I can.” “Troy’s at it” meant Troy had gotten into a fight and was either still causing trouble or hurt.
After a cold shower, two cups of coffee and a few slaps to the face, Shane headed to Troy’s favorite bar. They’d hung out there before they were famous. Since Silverblade became popular, only Troy took the chance of being recognized. The rest of the band chose places with security, just in case.
He drove with a scowl. Troy left rehab less than a week ago. He’d already reverted to the usual stunts. It didn’t help that he’d signed himself out after two weeks.
Once he arrived, Shane found Troy passed out at the end of the bar. He glanced up at the bartender. “Whiskey or Tequila?”
“Tequila.”
Shane groaned. That meant Troy would be puking soon enough. He grabbed Troy by the arm and dragged him to his car. “Why can’t you handle shit like I do?” He dumped him in the passenger seat and shook his head. “You don’t see me passing out in bars and fucking with everyone anymore. Do you?”
The last fight Shane had involved Brandon Knight of Wicked End, over drugs. Shane didn’t remember many details. The only thing he recalled was his fury. Brandon was upset that Shane and Troy were doing lines of cocaine just offstage when already quite high.
That night had taught Shane a lot. It’d been the opening day of their first headlining tour. Less than an hour after the fight, Troy had passed out right on stage. He’d broken his bass and received a concussion.
That had started Troy’s downfall. When he’d gone further downhill, constantly high, they’d forced him into rehab. Maybe that’s why it didn’t work.
When Shane pulled into Troy’s driveway, he turned off the car and glanced at Troy again. He snored, oblivious to his own destructive behavior. Cuts and bruises speckled his face. Beyond aggravated, Shane stepped out. Within a minute, he walked up the stairs to Troy’s home with Troy over his shoulder.
Patty had the front door open before Shane knocked. She was a nervous wreck. He hated that Troy put her through hell. “He’s out like a light.” With a grunt, he dropped Troy on the couch. “You should put a bucket next to him… tequila.”
“I don’t know how much longer I can do this.” Patty was in tears.
Shane grabbed her arms. “Don’t say that.”
“You don’t understand. He does this all the time. I can’t live like this. Every night, I wonder if he’ll come home at all. I can’t keep doing this. Look at him.”
“Um…” Thinking was complicated. Shane wasn’t as sober as he seemed. “Getting clean’s not easy.”
She looked up at him with tears still on her cheeks. “You did it.”
“No, I didn’t,” he admitted softly.
The next morning, Patty called to say Troy was dead. Shane felt guilty as if he should have known something was amiss. He had no idea Troy had also taken high doses of numerous drugs. If he’d known, instead of bringing him home, he would have gone to a hospital.
It took him months to let that guilt go. He still carried a piece of it. It was the biggest reason the band was no more.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Present Day…

“You OK?” Patty laid a hand on Shane’s arm.
He shook his head to force the memory away. “Uh, yeah, just crap goin’ through my mind.”
“I know what you mean.” Patty led the way to the large balcony in the rear of the house. She used that in the warm months instead of the living room. “Has she finally stopped calling?” She sat in a cushioned wicker rocker.
Shane knew she meant his druggie ex-girlfriend, Amber. “Yeah.” He sat next to her and sighed. They’re all alike.
His response almost made her grin. The bitch finally gave up. Amber had wreaked havoc on his life and jaded him to a point. The first few months back from rehab, she’d checked on him twice a day.
At one point, he’d fallen into a depression, which improved with therapy. From his behavior, he might be regressing into it. I’m not gonna let that happen.
Although he hid some things from most people, he couldn’t hide much from her. She had known immediately when he’d found out Amber had given him a curable STD. It embarrassed him he’d been stupid enough to trust her.
After his ex, Lacey, had screwed him over, she thought he would be more careful. His constant state of high had allowed his guard to come down.
She wanted to wipe the streets with most of his exes. Amber had stolen from him and lied about almost everything. Patty had known it, but he hadn’t been able to accept it. Once he’d gotten sober, he saw it all.
“You’ll find someone who’s stable and has your best interests at heart.” She palmed his cheek to show how much she cared. “She’s out there.”
He shook his head. “Doubt it. They all want something from me. Fuck relationships. Fuck women.” He glanced up sheepishly. “That doesn’t include you.” He smiled when she did. “No woman is like you. You’re one in a million.” He took a deep breath. She can never know I’m attracted to her. It’s just wrong. “Can we change the subject?”
“Sure.” She sat back. “I wanna auction off most of Troy’s guitars and start a charity to help young people get clean...”
She’d hoped to avoid tears, but it didn’t seem to be possible. After she took a few deep breaths, she met his eyes.
“Before it’s too late.” She wanted to ease his pain, but she wasn’t sure if her idea would make it better or worse. “Will you be on the board and help out some?”
“Of course.” It was the least Shane could do. “It’s not like I have anything else to do.” He’d done nothing for the past year, except kick drugs and alcohol. Rehab was tough but worth it. “I can donate some stuff, and I’m sure the other guys will, too. If you want, we can sign autographs. I think we still have some fans.”
She rolled her eyes. “You think you still have fans? Shane, they play Silverblade’s music on the radio all the time. Your fans never gave up. Don’t you read the things people post? They’re hoping for a new record.”
“It’s over.” Shane looked past the railing, at Reynolds Channel beyond. The calm water didn’t soothe him as it usually did. “I can’t move on like nothing happened.” The night Silverblade finished their last album flooded his mind. He wished he could forget it.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Eighteen Months Before Troy’s Death…

“Dude, one more,” Troy insisted, as he held out a small mirror with lines of cocaine on it.
Shane shook his head. “I’m fucked up enough as it is.” He stumbled into a wall and sighed. “We trash another hotel room and the label’s gonna drop us.” They were under one of the largest record labels in the country, who were not amused by the band’s usual antics.
“Your loss,” Troy grinned and finished them all.
Shocked, Shane gaped at him. “Are you fuckin’ nuts?” Troy had already done too much. “I think you had enough.” He swiped the mirror away.
“Fine.” Troy grabbed a bottle of whiskey and guzzled it. “This works, too.”
Kyle Savage, their drummer and only non-addict, yanked the bottle from Troy’s hand. “You have had enough.”
“Party pooper.” Troy laughed and shoved Shane which forced them both off balance.
Kyle caught them. “You guys need to chill. No more.” He grabbed Troy by the arms and directed him to one of the beds. “Sleep it off, man.”
Shane watched as Troy’s eyes rolled back, then he was still. “Now we can bring in the girls. His sorry ass woulda got them all high.” Laughter filled the room. “Dumbass can’t hold his liquor anyway.”
About an hour later, Dave Connor, their guitar tech, stood next to the bed. He looked down at Troy. “I don’t think he’s breathin’.” He shook Troy as he looked up at Carter Keys, the lead guitarist. “Hey! I’m not kiddin’. Troy! Wake the fuck up!”
Shane was on the other bed with a groupie. “He’s fakin’ it.”
“No he’s not.” Kyle knelt on the bed. “He’s got a faint pulse. Oh shit!”
The next few hours were a blur. They rushed Troy to the hospital. He’d overdosed for at least the fourth time in his life. He spent several days there but refused rehab. It forced Shane and Carter to cut down their drug use. However, alcohol became more prevalent. It didn’t slow Troy down one bit.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Present Day…

“You’re not listening, are you?” Patty shook her head.
She frowned at Shane, lost in thought. She worried about him. The past year was hardest on him somehow. Her grief had consumed her, but she’d seen Troy’s death coming. Depressed more often than not, he’d refused to stop using.
She’d begged him many times to get clean. They had wanted to have children, but she opposed it until he could stay sober. She regretted that. Although she’d expected him to do something stupid, she’d hoped he would change.
Her eyes drifted back to Shane. He had always been there for her and Troy. She’d met Troy and Shane at the same time, in Junior High School. The bond between them had been evident even at that age. She hadn’t felt like a third wheel, though. They had included her as one of the guys.
Troy had been sweet, but Shane’s blue eyes had caught her attention. Shane looked at her as solely a friend, so she’d never pursued him. When Troy had asked her out, she hadn’t hesitated. They had been close even before they’d started dating.
Shane had been just a crush. Troy had been easy to fall in love with. They’d shared many firsts together. If he hadn’t gotten into drugs, they might have had a fairytale life.
It was odd how much Troy and Shane had in common. Except for their eye color, they looked somewhat alike and were both six feet tall. Both were model level hot and inked. However, Shane had fewer tattoos. Each one meant something special to him.
She’d encouraged them both to pose for calendars and posters in almost nothing. When the opportunity to pose for Playgirl arose, she’d pushed them to agree to it. Many of those pictures were on her laptop in a secure folder. Some were unpublished full nudes.
The first time she’d seen Shane naked, her mouth dropped. Her husband had been hot but not well-endowed like Shane. After that, she’d fantasized about a threesome. Troy had been quite possessive, so it stayed just that. Still, she’d imagined it often. When they’d been away, she used that to get herself off.
Patty shook the carnal thoughts of her husband’s best friend from her mind. “Shane? Shane? Earth to Shane.”
His head snapped around. “Huh?”
“I lost you for a while there.” Patty laughed. “Hope you were thinking of something good.” She bit her bottom lip and blushed as his naked image came to mind again.
Shane closed his eyes. “Not really.” He took a deep breath before he met her gaze. “What were you saying?”
“Troy would’ve wanted you guys to move on.” Patty swallowed. It was difficult to hold her tears back. Memories of Troy replaced her lustful vision. “He’d be pissed if he knew you’re still grieving. Find a replacement and finish the tour you started.”
With a frown, he shrugged. “We can’t just do that. The label let us go.” He toyed with his bottom lip. “I kinda told them we’d never play again.”
“Any label would be lucky to have you,” she assured him. He obviously wasn’t convinced, so she sat on the bench with him. “Do you realize how many people got sober because of Troy’s death? And because you and Carter went public with your recovery? You’re gonna let that go to waste? Your fans need you.”
He stood and walked into the house. Life overwhelmed him again. Troy would have found a way to continue their dream if anyone else would have died.
Shane knew they’d already helped people. They received messages online all the time from fans that were sober because of them. They posted pictures of their AA coins sometimes as well. He’d never looked at them, but Kyle mentioned them often.
Patty sighed and followed Shane. She watched him sit at the kitchen table before he held his head in his hands. As silently as possible, she passed him and retrieved her laptop from the office. When she came back, he hadn’t moved. She pulled up Troy’s tribute page and turned the laptop toward him.
“Have you seen this?” She waited for him to look up. “Check out the comments.”
Begrudgingly, Shane glanced at the screen. He had the page added to their website, but he’d done nothing other than approving the final structure.
After he read only a few comments, he was in awe. There were emotional confessions, messages of gratitude, words of encouragement for them, and many said they hoped the band could move on. He barely held back tears. Patty knew him well. It was what he needed to see. The fans wanted them to move on.
“Do one tour.” Patty laid a hand on Shane’s arm. “If it’s too much, then quit.”
He shook his head. “Can’t.”
Absently, he clicked on the photos page. Instead of closing the browser, he scrolled through them. He hadn’t looked at pictures in months. In most, he and Troy were smiling. The ones of them onstage made him grin.
Happy memories filled his mind. He saw them as they sang together, joked around, and interacted with the audience. Troy had loved to rile the crowd up at shows. He would throw his shirt in the pit after he’d shoved it down his pants. Girls were crazy about him.
Even with his drug and alcohol use, Troy had stayed faithful to Patty. Maybe that’s why he couldn’t deal sober? Shane glanced at Patty. Nah. Troy had loved her more than Shane thought possible. They’d been together since they were 14. Both had helped Shane through a lot of rough shit. It was his turn to pay them back.
Patty reached over and clicked on a video she didn’t recognize. It was likely taken with a phone. She smiled when Shane and Troy came into focus, Troy’s arm was over Shane’s shoulder.
“This guy.” Troy pointed to Shane. “This is my best fuckin’ friend in the whole world.” It was obvious they’d been at a bar, drinking heavily. “No matter what, he’s got my back.” Troy turned and kissed Shane’s cheek. “Love you, man.”
A tear rolled down Shane’s face. He remembered the night well. They’d been in a bar somewhere in the Midwest after an early gig. The other patrons hadn’t appreciated their rowdiness or vulgar language.
After they commandeered a corner of the establishment, they’d had a ball and took video of most of it. That had bitten them in the ass for a few weeks. Once the buzz died down, the videos were reposted for the fans.
Tours were fun, most of the time. Sometimes it became quite lonely, which was why he hadn’t been able to resist groupies. He missed playing. Since he was a young child, he loved to sing and play guitar.
“I’ll try.” Shane held Patty’s hand. “OK? That’s all I can offer.”
Patty smiled. “Good. Talk to him if you have to.”


CHAPTER TWO

When Shane pulled up to his home, he noticed Kyle’s bike in the driveway. He parked his Mazda RX-8 next to it and prepared for another speech. Kyle wanted Shane to get help for his depression. Always the level-headed one, Kyle looked out for them all.
Kyle and Carter had become part of Shane, Troy, and Patty’s circle in high school. It’d been a no brainier to start a band together with Patty as their only groupie. After that, they’d gone on a wild ride to stardom. Their friendship had never faltered, no matter what happened. Shane was lucky to have such amazing people in his life.
“Where’ve you been?” Kyle got to his feet from his seat on the stairs.
Shane sighed. “Patty’s. She wants to start a charity in Troy’s name.”
“Cool idea.” Kyle followed Shane to the front door. “I didn’t ring the bell. She home?”
After a glance at his friend, Shane replied, “No. Still at her mom’s. She’s mad at me.”
“What else’s new?” Kyle chuckled as they entered the large house. “She’s ungrateful.” He wandered into the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the refrigerator. They were there solely for Shane’s friends. “So… did Patty mention the tour with Gasoline?”
Shane glared at him. “This is your idea?”
“Nope.” Kyle put a hand up. “She heard about it all on her own. Rumors been flying around for a few weeks now. She asked me to talk to you about it. No way in hell was I doin’ that. You’d clock me.”
The image made Shane smile. “Probably. She didn’t mention Gasoline but said we should just do one tour.” He leaned on a wall and sighed. “I dunno.”
“It’s cool.” Kyle put his elbows on the island counter. “Don’t rush it.” He smirked. “Tommy Fisher sent me some pictures a few hours ago. They did some show in Michigan last night.” He took a long pull from his beer bottle. “Said he met this crazy-ass set of twins. You won’t believe what they did to him.” He and Tommy, Gasoline’s bassist, kept in touch, although Shane had turned down the tour offer.
Shane couldn’t imagine Tommy fighting off twins. “You sure it wasn’t Dominic? He’s the timid one.” Dominic Spinelli was Gasoline’s lead guitarist.
“That’d be a sight to see. Dominic and two chicks.” Kyle leaned his head on his arm in hysterics. “Almost as funny as getting Troy to do a groupie.”
“Yeah.” Shane couldn’t envision that either. “At least he let them down easy.”
Kyle rose to his feet again and headed to the living room. “Come on. Let me show you the pictures.”
They stood in front of Shane’s desktop. Kyle easily connected the wide screen television to the video output. Then they both sat on the couch with the wireless keyboard and mouse.
“You goin’ to Tommy’s birthday party next week?” Shane asked.
Kyle nodded. “Wouldn’t miss it. You know how those parties get. Carter’s going, too.” He paused. “You’re not?”
“Wasn’t going to.” Shane sunk into the couch. “I haven’t done anything social since-”
“Yeah.” Kyle wished he could help. “Why don’t you just stop by? You can leave before the insanity starts.”
Shane shrugged. “Maybe.”
“Let me know.” Kyle started a slide show. “Noelle Young, mmm. That chick can sing.” He licked his lips. “Sexy as hell, too.”
Shane chuckled. “And cold as ice.” He’d hit on her many times over the years. She’d always turned him down. “You’ll never get under her skirt.”
“Whoa!” Kyle’s mouth dropped. On the screen was a picture taken at the Michigan afterparty. Dominic Spinelli had an arm over Noelle Young’s shoulders. “No fuckin’ way!”
“Maybe they’re just talking?”
Kyle rolled his eyes. “She’s giving him that look. The ‘fuck me’ look.”
“You’re seeing things.” It seemed innocent to Shane.
“Wow!” Kyle glanced at Shane. “When was the last time you got some pussy?”
Shane’s cheeks heated. “I dunno.”
“Damn, I gotta hook you up.” Kyle knew his friend hadn’t been with anyone since Troy had passed. It was written all over his face. “We’ll go out somewhere.”
Without an answer, Shane stared at the television. Pictures went by slowly. He missed performing. He also missed the adrenaline rush the crowd gave him and even the craziness backstage was something he found nowhere else. Maybe Patty’s right.
Suddenly, Tommy Fischer’s voice came from the speakers. “Check out this band.” He panned the camera to the stage. “Ain’t Crystal hot?”
Kyle cocked an eyebrow. “Female bassists are awesome. Too bad we didn’t do that gig. Woulda loved to tap that.”
“She’s like ten years younger than you.” Shane laughed. “What’s your obsession with teenagers?”
“That’s no teenager.” Kyle pointed at the scantily dressed musician. “That’s all woman. Maybe you should hook up with a younger chick.”
Shane shook his head. “That’d look real good. I can’t, not that young.”
“Can you believe this?” Tommy said on the screen, shirtless. The camera faced the bus’ bathroom mirror. “I think they fucked up some of my tattoos.”
Kyle cracked up. “Oh shit! Tommy got fucked up. Hope that heals.”
Shane couldn’t help but smile. Tommy was a playboy. Him being overpowered by two women was too funny. Many scenes flashed by. Crazy things they’d all done and things that had happened on tours. If we found a bassist, would it be the same?
“Maybe I’ll go,” Shane blurted out.
Confused, Kyle turned his head. “Go where?”
“Tommy’s party.” Shane exhaled loudly. “It could be fun.”
Kyle slapped Shane’s arm. “That’s the spirit.” He watched Shane’s demeanor for a while. “What about looking for a bassist?”
Unsure, Shane fidgeted. He was torn between getting their lives back on track and the guilt wanting that caused. Patty’s words returned to him. Maybe Troy wants us to go on without him.
“We can start, but he’s gotta fit just right.” Shane felt that was impossible, but they had to at least try. “What about putting a post on the website and sharing it on social media?”
Kyle grinned. “Sounds good. I’ll get that up tonight.”


CHAPTER THREE

The day after Tommy’s birthday party, Shane was still thinking about it. The talk he’d had with Dominic Spinelli had opened his eyes. If Dominic can move on after losing his wife, then I can put more effort into the search for a bassist.
Dominic’s words had sunk in: “It’s turning the page and starting a new chapter.” Dominic was quite insightful. If they replaced Troy, it wouldn’t mean they’d forgotten him.
Shane still worried he couldn’t handle it if they found a bassist. He needed to unload on someone. Less than an hour earlier, he’d put in a call to Kyle, Patty, Dominic, and Carter. None of them had answered. The voicemails he’d left asked if they had time to talk.
On the couch in his living room, Shane leaned back and closed his eyes. He searched his mind for someone else he could talk to. Maybe I should take a ride to Dominic’s place in Jersey.
A rumble made Shane’s eyes open. He listened to the motorcycle until it was close enough to recognize it. Kyle. A smile on his face, Shane jumped up. Just as he opened the front door, Kyle pulled into the driveway.
After he cut the engine, Kyle waved at Shane on his porch. “Sorry I didn’t call or text you back. I was busy.” He started up the stairs to the main level with a grin.
“What’s her name?” Shane knew his bandmates well.
Kyle shrugged. “Didn’t ask.” He leaned on the railing once at the second floor. “It sounded like you were upset or depressed in your message, so I rushed over as soon as I heard it.”
“I did?” Shane hadn’t meant to frighten his drummer. “I’m neither. My mind is churning since Tommy’s party. Sorry I worried you. Let’s go inside. I really need to talk.” When they entered the hall, he asked, “Want anything to eat or drink?”
“I’m fine.” Kyle laid a hand on Shane’s back. “Maybe after we talk. I’m glad you called. That party got my head reeling a bit, too. Everyone asked me if we’ve found a bassist yet. I guess it got around that we started looking. Not many serious responses from the ads so far.”
Shane dropped onto the couch and sighed. “Tommy said he’d help us find someone.”
“Did you take him up on it?” Kyle wanted to jump on the idea.
“Not sure I can deal with it yet.”
Kyle nodded, then sat down. “I get it. Do you want me to take care of it and only tell you if someone feels like the right fit?”
“I dunno. I’m afraid it’ll bring back memories if we do find a bassist.” Shane stared at the ceiling.
“Yeah, there’s that.” Kyle’s eyes closed as visions of Troy flashed by. “You’re not the only one having nightmares and constantly thinking about him. I just hide it better.” He paused to let it go. “What’d he say when you picked him up at the bar that night?”
Shane took in a shaky breath. “Nothing, nothing at all. He was already passed out. I thought he was drunk.”
“No one blames you.” Kyle reached out and his hand connected with Shane’s chest. “You did what any of us woulda done. There’s no way you knew what he’d taken before you showed up. His death is not on your hands.”
“Still… I shoulda known.”
Kyle understood why Shane blamed himself. “I missed signs, too. Patty told me he was depressed. He didn’t want help, though.”
“You think he was trying to off himself?” Until that day, the idea hadn’t entered Shane’s mind.
“We’ll never know.” Kyle wasn’t sure he wanted the truth. “They say things happen for a reason. We’ll find something that changed for the good after this.”
Shane’s mind went into overdrive. He couldn’t imagine a silver lining at that point. Only one good thing came to him. Patty was no longer scared for Troy’s welfare night and day.
“I feel like I failed him.” Shane had to say it. “He was my best friend. I was supposed to keep him outta trouble.”
Kyle sensed his bandmate’s pain. “You did all you could. He didn’t listen to any of us. I doubt he wanted help.” He turned and poked Shane in the chest. “Getting sober was the hardest thing you ever did. He gave up on it. You didn’t. That’s how you honor him, by doing the right thing.”
“Honor him?” Shane didn’t get it. “How is that honoring him?”
“You can’t keep his memory alive if you’re high,” Kyle explained. “Now that you’re sober, you can do something in his name.”
Patty’s plan came to Shane. “I’m gonna help Patty with her charity.”
“That’s a good idea.” Kyle was sure Shane needed an outlet. “If you need help, let me know.”
“How about your signature on a few guitars and drum skins?” Shane considered other options. “Maybe me, you and Carter should make an appearance or play a song at a benefit for it if we set one up.”
Kyle smiled. “I’m in.” He waited a few seconds to let Shane relax. “Who’s gonna play bass if we perform?”
“Uh…” Shane hadn’t thought of that.
“What about Tommy?” It was obvious to Kyle. “He wants to help. He’d do a few gigs with us if he’s not busy.”
Shane slapped his own thighs. “I’m not ready to go that far.” He turned to face his bandmate. “I need to work out the guilt first.”
“And get some help for the depression.” Although concerned, Kyle wouldn’t interfere unless Shane stopped socializing. At that point, Shane’s circle was small, but it existed.
“I can handle this.” Shane breathed slowly. “I promise if it’s too much, I’ll tell someone.”
A bit of relief washed over Kyle. “Do you wanna go out for pizza or a burger?”
“That sounds good. I haven’t eaten yet.” Shane glanced up when the front door opened.
Patty walked in with a shopping bag. “Shane? You all right?” She’d gotten his voicemail and panic had filled her. His tone had sounded off. “Shane?”
“We’re in here,” Shane called out. He’d given her a key to his place so she could check the house while the band was on tour. She normally didn’t use it when he was in town. “You were shopping?”
She grinned when she found Shane and Kyle on the couch. “No, brought you some lunch. What’re you guys up to?”
“Talking.” Kyle smiled. “We were just gonna get something to eat. You have great timing.”
Her cheeks heated. “Uh, I only brought enough for two. I didn’t know you’d be here.”
“That’s cool.” Kyle got to his feet. “I’ll go grab something and bother Carter for a bit. You two have a nice talk.”
When alone, Patty sat next to Shane and set the bag on the coffee table. “I didn’t mean to scare him off.”
“You didn’t.” Shane leaned toward her and pulled her in for a hug. “He came to check on me, too. I’m a’right, just lonely and maybe confused.” His voice softened. “Do you blame me for not knowing Troy’d overdosed?”
“No.” She threw her arms around him. “I don’t. It was his own fault. There was no way either of us could’ve known.” She absently played with his hair as she tried to soothe him. “This is not your fault.”
He clung to her and let out the pain and guilt he hadn’t realized had built that day. “I’m so sorry I didn’t take him to the hospital.”
Tears ran down Patty’s cheeks as she listened to him sob. It wasn’t the first time they’d cried together. She let a hand wander up and down his back. It would be quite inappropriate for her to think about how he made her feel. His pain ate at her. She wanted to help him, but she truly wasn’t sure how.
“You know how stubborn he was,” she whispered. “If you had taken him, he would’ve left and died on the street. He was home at least.” She had never voiced that possible outcome before. “I’m grateful I still have you.” That broke the wall she’d had up. Her entire body shook as she cried into his shoulder.
Shane brushed his lips over her temple. “I’ll always be here for you. Promise.” He took a few breaths to calm himself. His fingers wove into her hair as he held her close. “Anything you need.”
Her grief always made him forget his troubles. Besides, when she was in his arms, all was right with the world. He kissed her temple again, then leaned his cheek on her head. If only I’d asked her out first. He groaned inwardly. You wouldn’t have your daughter if that’d happened.
When Patty got herself together, she ran her fingertips over his beard stubble. “Growing it out?”
“Nah, just too lazy to shave.” Shane wasn’t sure if she liked it or hated it.
She moved her hand up and let her fingers get lost in his long hair. “I like your hair longer.” Her eyes were drawn to the gray strands. “I know the gray bothers you. Let me dye it. We can do it any color you want. I have this hair color app we could play with.”
“You do?” He examined her hair. “This’s a dye job?” It looked exactly like it always had.
Her eyes closed as he continued to toy with her hair. “I started going gray right after high school, so I had to dye it.”
“I never knew. Do you have someone you trust who does it?”
She pulled back and stared into his eyes. “Yes, me.”
“Do you think it’ll make a difference for me?” He wanted to make more positive changes.
“Yes.” She grabbed one of his hands. “Do you trust me?”
“With all that I am.” His eyes opened wide. That’s beyond inappropriate! This is your best friend’s wife! He backed up a bit. “I mean… with everything.”
She smiled at the slip and hoped he felt something for her other than the sibling type love he shared with his bandmates. “Let’s play with that app and see what color suits you best.”


CHAPTER FOUR

The next day, Shane was in his kitchen, preparing dinner for his bandmates. Not many knew he liked to cook. On tour, they ate mostly fast food. Back then, he’d been too high or drunk to touch the stove safely.
Since his home was the largest, the band spent more time there than the other’s homes. He’d bought the house for his daughter. He made sure she had the best of everything.
Her bedroom was on the third floor, along with his and two guest rooms. She had her own den with a huge television and enough room for all her friends. He only wished she spent more time there to make use of it.
When the doorbell rang, he hurriedly adjusted the covered platters on the island counter and grabbed a towel. He walked to the door while he wiped off his hands.
“Hey!” He greeted Carter with a fierce hug. They were all like brothers. “Hope you brought your appetite.”
“Always, when you’re cookin’.” Carter stared at Shane as he followed him into the house. “Uh, am I seeing things or is your hair blonde?”
Shane laughed. “It is.”
“If this wasn’t your house, I’m not sure I woulda recognized you.” It took Carter a few minutes to get over the shock. “I thought you didn’t want to dye it.”
“Patty changed my mind.” Shane stepped into the kitchen. “She did a great job.”
Carter tossed a few strands of Shane’s hair in the air. “That she did. Why’d you go blonde?”
“It’s different.”
Carter knew a subject change was in order. “Is she here?”
Shane sighed. “Nope. I’m the enemy lately, so not sure when she’ll grace me with her presence.”
“School going OK?”
With a loud groan, Shane threw his hands up. “Same as usual. I don’t wanna talk about it.”
“OK, old man.” Carter chuckled and grabbed a plate from the kitchen counter.
Shane glared at him. “Fuck you. I’m only a year older than you. You’ll be 34 in a less than a year.”
“I stopped counting at 29.” Carter grinned as he helped himself to a large piece of lasagna. “I never got married, so I don’t have gray hair.”
Shane growled, “I’m not married.”
To avoid painful memories, he let it go. Carter had a point. After Patty had dyed his hair, he felt a bit younger. Her pampering had made him feel better about himself.
The bell rang again. It was a relief. Shane let Kyle in with a smile. “Better hurry before Carter eats it all.”
“Ha!” Kyle clapped Shane on the back. “You always make more than we can eat.” His eyebrows furrowed. “Wasn’t your hair brown yesterday?”
Shane nodded. “Patty dyed it after you left.”
Kyle looked Shane over again. “Broke your razor?”
Shane turned as they walked to the kitchen. “Huh?”
“You got a salt and pepper thing goin’ on.” He rubbed his own jaw.
Shane touched his chin. “Yeah, didn’t see the point of shaving. Who’s gonna see me?” He was the only one in the band able to grow a full beard, although it took a few days. “Should I dye it?”
“Nah.” Kyle grinned. “Gives you character.”
Unlike his bandmates, he looked his age. Carter and Kyle could pass for 25. His more stressful life caused a few frown lines. Women still flocked to him when he let them, so he hadn’t lost his good looks.
He and Troy had been known as Silverblade’s pretty boys. With untamed hair almost to the shoulders, sometimes they chose to play shirtless to show off toned bodies with decent biceps.
Carter had a rough look, hair almost to his waist and large gauges in his ears. At five foot ten, he was covered in tattoos from head to toe and quite muscular. His workouts lasted a few hours daily. He scowled often but softened for the right woman.
Kyle was almost rail thin at six foot two. He also had tattoos but only on his arms and chest. His obsession was piercings. He had snake bites, his nose and eyebrows done and bars in his nipples. Studs adored his entire ear, including the cartilage. With a crew cut, it was easy to see them all.
Shane fixed a plate of food last and led his friends to the living room to relax. “I did some research. A few decent bands broke up this year. I’m not feeling any of the bassists I found and not many can sing.”
“How about Ricky Daniels?” Carter asked with his mouth full. “He played with a lotta good bands. I hear he’s looking to start up a new band.”
Kyle shook his head. “He’s back on Oxys. No thanks.”
“Never mind,” Carter mumbled. “Maybe I can sing Troy’s parts.”
Shane pursed his lips for a few seconds. “That’d mean you’d have to stay still a lot more.”
Kyle laughed. “Not gonna happen.”
When performing, Carter moved around the whole stage and sometimes fell to his knees during a solo. Shane had learned to keep close to his mic. They’d tried a headset like Troy’s, but Shane had continually knocked it off. Carter’s would fly off as soon as he started to bang his head.
“Should we hire two guys?” Carter thought that would make it easier to find a decent singer.
Shane’s head snapped to the left. “What? Replace me as lead singer?”
“No.” Carter realized that he hadn’t explained aloud. “I meant, since we can’t find a bassist with a great voice. You’d be lead and the other guy backup.”
“I’d rather just one guy.” Shane worried two new members would ruin their dynamic.
Kyle shifted his position. “Me, too.”
The front door opened. Shane turned with a smile. He assumed Patty returned. His eyes narrowed when they landed on Amber. “Get out!” He stood, then set his plate and glass on the table. “Get the fuck out!”
Amber smiled and stumbled forward a few steps. “I missed you. We can just spend the night together.”
Within seconds, Kyle and Carter flanked Shane. Kyle glared at Amber. “You fucked things up enough. He doesn’t wanna see you no more.”
“Yes he does.” Amber giggled, obviously under the influence. “He misses my pussy.”
Shane growled. “I don’t miss nothin’ about you. Now leave and give me that fuckin’ key!” He grabbed the key chain from her hand and took his off. “Don’t ever come back!”
He shook and tried not to think how much like her he’d been. Before they’d lost Troy, he hadn’t cared that she was always a mess. He had been just as bad. When he’d quit it all and she wouldn’t, he walked away. It hurt she wouldn’t give it up, but he had known he was better off without her.
“I said get out!”
Amber looked up at Shane, confused. “Why? You got someone else here?” She glanced around, then waved at Kyle and Carter. “Missed you guys. Where’s Troy?”
“Fuckin’ leave!” Shane was on the verge of hitting her, and he never resorted to violence.
Kyle snatched her arm, and Carter quickly grabbed the other. They forced her back outside and Shane threw her keys onto the porch. Everyone sighed when the door closed.
“How the hell’d she get a key again,” Carter asked.
Shane shrugged. “No idea.” He looked up when glass broke. A woman’s boot rested on the floor below a front window. “That stupid whore!”
“No.” Kyle blocked Shane. “I got it. Carter, call the cops.” He rushed outside and pinned Amber’s hands behind her back. “Dumb move, bitch.” He’d always hated her.
Full of adrenaline, Shane glanced from the glass on the living room floor to Kyle, who held Amber for the police. Is this what I have to look forward to? Her harassing me all the time?
He peered at Carter on his phone. His bandmates had taken quite a few vacations during their hiatus. He, on the other hand, had stayed home for the most part. I need to get outta here.
By the time four policemen arrived and Amber was in handcuffs, Shane wanted to agree to join the Demonfire Records sponsored tour in January. It would be great to get away and perform again. He needed a change in his life.
Tommy’s offer of bar and club hopping to find an unknown bassist sounded better than ever. Although, the list of bassists Tommy had sent him would most likely get him who he needed. It was a good next step. So far, none of the bassists that had applied fit what they needed. No one seemed right to step into Troy’s shoes.
“Glad that’s over with,” Kyle said as he closed the front door. “Benny’s on his way. He should have the window fixed in an hour or so.” Benny was a friend from high school who owned a glazier shop. The trio returned to the couch and dropped on it. “You OK?” He patted Shane’s knee.
Shane nodded. “Yeah, she’s just crazy. Fuckin’ junkie. Was I ever that bad?”
“Well…” Kyle stared at the table in front of them. “A few times, but I’m sure you remember those.”
Memories flashed by, and Shane sighed. “Yeah, Brandon. I need to apologize.”
“I talked to him.” Carter suddenly joined the conversation. “He wants you to stay sober. For a while, we worried about you OD’ing, too. Before we lost him, you were into it pretty heavy.”
Shane exhaled loudly. “Yeah, I was a wreck, too. Sorry you had to deal with us.”
“It’s over.” Kyle turned to Shane. “We left it behind us and so should you.”
Shane’s phone rang. When he looked at the screen, he groaned. “What now?” He accepted the call. “You need something else?”
“Yes,” Lacey replied, annoyed. “You didn’t give me the money I asked for.”
Shane rolled his eyes. “Because I give you enough as it is.”
Lacey was his daughter’s mother. He sometimes wondered if he’d caused Lacey to become so cold. When she was being a money grubbing bitch, he knew he hadn’t. Deep down, he still loved her. How can I love someone who hurts me all the time?
He hadn’t gotten serious with anyone since she’d left him. She didn’t start out as a gold digger, but that changed when money began to roll in.
He paid twice what he should in child support because her lawyer had convinced the judge he’d hidden money. It’d been true, but she wasn’t supposed to find out about it.
When they had been together, she would glare at his bandmates. She’d blamed them for the changes in their lives and said they’d made him into someone she couldn’t love.
On Silverblade’s first tour, girls had thrown themselves at him, and it overwhelmed him. Days into it, he gave in. When he’d come home, he admitted he had cheated, then begged for her forgiveness. She’d used it against him and constantly held it over his head. That led him to doing less with the band and looking for something else to give him purpose.
Months later, he discovered that she’d cheated as well. Throughout that entire tour, she’d been having an affair with a married man. While Shane had stayed faithful once home, she’d continued to see the man behind his back. She eventually married him, and they had a kid together.
It’d been obvious to Shane that she was only after the man’s money. It had hurt nonetheless. She’d toyed with his heart for years. Troy used to tell him she wasn’t worth his time. She was the only woman he’d ever loved, though. He had sworn she would change, but she’d only gotten worse. Good thing he’d bought the house after she’d left.
“I need to go for a ride,” Shane said as soon as he hit the end button.
Kyle grinned. “Great idea. Where to?”
“Anywhere but here.” Shane’s stomach grumbled. “After we eat.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After they’d cleaned up the kitchen, and the window had been repaired, Shane led his friends downstairs. The custom garage took up the entire first floor of the house. It held his extensive bike collection. He pursed his lips as he looked at a 1200 Harley Sportster, then a Kawasaki Vulcan. It was always hard to choose what to ride. Some he only rode a mile or so a month to keep the engine from seizing.
“This is my favorite.” Kyle sat on a 2009 Indian Chief Vintage. “Not many of these around here.” As far as he knew, Shane was the only one in Nassau County who owned an Indian, let alone two. “You’ll definitely get heads turning.”
Shane had to laugh. “We should call Dave and make a run to Valley Stream.” Dave was the only one of Silverblade’s former crew who lived close by. Most were already on a tour. “Wonder what he’s up to.”
“Probably knee deep in some chick.” Carter chuckled. “You think the band not playing’s gonna fuck with his sex life? That guy can’t go six hours without someone on his dick.”
Kyle climbed off the bike and opened the garage door. “Imagine him married with kids?”
“I’m not married,” Shane reiterated. His friends reminded him often that he was somewhat tied down. Usually it didn’t bother him, but he felt like everything was on his shoulders. “Can we just go?”
He grabbed a helmet from a rack and put it on. Even if New York didn’t have a helmet law, he would wear it. A slight concussion from an unavoidable accident had taught him a lesson.
When he started up the Indian’s engine, he smiled. It was one of his favorites as well. He duckwalked it out of the garage and set the kickstand again.
“Should we swing by Dave’s?” Carter asked.
Shane nodded as he closed the garage. “Yeah, maybe he can help with the bassist search.”
“Yeah.” Kyle smiled. He could tell by Shane’s tone he was finally ready to move on. Already on his bike, he started it up and put his own helmet on. “Hope he’s alone.”
Carter started his bike and shouted, “Doubt it!”
When they pulled up to Dave’s place, they parked in his driveway. He owned a nice home, with a small garage. Shane climbed off his bike first and headed for the front door.
Over the years, he and Dave had become good friends. They hung out even more since Troy passed. It helped that they’d known each other since high school. Of all their crew, he was the only one who didn’t work for another band. He was just as heartbroken as the band about Troy’s death.
“Uh, hey,” Dave said when he opened the door in only a pair of jeans. He glanced back for a few seconds. “What’s up?”
Shane smirked. “Where is she?”
“Kitchen.” Dave winked. “Just finished up. She’s a happy camper, as always.” He noticed Kyle and Carter walking up the stairs. “Band meeting?”
Kyle shook his head. “No, ride.”
“Can I go?” Cassidy, a pretty, young blonde, appeared next to Dave. “I love your bike.” She ran her hand over his toned chest and leered at his tattoos. “We haven’t gone out in a while.” She and Dave were casual lovers.
He turned to her. “Depends.”
“I won’t be a bother. Promise.” She stuck her bottom lip out. “Please.”
“It’s not a guy thing today, head clearing time.” Shane smiled at her eagerness.
Dave grinned. “Cool. How about we hit Jones Beach? They got a few bands playing. We could check them out.” He winked at Carter who had previously told him about the search for a new bassist.
“Sounds good.” Music always soothed Shane.
They rode in pair formation. Years ago, they’d been in a club together, Troy as well. Since they all rode, Carter had invited them to join. As he’d promised Lacey, the band no longer dominated his time.
The club had been an escape from reality. He’d begun to enjoy the brotherhood. Once Silverblade hit it big, they had to let it go. None of them were able to keep up with the duties assigned to them with all that their fame required.
Dave moved into the lead when they approached the Nikon Theater. He knew most of the employees at the venue. He drove to what some considered a service entrance. Several buses were in the lot and trucks beyond that. He stopped the bike a few feet from a man in a venue shirt.
“Hey, Joe.” Dave took his helmet off and shouted, “You mind if we check the show out?”
Joe scanned the other three men. When they also took their helmets off, his mouth dropped a bit. He hadn’t expected the remaining members of Silverblade.
“Yeah, go ahead.” Joe smiled. He hoped he’d been heard over the music. “You can park over there.” He pointed to an empty truck spot. “I’ll keep an eye on the bikes.” He handed Dave several sets of earplugs and stepped out of their way.
Minutes later, the four men made their way past security and scattered equipment, then into the pit. The band onstage had the crowd riled up. The mosh pit took up half of the group in front of them. Nervous about being recognized, Shane stayed as far back as he could.
Thankfully, not many would know him with the long blonde hair. His bandmates hadn’t changed, though. Carter was recognized more than Kyle. However, he had sunglasses on.
Shane shaded his eyes with a hand and scanned the audience. The band played heavy music. He listened without looking at the performers for a few minutes. The bassist didn’t impress him, but the rest were talented.
When his eyes moved to the stage, he smiled. The singer encouraged everyone to jump with him. Shane did that during several songs. It made him miss performances as so many other things had done in the past few weeks.
There were a few crowd surfers. He smiled at that. He’d done that quite often. More times than not, he’d come back to the stage minus his shirt. Dave had been nearby with a fresh one. Sometimes he’d continued bare-chested. The girls loved it.
“Not bad!” Dave shouted. Next to Shane, he nodded at the stage. “I miss the rush.” He had been a recreational drug user but also quit. Sex was the only high he’d gotten since Troy died. “Don’t you miss this?”
Shane shrugged. “I guess.” He glanced around.
Sometimes he missed the easy women. However, he wanted his recovery to be permanent. That meant time away from the fast life. He’d thought he was a sex addict since he’d been insatiable. That had been squashed in rehab.
At that point, he was alone because he’d lost trust in women, other than Patty. When he had gotten sober, he’d realized how much they’d used him. But not Patty. She was something special.
“Hey there.” A young brunette in shorts and a bikini top slinked up beside Shane. “You look lonely.”
He stepped away. “I’m not.”
“Aw.” She stood before him. “I love the beard. Gives you character.”
Shane couldn’t help but smile. “Thanks.” He thought about getting Security’s attention. “I’m not interested. Sorry.”
“OK. I like blondes. Thought I’d try.”
He sighed as she wove through the crowd. Before Troy had passed, he would never have turned down a woman. Until stable in his recovery, a woman was the last thing he needed.


CHAPTER FIVE

“Brandon!” Shane called out when they stepped out of Demonfire’s conference room in Manhattan the first Friday of November.
Instantly, Brandon Knight of Wicked End turned around. “What’s up?”
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to talk.” Shane’s hands shook from anxiety.
Brandon smiled. “Sure, man.”
A meeting with representatives of several bands slated to be on the Reign of Fire tour had ended minutes earlier. Demonfire Records planned to sign Silverblade to their label if they hired a bassist.
Jon Harris, co-owner of the label and drummer for Gasoline, acted as if Silverblade had no obstacles. Shane still wasn’t sure they could find someone to fill Troy’s shoes in time.
Shane and Brandon found the lounge after opening several doors. They sat on a couch silently, for at least a minute. Where do I start? Shane’s mind drifted back to their fight. It’d been childish.
“That time…” Shane swallowed. “When I went ballistic-”
Brandon held up a hand. “You don’t have to say anything. It’s forgotten.”
“I do,” Shane insisted. “I was a dick. You were trying to help. I just wanted my fucking coke. I shouldn’t’ve punched you or shoved you.” He winced. “Or said whatever I said. I’m sure it was way outta line. I’m sorry.”
With a sigh, Brandon replied, “That wasn’t you, it was the coke. I’m glad you and Carter got help.” He looked away. “I knew you three were going downhill, just wish it didn’t play out how it did.”
“Me, too.” Shane took a deep breath. “Me and Tommy’ve been checking out bands. Nothing promising.”
Brandon smiled. “The right guy’ll come along.”
“We only have two-and-a-half months.” Shane closed his eyes. Stress crept up on him. “Not a lotta time.” He sagged back, defeated. “Am I too picky?”
“No.” Brandon smacked Shane’s knee. “When it feels right, you’ll know. Like when Scott found me.”
Shane grinned widely. “And look how that turned out.”
“Exactly.” Brandon smiled as well. “The right bassist is out there. You just haven’t found him yet.” He stood but didn’t walk away. “Troy’ll whip your ass if you let the band go.”
Shane nodded. “Probably.” He stared at his hands. “Thanks.”
When Shane left the building several minutes later, a weight had lifted off his shoulders. In the early days of his recovery, he’d made many apologies. Brandon’s was the last. Shane smiled as he climbed on his bike. Maybe this can work.
He and Tommy had started club hopping the month before. Not one bassist spoke to him. Everyone’s faith in him sometimes became pressure. If only we had more time. In his heart, he felt they would desecrate Troy’s memory if they replaced him.
That wasn’t the case, though. As Dominic said, they’d turned the page. We’re doing this. Troy, help me find someone. As he drove onto 36th Street, Shane let his mind wander. If Troy chose his replacement, what type of guy would he pick?

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Shane found himself at Kyle’s place. When he parked, he looked up at the house. How the hell did I get here? He’d planned to visit his kid, then go home. Kyle lived about 30 minutes from him in Hicksville, not close to his ex.
Still confused, Shane took off his helmet. While he tried to rationalize his actions, he undid the bands around his ponytail and shook his head. His hair settled on his shoulders as he set the helmet down.
“Since I’m here…” Shane walked along the path and knocked.
Kyle opened the door and grinned. “Whoa!” He toyed with Shane’s dark facial hair. “You dyed it.”
Shane shrugged. “The gray made me feel old, and Patty said it would be sexy.” He’d decided against a full beard and trimmed it down to a goatee. Her reaction to it surprised him, but he liked it.
“It’s weird.” Kyle’s face screwed up some. “I was just thinkin’ of you.”
“You were?” Shane cocked at eyebrow.
With a laugh, Kyle walked inside. “Yeah, I was going through some old papers. Found a picture of us way back in the day. No idea how it got in that box. Troy had you in a headlock, and you were laughing. That was long before you guys started using.”
That day came to Shane easily. “Things were simple back then.”
“They were.” Kyle dropped on the couch.
Shane sat a few inches away.
“How’d the meeting go?” Kyle leaned over and grabbed his bottle of water off the side table. “Want one?”
“Nah.” Shane sighed and closed his eyes. “The meeting was good. I saw Brandon. Talked to him.”
Kyle turned. “And?”
“I apologized. He said I didn’t need to. I did. You know why.”
With a nod, Kyle smiled. “I get it. You don’t have to explain.” He put his feet up on the coffee table and took a swig from his bottle. “So... is that why you came over? To talk about it?”
“Uh, well.” Shane shrugged. “Truthfully, I dunno. I was going home, but I wound up here. It sounds stupid, but I asked Troy to help me find someone.”
Kyle playfully pushed him. “It’s not stupid. I used to talk to him all the time. Sometimes he kinda tells me things. Like the day you fell off the wagon.”
“Good thing you did.” Shane was still ashamed he’d refused rehab until that day. “I shoulda listened to you from the start.”
Kyle slid over and threw an arm over Shane’s shoulders. “What matters is you did it. You’re clean now. I’m proud of you.” He checked his watch. They were cutting it close. “I got someone coming over in a few. Not sure if you wanna hang around.”
“Oh.” Shane stared at the ceiling. “Mind if I stay until she gets here? I don’t wanna go home to an empty house.” He wished he were ready to start dating again. Although touring made that complicated.
With a smile, Kyle replied, “Sure.” He couldn’t tell Shane to leave. Maybe he’ll be late. “Other than talking to Brandon, did anything else important come up at the meeting?” Obviously, Shane was still unsure about going on the tour.
“Yeah.” Shane’s body sagged. “We got no crew.”
Kyle cocked an eyebrow. “Damn, forgot about that.” He shook his head. “Of course Dave’s in, but fuck, everyone else took other jobs.”
“Jon offered his guys.” Shane closed his eyes. The situation stressed him out. “What the hell’re we gonna do?”
Kyle moved away from Shane and leaned forward. “Gimme a minute.” He racked his brain to come up with anyone who would step in. Not many people came to mind. “My brother is outta work. His girlfriend might not like it, though.”
“Is Dave’s band doing gigs?” Shane couldn’t remember if he’d ever asked. What a great friend I am. “Don’t wanna assume he can go.”
After he let out a short chuckle, Kyle replied, “Are you kidding? Dave wouldn’t pass up endless groupies for a hobby.”
“Hobby?” Shane quickly turned his head. “What hobby?”
Kyle laughed again. “Dave can’t be in a real band. They’re blowing off steam. He assumed you realized that.”
“I’m a dick.”
“No you’re not.” Kyle relaxed again. “You’ve been dealing with your own shit. He’s just glad you’re open to starting things moving again.”
Shane sighed. “Guess you guys talk a lot.”
“Yeah.” Kyle shrugged. “Not much changed for me in the last year, besides losing Troy. You went through hell and back. Give yourself a break. You did something not many could. With the stress Lacey put on you on top of it all… I woulda gave up. You didn’t. Shane, you’re too hard on yourself. I’m proud of you.”
Shane’s cheeks heated. He was extra hard on himself, but he did it because of his daughter. “Thanks. I’ll try to chill out.”
“Good.” Kyle noticed Shane’s body relax. Finally. “You and Tommy gonna check out bands this weekend?”
“Nah, but we got a few more bands to check out in the next coupla weeks.”
Shane glanced around. The band had hung out there plenty. Kyle liked things simple. No one would guess he was rich and famous. Although he had maid service and landscapers, it was a small home; perfect for one.
In contrast, Shane’s home was much larger and screamed rock star. Some of that was for his kid, but he’d once loved to brag. Since he had gotten clean that no longer mattered.
“Is our spot on the tour solid?” Kyle finished his water and set the bottle on the table next to him.
“Yep.” Shane centered his attention on his bandmate. “Jon talks like we already got a bassist. Tommy said he’d fill in if we need him to. Not sure about that.”
Kyle toyed with his lips for a few seconds. “He can sing, and he kicks ass on the bass. But a whole tour playing for two bands? There’s a lot of dates on that tour.”
“There is.”
Tommy did much more than play music at shows. Since Demonfire was sponsoring the tour, there would be more pressure. Also, Tommy was one of the most famous bassists on the planet. Fans would see him as Gasoline’s bassist, not theirs.
“He’s gonna wear himself out.” Shane sighed. “What about Dave?”
Kyle shrugged. “I’ve never seen him do on a bass what he does on guitars during sound checks. Not sure if he’d step in.” He sat up straight. “Want something to eat? I was gonna order Chinese food but got sidetracked.”
“Don’t you have company coming?”
“Right.” Kyle looked away to hide his expression. “Almost forgot. I guess I’ll order later.”
The doorbell rang. Kyle slapped his thighs. After a glance at Shane, Kyle answered the door. “Hey, thanks for coming.” He waved a hand for his guest to enter. “Rico, right?”
“Yeah.” Rico entered the house with his guitar case. He paused a few feet in. “I didn’t bring an amp.”
Kyle walked to the living room. “We have everything in the back.” He stopped behind the couch. “Come on, Shane.”
Stunned, Shane stared at the young man next to Kyle. “Uh...” He wasn’t sure how to word it. “All this time...” He swallowed and wondered why Kyle hadn’t admitted he was gay. “Um, I’ll get outta here, so you can be alone.” His cheeks heated as he imagined Kyle and Rico in bed. “Damn,” he muttered, wishing he’d left earlier.
“Why?” The expression on Shane’s face made Kyle’s eyes widened. “Dude, he’s a bassist, not my lover. I’m still straight in every way.” He chuckled. “You really think I’d lie to you about that?”
Shane was at a loss for words. “Uh, well... I thought... I thought you were waiting for a chick.” He rolled his eyes. “That’s why you were acting sketchy.” He laughed at himself. “You thought I was gonna get mad?”
“Kinda.” Kyle nodded to the hallway. “Let’s go jam and see how it goes.”
Although Shane hadn’t picked up a guitar in a few weeks, he followed. Anytime he played, Troy came to mind. I have to remember only the good moments. When they walked into the back room, he smiled.
Kyle had combined the two rear bedrooms, soundproofed the walls and turned it into a practice studio. It was perfect for their needs.
While Rico set up in front of an amp, Shane stepped into the walk-in closet to choose a guitar. Kyle had an extensive collection although he played drums for the band. Shane messed with the drums and piano during practices.
“What d’ ya wanna play?” Kyle settled onto the stool behind his kit.
Rico glanced at Shane. “Um, how about ‘Perfect World?’”
“OK.” Kyle shrugged.
Shane slung a Gibson over his shoulder. The song title brought back memories of writing it. Troy had been fixing one of Shane’s bikes in the garage. High as usual, Troy asked, “You know what’d be my perfect world? Me and Patty buying an island with all the coke I can snort.” Shane had laughed back then, but it was no longer funny.
“How about something else?” Shane couldn’t get through the song. When Kyle cocked an eyebrow, he added, “Brings back too much.”
Kyle nodded. “Ah, OK. You mind choosing something else, Rico?”
“Sure.” Rico analyzed the lyrics and realized they could be about drugs. Since Shane had gone through rehab, it made sense. “Will ‘Get Bent’ work?”
Shane chuckled. “Yeah.” He’d written it about how much he hated his ex. “Lacey loves that song.” He laughed harder. “I should dedicate it to her on the tour so she knows it’s about her.”
“She hasn’t figured that out?” Kyle burst into laughter as well. “Your money makes her blind.”
After a minute, they settled down and Kyle started them off. It was odd to play without Carter but not impossible. Shane watched Rico as he played and was impressed until Rico sang the chorus. Halfway through the song, Shane stopped playing.
“You can’t sing?” Shane furrowed his brows. “We need a bassist who sings.”
Kyle was disappointed. Rico should have known he would be singing. “Sorry, man. He’s right. There are songs Troy sang different lines than Shane. We need a singer.”
Minutes later, Shane and Kyle stood in the foyer. Rico had left without incident. Shane leaned on the wall. “This is hopeless.”
“No, it’s not.” Kyle sighed. “It’s just not easy.” He locked the front door and headed for the kitchen. “We’re ordering dinner and having a beer.”
Shane hurried to follow him. “Wait, a beer? I can’t drink.”
“Why not?” Kyle froze with the refrigerator open.
With a shrug, Shane replied, “Well, I’m an addict. I haven’t taken a drink since rehab either.”
“Oh.” Kyle glanced in the fridge. He didn’t drink alone, but he had a six-pack chilling. “Um, so we’ll pass on the beer and have… uh…” He rummaged around until he found something else. “Root beer.” He pulled out two cans and laughed. After he handed one to Shane, he opened his with a smirk. “Close enough.” He let out a short laugh and shut the door. “Up for Chinese Food?”
Shane nodded. “Sure.” He needed to spend time with his bandmates to remind him what they’d had when Troy was alive.
“Mind if I tag along on a few of your escapades with Tommy?” Kyle searched his junk drawer for a menu. “I need to get laid, too.”
Shane glared at his friend. “We don’t pick up chicks.” He rolled his eyes when Hailey came to him. “OK. I don’t pick up chicks. Tommy does sometimes. It’s all about the music for me.”
“Damn.” Kyle shook the menu he’d found at Shane. “You need to get laid, man. Then maybe you’ll chill the fuck out.”
Without a reply, Shane left the room and plopped on the couch. Everyone told him the same thing. He was wound up tight, but his life was stressful. His ex still drove him out of his mind, and his kid only wanted money. Like mother, like daughter, right?


CHAPTER SIX

“We still haven’t found a bassist.” Shane stood in his bedroom staring at the mirror with a phone to his ear. Around six weeks had passed since the tour meeting. “I don’t want Tommy to fill in. We only have a month. Sorry, but we haveta pull outta the tour.”
Jon Harris sat in a recliner in his man cave. He’d been expecting the call sooner or later. “How about you guys check out just a few more bands?” He knew Tommy had found at least three bassists that seemed perfect in their band’s Youtube videos. “You and Tommy going up to Yonkers tonight?”
“Yeah, Tommy raved about this band.” Shane had heard them on Youtube, but the video was grainy. “So far, none of the bassists we’ve seen were great.”
The frustration in Shane’s voice made Jon feel bad. “I know this ain’t easy. I got feelers all over the place. We’ll find the right guy.”
“Hope so.” Shane had little optimism. Still, he’d showered and dressed to go out. “Tommy said this band’s different. We’ll see.”
Jon took a deep breath. “I’ve been meaning to call you. Thanks for your advice with Sean.”
“You’re welcome. How’s things going?” Shane was glad Sean’s mother had found Jon. He couldn’t imagine not knowing his child for seventeen years.
With a huge grin, Jon said, “Better than I expected. He’s an amazing kid.”
“Lucky you.” A pang of jealousy hit Shane. “Wish my daughter wasn’t so much like her mother. I’m lucky if I can get five minutes with her unless I bribe her with a shopping spree.” In the past year, he’d stopped offering that, since it gave the wrong message. “Sorry. Tell me more about Sean.”
Guilt filled Jon, but Shane needed hope. “He’s an A student and plays a few instruments.” Jon swallowed back the emotions that built. “He called me Dad.”
“Cool.” Shane smiled. At least someone’s getting along with their kid. “Glad it’s going well.” He glanced at the clock on the dresser in front of him. “Gotta go. I’m meeting Tommy in like an hour.”
Jon held faith they would find someone in time. “Good luck tonight.”
Shane checked his hair again. Then he frowned at his reflection. His gray roots showed on his scalp and in his goatee. It was enough to make him self-conscious.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Carefully, he wove his long tresses into a braid to keep it from whipping around during the trip. He was glad he’d grown it out. Women liked his new style, including Patty.
In the past few months, he and Tommy chatted with many girls. Although Tommy hadn’t seemed to hook up with many of them since they’d met Hailey, he flirted constantly. Shane still wouldn’t jump into bed with just anyone. Before rehab, he’d had a girlfriend with an arrangement for tours.
When finally ready, he rode away from the house on his favorite bike. The entire trip, he thought about the bassists they’d played with. Some had been in well-known bands. None seemed right. They were all missing something.
Sometimes only he believed they weren’t a good fit. Carter and Kyle stood by him even if they didn’t agree.
Shane parked in front of the bar with several other motorcycles. Next to his was a 1977 Triumph Bonneville. He stared at the bike. It was a model he’d wanted to add to his collection, but he couldn’t find one in working order. He’d ridden one many years ago. Maybe I can buy it tonight.
Once he had the kickstand down and his helmet off, he searched for Tommy’s car. Tommy had several, but over the past months, he’d seen them all. After one ride, Shane refused to get in a vehicle with him again. Tommy drove like a maniac.
He spotted the red Challenger easily among the other simple vehicles. Here goes nothing. Shane took a deep breath and headed inside.
Sound checks assaulted him as soon as he opened the door. Feedback came from the speakers, and he covered his ears. Not a good sign. This better not be a waste of my time.
Tommy sat at the bar as inconspicuous as possible with a baseball cap, torn jeans, and Metallica t-shirt. He looked nothing like himself. A glance around made Shane understand why. If Tommy had come as himself, he would have stuck out like a sore thumb.
Most there seemed to be blue-collar workers, dressed casually. Tommy’s been here before? He checked himself out. Jeans, t-shirt, and boots, his usual outfit when going to a bar. He liked simple.
“Hey!” Tommy shouted when he noticed Shane. “Thought you got lost.”
Shane gave him a half-smile. “Nah, was talking to Jon before I left.” He nodded at the makeshift stage as he sat next to Tommy. “Have you seen them play besides Youtube?”
“I haven’t, but Crazy Mike has.” Tommy trusted Gasoline’s sound engineer. “He said the bassist is a diamond in the rough. From what he told me, the kid’s wasting his time with this band. He needs a band like you guys to really shine.”
That gave Shane some hope. He waited patiently. Their first song was familiar. Within seconds, he glanced at Tommy. Gasoline’s “Party Hard.” What a great start.
The band played several more covers, some requested by patrons of the bar. Women danced in front of the stage and stared at the musicians.
The entire group impressed Shane. The bassist was incredible, like Tommy had said. He did a few solos and sang backup along with the drummer. His voice became lost in the harmony.
On their first break, the bassist stepped into the throng of women and flirted. He didn’t let it go far, which was interesting. In contrast, the lead singer allowed the girls to do what they wanted to him.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack Bryant, bassist for Dangerzone, pulled away from the women trying to tear his shirt off. “I’ll take it off for our next set.”
He rolled his eyes when he finally got free and headed to the men’s room. His girlfriend hadn’t come for moral support. Every time she was absent, their few fans swarmed him. He thought it was just the guitar.
On his way back to the stage, two men caught Zack’s attention. They seemed out of place. Although dressed the same as the others, they didn’t look like they knew anyone but each other.
It took a few more seconds for him to recognize Tommy Fischer. He’d heard Tommy and Jon Harris scouted for bands sometimes. Maybe they wanna sign us? That got him excited.
He rushed over to Stu, their lead singer. “Dude, I need to talk to you.” He tugged him away from the women who hung all over him. “Seriously. Now!”
Stu groaned and followed Zack to the rear hallway. “What?”
“Dude, Tommy Fischer’s here!” Zack couldn’t contain his excitement. “Do you know what that fucking means?” He shook his friend. “A record deal if we impress him!”
Eyebrows furrowed, Stu glanced back at the bar. “Where?”
“There.” Zack pointed at Tommy.
Stu’s mouth dropped. “Holy shit! We need to step it up then. Who’s that guy he’s talking to?”
“No clue.” Zack jumped, hoping he could finally make real money. “We should do ‘Fast Lane.’ That’s complicated in every way.”
“Good idea.”
Shane looked up when a short guitar riff echoed in the building. Then he smiled at the bass player who had shed his shirt. The young man was covered in tattoos with an athletic build. No wonder the girls wanted his shirt off. He would fit right in. His sleeves rivaled Carter’s.
The bassist winked at the crowd before them and stretched to show off. Shane almost laughed. That reminded him of Troy.
Although Troy had been faithful to his wife, that hadn’t stopped him from teasing his adoring fans. His amazing back piece of an angel was shown off often. More than once, he’d flashed the women in front when he’d had an erection.
Backstage, girls had fought to get ahold of him, but all he’d offered was an autograph and picture. Patty never had to worry about him stepping out on her.
“Is he gonna sing or what?” Shane asked Tommy. When he didn’t get a response, he turned. Tommy had a chick between his legs, arms around her. “Never mind.”
The band started a new song, which Shane recognized right away. “Fast Lane” was one of Silverblade’s most popular songs. His gaze drifted back to the stage. If they can pull this one off, I’ll be surprised.
It was a song where he and Troy sang different lines at the same time. Troy had an elaborate solo, Shane and Carter played synchronously at times and Kyle went crazy. Not many attempted to play it.
Zack sang beautifully, and he played Troy’s part to the letter. Shane stared in awe. “Told you not to give up!” Shane swore it was Troy’s voice. He quickly turned to an oblivious Tommy. He’s the one, Troy? Shane was apprehensive about making a definitive decision.
As the night progressed, Shane couldn’t deny Zack was what he’d been looking for. They’d played a few other Silverblade songs, and Zack consistently blew him away. Zack riled up the girls when he showed off on his bass and flexed his muscles. He was more handsome than the other members.
“Hey.” Tommy had come up for air and noticed the band playing again. “He’s better than I thought.” The girl with her arms around his neck tried to tug his face back to hers. “Babe, wait.” He watched the bassist intently. “Tell me you hear what I do.”
Shane nodded. “I do.” He also noted the bassist’s youth. “The kid’s amazing.”
“Kid?” Tommy looked closer. “Yeah, he’s gotta be early twenties.” He smiled as the bassist played furiously. “You need to at least talk to him.”
For the first time, Shane knew he’d hit the jackpot. He almost heard Troy give his blessing. “Yep, not letting this one go.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

While the band broke down the drum kit, Shane walked over to the stage. He waited for the bassist to be alone. “Hey, you’re amazing.”
Zack nodded with a glance at Shane. “Thanks. We’re playing here again in three weeks.”
“Was hoping you wanted to join a new band.”
Confused, Zack studied the man only a few feet away. It can’t be. “Uh, not really looking. You, uh, you need someone?”
“Yeah.” Shane put a hand out. “I’m Shane. We need a bassist as talented as you.”
Zack stumbled back. Oh my fucking God! It’s him! “Sorry.” He got his bearings and shook Shane’s hand. “Wow! Shane Martin. Damn. Sorry. I’m kinda shocked.” He glanced around. “Wait! You want me to join Silverblade?”
“If we all mesh, yeah.” Shane smiled. “What’s your name?”
Nervously, Zack replied, “Uh, oh yeah. Zack, I’m Zack.”
“It’s cool.” Shane searched the area and find Tommy walking their way alone. “We both think you’re great, but I’m not the only one in the band.”
Zack’s mouth dropped. “I knew it was you, Mr. Fischer.”
Tommy laughed as he stood next to Shane. “Guess it’s hard for me to fade into the background. You rock, man.”
“Thanks.”
Shane noticed Zack’s hands shaking. “You busy tomorrow?”
“Uh, no.” Zack wished he could talk smoothly.
“How about you come out to my place about noon for an interview of sorts? If it works out, we can jam with Carter and Kyle and see if there’s chemistry.”
Zack grinned excitedly. “I’ll be there.” He pulled out his phone. “Can we swap numbers, and you text me your address?”
“Sure.” Shane took Zack’s phone and sent himself a text. Then he used his own phone to reply with his address. “Do you write music, too? You guys did all covers.”
“I do,” Zack admitted. “But these guys don’t like dark lyrics.”
Tommy laughed. “Sounds like Dean. Everything he writes is kinda gloomy.”
“It’s not that dark.” Zack appreciated that they didn’t laugh at him. “I just had a lotta crap in my life.”
Shane sighed. “I get it. Tomorrow we can talk about it if you like. I’ve been in a bad place myself lately.”
“Right.” Zack had forgotten. “I’m so sorry about Troy. I was caught up in meeting you.”
“It’s OK.” Shane put up a hand. “Thanks, but I understand. See you tomorrow.”
Stu walked up to the group. “Zack you-” His mouth dropped. “Damn… uh…”
“Yep, Tommy Fischer and Shane Martin,” Tommy said for him. “Just checking things out.” He waved to Zack. “Good luck. Hope we meet again in January.” He nodded to Shane and left.
Zack offered his hand to Shane. “It was great to meet you.” He tipped his chin at Stu. “So, uh, see you around.”
“Yep.” Shane turned to leave. A helmet caught his eye. When Zack picked it up, he grinned. “What d’ ya ride?”
Surprised at the question, Zack asked, “Huh? Oh, the helmet. Wanna see my bike?”
“Sure.” Shane followed him outside. He was floored when Zack set his helmet on the Triumph’s seat. “That’s yours? I wanna buy it. How much?”
Zack looked from Shane to the bike. “Buy it? Uh-uh. It’s not for sale. It was my dad’s.” He forced a straight face to hide the reason he’d kept it. Against his mother’s wishes, he had fixed it up and learned to ride.
“Ah, yeah.” The pain in Zack’s voice forced Shane to explain. “Sorry. I’ve been looking for one of these. If this works out, you can have a coupla bikes.” He scanned the motorcycle. “Who does your repair work? Triumphs have wire issues.”
“I do.” Zack ran a hand over the gas tank. “Restored everything myself and rewired the whole thing. Took a while, but she runs great.”
Shane’s face showed his shock. “Troy was our mechanic. This is just getting weirder.” He smiled. “Feels like he handpicked you.”
“Wow.” Troy had some pretty big shoes to fill. Zack hoped he didn’t blow it. “What did Tommy mean by January?”
It took a few seconds for the words to register. Shane almost laughed at himself. “We’re on the Reign of Fire tour. Starts January 18th down near Philly.”
“So, if I do join the band, I’ll be going on tour with you?” Zack became overwhelmed. A tour was a big undertaking. “You sure you want someone as green as me?”
Shane smiled. “Kid, you got more talent than I’ll ever have.”
“Shit, wow.” Zack blushed and hoped Shane couldn’t see it. “I better get home and rest up so I’m at my best tomorrow.” For the third time that night, he shook Shane’s hand. “Thank you so much for this opportunity. I won’t let you down.”
Minutes later, Zack was on the road, his guitar case strapped to his back. When he walked into his girlfriend Rose’s apartment, he ran right to the bedroom. He couldn’t wait until morning to tell her.
“Rose, wake up.” He jostled her lightly. “Wake up.”
She pushed him away. “I don’t wanna fuck. Lemme alone. I gotta work tomorrow.”
“Not that. Get up.” He knelt on the bed and jumped a few times. “Come on. I met someone cool tonight.”
Rose turned over and glared at him. “You cheated on me again, and you woke me up to tell me?” She’d been devastated the night he admitted screwing a band groupie while drunk. Since then, she had attended most of his gigs to make sure he didn’t stray again. “You fuckin’ piece of shit!” She swung at him wildly.
Zack grabbed her hands. “No. Stop it.” He fought to end her thrashing. “Why do you always assume? I said I was sorry. It was once. I swear it never happened again, and it never will.” He groaned as she kicked close to his groin. “Cut it out!”
He pinned her down and covered her body with his. It took a while for her to relax.
“I met a fucking guy.” Her scowl made him roll his eyes. “Damn it, Rose. I’m not gay or bi. It was Shane Martin from Silverblade.” He struggled to hold her still. “I’m trying out for Silverblade tomorrow.” He stared into her eyes until she calmed. “This is the real deal. I got a chance to play in a tour next month.”
She didn’t know what to say. On tour, temptation would surround him. She wouldn’t go through the heartache again. It’d been months, and she wasn’t over his unfaithfulness.
“I thought you’d be happy for me.” He saw the wheels turning in her head. “This is my dream.”
After taking a deep breath, she asked, “How long?”
“How long what?”
“How long will you be gone?”
Zack shrugged. “I dunno. It’s not a done deal yet. I have an interview tomorrow and maybe meeting the rest of the band. But we really hit it off, so I can’t imagine them not hiring me.” He got on all fours and looked down at her naked body. “We should celebrate.” He leaned his hips down and rubbed his growing bulge into her folds. “If I get this gig, you won’t have to pay the rent. I could.”
He made little as a musician and not much more as a delivery truck driver. Without a GED, his options were limited. He’d quit school in the 9th grade with no hope of passing. To him, there had been no point. He had tried to take the test twice, but he’d failed both times. Then he had given up.
“Not tonight.” Rose tried to close her legs. “I have work early tomorrow.” She was an insurance salesman. “We’ll celebrate tomorrow night. Promise.” She faked a smile and grabbed a handful of his shaggy hair. “When you get back from the interview.”
Zack nodded. “OK.” He climbed off the bed and tucked her back in. “I’m gonna take a shower, then get some sleep, too.”
“OK. Night.”
“Night.”
Zack quietly left the room and headed to the bathroom. She’d never supported his music. Many times, she’d told him to get a second job. She rarely lifted his spirits. However, she was all he had.


CHAPTER SEVEN

The next morning, Shane woke up and glanced around. He’d slept through the night. That hadn’t happened since they’d lost Troy. His eyes landed on the clock. 11:45! He jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom.
After a quick shower, he finger combed his hair as he searched for clothes. He’d planned to have actual questions for the informal interview. That plan was blown to hell since he’d crashed as soon as he arrived home. His stomach rumbled as he pulled a t-shirt on. He groaned and threw on boxer briefs and jeans.
Barefoot, he rushed down to the kitchen. In his stressed state, he couldn’t think straight.
“What’s faster? Eggs or a bagel?” The doorbell rang. “Fuck!” He berated himself under his breath as he walked to the foyer, “Forgot to set an alarm, idiot.” He collected himself before he opened the door. “Hey, Zack. Glad you got here OK.” His stomach rumbled loudly. “Shut up,” he muttered.
“If you wanna eat first, I can wait.” Zack shrugged. “We can always talk in the kitchen.”
Shane smiled. “If you don’t mind. Truthfully, I woke up a few minutes ago. Sorry.”
“It’s cool.” Zack understood Shane was a rock star. He looked around the spotless foyer. “Uh, should I take my boots off?”
Shane walked back to kitchen as he replied, “Nah, if you just bang your feet on the rug there, that’s good enough.”
“OK.” Zack did as requested and followed Shane into the house. His eyes roamed all over. He’d never been in a home that large before. “This place is cool.” He took his bass off and set it on the floor.
“Thanks.” Shane glanced up when a stool scrapped the tile. “You eat this morning?”
Zack stared at his hands on the island counter. “I’m OK.” There hadn’t been anything at home for breakfast. His girlfriend ate most meals at work. “I’ll be right here.”
“I’m gonna make eggs and bacon. You sure?” Shane noticed Zack’s expression. Zack was hungry. “I hate to eat alone.” Shane cracked six eggs into a bowl.
Zack wouldn’t admit he hadn’t eaten in almost 24 hours. “I’m good.”
“I’ll make you some in case you change your mind.” Shane started the bacon, covered the pan and sat on a stool across from Zack. “So, I didn’t exactly plan this out. We can just talk and see what happens.” He leaned his elbows on the counter. “The tour is about eight months long. It’s all over the US.” He paused. “You don’t have warrants or court dates coming up. do you?”
“No.” Zack shook his head. “I’ve never been arrested.”
Shane smiled. “Good. Oh, and we don’t allow drugs of any kind on the buses, in our dressing room or the hotel rooms. It’s fine if you smoke weed, but me, Carter and Dave are recovering addicts, so we can’t touch the stuff.”
“I understand.” Anxiety crept up on Zack. “How about drinking? Is that allowed?”
“In moderation,” Shane explained. “We don’t need a bunch of drunks. The last few times we went out, all hell broke loose.” The more he talked about it, the more he realized they were doing the right thing. “You do realize you have the job?”
Zack’s jaw dropped. “Uh, I do?”
“Yeah, this is just to see if you’re reliable.” Shane grinned. “Unless my bandmates balk at it, you’re our new bassist.” He winked. “They’ll go with what I want.”
While Shane busied himself in the kitchen for a while, Zack sat there dazed. It was a lot to take in. His life had changed.
He was afraid to discuss money. In his pocket was ten dollars, which needed to last him for a week. He was too proud to ask his girlfriend to buy food for him. If not for her, he would be homeless.
“We’ll need you to quit your job, so we can get you caught up quickly.” Shane poured the eggs into a hot pan. “Do you have to wait until tomorrow, or can you quit today?”
Zack panicked. How’ll I pay for Mom’s doctors? Her medical insurance didn’t cover everything. It wasn’t like he had savings to fall back on. He owned nothing to sell but his only mode of transportation.
Shane turned and found Zack frozen with fear in his eyes. “I can front you some money until the contract is signed.” He watched relief cross Zack’s face. “Just a loan, though. OK?” He didn’t plan to accept it back. “We’re a team now. You’ll see. Me, Carter and Kyle are like brothers.”
“Good to know.” Zack’s heart pounded. A loan was acceptable, not a handout. “Um, if you don’t mind, I’ll take toast or something.”
With a burst of laughter, Shane filled two plates. “You’re eating what I’m making.” He set an overflowing plate of eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a bagel in front of Zack. “We don’t eat like birds.” He laid his own plate down, then grabbed spreads and juice from the refrigerator. “I only got orange.”
Zack stared. The plate held more food than he’d eaten at one time in weeks. He stared when Shane kept putting things on the table. Breakfast for him was cold cereal and occasionally oatmeal. He’d lived in poverty for most of his life.
“Um, thanks.” His mouth watered. “You sure you don’t mind?”
Shane watched Zack’s face. He was ravenous. “If you finish that and you want more, go ahead.” I gotta keep feeding this kid. “About your job?”
“I can call them today.” Zack shoved a huge forkful of eggs into his mouth. “Oh my God! This is good! What’d you put in it?”
“My little secret.” Shane smirked. “I’m the cook outta all of us. Gotta make you my lasagna.”
Zack closed his eyes. He hadn’t had lasagna in years. “That’d be awesome.” He cleaned his plate before he even realized it. “I’m sorry I ate so fast. I’m so rude.”
“Don’t.” Shane nodded. “Tells me you enjoyed it. Seriously, if you want more, there’s plenty.”
It took restraint to stay in his chair. “I’m OK for now.” He gulped orange juice. “Is there anything else I should know?”
“We don’t allow girlfriends to travel with us without good reason.” Shane frowned. “We’ve had a few fights over someone touching their woman, so we banned it. Since everyone who caused trouble is sober now, we may lift that, but let’s see how this trip goes.” He glanced up from his plate. “How many tickets do you need for the New York and New Jersey shows? You can invite your family.”
Zack shuddered. “Uh, my girl. My family can’t come.”
“Are you from New York?” Shane sensed Zack was hiding something, but it didn’t seem sinister. A nod was all he got. “You an only child?” He received another nod. OK, 20 questions it is. “Are your parents with us? Alive I mean?”
Zack pulled his bottom lip in. “Sorta.”
“If you need to talk about it, I’m willing to listen.” Shane regretted bringing it up. When Zack said nothing more, Shane decided to share first. “I have a sister who lives in Boston and a brother in Jersey. My parents are still in Long Beach. I don’t have a girlfriend, but I have the ex from hell.” He waited for a minute. “I’m lucky. My parents are always there for me. I get the feeling yours aren’t.”
Zack shrugged. “My mom usedta be. She can’t anymore.”
“What about your dad? Do you know him?” Shane cringed. “Sorry, that was rude.”
His eyes glued to the table, Zack replied, “It wasn’t. I knew him. He left though, about eight years ago.”
“I’m sorry.” Shane felt awful. “Wow, you had to be young. You can’t be more than 25.”
Zack swallowed the pain. “I’m 21.”
The pieces started to fall together, but a few were missing. “Riding your dad’s bike must feel like you have a piece of him.” It was odd the motorcycle had been abandoned.
“Sometimes.” Zack rarely thought of it that way. “He loved that bike. Was the only thing he took care of.”
Shane chanced a question. “Why’d he leave the bike behind?”
“I dunno.” Zack shrugged. “When I found it, it had a flat.” It’d been in his father’s friend’s garage.
He stared at the table. Memories of his childhood flashed by. His father had been a mean drunk who hit him and his mother. He’d disappeared before Zack was big enough to protect her. When he rode the bike, it felt like he was sticking up the middle finger at his father. Ha, ha, it’s mine now!
He wished his mother had taken his father’s disappearance the way he did, as a blessing. Four years later, she shot herself. No one had discovered where she found the gun.
That left him with the burden of the non-life she lived. They called it a permanent vegetative state. If he were a different man, he would end her suffering. She breathed on her own, so the only way to end it was to stop feeding her. He couldn’t do that.
“You OK?” Shane noticed a single tear run down Zack’s cheek. “Let’s talk about something else.” He cleared his throat. Obviously, talk about family upsets him. “You have an amazing voice. Why don’t you sing lead?”
Zack looked up. “Uh, well, I don’t like the spotlight.”
“I saw you working the crowd.” Shane thought he was good at it. “You mean somethin’ more than that?”
Unsure, Zack moved his lips around. “I guess I mean that everyone’s in your face and you speak for the band kinda thing. I’m OK when I got my bass in my hands, but not so much after I put it away.”
“Our fans’ll break you in. Don’t you worry.” Shane stepped over to the stove and doled out the leftover eggs and bacon. “I don’t like leftovers, so eat up.”
Zack was happy to help finish it. “OK, so what’s next?”
“We clean up and head over to Kyle’s.” Shane swallowed what was in his mouth. “He’s got a practice studio.”
“Why don’t you have one? This house is huge.”
“Long boring story.” Shane sighed. “Let’s just say my ex thinks my music is noise, although she reaps the benefits.”
Zack nodded. He didn’t understand completely but women were demanding at times. “My girlfriend wants me to get a real job. Well, a second job. She don’t really support me in this.”
“We’ve all been there.” Shane thought back. “I’m the lucky one. My parents supported my dream, even funded the band for a while. Troy, Kyle and Carter’s parents said they were wasting their time. My ex did, too. Guess it’s not easy to see someone else’s dream. If not for my parents, there’s no way we’d be famous.” He grinned. “I bought them a cool vacation house in Florida. They always dreamed of living there. Too bad my little girl won’t go visit them much.”
That made Zack’s head snap up. “Little girl? You got a kid? Do we have to take her with us?”
“Nah.” Shane took a deep breath. He didn’t want to reveal that his daughter hated him. He was sure her mother had told her he was a good-for-nothing drug addict, which used to be true. Wish I could make her see I changed. “She lives with her mom. Another long boring story.”
Zack nodded. “OK. Sorry.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Less than 20 minutes later, Shane and Zack parked their bikes in Kyle’s driveway. Both had a guitar case strapped to their back. Shane wanted to have his favorite in his hands when they played as a band.
Kyle heard the engines and stepped outside. He cocked an eyebrow when Zack got off the Triumph. Already, he liked the guy. When he took his helmet off, Kyle’s mouth dropped. He’s a kid. However, the way Shane interacted with him put him at ease.
Before Shane set his kickstand, Carter pulled up next to them. He waited for Carter to take his helmet off. “Carter, Zack, Zack, Carter.”
Carter held out a hand when he climbed off his bike. “Good to meet you. Let’s see what you got.” Like Kyle, he expected to be blown away.
Shane followed everyone inside. It was almost surreal he’d found Zack. He didn’t even have to explain pair riding or hand signals. It was impressive. Without a word, they walked straight to the back of the house.
After a glance around the room, Zack threw his bass over his shoulder. “Do you have a normal set of songs you play?”
“Nah.” Shane donned his guitar. “I thought we’d just play and see what happens.” He plugged into an amp and played a few notes. After he’d made a few adjustments, he closed his eyes and let his fingers move of their own free will.
Zack listened to Shane play. The melody spoke to him somehow. The fingers of his left hand drifted until he was sure what he felt. His right hand plucked the strings and the two guitars blended beautifully.
Kyle watched Shane and Zack in shock. They fed off each other. Suddenly, Carter started to play as well. Kyle grinned. He’d already decided to record the session just in case. It was the beginning of a new song. He sat back and waited until all three stopped.
“Damn!” Kyle shouted.
Shane jumped at the sudden voice. “Huh?”
“Tell me you recorded that shit!” Carter was as excited at Kyle. “That was awesome!”
Zack looked around. “That was fun.”
“That was our next song,” Kyle added. “Can you guys write lyrics to it? And I’ll get a drum track down.”
Shane smiled. “See. I was right.” He playfully pushed Zack by the shoulder. “You fit right in.” Gotta remember to thank Tommy. “Why don’t we play ‘Fast Lane.’” He winked at Zack. “We’ll show them just how amazing you are.”
The praise made Zack nervous that he wouldn’t live up to their expectations although it felt good. He let the song play in his head. It was his favorite by Silverblade. Wow, I’m the bassist of Silverblade! He grinned and moved his fingers into place.
Shane was poised to come in on the fourth measure. Carter played the fast and complicated intro fluidly as always. Once Shane came in with his chords, he stepped closer to the mic set up in front of him. He sang the first verse automatically. Then he glanced at Zack who also moved forward.
“Riding in the fast lane again,” they sang together.
Shane sang, “Engines revving, feeling so free. Passing cars like we’re in the Grand Prix.”
At the same time, Zack sang quieter, “You better get outta the way. We’re comin’ through and not here to play.”
Kyle’s lip curved up as he listened to the two singers. He continued his wickedly fast rhythm, and Zack kept up. It was almost as if Troy was with them although Zack’s voice was higher. Obviously, Zack had performed in front of an audience before. Thanks, Troy. He was sure their friend had led Shane to Zack.
“Does your manager have to approve of me, too?” Zack was glad they all seemed to mesh, but big bands needed managers.
Shane sighed. “Well, we fired him. He wouldn’t get clean.”
“Oh.” Zack understood. “So then we book gigs and stuff ourselves? I know how to do that.”
Kyle rolled his eyes. “We need to hire someone. Things are gonna be complicated enough.”
“Who?” Shane wasn’t sure he could trust a stranger with all they’d been through. No one suggested anything. “We’re not headlining. Maybe we can get away without one for the tour.”
Carter frowned. “And who’s gonna take care of shit?”
“Me.” Shane thought it would keep him from temptation. “If it gets to be too much, we’ll figure something out.”


CHAPTER EIGHT

“Zack?” Kyle grabbed a folder of sheet music and lyrics a few hours later. “This is all our songs. We haven’t created a set list yet. Look over as many as you can.”
Nervously, Zack accepted the bulging folder. “You want me to read these and practice?” His heart pounded, and panic rose in his throat.
“Yeah, as soon as we compile the list for the tour, I’ll give you that.” Kyle laid a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “Relax. You got the job. You just need to know our songs inside and out.”
Zack nodded. His hands shook. Without a word, he packed his guitar away and shoved the folder into the case. If only Kyle knew what he’s asking. After several deep breaths, he calmed somewhat. Freaking out won’t look good.
“Dinner at my place tomorrow.” Shane smiled at Zack. “The next Monday we’re gonna be here all day, so you can stay at the house. I got two extra bedrooms.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Zack was glad to save on fuel.
Shane’s eyebrows went up. “I almost forgot.” He lowered his voice. “How much do you need for the week? I don’t want you low on gas.”
“Uh, I dunno.” Zack wasn’t sure what they thought he made.
In tune to Zack’s fear, Shane hid pulling out his money clip from the others and counted out hundred-dollar bills. “How about $1000?”
“Um…” Zack’s mouth dropped. Two weeks’ pay? “Yeah, that works.” He took the cash and stuffed it in his front pocket. “Thanks.”
“I planned to give you twice that, but I didn’t go to the bank.”
“This is more than enough.” Zack grinned at Shane. “Thanks so much. For all this. I can’t tell you what it means to me.”
With a fatherly squeeze of Zack’s shoulder, Shane replied, “Kid, you earned it.” He stepped back. “I gotta get movin’. Seems my daughter may grace me with her presence tonight. She needs a dress, and if I’m paying for a designer one of a kind, I’m gonna help choose it.” He hated clothes shopping. “She’s spoiled rotten.”
“Sorry.” Zack didn’t understand why a little girl needed a designer dress. A wedding? That still didn’t explain spending a ridiculous amount of money. They lived in a different world than he did. “Maybe she’ll put in a good word with her mom.”
Shane shrugged. “Doubt it.” He smiled, not wanting to dwell on it. “I’ll see you tomorrow. I’m barbecuing.”
“How? It’s almost winter.”
With a sly grin, Shane replied, “I got everything. Indoor grill.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Soon after, Zack left on his bike. The first thing he did was fill his gas tank. Then when close to home, he picked up dinner and flowers. Although complicated to carry, it was worth making Rose smile.
He couldn’t wipe the grin off his face. Nothing had ever made him happier than joining Silverblade.
“I’m back,” he announced as he walked in the door.
Rose waved from the couch without a glance away from the television. “Hey.”
“I got dinner.” Her lack of attention saddened Zack. He shook his head and sat next to her. Then he handed her the flowers. “Guess you didn’t miss me.” He wished for some affection or at least a hint she cared about his life.
She smiled and sniffed them. “They’re beautiful.” It was rare for him to show a token of affection. “Thanks.” She set them on the coffee table. “I assume it went well.”
“Yeah, I got the job.” He leaned back and scrubbed his face with his hands. “One problem. They want me to learn all the songs.”
Rose rolled her eyes. “Like that’d be hard for you.”
“They gave me them on paper.”
“Oh.” Her expression changed. “Do you need help?”
He sighed. “Let’s eat, then I’ll see if I can decipher it.”
After he took his last bite, Zack opened the folder. He sorted through the pages for something familiar. “Fats Laen” He studied it harder. Then he groaned. “What does this say?” He handed it to Rose.
She scanned it quickly. “Fast Lane. You play this song with the band.”
“Thanks.”
Sometimes Zack felt stupid. He couldn’t read music and to make it worse, he was dyslexic. No one had helped him learn how to compensate. It had caused him to hate school. He’d become a bully to improve his self-esteem. In junior high school, he had been suspended more than in school.
The only thing that improved his focus was music. He’d started guitar at 10 and learned by ear. If there had been a children’s music school available to him, he would have been a prodigy.
After he had quit school, he’d worked odd jobs: busboy and some construction. However, when his lack of reading skills came up he would give up, embarrassed. It’d haunted him his entire life. The delivery route had come through a friend of a friend. He’d gotten lucky.
“You can use my computer and look for their music online.” Rose felt bad he was lost when trying to read what he’d been given. “If you can’t find one, let me know and I’ll see if you spelled it right.”
He gave her a half-smile. “Thanks.” She didn’t seem to mind helping with reading, but sometimes he wondered if it made her feel superior. “What about this?” He handed her another sheet of paper.
“‘Getting Over You.’” She smiled. “How about I do the searches, and you hit play?”
That time, he heard the mocking tone. He stared at his hands, sure he needed her help. “OK.”
They walked to the small office, and Rose sat at the computer. She typed “Getting Over You” in a browser and searched for a link with the right band name. “There it is.”
Zack nodded. “Thanks. I’ll call you when I go on to the next one.” He moved out of her way.
“OK.” Rose kissed the top of Zack’s head when he sat in the chair. Sometimes she felt like she was his mother instead of his girlfriend. “Don’t work too hard.”
Zack listened to the song and recognized it. He liked Silverblade but didn’t follow them. He only heard what they played on the radio. With a 6-string guitar in hand, he followed Carter’s part first.
He replayed the video. Bass on his lap, he played Troy’s notes. Easy song for him. He went over it one more time to be sure.
Music came naturally to him, unlike anything else in his life. He was still nervous the band would find out he couldn’t read. He regretted not asking for help in school. Most teachers had passed him because he understood the material when tested orally. They’d called him lazy.
Junior high had been harder. That’s when he’d fallen way behind. The promotion to high school had been sheer luck.
He shook his head to rid himself of the past. Maybe they’ll understand? Few had, but he and Shane had a connection.
Rose stood in the doorway. She listened to him sing as he played. His life was about to change, and hers wouldn’t. She had hope for him for a while until she suddenly hadn’t. When that changed, she didn’t know. He was finally about to make something of himself, and she wasn’t included.
The night he’d come home from a gig drunk off his ass came to her. He had fallen into bed smelling of smoke, booze and perfume. She’d asked him whose perfume was all over him.
Barely lucid, he had admitted, “Some chick who likes the band. She was all over me. Fucked her in the bathroom.”
She had hoped he’d made it up, since they had a fight just before he left. The next day, his face pale, he had begged for her forgiveness. Then it hit her. Things had gone downhill after that. The trust died. She hardly cared, but she stayed because he had nowhere to go.
He doesn’t need me anymore. She watched him toss his head back and belt out another verse. The girls are gonna flock to him, and he won’t resist them for long. Then I’ll lose him.
Although she was sure he would leave the next month and never return, she yearned for him. They hadn’t lost that. Sex with him was incredible. Her past lovers were no comparison.
The night he’d moved in, he had showed his appreciation by making love to her like no other man. He made her body come alive. She would miss that most about him. However, a relationship couldn’t last on sex alone. Deep down, she’d always known that. They had nothing else in common any longer.
The floor creaked, and Zack’s head spun toward the door. Rose’s form surprised him. He sighed quietly. They’d never gotten back what they had after he’d cheated. He regretted that night. They were only roommates because of it.
They still had sex although less frequently. Mmm, she promised it tonight. He grinned and went back to work. The sooner I finish this, the sooner she’ll have my dick in her mouth.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the time Zack showered and climbed into bed, Rose was asleep. He groaned. Anticipation had given him a painful hard-on. When he slipped under the sheet, he found her naked. He pressed his equally naked body against her back. His erection slipped between her ass cheeks as he wrapped his arms around her.
“Honey, remember what you said last night?” he whispered in her ear. When there was no response, he slid a hand down her body. “Thought we were gonna celebrate.” His hips thrust forward. He wished waking her up with sex didn’t piss her off.
Rose sensed something between her legs. A finger concentrated on her clit. She squirmed, unsure if it were dream or reality. Warm breath on her neck made her shiver. The pressure increased, and she let out a soft moan. Lips brushed her sensitive earlobe. Something pinched her nipple. An explosion of pleasure forced her awake.
“Ay!”
Zack grinned. “Knew that would work.” He shifted and angled his erection down. “Time to celebrate.” He nudged the head between her folds, rubbing the metal ring over her opening, just how she liked. “Tell me yes, baby.”
She sucked a breath in through her teeth. Her entire body tingled with need. “Yes, please.” Since she freaked out otherwise, he always waited for consent. Her hips pushed against him, allowing him to penetrate.
“Ah, yeah.” He thrust in fully and sighed. With her on birth control, they’d decided to forgo condoms.
“Tight pussy, baby.” He couldn’t help but talk dirty.
Rose closed her eyes. She didn’t like dirty talk much, but when he whispered it, her body reacted. Involuntarily, her vaginal muscles contracted. He wasn’t well endowed, but it was enough for her. The piercing was a bonus. He gasped in her ear. That got to her, too. Most of her lovers were quiet during sex but not him.
A hand over her left breast, Zack pumped his hips slowly. She didn’t appreciate rough, and he’d never admitted that he did. Slow worked with her, though. He ground against her ass, trying to get in deeper, but it wasn’t easy in that position. His eyes closed when she moaned. He concentrated on rubbing her in just the right spot with the piercing.
“You like that, huh?” He bit her earlobe lightly. “Gonna make you cum again, baby.”
She grabbed his hands and cried out his name. Unable to control herself, she writhed against him. He played her body as well as his bass. She gasped for air, blinded. He was still stimulating her internally.
“Keep that up, and it’ll be over.”
Zack sighed in her ear as she continually clenched around him. They hadn’t had sex in two weeks. He shivered, trying to hold back. She dug her nails into his hands, and he groaned.
He couldn’t get off unless the woman did. The only exception being rough sex. That worked quickly. Sometimes pain helped. He’d learned hundreds of ways to force an orgasm because of his need. Rose had been difficult at first. However, her triggers were discovered, and he shocked the hell out of her.
The orgasm that played out gave him pleasure as well, mind and body. After a while, he couldn’t stand it anymore. “Rose… God…” He sighed with relief as he came deep inside her. “Next year’s our year.” Things’re gonna work out. “Night.” She only nodded and leaned back on him.


CHAPTER NINE

The next afternoon, Zack sat on the couch in Shane’s living room with Kyle and Carter. Shane was in the kitchen as he prepared for the barbecue. Zack’s offer of help was declined. He wasn’t accustomed to doing nothing. His leg shook, and he tapped his thigh constantly.
“What’s wrong?” Kyle pushed Zack’s thigh with the television remote.
Zack turned to him. “Um, I’m kinda bored. I work a lot. It’s weird for me to just sit around.”
“Get used to it.” Carter kicked his feet up and set them on the coffee table. “On tour, there’s plenty of downtime. Can’t spend all of it sleeping.”
Unsure how he would occupy himself, he asked, “What do you guys do then?”
“Video games, movies, chicks.” Carter winked. “Gotta keep quiet so Shane don’t get pissed. He’s playing celibate or something. Think he’s afraid of finding another monster like his baby mama.”
Shane glared at them. “I heard that! Stay outta my sex life.” He pounded the raw chicken on the counter harder.
Zack stood and paced behind the couch. “You sure I can’t do nothing? I’m going a little batty here.”
The front door opened. Zack’s eyes followed the young girl who walked into the house and hung her coat up. Under it, she wore a skimpy tank and barely there shorts. He practically drooled as he stared.
Ink peeked out from the top of her shorts, and he was sure he saw a belly ring. Each of her shoulders had writing, but he couldn’t make it out. He hoped to find tats on her chest, too. When she moved, her long dark hair swung.
Zack’s eyes refused to leave her, but her outfit made no sense. Ain’t she cold? She ignored everyone and continued to the kitchen. Unable to stay silent, he turned to Shane and grinned. “Your sister’s hot.”
Shane glared at him. Then he growled at the girl, “Get some clothes on, Abigail!”
She peered around the refrigerator door. “I am dressed.” Her choice of clothing was intentional. She liked to rile Shane up. “I’m old enough to dress how I want.”
Mallet poised to strike the counter, Shane seethed. She’s doing this on purpose. Don’t let her know it bothers you so much. “Where’ve you been?”
“With my friends.” Abigail smirked. “Mom’s not as boring as you.”
She pulled a bottle of soda out of the refrigerator and set it on the island. Her eyes met Zack’s, and she froze. No one had ever visited that she found hot before. She debated on approaching him, but Shane would get between them in seconds.
“Does your sister live here?” Zack asked as he still stared at her openly. He assumed she had to be his sister since she looked to be around twenty. There was a strong resemblance as well. Wait. Didn’t he say she lived in Boston?
“She’s off limits.” Kyle was sure Shane would explode if Zack flirted with her.
While Zack leaned on the back of the couch, he gave her a smirk. “Why?”
Suddenly, Shane stood in front of him. “Stop staring at my fucking daughter!”
Zack’s head whipped around. “Your what?” His mouth hung open as he watched the veins in Shane’s neck pulsate. “No fucking way! She’s like twenty.”
“She’s seventeen.” Shane trembled with anger. “Hands off!”
“Daddy, let him look. He’s cute.” She loved Zack’s hair and hoped he would ignore her overprotective father.
“Get some fucking clothes on now!” Shane shouted. “Don’t ever come here dressed like that again.” He paced, unsure how to deal with her sudden need to hypnotize his bandmates.
“I’m almost eighteen.” She pouted, arms folded across her chest.
Shane scrubbed his face with his hands. “I don’t care. You can’t dress like that ’til you’re thirty.” He hated that she was even more beautiful than her mother and had a body that made men drool. “Why do ya have to do this to me?”
Kyle sighed and stood up. He sensed Shane was about to push her away again. “Give her a break. She’s a kid.”
Abigail put her hands on her hips. “I’m not a kid.”
With a few deep breaths, Shane realized nothing would help him calm down except her covered up. “If you’re not a kid, then act responsible and stop flaunting your body at my friends.” When she didn’t move, he grabbed her by the arm. “You’ll do as you’re told in my house.”
She tried to stand her ground, but he pulled her toward the stairs. “I’ll go back to Mom’s. You’re only a part-time father anyway!”
Shane froze, and his eyes drifted down, devastated. He bit his lip to hide the sting those words had. To get her to stay, he’d spent an obscene amount of money on her prom dress. He had also promised to order a limo for the night.
“That was fucked up and you know it, Abigail.” Carter walked their way. He knew how much Shane loved her and how hard he tried to be a good father. “How could you say that?” He shook a finger at her. “Look at him. You just broke his fucking heart. That crossed the line.”
She pulled her bottom lip in and met her dad’s sad eyes. Guilt washed over her. Her words had cut deep. Since she’d arrived the night before, she had been nothing but a pain in the neck, on purpose. When she was young, her dad wasn’t around much. She saw him as a part-time father.
On the other hand, after Troy had died, he’d given her every spare minute. She refused to give him what he wanted, though. In her eyes, it was too late. Lacey told her he cheated and spent more time with the band than his family. Lacey had also said he cared about drugs and not her. He couldn’t buy her love.
As she watched him fight tears, she realized her mother had lied. “I’m sorry. I’ll go change.”
When Shane released her, she ran upstairs. She had chosen everything in her bedroom. He’d spent much more than necessary. Her mom had urged her to milk him for every penny possible. He hadn’t complained though, even told her he would do anything for his princess. She had the best of everything. And I don’t deserve it.
Zack was still in shock. His hands rose when Shane came toward him. “I had no idea. I’m sorry. You shoulda warned me your little girl was a woman. I was expecting a five-year-old.”
“Hands off,” Shane growled when inches from Zack. “No joke. I’ll kill you if you touch her.”
Dread filled Zack. “OK. I won’t. Promise.” As soon as Shane backed down, he sighed. “Is she what your parents helped you with? You said they were there for you.”
Finally able to let the anger go, Shane nodded. “I don’t tell many that story.”
“I’ll listen if you need to talk.” Zack waited for a response but none came. “Maybe I can unburden on you, too?”
Shane smiled and laid a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “If you promise to keep far from my daughter, stay over like we planned, and I’ll show you my bike collection.”
“Collection?” Zack’s eyebrows rose.
With an excited grin, Shane replied, “Yep, I have twelve running now. The entire first floor is a garage.”
“Damn.” Zack’s eyes lit up. “Like I told you, I do repair. Let me know if you need help with them.”
That piqued Shane’s interest. “I have an 883 Sportster I wanted to switch to forward controls. It’s kinda small for me, though.” He looked Zack over, who was a few inches shorter. “It might be better for you. I should get another 1200.”
Everyone turned at the sound of footsteps. Abigail walked toward the group in a t-shirt and tights. “I’ll behave, Daddy.”
Shane’s heart melted. “That’s my girl.” He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. “I love you even when you’re a brat.” He kissed the top of her head. She hadn’t inherited his height. “I’m not what your mom says I am.”
“OK.” She’d already seen that he wasn’t as bad as she thought. “I’m sorry.”
He closed his eyes and laid his cheek on her. His heart swelled. She rarely apologized and had never tried to see his side. It had helped that his bandmates backed him up. They usually stayed out of arguments with his daughter.
When he stepped back, he met her gaze. “I have practice tomorrow, but we can do something after. It’s up to you.”
“Can I just have my friends here?”
He tried not to be offended. Teenagers were more into their own lives. “Sure, after school. We’ll practice early.”
Zack stood at the island, his eyes glued to the counter. He couldn’t look at her without risking arousal. Shane would knock his teeth out. He scanned the items laid out. Chicken, ground beef, spices, potatoes and some vegetables.
“Can I cut potatoes or vegetables?” Zack asked in the hope for mindless work. He glanced up to see Kyle and Carter back on the couch. “Or something else if you need.”
Shane returned to his spot in front of the chicken. “Can you wash those and cut them up?” He pointed to a pile of salad vegetables. “Abigail’s a vegetarian I think.”
“Vegan, Daddy.” She scrunched her nose at the meat on the cutting board. “It’s good for you.”
“So’s chicken,” Shane muttered under his breath.
She shivered. “Ew!” Her eyes moved away from the counter. “Is Aunt Patty coming over?”
“Not tonight, honey.” Shane sighed. Patty had turned down every invitation to come over since he’d met Zack. Maybe she isn’t ready to meet who Troy sent me.
Zack chuckled to himself as he carried tomatoes to the sink. Their banter was quite amusing. It distracted him from Abigail’s body. How is she only 17? He closed his eyes. It was no use. She wouldn’t leave his mind. Off limits and jailbait! He repeated that to himself to stop his cock from swelling further.
Feet away, Shane returned to tenderizing chicken. Next, he tossed it into a gallon zipper bag with a special marinade he’d come up with. It went into the refrigerator, then he dumped ground beef into a bowl. He had a set of spices he only used to make hamburgers.
“I want mine bloody,” Carter yelled without turning around.
Abigail glared at him. “Ew! How can you eat bloody meat?”
“With my mouth.” Carter growled like an animal. He loved to tease her. The light slap on the top of his head was typical. He laughed and leaned back. She stood over him. “More for me.” He stuck his tongue out, and she pouted.
“Stop instigating my daughter,” Shane called out. “Or you’ll both go in time-out!”
Kyle cracked up and fell onto his side. They had joked about little since Troy died. It felt good. “Dominant daddy.”
“No sex talk around my baby! Not until she’s 30.”
Carter shook his head. “Dude, it’s too late. She’s almost grown up.”
Conversation ended because Shane was angry again. He fiercely protected his daughter from the life he led. Although he’d changed after Troy passed, his bandmates were men, and they talked in innuendos often.
“Let’s hit the pool table and let grumpy simmer.” Kyle got to his feet.
Shane looked up. Abigail leaned on the counter. “If you wanna play too, please don’t tease them. They’re my friends, but they’re still men. I know you don’t understand, but I need you to do this for me.”
“OK.” She walked around and hugged her father from behind. “I kinda get it. Once I’m eighteen, you need to ease up. I’m not like Mom. I won’t try to hop into bed with one of your friends. I have standards.” And Zack seems to fit them.
Shane groaned. The thought of her having sex made him insane. He’d heard from her mother she wasn’t a virgin. That was the moment he insisted they put her on birth control, so she didn’t have to go through what they had.
“Do you want me to stay here for winter break?” She hoped to see more of Zack.
Shane smiled. “I’d love that.”
“It starts Friday.” Abigail leaped and kissed his cheek. “I’ll be back.”
Zack jumped when she brushed against him. “Uh, hi.”
“It’s better if you rip lettuce.” She leaned on him and peered around his body. With her arms on either side of him, she grabbed the head of Romaine lettuce.
Eyes wide, he almost dropped the knife. “Uh, why?” He looked down at her hands in front of him.
“A knife makes it brown faster.” She tore a few pieces off and threw them into the bowl next to him. “Like that.”
Zack closed his eyes. Her breasts pressed into his back. The reaction in his pants was automatic. Through gritted teeth, he muttered, “Thanks. I got it.” A long breath escaped when she freed him. After she left the room, he glanced at Shane, who was none the wiser. I’m in big trouble.
At the island, Shane turned to Zack. “When you have that done, go play pool with everyone else. I’m good here.”
“You sure?” Zack’s voice wavered with fear. His cock was stiff as a board and in an uncomfortable position. “I can do more.”
Shane smiled, glad Zack was so eager. “Nah, I just have to cook everything.”
Although nervous, Zack finished tearing the lettuce. Then he mixed the salad with his hands and set it aside. “Shout if you need me.”


CHAPTER TEN

His coat on, Zack walked out the back door and stepped onto the deck. He needed to get himself together and turn his libido off. Finally alone, he shoved a hand in his pants and adjusted his erection to a more comfortable angle.
This is what Rose’s scared of. She assumed he would cheat again. Although not always easy, he wouldn’t do that. Especially not with Shane’s daughter!
He shivered as the wind whipped around him. It’d dropped at least ten degrees since he’d arrived. Good thing I’m staying tonight. A ride in the cold sucked. Another fact entered his mind, and he groaned. She’ll be close by. Hope she doesn’t touch me again. He took a few breaths and vowed to stay away from her.
The backyard caught his eye. It was as big as the house. He walked to the wood railing and gazed at a covered inground pool. He hadn’t expected that. Several lounge chairs and beautiful landscaping surrounded it. This place musta cost a shit ton of money.
A few feet away, a stairway led to the ground floor. He descended it and checked things out. It overwhelmed him that he may one day be able to afford a home like that.
Shane said the first floor is a garage. He peered in the window, and his mouth dropped. Damn. Bikes all over. Excitement filled him. He’d always dreamed of owning multiple motorcycles.
“Zack?” Kyle called from the deck. He had already searched the house.
“Down here,” Zack replied. “Trying to see Shane’s bike collection.”
Kyle walked downstairs. “I’m sure he’ll bring you in there later. He loves to show them off.” He waved a hand. “Dave’s on his way over. Do you play pool?”
“Yeah.” Zack smiled. “One thing my father taught me.”
With a broad smile, Kyle urged him toward the stairs. “Come on.”
Zack followed slowly. When his arousal wasn’t obvious, he hurried to catch up. They walked into a large rear room. Damn! He’d never seen a game room in someone’s house. Shane owned everything, pool table, foosball, vintage arcade games, pinball machines, a poker table, and even an old jukebox.
Just after Abigail sank a ball, she chalked her cue. She smiled when Zack entered. Too hot for words.
She worried she’d scared him away when she got so close with her father right there. If he had been facing that direction, she might not have chanced it. However, almost holding him in her arms was all she hoped it would be.
Dave walked in. “Time to get the party started.” He set his pool stick case down and took out his favorite cue. “I got next.”
Against a wall was a line of bar stools. Zack grabbed one and sat. Abigail and Carter had two balls left each and the eight ball. Abigail’s talent surprised him. Carter definitely wouldn’t let her win.
She sank another ball, and he smiled. Then the next two dropped into separate pockets. She stuck her tongue out at Carter. Zack chuckled to himself. She’s a spitfire.
Abigail almost wished she had lost so she could sit with Zack and flirt while her father cooked. Instead, she watched him through her lashes and hoped he caught her. He didn’t look at her often. When he did, it was brief. Her dad scared him. Maybe we can sneak around.
She smiled at Dave as he approached the table. “Been a while.”
“Yes it has, little lady.” He pulled her in for a bear hug. “Missed you.”
She gasped for air. Dave was a big guy. He dwarfed her in height and weight. His chest muscles tried to suffocate her. “Dave… Dave… can’t… breathe…”
He stepped back and lifted her chin. “Sorry. Don’t know my own strength. Glad you joined us tonight. What’s Mom up to?”
“Probably husband number six.” Her mother had married five men since she’d left Shane. She had three half-brothers, although none of them lived with her mom.
At least the rich guys saw her as a gold digger. Abigail had always thought it was different with her father but most likely not. They had never gotten married, but no one had explained why.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Shane was still cooking on his state-of-the-art electric grill. Occasionally, he heard shouts from the game room and smiled. Dinner just about done, he felt bad he would break it up.
Minutes later, Shane stood in the doorway, looking at his friends and his daughter. She had kicked Dave’s ass on the pool table, as always. They all tried to beat her, but he’d taught her at ten, and she learned fast.
“Dinner’s ready,” Shane announced. “I’m about to set up in the dining room.”
Zack jumped off his stool, afraid Abigail would approach him again. Then he found an air hockey table in a corner. His best friend growing up had one in their basement. Curious, he checked it out. He debated if he should stuff something in a goal and play against himself for nostalgia.
“I can play this, too.” Abigail was just behind him.
Filled with terror, Zack turned fast. “Cool. Uh, we should go.” He glanced around. Everyone disappeared. Shit!
“Boy, you’re nervous.” She let out a giggle. When he backed up, she moved forward. Men didn’t turn her down. “Daddy’s not here. Relax.”
He put his hands up. “I have a girlfriend. I’m sorry.”
“Damn.” She spun away from him and smacked her shin into the hockey table. Stars blurred her vision. “Ah!”
Zack scooped her up before she fell and set her on a stool. She spread her legs. For a moment, he imagined that he held her face and kissed her while he fucked her good and slow.
He blinked his eyes to shake the fantasy and realized that she’d hurt her shin. Slowly, he pulled up her pant leg. A red mark had formed where she’d hit into the table.
With her bottom lip sucked in, Abigail watched him. The stool wasn’t as high as the ones in the kitchen, so they were eye level. And our hips meet. She almost giggled.
She was about five foot five, two inches over her mother. That would make him five foot nine most likely. She didn’t like boys to be much taller since then they acted superior. By the way Zack treated her, she had control over him. That was how she liked it.
Carefully, Zack checked the red area, glancing up occasionally. If caught, who knew what would happen. To take away from his strong attraction to her, he acted fatherly and kissed the wound. “All better.”
Unsure how to make him see that her father wouldn’t be an obstacle all the time, she leered at him. A conversation might start things going. “You don’t hate me because of what I said to my dad?”
“It’s not my business.” Her lips dominated Zack’s thoughts. If there were no consequences, he would kiss her just to touch them.
That approach hadn’t worked, so she thought of something else. “Did he really kick drugs?”
“Yes. He hasn’t even taken a drink that I’ve seen.” At least she doesn’t want to talk about sex. He still held her leg, staring at the red mark.
She sighed and focused on the top of his head. Such a sexy voice. She wanted to hear it all day. The seriousness of the conversation wasn’t lost on her, though. No one else would tell her the truth about her father. Her mother lied. If Zack told her what she’d wondered for months, she would be forever grateful.
Abigail swallowed. “He used to be different.” Memories flooded her mind. “I hated coming here. He yelled and acted strange.”
Zack searched for a response. Their eyes met. Hers were glassy. He wanted to hug her. “I can’t speak for him, but I know he did a lot just for you. Maybe he got caught up in the music scene, or he was trying to forget something, but he’s clean now. Give him a second chance. He deserves it.”
She threw her arms around him. When he stepped forward and held her, she burst into tears. “Sorry.”
He closed his eyes and pulled her head to his shoulder. “I get it. My dad was a piece of shit. At least yours got help. It’ll be a’right.” How can I not comfort her?
After a short search for them, Kyle stood in the doorway with a deep scowl. Then Abigail’s shoulders shook. He moved closer, and she sobbed. “Everything OK?”
“Uh…” Zack glanced up, guilt written all over his face. “She banged her shin hard. Now she’s crying. I’m sorry. I couldn’t just ignore her.”
Kyle placed a hand on her back. “You OK, sweetie?”
She slowly pulled away. “Yeah, sorry.” She hoped Kyle didn’t tell her father. She tugged her pant leg down. “I must be a mess.” She pushed Zack and rushed to the bathroom.
Zack barely saw her eyeliner running. His entire body yearned for her. However, he had to resist, no matter what. He stared at the empty doorway and wondered why she ran off so fast. Then he looked up at Kyle, pissed as hell.
“You touch her and he’ll fucking kill you.” Kyle tried to keep his voice steady. He thought of her as a daughter. “Don’t look at her like that. He’s gonna notice.”
Confused, Zack asked, “Like what?”
“Like you wanna fuckin’ devour her.” Kyle snapped his fingers in Zack’s face. “You’re mesmerized. She’s seventeen, no matter what she looks like. She’s still in high school. I know you’re young but let this one go.”
Zack had no idea if he could. It usually took him a while to connect with women. With Abigail, it happened at first sight. Although it’d started in his groin, he wanted to protect her and show her love. Maybe talking to Shane more will make her seem like a child in my eyes. Damn, I hope so.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

“Good night, Daddy.” Abigail leaned over the couch and kissed her father’s cheek. “If I’m gone before you get up, then good morning, too.” She laughed when he pulled her onto his lap.
Shane grinned. She’d never been affectionate. That was his fault. “I’ll wake up before you go to school. Love you, my beautiful girl.” He held her close and hoped things stayed that way. “Get some sleep.” He tapped her behind and helped her to her feet.
“Night.” Zack waved.
He didn’t dare say the ass slap had started movement in his pants. I’d like to bend her over and spank her. He closed his eyes, terrified of getting hard in front of Shane. When a dainty hand touched his shoulder, he jumped. His head whipped around. She stood behind the couch with a smile.
“Night, Zack.” She blew him a kiss and smirked when he gritted his teeth. He’s caving.
Once Abigail disappeared, Shane sighed. “Been a long road with her.”
“How old were you when she was born?” Zack didn’t understand how Shane had an adult daughter. He waited, but Shane said nothing. “If that’s too personal, I’m sorry.”
Shane shook his head. “Nah, it’s not. I was just thinking about it.” He closed his eyes. “15 and full of hormones, I fucked Lacey every chance I got. Problem was, I didn’t wanna ask my dad for money, so we bought cheap condoms. They broke more often than not.” He sighed as he recalled how tight they were. “She wound up pregnant before my 16th birthday. We tried to hide it, then thought about getting an abortion, but we didn’t do it.” He glanced at the stairway. “She’s worth it all.”
“So, your parents helped you?” Zack wanted to hear more. “Yours and hers?”
With a groan, he replied, “Mine did. I told my father, and we told my mother together. Then met with her parents. Her father tried to kill me, had me by the throat. He didn’t talk to me after that. At least her mom stayed in our lives.”
“Damn. Where did Abigail live when she was born?”
Shane almost laughed when he turned to Zack, who stared in wide-eyed wonder. It helped to tell someone the story. Troy and Patty had known about the pregnancy before anyone else. He doubted he could have gotten through the ordeal without them.
“With my parents,” Shane finally responded. “My mom stayed home. So, she watched Abigail while we were at school. Then I got a job to help with the bills. Our lives changed so fast, it was terrifying. Abigail would wake up at night, and Lacey shoved me outta bed to go get her. I’m talking your ear off. Sorry.”
Zack smiled. “Don’t be. It’s cool. This would make a great book or even a movie.”
“You gotta be kidding.” Shane rolled his eyes. “More like an after school special. What not to do with your first love.” He pursed his lips. Rarely did he admit Lacey was the only woman he had fallen in love with.
We gotta change the subject. Zack thought hard. “How did you fit the band in with all your responsibilities?”
“Me and Troy started the band that summer to help me forget life. I was stressed out like you wouldn’t believe. Being a dad at 16 sucks balls, seriously. Your whole life… You don’t need to hear me bitching. It’s over now.” He took a deep breath. “Back to the band. We played in the garage for at least an hour every day. Then my dad heard us play. He encouraged us to write our own songs. Then he helped us make a demo and brought it to work.”
Zack cocked an eyebrow. “Where’d he work?”
“Um…” Shane never talked about his father’s career. “Well he’s Phoenix Martin. His parents are kinda weird. At least I got a cool name.”
“Wait. Phoenix Martin-” Zack cut himself off and searched his memory. “As in the Record Producer?”
Shane nodded. “Yeah, he’s retired now. Back then, I let him help us get a deal so Abigail would have everything. My dad felt we were seriously talented. He’s smart. Until his boss listened to the demo, he hid who we were. They were blown away and offered a contract, at only17 and 18. It was exciting, but not as easy as I thought.”
He closed his eyes again. The next few months played like a movie in his mind.
“Lacey resented that I spent so much time away from her and Abigail. She practically raised our child alone for the first few years. I thought I was doing the right thing for our future.” He bit his bottom lip. Thoughts of those days brought on pain. “Enough about my life. From what you said earlier, it sounds like you wanna talk. Tell me about your family.”
Zack told a partial truth. “My dad left.”
“Why’d you look down?” Shane cocked an eyebrow.
His voice as calm as he could manage, Zack asked, “Did I?”
“Yep, looks like there’s more to it. Where’d he go?”
Zack’s mouth hung open for. He faltered at first. “Uh, well, uh, he was… in a bike club…”
“Ah OK.” Shane nodded. “I was too, years ago. We all were. Gotta keep the secrets. If you need to unburden, I won’t tell a soul, just don’t mention names.”
That made Zack relax. A fellow biker understood. Once comfortable, he closed his eyes. “My dad usedta hit my mom when he was drunk. A few times, the Prez warned him to stop. They were family oriented and didn’t take kindly to my dad’s bullshit.”
He concentrated to recall the final incident.
“At a club party, he got drunk and started beating on her. They took his cut and told him to leave. She was taken care of, but he came back and punched her. Someone shot him in front of her. I don’t know where they took him. I’m not supposed to know the truth at all. But the Prez stayed in our lives, making sure we were OK until he moved away a few years ago.”
A wave of relief came over Zack. He’d never told that story to a soul.
“Holy shit.” Shane stared. Zack had relayed the tale in almost one breath, as if he didn’t hurry, the words would disappear. “You went through some heavy shit. I’m sorry.”
Zack shrugged. “I’m OK with it. Thanks for letting me tell you, though. See why I kept his bike?”
“Not really.” Shane would burn it.
“He never let me touch it when he was alive. Every time I get on it, feels like I’m giving him the finger.”
Shane smiled. “That I get. Stickin’ it to him.”
“Bet he’s beating on the gates of hell trying to take it back from me.” Zack laughed when the image came to him. “Hope he’s getting a taste of his own medicine. Karma’s a bitch sometimes.” He glanced at his watch. “Damn, it’s late. Sorry I kept you up.”
“Relax.” Shane clapped Zack on the shoulder. “I’m just as much to blame. Real glad we talked like this. Your secret’s safe with me.”
Zack scooted forward and smiled. “Thanks. I’m glad we talked, too. I never had anyone I could confide in. Kinda made me into an angry teenager.”
“That’s all behind us now.” Shane got to his feet. “Life’s gonna be a whirlwind in a few weeks.” He soon led the way upstairs and opened the door to the largest guest room. “I keep extra everything in the top drawer of the far dresser, in case you forgot something. There’s a bathroom right next door. My bedroom’s up front.” He pointed down the hall. “Knock if you need anything. G’night.”
“Night.” Zack set his bag down on a plush chair and looked around. “Nice.” After he kicked off his shoes, he gathered his toiletries and searched for the bathroom.
Shane waited until Zack closed the door before he opened Abigail’s. He smiled at her sleeping form. Most beautiful girl in the world. He crept into the room and placed a soft kiss on her cheek. When she was young, he’d done that every night. He missed it.
Carefully, he walked around. It had changed over the years. They had recently redecorated it to be more adult-like. The posters on the walls told anyone who entered that a teenager lived there, though.
He ran a hand over a cheerleading trophy. The plaque said Abigail Turner. She had her mother’s last name when born because they weren’t married. They planned to change it but decided against it when Silverblade got a record deal. He hadn’t wanted her to become a target if they made it big. He didn’t regret keeping her out of the limelight.
As quiet as possible, he walked out and closed the door. When he was in bed, the memories hadn’t stopped, but they’d shifted. He had many regrets, but the biggest was the way he’d dealt with the ending of his relationship with Lacey.
After the break up, he had tried to find time to visit, but it wasn’t easy. Lacey wouldn’t work with his busy schedule. It’d made him miss a lot and contributed to his drug use.
On the road, he became depressed. Every time his daughter had called and begged him to come home, it killed him. Drugs had helped him forget. It was no one’s fault but his own that he’d let them take over his life. I’m never letting that happen again.


CHAPTER TWELVE

Shane stood in front of the house the next morning and waved as his daughter pulled away in her Mustang. He’d bought it for her seventeenth birthday. Lacey had tried to get him to buy her one too, but he no longer gave in to her.
On Long Island, a car was essential. Abigail had asked for one at sixteen, but she wasn’t a good driver yet. Although he had been high more times than not, he’d risked sitting in the passenger seat.
He had been smart and bought a beater car for her to destroy and that she did. He had junked it as soon as she drove in an empty parking lot safely.
When she was out of sight, he went back inside. The house was quiet, which told him Zack was still asleep. Since it was early, he headed to the kitchen. To stave off hunger pangs, he poured a glass of juice and tossed a slice of bread into the toaster.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack was most definitely asleep and dreaming of Abigail. He turned over, unsure if what he saw was real. She walked toward the pool table naked. He stared at her, amazed at her beauty. When she stopped before him, he froze, terrified.
In silence, she laid down on the table and spread her legs. Within seconds, he was on top of her, somehow also naked. He groaned as he pushed into her. So sweet. So tight. He held her face just as he’d fantasized. Their lips met as he buried himself into her as deep as possible. Wanted you all day. He moaned softly.
“Zack? Zack?”
A male voice penetrated his dream. Abigail thrashed under him. They were in the guest room, trying to be quiet. If Shane found them, he was dead. His hips moved faster. She scratched his back, and he knew he’d hit the mark.
“Zack, breakfast’s ready. Damn. You’re a heavy sleeper.”
Startled when a hand shook him, Zack jumped. His eyes flew open. Shane’s lopsided grin wasn’t what he expected. He yanked the blanket over his crotch to hide the painful erection in his boxers.
“Uh, hi.” Zack swallowed, afraid Shane would discover he’d dreamed of screwing his daughter. “Somethin’ wrong?”
Shane laughed. “No. It’s 9:00. Time to get up. Breakfast’s ready, so move your ass.” He walked out as he shook his head.
Zack rolled off the bed and stretched. The dirty dream played in his mind for a minute before he got his wits together. Not gonna happen.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Can’t let her get to me. She’s a kid, and I’m taken. His dick had other plans, though. With a scowl, he pulled the waistband of his boxers out. “Not gettin’ any.” He chuckled at himself and grabbed his bag. “A cold shower better help.”
Even under the water, nothing worked. He was as hard as ever because Abigail stayed in his head. He gripped his shaft and stroked it. In his mind, he had her wrapped around it.
In seconds, an image of her naked appeared. He jerked it roughly. The water muffled his soft moans. She rode him hard and begged him to let go inside her. He didn’t stop until he spilled his seed all over the shower wall.
“Oh shit!” Zack stared at the sticky mess and groaned. “Wish my damn woman would give it up more.” He hoped the lack of sex had contributed to his irrational desire for his new friend’s daughter.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Shane was still setting up the island counter when Zack came down the stairs. “G’mornin’ Sleeping Beauty.” He grinned as Zack waved and dropped onto a stool. “Not a morning person?”
“I usually am.” Zack’s eyes widened at the feast laid out. “Just couldn’t sleep. Strange bed and all.” His cheeks heated with the sudden image of Abigail naked. “My shift usedta start at six, so this is a real change.”
Zack had woken up often in the night. Without Rose there, the bed seemed empty. Damn, Rose! Guilt washed over him. Lust for someone else was almost cheating. He leaned his elbows on the counter and buried his face in his hands.
“What’s wrong?” Shane saw a strange expression on Zack’s face.
Zack sighed and glanced up. “Just missed my girlfriend last night.”
“Oh.” Shane forgot he had a girlfriend. “She lives with you?”
“More like I live with her.” Zack breathed deeply to let it go. “Long story. You made a lot.” He waved a hand at the covered bowls in front of them. “You think I’m too skinny or something?” His eyes moved to his plain black t-shirt and back up. “I got some abs. Guess I don’t work out as much as you.”
Shane winked. “That’s gonna change. I have a gym next to the game room. We bring dumbbells and stuff.” He watched Zack eat ravenously for a minute. “Does your girlfriend understand we’ll be gone a long time?”
“Yeah.” Zack swallowed a mouthful of food. “I doubt she’s happy about it. She don’t think my music will make me money.”
An eyebrow cocked, Shane sensed Zack and his girl weren’t close. “Well, if you guys get in a fight over it, you can always crash here.”
“Thanks.” Zack grinned. He had friends but none that helpful. “I appreciate everything you’re doing for me.”
Shane reached over and slapped Zack’s arm. “You still don’t get it, do you?”
“Get what?”
“That you’re in this band.” Shane waited for Zack to look up. “Because of you, we’re goin’ on tour again. We couldn’t do this without you. I should be thanking you.”
Zack’s cheeks reddened. “I’m nobody, though.” He stared at his plate.
“You’re the best bass player I’ve heard other than Troy and Cliff Burton.” Shane shook a finger at him. “Don’t sell yourself short. You have more talent than half the musicians out there making a shit ton of money. The world’ll know your name soon enough. Once our contract is signed, we’ll make the announcement.”
After cleanup, Zack threw his leather jacket on and grabbed his helmet and guitar. He dreaded riding in freezing temperatures, but his bike was his only mode of transportation.
“We’re taking the Mazda.” Shane donned his coat and waved Zack toward the stairs hidden behind a door. “We’ll put your bike in the garage.”
Zack eagerly followed, dying to see the motorcycles. Once downstairs, his jaw dropped. Everywhere his eyes roamed there were motorcycles, parts or tools. Except for the east side of what he considered a showroom. There sat a Mazda Rx-8, Chevy Tahoe and Lexus GX. Rock star and parent vehicles, huh? He laughed at the thought.
“Go ahead, look around. When the weather warms up, you can take any of them out.” He’d seen Zack ride and trusted him. “We ride a lot, but we’ll be on the road for the entire summer.”
“Too bad.” Zack hoped to keep his motorcycle at Shane’s for the tour.
Shane hit the unlock button on his key fob. Then he opened the garage. “Put your bike anywhere.” A cold breeze whipped through. “Shit! I hate cold fronts.” He had always wanted to move somewhere warmer, but Lacey wouldn’t let Abigail visit if he did.
When Zack sat in the passenger seat of the sports car, he sighed. “This is cool.”
“Too bad we have speed limits here.” Shane shifted into reverse and backed out onto the street. “Hit the middle button.”
Zack checked the roof and pressed the garage door opener. “Convenient.”
“Yep, perfect in winter.” Shane liked Zack’s wonder at everything, but it told him that Zack led a simple life because he had to. “If you want a ride home tonight, the Tahoe has a hitch and there’s a trailer in the back.”
With a nod, Zack replied, “Thanks. If it stays this cold, I’ll freeze my ass off riding so far.”
“You live up in Yonkers?”
Zack shrugged. “Yeah, I don’t mind the ride when it’s not 30 degrees.”
“Didn’t realize that.” Shane pulled in his lip as he thought for a minute. “Take the Tahoe home tonight and pull the bike. We’re gonna need you here almost every day. I don’t want you making the trip on your bike. That’s crazy.”
“No.” Zack shook his head, although Shane couldn’t see it. “I can’t do that. If you wanna drop me off it’s cool, but I can’t take your car.”
Shane stopped at a red light. “Then I’ll drive you back and forth. I got nothing else to do.” He paused. “Unless you’re staying with me?”
“Rose’ll blow a gasket.” Zack’s eyes drifted down. “She’s pissed enough I asked to stay here last night.”
Worried he would cause a rift between them, Shane focused on the road again. “It’s fine. I don’t mind picking you up.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Soon, Kyle led Shane and Zack into the studio. Carter was already fiddling with his guitar. Kyle had a cooler filled with water and soda so they didn’t have to leave the room. He sat behind his kit, excited to see how much Zack had practiced.
“How about we start with ‘Getting Over You?’” Shane threw his guitar strap over his head. “You know that one, Zack?”
Zack nodded. “Yeah, I got the songs you gave me in my head now.”
“OK.” Shane didn’t think it was possible. They ran through five songs, and Zack was with them the whole way. “You really did memorize them all. Damn.” He turned to Kyle. “Did you give him the ones off the new album?”
Kyle shook his head. “Only our last set list. How about the ones you wrote over the last year?” Shane had written during his recovery. “We could polish one or two and add it into the set.” He stood and walked over to the bookcase. “Did you leave your notes here?”
“No, but how about the songs the label didn’t want?” Shane unplugged his guitar and helped Kyle search. “Here they are.” He pulled the yellow pad down from the top shelf, then he flipped through a few pages. “This one’s good.” He handed the pad to Zack. “Check this out.”
Zack took it with a shaky hand. He hoped no one noticed he was on the verge of freaking out. With one glance, Zack’s face fell. The page was a blur of curved letters. Sometimes he could make out print. Script? Not so much. His heart pounded. They’ll think I’m stupid. His father used to tell him he was.
“How can anyone read this chicken scratch?” Zack pretended he was joking.
Carter took the paper and laughed. “Yeah, he writes like a doctor. I can read it, though.” He shifted to the laptop open on a desk and typed it up. Within a minute, he handed a printout to Zack. “This should be better.”
Shane sensed something was off. He watched Zack squint. Does he need glasses? Zack checked the pad, the printed sheet and back several times.
“I’ll sing, you play.” Shane set his guitar on a stand. “Then I’ll search for the bassline Troy wrote.” Unsure, Zack closed his eyes and played what came to him.
Shane stared. Zack had played different notes than on the paper. “What was that?”
“Uh…” Zack stared at his shoes and shrugged.
The expression on Zack’s face was telling. Shane shifted into parent mode. “Zack? Can you read?” He remembered another time when Zack had trouble with something written.
“Kinda,” Zack continued to stare at the floor. “Everything is mixed up when I look at it. I don’t know how to read script at all. Sorry, but I don’t how to read music either.” He took his bass off and packed it away. “I’ll go.”
Shane grabbed Zack’s arm to stop him. “Are you dyslexic?”
“That’s what Rose says.”
“You didn’t have to hide that.” Shane moved his hand to Zack’s shoulder. “We can work around it.”
Zack shrugged Shane off. “I’m stupid. It’s too much for you guys.”
Carter blocked the doorway when Zack tried to leave. “It’s nothing to be ashamed of. We’ll figure it out.”
He glared at Zack. When Zack’s eyes stayed downcast, Carter grabbed him by the face and forced his gaze up.
“I don’t know who told you you’re stupid, but that’s not what I seen over the last coupla days. It’s a learning disability. We all got ’em. Yours wasn’t caught young enough.” Carter’s eyes narrowed. “Do I look stupid?”
“No.” Zack didn’t understand where Carter planned to go with it.
After a deep breath, Carter explained, “When I was a kid, I had very little short-term memory. So I didn’t retain anything unless I heard it several times. It took a long time for school to figure it out, but I got help and learned tricks to make it work for me. I write things down and read them a few times. You can compensate. We’ll find an occupational therapist if you need it.”
“I’m fine.” Zack hated tests and being told he was hopeless.
Shane stepped in front of Zack. “Don’t leave because of this. Take a minute to think about it. None of us care if you can read or whatever. As long as you play like you’ve been doing, it’s all good.”
Zack understood they wanted to help. However, he didn’t think it was possible. His bottom lip trembled, so he bit it. He wasn’t used to facing his feelings. It was easier to run.
“I can’t learn new songs from paper.” Zack sighed while he fought the urge to flee.
Shane grabbed Zack’s shoulder. “How did you learn the songs we played today?”
“YouTube.” Zack’s voice was soft.
Shane waved at Kyle, who nodded. “So, we’ll do the same with the new stuff. We made demos for all of them.”
At the computer, Kyle pulled up the rejected tracks and queued up “Last Regret.” No one moved until it was over. Zack smiled, but none in the group understood why. They waited while Zack plugged in Shane’s guitar. Their mouths dropped when Zack played the lead piece of the entire song.
“How the hell’d you do that?” Shane stared in disbelief.
Zack shrugged. “I dunno. I’ve always been able to do that.”
“That was phenomenal.” Carter’s brain swore Zack had heard it before, but that was impossible. “Man, I never met anyone like you.”
Zack’s face heated while he shifted his feet. “I kinda see the notes in my head.” He set the guitar in its stand and plugged his bass in. Next, he played the bassline from start to finish. “See.”
Kyle leaned back even more confused. “You’re a musical genius. Shane, tie him to a chair. We can’t let him go.”
Unable to contain it, Zack laughed loudly. “You’re all crazy.”
“Whether you believe it or not.” Shane walked toward Zack. “You are amazing. No one I know can do that. I could never separate all the tracks in my head. We have technology for that. Your fuckin’ brain can do it. That means you’re seriously talented. Tell me you’ll stay.” He pouted. “I’m not looking for another bass player. If you quit so do I.”
“What the hell?” Carter stepped toward them.
Shane put out a hand. “Zack, you willing to throw this band down the drain?” He folded his arms over his chest. “It’s all riding on you now.”
“Me?” Zack swallowed hard when Shane nodded. The pressure terrified him. He wanted to do it, but fear had crept in. Failure was not an option. “What happens if I agree, and I blow it?”
“Let me deal with that. You play and sing.” Shane threw an arm over Zack’s shoulders. “I know you won’t fail.” When Zack finally relaxed, Shane asked, “How’d you get your driver’s permit?”
“Uh.” Zack turned to see Shane’s stupid grin. It was infectious. He involuntarily smiled. “I took the test four times and memorized the answers.”
Kyle jumped to his feet. “You realize they have multiple tests, right?”
“Yeah, four of them. That’s how I passed. I had all the correct answers in my head. Not all words get mixed up. Guess I got lucky.”
Carter cocked an eyebrow. “Or like we said, you’re a genius. You just can’t prove it on paper.”
“OK. I get it.” Zack’s hand came up. “I’m not stupid. Happy?”
“Yes.” Shane pulled Zack a little closer. “We’re a band which means we lean on each other and have each other’s backs. Don’t forget that.”


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When Shane and Zack pulled up to the house, the driveway had several cars in it. Practice had run later than they’d expected. Abigail and her friends were all around the living room. Shane found all dressed, and no hanky-panky. Thank God!
“Hey, Abigail.” Shane waved. “Everyone else.” He hung his jacket in the closet and approached the couch. “You guys want pizza?”
One of the boys looked up. “Oh shit! Shane Martin’s your dad?”
Shane laughed. Since Abigail had a different last name, it happened quite often. “Yep! Pizza?”
“Please,” several teens answered.
With a grin, Shane pulled Zack toward the couch. “This is our new bass player, Zack.”
“Hi,” the group responded together.
Shane tilted his head. “Pepperoni, cheese and meatball pies sound good? One of each I mean?”
“Yes, Dad. Thanks.” Abigail grinned at him. She had expected him to be angry they were there before he’d come home. “Can you get garlic knots, too?”
Shane nodded. “Sure.” He didn’t understand why she wouldn’t eat meat, yet she ate cheese sometimes. It was the only non-vegan food in her diet.
Zack avoided eye contact with Abigail. To stave off the inevitable fantasy, he hurried to follow Shane to the kitchen. He leaned his hip against the counter and stared at the floor. This’s safe, right?
“Can you ask them what they want to drink?” Shane dug through a drawer of menus. “We’re outta soda. They ain’t drinking beer.”
Nervous, Zack strode to the living room. He stopped close to Abigail so he wouldn’t have to see her. “Shane’s ordering soda. What kind do you guys want?” He got several responses and turned to leave.
“Hey.” Abigail grasped his forearm while on her knees. The muscles under his shirt surprised her. “Did I do somethin wrong?”
He shook his head. “Nah, just tired.”
“Why won’t you look at me?” She yanked him toward her which made him falter. “Sorry.”
Zack grabbed the couch before he fell on top of her. When he steadied himself, their eyes met. He tensed all over. A glance up told him Shane was otherwise occupied. He winced as his cock swelled.
“Not happening,” he muttered to himself.
She let her fingers explore under his long sleeve shirt. The tattoos were hot. She wanted to pull up his shirt and search for ink on his chest and back.
Although she didn’t sleep around, she knew how to please a man. That’ll come in handy. Her mother never closed doors, so she’d seen things she shouldn’t have. She had been taught to give a man she wanted what he needed.
In front of her father, she was a good girl. However, when she wanted a man, she went for it. Only a few had gotten her libido revved up.
“What’s not happening?” She hoped to get him alone again. Her body shuddered any time he was near. She wanted him more than she’d wanted anyone else before.
Zack swallowed and tried to look away, but he couldn’t. “Uh… well... this.” He looked up again. Shane was about to turn around. Zack jumped back, then hurried to the kitchen.
Shane noticed nothing amiss. He ordered from his favorite pizzeria and went upstairs to change. When the heat was on in the house, sometimes it made jeans uncomfortable for him. Basketball shorts were much better.
Downstairs, Zack paced the floor. He had to work hard to suppress the fantasy that threatened to play out in his head. When he paused and leaned over the counter, dainty hands moved up his abdomen. His eyes bugged out. Not again.
“What’re you doin’?” He wanted to push her away but couldn’t make his hands move. It was as if she had some kind of hold over him. “Please,” he whispered. He groaned as his dick twitched. It ached for her.
Abigail lifted his shirt and let her fingers run over his skin. “I see you want me.” One hand slid down, and she cupped his stiff shaft. “Feels good.”
“You’re too young, and I’m taken.”
To encourage him, she squeezed. That made him whimper. “I want this in my pussy. Tonight. When my dad goes to bed, we’ll sneak in the garage.”
Zack panicked. She rubbed him harder, and he shut his eyes. Her hand on his chest brushed his nipples one at a time. What’s Shane gonna do to me? When she pressed her body against his, he almost lost it.
Unable to stop it, another fantasy played out. He turned and lifted her up. Then he shoved her into the wall. Her clothes disappeared, and his cock sprang from his pants. His lips met hers while he rammed his full length into her in one thrust.
Her legs wrapped around his waist as he ground into her. His pubic bone pressed to her clit, and she gasped into his mouth. He withdrew slowly and slammed into her again. Her vaginal muscles clenched, and he moaned.
The body heat suddenly disappeared, and he opened his eyes. It seemed so real. He was still leaning over the counter. Footsteps made him straighten, but then his gaze drifted down. He moved to the island and hid his pelvis behind it.
“If you want, I’ll take you home after we eat.” Shane scanned the group of teenagers. One of the boys had a hand on a girl’s knee. “Uh, on second thought, after these kids leave. I was younger than them when I got my ex pregnant.”
Zack nodded. He didn’t want to know what had caught Shane’s attention. After he’d taken a deep breath, he tried to focus on Rose. She’s all I need. He said that to himself several times. After all she’s done for me, I can’t think of someone else.
He couldn’t understand why a seventeen-year-old turned him on. Four years was a big gap at their age. What is it about her?
By the time the pizza had arrived, Zack could move from his hiding place. He served the kids while he tried like hell to ignore Abigail. It didn’t work. She continually moved into his way on purpose.
After a while, he stuck as close to Shane as he could. That worked. She wouldn’t dare come on to him in view of her father.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About two hours later, Shane walked the last of the guests out. While he was on the porch, Abigail made her move. She cornered Zack in the kitchen again. “Stay tonight. I’m serious.” She stood on tiptoe and whispered in his ear, “I want you.”
His eyes scanned her. He’d seen her in much skimpier clothes, so he had an idea what the rest of her looked like. She moved forward and rubbed her breasts against his chest. His entire being wanted her.
It wasn’t all about sex. Her attitude and confidence drew him in as well as her body. He liked bad girls but had never dated one. Rose is nothing compared to this sweet young thing.
When she goosed him, reality came crashing down. This is so wrong. What the hell’s up with me? He’d had no desire for another woman since he had cheated on Rose. I need to get outta here.
“Ready to go?” Zack called loudly.
The front door closed and Shane walked into the kitchen. His daughter at the refrigerator was a surprise. “Everything OK?”
“Yeah, Daddy.” She grinned at him and poured a glass of milk. “About to start homework.”
Shane shrugged. “OK. I’m gonna take Zack home. Call me if you need anything.”
“I’m fine.” She kissed her father’s cheek, then secretly waved at Zack.
Filled with relief, Zack sighed. “It’s cold. We better get that trailer on.”
“Yeah, temperature dropped a bit more.” Shane set his hands on his hips. “You sure you don’t wanna stay? It’s up to you.”
Zack shook his head. “Thanks, but I can’t. Rose is expecting me.” And your daughter wants to fuck me.
He gritted his teeth when they headed downstairs. This is gonna be a long month. He couldn’t imagine how he would avoid her daily at the house for all that time.
“That New Year’s party you invited me to… Can I bring my girl?”
“Sure. Tommy said we can all bring someone.”
Eyes open wide, Zack asked, “Is Abigail coming?”
“Not a chance.” Shane rolled his eyes. “Tommy Fischer’s parties are legendary. No way am I exposing her to the kinda shit I saw at his birthday party. He had strippers there. Kyle and Carter were all over one of them. No thanks.”
Zack stood at the bottom of the stairs slack-jawed. “Uh… Tommy Fischer? This is a celebrity party?”
“Calm down.” Shane knew that made Zack nervous. “It won’t be like stuff you see on TV. It’s at his place, kinda casual, but black-tie dress. Tommy’s a cool guy. He knew you were the one before I did. We’re gonna have fun. Promise.”
The trip to Zack’s was long because of Sunday evening traffic. It gave them the chance to talk more. Women dominated their conversation.
Shane told Zack the things women would do to get their hands on the band. It triggered hundreds of memories. Then they both revealed they had cheated with a groupie. Finally, he’d found someone who understood. It deepened the bond that had already formed.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Back at his place, Shane dropped into bed naked after a languid shower. He looked down at his oozing, stiff dick and shook his head. Talk of sex for almost three hours had done him in. All the way home, he’d wished he had a new fuck buddy. For so long, women had been available to him 24/7.
Is there a woman out there that I can trust? He debated creating an anonymous account on one of the adult hook-up sites he’d heard about. Then he realized once they met it wouldn’t be anonymous. This is hopeless!
After close to 30 minutes, he was still wide awake. The next day would be busy, so he needed to sleep. He was limited on how to induce it.
To unwind, he turned the stereo on at a low volume. He flipped through the stations slowly. Every channel played a song that reminded him of women.
The music off, he switched on the white noise device on the nightstand. He allowed his entire body to relax. With timed, deep breaths, he attempted to clear his mind. It worked for a few minutes. As he drifted off, images of random naked women flashed by.
“Fuck!” He quickly covered his mouth and hoped he hadn’t woken his daughter. When she was there, he tried to just be Dad. That wasn’t always possible. “Can’t stand it.”
With one hand, he held a pillow over his face. With the other, he used the fluid on his shaft to coat it well. Feet planted, his hips surged up to thrust into his fist. He shook with the need for release. His grip tightened, and he pumped his hips again.
It wasn’t his usual way to masturbate, but he needed to pretend it was something more. His fingers slid up until he held just the head. Then he squeezed.
“Damn it,” he muttered into the pillow. Frustrated, he shoved it behind him again.
Reluctantly, he turned on the television on the opposite wall and muted the volume. He switched to his favorite porn channel and grinned. Perfect. Three girls surrounded a man. Gaze fixated on the action, his hand ran up and down his length. It was easy to imagine himself in the movie. He hadn’t masturbated in weeks.
Soon after, his eyes glazed over. The pleasure increased, and his breath sped up. He gritted his teeth to stay quiet. He stroked faster, fingers coated with fluid already.
Suddenly, his back arched. Spurts of semen shot out. His chest was almost completely covered in seconds. With an exhale of relief, he laid down. It took several minutes for him to realize there was a huge mess to clean up.
He fumbled in the top nightstand drawer where he kept hand towels for just that purpose. After he cleaned up, he easily drifted off. His mind was clear, and his body sated for the moment.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

New Year’s Eve, Shane walked into Tommy’s place with Zack close behind. Kyle and Carter planned to meet them there. Shane wanted to make sure Zack didn’t risk riding his bike on the icy roads near his home.
Southern New Jersey hadn’t gotten hit with the storm that covered the upper part of the state and most of New York in several inches of snow. SUVs came in handy in winter.
Zack glanced down at himself after he removed his jacket and handed it off. He’d never dressed up before. Shane had suggested that they both rent tuxedos, and he’d paid before Zack pulled out his wallet.
He pulled at the collar, uncomfortable. Maybe if Rose came with me I’d feel better? Doubtful. She became increasingly colder each day. It had been almost two weeks since she’d let him touch her. He felt like she didn’t want him around anymore.
Distracted, Zack had to hurry to catch up to Shane. He was nervous as hell. No one was familiar. Seconds later, Tommy Fischer came into view.
The woman on Tommy’s arm was short but super-hot. However, the sophisticated lady that had Dominic Spinelli’s hand in hers held Zack’s attention. He recognized her from somewhere.
“You and Noelle Young, Dominic?” Shane offered his hand.
Dominic shook it and smiled. “Yes. Guess you don’t read tabloids.”
“I don’t.” Shane grinned. “Good for you two. Nice to see you again, Noelle. Promise not to hit on you this time.” He winked. Their last meeting, he had been high but was mostly functional. She had turned him down without batting an eyelash.
Noelle, who was the lead singer of Winter Winds, glanced at Dominic to check for signs of jealousy. There was none. “I appreciate that, Shane. Nice to see you-” She pursed her lips to stop the word “sober.” “It’s been a while.”
“It has.” Shane sensed what she’d omitted. “Everything’s changed.”
That reminded him he’d invited Patty. She normally went to Tommy’s parties with Troy. Although she seemed to have mixed feelings about it, he understood that she wasn’t ready to face the rest of Troy’s peers.
Shane wanted to help her move on some. He wasn’t sure how far she had since she didn’t socialize. The only exception was the foundation she’d started in Troy’s name.
To let the thoughts go, Shane turned to his right. “This is Zack, our new bass player.”
Dominic thrust out his hand. “Hey, Zack.”
“Hi.” Zack nodded. He’d finally realized why Noelle was familiar. “Thank you for inviting me.”
Tommy slapped Zack on the back. “This guy is talented!” He pulled Hailey to his side. “This is Hailey. She’s a… friend.”
Shane shook her hand and smiled. “Sexy dress.” He could tell that Tommy and Hailey had gotten closer, but he didn’t bring it up. The depth of their relationship was obviously a secret.
“Hi, Shane.” Hailey blew him a kiss, grateful he hadn’t let on that they’d met before. “Zack, mmm-mmm. You are a hottie. The girls are gonna love you.” She stepped forward and smacked his ass. “Very nice.”
Zack’s eyes opened wide. “Uh, thanks.” He glanced at Tommy and waited for a punch or something.
Tommy laughed and shook his head. “She’s a wild one.”
“Let me introduce Zack to a few more people.” Shane smiled and waved right before he tugged Zack away. “Some of us have open relationships, but be careful who you sleep with. Some still get jealous.”
Zack nodded. “I’m taken but noted.”
He looked back on the day. Rose hadn’t said a word to him since she’d come home from work. The silent treatment usually meant he’d done something wrong, but he couldn’t fathom what.
“Zack, this is Jon Harris.”
“Huh?” Zack’s head spun around. “Wow, Jon Harris.”
Jon grinned. “Yep, that’s my name.” He was used to reactions like that. “Nice to meet you, Zack.”
Still shocked, Zack took the offered hand. “Nice to meet you, too.”
“Glad you came along.” Jon glanced at Shane. “I was beginning to lose hope they’d find someone in time. Tommy said you’re incredible. Good to hear.” He stood straight again. “The contract is in the works. The holidays set us back quite a bit. I’ll have it to you guys as soon as possible.”
Zack glanced from one of them to the other. “Contract?”
“Yeah.” Shane had forgotten to tell him. “Our old label dropped us. Kinda my fault. Demonfire offered us a deal. That OK with you?”
With a shrug, Zack replied, “Of course, I just didn’t know. Guess I assumed that part was set already.” It made more sense why Shane continued to give him money weekly. “That’ll be done before the tour?”
“Definitely,” Jon assured him. “You each get an advance. We also need routing and account numbers, so we can wire the money. I’ll send you the secure link to the form tomorrow.”
Shane nodded. “Great. I’ll look for it, and we’ll take care of it. Thanks.”
“Damn.” Jon closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. “With the tour and all, I didn’t hire a photographer for the shoot tomorrow.” He glanced around. “Got an idea. Don’t worry.”
Zack leaned toward Shane. “What shoot?”
“Photo shoot,” Shane explained. “We need group pictures with you in them.”
Jon laid a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “Cynthia Katz from Metal and More magazine’s gonna interview you, Zack. So, think about how much you want to reveal. I gave her the exclusive in return for a cover photo in next month’s issue. The pictures will be posted on music news sites and all over the net in hours. Everyone wants to see who the new bassist of Silverblade is.”
“Uh, OK.” Zack wasn’t used to attention. He was nervous he might say the wrong thing. “You’ll be there?” He looked up at Shane, hopeful.
“I will.” Shane patted Zack’s back. “Relax. Cynthia’ll ask the questions. You just answer. If you’re not sure, let me know.”
Jon smiled. “Cynthia won’t bite. She’s the one who did the spread on Wicked End’s sex life. That could of been a disaster, but she’s classy.”
“True.” Zack took a deep breath. “My life’s kinda boring.”
Shane grinned. “Not anymore.” He nodded to Jon. “Thanks. We’ll be there early.” He turned to Zack. “If you want a drink, Tommy usually has the bar in the dining room.” He pointed to it. “Try not to be shy. You’re a rock star now.” He was sure Zack needed a push to socialize. “I won’t be far away.”
Zack nervously watched Shane walk down the hallway to the rear of the condo. He looked around. Everyone seemed to know each other. “Need a drink. Definitely.” He entered the dining room and smiled at the bartender. “Hi. Can I get a beer?”
Crazy Mike, Gasoline’s head sound tech, laughed. “OK. What kind? We got just about everything.”
“Uh, Brooklyn Lager?”
“Coming up.” Crazy Mike uncapped the bottle and handed it over. “You someone’s guest?” He didn’t recognize him from anywhere.
Zack shrugged a shoulder. “Shane’s I guess. I’m the new bassist.”
“Silverblade Shane?” Crazy Mike cocked an eyebrow in recognition. He’d hoped to meet Troy’s replacement before the tour kicked off.
Zack smiled. “Yeah, he wants me to mingle.”
“And you don’t know anyone, huh?” Crazy Mike understood. When he’d been green, it overwhelmed him. “I’m Mike. They call me Crazy Mike. You don’t wanna know why.” He winked, then waved at someone on a stool. “Casey!”
Casey, one of Gasoline’s guitar techs, came to their side of the bar. “’Sup?”
“Zack here is the new bassist for Silverblade,” Crazy Mike explained. “Keep him company while he introduces himself.”
With a nod, Casey tugged Zack from the room. “Come on. I heard we’re gonna be helping you guys out, so let’s go meet our crew.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Meanwhile, Shane walked out to the large balcony. The stress of the upcoming tour had gotten to him. Only a few from their old crew were reachable.
Kyle had contacted everyone registered on the roadie site they used for temporary crew members. No one was available on such short notice. He’d taken Tommy’s suggestion and asked Gasoline’s crew for help.
Brandon had called and said their guys were at Silverblade’s disposal as well. It was a relief, but Shane liked things done in a particular way. He wasn’t sure how it would pan out.
They’d had a Production Manager for the first time on their last tour, which fell apart. Several had switched off each show previously. Since they weren’t headliners that wouldn’t be an issue. Dave was great at whipping workers into shape. They were lucky to have him.
Shane leaned on the rail, glad he’d kept his jacket on. It was cold out. With the tour only a few weeks away, his anxiety was high. Urges had always grown in times of stress. Only a few things could ease the pressure: drugs, alcohol or sex.
For a split second, he wondered if he should ask if Dean brought anything to help. They’d done many lines together over the years. When the stupid thought passed, he remembered that Dean had also cleaned his act up. That left him with alcohol or sex. He had seen no women his type when he’d made his brief rounds. It was early, so more guests would arrive.
It needs to be someone who won’t expect more. The last thing he needed was another leech. He had bad taste in women when high and didn’t yet trust his judgment sober. We’ll see what options I have by the end of the night.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

By the time Shane left the balcony, his hands were like ice. He headed straight to the kitchen. “Hey.” He lifted his chin at a man he didn’t recognize. Then he grinned. “Chris Bradley of Triple Threat, right?”
“Yeah.” It took Chris a few seconds to identify Shane with the goatee. “I like the dark beard with the blonde hair. Nice contrast.” Normally clean-shaven, he debated growing a goatee as well. “Bet the chicks love it.”
Shane shrugged. “I’ve had comments.” He found the coffee urn and poured himself a cup. The cold seemed to have seeped into his bones. “Hope there’s no outdoor locations until it gets warmer.” He smiled to show it was a joke.
“That would be crazy.” Chris laughed.
After a few sips of coffee, Shane nodded at Chris. “I’m gonna check who else showed. Have a good time tonight.” He winked before he entered the living room.
For a few minutes, Shane leaned against a wall and watched the guests interact. Members from Wicked End and Brass Monkey mingled with other band members. He recognized a few actors, too. Single women flirted in every group, most were beautiful but phony.
He zeroed in on Zack, laughing with a few of Gasoline’s crew members. That meant he’d relaxed. Shane smiled. Things had started to fall into place. If only he believed everything would be fine. So much was uncertain at that point.
“Glad you showed.” Craig Hansen, rhythm guitarist for Brass Monkey, leaned on the wall next to Shane. “Congrats on getting a bassist. He’s cool.” He playfully elbowed Shane’s arm. “Tommy’s friend Crystal should be here tonight. You’ll like her. Dying to get my hands on her. Her eyes give away so much. You know when they look down?”
Shane cocked an eyebrow. “You mean as in submissive?”
“Yep.” Craig grinned. “If Tommy hadn’t played jealous the day I met her, she woulda been bent over my fucking bed.”
Craig was an absolute man-whore. Once he nailed the girl he was into, he would seek out another. Shane didn’t make a habit of pursuing women. He hung onto the ones who interested him, but if they decided to leave, it didn’t matter.
“Speak of the devil.” Craig licked his lips while Crystal spoke to several people near the front door. “Didn’t see her come in. Fuckin’ A. Her tits’re bustin’ outta that dress.”
Curious, Shane turned. He immediately recognized her from the video Tommy had filmed of a band. The bassist of Triple Threat. She’s definitely not a teenager. Her dress caught his attention. When she moved, it was like a work of art. Damn.
He listened to her high pitched, yet soft voice when she replied to someone. She was polite and friendly, unlike his usual hookups. I’m interested in that. The well-built man next to her threw an arm over her shoulders.
“She’s taken,” Shane mentioned. “That sucks.”
Craig smirked. “Don’t matter.”
“Yes it does.” Shane wouldn’t do attached chicks without their man’s approval. “It’s not right.”
With a wink, Craig replied, “From what Tommy says, she’s worth a punch in the mouth.”
Shane shook his head. Tommy didn’t talk about his conquests, so Crystal had to have something most did not. He scanned the room again. Tommy pulled Crystal away. He grinned when Tommy took her to his bedroom. Maybe she’s not off limits after all.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Across the room, Zack was talking with Phil and Sam. They were part of Triple Threat and Gasoline’s crew, respectively. The guests acted like everyday people. The party wasn’t as stuffy as he’d expected.
Even with Shane’s description of Tommy’s last shindig, he had worried. He hadn’t anticipated he’d fit in. Casey and the rest of the crew eased his worry.
Dave came up to Zack and clapped him on the back. “Met this crazy bunch, huh?”
“Uh, yeah.” Zack turned and smiled. “They were telling me about backstage.” Dave had been around plenty over the past few weeks. “I hear you’re the wild one.” Zack had listened to a few stories about Dave and groupies. It sounded like women flocked to him. “Maybe you can hook me up.” He laughed, only half-kidding.
With a sly grin, Dave bumped Zack’s arm. “I’ll show you the ropes and get you the hottest chick. Break you in the right way.”
“Cool.” Zack had no doubt Dave would train him right. Anywhere they’d gone, he attracted women. Zack figured his physique, the plethora of tattoos and his confidence did it. “I like short girls. They make me feel taller.”
Dave rolled his eyes. “You’re not short.” He was only a few inches over Zack. “Plenty of chicks in your range.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Shane hadn’t moved. He spotted Tommy walking toward him and called to him, “I wanna talk to you.”
“What’s up?” Tommy pulled Shane into the empty kitchen. “Something wrong?”
With a head shake, Shane replied, “Nah. That Crystal chick. She’s a cutie.” He wasn’t sure how to ask. “Uh, so... you and her... I saw the video you sent Kyle. You guys have something going on behind Hailey’s back?”
“Hell no!” Tommy cocked an eyebrow. “I wouldn’t do that to her. It’s hard to explain. Open relationships’re complicated.”
Shane’s eyes lit up. “Her man shares?” That nixes the awkward goodbye.
“Yeah, but he’s picky.” Tommy winked. “I get that sweet pussy every few weeks.” Alcohol had loosened his tongue somewhat. “Wish she’d cum all over me tonight, but I promised Hailey I wouldn’t leave her alone with so many guests to entertain.”
Tommy had never raved about a conquest, except Hailey. That piqued Shane’s curiosity even more. “You think he’d be cool if I asked for a taste?”
“Ah, I get it.” Tommy was slightly jealous. He had already told Crystal that Craig wanted her. Although he had confidence she would always crave him, he worried sometimes. “You want me to set things up?”
Confident, Shane shook his head. “I’m gonna talk to her man first. Need to make sure he’s good with it before I approach her.” His eyes caught blue, and Crystal came into view. Just a glance at her made desire build.
Kyle peeked into the kitchen and grinned. He followed Shane’s fixed gaze. Finally, he’s checking out women. “Nice choice.” Kyle had spotted several he wanted to meet.
“Huh?” The voice shocked Shane. “Oh, hey, Kyle.”
“You need to get laid.” Kyle winked at Shane as he entered the room.
Shane rolled his eyes. “Why do you guys remind me so often?”
“Because you need to hear it.” Kyle jerked his head toward Crystal. “Go for it and don’t get her number. This way there’s no crazy to deal with.”
Shane nodded. “I plan to.”
“That’s the Shane I know.” Kyle smacked him on the back. “Tommy has an extra bedroom, office, gym and some other room at the end of the hall. Hide out in there and get what you need.” He dug in his pocket for a condom and shoved one in Shane’s hand. “Use it well.”
When karaoke started, Shane headed down the hallway again. He hadn’t shed his jacket yet. His plan was to go outside. When a dainty hand suddenly grabbed his, he spun around.
“I’ve been waiting for you, Shane,” she purred while she licked her red glossy lips.
Shane assessed her in an instant. “Not interested.” I don’t need another bottle blonde. He almost laughed at the thought, since he was technically a bottle blonde, too.
“Just want a good time. Promise.”
He glanced around. A few couples groped each other in the open. Tame for a Tommy Fischer party. “Not the right place for this.”
“Don’t pass up pussy,” Craig said as he walked out of the bathroom next to them.
Shane rolled his eyes, then his gaze moved down when a hand slid into his pants. “What’re you doing?”
“Finding this.” She gripped his soft shaft. “You a grower or a shower?”
A gasp escaped his lips as she stroked him slowly. Powerless to stop her, he watched her lower his zipper and set his cock free. She encouraged it to swell.
“Nice,” a female voice came from nearby.
The girl before him got to her knees and sucked his half-hard shaft into her mouth. “So big.” She mumbled while taking him deep.
“Fuck.” Shane gritted his teeth while he tried to keep his breath steady. The surge of pleasure numbed all other thoughts for a few seconds. “Wait.” He pushed her head back. “Not like this.”
Before he changed his mind, she stood and guided him into the bathroom. “It’s OK to be shy.”
“Uh… Oh God.” He grabbed the wall when she swallowed him whole again. She sucked so hard, his legs trembled. “Fuck… Fuck…” He shut his eyes tightly. “Gonna…” He growled as he bathed her throat. Finally able to think again, he muttered, “Sorry.” He rarely came so fast, but it had been too long since a woman had touched him.
She pulled back and grinned at him. “You can make it up to me by fucking me with that huge thing.”
“I will later.” He leaned on the vanity heavily.
She rose to her feet and tapped his nose. “I’ll hold you to that.” Then she disappeared into the hallway.
It seemed like hours passed when he could think again. The relief was immense. By the time he stood straight, he wanted more. The door unexpectedly opened. “I’m done.”
“OK.”
Shane smiled when he realized it was Crystal’s man. “Hey, I’ve been meaning to talk to you anyway. Shane Martin.” He held out a hand.
“As in the Shane Martin? Uh, Giovanni.” He took the offered hand. “Sorry. Didn’t recognize you.”
That made Shane smile. “I get that a lot. It’s the blonde hair. Anyway, I wanted to know if I could borrow your girl.”
“Borrow?” Giovanni cocked an eyebrow. “If you mean as in sex, we do threesomes. No one gets her alone.”
Shane nodded. “Sure, makes sense. Do you mind if we all talk and see where it goes?”
“Sounds like a plan.” Giovanni stepped out of the way. “I’ll bring her to you in a little while. Meet us in the living room.”
When Shane made it back to the living room, someone he didn’t recognize was singing “Addicted” by Saving Abel. He muttered the words to himself as he wove through the group looking for Craig or Zack. Craig sat on the sectional with a perfect view of the singer. Shane took the empty seat next to him.
“You nail her?” Craig asked with a smirk. “You look better.”
Shane couldn’t help but smile. “Blowjob.”
“You need pussy.” He pointed to Crystal as she walked with another woman to the karaoke mic. “That pussy is mine.”
With a sly grin, Shane responded, “Get in line. I asked her man for a piece and sounds like it’s a go.”
He toyed with his bottom lip as Crystal sang with her companion. They’d chosen “Getting Over You.” A Silverblade fan? Nice. Several times during, she swayed and more of her breasts became exposed. He wanted to hold them and fuck her from behind.
After the song ended, he watched her talking to Giovanni. Then he grinned when they approached. Even her walk was sexy. How am I ready to go again? He shifted his hips and wished his arousal wasn’t so obvious. She sat between him and Craig.
“You know my fiancé, right?” Giovanni asked with his eyebrows up.
Shane’s eyes didn’t leave Crystal’s exposed leg against his. He was oblivious to Craig voice. “You must be Crystal.” No recognition on her face. “I’m Shane.” He extended a hand. Her mouth opened, and he wanted to taste her lips.
“Um, I—I—I am.” Crystal took his hand. “Wow, I’ve seen you guys play dozens of times. I didn’t know you—Damn, you look nothing like your pictures.” Her eyes moved to his short, dark goatee, then to his blonde hair repeatedly.
“I know.” Shane gave her his best smile. “I grew out my hair and changed the color. You like?” He rubbed his facial hair when he noticed her excited reaction.
Crystal bit her lip. “Uh, yeah. Looks great.”
“I’m just having trouble with it frizzing up. Feel this.” Shane picked up her hand and let her fingers slide over the strands on his shoulder. “I bet you’d know how to tame it.”
His other hand found the slit in her dress, and he inched his fingers under it. He felt her caving. Her breath came quicker, and her hips shifted slightly. He hadn’t forgotten the signs. If it hadn’t been one of Tommy’s parties, he wouldn’t have been so bold. Sex in the open was commonplace.
With a nod from Giovanni, he turned her face and pressed his lips to hers. Need flooded his body. He moved her hand to his neck. He had the urge for her to hold him as well. To entice her further, his tongue caressed her lip, and his fingers inched under her dress.
She responded, though obviously nervous. He took full advantage and slipped his tongue into her mouth. She sighed and slid hers around his. He placed her other hand on his shoulder since he expected to fuck her right there.
“Not here,” Giovanni suddenly uttered.
Shane pulled back. “Oh, sorry. Tommy told me you share.”
“Well, yeah.” Giovanni glanced over his shoulder. “But her ex is here, and she doesn’t like him knowing about our… um… openness. If you guys wanna take this someplace else…”
Shane touched Crystal’s cheek and hoped she wanted to continue. “We could rent a hotel room.” His cock strained to be free.
Her eyes met his. “Sure.”
The longing in her expression made it impossible to hold back. “Do you want us to fuck you?” Consent bled from her pores, but he needed her to voice it.
With desire in her tone, she replied, “Hell yes, any time, any day.”
“We can’t make it obvious.” Giovanni pulled Crystal to a standing position. “Maybe after some people go home? You guys good with that?”
Craig and Shane both nodded in agreement. It disappointed Shane when Tommy called for Crystal and they walked away. He watched her in the kitchen for a minute. Her lips had been so soft. The urge grew stronger. He needed her. She’d be safer than blowjob chick. No risk of crazy.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack had witnessed the entire scene. He stood near the kitchen with his mouth still agape. The conversation about the party came to mind. No wonder Shane didn’t want Abigail here.
He glanced around. There were a few couples making out. None seemed to take it as far as he thought Shane had planned to. Zack never had sex in the open. He guessed it was thrilling.
If Rose had come, he might join in. While she continually pulled away, he couldn’t bring himself to cheat on her again.
His gaze shifted to Crystal for a few seconds. She was attractive but not his type. He liked subtler girls. Except for Abigail. His attraction to her made no sense. Although, when she didn’t try to drive her father crazy or come on to him, she was almost sweet.
For the past week, she’d stayed with Shane. It terrified him to stay at the house. She hadn’t gotten him alone often. He’d avoided her like the plague when possible. The last thing he needed was to encourage her infatuation.
Stop thinking about her! It did no good to berate himself. He couldn’t erase the feelings that had developed for her. They were much more than lust. He refused to admit that, even to himself.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

By midnight, Giovanni hadn’t mentioned leaving for a hotel. Shane assumed he’d changed his mind. The groupie who’d given him a blowjob had approached him since, hoping for more. He wanted to save his energy for Crystal. Oh well.
What am I worried about? He’d always been able to keep going for hours, so he knew stamina wouldn’t be an issue. As long as he had a slight break in between, he could orgasm several times. Most of his girlfriends had pushed him away after the second time. He hadn’t found a woman who drained him enough to satisfy him. Thought Crystal might do it.
“Finally ready, sexy?” The bottle blonde slinked up to Shane.
Shane’s eyes shifted down. “It seems so.” He led her to the guest room. “Wow! Unoccupied. Take off your clothes.” He wanted to get what he needed and leave.
“What about you?”
He glanced at her as she removed her clothing. “Don’t worry about me. You’ll get my cock.” He opened his belt and pants, but he planned to stay mostly dressed. “On your back. Ass over here.” He tapped the end of the bed next to him.
“But…” She pouted. “I wanna look in your baby blues when you fuck me.”
Shane hoped she didn’t plan on more than sex. “You can see them fine from down there. Lose the bra.” A good view might help him orgasm. Especially since he wanted Crystal instead. As suspected, she had implants. Oh well.
When nude, the blonde got into position and waited. “Should I do anything?”
“Yeah.” Shane freed his cock. “Get me hard.” He almost changed his mind because she didn’t turn him on enough. When her lips wrapped around the head, he sighed. “Work it good.” He imagined Crystal instead. As soon as he was fully erect, he pushed her forehead back. “Lay down.”
Condom in place, Shane spread her legs wide and lined his erection up. He thrust in slow and frowned. She gave too easy. Normally, initial penetration took patience. What’d I expect? He was sure he’d seen the blonde with someone else that night. She definitely got around.
To make the best of the situation, Shane pushed in hard and hit her cervix. “You OK?”
“Uh, I guess.”
He nodded. “I’ll watch my depth.” He sometimes hated being well endowed.
Without another word, he withdrew and rammed back in, careful not to hurt her again. His eyes closed as he settled into a fast rhythm. He widened her thighs further.
Ugh, waxed? It made women seem like young girls to him. Although disappointed, he watched his shaft disappear into her depths again and again. She tightened her canal, and he let out a moan.
The door opened and surprised him. He ignored it. A distraction would make it take even longer. When no one said anything, his lifted head. Crystal stood feet from him, staring at his dick. He hoped her expression meant she was impressed, not terrified of it.
To get her attention, he winked. “The more the merrier.”
“Just the way I like it.” Crystal glanced at Giovanni. “I can have them both?” The wink from her man was all she needed. Her eyes shifted back to Shane.
Craig moved toward her. He opened his belt, his cock painfully hard. “Look, I’m gonna cum fast the first time, but I’ll make it up to you. I been dying to fuck you for hours.”
Giovanni said something, just before he walked out. Shane prepared to pull out of the blonde to see if Crystal still wanted him. All of a sudden, Craig shoved Crystal down onto her belly and pushed his dick into her. She obviously hadn’t expected it.
“Mmm, tight. Nice,” Craig bragged. “Shane, this is a good one.”
“Wait! Not yet!” Crystal cried out. Giovanni had told her to wait for him to be present.
Shane became concerned when Crystal began to struggle. “Hey…” The blonde’s pelvic movements distracted him. Finally, she’s doing more than just lying there and taking it!
Craig held Crystal’s hips and eased in deeper. He didn’t want to hurt her. “I’ll be gentle at first, honey. Relax.”
Fascinated, Shane watched Crystal. She no longer struggled. That expression was definitely pleasure. When Craig started fucking her hard, he couldn’t avert his gaze. She was into it, even in the prone position. His knees almost gave out when she squirted. He loved that.
The door opened, but he paid no attention. A euphoric feeling washed over him, and he moaned loudly. Without a care about anything else, he let the orgasm play out, still thrusting slow. When done, he glanced down at the filled condom and wished he had another.
The boxes on floor next to the nightstand came into view. He grinned. Tommy thought of everything. Someone must’ve knocked them down. He yanked off the used one and tossed it in a small garbage can. Then he put two fresh packets in his pocket.
The bed moved and caught Shane’s attention. Crystal was on her feet. Her man slid the straps of her dress off her shoulders. It pooled at her toes. Shane groaned. She was clad only in thigh-high stockings and heels. Unconsciously, he gripped his erection and stroked it. He didn’t move as the couple kissed until Giovanni waved a hand at him.
Glad he could participate, Shane pulled Crystal backward. His lips met hers, then turned her body to face him. Eager, he urged her on. Once she opened her mouth to him, his eyes closed. His tongue circled hers with languid motions.
Passion built fast. He wanted her bad. His hands slid down until he reached her ass. He squeezed the soft cheeks and pulled her closer. When she unbuttoned his shirt and ran a hand over his chest, he almost smiled.
For a brief moment, she turned to Giovanni, but he forced her back. Shane glanced at the other man, glad they were the same height. He had plenty of threesomes in his life. The proposed position would be complicated, but he’d accomplished it once before.
His gaze drifted down, and he met Crystal’s curious eyes. Unable to resist, he kissed her again as he closed a hand over her left breast. His body ached for her.
Voices came from the bed, but Shane ignored them. Focused, he leaned down and kissed Crystal’s neck. “You ready for me yet?” He only wanted to sink into her and have her react as she had for Craig.
“Yes, please fuck me.” Crystal whispered.
Shane rolled a condom on fast. So as not to waste time, he lifted Crystal up and wrapped her legs around him. With caution, he brought her down onto his cock. Her hands gripped his shirt. It wasn’t easy in the least to keep her steady. Good thing he worked out daily.
“You’re still tight, damn.” She felt like heaven to Shane, compared to the blonde. He took his time. “You OK? Does it hurt?”
She clung to his collar. “A little, but I’m OK.”
“You in yet?” Giovanni asked.
Shane shifted her in his hands. “Almost. I can’t rush it, or she’ll scream.”
“She’s tougher than you think.” Giovanni winked at him. “You should see the size of some of the guys she’s been with.”
When the tip of Shane’s dick brushed her cervix, she moaned. Shane grinned madly. She likes it deep? Good. He lifted her up one more time. When he slid her back down, his eyes shifted to Craig briefly. “Oh, man. She can even take all of me. Not many can. I’m gonna enjoy this.”
Giovanni held onto her. “Relax, my love.”
Over Crystal’s shoulder, Shane watched Giovanni push his dick into her ass. Seconds later, he felt him through the thin wall of skin separating them. It had been almost two years since he’d shared a woman with someone. It never ceased to amaze him.
He liked it better when he knew the guy, so they had trust. The ache inside him let him ignore the fact they’d only met that night.
When Giovanni bottomed out, Shane shifted his lips to Crystal’s ear. “Hold on tight.” His attention shifted to Giovanni. “You ready, man?”
Shane gripped her upper thighs and lifted her up, unsure if his idea would pan out. When Crystal hugged his neck and laid her head on his shoulder, he smirked. Giovanni moved, and Shane lifted Crystal so they could drill into her. The first stroke told him it wouldn’t work. He flashed back to him and Carter doing a groupie together. In sync, it was easier than expected.
“Help me hold her up.” Shane hoped that worked. “Moving her is making it too complicated.”
Crystal suddenly cried out, “Fuck me. Please!”
“We will, baby. We will.” Shane closed his eyes when she clenched within. She was more aroused than he thought.
Seconds later, Shane and Giovanni held Crystal in place while they withdrew together and slammed into her. She screamed loudly. Her head landed on Giovanni’s shoulder. Shane gritted his teeth. She convulsed around him in an amazing rhythm. A shiver ran down his legs. Just what I needed.
Unable to control himself, Shane thrust in hard. Thankfully, Giovanni anticipated the move and did the same. Another cry from Crystal fueled their pace. Shane grunted as his hips smacked into her repeatedly.
Her thighs tightened their grip every time she screamed. He sensed her pleasure inside him somehow. With each sound she made, the urge for more built. Fluid ran over his balls, and he moaned. That meant his pants would be wet, but it was one of his many turn-ons.
The door opened again. “Hey, we can all hear her.” Tommy approached them with a bandana in his hand. He kissed Crystal’s cheek before he gagged her. “Sorry, babe. The neighbors are gonna hear you.”
Crystal struggled and whimpered but didn’t let Shane go. She gripped him tighter, slightly scared.
“She is fuckin’ loud,” Craig agreed.
Giovanni nuzzled his woman’s neck. “I like her loud.”
“So do I,” Shane added. “But watching her try to scream should be just as good.”
As soon as the door closed, Shane and Giovanni alternated, making her cry out. “Oh yeah, that is hot.” Shane sighed as she dug her nails into his skin. Her fingers on his skin was electrifying. She continually pulsed within. He squeezed her legs to get control of himself. “Fuck. She’s trying to make me cum. If she does that again, I’m gonna blow.”
Giovanni moaned. “She’s amazing. Ain’t she?”
“Ya, definitely.” Shane was pleasantly surprised that she filled a specific needed. When she fell over edge yet again, the end was inevitable. “Fuck! I’m gonna cum.” Shane grunted and ground into her as his cock spurted into the condom.
Giovanni whispered, “God, Crystal.”


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Suddenly, Crystal’s body sagged. Shane caught her head before she tipped them all over. “She passed out.” He held her close as Giovanni stepped back and tugged the bandana off her mouth. “Clean up and get her some water. I’ll lay her on the bed.” He slowly walked toward it. “Craig, move over.”
Craig shifted to the left. “What happened?” The blonde was too eager to be his type. His attention turned to Crystal. “She OK?”
“Just passed out.” Shane laid her down and pulled out. “Get her up more.” He tossed the spent condom and hurried back to her. “You weren’t kidding. Sweet pussy.” He tugged his shirt off and smiled at her peaceful expression.
Craig winked. “Yeah, and you guys were tearing her up. No wonder she couldn’t take it.”
“Hope she’s up for more.” Shane brushed the hair from her face. Worry set in.
Curious, Craig asked, “What you got in mind?”
“Double rock star?” Shane smirked. “If her man doesn’t object.” The mattress dipped. His eyes drifted down when Crystal stirred. “Crystal, you OK?”
She blinked a few times, shocked at her position. “Um, how’d I get on the bed?”
“You passed out,” Shane explained.
“I did?” She tried to sit up.
Shane held her down by the shoulder. “Wait. Lie down. Giovanni went to get you a drink. That good, huh?”
“Yeah, obviously a bit too good.”
Craig laughed. “When you’re ready, we got somethin’ else for you.”
When Giovanni reentered the room, Crystal sat up. “You wanna go home?” He handed her a bottle of water. “It’s all up to you.” His open shirt brushed her legs.
Crystal took several sips. “I’m fine now.”
The front of Shane’s slacks wasn’t as bad as he expected. He blotted the area a few times with a towel from the dresser. Giovanni’s voice distracted him.
“You look like you’re gonna rip Shane’s pants off.” That obviously excited Giovanni.
Not long after, Crystal said, “Take me.”
With a grin, Shane glanced back at the bed. Craig had made his move. They kissed for a while. It was no surprise his cock swelled yet again. The blonde spoke, but his attention focused on Crystal’s desire filled expression.
Craig waved a hand. “Shane, gag her again.”
In a rush, Shane grabbed the bandana from the floor and gagged her. When Craig spread her legs wide, Shane licked his lips. He couldn’t look away while Craig ate her out. She thrashed and tried to scream. It was beyond hot.
Shane moved next to Giovanni, who seemed mesmerized by his girl getting off. “Hey, can I fuck her again?”
“Sure.” Giovanni rubbed his growing cock. The scene before him drove him crazy. “Damn! She never does that to me.”
Shane glanced up to see Crystal holding Craig’s head in place.
Craig eventually lifted his head, panting. “Get a tongue ring. She seems to love it.”
“Damn.” Shane could tell Craig got off on giving oral. Most rarely went down on groupies. You never know where they’ve been. “He’s gonna make her pass out again.”
Craig climbed to his knees. “I think it’s too much for her. Gimme a condom. Unless you want me fuckin’ her bareback.” He shed his underwear and gazed down at Crystal.
As soon as Craig penetrated her, Shane undressed almost fully. He stood next to the bed and nodded at Craig. “Roll over. Let me in there, too.”
In seconds, Craig had flipped them and pulled her knees toward his chest. Shane rolled on a condom as he stared at her backdoor. He turned and waved at Giovanni. “Gimme that.”
Giovanni saw the bottle of lubricant and handed it over. “Wait.” He leaned in close to Shane. “She likes DP in her pussy.”
“You sure she can handle it?” Shane asked, afraid he would tear her.
With a nod, Giovanni whispered, “She can.”
Shane climbed on the bed and knelt behind Crystal. As Craig ground into her, Shane applied a liberal amount of lube to the condom. Carefully, he pressed the tip of his erection into her. He gritted his teeth. So fucking tight!
When the head disappeared, he paused. “Crystal? You into this?” Her nod eased his slight worry. As soon as he felt her relax, he pushed in further.
Giovanni couldn’t take it anymore. He unfastened his pants and also got up on the bed. He knelt next to Crystal. “Suck me.” He took the gag down, then waved his engorged cock at her face. When she opened her mouth, he slid his erection in halfway.
The scene did a number on Shane. Group sex had been his favorite thing years ago. He wished the blonde was trustworthy, so she could join in. It surprised him that Giovanni hadn’t even looked at her. Isn’t this a free for all?
“I’m bored,” she whined, right on cue.
“Giovanni, how can you let her be lonely? Fuck her.” Craig found it odd.
While he shook his head, Giovanni replied, “No. I don’t fuck random chicks and never groupies.”
“Get to know her then,” Shane suggested. He couldn’t understand why Giovanni approved of his woman fucking around but didn’t allow himself to.
Giovanni groaned with pleasure. “That’s not the way we play.”
“Why not?” Shane was beyond confused. “What’s the big deal? It’s just sex.”
The blonde rose to her knees. “How about I just massage you? That’s not sex.” She licked her lips as she eyed Giovanni’s tatted chest and thick cock.
“Uh.” Giovanni glanced at Crystal, unsure. Deep down, he wanted to fuck the girl posing for him. That would break his promise, so he averted his eyes.
Crystal sighed and pulled back which forced his dick to leave her mouth. “It’s OK, just let her.”
“Get naked,” the blonde said.
Giovanni walked around the bed. “Not getting naked.” He was nervous as hell he would fuck up. “Is takin’ off my pants OK?” He watched Craig gag his girl again. As Shane sank into her further, he bit his lip. “My love, can I?”
Craig smiled when she nodded, then laid her forehead on his chest. He threaded his fingers through her hair when he saw her wince. He mouthed to Shane, “Easy.”
Shane ran a hand up her side and paused his hips. “You OK?” When she nodded again, he continued. His lids shut as she wriggled. “Fuck. Thanks for sharing, man.”
Giovanni let out a sigh. “No problem.” The bare wet folds pressed to his lower back tempted him. While she massaged his shoulders, she leaned down and her nipples grazed his back. “Fuck,” he muttered into a pillow. His cock throbbed as she ground her pussy into his skin.
Next to them, Shane sighed when buried in Crystal. He glanced at Giovanni who gripped a pillow tightly. Then he winked at Craig, who nodded. Shane quickly withdrew to the tip while Craig slammed in deep.
Crystal moaned, which encouraged them. Shane pumped at a fast pace since she seemed to like that best. Craig kept up with him, knowing to oppose Shane’s strokes. When Craig winced, Shane knew Crystal was about to orgasm again. Her muffled scream vibrated her entire body.
“Fuck,” Shane groaned softly as she clenched within. His hips moved even faster of their own accord. Her reaction fueled him. “Come on, baby. Do it again.” He loved how she continuously convulsed.
“You’re an amazing drummer.” The blonde was still above Giovanni, facing the other direction.
Since Giovanni struggled to get out from under the groupie without knocking her down, he’d stopped watching Crystal. He heard her muffled cries, though. Because of that, his dick was hard as a rock. For the tenth time, the crazy chick on top of him fondled his cock, then his sac.
“Fuck, stop that.” He couldn’t cross the line. At that point, he wanted to jerk off to the scene next to them.
The blonde felt Giovanni giving in. She massaged his testicles. “Do you like it?”
“Stop touching my balls.” Giovanni shouted into the pillow, “Fuck my life!” It wasn’t the least bit fair, but he’d made a stupid promise to Crystal to never touch a groupie without her bringing them to their bed.
Craig noticed Crystal’s attention had shifted and slapped her ass. “Hey, don’t worry about him. She’ll get him to fuck her. She convinces all of us.” The girl had been at many of Tommy’s parties.
Giovanni gasped softly when she reached her hand under him again. His resolve threatened to break down. To distract himself, he turned to the trio next to them.
“I was thinking,” Crystal admitted to Craig. It shocked her they understood her with the gag on.
“No more thinking, baby.” Shane leaned on her back and squeezed her breasts.
With all the activity, distraction was easy. He’d been watching Giovanni struggle again. To focus, he held her tighter and thrust harder. It was tough to be quiet. Unconsciously, he let out soft sighs and moans as Craig’s cock rubbed his, and Crystal’s canal hugged him.
When Crystal’s head came back, Shane pulled her toward him and kissed her neck. He shuddered as pleasure flowed through his entire body. With the need to cum, he lifted his chin at Craig, who seemed to understand.
They coordinated their next thrust and slammed their hips into her at the same time. The result was a loud sound from Crystal. They pounded her relentlessly while she trembled and writhed between them.
On his knees, Giovanni was as angry as he was horny. His boxers were halfway down his thighs, but he didn’t adjust them. The blonde had him so hard, he couldn’t see straight. Next to him, Crystal thrashed in the mists of yet another orgasm. When a hand gripped his dick, he glanced down. The blonde rolled a condom on him.
“Fuck me, hot stuff. Get that aggression out.” She got on all fours and pressed her folds against his erection.
Giovanni growled at her and rammed into her hard. “Like this? You wanna hurt?” He slammed into her with all his might, consumed by blinding rage. “Take it, bitch.”
“Yes… Yes… I’m gonna… fucking… cum!” Shane grunted as his cock swelled and throbbed. He sighed with relief, trying to ignore the other shaft pulsing against his.
Craig cried out. “Damn, girl!”
Shane cocked an eyebrow when he noticed Giovanni fucking the blonde like she was a rag doll. That’s gotta hurt. She didn’t complain, though. Seemed to him she liked it. Her face contorted with pleasure multiple times. This’s how a fivesome should be.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“I think they’re finally done.” Zack chuckled and backed away from the guest room door. The moans had started soon after midnight.
Female screams of passion had been continuous before Tommy barged in. After that, softer voices could be heard. He and some male guests had tried to figure out who they were and what positions they were in.
Minutes earlier, several men grunted. Zack’d been told two women and three men were behind the door. A fivesome was something he couldn’t fathom the dynamics of.
Zack’s jaw dropped when Shane walked out of the guest bedroom. That ruined it for him. He looked to Shane as a father figure. They had grown close in the short time they’d known each other. He shook his head to banish the image of Shane in bed with multiple women. Shane was in that orgy?

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Shane rushed to the kitchen to search for his jacket. He needed air because he was no longer glad the fivesome had taken place at all. An exchange of words and expressions between Giovanni and Crystal after the tryst ended brought Patty to mind. Guilt wasn’t rational since they weren’t together, but he felt it all the same.
When he didn’t find his leather coat, he tried to remember where he’d taken it off. After the blowjob, right! He made his way to Tommy’s gym and sighed when he saw the coat racks. The night had been so crazy, he’d forgotten.
Carefully, he searched through the outerwear for his. When he took his coat off the hanger, he noticed his tuxedo jacket was under it. He looked down. The cummerbund was off, too.
“Where’d I put that stupid thing?” In seconds, he found it in a pocket.
Zack stood in the doorway and held on to steady himself. He’d drank all night. “What’s wrong?”
“Huh?” Shane turned. “Oh hey, Zack. Um, kinda, well…” He didn’t know what to say.
Zack smirked. “She musta been some chick if she got you freakin’ out.” He stepped into the room. “Was it that blonde who’s been crawling all over you?”
“Um, well… Yes and no.” Shane’s face heated. It was as if he were talking to his son about his sex life. “I don’t wanna talk about it.” He knew someone else would ask questions. Damn. Tommy’s gonna want details. “You mind if we leave?”
With a shrug, Zack tilted his head. “Sure.” He stifled a yawn. “I been up since six, so I’m kinda tired anyway.”
“Six am?” Shane’s face screwed up. “Why?”
Zack covered his mouth as another yawn crept up on him. “Habit I guess.”
“Then let’s go.” Shane grabbed Zack’s jacket, too. “Here.” After saying their goodbyes, they headed to the Tahoe. “Have you been drinking?”
“Yeah.” Zack’s body threatened to give out. “I had a few too many.” Alcohol made him tired.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Fifteen minutes into the drive north, Zack fell asleep, reclined in the passenger seat. Shane turned on the radio and searched for a decent station. None of his usual satellite channels played what he wanted to hear. When he stumbled onto an 80s station, he left it there. As he grew up, his mother had music on while she did housework or cooked.
He and Troy had learned the words to most of the popular songs. They used to sing along together. When Patty had come into the picture, she would listen and laugh.
When the grunge scene took over, the duo had also sung Nirvana, Alice and Chains, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, and Stone Temple Pilots. By high school, they’d been into harder music, like, Metallica, Slayer, Anthrax, and Ozzy Osbourne.
The first time Troy and Shane sang together, it surprised Kyle and Carter. They had been the ones who suggested duel vocalists. That worked out much better than they had expected. Their unique sound had gotten people to talk about them, and it seemed they’d never stopped.
Shane’s mind continued to wander. He did that often when he drove for a while. The opening night of the tour loomed ever closer. That stirred up memories. Most were happy. Then the last time onstage flashed by.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Thirteen Months Before Troy’s Death…

“I’m fuckin’ fine!” Troy shouted as Kyle stood next to him just offstage. “Stop bothering me.”
Kyle glared at Troy. “You’re so high you can barely stand.”
“What’s the matter?” Shane got an eye roll from Kyle. He moved in front of Troy and looked into his eyes. Troy struggled to kept them open. “Tell me you didn’t take those pills, too.”
Troy shrugged, unable to meet Shane’s concerned gaze. “No biggie. I’m fine. After the show I’ll go to bed. OK?”
“You need to cut down, man. Seriously.” Shane realized his best friend had begun to spiral down. It’d become harder for Troy to mask his depression. “Patty called worried about you. Why didn’t you answer your phone?”
With another shrug, Troy replied, “Forgot where I put it.”
“Again?” Kyle shook his head. Troy lost his phone at least once a week. “Your wife is home worried about you, and all you think about is getting high. If I was her, I’d leave your sorry ass.”
Shane pulled Troy away. “Look, man. You need to do something.”
Troy stumbled. “I’m fuckin’ fine.” Sound checks ended, and he headed toward the stage ramp. “I’m fine.”
Carter passed them with his guitar slung over his neck. Then he walked onto the stage while he waved to the crowd. As soon as he started the intro to “Fast Lane” Kyle rushed to get behind the drum kit.
Shane threw an arm around Troy’s shoulders, and they stepped onstage together. After they sang the first verse as one, Shane stepped up to his own mic. A loud thud and screeches startled him.
“Oh my God!” Shane ran to Troy, who had face planted on top of his bass. He shook him. “Troy!” His voice echoed because Troy’s headset picked it up. “Dave, turn it off.” He tugged the wireless device off Troy’s head and checked for a pulse. “Call 911. I think he OD’d again.” After he set his own guitar on the floor, he knelt and grabbed Troy’s shoulder.
Kyle stood behind them. “Wait! Don’t move him!”
“Why?” Shane turned. “Oh.” He looked down at Troy. If he hurt his neck, any move might make it worse. “Troy, why?”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Present Day…

Brake lights made Shane come back to the present. He glanced over at Zack, who was still asleep. Thankfully, Zack was not an addict, as far as he could tell. Hope you’re happy… Wherever you are, buddy.
A sign for the Cross Island Parkway made Shane realize he’d driven home automatically. He meant to drop Zack off first. Too late now. It had been over two hours since they’d left Tommy’s. Another 30 minutes and he finally pulled into his garage.
When Shane walked around the car, he found Zack out like a light. Even when he opened the passenger door, Zack didn’t stir. After Shane released the seat belt, he leaned down and worked an arm under Zack’s shoulder.
“Damn, you’re heavier than you look.” Shane grunted and struggled to get Zack half-out.
Zack felt movement and mumbled, “Where’re we?”
“Home.” Shane supported Zack while they walked together up to the third floor. “Whoa.” He caught Zack when he stumbled near the guest room. “Only a few more feet.”
Zack was barely aware. “OK.” He gripped Shane’s jacket as a door opened.
“You can go back to sleep in a minute.” Shane set Zack on the bed and pulled his boots off. He smiled at Zack as he fought oblivion. “Let’s take this off, too.”
With great difficulty, Zack helped Shane shed his jacket. “Rental.” He then struggled to open his pants. “Get wrinkled.”
“Relax.” Shane rolled his eyes when Zack pushed his pants down and took his boxers with them. “You don’t have to get naked.”
Zack kicked his legs. “Stupid…”
Unable to help it, Shane chuckled as Zack stripped himself naked. “Fine.” Shane soon collected the clothes from all over and tossed Zack’s underwear over his crotch. “Go back to sleep.” He waited until Zack was still before he laid a blanket over him. “G’night.”
Shane walked to his room and hung up Zack’s tuxedo with a shake of his head. Zack was like a son, at that point. It was nice to spend downtime with him. Shane hoped Zack and Abigail got along. He hadn’t seen them interact much, but it was important to him. After he had gotten ready for bed, he dropped onto his mattress and passed out.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack had been asleep for at least an hour when the bed moved. The dream of Abigail seemed real. They were in the pool. The party raged around them, but they were oblivious. Zack pressed her against the wall and whispered in her ear. He didn’t hear himself, though. She grabbed his crotch, and he moaned.
“Shut up, or you’ll wake my dad.”
The voice wasn’t in Zack’s head. Cold air washed over him, and he shivered.
“I’ll keep you warm.”
A body settled over his. Something rubbed his cock. “How’re you doing that?” he asked as Abigail faded away. “Hey, don’t leave.”
“I won’t. Need your dick tonight.”
Zack jumped at the voice in his ear. His eyes opened wide when he found Abigail on top of him. “Shit! You can’t be here.” Then he realized she was grinding on his erection with her panties. He gritted his teeth as she pressed down hard. “Please…” He wanted to thrust up but resisted. “Fuck. Get off, please. Shane’s gonna kill me.”
“Did you get naked just for me?” Abigail ran her fingers over his fully adorned chest. “You’re so hot. Love this angel.”
She licked his nipple. The strong moonlight that filtered in from the blinds allowed her to see his tattoos in great detail. Her eyes moved to his arms. The sleeves started out as a sea of one-inch skulls at the wrist. Gradually, they became larger until at his shoulders.
An angel with wings spread adorned his back. The feathers grazed his neck. Below that were flames. Arms reached out as if they tried to get to heaven from hell. It was hard not to imagine why he would have something so powerful permanently set into his skin.
“Gotta have that cock in me.” Her hand slipped between them. “Never seen a pierced one before.”
Sure what her plan was, he rolled her off him and covered himself with a blanket. “You’re seventeen. I’m not goin’ to jail for some pussy.”
“Seventeen’s legal in New York.” She rose to her knees.
His eyes roamed her short tank and bikini underwear. Fuck. I want her! Off limits. Off limits. Off limits. He wished his dick would go down already. When he glanced up, he saw her hard nipples straining against her top. She didn’t have big breasts, but they seemed perfect to him.
Stop that! He couldn’t look at her without dirty thoughts. She made a move toward him, and he jumped off the bed and backed into a corner.
“Uh-uh. I touch you, and he’ll cut my dick off. I like it just how it is.”
Abigail pouted. When she’d found him naked, she thought he would be open to sex. He obviously wanted her bad. While she’d climbed on top of him, he had whispered her name. Disappointed, she watched him.
Terror filled his eyes, but his body told a very different story. And what a body he has. She couldn’t resist him if she tried. Even his legs had ink. Then there was the athletic build. He was almost too skinny for her. Maybe he doesn’t eat much?
“You want me.” She folded her arms, which pushed her breasts up. “How can you say no?”
Zack swallowed. Her body called to him. She was thin but with beautiful curves. He was usually into women with more to them, but she drew him in somehow. He still couldn’t explain it.
“Because… your dad will fucking kill me.”


CHAPTER NINETEEN

“You ready for this?” Shane asked when he parked the vehicle in Demonfire’s lot.
Zack looked up anxiously at the nondescript building. The label’s name wasn’t huge, which likely attributed to why there weren’t many people around. Cameras caught his eye and a large man walking the property. Maybe that’s why there aren’t girls trying to find out who’s recording today.
“I’m nervous as hell,” Zack admitted. He opened his door and cringed at the icy wind that blew in. “Some days I wish I lived in Florida.” He’d seen a post on Facebook that morning about it being Hate Florida Day. He wished it were 80 degrees in New York.
Shane smiled. “You’d miss the hustle and bustle. We’ll be all over the country. You’ll see lots of places you might wanna live one day. I think we got a few dates in Florida. If you like it, buy a house there. If I remember right, Dean has a condo or something in Fort Lauderdale.” They stepped out of the car and made their way to the entrance, glad they had plowed the lot.
“IDs,” Rick said as he looked Zack over. “You together?” He did security for Gasoline on tour and in the studio when the band was home.
Not worried, Shane pulled out his license. “Yes. Jon is expecting us.”
Zack handed his over. “We don’t have to worry about crazies here.”
While he laughed, Shane recalled the circus in that very lot the day of the tour meeting. “Not today at least.” Fans swarmed him at his old label’s Vegas studio more than once. “This is being kept hush-hush. You’re big news.”
“Me?” Zack put his wallet away when he received his license back.
Shane also shoved his wallet in a pocket and walked in the front door. “You do realize I said we would never play again when Troy died, right?” He got a nod from Zack. “I was serious then. That’s why the label dropped us. They couldn’t be bothered trying to convince me.” He stopped and put a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “If I hadn’t met you that night, I was giving up. Replacing Troy… Wait.”
He closed his eyes for a few seconds. It was still hard for him to think of Troy without emotion clogging his throat. He took a deep breath.
The look of devastation on Shane’s face made guilt fill Zack. “If this is too much for you-”
With a head shake, Shane stopped him. “No. It’s not, just difficult.” He looked into Zack’s eyes. “Bringing someone new in was hard for me to fathom. Everyone else told me I needed to.” He couldn’t help but smile. “You being in this band helped me heal. It’s gonna be a long road, but I wanted to thank you.”
He’d planned to say it for weeks. However, the time had never been right. His mind ran in several directions at once. He did his best to focus on what had to be said.
“You being so easy going and having all Troy’s good traits made me remember why I started playing seriously. Promise me, no matter what happens, you won’t turn to drugs or alcohol to get through shit. If you have a problem, we’re here for you. I won’t judge you, just listen. I swear.”
Zack understood. “Thanks.” He could tell Troy’s death still haunted Shane. The guilty tone made no sense, though. “I’ll be careful.”
“Can you promise me?” Shane’s hands shook. He’d obviously not been there for Troy when it mattered. “You won’t bury your sorrows.”
“That I can promise.” Zack smiled. “I’ve never turned to drugs or alcohol to get me through shit. I kinda fight it out.”
Shane cocked an eyebrow. “You mean like hit someone?”
“Yeah.” Zack shrugged. He hadn’t done that in quite a while.
“Well, that’s not really something you wanna do on tour either.” Shane sighed. “And we don’t need you breaking a hand.” He suddenly smiled. “What I do now is work out. Me and Carter’ll set up in the bedroom.”
Zack thought he meant hotel room. “OK.”
“Hey!” Jon came out of his office, glad to see Shane and Zack had arrived. “Everyone’s in the back already. Had to call Tommy. He’ll be a few more minutes at least.” He waved. “This way.”
“Wow.” Shane looked around the new addition as they walked through the renovated hallway. “You got a lot done.” He had only seen it once before, at the tour meeting. Then, the place had been under construction.
Jon nodded. “Yeah, we have a great company doing this for us. They finished the area we’re using first.”
When Zack entered the bright room, his eyes widened. He took in the white walls and the equipment. It looked like a photo studio. Several types of lamps lit up the far side. The other half was perfect for an interview. Nice concept. Combo room.
“Zack, Shane.” Jon smiled as he directed their attention to the right. “This is Chad and Phil. Chad saved us by filling in. He’s an amazing photographer.”
Chad blushed. “Damn, Jon.” He couldn’t wait to try out the cameras and lenses Jon had purchased. He had the day off from his busy IT job because of the holiday. “Hi.” He waved.
“Good to meet you, Chad.” Shane held out a hand. “I heard you were a talented guitarist. Photography, too?”
Jon laughed. “He’s a computer whiz, too. Our very own super geek.” Jon slapped Chad’s back and smiled with pride. “Oh.” He turned to the shorter man next to Chad. “This’s Phil. He’ll be taking video. Another of Triple Threat’s geeks. Electronic genius.”
“Hey.” Phil nodded.
Shane shook Phil’s hand as well. “This is Zack, our new bassist.”
“Man of the hour.” Jon nodded. “Hope you’re ready to be the center of attention.”
Zack shook everyone’s hand. “Not really but I’ll be a’right.”
“Damn.” Shane rolled his eyes. “We forgot the guitars in the back.”
“Relax.” Jon shouted, “Tony!”
Seconds later, Tony Spinelli, Dominic’s nephew, walked into the room. “Need something, boss?” He rarely called Jon by his first name to show respect.
“Can you have someone get two guitar cases from Shane’s car?” Jon nodded.
Shane understood. “Oh right.” He pulled his keys out and handed them to Tony. “Chevy Tahoe, in the backseat.”
“Let’s start with shots of Zack.” Chad moved to the camera set on a tripod.
They spent the next hour in various poses, together and separate. After a while, they picked up their instruments. Kyle only held a pair of drumsticks. He tapped out a rhythm on Carter’s arm as they waited for Chad to be ready.
Chad took candid photos, several of them joking around. He almost laughed when Carter shoved Kyle. It reminded him of Giovanni and his brother Rosario.
“Do you want ones with less clothes, Jon?” Chad’s band used many shirtless pictures and some naked but cropped for social media. “For the women?”
“Good idea.” Jon approached the foursome. “You guys mind showing skin?”
Carter laughed. “Are you kidding?” He pointed a thumb at Shane. “Did you forget this guy posed for Playgirl?”
“Fuck.” Shane’s face heated.
He’d hoped no one would ever mention it again. Troy had convinced him when they were high. They’d done a nude shoot, but Playgirl hadn’t published full naked photos. Only the tip of Shane’s dick showed. Troy had much more revealed, but his hand covered the base of his cock.
“That was a long time ago.”
Jon tried not to laugh at Shane’s embarrassment. “I forgot about that.” He’d seen the magazine because Tommy had brought it to him. Tommy had gotten it from a female conquest.
“Naked is not what I had in mind.” Jon laughed and waved a hand at them. “Unless you guys wanna come out, too?”
He cocked an eyebrow. Since Austin Reese and Scott Mason of Wicked End had come out, he never assumed.
“Hell no!” Carter shouted. “My dick is solely for the ladies.” He rolled his eyes. “Not so sure about Shane anymore, though.”
Shane shoved Carter. “Fuck you.”
“He broke that celibacy thing last night.” Kyle smirked. “Hot chick, too.”
Carter winked and gently pushed Shane back. “That was you? Damn that chick was screaming bloody murder. You fucked the shit outta her.”
“That he did.” Tommy strolled in. “Wonder if she can walk after you three.”
Kyle glanced at Shane. “Three?”
I’m not hearing this. Zack wanted to hold his hands over his ears like a child. He didn’t want to imagine Shane having sex.
“Which one did you nail?” That impressed Carter. “Two chicks came outta that room.”
Shane turned away, sure his face was bright red. “Drop it.”
“Shit.” Carter slapped Shane on the back. “Both of them? You’re in the game again! This tour’s gonna be fun.”
Zack pulled his shirt off and tossed it on a nearby stool. “What now?”
“Damn!” Carter looked Zack over. “That is amazing.”
Jon moved closer and whistled. “It’s seamless.” He examined the design on Zack’s arms and chest. “Who did that?”
Curious, Shane joined the others. He’d never taken the time to examine Zack tattoos. The flames, skulls, angel, and hell scene blew his mind. He walked around to see his back. An eyebrow rose in surprise. The angel’s wings spanned his shoulders, intricately detailed. The people trying to escape hell had their backs turned. It was a full picture of the artist’s message.
“Well, damn,” Shane muttered. “Everything blends in perfectly. That must’ve cost a lotta money.” Sure Zack grew up poor and never made much, he couldn’t figure out how he’d afforded it.
Zack became self-conscious under the intense scrutiny. “Um... a friend did it. He just opened his own shop, and he wanted customers to walk in to him at work. It took about a year.”
“Who drew it?” Awed by the artwork, Kyle couldn’t avert his gaze. “Amazing.”
After a deep breath, Zack let the anxiety go. “I did. Sometimes I sketch shit when I’m bored. I worked on it a few years.” He glanced at Shane nervously.
“You OK?” Shane mouthed. He saw the emotion in Zack’s eyes.
Zack pursed his lips and shrugged. He didn’t want to seem weak. He’s always kept the reason he had drawn the design private. Since he and Shane had opened to each other, Shane would understand. It was obvious Shane had a clue what the scene meant.
“You and your friend are seriously talented,” Jon said as he stepped back. “Chad, get close ups of those tats.”
Also shirtless, Carter stretched. “What? Mine ain’t amazing?” He gave them several body builder poses.
Kyle cracked up. “Yours’re old news.”
“Thanks.” Carter folded his arms, making the rolling flames seem larger. “Wish I knew how to draw.” He glanced down at himself. “Mine blend in, too.” He turned to Zack. “OK, maybe not like his.”
Carter’s tattoos were individual ones on his chest and back, connected with waves of musical notes. They all meant something to him. He had wanted to fill in the dead space. Full sleeves covered his arms, though.
“Guys.” The interview was to start soon, so Chad had to get things moving. “How about you stand around Zack and show off your biceps?” He thought of what Crystal liked.
A few posed shots later, Carter knocked Kyle off balance. They all ended up in a pile on the floor, hysterical.
Chad continued to snap away as he laughed with them. After all they’d been through, they needed humor. Chad almost gasped when Carter climbed on top of all of them and pretended to hump Shane.
“Shane... Shane… Shane...” Carter burst into laughter and rolled off them onto the floor.
“Damn it!” Shane shouted. “Dude, you know I hate that.”
Carter ended up on his back, unable to stop laughing. He’d only taken it that far because it freaked Shane out. When he remembered the others, he composed himself fast. He looked up at Jon. “Sorry, just fuckin’ with him.”
“I see that.” Jon couldn’t hold back. He burst into laughter as well, bent over at the waist.
Chad and Phil watched in shock. Obviously, Carter was the crazy one. Chad’d had the camera in the air, his finger over the shutter. He’d stopped when Carter cried out Shane’s name. It took several minutes for everyone to calm down.
“What’d he do?” Zack whispered to Shane.
Shane rolled his eyes. “Sometimes I wonder if Carter’s bi.”
“He touch you?” Zack’s eyes opened wide.
“Not exactly. He has a habit of simulating sex.”
Zack’s face screwed up. “On guys?”
“Not usually.” Shane helped Zack to his feet, then Zack helped him. “Except me. I guess I freak out, so he thinks it’s funny.”
Kyle stood. “We can joke around later.” He feigned annoyance. On the road, it broke up the monotony. When other bands hung out on their bus, Silverblade’s child-like behavior shocked them. It was stress relieving and fun. “Time to work. Where do you want us, Chad?”
“Uh.” Chad scanned the room. “How about you grab your guitars again? Well, you get your sticks.” He took a few more shots as the guitarists pretended to play and Kyle hit a floor tom they’d set up. “Zack and Shane, can you stand back to back?” The vocalists were typically the focus of band promo.
“If you’re done, I’m just about ready,” Phil called from a few feet away minutes later. They planned to take a video of Zack.
Although nervous, Zack walked to Phil, who attached a wireless receiver to his guitar strap. “What should I play?” Zack settled in a chair a few feet away.
Phil shrugged while at the soundboard. “Anything. I’ll splice a few together when we got enough footage.”
“OK.”
Zack closed his eyes and played what came to him. The casual atmosphere helped him relax. His fingers moved faster. An impromptu solo formed. He let the music help him forget his surroundings.
“Wow,” Jon whispered as he stood next to Shane. “He’s as good as Tommy’s been saying.”
“Yeah and he can play by ear, too.” Shane smiled. “He picked up all our songs in minutes.”
Shane hoped they could use the piece he played somewhere. It was complicated and incredible. Zack could make a bass do things he’d only seen Cliff Burton do. Gotta remember to get a copy of this video.
Footsteps made Zack pause. His eyebrows lifted when a cute chick in high heels entered the room. Two men trailed her. One had a large video camera. His eyes moved over her breasts that bounced as she walked. Goddammit!
Abigail had gotten him so worked up the night before that he couldn’t avoid arousal. I shoulda let her finish me off. No, you idiot! His conscious fought with his dick in a constant battle when she was concerned. Thankfully, his mind always won. His heart was another story.
“You OK?” Phil noticed the pained expression on Zack’s face.
Zack’s head snapped up. “Uh, yeah. Sorry. Did you want me to play more?”
“Nah.” Phil had ended recording as soon as Zack stopped. “I think it’s interview time.”
Jon leaned toward Chad. “Take pictures of this, too. I wanna post them on our site.”
“Sure.” Chad released the expensive camera from the stand carefully. He had plenty of photography equipment but nothing like what Jon had him choose for the studio. If he’d known he would use it, he might have been more excited at the time. “Anything? Or do you want something specific?”
With a smile, Jon gripped Chad’s shoulder. “I trust you. You got a good eye.”
Shane watched Chad get into position while Zack moved to the couch with Cynthia Katz. She’d interviewed all of them at some time or another. As one of the biggest names in the music media world that made sense.
“She’s fucking hot,” Carter mumbled from behind Shane. “Heard she’s picky.”
Kyle chuckled. “She can be. I’m sure she meets hundreds of guys in a week.” A rumor that Jake Thompson of Wicked End had nailed her after an interview had been around for a few months. If there was truth to it, Carter had a chance with her.
“Wish me luck.” Carter licked his lips. “I’m gonna ask for a private interview.”
Zack watched his bandmates, anxious. “Uh, I never did this before.”
“Relax.” Cynthia laid her palm on Zack’s knee and leered at his tattoos. “Love the tats. You fit right in.”
Nervous again, Zack glanced down at himself. “Uh, thanks. Nice to meet you.” He looked up and returned her smile as he offered a hand. “Zack.”
“Yes, I know.” Cynthia grasped his hand and rubbed her thumb over the back. “I heard you play. I’m impressed.” She slowly released him. “So… are you single?”
Zack hadn’t expected that question. “Excuse me?”
“Do you have a girlfriend? I don’t see a wedding ring.” She waited a few seconds, but Zack only stared. “I ask the questions and you answer. That’s how it’s supposed to go.”
“Right. Sorry.” Zack let out a laugh. “Told you I was nervous.” He smiled to hide his uncertainty. “I have a girlfriend.”
Cynthia pouted. “Aw, the girls’ll be disappointed. She must be one special lady.” She rubbed Zack’s knee. “How does it feel to be the bassist of Silverblade? Is this something you’ve dreamed about?”
“Feels good. Music is finally getting me somewhere. When I was a kid, I wanted to be James Hetfield of Metallica.”
That piqued Cynthia’s interest. “So, you played guitar at first?”
“Yeah.” Zack had become comfortable. “I’m sure most bassists do. I learned to play every Metallica song by the time I was 12. When I joined a band, I switched to bass. Now I prefer it.”
Cynthia nodded. “Cool. What about your family? How do they feel about you going on tour with some of the biggest names in Rock?”
“I don’t have family.” Zack’s eyes drifted down. “It’s just me and my girl.”
“So sorry.” She laid a hand on his shoulder. “Please forget I asked.” She leaned in close. “I’ll cut that out of the video. You OK?”
Zack nodded. “Yeah, sorry.” He cleared his throat and sat up straight. “Shane’s like a father to me already.” He cringed when he realized the world would hear that.
“You’re doing fine.” Cynthia patted his knee again. “Let’s move onto what you guys have planned for fans on this tour.”
Shane smiled with pride as Zack easily responded to Cynthia’s questions. Zack had obviously relaxed. Thankfully, Cynthia broached no more touchy subjects, so Zack stayed calm. Shane was glad it worked out so well. When Cynthia stood, Shane approached them.
“Thanks, Cynthia.” Shane grinned. “We’re lucky we found Zack.” He threw an arm around Zack’s shoulders. “This is gonna be a great tour!”


CHAPTER TWENTY

The morning before the tour’s opening night, Zack packed his duffel bag. His plan was to strap it to his bike since Shane would be busy until noon.
He didn’t have much clothing, so his drawers were empty when done. It made him wonder if he would miss anything except for Rose. Probably not.
Rose had stayed home. When she’d called in, she told her boss she wasn’t feeling well. At that moment, she laid on the couch, debating her words.
The talk show masked the real reason she hadn’t gone to work. She hoped Zack didn’t figure out her plan before she approached him. The sounds from the bathroom told her he wasn’t finished yet.
She swallowed, more emotional than she had expected. Since she’d been with him so long, a connection had built. It wasn’t love, but she liked it. In the past few months, she had withdrawn from him to save herself from heartache. That hadn’t done the trick.
Tears welled up as she imagined her life alone. They weren’t as close as most couples. However, she had gotten used to having him around for more than only sex. Her eyes closed with the hope she could hold the waterworks at bay.
Zack stood in the hallway as he mentally categorized his belongings. There was nothing left. Without money, he didn’t have luxuries. He had no mementos from his childhood. It made moving easier, but he’d lived with Rose for a year. That meant he had gotten settled some.
After his morning run a few hours before, he had ridden over to the facility his mother lived in and told her about the tour. There was no reaction except for blinking of her eyes as usual.
The contract with Demonfire wasn’t yet signed. He’d given the administrator every penny he had in case the advance came in after the bill was due. Shane had mentioned the bus would be stocked with food, so he wouldn’t go hungry.
He checked his phone. “Can’t delay it any longer.”
As quiet as he could, Zack walked into the living room. He didn’t want to disturb Rose. She looked to be asleep. He crept passed her and collected a few DVDs and CDs he had gotten at yard sales and his headphones. Shane had told him the bunks had DVD players. He tried to think of how to ward off boredom. Nothing came to mind.
He knelt in front of the couch and whispered, “Hey.” With a smile, he brushed her hair out of her face. No matter how she treated him, he still cared about her. “I’m about to leave.” When she pulled her bottom lip in, he knew she was awake. However, she didn’t open her eyes. “Uh, Rose. I gotta go now. I’ll call you later and every chance I get on the road.”
It’s time. She shook her head and sat up slowly. “No you won’t.” She wrung her hands. He’d lost so much. “Don’t call me. Don’t come back.”
Shocked, he laid a hand on her cheek. “Wait. Why?” She pulled away from him. “What the hell’s going on?” He watched several tears run down her cheeks. “Did I do something wrong?”
“Not yet.” She sniffled. “I know what’s gonna happen after a few days. I won’t go through that again. Go fuck whoever and stay outta my life.” She truly believed he couldn’t be faithful for even a week away from home. Not with the alcohol and drugs available to him.
The time he had wasted with Dangerzone came to mind. Why would a famous band want a loser like him? She didn’t have a clue why she stayed with him since she thought she could do much better. Convenience, that’s why.
“When this crap falls apart, don’t expect me to be around to pick you up off the floor again.” She scrambled to her feet, stomped to the bedroom and slammed the door shut.
Zack fell back on his heels, unsure what to think. When he got his wits about him, he rushed to the bedroom and tried the knob. “Open up and talk to me.”
“Leave!” Guilt threatened to overwhelm her. Although cold, she had a heart. She didn’t want to risk it on him. “Get outta my apartment before I call the cops!”
He wasn’t on the lease, so he worried she would follow through. After he gathered his things, he left. I shoulda known she would do this. He felt so alone. She had been his only constant for the past year. His friends were flighty and unreliable. He thought she would always be there.
While he strapped his bag to the rear seat of his bike with bungee cords, his mind drifted. Anytime he had tried to be affectionate other than sex, she’d pushed him away. That should have given him a clue. She only wanted to control his life. He hadn’t opened up to her either. She knew his mother was an invalid but nothing more.
He glanced up at the living room on the fourth floor and shook his head. Time to start a new life. He’d started over many times. This one’ll be the last. Rose appeared in the window, and she gave him the finger. Fuck you, too.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The ride to Queens helped clear his head a bit. When he reached the address Shane had provided, he looked around, confused. It was a giant used car lot. Shane had told Zack to meet him there. Neither Shane’s SUVs nor his Mazda occupied the guest spots. He rolled through the lot, narrowly avoiding a few customers and salespeople.
After a while, he pulled his phone out and called Shane. “Did you get to the lot yet?”
“Yeah.” Shane shielded his eyes from the sun and checked the area. “We’re around back. You’ll see two big rigs and two buses.”
His friend Lenny owned the place. The band rented space for the vehicles and a warehouse building for their equipment. They had someone on the premise 24/7, so there was little worry about thieves.
Zack shrugged. “OK.” He drove behind the storefront, and his eyes opened wide. “Whoa!” He stopped at the first bus and stared in awe. After he shut down his engine and set the kickstand, he circled the huge vehicle. “We’re traveling in this?”
“No.” Shane threw an arm over Zack’s shoulders. “That’s for the crew. Well, it used to be the band bus. Ours is that one.” He pointed to the second bus which was newer. “State-of-the-art everything.”
“Damn.” Zack watched two men hook up a trailer to the rear of the bus. “Is that for our equipment?”
Shane chuckled. “Nope.” He nodded at the trucks. “Those are. We only need one this tour. Last time we were headlining, so we bought one for the set.”
“Oh OK.” Zack waited until they attached the trailer. “What’s that for then?”
Kyle came from behind the bus and waved. “Hey, Zack!”
“Hi.” Zack was overwhelmed. “Carter here, too?”
Shane squeezed Zack’s shoulder. “Yeah. Dave’s on his way, too. Relax. This is gonna be fun.”
“Sure.” Zack’s emotions hadn’t leveled out. “We riding to your house?” He noticed several motorcycles nearby, then Shane’s Tahoe with the trailer attached. “Wait. Huh?”
Certain what had confused Zack, Shane tugged him to the long trailer. “We bring our bikes.”
Zack peered into the open trailer and smiled. Carter was strapping down a Harley. “How many bikes fit in there?”
“Six.” Shane shrugged. “Troy used to bring his and there was always a roadie asking to add theirs. We have five so far this time.”
“Five?” Zack glanced at his for a few seconds. “Oh, so mine’s going in there?”
Shane slapped him on the back. “Yeah, we ride when we stay somewhere for a few days. Throw your bag in the Chevy. You’re stayin’ at my place tonight, right?”
“That’s the plan.”
Zack’s eyes drifted to the ground. My only option now. He unstrapped his bag and did as told. When he turned around, a bike rolled toward the trailer. The rider had a half-skull facemask. He’d always wanted one. It instilled fear in some. Before the second motorcycle had appeared, the first one stopped.
Dave removed his facemask and smiled at Zack. “’Sup, man.” He offered a hand, and Zack gripped it immediately. “Ready for tomorrow?”
“Kinda.” Zack watched Dave push his Triumph up the trailer ramp. Then he searched for Shane again. Zack found Shane near the main bus’s door. “Anything you need help with?”
“Not yet.” Shane grinned. “In a bit, we’ll go pack the truck.” He glanced behind him at the bus stairs. “Since we only have Dave and Julio, we’re only taking this bus.”
“Julio?” Zack cocked an eyebrow. “Dave’s drummer?”
Shane nodded. “Yep, he’s gonna be our drum tech. We’ll get a few old crew members back before the end of the tour.” He waved at the open door. “Check it out.”
“OK.” Zack took a few tentative steps. He wasn’t sure what to expect. “Anyone in there?”
“Nah.” Shane climbed the stairs and turned. “Come on. You can pick a bunk.”
Zack followed Shane. He cocked an eyebrow at the man cave look to the front lounge. Everything was black: leather couch, chairs, and the cabinets around the large flat screen on the wall opposite the couch. Under the television sat a PlayStation 4 and an Xbox One. The room was bigger than he’d expected.
They walked a few feet, and he checked out the kitchenette. It was all black as well: stove top, microwave, refrigerator and the table within a dinner style booth. Shane almost always dressed in black, so he figured Shane had chosen the color scheme.
The bus amazed him. From what Zack knew, bunks were small and usually uncomfortable. When Shane entered to a hallway, Zack took a deep breath. To his right, he found a closet with hangers. Shane moved behind him and opened another door, floor to ceiling shelves.
“We custom built this,” Shane explained. His fear of flying meant the band had to drive when within the continental US, so a comfortable bus was necessary. “Sucks to have nowhere to put your stuff for months. I hate living out of a suitcase.”
Zack nodded. “I bet it would.”
“The bus is wider so we could have these.” Shane pulled the curtain back on a bunk. “Not quite full size, but you can turn over without falling out.” He laughed. “On the old bus, Carter fell out a few times. The guy sleeps naked, so we all got an eyeful of his pierced dick. Ouch!”
“It didn’t hurt that much.” Zack leaned over to check out the bunk.
Shane stared at Zack. “So you have one, too?”
“Yeah, I don’t keep it in all the time. Sometimes tight pants make it complicated.”
“I bet.” Shane’s eyes automatically moved to Zack’s crotch. Stop looking at his dick! He shook his head. “I hear the ladies like it, but I’m not going that far for a chick.”
Zack nodded. “I get that. I did it because I thought I needed an advantage.”
“Why?” Shane looked him over. “I’m sure girls hit on you all the time.”
“I guess.” Zack checked they were alone, then he whispered, “I’m only average.” His eyes drifted down. “So I wanted an edge.” He’d seen too many pictures of guys with huge cocks. It was a self-esteem issue, but he was satisfied with the results. Women stayed with him because of it. “Chicks do like it. Rose used to.”
Shane caught the sad tone. “Used to? What happened?”
“She told me not to come back,” Zack admitted. “Guess I’m looking for my own place after the tour.”
With a serious expression, Shane grabbed Zack’s shoulder. “You always have a home with me. For as long as you need. Seriously.”
“Thanks.” Zack felt like he had a family again. “They all as big as this one?”
Shane’s head snapped around. “Huh?”
“The bunks.”
“Oh.” Shane thought they were talking penis size again. He didn’t dare tell Zack he was way above average. “Yeah, we got six. Stacking two instead of three gives you more headroom. I used to bump my head a lot on the old bus. Not fun.”
Zack walked a few more feet and smiled at the wall of drawers placed where a fourth set of bunks could have been. He tugged on a drawer, but it didn’t budge.
“Gotta keep ’em locked, or they’ll open on the road.” Shane flipped a latch on both sides. “See, just like being home, except your house is moving.” He laughed. “You get used to that.” He locked the drawer again and opened the bathroom door. “We only have one, but it’s not as cramped as some are.”
Zack stepped inside. He’d seen smaller bathrooms. “This is cool.” He pointed at a narrow wall of shelves that almost looked like half open drawers. “I’m guessing this is for towels and toiletries.”
“Yep.” Shane stood in the doorway of the small room. “The barriers keep things from flying around when we turn.”
“Cool.” They thought of everything.
Shane beckoned with a hand. “Come see the bedroom.”
“Bedroom?” Zack’s eyebrows went up. “Nice. Who sleeps in there?”
A wicked grin on his face, Shane replied, “We take turns. If you bring a chick back here and it’s not your turn, expect to be interrupted or asked to share.” He chuckled. “You won’t get that request from me, but Kyle and Carter will guilt you into it.”
Shane didn’t plan to partake in groupies that trip. The aftermath with Crystal had spooked him, so he was on the celibacy wagon again.
They entered the back room, and Zack smiled. He thought it would be small. It was an actual bedroom with a queen-sized bed, dresser, nightstand and empty space in front of an open sliding door closet.
“Nice.” Zack’s gaze flitted around. “So, one of us gets this every night?”
Shane nodded. “Unless we’re in a hotel room.”
“We need to pay for hotel rooms?” Zack’s eyes widened with fear.
The reaction worried Shane. “No. They’ll be paid for. It’s not in every city, just the ones we stay overnight.” He watched Zack’s face. He’s broke again? “Is there something you’re not telling me?”
“Probably.” Zack shrugged.
Shane held Zack’s shoulders. “You promised me you wouldn’t get messed up with drugs.”
“It’s not that.” Zack sighed, not able to meet Shane’s eyes. “Worried about my mom.” He’d never been away months without visiting. “I’ll be gone a while.”
That made Shane smile. “You can call her anytime we’re not on stage.”
“She can’t talk.” Zack backed away, annoyed he had revealed that. “Please drop it.”
Shane took a step forward. “OK.” That’s where Zack’s money went, his mother. “If you wanna vent, I’m here.”
“Thanks.” Zack understood Shane was only trying to help. “Sorry. It’s just... I don’t like talking about it.”
“Relax. I get it.” Shane smiled. “We’re gonna head to Gino’s.”
Zack cocked an eyebrow. “Who’s that?”
“It’s my favorite Italian place around here.”
“Cool.” Zack took a deep breath. “Gonna make a phone call.”
Shane walked outside to give Zack privacy. He nodded at Kyle a few feet away. “Hey, I wanna eat before we start loading the truck.”
“Good deal.” Carter came out from behind the bus. “I work better on a full stomach.”
Kyle agreed, “Yeah, I forgot breakfast.”
“Gino’s opens in about ten minutes.” Shane turned to the window next to him when he heard a shout.
Still inside, Zack had tried Rose’s number, and it hadn’t gone through. “What the hell?” he growled and stormed outside. “Hey, Shane. Can you call my number?”
“Sure.” Shane pulled his phone out and hit Zack’s name. With it to his ear, he frowned. “Uh, it’s disconnected.”
Zack closed his eyes and turned away. Rose paid that bill. That meant she’d shut off his line. “Thanks. It’s cool.”
“It’s not.” Shane moved closer to Zack. “You need a phone.”
“I’ll buy one when I get paid.”
That told Shane he’s been right about Zack’s money situation. “I have an extra one. It’s a burner for the road in case I lose mine. ’Til you can figure this out.”
“OK. Thanks.” Zack had to overcome his pride, but it wasn’t easy.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Once at Gino’s, Zack moved two tables in the back together as instructed. He watched the others order their food and regretted that he’d agreed to tag along.
It wasn’t easy to hide his hunger. As a distraction, he admired the pictures hanging on the walls. Some depicted New York City, some Italy. They blended well with the other decor.
“Hey.” Dave sat in the chair next to Zack. “Not eating?”
Zack shook his head. “Nah, I’m good.”
“OK.” Dave worried the kid was dealing with some heavy shit, but he didn’t want to pry. “Just remember we treat each other like family. Anytime you need something, ask.”
Shane approached the table. “Hope you like mushrooms.” He sat opposite of Zack. “We decided on pizza and ordered 2 with everything but anchovies.” His face scrounged up. “Ew.” He handed out paper plates and napkins.
“Uh, I’m not hungry.” Zack stared at his hands.
Kyle figured out the problem as well. “I guess some of it’ll go to waste then.” He winked at Shane, who smiled as he took a seat. “You’re usually a bottomless pit.”
Carter approached the table and set down a tray of six filled cups. “They’re all the same, so just pick one.” He nodded at Julio, and they both sat. “So… the agency said the drivers’ll be at the lot in about an hour. Then we can start loading equipment.”
“Great.” Shane leaned back. “Lenny’s ready when we are.”
Within twenty minutes, a young man walked toward them with two platters. He set one pie on each table. “Enjoy.”
Everyone but Zack grabbed a slice. Shane glanced at Zack. “Seriously, it’ll go to waste, at least take one.”
“Fine.” Zack reluctantly slid a slice onto his plate. He stared at it for a few seconds before his stomach rumbled. “Thanks.” When he took a large bite, his eyes closed. “Oh, damn.”
Shane laughed with his mouth full. “Told you this place was amazing.”
“I never had pizza like this before,” Zack mumbled as he chewed.
Kyle grinned. “Enjoy it, kid. When we get home, we’ll come back here again.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About thirty minutes later, the group met at Lenny’s. The drivers looked the truck and bus over to make sure they were ready for travel. One of Lenny’s mechanics had already done a tune-up and oil change. They’d checked everything over, just in case.
Shane, Zack and the others loaded the truck with the band’s equipment. Zack was glad to be of use. He was stronger than he looked. It surprised many when he lifted almost as much as Carter and Dave. Kyle directed more than anything else. His packing skills made things fit so they wouldn’t fall over. Zack just did as told.
By the time they had the truck packed, it was evening. It being their last night in town, everyone said their goodbyes and went their separate ways. Shane and Zack got in the Tahoe and watched the others leave first, both exhausted.
“Chinese for dinner,” Shane announced.
Zack didn’t protest, sure Shane would ignore him. “If you say so.” He leaned the seat back more. “Anything else I should know before tomorrow?”
“Nothing I can think of.” Shane started the engine. “Jon said the contract should be ready today. I’ll check my email when we get home.”
When they pulled into Shane’s driveway, a silver Lexus sat in the far left slot. Shane groaned. “Why?”
“Somethin’ wrong?” Zack didn’t recognize the car.
Shane drove into the garage without a word. He shook his head as he stepped out. “She can’t leave me alone?” He growled and stormed up the stairs.
Confused, Zack followed slowly. Shane was obviously furious. Zack didn’t want to make it worse. When he reached the second floor, it seemed deserted. Then shouts came from the third level.
“What the fuck’re you doin’ in my fuckin’ house?” Shane screamed. “Get the hell outta my bedroom!”
Zack hurried to the kitchen, so he wouldn’t hear any more. It wasn’t his business. Comfortable at Shane’s place, he grabbed a beer from the refrigerator and leaned on the island counter as he took a long pull.
He wished Abigail was there. Although terrified of Shane’s wrath, when Abigail looked at him, he felt like more of a man. They’d also had a few interesting conversations over the past weeks. She hadn’t jumped him since New Year’s. That eased his mind. If she were there, they would be watching a movie or talking.
As he stood alone, the painful morning took its toll. He rarely let himself just feel. It was easier to hide it or take a run and try to make it go away. Unable to leave, his emotions built.
Rose’s words had hurt more than he admitted to even himself. For her to dismiss him like he meant nothing made him feel insignificant. His head in his hands, he tried to get over the insecurity.
When a female body pressed against him, his eyes opened wide. Don’t, Abigail! Deep inside, he ached for her touch. Her hands slid up his abdomen to his chest, and he shivered. It’d been a while since someone touched him like that. Her fingers moved down. When she palmed his growing shaft, he gasped.
“Don’t start this. Please.” He panted, desperate for release. However, it was wrong.
“Relax,” an unfamiliar voice said. “You must be Zack. I heard a lot about you.”
Zack stood straight and spun around. The woman in front of him wasn’t a seventeen-year-old kid. “Uh, hi.” He thought she might be Shane’s age or younger. Has to be his sister. Guess they don’t get along. “Um, you need something?”
“I sure do.” She opened the button of his jeans. “How about some of this?”
He grabbed her hand. “Not so fast, pretty lady. I’m not like that.”
“A little birdie told me you’re an amazing bassist. I like musicians. So hot.” She ran her hands under his shirt. “Mmm, love tattoos.”
He stared into her eyes, unsure what to do. His body wanted what she offered, but his mind stopped him cold. “I can’t.”
Unfazed by his lack of response, she reached between them and stroked his swelling cock through his jeans. She knew who he was and hoped to piss Shane off. A whimper left his mouth as she rubbed him. I have him just where I want him.
She got on tiptoe and leaned against him. “Kiss me.”
Unable to resist any longer, Zack pressed his lips to hers. In seconds, hands moved to his face to hold him still. He liked aggressive. His tongue followed hers while his body grew desperate for her. Unconsciously, he grabbed her ass and pulled her against him.
“Fuck me right here.”
He gasped when he imagined it. “Shane’ll see.”
“Why’re you makin’ out with my mom?” Abigail stood behind them, hands on her hips.
Zack jumped and pushed Lacey away. “Your what?”
“Mom.” Abigail scowled. “That’s my mother.”
“She is?” Zack glanced from one to the other. “Fuck,” he mumbled. Then he took a step toward Abigail. “I’m sorry.”
Abigail tried to hold back the tears. “How could you?” Why would they betray me? “He was mine.” She rushed to the game room.
“Wait!” Zack ran after her. When he reached her, he paused in the doorway. She sat on a stool that faced the wall. He approached her slowly. “I didn’t know who she was.”
Abigail shrugged. She couldn’t reveal her feelings for him. Over winter break, it had morphed from lust to much more. He treated her nice and expected nothing from her. She wasn’t used to that.
The way he interacted with her father portrayed his trustworthiness. His lips on her mother’s hurt deeper than she’d imagined. It stung more than the fact her mother had tried to steal him away from her.
“You OK?” Zack placed a hand on her shoulder. “You mad?”
She huffed. “My dad’s gonna kill you if he finds out.” She kept her tone as casual as possible. “Unless you plan to be my next step-father. Mom marries every guy who gives her attention.”
“Not my plan.” He had the urge to comfort her but Shane would find them. “I was in a bad place, and she came on to me. I’m sorry.”
“She’s good at that.”
The pain in her voice was obvious to Zack. Something urged him to explain. “My girlfriend told me to fuck off. That screwed with my head, so I was feeling really down. I thought she was you at first.” He cringed. Why’d I admit that? “Um, well. I shouldn’t be kissing you either.”
“Dad’d have a cow.” She shrugged again, unsure what to say.
He noticed her shudder. “I’m sorry if I hurt you.” He wrapped his arms around her, careful to keep above her chest. “We can’t take this anywhere.”
He bit his lip and wished he would stop blurting things out. If she knew how he felt about her, she would exploit it. He couldn’t ruin the best thing he’d had in his entire life.
“Tell me you’ll be OK.” Her tears tugged at his heart. “How can I make it better?”
“Be with me,” she replied in a small voice.
He kissed the top of her head. I wish I could. “Anything but that.”
“Zack?” Shane shouted from somewhere close by. “Where’d you go?”
Eyes wide, Zack released Abigail. “I’m really sorry.” He rushed from the room and crashed into Shane in the hallway. “Damn, sorry. Abigail looked upset, so I checked on her.”
Shane smiled. “Thanks. Glad you guys’re becoming friends.”
“Yeah.” Zack turned away and cringed. “I’m gonna get another beer.”
Worried, Shane headed for the game room. “You OK, sweetie?”
Abigail nodded. “I’m fine.”
He saw through the lie. She only became that upset over big things. “What’d she do now?” Normally, her mother caused her heartache. “You know I won’t tell her. She left anyway.”
“Good.” Abigail sucked on her bottom lip. “She hit on the guy I like.”
Shane’s face screwed up. “When? Never mind.” He hugged his little girl and hoped to make it better. “I wish she’d stop doing that to you.” His ex was notorious for jealousy, even of her own children. When Abigail’s body relaxed, he sighed. “You want something special for dinner? Mom said you can spend the night. I was gonna order Chinese.”
“OK.” She swallowed to let the pain go. Zack obviously regretted what he’d done. “Gino’s?”
Shane laughed. It was her favorite pizzeria, too. Luckily, they had multiple locations. “Sure. Anything you want.” He tugged her from the stool to the kitchen.
At the island counter again, Zack smiled at Abigail. “Better?” The slight nod showed improvement.
After he ordered pizza and chicken parmesan heroes, Shane grabbed his tablet. The latest email was from Jon. “Hey, signing time.”
He found the stylus he kept in a desk drawer and opened the contract. After he signed it, he handed the tablet and stylus to Zack.
“Under your name.” Shane waited until Zack finished. “Jon said the advance should come through in a few days. No fuckin’ around. If you need money, you ask.” He pointed at Zack with a stern face. “We’re brothers here. We stick together.”
Once Shane had emailed the signed pages back to Jon Harris, Shane picked up the television remote and surfed until he found a movie safe for both father and daughter. He wouldn’t watch anything with sex in it without blushing with Abigail there.
Skyfall started within minutes, but James Bond fell into the provocative category. “The Dark Knight Rises, guys?” He loved all the Batman movies, new and old.
Zack finished his second beer and took out another. “Sounds good.”
“Sure.” Abigail dropped onto the couch next to her father and cuddled up against him. His arm cradled her, which made her smile. They’d gotten closer over winter break. “I liked the last one.”
Unsure, Zack stood nearby. He debated where to sit. The loveseat was sideways, so he would have to turn to see the television. He smiled at the father/daughter scene. They looked happy.
“Sit.” Shane patted the spot on Abigail’s other side. “We won’t bite.” He laughed softly and hugged his daughter. “So glad you let me back in your life.” He kissed her forehead. “I love you, my little girl.”
They soon ate dinner while the movie played. After the first, they watched a horror film, House at the End of the Street.
Usually, Abigail liked them, but that one scared the hell out of her. She hid her face in her father’s chest a few times. By the credits, her imagination created alternate scenarios for the ending.
“I’m gonna call it a night.” Shane squeezed Abigail. “Come on, honey.” He stood and pulled her up. “Let me know if you need anything.”
Alone, Zack allowed the long day play in his mind. Abigail obviously cared more than she showed. When he looked deep inside, his feelings terrified him. Although he’d tried not to, he had fallen for her. He had never been in love before, but he’d seen enough sappy movies to guess what it should be like.
Resigned to love her from afar, he walked upstairs. When he passed Abigail’s bedroom, he paused and listened. Silence. He debated if he should peek at her, then he changed his mind.
With a sigh, he entered the hall bathroom and set his bag on the counter. It saddened him to see how little he had. Shane treated him as an equal, but sometimes it seemed like charity. He needed to forget his pride, a difficult task. He dug through his things. His toothbrush wasn’t there.
“Damn.”
He took a deep breath. He’d probably forgotten other things. Hopeful, he opened the cabinet beneath the sink. A basket of brand new toiletries with a note stared at him. “In case you left something behind.” Zack grinned. He admired Shane’s fatherly side. His own father had been quite the opposite.
By the time Zack climbed into bed, his body was drained. Stripped down to his underwear, he left out a pair of pajama pants to wear in the morning. Once under the blanket, he took slow breaths to clear his mind. After a while, it worked. He drifted off, an image of Abigail’s smiling face the last thing he saw.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Minutes later, Abigail awoke from a terrifying dream. She searched her room for the killer that had been after her. He wasn’t there. She shook as she rushed to her father’s door. When she found it locked, she knocked.
“Daddy?” She looked around, afraid the crazy man was there. “Daddy? Can I come in? Please?”
She knocked again. After a few minutes, she gave up. Unable to return to her room, she paced the hall. Her eyes landed on Zack’s room. With hope, she tried his door. It opened.
Zack jumped when a hand touched his shoulder. “What the—No. Go back to bed.” His heart pounded as Abigail stood while she hugged herself. “Please don’t do this to me.”
“I had a nightmare. Please,” she pleaded. “Daddy locked his door.” Her bottom lip trembled. “I’m scared.”
Worried she would jump on him, he reached to the floor and grabbed the pajama pants. As he struggled to get them on under the blanket, he watched her. She can’t be faking it. Unable to turn her away, he sat up.
“It’s OK.” He held his arms out. “No one’s gonna hurt you.”
Relief washed over her as she stepped into his embrace. “Thanks.” She held him around the neck. “I dreamt about that guy in the movie coming to kill me.”
Zack frowned. He thought she had faked her fear earlier. She’d clung to her father throughout it. “It’s not real. I promise you.”
“Can I sleep in here?” She shivered when the dream flashed by. “Please?”
He closed his eyes. “No. Your dad’d kill me. Remember?”
“I’ll get up early. I swear.”
Zack sensed she wouldn’t get any sleep alone. Against his better judgment, he nodded. “No grabbing my dick or anything else below the belt.”
“I won’t.” She smiled, but it was short lived. When he stood, she let him go. “No. Don’t leave me.”
“I’m locking the door. Not taking the chance.” He leaned his head against it. What the fuck’re you doing? It would change things, at least for him. I need to get over her fast.
Abigail sat on the bed. Zack seemed scared of getting close to her. “Just as friends.” She wanted so much more. With him leaving for months tomorrow, what’s the point? “Thank you.”
Zack turned to her and smiled. “You’re welcome.” He took a deep breath and climbed back into bed as far from her as possible. “Gotta be careful how I hold you in case your dad has a key.”
“You don’t have to hold me.” Guilt reminded her she’d put him in a difficult position. “I just don’t wanna be alone.” She curled into a ball on the pillow he set on that side. Only seconds later, she jumped.
He sensed her fear, so he slid toward her and took her into his arms. “I’m right here.” He buried his face in her hair. I’ll always protect you. If the situation was different, he would be free to love her.


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“Patty?” Shane smiled when he opened the front door the next morning. Then he sighed. “I know I’ve been scarce lately. I’m sorry. Got a lot to do.”
She waved a hand and stepped inside the house. “That’s why I came. You don’t have time to stop at my place.”
His breath caught when he closed the door. I forgot to visit her before we leave for months? What’s wrong with me? “I shoulda made the time. So glad you stopped by.”
“Me, too.” She glanced around. “Where is the elusive new bassist?”
Shane frowned. “Asleep. I didn’t have the heart to wake him up early.”
“Typical you.” She’d always admired how he put others first. “I can’t stay long since I have a meeting for the foundation.”
His face fell. “Am I supposed to be there?” He’d taken a low-level role at the foundation in Troy’s name.
“No. I knew you had to leave today.” She moved closer and threw her arms around him. “Be safe.”
Her eyes closed as old feelings returned. Ever since the day in August when she’d brought up the idea for the foundation, she looked at him differently. Her attraction to him grew each time they were together. She ignored it because Shane didn’t seem to feel the same.
Don’t think of her that way! Shane berated himself as he held her head to his shoulder. Carnal thoughts of his best friend’s wife were like a betrayal. He didn’t understand how they’d even began.
They had gotten much closer since Troy had passed, but to him it had always been platonic. She had turned him down on New Year’s. It made him wonder if she was as lonely as him. Maybe we could just comfort each other? Wow! First class asshole. Mind outta her pants. He backed away from her, afraid of his own thoughts.
“Uh…” He shook his head to clear the image of her naked from it. “Um… Do you want coffee or something?” He rushed to the kitchen to start a pot.
Patty followed, confused. “You all right?” She noticed his hands trembling. “Tell me you didn’t have a setback.”
“What?” Her pained expression told him what she meant. “Fuck no.” He glanced down. “I’m—I’m just nervous about the tour and all.”
She smiled and walked toward him. “You’ll do fine. I’m proud of you.” She hugged him from behind and exhaled loudly. “Call me anytime you need me, even if it’s in the middle of the night. This’ll bring back memories.”
“Yeah, it will.” He laid his hands over hers and looked up. I’m sorry, bro. I can’t push her away. He hoped that Troy understood it wasn’t his intention to desecrate his memory.
She whispered, “I’ll watch over Abigail if Lacey lets me.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack woke up to an empty bed. Was that a dream? He turned onto his back. Then he realized what day it was. “Oh shit!” He struggled out of the blanket tangled around his legs. A knock made him look up.
“You up?” Shane leaned on the doorway. “Zack? Breakfast is ready. We gotta go soon.”
As Zack scrambled to the floor, he checked the room for Abigail. No sign of her. “Uh, yeah. I’m up.”
Shane opened the door. “You OK?”
“Yeah.” Zack grabbed his bag and threw it on the bed. “Got enough time for a shower?”
Shane smiled. “Sure.” He went to leave, then turned back. “Oh, Abigail said you talked her down from a nightmare. I lock my door sometimes. Sorry she woke you up.”
Panicked, Zack hid his face. “It’s nothing.”
That wasn’t a dream. Damn. He covered his erection. Her body against his all night had been more than he’d hoped for.
Each time she’d awoken in fear, he held her closer. It had taken all his strength not to become aroused. As promised, she hadn’t made a move on him. All she had done was squeeze his hand for comfort.
“Quick shower.” Shane said as he stood in the doorway. “Kyle and Carter are downstairs. Dave and Julio are almost here. Bus and truck are all set. We’re all gonna go in the Tahoe. Let me know if you forgot anything.”
Zack smiled as he turned to Shane. “Thanks for the stuff in the bathroom. I did forget my toothbrush.” He grabbed his bag. “Abigail’s gone?”
“School today,” Shane explained. “She said to tell you goodbye and good luck. See you downstairs.”
Kyle stood up from the couch when he heard Shane come down the stairs. “He nervous?”
“I think so.” Shane headed straight for the kitchen. “I’m gonna set everything out.”
They had to hurry, so Kyle jogged to catch up. “I’m helping whether you like it or not.” He grabbed a platter of eggs and placed it on the large table a few feet away.
By the time Kyle and Shane had breakfast ready, Zack came down, dressed but with wet hair. “Damn, that smells good.” His stomach rumbled as he followed the scent of bacon. “Man, you spoil me.” He sat down just as Carter began to fill his plate.
“You should taste his lasagna.” Carter dug in.
The front door opened. “Fuckin’ cold out there,” Dave shouted as he shrugged his coat off. The wind was stronger by the water. “You started without me?”
“There’s plenty of food,” Shane assured him.
Julio smiled as he settled at the table. “Thanks for making breakfast.”
“Gotta start this trip off right.” Shane grinned. It was tradition for the band and crew to have a meal at Shane’s house the day they left for a tour. “If you guys all want to take the shot, I’m cool with it.” That was also tradition.
Kyle shook his head. “No alcohol. How about juice or something?”
“I have cranberry juice.” Shane pulled out the bottle and six shot glasses.
Dave took his and waited for the entire group to be seated. “I wanna say something.” Silence met him. “You guys gave me a second chance after I got out. Not everyone does that. Thanks.” He lifted his glass. “Troy, buddy. I know you’ll be with us. We miss you. We love you. We’re gonna continue on for you. Keep us safe on the road and stay in our hearts forever.”
“Ditto!” Carter nodded.
Shane closed his eyes. “This one’s for you, Troy.”
Zack sat next to Shane. He put a hand on Shane’s shoulder, sure the words had brought him some pain. “Wish I’d met him.”
“He would’ve loved you.” Shane managed a half-smile.


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

“Wow.” Zack’s eyes flitted around. Dave led a tour of the Southwest Arena’s backstage area in New Jersey. “This place is huge! We have a dressing room?”
Dave laughed. “Of course.” Zack’s reaction amused him. “Once Gasoline and Wicked End have their equipment onstage, we gotta empty the truck. Until then, we can explore.” He winked at Zack. “There’s always girls around, but with the big guns here, they’ll be even more.” He slapped Zack on the back. “You need to get laid, my boy. You’re too tense.”
Tense was putting it mildly. The stress and ache in his heart overwhelmed him. He had to let it go. Before Rose, he’d lost himself in sex when down or having issues. Maybe that will work.
“Hey, Dave.” Tommy Fischer passed them, frustrated.
Dave grabbed Tommy’s arm. “Hey, anything I can do?”
“Nah.” Tommy threw his hands up. “Fuckin’ Dean again. Since that shit went down on New Year’s he’s been acting sketchy again. He’s not even answering his phone. I’m not bailing his ass out again.”
Zack had seen part of what had happened with Dean and some girl at Tommy’s party. The police arrested her, but he hadn’t asked why. Dean had shouted about her stash, and he was clean or something. Tommy’s attitude told him it’d been worse than they claimed.
“Damn, man.” Dave shook his head. “Sorry. Let me know if I can help.”
Tommy tried to smile, but he was at his wits end. “Thanks.”
Dave laid a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “Don’t mean to change the subject, but I wanted to introduce Zack to the pleasure of groupies.”
Zack’s cheeks heated. “I’ve seen groupies before.”
“Not like ours.” Tommy was glad the conversation had changed course. “Crazy Mike let in the chicks hanging in the parking lot. You can take your pick. Come on. A blowjob is exactly what I need.”
Dave grinned. “This’s gonna be great.”
Unsure what to expect, Zack followed Tommy and Dave. They walked into a large room with loud music and lots of girls. His jaw hung open as his eyes scanned all he could see. He recognized members of Gasoline, Wicked End and Mark of the Devil. Most had a girl on their lap, on their cock or under them. It wasn’t what he’d expected at all.
He stared at Brandon Knight. A dark-haired woman had his dick down her throat. Two of his bandmates, Scott and Austin, watched while their own chicks sat on their lap. Yuri and Anthony of Mark of the Devil fondled the same girl. Zack had no words. Obviously, anything goes in a rock star’s dressing room.
“There’s a good one who seems lonely.” Dave tugged Zack toward the back of the room. He stopped at a couch that faced a wall. A trio of women were alone but with drinks in their hands. “Hello, ladies. Meet the new bassist of Silverblade, Zack. He needs help getting comfortable.” He winked and shoved Zack onto their laps.
Zack landed with his face in one of their crotches. When he tried to get up, his hand squeezed someone’s breast. “I’m so sorry. Dave’s a bit drunk, I think.”
“New bassist, huh?” One girl ran a hand up his back. “Wow. That’s some ink. I wanna see more.”
“Wait… uh…” Zack squirmed as his shirt came off. He glanced around, unsure what they planned to do to him. When pleasure consumed him, he moaned. He hadn’t felt his jeans open. “Damn,” he murmured while someone stroked his cock slowly.
“He’s got a Prince Albert.”
“Lemme see.”
The room spun as they flipped Zack to his back. His eyes opened wide when he realized the three women worked to get his clothes off. “Hey! What’re you doing?”
“Dave said you need special treatment. That is definitely going inside me.”
All three were brunettes. Do I ask for names? Still in shock, he hadn’t moved. When a warm mouth engulfed his entire limp shaft, his eyes rolled back.
As soon as he could see, he imagined Abigail in the girl’s place. The dark hair almost matched Abigail’s. He pushed her head down as he grew. A long moan escaped his lips. Someone gently gripped his sac as another sucked on his fingers. His body became engulfed in pleasure.
“Whoa!” Dave cried out nearby. “You need to use a condom every time.” He tossed several flavored condoms onto Zack’s chest. “Don’t trust any chick. Seriously.”
With a nod, Zack pushed the girl’s head until his cock popped free. Embarrassed, he opened a package and rolled a condom on. “Continue, please.”
Another of the girls climbed on top of him. “My turn.” She lifted his erect shaft and let her body swallow it. “I like the ring.” She rose and dropped while holding the back of the couch. “Slow or rough?”
“Rough, baby.” Zack grinned as her rhythm sped up. He never expected to be comfortable naked in a room full of people. “Harder.” He lifted his hips as she came down, so he could ram into her hard. “Fuck! Just like that.” He glanced up at her. “If you turn around, it’ll be even better.”
He bit his lip as she turned around. He’d always wanted to try that position, but most girls were uncomfortable with it. Groupies were obviously pleasers. Just what I needed today.
His hands moved to her hips as she sank down on him again. She swiveled her pelvis, and he moaned. When she grabbed his thighs and lifted, he gasped. It was everything he’d hoped for. She looked so hot riding him. Unable to resist, his hips rose to meet hers fast.
Their rhythm intensified. All thoughts dissipated. Only the pleasure remained. His eyes closed, and he ignored the girl’s faint cries. It had been so long since he’d had it rough.
He pounded her from below as hard as possible. Her scream coupled with a slight clench within. It didn’t faze him at all. He continued the exhausting pace until his balls tightened. As his orgasm took over, he slowed a little.
“Damn.” Zack fell back and sighed. “Exactly what I needed.” His eyes opened when all three women ran their hands over his tattoos. “Not sure if I can go again. You gotta give me a bit.”
Dave leaned his arm on the back of the couch again. “You’re gonna be popular.”
“Why?” Zack waved the girl off him. He peered over the couch. Dave sat on a couch back to back with theirs as someone gave him head. “’Cause I’m new?”
Dave groaned as his girl took his entire shaft in. “Nah. You’re pierced. Not many are. Chicks like that.” He smirked. “I don’t need an advantage.” He blew a kiss to the young lady who waited anxiously a few feet away. “I got a reputation. You’ll see.”
Curiosity kept Zack from thoughts of his naked state. “Sounds like I can learn a few things from you.”
“Zack?” Shane rolled his eyes as he searched Gasoline’s vast dressing room. “Anybody seen Zack?” All he received were head shakes. “Seen Dave?”
Jake from Wicked End chuckled. “Yep, back there.” He pointed to the rear with a thumb.
Shane scanned the room and found Dave with Zack, who leaned over a couch shirtless. His eyebrows rose. If Dave’s showing him the ropes, then he has someone on his dick. He reluctantly headed in their direction.
“We’re setting up,” Shane said. It took all of his willpower not to stare at Dave’s crotch. “Need you two.”
Zack snatched his clothes. “Sorry.” He didn’t find the trio of girls. “Lemme get dressed.” He tossed the condom in a trashcan a few feet away as he pulled his jeans up. “I’m sorry. We lost track of time.”
“Yeah, I see.” Shane folded his arms over his chest. “Set up, then sex next time.”
Zack stared at the floor while he shoved his feet into his boots. “Sorry.” He hated that he’d disappointed Shane. “Won’t happen again.”
“Chill.” Dave groaned and pumped his hips quickly. “Almost done.”
Shane turned away and waited. When Zack was at his side, he laid a hand on his shoulder. “Didn’t mean to be all pissy.” He leaned down and spoke quietly, “I’m trying not to delve back into this crazy world. It’s not easy.”
“Oh, wow.” Zack understood. “Let’s get outta here then.” He wouldn’t let Shane regress.
Tommy stood near the door, texting frantically. He glanced up when Shane came into his peripheral vision. “Please tell me you heard from Giovanni or Crystal.”
“Uh.” Shane bit his bottom lip. “I don’t have their phone numbers.”
“Shit!” Tommy rushed into the hallway and called Crystal’s phone again. “No one’s fuckin’ answering.” He hit end and tried their vocalist, Chris Bradley’s, phone. “What’re they doing? Dressing Dean? Why the hell can’t Dean take care of himself?” Panic rose, and he couldn’t stop it. Crystal was special to him.
Shane had followed Tommy with Zack close behind. “Tom. Tom, relax. Maybe they stopped at the store.”
“Then why ain’t they answering?” Tommy’s eyes opened wide. “This don’t make sense.”
Zack watched Shane try to calm Tommy down. He thought of nothing to help. When a familiar woman wrapped her arms around Tommy, he threw his arm over her shoulders. Zack recognized her as Tommy’s date from New Year’s.
Unsure, Zack tried not to listen to the private conversation. When Dave appeared, he asked, “Do you know what’s going on?”
Dave gave Zack a cocky smile. “No clue. Let’s get the gear in place.”
“OK.” Zack regretted leaving Shane, but he also didn’t want to intrude. He followed Dave onto the stage. “What should I do?”
Julio waved him over to Kyle’s drum kit. “I could use help. We’re behind already.”
Zack excitedly set up the mics where Julio directed. “Who’s working sound?”
Dave moved amps into place around the drum kit. “Mike and Mike from Gasoline’s crew. They’ll do sound checks, too.”
“Need help?” Kyle and Carter stepped onto the stage.
Dave nodded. “Yeah, you wanna take the banner out and hook it up?”
“Hey.” Phil, from Triple Threat’s crew, joined the group. “I heard you guys could use a hand. I’m a jack of all trades.”
Julio grinned. “Cool, thanks. The lights are in those cases.” He pointed to the front of the stage. “They gotta go on the amps.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When Dave and Zack laid tarps over their equipment, Zack wondered why Shane hadn’t shown his face. The tense situation in the hallway made him wonder if Tommy had received a call from the girl he was worried about.
Kenny, part of Mark of the Devil’s crew, appeared. “You guys done?”
“Yep.” Dave waved a hand. “Two more bands before you. Make sure you leave them room.” He glanced at Zack. “You can look around if you like but don’t disappear.”
Zack headed backstage to search for Shane. When he found Shane and Jon with serious expressions, he rushed over to them. “What’s up?”
“Jon can’t get ahold of Dean or all of Triple Threat either,” Shane told him. “You hear anything?”
With a shake of his head, Zack replied, “I can ask around.”
Zack ran toward the stage in search of Phil. He found him talking to Dave. “Hey! Phil, have you heard from anyone in your band?”
“Come to think of it, no.” Phil pulled his phone from his pocket and tried several numbers. No one answered. “It’s not like them to be outta touch.”
“Damn.” Zack rushed to talk to Mike and Mike, Gasoline’s sound guys. No matter how many people he spoke to, there was no information about the missing musicians. When he gave up, he ran back to Shane. “No one knows nothing.” He panted, hands on his knees.
“What’d he say?” Tommy asked as he finally approached them.
Jon glanced up. “One thing at a time. A doctor at Mercy called. He has Dean’s phone. Won’t tell me anything ’til I get there.” He took a deep breath. “Chris called too but I can’t figure out exactly what happened. All I know is there was an accident.” He glanced at Tommy, glad Hailey held him around the waist. “Crystal’s unconscious, but I don’t know why.”
“Fuck!” Tommy’s knees went out.
Zack caught Tommy before he fell. “Shit!”
“She’ll be fine.” Hailey tried to keep her voice steady, but it wasn’t easy. “Tommy, look at me.” When he did, she kissed his lips. “We’ll go to the hospital. You’ll see she’s OK.”
Jon stood up. “I gotta go.”
“Dude.” Shane grabbed Jon’s arm. “You’re in no condition to drive.”
Zack nodded. “None of you are. I can drive you.”
“Yeah.” Shane patted a nervous Dominic on the back. “Let Zack take you, and I’ll deal with things here.” He waved Zack over when Tommy stood on his own. “Call me when you find out what’s going on. I need you to be there to kinda represent the band. If it’s as bad as it sounds, we’ll be there after I get everything settled here.”
Zack nodded and pulled out the phone Shane had lent him. “I’ll update you.”
“Good, thanks.” Shane took a deep breath as they walked away. Dread came over him. He leaned against a wall and tried not to let memories of Troy’s death emerge. “This is different.”
Dave passed Shane, then backed up. “You OK?”
“No.” Shane lifted his head. “I don’t have details, but Dean and Crystal of Triple Threat were in some kinda accident. Zack took Jon, Dominic, and Tom to the hospital to check on them. Not sure if this concert’s gonna happen tonight.”
Certain Shane was lost in a memory, Dave said, “This is not Troy again. Let’s get the bands together and tell them we’re delayed at least.”
“Good idea.” Shane pushed off the wall and stood straight. “Thanks. You always got my back.”
“That’s right, brother.” Dave winked. “This is gonna work out.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

Shane stood just offstage sometime after fans entered the building. Zack had called and relayed the devastating results from the accident. It had thrown him for a loop. However, he had a job to do.
“I’m right here for you.” Patty had changed her mind about the concert. It was a good thing she had. She sensed the fear and tension in Shane. “As soon as you’re ready to talk, I’ll listen.”
He smiled and nodded. Her surprise appearance had made the past hour bearable. “I need to do this announcement, but I can’t get a grip on my emotions.”
“Do you want me to go with you?” She threw her arms around him and laid her head on his chest. “I’ll just hold your hand or something.”
Shane realized that would start rumors they were a couple. That was far from the truth and might make Patty’s life a living hell. He couldn’t allow that. “I need to do this on my own, but thanks.” He kissed the top of her head and gently pulled away. “I’ll be back.”
The house lights still on, Shane made his way onto the stage. Girls screamed and people shouted his name when he was visible. He walked to the center with a wireless microphone. The crowd roared when he lifted it to his lips. He held up a hand and glanced down, barely able to hold it together.
“I need quiet. Please.” He waited. When silence fell over the entire place, he continued, “We’ve had an incident.” He wasn’t sure what else to call it. “This show has to be postponed.”
Groans and boos came from all over.
With a hand in the air again, Shane shouted, “Two people who were supposed to perform tonight were killed in a car accident.” He swallowed as the audience reacted with shock and silence again. “Another is still touch and go.”
He paused and took a few deep breaths. Tears stung his eyes. He glanced at Patty, and she gave him the strength to continue.
“Three of the bands lost members. I plan to be there for the survivors tonight. I promise we’ll find a way to hold this show sometime soon. We’ll announce it when we have the details. But as far as I know, Triple Threat, Raining Black, and Gasoline will not be performing.”
He suddenly realized he shouldn’t have said that. Next of kin notification hadn’t taken place.
“Please keep the bands and their families in your prayers.”
Brandon Knight and Jake Thompson of Wicked End joined Shane. Jake lifted his mic. “Can we have a moment of silence?” He waited a full minute. “Thank you for understanding that we need to support our brothers. I, for one, could not make it through an entire set while there are people close to me mourning. We’ll be back as soon as possible. Thank you again, New Jersey!” He put a fist in the air.
Shane watched the floor as they left the stage together. “Thanks.”
Jake patted Shane’s shoulder. “Anytime.” He glanced at Brandon, then back. “We’ll go with you to the hospital. I hear Crystal’s not doing so well. Tommy’s a wreck.”
“You did good,” Patty said as she took Shane’s hand in hers.
He nodded. “Thanks.”
While they walked toward backstage, a familiar voice called Shane’s name. He turned and smiled. “Mom?” He hurried to her at the edge of the seats next to the stage. With all the craziness, he’d forgotten they planned to watch the show. “Dad.” He closed his eyes when they hugged him.
“I’m sorry about your friends,” his mother, Lydia, whispered. “We understand you have to go.”
His father, Phoenix, kissed Shane’s temple. “Anything you need, son. We’re there for you.”
“Thanks.” Shane sensed their love. It was exactly what he needed. “Let Abigail know I’m all right. Please. I dunno what the press is gonna say.”
“We will.” Lydia ran her fingers through her son’s hair. She liked him as a blonde. “She may want to hear you’re OK, though. Call her.”
Shane nodded. “When I can.”
“Hey.” Brandon walked up to Shane. “I got a car on the way. Vince and Sam are coming too.”
After a deep breath, Shane let his parents go. “I’ll call when I’m home. Who knows what’s next.” He kissed both on the cheek. “It may be a long night. I’m not really sure what I’m gonna find at the hospital.”
Patty waited until Shane was close, then she grabbed his hand again. “I’ll go with you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Minutes later, Shane stepped outside and the cold hit him. The temperature had dropped. He was glad he’d brought his long leather coat. With it closed up tight, he hurried to Brandon. Nervously, Shane climbed into the minivan and sat next to Jake in the very back.
Brandon took the seat on Shane’s other side. “You doing OK?”
“I dunno.” Shane’s emotions built, and he wasn’t sure what to do about it. “Kinda feels familiar.” There were many trips to the hospital before Troy passed. “Can’t believe Dean’s gone.”
As he stared at his hands, Brandon sighed. “Dean’s a dick, but Giovanni was a good guy. Kenzie’s a mess, but she wouldn’t come with me.”
“You knew Giovanni?” Shane leaned back and turned to Brandon, who appeared sad.
Brandon nodded and whispered, “We had a thing with him and his girl a few months ago.”
“You, too?” Shane winced. “Damn, didn’t mean to say that.”
“Your secret’s safe with me.” Brandon smiled. “Crystal’s a helluva chick. She’s gotta be heartbroken.”
Shane shook his head. “Zack’s there. She doesn’t know yet. Hasn’t regained consciousness.”
“Oh wow.” Brandon sighed. “She’s that bad?”
Patty had gone back to get her purse. By the time she found the taxi, everyone was inside. She peeked into the open door and noticed no empty seats. “Um… should I stay here?”
“Uh…” Shane glanced around. “Guess you could sit on my lap.” He was glad his emotional state would deter any desire for her.
She climbed in and settled on Shane’s legs. “Just let me know if I should move.” When the vehicle lurched, she turned slightly and laid her head on his shoulder. “Don’t think of Troy.”
“I can’t help it,” Shane whispered. “Are you sure you can handle this?”
Her free hand shifted to his cheek. “I can, and whatever you need from me, I’m here.”
Jake leaned toward the seat in front of him. “Vince, you heard anything about the tour?”
“Nothing yet.” Vince was Gasoline’s Production Manager. When a decision was made, they would inform him. “I’ll deal with that tomorrow.” He shook his head. “Damn, I gotta call a bunch of venues if Jon’s not up to it.”
Sam, Vince’s assistant, grabbed his arm. “I’ll help you. Don’t worry.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Once in the emergency waiting room, Shane found no one familiar. A quick text gave him the reason. He turned to the others. “They’re still waiting on Crystal’s surgery.”
“I need to use the ladies’ room.” Patty’s emotions had threatened to overwhelm her, but Shane needed her more than ever. “I’ll meet you there.”
When Shane entered the post-op waiting room, he swallowed hard. Memories assaulted him. Troy had been in the hospital many times for overdoses or injuries from fights or falls. All of them had been drug related. He hoped Dean hadn’t regressed.
Zack saw Shane falter and rushed to him. “Hey, it’s a’right.” He wedged a supporting arm under Shane’s shoulder and guided him to a chair away from the others. “Take it easy. This is a lot to handle.”
“That’s an understatement.” It all came down on Shane. At the arena, he’d had to put up a front for the fans, then his family. “I used to snort with him… Dean.” Memories of him, Troy and Dean hiding in a free room floated by. “Troy and him…” He took in a shaky breath. “They…”
Zack felt Shane shudder. “Sorry this is bringing back some serious shit. I’m here for whatever you need.”
“Thanks.” Shane shut his eyes tightly. “I spent a lotta time in ERs.” He let out a long exhale. “Troy was a good guy, but he never stopped. He OD’d four or five times. Only the last time, I didn’t know he’d taken anything.”
When Shane was silent for a while, Zack assured him, “It’s not your fault, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Yeah, I get it.” Shane sighed. “Took me almost a year to realize that. Still… Dean was on that same path. Except for the few years of sobriety. Troy couldn’t go a week sober. Even after he passed out on stage on our last tour, he walked out of rehab and started right back up. It was like he didn’t wanna be clean. I tried so hard to help him, but… he let it consume him. He was my best friend.”
Zack wasn’t sure what to say. At least he’s not crying. He had no clue how to comfort a sobbing man. Maybe getting it out will help. “Is that why you don’t drink or nothing?”
“Yeah.” Shane breathed deeply to relax. “I’ll never go back to that life. Seeing your best friend dead will wake you the hell up.”
Shane turned and looked at Zack. He’d not once unloaded to anyone except a counselor. The burden had lifted slightly, but he had more to unleash.
“I tried to quit a few times. Mostly after Troy’s overdoses. The last one before he died shoulda been the wake-up call, but I couldn’t kick it. That night, we spent hours in a room like this. They pumped his stomach, then drained some fluid from a head injury. You’d think that woulda stopped him. Nope! As soon as they let him out, he was buying dope again. We had to force him into rehab so he didn’t kill himself. Obviously, it didn’t work.”
Hailey appeared before Shane and Zack. “They’re moving her to recovery. Chad’s going to meet her.” She sat next to Shane. “How do we help him through this?”
Confused, Shane looked up. “Why’re you asking me?”
“Because you’ve been through this, sort of,” Hailey explained. “None of us have. We want to be there for him, but he’s pushing everyone away. He says he needs to do it alone. She’s his best friend.” She grabbed Shane’s hand. “How do we make him see he’s not alone?”
Shane glanced at her. “You can’t. He has to deal with this his way. Remember, he lost Giovanni, too. He’s probably a wreck inside. Guys can’t express shit like chicks.” He caught sight of Tommy. “Maybe some can, when it’s too much for them. I don’t know Chad, but for me… I held it in until I was overwhelmed and almost made the biggest mistake in my life. Don’t leave him alone if you can. If she doesn’t pull through, he’s gonna blame himself.”
“I was thinkin’ the same.” Hailey squeezed Shane’s hand. “Thanks.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Meanwhile, Patty was in the ladies’ room, crying. She had locked herself in a stall and let it all out. The last thing Shane needed was to see her fall apart. Thoughts of her deceased husband in hospital beds flashed by. There had been more emergency room visits than she could count.
The fear she’d had before he died also returned. She had known Troy was going down a path he could never return from. However, she had always had a grain of hope he would finally see what he was doing to himself. She’d grieved for what seemed like a lifetime.
An image of Shane’s sad expression reminded her why she had insisted she go to the hospital. He must be going crazy out there. She blew her nose and rushed to the sink to splash water on her face. He would be more upset if he saw she’d been crying.
When she reached the post-op waiting room, she realized she had taken longer than she thought. Everyone was getting ready to leave. “I’m sorry I took so long.” She grabbed Shane’s arm who stood next to Zack.
“It’s OK.” Shane pulled her into his arms. “I know this is hard on you, too. You don’t have to hide that you’re upset.” He kissed the top of her head. “We’ll get through this together.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Crystal’s in a room,” Jon announced when everyone gathered in an office at the hospital. “I can’t deal with the tour issues tonight. Vince canceled the Philly show tomorrow.” He sighed and leaned on a wall. “I was thinking anyone who doesn’t live within a hundred miles can stay with someone in the area. I have like five beds and four couches. Dominic offered a few beds and couches, too.”
Tommy’s hand rose. “I got room for two or three.”
“Me, too.” Shane looked around. “How about we all stick close by until we figure this all out?” Patty was at his side, silently supporting him.
Jon nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure the crew will open their homes as well. Everyone will have somewhere to sleep tonight.”
“Hey.” Shane cocked an eyebrow. “How long can we leave the buses and trucks at the arena?”
Jon groaned. “Didn’t think of that, another set should fit in our lot.”
“Lenny’ll make room.” Shane folded his arms over his chest and frowned. “Transportation’s gonna be an issue.”
Brandon chimed in, “We can rent cars. Tomorrow I’ll look into hotels.” He didn’t want the others to worry. “It’ll be fine.”
“Jon and Dominic live out here,” Shane explained. “Me, Dave, Kyle and Carter are in Long Island. Tommy’s by Atlantic City. You guys just decide where you wanna stay.”
Jake sat on a desk and closed his eyes. “Does anyone in Mark of the Devil live here?”
“Damn, no.” Frustration set in for Jon. “How’re we gonna accommodate this many people?”
Dominic sensed Jon’s pain. “We’ll go back to the arena. If you can find a hotel room, great. Anyone who can’t, puts their name in a hat and we start choosing. It’ll work out. My brother has room, too.”
Sam put his phone away. “Uh, not to make things worse… Dave said most hotels are booked up. Multiple conventions or something. I got an air mattress and a pull-out couch.”
“Thanks.” Relief came over Jon. “Let’s get back to the arena then.”
The trip took multiple cabs. Several had stayed behind. Phil, Tommy and Dominic included. The rest didn’t want to be in the way. Once at the arena, they easily found somewhere for everyone to stay for at least a week.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Hours later, Shane pulled into his driveway in the Tahoe. His stomach dropped. Abigail’s Mustang was in the far slot. He drove into the garage and wondered why she was there. The rule was: no visits while he wasn’t home. Only once had she broken that. Removal of her car privileges had been the penalty. She wouldn’t break it again.
Brandon Knight opened the back door, and his girlfriend Mackenzie climbed off his lap. “Nice car out there.”
“My daughter’s,” Shane replied, nervous.
Zack stepped out of the front seat. “Did you tell her what happened?”
“No.” Shane glanced at the stairs. “My mom did.” He turned to the vehicle. “Jesse, you OK?”
Jesse, from Wicked End’s crew, slid out of the backseat. “Uh, yeah. I can breathe now.”
“I ain’t that big.” Pepe, Wicked End’s mechanic, shook his head as he exited from the other side. “Keep that up and I’ll get you in your sleep.”
Shane glared at Pepe. “No smoking in my house.”
“I won’t.” Pepe put up his right hand. “I’ll go out back. Even if it’s 20 degrees.”
Shane couldn’t help but smile. He had known Pepe as long as he’d known Brandon. Jesse he’d only met once, but Brandon vouched for him. Shane was careful who he exposed his daughter to. Jake had wanted to stay with him. No way in hell would Shane let Jake lay eyes on Abigail.
“OK.” Shane started up the stairs after he closed the garage door. “I got one extra bedroom. Then there’s the couch in the living room, a love seat, and another couch in the game room.”
Brandon laughed as they stepped onto the second floor. “We call bedroom.” He winked at Jesse.
“Uh.” Shane watched the heated glances between the three. “My daughter’s here tonight. Please don’t let her catch you fooling around.”
Mackenzie’s head spun to Shane. “That won’t happen. I promise.”
“I learned that her panties in her mouth shut her up good.” Brandon winked. “I swear she won’t hear anything inappropriate.”
Shane sighed with relief. “I never want her to know some of the things I’ve done.” He looked at everyone. “Let me get pillows and blankets. They’re upstairs. Come on.”
He crept up the stairs, then down the hall. Abigail’s room was empty, so he checked the others. All empty. His heart pounded. Where is she? Extra pillows and blankets were in his room. After he handed them over, he planned to search downstairs for his daughter.
He opened his bedroom door. What he found was a shock. “Look at this.” Shane smiled and waved everyone toward him.
Abigail was asleep in Shane’s bed, wearing his Superman pajamas. He’d gotten them years ago and only wore them when she was over. They were big on her. His face dropped when he realized she held his pillow, her cheeks stained with tears.
“So sweet,” Mackenzie whispered.
Zack peeked in and saw what Shane did. Worry consumed him. Why was she crying? He wanted to ask but didn’t want Shane to suspect his feelings. Then he groaned silently. I’m such a dick. Guilt hit him. He hadn’t expected to see Abigail for months. By then, he’d hoped to be over her.
“Hey, honey.” Shane sat on the bed and stroked his daughter’s cheek. “What’s wrong?”
Abigail awoke slowly. Her father’s voice came to her in a dream. Then her eyes opened.
“Daddy!” She jumped up and hugged him tight. “I thought you were in the accident and Grandma was lying. Why didn’t you call me, Daddy? I was so scared. I don’t wanna lose you, Daddy.”
“So sorry, baby.” Shane wrapped his arms around her. “It’s OK. I swear. I’m right here.” Her tears went straight to his heart. “So sorry I didn’t call.”
She clung to him, terrified to let go. When Troy had died, she’d assumed her father was next. “Can I stay in your room with you tonight? Please?” She hadn’t asked for that in several years.
“Sure.” Shane kissed the top of her head. “First, I should get everyone settled.”
Abigail’s eyes lifted. “Everyone?”
“Yeah, long story. A few of my friends are gonna stay with us for a week or so.”
Her bottom lip trembled. “Because of the people who died in the accident? I heard they were supposed to play tonight. They didn’t give names at first. I thought it was you.”
“I’m so sorry.” He brushed his lips over her forehead. “I won’t do that again. Promise.”
Zack watched as tears threatened. It was a touching scene. He wanted to hold her and take it all away. She only had eyes for her father, though. It was obvious she thought he had died. He hoped she would never have that pain again.


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

The next day, everyone met at Demonfire Records. The conference room wasn’t big enough, so they used an empty room in the new building. Until Dominic’s brother, Anthony, stood and whistled, organized chaos reigned. When the owners were away, Anthony managed the place. With four kids, he knew how to silence a crowd.
“Jon and Tommy are mourning, so I took it upon myself to help figure this out.” Anthony glanced Jon’s way. “Since there will be funerals to attend, I canceled the shows for the first two weeks. Notification that the lineup may change has already gone out to the rest of the venues.”
Although unsteady, Jon stood. He hadn’t been able to sleep. Mitchell from Winter Winds took over driving duties that morning because Jon couldn’t think straight. He had ten people at his place. Life around him helped him not dwell on the loss.
“Thanks, Anthony.” Jon held onto his chair. “I wish I knew what to do but… I have no clue.” He faltered and sat back down. “The most important date in the next month is the Las Vegas festival. Brass Monkey and a few other bands will be there, too. That may be a good start.”
He swallowed the emotion that built. Anthony had offered to take care of the meeting alone hours earlier, but Jon needed to show his face and assure everyone he had things in control.
“I’m not sure about my band,” Jon continued. “Obviously, Raining Black and Triple Threat are out. Crystal hasn’t even woken up. Chad’s a wreck. Chris can barely talk. They can’t be part of this.” He realized that he was rambling. “Anyway… Can anyone think of bands to replace them?”
Shane checked if anyone would respond. No one seemed likely. “Dave and Julio have a band.” The growl from next to him was expected.
“You do?” Jon knew Dave was an amazing guitar player.
Dave glared at Shane inches away. “We were just messing around. Nothing serious.” He’d never planned to go anywhere with it.
“Somebody tell Dave how awesome he is.” Kyle shook his head. “He doesn’t believe us.”
Brandon threw his hands up. “Dave, you got your own fan group. You think it’s because of your pretty face? You’re a rock star to them, too.”
Dave’s cheeks heated. He only liked attention from the ladies. He didn’t want to be in a band because he couldn’t stand the egos. The boys of Silverblade weren’t a problem. However, many others were. The guys they played with back home had annoyed him fast.
“Even if I wanted to,” Dave paused, “it’s only us, no singer or bassist.”
Casey, a guitar tech for Gasoline, put up a hand. “I play bass, but it’s up to you.”
“See.” Shane shoved Dave playfully. “This will work. It’s just a few songs. You can do covers, like you usually do.”
Dave shrugged. “I dunno.” He glanced around the room. Everyone seemed hopeful. “I don’t sing.”
Carter stood up. “Who sings and ain’t in a band?” He didn’t want anyone to strain their voice. A few hands rose. “Cool. Told you, Dave. You got options.” He pointed at one of the volunteers. “Dude, sing me part of ‘Battery.’”
“Metallica’s ‘Battery?’” Jesse hadn’t considered everything before he’d raised his hand. “Uh… here?”
Shane laughed. “If you can’t sing in front of us, how’re you gonna do it on a stage?”
“Come on.” Brandon pushed Jesse to stand. “Show us what you got.”
Nervous, Jesse rose to his feet and closed his eyes. He let the music run through his head. Before he realized it, the words flowed easily. Most in the room were in shock.
“Do ‘Nightmare,’” Dave demanded.
Jesse turned to Dave. “Huh?”
“This is how I work,” Dave explained. “Sing ‘Nightmare.’”
With a shrug, Jesse belted out the first verse of the popular Avenged Sevenfold song.
“‘Pulse of the Maggots.’” Dave wanted to be sure Jesse could recall the lyrics to a wide range of songs.
Jesse smirked. Then he screamed the Slipknot song’s chorus. He was having fun with it.
“I’m impressed.” Dave tapped his chin. “‘Dull Boy.’”
An eyebrow cocked, Jesse hoped Dave meant the Mudvayne song. “You asked for it.” He belted out the vocal intro.
“‘All Mixed Up.’” Dave was sure Jesse wouldn’t be familiar with 311.
Jesse chuckled. Wicked End played it often on the bus. He moved around as he sang, quite into it.
“I think we have a winner,” Carter announced with a smile. “One band down. Anyone else got a suggestion?”
Dave shook his head. “I need rhythm, too.”
“Right.” Carter scanned the room. “You can have Shane.” He laughed. “Don’t want those pretty little fingers to get tired. Daniel?” He was a guitar tech for Wicked End. “Will you help Dave out?”
Daniel shrugged. “Guess I can try.”
Jon was glad the others were helping him. “I have another band who’s just starting with us. They’d fit in.”
Zack zoned out as the surrounding voices became louder. That morning, he’d woken up to Abigail’s hand on his face. He had assumed it was a dream and almost pulled her into bed with him.
She’d smiled and kissed his lips softly. Without a word, she had disappeared. He tried like hell to remember if she had slept next to him again. Then he recalled she had stayed with her father.
When Zack had come down for breakfast, he’d found her in the kitchen. She’d made him promise to play a game of pool when they came home. He hoped she kept it to only that. When they hung out, as friends, he enjoyed it.
“Time to go.” Shane patted Zack’s thigh.
Zack’s head snapped up. “Huh? Already?”
“Yeah.” Shane stood. “Not much we can do now. We got almost a month ’til we try this again.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The ride back to Shane’s was quiet. Dave followed with Julio, Daniel, Casey and Jesse. As soon as the vehicle was in park, Zack rushed upstairs. A gut feeling told him something was wrong. He found Abigail in tears. His heart broke for her.
“Hey, it’s OK.” Zack sat next to her and pulled her head to his shoulder. “I swear I’ll watch out for your dad.” His eyes closed as he combed her hair with his fingers
Abigail continually dreamed of losing her father. Even a nap on the couch caused the same effect. “I wanna go with you guys, so I know he’s a’right.” She was glad Zack had come home first.
“You have school.” Zack hoped that reason was good enough.
Shane froze when he found his daughter in Zack’s arms. Anger built. He relaxed when he noticed the tears. Zack was being a friend. “What’s wrong, honey?”
“Daddy!” She released Zack and stood on the couch to grab her father. “I dreamt you died again.”
Shane pulled her into an embrace and carried her to the kitchen. “I’m sorry this scared you so much.” He wasn’t sure how to help her over the fear.
“Can I go with you when you leave?” she begged. “Please?”
He shook his head. “No, baby. You have school. How about if Mom says OK you meet me during spring break?”
“I’d like that.” She smiled, glad she would also be around Zack.
Shane was ecstatic she wanted to spend time with him. “I’ll talk to her about it tomorrow and book flights when I figure out what city we’ll be in.” He pulled back and kissed her forehead. “Dave’s starting a band. Me and Brandon are gonna help them get ready for the tour.”
Zack waited until Abigail stepped away from her father. “Come on, kid. Let’s go play pool.” He needed to see her as a child again. “You can break.”
“Cool.” Abigail jumped up and followed Zack to the game room.
Shane watched them disappear down the hallway. “So, Dave, what were you thinking?”
“About what?” Dave fell into the plush loveseat and cocked an eyebrow.
Brandon sighed and sat down. “He means your game plan. You need a set list and make sure you click.”
“Right.” Dave glanced around. “We should go to my place.”
Julio nodded. “My drums are there.”
“Before we leave.” Jesse leaned on the couch. “What style of music are we playing? Or do you wanna mix it up?”
Daniel was a quiet guy. He’d never imagined being in a band. “Do I have to interact with the audience? Not sure I can.”
“Me and Jesse will handle that,” Dave assured him. “If Jesse’s nervous, I’ll do it myself. Back to Jesse’s question. Most bands on the tour play metal. Well, not Winter Winds.” He grinned. “We shouldn’t stray too far from that, since it’s what people are comin’ to see.”
Jesse nodded. “OK. So, cover songs? I can’t imagine writing a set of new ones in two weeks.”
“Covers are fine.” Brandon waved Mackenzie toward him. “Everybody knows this is last minute.”
Mackenzie shook her head at Brandon. “I’m gonna go watch Zack play pool.”
“Uh…” Brandon whispered, “You’re interested in him?
“No.” Mackenzie cupped Brandon’s cheek. “Just bored.”
Brandon nodded. “OK. Have fun.”
Zack lined up his next shot and missed for the fourth time in a row. Abigail was in his line of vision, bent over. His eyes stayed on her cleavage. How am I gonna fake it for four more weeks?
“You’re playing with fire,” Mackenzie said in Zack’s ear. “That chick’s crazy about you.”
Zack dropped the cue, startled. “Shit.” He picked it up and turned to Mackenzie. “You got no idea. I should get a medal for resisting her.”
“Seems it’s my turn.” Abigail smirked as she leaned over the table to hit a ball. She glanced behind her. Zack stared as expected. “Looks like I’m gonna win.”
When Abigail sank the eight ball, Zack handed his cue to Mackenzie. “Good luck.” He laid down on the leather couch in the corner. “Wake me when I play again.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The doorbell made Shane look up. He’d been trying to plan dinner. After he closed the refrigerator, he headed to the front door. When he opened it, his jaw dropped. “Patty?” She rarely visited him unannounced. Twice in one week?
She smiled. “Yes, it’s me.” She held his arm. The accident still had her spooked. “How you doin’?”
“Um, OK.” Her presence lifted his mood sevenfold.
Patty scowled. “I mean about what happened last night.”
“Oh.” His eyes drifted down. “Still kinda shell shocked.” He shivered, then he stepped aside. “Sorry. Confusing day already.” He followed her to the living room. “You know Dave. This is Julio, Brandon, Pepe, Jesse, Casey, and Daniel. Everyone, this is Patty, Troy’s wife.” Most waved at her. He hadn’t introduced her the night before, and no one had questioned her.
Brandon got to his feet. “Nice to see you under better circumstances.” He extended a hand. “I knew your husband. Sorry for your loss.”
“Thanks.” The number of guests shocked Patty. “Does everyone have a place to sleep?”
Shane replied, “They’re not all staying with me. Dave is trying to get a band together to fill in for one we lost.”
“OK.” Patty gripped Shane’s arm. “Does Abigail know you’re all right?”
“She isn’t taking it well, brought it all back for her.”
“Where is she?”
He pointed to the rear of the house. “Game room with Zack and Brandon’s girlfriend, Mackenzie.”
“I’ll be back.”
Patty stood in the doorway of the game room and watched for a minute. That woman in blue jeans can’t be Shane’s baby girl. She remembered the day Shane had told her and Troy that Lacey was pregnant. He’d been terrified.
At fifteen, it hadn’t been easy to be helpful. They’d listened to him vent, supported him when he needed it, and babysat when they could. It’d made them all grow up fast, which might have contributed to the chaos that ensued years later.
“Hi, Abigail.”
Abigail turned and smiled. “Aunt Patty!” She rushed to her and hugged her tightly.
“Good to see you.” Patty kissed her cheek. “You’re really growing up.”
With a grin, Abigail nodded at the other woman nearby. “This is Mackenzie.” She tugged Patty into the room. “And that is Zack.” She pointed to the sleeping form on the couch. “Ain’t he cute?”
Patty smiled at the handsome young man. “That he is.” She pulled Abigail in for another hug. “I needed to check on you guys.” She let go and waved at Mackenzie. “Nice to meet you.”
It surprised Shane when Patty walked back into the room. He stood. “Everything OK?”
“Yeah.” Patty nodded. “Can I ask a favor?” When she got a nod, she continued, “I was afraid to ask this before, but since I’m here…” She pulled her bottom lip in to hone in her emotions. “When you play Jones Beach, can you sing ‘Always in My Heart?’ For me?”
It took Shane a few seconds to process the request. “You sure?” Troy had written their only ballad for her. Normally, Troy sang it alone, but they could convert it to a duet. “Zack’ll need to hear it. We didn’t practice that one.”
“Thanks.” Patty walked around the couch. The night before, nightmares of her husband’s death had plagued her. They’d morphed into Shane being in the accident. Guilt filled her since her feelings for Shane had deepened. “Are you sure you’re OK?”
He grabbed her hand and hoped she didn’t ask for a reason. “Sounds like you’re the one who needs reassurance.” He tugged her to the kitchen, so they were alone. “It’s not like you to show up without calling. Talk to me. What’s wrong?”
She swallowed hard and looked up at him with glassy eyes. “It brought back the nightmares… and… you in the accident.” She sniffled, unwilling to cry yet again.
“Come ’ere.” He pulled her into an embrace and held her close.
When she wrapped her arms around him as well, he gritted his teeth. Her body against his encouraged desire. It was involuntary, but it created guilt. Other than Crystal, she was the only woman he’d had remotely intimate contact with. Maybe it’s just that? I haven’t looked elsewhere?
Patty closed her eyes when the urge to run her hands over his skin came over her. Images of his naked body from the photo shoot flashed in her mind. Fantasies she’d had of him played like a movie. Again, guilt filled her. This is so wrong.
“I gotta go.” She backed away briefly, then she embraced him once more. His comfort was addictive. “Just wanted to check if you were OK.”
Shane held her tight, afraid to admit he enjoyed it so much. “Thanks for checking on me.” After he walked her to the door, he heard a loud cry. By the time he made it to the game room, Abigail stood over Zack.
She winced and ran her fingers through Zack’s hair. “I’m so sorry. Where’d I hit you?”
“You hit him?” A hundred reasons flashed through Shane’s mind.
Abigail shook her head. “Technically, the cue ball did, but I hit it.” She lifted Zack’s chin. “Did I break something?
It took almost a full two minutes for Zack to catch his breath. “Fine.” It had connected with his breastbone and startled him out of sleep. “I’m a’right. Knocked the wind outta me.” He eased to a sitting position and held his chest.
“I’m so sorry.” Abigail sat next to Zack and rubbed the front of his shirt. “You sure you’re OK?”
Zack nodded. “Yep.” He breathed deep and leaned back. “Scared the shit outta me, but I’m fine.”
A buzzer sounded. Shane turned his head. “Dinner’s ready.” He patted Zack on the shoulder. “Yell if you’re dizzy when you stand up.”
“Yeah.” Zack grabbed his knees. “Need help?”
Shane shrugged. “Sure.” He started for the door.
“Gimme a minute.” Zack used the side of the couch to get to his feet. He expected the hand on his back. “I’m fine, Abigail.” He walked a few feet and found nothing amiss. “I’m gonna go help your dad.”
When Zack entered the kitchen, it surprised him that Shane had a large pan of lasagna on the stove top. “Damn, that looks good.”
“Thanks.” Shane smiled at Zack. “Sometimes I make extra and freeze it. I get a lotta unexpected guests.”
Zack’s mouth watered. “Glad you’re prepared. The fridge is kinda bare.”
“No point going shopping before we left for the tour,” Shane explained. “Guess I need to go to Key Food before it closes tonight.”
As Zack glanced around, he cocked an eyebrow. “We eating in here?”
“Dining room,” Shane replied.
Zack counted heads and took out enough place settings for everyone. Within ten minutes, he had everything ready with hot plates in the center. After Shane set the pan down, Zack hurried to the kitchen to get the vegetables for Abigail. He couldn’t imagine not eating meat or cheese.
Halfway through the meal, Shane pointed his fork at his daughter. “You staying tonight?”
“Um…” Abigail bit her bottom lip. “Well, I’m going to Bowery Ballroom with my friends, but I can come here after if you want.”
Shane glared at her. He flashed back to the night Tommy had met Hailey there. “Uh-uh, too many older guys, and I don’t want you goin’ to the city. What’s wrong with Sound Bytes?” A younger crowd frequented that local rock club.
“Mom said I could.” Abigail pouted. “Jenny, Sam and Gigi are going, too.”
Shane’s mind raced. He had seconds to find a reason she couldn’t go or an alternative. His eyes drifted to the right. “Only if Zack chaperones.” She would balk if her father wanted to tag along.
Abigail grinned widely. “Will you come, Zack?”
Zack’s mouth was full. He stared at Shane before his gaze shifted to Abigail. Hours alone with her was risky. Her expression was priceless though, pure excitement, not deceit. Shane seemed hopeful he would agree.
“Please, Zack,” she begged. “Or else I can’t go.” She gave him the look that worked on her father.
Zack swallowed and leaned toward Shane. “I don’t have fancy clothes.”
“You can borrow something if you want to.” Shane cocked an eyebrow.
Nervous, Zack toyed with his fork. “I dunno.”
“I need your help here,” Shane whispered. “That place is filled with older guys. This is my baby we’re talking about. I trust you.”
Zack felt obligated to go after that. “OK, fine.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Dressed head to toe in black, Abigail waited by the front door for Zack. Her father approved of the tights and boots, but the long sleeve, low cut top made him scowl. She thought he would be happy she no longer listened to pop music.
Zack walked down the stairs in a black dress shirt and slacks borrowed from Shane. They fit him better than expected. Shane had made the pants work with a quick hem job. It shocked Zack that Shane sewed so well.
When he reached the bottom step, his eyes settled on Abigail. He groaned silently. The tight, sexy outfit was perfect for her but trouble for him. Unintentionally, he scanned her body. His gaze went over her breasts twice. I’m a dead man.
“Don’t let her outta your sight,” Shane whispered to Zack as he stood behind him.
Zack almost jumped out of his skin at Shane’s voice. “Uh, yeah. I’ll be with her the whole time.” He glanced up and wished he hadn’t. She had her back to him. The pants made her ass look fuller. Fuckin’ A.
“No drinking,” Shane said to his daughter as he approached her. “I don’t care what your friends say.” He turned back to Zack. “You wanna take the Mazda or the Lexus?”
Abigail scowled. “I’m driving. We can take my car.”
“It’s a long drive.” Shane wanted Zack to drive.
She rolled her eyes. “I’m a good driver. You taught me.”
“Yeah.” Shane cupped her cheek and kissed the top of her head. “I’m always gonna worry. That’s what dads are for. I love you.”
“I love you too, Dad.” Abigail was giddy about Zack coming out with them. She hoped to entice him into an intimate moment. “Ready, Zack?”
Zack shrugged. “Guess so.”
They drove to Jenny’s house to pick up the others. Zack cocked an eyebrow when he saw Sam was a guy. That’s unexpected. The trio got into the backseat while he waited. Could be worse.
“This is my boyfriend for the night, Zack,” Abigail announced.
Zack leaned his head on the roof of the car. “Shane’s gonna kill me.”
Abigail tugged on Zack’s belt. “Come on. We gotta go.”
“Hey.” Zack pulled her hand away from his pants and sat in the passenger seat again. “I’m your chaperone, not your blowup doll.” The trio in the back burst into laughter. He rolled his eyes. Bad choice of words, man.
Sure Zack was only half-annoyed, Abigail squeezed his knee. “We’ll see about that.” She smirked and shifted into gear.
Nervous, Zack leaned over and whispered in her ear, “That’s not happening, and you know it.” His voice was unsteady. The thought of her under him made him shiver. He covered the growing bulge in his pants with his hands.
With a sly expression, Abigail stared at the road. She didn’t have to see Zack to know he she’d turned him on. His tone said it all. She hoped he stuck as close as possible. Silently, she thanked her father for insisting Zack join them. This is gonna be the best night ever.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Once they arrived at the Bowery Ballroom, Zack was surprisingly calm. The ride there had been smooth. Abigail was a much better driver than he’d expected. Shane must have taken a lot of time to teach her right.
Zack followed close behind Abigail as his hand hovered at her waist. The venue was new to him. He looked around in awe. The place seemed familiar to her.
When they stopped near the stage, Zack leaned down. “You been here before?”
“Yeah.” Her lips brushed his ear on purpose. “Daddy played here a few times.”
He nodded and took up position behind her. While they waited, he glared at any man who dared approach her. Most hurried away. A few lingered and talked to her friend Gigi. The first band wasn’t due to take the stage for about twenty minutes. Boredom had set in. Wait, I’m not driving. Cool.
“Come with me.” Zack tugged Abigail to the bar. Shane had given him money for the cover charge and a few drinks. “Kamikaze and a coke.” He soon handed Abigail her cup and took a gulp of his. “You know the band?”
As she sipped her drink, she shook her head. “No. Sam knows the openers. I wanna see Drastic Solution.”
Zack remembered they were the headliner. “They metal or alternative?”
“Somewhere in between,” she explained. “A little more punk than alternative, though.”
Interested, Zack nodded. “Cool, I like punk.” Although his old band didn’t play that genre, he’d played a lot at home when alone. “Wonder if Shane would let me write a punk-like song.”
“Can’t hurt to ask.” She gave him a sweet smile. “I can ask him for you.”
He sighed. “Nah, I’ll talk to him.” He drained his glass. “You want more?”
“No thanks.” Abigail stirred her drink. She watched as he ordered another for himself while keeping an eye on her. “It’s gonna start soon.”
Zack didn’t balk when she grabbed his hand. He threw back the shot and set the glass on the bar with payment. They wove through the throng of people.
When they made it to her friends, the crowd surged forward. He wrapped a protective arm around Abigail’s shoulders and looked up. The band walked onto the stage. As soon as the people behind them shifted toward them again, he maneuvered her in front of him.
Excited, Abigail pressed back against Zack. She wanted him to grind on her, but he had her in a loose embrace. His breath over her ear intoxicated her. She wasn’t sure she could resist like she had the past few days.
Teeth gritted, Zack tried to ignore when her body rubbed against his. It proved almost impossible. They were so close to the stage, the crowd surrounded them. To distract himself, he watched the performers. Not bad. The music was softer than he normally listened to. At least the beat’s good.
His eyes drifted downward. Abigail bounced repeatedly. The movement made more cleavage become exposed. She leaned back on him again, and he groaned softly. He couldn’t avert his gaze.
When she reached up and locked her fingers around his neck, he tensed. Yet, he didn’t stop her. She swayed and ground her ass on his crotch. His vision blurred as his body responded. To stay on his feet, he grabbed her waist.
She heard the soft moan and felt him get harder. Most girls from school teased boys. She wasn’t like that. If she came on to someone, she was ready to sleep with them. Suddenly, he hugged her tight.
“You gotta stop.” He closed his eyes and leaned his cheek on her head as he spoke in her ear, “Please, stop. This is so wrong. I’m too old, and you’re Shane’s kid. He would literally kill me if he saw this. You know it’s not a line. Please.”
Abigail sensed him fighting himself. She didn’t want him to regret being with her. “I’m sorry.” She watched his shaky hands while she relaxed her body and tried to step away from him.
He released her and rested his forearms on her shoulders. “If the situation was different, maybe we could go for it.” He winced. Why’d I put it that way? “I mean... if Shane wasn’t your dad... never mind.”
“I get it.” She sighed, glad he hadn’t moved far.
That band’s set ended before long. Zack wanted to say screw it and take her to a hotel. However, that would be his downfall. “I’m gonna take a piss. Don’t move.”
“I have to go, too.” She needed the closeness to continue.
He held her hand as they struggled to get through the mass of people. It took a few minutes, but they found the right hallway. Zack took Abigail by the shoulders. “Meet me here. Got it?”
“Yep.” She grinned and hurried to the ladies’ room.
Zack groaned as he stood at the urinal. “Go down,” he whispered. His cock was stiff as a board. It made bladder relief difficult. After a minute, the urge grew, which eased the swelling. “Thank God.” She’s gonna be the death of me.
By the time Zack walked into the hallway, he worried Abigail thought he’d left her. Instead, he found her with a young man close to her age. Jealousy flared. He seethed as he watched the guy touch her arm. It was difficult to control the rage. He had to, or they might throw him out.
Abigail fought the eye roll at the cheesy lines. “That’s nice.” She looked up and caught Zack rushing her way.
“Missed you, honey.”
Zack grabbed her by the back of the head, and their lips met. Eyes closed, he couldn’t resist deepening the kiss. For a few seconds, a relationship between them was possible. His tongue glided over hers as he pulled her closer. Her hands slid down his sides.
Lost in it, he pressed her body against the nearby wall. A hand traveled down her back, and he squeezed her ass. She did the same, and reality crashed down on them.
Ashamed, Zack jumped backward. “I’m so sorry.”
“I’m not.” Abigail gave him a sly smile. “You’re a good kisser.”
He shook his head and wondered what had driven him to do that. It was beyond inappropriate. “Let’s just go.”
Flustered, he snagged her hand and hurried to their spot with her friends. He kept his word and used his body as a barrier to protect her. However, remorse made him keep a few inches between them.
Drastic Solution started their set with a song he’d heard before. The music distracted him from the hole he had dug for himself.
Abigail jumped and cheered without one ounce of guilt. Alcohol and no dad had done the trick. He was most definitely into her. She hoped to convince him they would make a good couple. Maybe tonight he’ll let me stay in his room again.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the end of the night, Zack was glad he’d come. Drastic Solution impressed him. He made a mental note to get some of their music when he could afford it. As the audience dispersed, he noticed the band had a merch table where many had gravitated.
“Hang back for a bit.” Zack remembered that sometimes bands appeared at their merch tables. “Maybe you can meet these guys.”
Abigail’s eyes opened wide. “Really?”
“We’ll see.” Zack walked to the bar which hadn’t closed. “Two more kamikazes.” He turned to Abigail nearby. “Want a soda?”
She shook her head. “I’ll take a water, though.”
“You got it.”
He added that to his order and paid. His eyes stayed on the backstage door as he gulped the alcohol. He needed it to forget how it felt when they kissed. Never again. When he set the second empty glass down, the door opened.
“Bingo.” He tugged Abigail back toward the merch table. Before she said a word, he offered a hand to the lead singer, Max. “Hey, Zack from Silverblade. You guys kicked major ass tonight.”
Max, shook Zack’s hand and recognized him from several articles he’d read online. “Hi. Nice to meet you, and thanks.”
“It’s well deserved.” Zack grinned. “This is my good friend, Abigail. She’s a big fan.”
Abigail stared at Max with her mouth open. Is this really happening?
“What’s up, Abigail?” Max held out a hand, but then she hugged him. “Wow!” He ran his fingers down to her butt. He expected she would be up for anything.
Zack glared. “Hand off her ass!”
“Shit!” Max feared the tough looking bassist. “Sorry, didn’t know she was that kinda friend.”
Unperturbed, Abigail looked up at Max. “Will you take a picture with me?”
“Sure.” Max sighed with relief that Zack relaxed. “Got your phone?”
Abigail handed her phone to Zack. “Take a few please.”
Zack took two pictures before the rest of the band jumped into the frame. He laughed and snapped a few more. Most were silly, but Abigail would treasure them. Her smile told him how happy she was. If he could do that all the time, resisting her would be worth it.
Minutes later, they walked outside. Her friends trailed them. The alcohol began to take effect. Zack stumbled a few times and regretted the last drink. When Sam, Gigi and Jenny settled in the backseat, he fell into the front and everything spun.
“You OK?” Abigail thought he looked disoriented. “Zack? Do you need help?”
Zack found it difficult to get his seatbelt on. “I dunno.”
“Sit back.” She climbed over him, closed the door and buckled his seatbelt. “Are you drunk?”
With a groan, he nodded. “Sorry. Guess… Sorry.” His eyes shut tight. Shane’s gonna be pissed.
Abigail drove her friends home while Zack slept next to her. He’d only taken those extra drinks because they’d kissed. When at a red light, she rubbed his thigh. “I’ll make Daddy understand.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Zack woke up when a cold breeze whipped through the car. “Damn!” He put his hands up.
“Stay still.” Abigail bent over him from outside and released his seatbelt. She glanced at the stairs. “Hope you can walk or it’s gonna be a long night.”
It took effort, but with her help, he rolled out. “I didn’t mean to get drunk.”
“I know.” She slid an arm around his waist as he leaned on her. “Let’s get you in bed.”
They struggled up to the front door. The house was dark, except the foyer light. Abigail clung to Zack as they climbed to the third floor. He gripped the handrail, so he wouldn’t trip over his own feet.
When they walked into Zack’s room, it shocked Abigail that her father hadn’t waited up. After she closed the door, she set Zack on the bed. “There you go.”
“You too,” Zack mumbled, disoriented. He pulled her down, then rolled on top of her. “Been a while, baby.” He settled his hips between her legs and ground into her core as he kissed her lips over and over. “Want it, baby? Say yes.” He groaned as his cock swelled.
Abigail sighed into his mouth. His kisses were aggressive. Her hands went to his waist. He rubbed his growing shaft against the crotch of her leggings. Every few seconds, she felt his piercing against her clit. She wanted to rip their clothes off. He moaned and brushed his lips over her neck, then her ear.
“Say yes, Rose.”
“I’m Abigail.”
“What?” Zack lifted his head and squinted in the dim room. “Rose?”
She scowled and shoved him off. “Who the fuck is Rose?”
“My girlfriend.” He groaned into his pillow when he realized his blunder. “My ex-girlfriend. Sorry. I thought you were her.”
Annoyed, she stared at him. He seemed confused, and he was drunk. “Yeah, fine.” She yanked his shirt out of his pants and unbuttoned it.
“What’re you doin’?” Zack struggled and turned over in the process. “Leave my clothes on.”
She giggled. “You don’t normally sleep dressed.” She tugged his shirt off, then unfastened his pants. “Stay still.” She rolled her eyes and moved to the edge of the bed. With a good grip on the bottom of his pants, she pulled hard.
“No, you can’t!”
“I’ve already seen you naked.” She smirked. “Beautiful sight.” She gave his slacks another yank and threw them on the floor. “Now…” She crawled onto the bed and grabbed the waistband of his underwear.
Finally alert, Zack stopped her. He gripped her hand. “We can’t. Please don’t put me in this position, Abby.”
She smiled at how that sounded coming from him. It was unusual for her to allow that nickname. She scanned his chest before settling on his lips. The smile was automatic. Suddenly, her face fell with regret. His eyes pled with her.
I can’t do this to him. She wanted more than sex from him. Maybe he’s not like the men Mom dates. Maybe he’s the kind of guy who doesn’t jump into bed first. She’d read enough romance novels to dream of a man like that.
“OK.” She reached up and brushed her lips over his. “I still want you.” She wasn’t sure how to explain her feelings for him. They were a twisted pile of lust, adoration and possibly even love. “You sleep well. Night.” She kissed him one last time, then climbed down and covered him up.
After she used the bathroom, she closed herself in her room. Confused would be an understatement. She changed into pajamas as the night flashed by.
Zack seemed just as torn. How do I take Daddy’s wrath out of the picture? Zack was worth the risk, though. No man had kept her attention without effort. In her heart, she knew he was the one. He has to be.


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

“You sure they want me here?” Zack asked as Shane put the Lexus SUV into park the next evening. He looked up at the funeral parlor’s sign. “I’ve never met him.”
Shane sighed. “I need you here.” He hadn’t planned to admit it. “Last funeral I went to was Troy’s.”
“Sorry.” Zack leaned back and turned his head. “I didn’t think of that.”
From behind Shane, Brandon laid a hand on Shane’s shoulder. “You’re not alone.”
“Thanks.” Shane was glad they’d all spent the past few days together.
Mackenzie hooked her arm in Brandon’s. “I can’t imagine losing two friends like this.” She was unsure about her feelings on the whole thing. Neither she nor Brandon had planned to attend Dean’s service, but it raised questions she didn’t want to answer.
“You sure you’re all right with this?” Brandon pulled her into his arms. “We can stay in the car.”
She shook her head. “I’m fine. What he did to me is over. Please let it go.”
“I’ve been trying.” Brandon was furious with Dean. When he’d heard Dean died, his first thought was evil. Good. He deserved it. When the news about Giovanni and Crystal had been relayed, it made him angrier. Even dead, Dean still affected others. “I’ll keep my mouth shut. I swear.”
Shane saw the tense expression on the couple’s faces in the rearview mirror. Something had obviously happened, and it involved Dean. It wasn’t his place to ask. He’d had a few run-ins with Dean himself. In fact, they’d had multiple fistfights. None of that mattered anymore.
He opened his door and stretched. The ride to Southwest New Jersey had taken awhile. “Let’s get this over with.”
“Anything I can do to make it easier?” Zack asked as he came up beside Shane.
With a shake of his head, Shane started for the building before them. The designated room was just about empty. Dean had made many enemies.
Shane glanced around. Everyone was familiar, either a musician or crew member. They hadn’t announced the service location, so no fans showed up. Thankfully, the press hadn’t caught wind of it.
His eyes moved over the attendees again. Jon stood at the front of the room. Shane received a nod from Jon as he approached.
“At least it’s not just us here.” It’d been an exhausting day for Jon already.
Shane gave Jon a half-hug. “How you doin’?”
With a shrug, Jon replied, “Not really sure.”
“How’s Crystal and Chad?” Shane was concerned for Chad most.
Jon checked around him. No one was within earshot. “She’s healing, but it’s gonna be a long road. They’re worried about the head injury. Chad’s still bottling it up. We can’t get him to talk.”
“I told Hailey, try not to leave him alone.” Shane thought about visiting Crystal to see how Chad was.
“Tommy and Chris’re keeping an eye on him,” Jon explained. “Every time she worsens, he becomes even more protective. She does need him, though. I wish I could help more. She can’t do anything for herself. Today she had an episode, and he was fine until she fell asleep. I yelled at him to take care of himself.” He sighed. “Sorry. I’m rambling. This mess is unbelievable.”
Shane patted Jon’s back. “Whatever you need, just ask.”
“I’ll hold you to that.” Jon smiled. “After I tell you what we plan for the tour, you’ll understand.”
Zack watched from a few feet away. He didn’t want to overhear the conversation. His mind drifted while he waited. The night before had fucked with his head. It was difficult to fight his feelings. Moreover, he knew he’d taken it too far. Abigail looked at him differently. He had seen the longing in her eyes still but coupled with love. That scared the hell out of him. If he broke her heart, Shane would never forgive him.
“You all right?” Kyle laid a hand on Zack’s shoulder. “You look like you’re gonna puke.”
Zack groaned. “Yeah, lot on my mind.”
“Hope it’s not Abigail.” Kyle had noticed her ogling Zack several times. “She’s definitely has a thing for you.”
That meant Zack had to either do something or push her away. “Really? Didn’t know that.” He hoped he hid the truth well.
“Sure you didn’t.” Kyle saw the fear in Zack’s eyes. “If she was 18, I’d see if I could help you deal with Shane on this one.”
Zack shrugged. “Nothing to deal with.”
“Dude, you’re a bad liar.” Kyle laughed softly. “Do yourself a favor. If you just want a quick fuck, stay far away from her. She’s off limits for a reason. Shane wants her to find someone who will treat her good. He keeps babbling about her having to be 30 before she does anything, but he’s not stupid. If the right guy came along, he’d eventually cave. Unless you think that’s you, tell her to fuck off. It’s better than Shane beating the shit outta you.”
Zack could only nod. He refused to admit his true feelings for Abigail. It would only complicate his life. “Got it.” He nodded and took a seat in the middle of the rows of chairs.
Shane still stood near the front. Dean’s extensive injuries required a closed casket which made it somewhat awkward. Shane wasn’t sure what anyone expected of him. With a glance around the room, he found his bandmates scattered. Zack seemed confused.
“You OK?” Shane asked Zack as he approached. He sat next to him and playfully bumped Zack’s shoulder.
Zack turned his head. “Just feel outta place.”
“I’m kinda lost, too.” Without crying family there, it was strange. Shane had never been to a funeral where everyone hated the deceased. “It’s over in two hours.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

When Zack walked into Jon’s place after the funeral the next day, he was in awe. The place was twice the width of Shane’s home. He felt like a tourist in a museum, terrified to touch anything.
He followed Shane, who seemed comfortable there. Each wall had art and music memorabilia. The mansion was a showpiece.
Shane laughed when he glanced toward Zack. “Get used to it. Plenty in this business have a home this huge.”
“You should see Brandon’s new house,” Scott Mason of Wicked End said as he met the group in the living room. “Big-ass pool, lots of property, lake in the back. Perfect for parties.” He winked at Zack. “You need to be at the next one. The party in November was off the chain.”
Brandon rolled his eyes. “My house is not gonna be party central.” He tugged Mackenzie closer. “My girl has a business to run.”
Relief hit Zack when they walked into the large living room. There were many familiar faces.
“Hey.” Jon’s hand rose. “Thanks for coming back here tonight. I have a makeshift bar set up in the kitchen. Help yourself if you haven’t already.”
He sighed and leaned on a wall. The long day had taken its toll.
“Me and Tommy.” He held a hand out to Tommy. “We want the tour to continue, but it’ll have to be without us. The three of us, Dominic included, feel we shouldn’t be away from home right now. We have friends going through some tough shit.” His gaze drifted down. “Truthfully, we’re goin’ through it with them. Giovanni was a friend and so are the others of Triple Threat.”
Tommy closed his eyes and pulled his lips in. “We can’t leave them or even take the extra time to search for a singer.” He turned away to hide his tears.
“Anyway.” Jon looked up again. “I have a band that can open, Metal Fuckers in Hell. Dave is working with a few guys.” He searched the room until he found Dave. “You got a name for the band?”
Dave shrugged. “Nope.”
“OK.” Jon tapped his chin. “We need to announce the new lineup and inform all the venues it changed. How about Dave and Company, ’til you come up with something?”
With a nod, Dave replied, “Fine with me.”
“Cool.” Jon worried for nothing. He glanced around. “Sit guys. You’re making me nervous.” He laughed, and the room followed suit. When everyone settled, he sighed. “Jake, Shane… Either one of you have a set you can use to close the show?”
Shane and Brandon turned to each other, then Shane said, “We have the one from two years ago, but not sure if it’s usable. I was a mess when we put it into storage.”
“Ours is in Cali,” Jake added. “We can have it packed up, but it’s pretty simple.”
Jon racked his brain. “Um… so…”
“How about we merge the sets or something?” Trip stood. He was one of Gasoline’s set designers. “Jon, don’t worry about it. Me and Luis can go with them.” They had already discussed it, sure it would come up.
“Thanks.” It was a relief to Jon that everyone was so easy going about the changes. “OK, so then Wicked End will be headlining.” He took a deep breath. Exhaustion had crept up on him. “Vince volunteered to oversee the tour in me and Tom’s place. Shane, can I count on you to give him a hand if he needs it?” He trusted Shane after years of friendship.
Shane nodded. “Yeah, Jon. Don’t worry.” He’d wondered what Jon would ask of him. It was much simpler than he expected.
Zack sat close to the kitchen. His input wasn’t needed. Quietly, he stood and walked over to the counter covered in bottles. The options were vast. He opened a cooler on the floor and chose a domestic beer.
The conversation turned to set lists, and his attention shifted. He forgot with one less band, the bands had longer time slots. He didn’t expect anyone to consult him on song choices. It wouldn’t matter anyway. As long as he could listen to it, he’d learn it.
Since no one addressed him, Zack found himself lost in his head again. The night before flashed by. He had been with many women. No one had made him feel the way Abigail did when they kissed. It wasn’t easy to let her go. He hoped the tour started fast. He had to forget.
Mackenzie noticed Zack in a daydream. She stood and strode right to him. “Hey.” They’d spent time together, so she recognized his expressions. “Thinking of her?”
“Huh?” Zack’s head spun. Mackenzie surprised him. “Uh, who?” His eyes darted around. He illogically worried she read his thoughts.
She laughed softly. “You are so easy to read. I’ve seen you two.”
“Us two?” His heart sped up as anxiety gripped him. “Who’re you talkin’ about?”
Mackenzie leaned over and whispered in his ear, “You and Abigail. She’ll do anything to be near you, and you are terrified of Shane seeing how you feel.”
Zack’s mouth dropped. How’d she figure it out? He quickly recalled all their interactions. No way had he made it obvious. His hands clenched and unclenched. Panic set in.
“I won’t tell.” She laid a hand on his arm. “Need to talk?”
He sensed she wanted to help. With a shrug, he looked away. “What’s to tell?” He hesitated, then glanced up. Her eyes showed concern. “I’m in love with her,” he whispered. Nervous again, he took a deep breath. “We kissed a few times, but I told her we can’t take it anywhere.”
“You’re playing a dangerous game.”
Zack sighed. “Yeah.”
“I wish I had advice for you, but this is a touchy situation. Shane would go ballistic. He’s not ready for her to grow up.”
He groaned. “I know that,” He paused to relax. “I tried so hard not to like her. She was annoying... Then she wasn’t...” His voice trailed off as he imagined her the night before. “How do I stop loving her?”
Mackenzie felt bad. His expression revealed his frustration yet also the yearning. “You don’t.” She wanted to lie and tell him he could. “Maybe wait until she’s older and see if Shane chilled out.”
“That’ll take forever,” he mumbled. “At least she hasn’t stolen my phone number. That’d be complicated.”
“Take it one day at a time.” Mackenzie gave him a half-hug. “I’ll give you my number when we get back to the house, in case you need to talk.”
Shane glanced up and saw the serious looks on Zack and Mackenzie’s faces. Those around him had changed the subject. He stood and made his way to the kitchen. “You OK?” He gripped Zack’s shoulder.
“It’s nothing.” Zack shook his head. “You ready to go?”
“We’re all set.” Shane smiled. “I’d like to take Abigail out tonight.” He was ecstatic she wanted to stay with him until they left for the tour.
After they said their farewells, Shane and Zack headed for the Lexus with Brandon and Mackenzie not far behind. The entire trip home, Zack racked his brain for a way to let Abigail down easy. Everything he’d already tried had failed. Nothing seemed like it would work.
She was somewhat obsessed with him. Maybe start ignoring her? Then leave without saying goodbye? Do I have a choice?


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

The morning they were to leave for Las Vegas, Zack stood in his room and stared at his bags. Since he had money from the record contract, he’d bought himself clothes for the first time in two years. It meant they would have to record a new album as soon as possible, but his broke days were over.
The downtime for the past few weeks allowed them to write several songs together. Most of the lyrics Shane had written during his recovery, but Zack contributed on a few. Kyle and Carter didn’t have the gift of words. They only needed two more to have a full album.
A knock pulled him out of the trance. “I’m ready.” He double checked that he’d left nothing behind and grabbed both bags. Kyle stood in the hallway. “Thought you were meeting us in Queens.”
“Change of plans.” Kyle sighed. “Abigail’s upset, so Shane asked if we could delay leaving for an hour.”
Zack’s head snapped up. “Why?” She’d seemed fine at dinner the night before.
“We talked about this.” Kyle glared at him. “I told you to blow her off.”
With a sigh, Zack replied, “I tried. I told her to fuck off. I ignored her. Nothing works.”
He’d woken up with her in his bed twice in the past few weeks. Both times, he had to forcibly remove her from his bedroom. That morning, she’d left a perfect red rose on his pillow. It had made him smile because Valentine’s Day was the next day. The joy dissipated fast.
“Try harder,” Kyle growled. He could tell Zack really cared about Abigail, but the last thing they needed was a rift in the band.
Zack sighed. His eyes drifted down. “Why’s she upset?”
“Scared about her dad getting killed in an accident.” Kyle grabbed one of Zack’s bags. “Let’s go. Shane’s making breakfast after all.” They’d decided against the tradition because of what happened on the first tour start date. “Hurry up before Carter eats all the bacon.” He led the way downstairs as he laughed.
Abigail had already helped her father by toasting bagels and setting the table. Her tears dried up, but her mood lingered. She hadn’t let on that she didn’t want Zack to leave either. Even though Zack mostly ignored her, she saw it as an act.
His eyes told a story when they met hers. She wanted to kiss him and tell him they could make it work. Then again, she understood his fear.
“Better?” Shane kissed the top of Abigail’s head while she filled a plate with breakfast sausages.
She nodded. “Some.” She hoped Zack would at least say goodbye.
Shane watched her mope to the dining room. Questions had gotten him nowhere. She’d been gloomy for about two weeks. He hated to leave her, but more so because she needed him. If it weren’t for school and the insanity, he would bring her with him.
“Need help?” Zack asked as he entered the kitchen.
Shane smiled and handed Zack a huge bowl of scrambled eggs. “Can you put this in the dining room?”
“Sure.”
Zack needed the distraction. When he stepped into the dining room, his mouth dropped. Oh shit! Abigail was slightly bent over the large table, adjusting things. He stared at her ass and wished he didn’t know how it felt against him. His cock immediately reacted. When she turned around, the bowl almost slipped from his hand.
“Sorry.” She avoided his eyes, so she wouldn’t cry again. “Excuse me.” She hurried out of the room, tears already on her cheeks.
The pain in her expression made guilt wash over Zack. His chest constricted. He didn’t mean to break her heart. It was just as painful for him. He took a deep breath and buried the emotions that tried to surface as he’d done for weeks. His heart told him to follow her, but his head refused.
He set the platter on the table and leaned on a chair. Things had become complicated. He detested pushing her away. It ate at him. Every time they were in close proximity, he pretended she wasn’t there.
It seemed like she’d forced him to choose. However, in reality, he did it to protect them both. She deserved a nice guy her age who would always be there. If they could make it work, his career would get in the way. That’s not fair to her.
“I got the bacon,” Carter announced as he walked in with another platter. “Time to eat!”
Shane rolled his eyes as he entered the room. “He acts like we never feed him.”
“If he ever finds a wife, she better be ready to cook all day.” Kyle laughed as he also approached the table.
Zack took a seat. “Anyone else showing up?”
“Me!” Dave shouted as he rushed in. “Not missing Shane’s cooking.”
Shane shook his head, then called out, “Abigail, come on!” When she entered, he smiled.
With a sad nod, she sat next to Shane. Earlier, she’d gotten ready for school. When her dad had said goodbye, she lost it. He let her stay home and promised to delay their departure.
She thought she could handle them leaving again. Between the closer relationship with her father and falling for Zack, her emotions were out of control. How can they leave me behind?
The night before, Abigail had begged to tag along, but Shane refused. They still planned for her to join them for spring break and celebrate her birthday. That was more than a month away.
Zack glanced at Abigail, and his heart sank. Tears rimmed her eyes. His gut told him to hold her and tell her it would be all right. However, he couldn’t promise that, and it gave the wrong message.
Instead, he sat there and as usual ignored her. It’d become more difficult than expected. Every sound she made twisted his emotions. Without a doubt, his behavior had compounded the loss for her.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

As soon as the breakfast dishes were away, Shane hugged his daughter tight. “I’ll call you every night before we go on. OK?”
“Yeah.” Abigail nodded as tears fell again. She laid her cheek on his chest and tried to be strong. The time together had shown her how much he loved her. “I’ll miss you, Daddy.”
He cradled her head. “Only a few weeks ’til spring break. You’ll get the bedroom, and we’ll do some sightseeing.” He worried she would witness things she shouldn’t, but he planned to make strict rules for her stay. “You can watch from the side of the stage.”
“OK.” Her eyes closed. When she let him go, she searched the room. “Where’s Zack?”
Shane glanced around. “I guess outside.” He heard a door close somewhere. “Put on your coat and grab your backpack.”
In the driveway, Zack paced. It was cold and windy. He’d rushed out when Abigail turned away on purpose. How do I avoid her until she leaves? He wished he had gone to the garage instead.
Too late now. If he went back inside, it guaranteed he would run into her. The door at the top of the stairs slammed. Shit!
Abigail smiled when she spied Zack. When he jumped into Kyle’s backseat, her heart sank. He’s leaving without saying goodbye? Her bottom lip trembled as the car pulled away. She hoped the silent treatment was just a game.
As she watched the vehicle disappear, she realized she needed a new plan. He saw her as Shane’s daughter, not a woman. That has to change.
“Please don’t listen if your mother bad mouths me. Please.” Shane hadn’t noticed her distant expression. He kissed her forehead when they stood in front of her car. “If things go south with Mom, Aunt Patty said you can stay with her.”
She nodded and hugged him. “I’m gonna miss you.”
“Me too, honey.” Shane’s lips brushed the top of her head, then he urged her into the Mustang. “It’s cold, and I’m late. Sorry.”
Abigail’s eyes drifted to Carter, who walked their way with Dave and Julio. “I get it. Bye, Daddy.”
Shane stood in the driveway until the Mustang turned a corner. As soon as it disappeared, he climbed into Dave’s backseat and closed his eyes. He feared the long separation would undo the progress they’d made. The key is probably staying in touch.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

A few miles away, Zack stared blankly out the window. When Kyle had asked if he wanted to ride with him, he’d been glad. Abigail’s tears had almost forced him ask Kyle to stop. It hurt like a bitch to leave without a goodbye.
He leaned back and shut his eyes. Her look of devastation ate at him. He hadn’t expected it to affect him that much. How d’ I let that go?
Kyle pulled up next to the bus right before Dave parked beside him. The truck was ready, and the drivers waited for them. Within minutes, the band and minimal crew boarded the custom bus.
Zack walked down the aisle. He wanted to hide out, so no one knew his heart broke as well. When he stood in front of his top bunk, he glanced around. “Uh, where should I put my stuff? Closet?”
“Nah,” Shane replied from behind Zack. “Since you’re the shortest, you can have the bottom two.” He pointed to the wall of drawers with a thumb. “We normally each take two.” He watched Zack unpack methodically. “Somethin’ wrong?”
With a shake of his head, Zack continued to sort his belongings. All his clothes fit into the wide drawers. Although he just wanted to hide, he walked to the bathroom and closet to put the rest of the things away, including his jacket and boots.
By the time he finished, the hallway had cleared. He climbed into his bunk and shut the curtain. The bed was more comfortable than expected. Good thing, since he planned to stay in it until he got over Abigail.
“Zack?” Shane checked the bedroom and bathroom. “Where’d you go? Time to leave.”
“Right here,” Zack responded.
Shane tugged Zack’s curtain aside and cocked an eyebrow. “You a’right?”
“Didn’t really sleep last night.” Zack struggled to hide his emotions. “Can I take a nap?”
With a grin, Shane nodded. “Sure. It’s that or watch whatever Carter just put on. You want a DVD to play? We got a huge collection.”
“OK.” Zack hoped it would distract him. “Anything.” He forced a smile when Shane handed him three Mel Brooks movies. “Thanks.”
Shane placed a hand on Zack’s arm. “Whatever’s bothering you, let me know if you wanna talk. We can sit in the bedroom. No one’ll hear us unless they’re in the bathroom.” He lingered, but Zack did nothing but sigh. “Offer stands anytime.”
“Thanks.”
Zack waited until Shane left before he closed the curtain again. The last thing I need is Shane finding out I’m crazy about his little girl. That would spell certain disaster. Zack hoped a funny movie would break the despair that loomed over him. Minutes after the film began, he drifted off.
His lids suddenly snapped open. One look around told him it’d been a dream. Abigail wasn’t crying in his arms. It seemed so real. Guilt still consumed him. It took all his strength not to call and apologize. She’ll get over me. It’s a phase. Please be true. Maybe it’s just a crush for me, too. He rolled his eyes. Who’re you kidding?


CHAPTER THIRTY

Zack was nervous. It would be his first time playing for a crowd so large. So far, the festival at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas had been amazing. Their bus had pulled into town that day.
He’d kept to himself because he still worried about Abigail. He had slept fitfully for the ride and almost never left his bunk. When they arrived, he had hidden in a corner of Silverblade’s dressing room away from the others to sort out his feelings.
When Mark of the Devil hit the stage, he finally ventured into the hallway. The entire set, he’d stayed in the wings to watch them perform. They were one of his influences, and he had seen them before. They were nosebleed seats, though. It awed him to stand so close to them.
He was part of a more popular band, but that didn’t stop his reaction. He couldn’t imagine the feeling when Wicked End took the stage. Don’t pass out. Although he had gotten to know Brandon, he saw the guitarist as a god.
Randy Houston, vocalist for Mark of the Devil, waved a hand in the air right after he sang the final line to “Fallen.” He walked offstage as the rest of the band finished the song out. “Hey.” He spotted Zack.
Zack’s mouth dropped. Earplugs protected his hearing, but he understood anyone who was close enough. “Uh, hi.” He wasn’t sure how to get over the shock that other musicians saw him as an equal.
“You ready for your set?” Randy let out a short laugh when he realized that Zack was star struck. “Dude.” He gripped Zack’s shoulder. “Go with it. We’re all just guys who play music.”
Nervous, Zack nodded. “OK.” He swallowed and wished he could act casual around the famous musicians at the festival. “Good set.”
“Thanks.” Randy slapped Zack’s back, then headed backstage.
Zack watched as Anthony Demarco and Yuri Petrov threw picks into the audience, and Max Klein tossed drumsticks. Silverblade went on next. Dave had given Zack a handful of picks with the band’s logo to throw out at the end of their set. His eyes opened wide when Anthony and Yuri walked his way.
“’Sup?” Anthony nodded at Zack. “Ready for your debut?”
Yuri laughed when Zack couldn’t speak. “You’ll get over it.” He slapped Zack’s back. “Close your eyes and pretend you’re at home. Took me a few weeks to look at the crowd. And playing on the same stage as Gasoline? That’s awesome. We’re going to get some pussy. Join us after your set.”
After they were long gone, Zack still stood there in shock. It wasn’t like seeing them at the funeral or at Jon’s. Then, they’d been regular guys. Onstage, they became rock stars. He took a few deep breaths. I will be too soon. That thought scared the hell out of him.
He hadn’t moved minutes later. Mark of the Devil’s crew had cleared their equipment. Next, crew members uncovered Silverblade’s things and moved them into place. Zack was glad to see the process.
It didn’t compare to doing a show at a bar. There was much more to it. Crazy Mike and Mike P. from Gasoline’s crew used hand signals and headsets to communicate while they tested the mics. When he glanced down at the area near the stage, he saw others using flashlights to signal one another.
Close by, Dave stepped onto the stage and looked around. He picked up Carter’s Gibson and tossed the strap over his head. He played a few notes, and the pit reacted with cheers. It was his favorite part of any gig. His band hadn’t been on the bill for the festival, so a sound check was exactly what he needed.
As Dave strode forward, he waved at the crowd. He had a live headset on. “You ready?”
“Hell yeah!” someone shouted.
It amused him to see several pairs of tits. “The girls’re ready. Who’s first?”
“Me. Me,” a girl in a black tank screamed. She flashed him again and yelled, “Dave the Sex God, pick me.”
An eyebrow cocked, Dave replied, “You want music, little lady. Or somethin’ better?”
He winked and played the intro to “Take Back the Fear” by Hail the Villain. They hadn’t gotten the recognition he felt they deserved. He tilted his head at the girl he’d addressed. When he couldn’t hear her response, he moved toward her and went down on one knee.
“I said I want both.” She stared at him and hoped the rumors were true. “Tonight.”
Dave grinned. “Sure thing.” He put his hand out and Security helped her onto the stage. “Sit, and I’ll play you something. When I’m done up here, I’ll show you how I got my nickname.”
Shane had searched for Zack for quite a while. It surprised him to find Zack watching sound checks. “What’s up?”
“Nothing.” Zack’s mouth opened when the young woman threw her arms around Dave.
The mic picked up her voice. “I’m ready now, Dave the Sex God.” She pressed her lips to his.
“Gotta do my job first.” Dave slapped her ass, then squeezed it. “Sit like a good girl, and Daddy’ll give you what you need in a few.”
Zack was beyond confused. “Why d’ they call him Dave the Sex God?”
Shane smirked. He thought about the day that had become Dave’s nickname. “A chick posted a message to him on our MySpace page years ago. She said he was a sex god. Then other girls had similar comments. Within a week, there were like hundreds calling him Dave the Sex God. The name stuck.”
With a glance at Dave, Zack wondered what he’d done to earn the title. “Is it true or just bullshit?”
“All I can tell you, is if you walk in on him with a chick, she’s gonna be screaming her head off.” Shane had seen Dave in action countless times. “I don’t know what he does, but he needs to patent that shit and share.”
Zack chuckled. “So, groupies throw themselves at him, too?”
“Fuck yeah.” Shane laughed as well. “Every city there’s at least five chicks waiting to bang him. He’s got more fans than Kyle. Check out his Facebook page. They all friend him, and he chats with them, posts pics, gets tons of naked selfies. Sometimes makes me kinda jealous, but he puts himself out there. He’s on every social site, posting several times a day. I hate doing that. You should see what he posts up on Instagram.”
“Should I do stuff like that?” Zack didn’t use a computer or have a smart phone.
Shane shrugged. “If you want.” He paused and looked away. “Troy used to do it. Guess someone has to get on that. Those sites are part of the culture now. They expect us to keep them up to date. Kyle posted on our Twitter and Facebook after we found you, and then about the tour, but none of us really know what to say. It came easy for Troy. He ranted when he was shit-faced or high. That wasn’t great, but it’s in the past.”
Zack placed a hand on Shane’s shoulder. “He has big shoes to fill. I swear I’ll do my best.”
“Don’t fill his shoes.” Shane closed his eyes. Pain breached the surface. “Be yourself and gain us some new fans. The girls’re gonna love you. They already do.” He recalled the groupies all over Zack the day of the accident. His attention was suddenly drawn to the stage again.
“Crazy Train!”
Dave shook his head. “Too easy, but if you insist.” He played the entire intro on Carter’s second Gibson. After a few adjustments, he looked toward the soundboard in the back and received a thumbs up. “Next.”
“Unholy Confessions.”
“Avenged Sevenfold fan, huh?” Dave closed his eyes and shuffled through all the music in his repertoire. Then he grinned and played the song until the vocals began. The screams in reply were a thrill.
“Seek and Destroy.”
“Hell yes!” Dave cried out, glad they chose one of his favorite Metallica songs.
Shane huffed as Dave showed off. “He gets off on this shit.”
“Looks like it.” Zack smiled. “Sounds like he does this all the time.”
With a laugh, Shane replied, “Yeah, the fans try to stump him normally. They’re being easy on him tonight.”
Zack watched Dave. He got so into it. “He’s amazing. Don’t get why he was hesitant to play then.”
“It’s complicated,” Shane explained. “He was in a band once. He punched his lead singer out onstage. Anytime someone asks why he’s in the crew and not the band, he bitches about the egos some musicians have. He lucked out with us. Egos are squashed quick around here. Most bands have one dickhead. Used to be me. Since we all got sober, seems we’ve mellowed.”
Zack cocked an eyebrow. “Dave punched his singer? I can’t imagine him getting violent.”
“You gotta do a lot to piss him off.” Shane closed his eyes and recalled the day. “They opened for us when we played House of Blues in Orlando. Halfway through their set, Van, the singer, yelled at Dave for not playing the new solo that he’d written. Dave said it sucked. Instead of yelling back, Dave came out swinging. Van went down and stayed down. Dave didn’t leave it at that. He laughed and screamed, ‘You got knocked the fuck out!’ Venue security grabbed him. I had to beg them not to call the cops.”
“Wow.” Zack checked the stage again. “I think he’s done.”
Shane checked his pockets. “Damn, I promised Abigail I’d call her before our set.”
“You better hurry up.”
“We gotta wait for the drum checks and a few more things.” Shane knew he didn’t have a lot of time. He searched their dressing room and found nothing. “Where’d I put it?” Suddenly, he remembered closing himself in the bedroom to talk to Lacey that afternoon. He tapped Kyle on the shoulder.
Kyle turned away from the chick he’d been groping. “’Sup?”
“I’m goin’ to the bus to get my phone.” Shane frowned at the half-naked woman on Kyle’s lap. “I’ll be quick.”
Kyle shrugged. “OK.”
Shane ran through the hallway until he found the right exit. Their bus’ berth lay feet from away. Sure the bus was empty, he rushed to the bedroom. When he opened the door, he froze. Dave had the girl from the stage on her back. He knelt between her legs, fingering her roughly. Shane couldn’t look away.
Dave was oblivious to Shane’s presence. He pushed a third finger into the girl and shoved them in hard. Her cry brought a smile to his lips. “Ready to find out how I got my name?”
“Yes,” she replied as she panted.
With a wink, Dave lifted her hips and guided his cock to her entrance. “Can you squirt?”
“No.”
Dave smirked. “You will tonight.” He grabbed her waist, jerked his hips and gave her his entire shaft in one stroke. “Good girl.” He withdrew and thrust harder. “Get ready, baby.”
Shane’s eyes opened wide. He stared as Dave fucked like a madman. She thrashed all over and clawed at the bed. Dave continued to pound her relentlessly.
“Here it comes, baby.” Dave felt her body react. He moved over her and met her desperate gaze
“God, Dave. Yes!”
Shane’s mouth dropped when the girl gushed while she clung to Dave and screamed. He’d only been with one who did that. It seemed Dave could make almost any girl do it. Shane snapped out of it and snatched his phone from the dresser.
Once inside the venue again, Shane found his band waiting for him. The stage was silent. He smiled at Noelle who came his way. He waved as he trotted by. She’d asked him to fill in for Chris Bradley of Triple Threat, who planned to do two duets with her nightly on the tour. The accident had changed that plan.
Although Chris would be there that night, he’d missed Winter Winds’ set. Since the venue had left Gasoline on the bill, Chris would sing for them. Shane hoped that went well.
Zack sighed with relief when Shane jogged up to him and Kyle. His bass over his shoulder, Zack closed his eyes. He was more nervous than he’d been the first time he should have played with Silverblade. The lights dimmed further, and he shivered. Don’t fuck up.
When Shane nodded, Kyle carefully made his way to his drum kit. He settled onto his stool and picked up a set of sticks. One look up and he smiled. That night had sold-out. The crowd screamed.
Carter was antsy as well. While still bathed in darkness, he started the intro to “Fast Lane” and grinned when the entire room roared. Slowly, he walked to his place on Kyle’s right. He glanced back when Kyle began to play.
Meanwhile, Zack trailed Shane onto the stage. He knew where to stand but feared he would do something wrong. When he reached his spot, he stared at the floor.
A spot light came on, and it startled him. He didn’t miss a note, but he couldn’t see anything except spots. Shane told him he would get used to the shock. He hoped so.
As soon as the first verse ended, he lifted his head and closed his eyes. To his own surprise, the words flowed from him automatically. The further the song progressed, the more he forgot their location. When the music faded, he swallowed hard. His gaze moved over the huge crowd. Screams came from all over.
“How ya doin’ Las Vegas?” Shane shouted into his mic. He grinned at the return cries of his name. “It’s good to be back here. It was a long road after losing Troy.” The room quieted down some. “We’ve grown, and one day… our music may show it.” He gestured for Zack to come closer. “This is Zack.” He threw an arm over his shoulders. “Tell him how awesome he is.”
Zack blushed as a few females near the stage flashed him and many screamed. “Hi.” He thought of nothing else.
“He’s shy,” Shane explained. “You’ll break him of that I’m sure. As you already heard, he’s got a great voice and kicks some major ass on the bass. We’re lucky to have found him. Let’s get on with the show. Some new music for you.” He smiled, then looked up. “Troy, this one’s for you.”
Kyle played the slow beat to “Torn in Two.” Shane had penned it while in rehab, and the band had finished it with Zack. It wasn’t quite a ballad although softer than most of their songs. The song told the story of Shane’s guilt over Troy’s death.
It excited Zack to play something he’d written. The emotion behind the words reached everyone. Shane put it all on the table. Zack was unsure if he could do that. At least not in public.
He’d written several songs about Abigail. No one had ever seen them, though. He would keep it that way, especially because he planned to force himself to move on and stop loving her. It was the only option that kept his life out of jeopardy.
After their fifth song ended, Zack downed an entire bottle of water. He had relaxed even further, which allowed him to get into the music.
He grinned at Shane and stepped up to his mic as he handed his bass off. “Thanks for breaking me in, Las Vegas!” The screams he received in return boosted his ego. “Glad these guys took a chance on me. Back home, the ladies go nuts when I do this.”
Zack winked at Carter and yanked his shirt off. The reaction was enormous. He turned to allow the girls to admire his body art.
“Well, damn!” Shane cocked at eyebrow. “You created a monster.”
Carter laughed and pulled his shirt off. With a smirk, he moved toward Zack and showed off his much larger biceps. He leaned toward the mic. “Brawn over scrawn.” He flexed his arms.
“Show off,” Zack said to the crowd. “He’s jealous ’cause he’s old.” He cried out when Carter lifted him.
Shane rolled his eyes. “OK, boys. They came here for music, not a pissing contest.”
Zack and Carter laughed as they got ready to start again.
“Time to go back a few years… to the beginning.” Shane nodded at Kyle. The intro to “Speed Demon” was deceptive. It started out slow but suddenly turned loud and brash. He loved to play that song.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Zack leaned against a railing as Wicked End played “Lost Control.” The new song had become his favorite from that band. Across the stage, Mackenzie watched her man play the guitar solo. It was nice to see a relationship like that working.
Many musicians had complained about their wives or girlfriends not being able to deal with separation and the constant groupies. He understood but also hoped there would be a way. She and Brandon found it somehow.
A burst of flame startled him. The last time he’d seen Wicked End, their set was simple. That year, they’d gone all out. He loved when the fireballs matched the song’s beat. I wonder if we’ll ever do something like that.
During “Thoughts of You,” Mackenzie walked onto the stage and stood behind Brandon with her arms around him. That made him miss Abigail. No matter what he did, she rarely left his mind.
Wicked End performed their usual antics onstage. Zack laughed several times. The live band conversations about sex were public knowledge, but he’d never witnessed it. At one point, it seemed Jake was hitting on Brandon. I guess they’re really close.
Zack wondered if the Wicked End boys would be even wilder at the afterparty. He stood there until the crew began to break things down. He loved being able to see it in progress.
Brass Monkey’s crew uncovered their equipment and moved it into place. When their banner came into view, he became nervous. He hadn’t met the members yet. To his dismay, they walked onstage from the other side.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Right before the last song ended, Chris Bradley appeared next to Zack. “Hey!”
“Oh, hey.” Zack smiled.
He’d wondered when Jon, Chris and Tommy would show up. Dominic had turned up the day before. Their truck and crew arrived that morning. He didn’t understand why they’d traveled separately.
When the stage quieted, Chris nodded at Zack. “We watched you on the plane. Glad they have a live feed going. You were amazing.”
“Thanks.” Zack smiled. “How’s Crystal?”
Chris sighed. “Long story, but she’s improving.”
“OK.” Zack understood it was personal. At least Chris isn’t a wreck anymore. “How you been?”
With a shrug, Chris answered, “Better. I moved in with Chad and Crystal. You don’t wanna hear about my domestic life.” He slapped Zack’s shoulder. “You nailed every song tonight. Didn’t take you long to act like you belonged. I’m terrified.”
“Of what?” That made no sense to Zack.
As Gasoline’s crew set up, Chris responded, “Singing with Gasoline. I’m not Dean.”
“No, you’re better,” Zack gushed. “But I get it. I felt like I could never fill Troy’s shoes. Shane told me that’s not what I was doing. Neither are you. If they keep you as lead singer, then you’ll just be their new singer, not Dean’s replacement.”
The words eased Chris’ mind. “Didn’t think of it that way. Thanks.” He paced as he waited for his cue. “I’m still nervous as hell.”
“Know what you mean.” Zack turned to the stage. “I thought I was gonna hurl. Forget about the audience and sing.”
With a nod, Chris took a deep breath. “Tommy told me to imagine everybody naked. Last thing I need is a hard-on.” He chuckled. “I’ll keep my eyes closed until I can handle it.”
“You’ll be fine,” Zack assured him. “It’s the initial shock you gotta get over.”
The stage darkened and eerie music came from the speakers. “Time to go.”
Zack gawked as the members of Gasoline took their places in the dark. Seconds later, Dominic played the opening notes to “Reign of Fire.” Excited, Zack gripped the rail behind him. Chris’ voice filled the arena. He’s ten times better than Dean. The audience agreed.
Although Chris was nervous, the way Tommy talked to the crowd with ease awed Zack. Shane seemed comfortable with it as well. Zack only engaged them when he had the urge to. He was sure after a few shows it’d be easier. When Chris began sing again, Zack saw Chris had relaxed. That was fast.
With a smile, Shane moved next to Zack and bumped his arm. “Cool, huh?” Tommy was talking to the crowd again, so Zack should hear him.
“Yeah.” Shane surprised Zack. “Thought you were hiding on the bus?”
Shane rolled his eyes. “Dave took over the bedroom again. I think third chick tonight.” He planned to avoid groupies. The alcohol and loose women backstage left him on edge. He didn’t want to give in and regret it.
“Really?” Zack laughed. “You ever like that?”
His gaze lowered, Shane nodded. “Before… yeah. I gave it to just about any chick who wanted it. I’m back on the wagon, though.”
Zack cocked an eyebrow. “Wagon? As in no more sex?”
“Yep.”
Shane hoped it lasted until he was ready to care about someone. And hopefully she doesn’t fuck me over like Lacey and Amber. Maybe I need a woman like Patty.
His mind wandered back a few years. When high, he’d walked in on Troy and Patty in the bus’ bedroom once. His eyes had caught hers at one point, and her face flushed. Troy had turned his head and bellowed to get the fuck out. Her naked image was burned into his brain.
As soon as Gasoline’s set ended, Shane grinned. The afterparty would be at a club rented for the night. With all the bands from the festival there, it would be interesting. He only planned to watch, not take part, though.
Winter Winds had two married members who were most definitely faithful. He hoped it was safe to hang out with them to ward off the groupies out for a piece of him.
“Shane!” Tommy shouted and grinned as he approached. Since he’d arrived late with Chris, he hadn’t gotten to socialize at all. “Thanks for making sure things went smoothly tonight.”
With a shrug, Shane replied, “Vince did it all. I just made a few calls for him.”
Jon walked up to the group and slapped Shane on the back. “Thanks anyway. I feel better with him having backup.”
“Ready to head to the club?” Zack asked. “Or you getting changed first?”
Chris joined them and sighed. “Didn’t realize headlining was exhausting.” His throat hurt, too.
“The lights make it hot,” Shane explained. “You’ll get used to it.”
Tommy nodded. “You will. I need the bathroom.” He disappeared fast.
Shane threw an arm over Chris’ shoulders. “The party’s gonna be awesome.”
“Not really in a celebrating mood,” Jon admitted. Chris had reminded him they needed to decide to replace Dean or quit. “Chris has to go back anyway. Chad and Crystal need us.”
Shane nodded. “How’s he doing? Has he finally talked about it?”
“Yeah,” Chris sighed. “I dragged some outta him. Then he fell apart at Giovanni’s wake. After that, I pushed him to talk when Crystal was sleeping. You were right. He feels so guilty. I didn’t know how to help him. Not sure how, but he seems to be letting it go.”
Jon gripped Chris’ shoulder. “Because he has you. When you said you’d move in, he looked relieved. You take some of the pressure off.”
“I guess.” Chris shrugged.
Shane pursed his lips for a few seconds. “Support and an invitation to vent can be freeing. Hope Chad can handle her emotions, too. I bet she’s got a bad case of survivor’s guilt. Let me know if I can do anything.”
Noelle wandered over to them. “You’re staying though, Dom. Right?”
“Yeah.” Dominic pulled her into an embrace. “They don’t need me until tomorrow. I’ll go home then.” He took a deep breath and wished they didn’t have to be separated at all.
Shane watched the couple. He saw the sadness in Dominic’s eyes. The accident had ruined their plan of touring together. He hoped Gasoline found a singer and re-joined the tour, so they would have more time with one another.
He knew far too well that separation destroyed relationships. That was another reason getting involved with anyone again terrified him.
“Have a safe trip,” Shane said as they walked the hallway backstage. “Let me know if you need me to do anything.”


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Minutes later, Zack followed Shane out a rear door. He planned to stick as close to Shane as possible because he was nervous. Once outside, Zack shivered. He zipped up his well-worn leather jacket and stuffed his hands in the pockets.
He hadn’t expected it to be 30 degrees in the desert, but it was winter. Since he’d never traveled beyond the tri-state area before he had joined Silverblade, he didn’t know what to expect.
“You cold?” Shane asked as he walked toward Velocity’s bus. “I have a heavier jacket if you need one.”
Zack shook his head. “I’m fine. I got a hoodie if we go somewhere colder.” He’d been poor his whole life, so splurging on a new coat would be difficult. Carter, Kyle, Julio, and Dave came into view just outside their tour bus. “Where is this place?”
“Off the strip.” Shane smiled. “You’ve never been out here before, have you?”
Carter grinned. “Then I’m taking you to a strip joint after the party. You need to get your fill of Vegas before we leave.”
“Don’t corrupt him.” Kyle glared at Carter. “I like him the way he is.”
Shane chuckled. “Ain’t nothing gonna stop that now.” Soon enough, Zack would be used to living on the road and start to blend in. “Zack, remember what we talked about.”
“I’ll keep my promise.” Zack waited until Shane acknowledged him. “I don’t go back on promises.” He swallowed, glad he hadn’t promised to keep his hands off Abigail. However, she was far away and not an issue. Out of sight, out of mind, right? “I’ll tell you if it gets to be too much.”
That made Shane smile. He trusted Zack, but not all the bands they would meet on the road were clean like them. No longer worried, Shane turned to Kyle. “Did you call a car?”
“We’re not riding?” Zack thought that was why they’d brought their bikes.
Shane shook his head. “Not tonight.”
When a black limousine entered the guarded parking lot, Zack’s stomach did a flip. He’d never ridden in a limousine before. When he climbed inside, his eyes opened wide. It was identical to what he had seen in movies and television. Lots of room, a small bar, tinted windows, and a sun roof. Impressive.
He sat in the furthest corner and waited for the others. A limo would let people realize they were important. He assumed that was the point.
“You look like a kid in a candy store.” Carter laughed and took a seat next to Zack. “First time in a limo I assume.” He’d expected the nod. “Wait ’til you fuck in one.” He winked. “How about tonight?”
Shane rolled his eyes as he got settled. “Let him go at his own pace.” Zack’s anxiety was obvious. “It’s the first night.”
Zack didn’t think he could attract women like his bandmates anyway. He’d never seen himself as handsome. Although many women had told him he was hot as hell, he didn’t believe it. The girls’ screams of his name while onstage helped. He resolved to follow the others’ lead.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The club was loud and crowded. Shane walked inside first, closely trailed by his bandmates. Years ago, at functions like that, they’d stayed together for a least an hour. They had greeted the other musicians, record company bigwigs and famous people who wanted to meet them. Then Troy would leave. It’d made for less temptation to cheat.
The rest of them had partied until they couldn’t stand, then stumbled back to the bus and woke Troy up. Things would not work that way again. They all had a limit and would stick to it. Shane being the only one not to partake in even a beer.
Craig Hansen from Brass Monkey waved to them from a table near a wall. Kyle bumped Shane’s arm to get his attention. “I’m gonna say hi,” he shouted over the music playing.
“OK.” Shane found Craig with Rickie Garcia and Tyler Gunn, his bandmates. “Come on, Zack.” He tugged Zack to follow.
Carter tagged along, mostly because of the women who surrounded the even more famous rock stars. “Hey, man.” He grinned when Tyler pulled a girl onto his lap.
Everyone either shook hands or offered fist bumps. Then Shane, Carter, Zack, and Kyle sat in free seats. “Where’s James and Rob?” Shane asked as he glanced around.
“No idea.” Craig shrugged. “They were backstage one minute, then they disappeared. Bet James didn’t wanna come here, so they went out somewhere. He’s been kinda weird lately.”
So as not to be nosy, Shane just nodded. At least the area was quieter. They wouldn’t have to scream to be heard. “Have you met Zack?” He pointed a thumb at Zack. “Found him up in Yonkers.”
“Yeah, cool.” Tyler grinned. “You got some killer vocals.”
Zack’s cheeks reddened. “Thanks.” He was aware Brass Monkey hailed from Brooklyn, but their accents were much stronger than he’d expected. They reminded him of videos he had seen of Anthrax from the 80s. “You guys were great tonight.” He had watched some of their set and listened to the rest from backstage.
“So were you guys.” Rickie reached out and patted Shane’s shoulder. He knew it hadn’t been easy for Shane. “I like the new music. Can’t wait to get your next album.”
Kyle leaned back in his chair. “As soon as the tour’s over, we’ll be recording at Demonfire. Did you see the new building they bought? They’re gonna need it at the rate they’re acquiring bands.”
“I heard about it.” Craig lifted his drink. “Haven’t had a chance yet, but I’ll head over there some day.”
Zack wished he could think of something cool to say. Instead, he sat there and listened to them reminisce and brag. It was interesting. The girls seemed captivated by anything they said.
When several more attractive women approached the table, Carter and Kyle encouraged them to sit on their laps. Zack wanted confidence like that. He hoped it came with time.
“Looking for a good time tonight, sweet thing?”
Nervous, Zack turned. A tall blonde stood next to him with her hands draped over his shoulder. She had to be at least 10 years older than him. “Uh…” Vegas was famous for prostitutes, but he didn’t plan to pay for sex. He scanned the others. No one paid him any mind. “Uh, not sure.”
She giggled and sat on his lap. “Honey, I like my men young and talented.” She whispered in his ear, “Heard you singing tonight. Maybe you saw my tits.” She lifted her top and pressed her bare breasts to his face. “I want to see what you’re like in private.”
Carter glanced over and smirked. Zack’s getting broken in. Nice. He turned to the chick on his lap. “How about we go find a more secluded corner?” Her nod was all he needed. He grabbed Zack’s arm. “Come on. Let’s get this party started.”
Zack didn’t understand until Carter stood. “Where we going?”
“There’s a room in the back with couches and less noise,” Carter explained. “This way Shane isn’t annoyed when this one opens my pants.” He winked.
“Oh.”
Zack’s heart pounded. Suddenly, the blonde yanked him up. She held his hand as she followed Carter. He felt like a teenager, nervous and unsure.
They ended up in a dimly lit room with couches lining every wall. Empty space filled the middle, similar to a dance floor. A VIP room? He didn’t want to ask, though.
Several other people engaged in some sort of sexual activity. Is a sex club like this? He’d never been to one of those either.
“Right here’s good.” Carter led them to the far corner where they would be alone. “This way Zack can get used to the idea.” He had sensed Zack’s anxiety.
After he sat down, Zack scanned the room again. Soft moans came from every direction. He had a perfect view of the action. Am I supposed to watch?
Carter sat next to him. “Chill and let her do her thing.”
“Her thing?” Zack felt stupid for saying it. Then his jeans opened. “Wait!”
The blonde looked up as she knelt between his legs. “Why?”
“I dunno.” Zack wanted to relax, but it was a weird situation for him. He stared as the woman pulled his dick out. Her gasp made him smile.
Carter’s eyes landed on Zack’s dick. “Yours is pierced, too?” He opened his own pants and showed off multiple piercings. “Shane thought I was crazy.”
Zack couldn’t help but gape at Carter’s cock. It was tatted and had three bars in it. He shook his head when he tried to figure out the design. “You’re even braver.” He took the condom Carter offered and donned it. He remembered that Dave told him to be careful.
“Chicks like it.” Carter winked as he rolled a condom on. Then he grabbed the brunette’s hair. “Start sucking, baby.”
When lips surrounded the head of his cock, Zack sucked a breath in through his teeth. The last woman to touch him had been Abigail. He’d woken up one night to her jerking his dick.
Somehow, Abigail replaced the blonde. Hands around her head, he moaned as she tugged on the ring. His entire body shivered. She took him deep as he grew harder. His eyes closed when she gripped his balls. He fisted her hair and gasped loudly.
“That’s it.” Zack moaned again. “Take it, baby.”
Unconsciously, he pushed her head down until it was in her throat. When she didn’t gag, he lifted his hips to get in deeper. The slight tightening made him groan. He held her still and thrust into her mouth. It’d always been a fantasy to fuck a girl’s face.
His gaze shifted down. The image of her being Abigail faded. You’re hopeless. He’d never treat Abigail like that anyway. As he pulled the older woman’s hair slightly, he pumped up harder. It had been a few days since he had masturbated. He needed to cum. Her hands squeezed his sac and his ass. His eyes drifted closed again as it began.
Abigail again came to mind. He imagined he was buried deep inside her without a condom. Seconds later, he exploded as he held the blonde’s face to his crotch.
“Fuck!” Pleasure blinded Zack. It overwhelmed his senses. When he glanced down, the image of Abigail disappeared again. The high faded. I need to get the fuck over her already!

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The hairs on the back of Shane’s neck rose when someone’s hand slid over his rear pocket. His flight instinct kicked in. She smiled at him, but she was only interested in Shane Martin. Am I being ridiculous here? It’s just sex, right?
He thought back to how he had been at parties before they’d lost Troy. Women, alcohol and drugs all around. One more glance at her and he shook his head. Her eyes were glassy. Deal breaker!
Shane stood and walked away from Kyle and the boys of Brass Monkey. He waved at those he recognized but didn’t hang out with. A few times, he stopped to talk to others.
He cringed when old suppliers approached him. After several tried to share pills or coke, he thought about leaving. His hands shook with urges he hadn’t had in months. He fought them and ordered a bottle of water from the bar.
After a few sips, his phone vibrated. He pulled it out and smiled. Earlier that night, he’d called Abigail and Patty to check in. Neither had picked up. It had been late in New York, so it wasn’t a surprise. Abigail had texted him to say she’d been sleeping.
His eyes caught a missed text from Patty:
I’m glad the show went well. I watched you guys on my tablet. It’s like you never took a break. Zack is amazing. Don’t forget about me, hotshot. Your biggest fan.
The last line made him smile. He missed her as much as his daughter. Maybe she’d like to join us for a few days. His mood lifted instantly. Can’t hurt to ask her.
Relaxed, he searched the room for a sober, friendly face. When Shane found Brandon and Mackenzie, relief came over him. They had glasses of wine in front of them, but he could handle that.
“Hey.” He grinned and sat to Brandon’s left. “Hope I’m not intruding.”
“Nope.” Brandon lifted his glass. “Should I get rid of these?” He’d found out Shane didn’t drink from their stay with him.
Shane shook his head. “Nah, it’s OK.” He set his water down and turned to the voices close by. Scott and Austin walked their way, hand in hand. When they sat, he smiled. “Hey! Nice to see you two happy.” He’d figured they were into each other when they’d met on the last tour.
“Thanks.” Austin threw an arm over Scott’s shoulders, glad they could be themselves. “Been hard the last few months, but it’s getting easier.” He pressed his lips to Scott’s temple. “Don’t care who knows I love you.”
Scott blushed. Then he leaned over and whispered to his lover.
It wasn’t easy, but Shane ignored the intimate conversation between the two men. Usually, the boys of Wicked End were off the wall insane. He’d noticed they mellowed. That seemed an impossible feat, but somehow, they’d tamed.
Austin pressed his cheek to Scott’s. “Do you wanna head to that back room? It’s dark.” He winked and wiggled his tongue.
Scott’s eyes opened wide. “Uh…”
“He’s fuckin’ with you.” Brandon laughed. “Austin stop torturing him.”
Austin chuckled. “But it’s fun.”
“You guys are weird.” Shane shook his head when Scott slugged Austin in the ribs. OK, they didn’t lose their insanity. “Love hanging out with you.” He enjoyed how they joked around when things became too serious. It was something he wished he could also do. “So… ready to headline tomorrow night?”
Brandon grinned. “We got it all planned. The set truck met us here this morning. Between our guys and Gasoline’s, I think they came up with something awesome.”
“Great.” Shane sat back and relaxed.
So far, things had gone well. Even though it’d been only one night, Shane had an inkling that would continue. Zack blended with the band, and he was quite sure Zack wouldn’t slide down the slippery slope some of them had in the past.
When Shane spotted Zack again, he smiled. Zack shook his head and a hand at one of Shane’s old suppliers. That gave Shane even more relief. The talk of a new album seemed like a certainty. Now I just need to stop seeing Zack as a kid.


EPLILOGUE

Patty sat in a recliner as the Las Vegas concert from the day before played. Although she’d seen it already, she wanted to watch the video again. Lucky for her, it was still available online.
When Silverblade hit the stage, her gaze stayed on Shane. She couldn’t help but smile. He was obviously in his element. The four of them performed as if they’d never taken a break and Zack was with them forever. It didn’t hurt like she had expected. Troy not being there was odd for her, but Zack fit in.
With tear-filled eyes, she leaned back. She hadn’t told Shane, but that week she’d had a dream of Troy asking her to move on. When she had woken up, she asked Troy aloud if she should move on with Shane.
It had freaked her out at first when a picture of Shane appeared on her tablet as soon as she powered it on minutes later. Then she searched through her pictures and flipped through the ones from when they were teenagers. In some of them, Shane gazed at her with admiration. How did I not see that?
The day the band had left, she’d meant to stop by Shane’s. However, he had come to her the evening before that. They’d both acted a bit awkward. That was likely her fault. She had given him space because she wanted him to forget his sorrow and find a bassist. Once he had, she’d tried to let them bond.
She regretted letting their closeness lapse some. They spoke on the phone sometimes, but not as often as they used to. From what she saw of Shane and Zack’s interaction, they had a father/son like relationship. That might cause an issue.
Her eyes drifted back to the stage on her tablet, and she smiled. My distance helped this happen. She realized she couldn’t regret that. I just need to make sure we stay in touch.
She hoped she didn’t fall apart when they played her song at Jones Beach. Even if she did, Shane would help her through it. He knew how to comfort her. She prayed he still wanted more from their relationship. It wouldn’t be easy if she never got the chance to explore her feelings.
She debated if she should meet him on the road. That way they could sort things out before Silverblade came back East. It took seconds to decide that she needed to give Zack enough time to be comfortable in his role before she entered the mix.
Her presence would remind the band of what they’d lost. If she waited until they had bonded beyond breaking, Shane might be more open to the idea.
The doorbell startled her, and she laughed at herself. When she opened the door, it surprised her to find Abigail. “Hey, sweetie.” The tears in the young girl’s eyes were telling. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s a long story.” Abigail walked into the house as she tried to hold it together.
Patty closed the door and led Abigail to the living room. “Are you still scared about another accident happening?”
“Sorta.” Abigail sat on the couch and leaned her face on her fists. “Daddy called me this morning, so I know he’s OK.”
Concerned, Patty sat next to Abigail. “OK, then what is it?” She took the teen’s hand in hers. “I won’t judge you.”
“Um…” Abigail wasn’t sure if she should admit to the whole truth. Inside, she was a mess. Her broken heart ached, and her mind was a whirlwind of uncertainty. “It’s difficult to explain.”
Patty understood immediately. “It’s a boy, right?”
“Well, a man really.” Abigail swallowed hard. A tear slipped down her cheek as she tried to hold them back. “He… he…”
Panic filled Patty. “Did he hurt you?” The lack of a response made her anxiety rise further. “If he did, we’ll go report it. I’ll stay with you. We don’t have to tell your father… unless-”
“No!” Abigail huffed and punched her thighs. “It’s not that. He did nothing wrong. It’s just… We can’t be together. At least that’s what he says. He’s a bit older and—and… Daddy knows him.”
Glad she’d misread the situation, Patty smiled. “Your dad would be happy you met a nice man.” Her face fell. “Unless it’s… It’s not one of his bandmates?”
“Well… kinda.” Abigail blushed as she recalled Zack and her kissing at the Bowery Ballroom. “Would Daddy really kill him if he touched me?”
Patty’s mind shifted into overdrive. She thought about every moment she’d seen Abigail with Shane’s bandmates. None of them seemed interested in her romantically. Wait! She didn’t say the feeling was mutual. “Does he feel the same about you?”
“I think so.” Abigail was no longer sure what Zack felt. “I hope so,” she whispered.
Nervous she wouldn’t like the answer, Patty hesitated to ask who it was, but she had to. “Which one of them?”
“Zack.”
Patty could imagine it. Zack was young. Shane had said he was 21. At their age, four years would be a big gap, but Abigail had grown up a lot in the past few months.
Patty wasn’t sure if she should advise Abigail or only allow her vent. It broke her heart to see the young girl in pain.
Unable to help it, Abigail fell apart. She shook as she buried her face in her hands. It was her first broken heart. She’d never let anyone in before Zack. Even though she knew Zack hadn’t meant to hurt her, it didn’t ease the pain any. When Patty hugged her, she threw her arms around the older woman.
“It’ll be OK.” Patty rubbed Abigail’s back slowly. “Maybe when you’re older, the situation will be different. Give him time. You’re so young.” She waited for Abigail to calm down. “How about we have a girl’s night? Call your mom and see if she’s OK with that.”
Abigail looked up. “That sounds perfect.” She forced a smile. “Can we order pizza, watch movies and make ice cream sundaes?”
“Sure.” They’d done that plenty over the past thirteen years. If he’d been home, Troy would stay with them for a while, then head out to party. “Like old times.”
“Ya know… I miss Uncle Troy, too.” Abigail met Patty’s eyes. “You should hang out with Daddy more. Maybe he can find you a nice guy to hook up with.” She winked.
Patty feigned disgust. “Has it come to this? Sex talk with my baby niece?”
“Of course.” Abigail chuckled. “You’re my closest adult friend. I trust you.”
With a huge grin, Patty replied, “I hope you always do.”


SNEAK PEEKS

WICKED END
Wicked End - Book 1

“Ugh! You dick!” Mackenzie Winters screamed as she slapped Brett across the face. She wanted to punch him, but she didn’t want him to possibly bring charges against her. “If you ever touch me again, I’ll sue your ass and tell Winston what a slime ball you really are.” She easily took on men twice her size without batting an eye.
Brett froze in the hallway of their Dallas hotel. They were about to leave for home. “How can you refuse me?” He grabbed her left wrist. “No one says no to me.” He yanked her closer.
“Fuck off, you disgusting son of a bitch!” She slugged him in the eye, and he jumped back.
He cried out and held his face in his hands. “You’re so lucky we’re not alone.” He knew there were a few witnesses and that she had only defended herself.
“And you’re lucky I didn’t punch you hard.” She seethed. “Try me, and I’ll break your pretty little nose.” She laughed when he back pedaled and tripped over his luggage. “Keep the fuck away from me.”
She stormed toward the elevator, filled with rage. They had been there to teach a cold calling class.
It was a Thursday afternoon in the middle of August, so she had been there most of the week. Her company had recruited her to be a part-time trainer because she brought in the most new investment clients per week. Glad that’s fucking over!
Her mind drifted back a few days. On the flight there, Brett had noticed her freaking out and held her hand. She had been too terrified to pull it away.
That had given him the opportunity to pull her closer and try to kiss her. The slap to the face had startled him, but he was a persistent bastard. If he weren’t the only full-time trainer in the Southeast at her company, she would ask to work with someone else.
When she found herself outside the hotel, she quickly climbed into a taxi. Her company had paid for everything on that trip. Most times she liked the fancy hotel rooms.
However, that trip had been a nightmare. Their boss, Winston, would get an earful when she arrived. Thankfully, she wasn’t headed home to Fort Lauderdale.
Once through airport security, she got a cup of coffee and relaxed in a chair. She hoped the flight was smooth. Planes made her nervous.
Technically, it was the takeoff and landing that frightened her. The shaking urged her imagination to go places it shouldn’t when thousands of feet above ground.
She sighed and pulled out her phone. There was a text from Brandon Knight, lead guitarist of Wicked End. A grin spread across her face. He could light up the darkest day. The only reason she was traveling back to Baltimore instead of Fort Lauderdale was to see him.
It had been months since their last rendezvous because they hadn’t been free at the same time. She wished they still lived in the same city. Things were simpler back then.
When Brandon was available, he gave her relief from all her needs at once. Sex with him satisfied her on a level that no one could come close to. It was as if he soothed her body, heart and soul.
It was quite amazing that 12 years later, they still had the same passion for each other. Even a quick fuck against the wall brought forth emotions in her that no one else created.
She had no idea why or how he did it, but she never wanted to let him go. She took any excuse to spend time with him, even if it was only a few hours. One day, she hoped they could have a week or so to explore what it was that he gave her.
Mackenzie wiped a tear from her eye. Even when he was miles away, Brandon affected her. A brief thought of a terrible day many years ago came to her. The day she knew her father was gone.
If not for Brandon, she had no clue how she would have gotten through that day, never mind her teenage years. She shook off the memory, not wanting to cry alone. Then she glanced down at her phone’s screen.
How was your trip?
She smiled and replied:
It would’ve been better with you instead of Brett.
They made you go with that asshole?
She frowned.
Yes, and he grabbed me again. I should’ve broken his nose.
One of these days, I’m gonna kick his ass.
She regretted the complaint immediately, so she sent back:
Then you’d be in jail on an assault charge.
True. Is your flight on time?
Brandon was supposed to pick her up in Baltimore. She was more excited than ever before. With a smirk, she replied to him, sure he would get a kick out of the response.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Brandon sat on the couch in his living room. He awaited Mackenzie’s reply to his text about her flight. There was a football game on the widescreen television mounted to the opposite wall, but he didn’t even know the score.
The large house was lonely with just him in it. He was glad Mackenzie could share it with him for a few hours.
A guitar on his lap, he played a song he had written for her on his last tour. She had never heard it, and he hoped she never found out it was about her.
He had poured his heart into it on an emotional day, but it told exactly how he felt about her. In his head, he heard Jake singing it, and his eyes closed.
His phone chirped and jolted him back to reality. He took a deep breath and read the message.
Yes. Can’t wait to rip your fucking clothes off.
He laughed. She was always super raunchy and kinky as hell. Imagine if her coworkers knew her like I do?
If she only knew that he wanted more than sex, more than friendship. He wanted her to be his. Since he knew how she felt about dating and love, he was sure it was an impossible dream.
She had gotten so deep inside him that he had trouble breathing without her. He had never expected it to happen, but somehow serious feelings had developed.
He wished he could find a way to show her that dating wasn’t so bad. She didn’t have to end up grieving like her mother did.
The past few months without her had made him see how much he truly cared for her. He looked forward to her calls and texted her about everything.
The guys in his band thought she was his girlfriend anyway, so not much would change for him. He had to ease her fear of heartbreak. If he had a way to make her feel what he did, he would.
Maybe we can spend a few weeks together after the next tour ends? He had noticed that the more time they spent together, the closer they became. Could that be why I miss her so much?
Their last get together was in California. She had come for a long weekend and met him at the recording studio. After four days together, he almost broke down when she left. He had never reacted like that before. What would happen if we spent a week together?


RECKLESS
Triple Threat Book 1

“Crystal, I got an idea.” My best friend, Chad McLoughlin, picked up my hand. It looked so tiny in his. “You should join Reckless. We need you.”
I laughed, glad he wasn’t thinking about college which loomed over our heads. “Join your band? You’re kidding?” His blue eyes were serious, though.
“I’m not. You’re so much better than Phil, and you know all our songs, too.”
That was true. He and I played them all the time. We also did a lot of Gasoline’s music as well. Gasoline was our favorite band. They came from our southwest New Jersey town, Lindenwold.
With a shrug, I answered, “They’d never let me play.” His bandmates saw me as a groupie most of the time.
“You just have to prove it to them.”
I turned my body on his bed to face him and smiled. His look of desire made me bite my lip. My body reacted to him being so close. It was somewhat frightening. I was deeply attracted to him. Between his long blond, curly hair, strong manly features, well-defined 6’4” body and slight aggressiveness, I found him irresistible.
He was quite opposite of me. I had blue eyes as well, but mine were darker, like some sapphires. His were light, which went well with his very fair skin. My skin had a tiny bit of an olive tone to it, but I still burned after too long in the sun without sunblock. I glanced down at my long dark brown hair that fell over my chest. He loved to run his fingers through it.
My mind drifted to our first kiss. Before I started something I’d later regret, I pushed the thought away. “You really think I can do it?”
His fingers traced my jaw. “Of course I do. You’re beautiful and talented, the perfect combination.” A finger slowly slid down my neck and into my cleavage. “And showing these babies off wouldn’t hurt. When’re you gonna let me-”
I grabbed his hand and placed it on his hip. “I don’t know, Chad. Stop pushing.” The thought of his hands on my body turned me on so much that it felt wrong.
“I’m not pushing, just asking.” He leaned forward and kissed my lips. “You turn me on so much.” He wove his fingers into my hair as he kissed me stronger. “Let me be your first. Please, baby girl. I’ll be as gentle as possible.” He knew I loved it when he called me that.
With shaky hands, I pushed his chest. “I’m scared, and I’m not ready.” I had held off on sexual intercourse because of many reasons. Fear of pain was one of them.
I had also held off on going further with Chad. We often kissed, and sometimes we almost got carried away. More than once, he had asked to fondle me. I always refused, although my body yearned for it. His hormones seemed to rage out of control anytime I was near as well. I just hoped it wasn’t a recipe for disaster. Maybe there was something to what they said about men and women being just friends… It was impossible.
He hugged me tightly. “I’m sorry.”
I felt how hard his cock was against my thigh. My mind reeled with confusion. I wished I were ready to lose my virginity. He would probably be the best lover. He cared so much. He’d make sure I was all right. However, the thought of losing his friendship put the brakes on that idea very quickly.
“Baby.” He ran his fingers through my hair again and brushed his lips over mine. “Are you mad?” Affection was his answer to many problems.
I took a deep breath and put a hand on his waist. “No. Chad, you know I care about you, but… I just can’t lose you.” I was sure if he and I took a chance on a romantic relationship, we could never get back what we had.
“You won’t, I-”
Suddenly, I blurted out, “What about Dana?” It bothered me that he came onto me even when he had a girlfriend. Although I knew he held back with them, it confused me. “Does she mean anything to you?”
“Not as much as you do.” He took my face in his hands. “If you agreed to be with me… I’d never need anyone else.” He brushed his lips over mine yet again.
I closed my eyes since I understood a little bit. He loved me but was lonely. I guess it was better than never leaving my side. He needed to have a life, too. I was between boyfriends, so I knew the loneliness. The last one had dumped me because I had refused sex.
“Chad! We’re here!”
“Fuck, man!” Chad groaned and reached into his pants. “They’re gonna tease the hell outta me for this.” His aroused state was mostly due to his own mind. Our make out session minutes prior was quite tame compared to some.
I jumped off the bed and turned away from him. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, it’s not your fault.” He placed his hands on my shoulders. “I gotta learn how to control my dick.”
We quietly walked downstairs and through the house to the garage. I heard Daniel Brandt messing around with his drums. Chad’s mom, Valerie, let them go in through the house when it was cold. Since it was a Sunday in mid-January, it was below freezing outside. She didn’t usually mind the noise from practices. However, she wasn’t thrilled that Chad spent his free time on music instead of his planned major in college, Computer Science. I was sure he could handle both. He was the smartest person I knew.
I sat on a folding chair as Chad pulled his guitar out of its case. Reckless was quite a diverse group, in age and background. That made them unique. Their style was mostly Nu Metal crossed with Metalcore. I usually enjoyed that type of music, but they were definitely missing something.
Chad turned to Andy Peirce, the singer. “I found the perfect rhythm guitarist.” He glanced at me and winked.
I wrung my hands, terrified they wouldn’t accept me. There were all-girl bands in our high school, but that was not the same. If I joined them, it would change things, hopefully for the better.
Eyes closed, I imagined playing for a crowd like Gasoline attracted. Suddenly, Tommy Fischer, their bassist, came into my vision. He played right next to me. Then he leaned forward and kissed me.
“Wait! I play rhythm,” Phil Ferris countered which jolted me out of my fantasy. He was two years behind us in school.
Andy scowled. “Why the fuck d’ ya keep making decisions for all of us?” He was several years older, so he usually balked at anyone else making decisions. It seemed to be a touch of Napoleon complex.
Chad ignored Andy and laughed at Phil. “Sorry man but you suck. We need a roadie anyway.”
“Fuck that, man!” Phil put his guitar on a stand. “You can’t just bring some guy in here after we been working all these months.” He paused a few seconds. “Hey! What d’ you mean I suck?”
Daniel twirled a stick as he sat behind his kit. “Well, you do, dude. None of us wanted to tell you. Guess Chad finally got the balls.”
“If we wanna play gigs, we gotta sound good,” Jay Morris, the bassist, added.
Phil sat down and pouted for a minute then asked, “So, where is he?”
Arms folded over his chest, Andy glared at Chad. “Yeah, where is he? Phil’s replacement could at least be on time.”
Chad grinned. “She’s here.”
“Crystal?” Andy laughed loudly. “You gotta be shitting me!” He was quickly doubled over and couldn’t stop.
Daniel sighed. “We can’t have a girl in the band. No one’d take us seriously.” He tapped a cymbal. “Unless she’s gonna play naked.” His eyebrows rose.
Chad glared at Daniel for a few seconds then turned to me. “Baby.” He handed me his guitar. “Blow them away.”
I smiled widely and got in position to play. I took a deep breath and started Gasoline’s “Devil’s Boy,” assuming the lead role.
When I was done, the garage was completely silent. Everyone stared at me with their mouth open. That included Andy from the floor, where he had fallen. I grinned, more proud of myself than I had ever been.
“How the hell did you do that?” Daniel broke the silence.
Chad beamed. “She’s amazing. Ain’t she?” He kissed my cheek. “See, baby girl. Told ya.” He had never been so excited.
“I know.” I looked up at him as he towered over me. “You taught me well.”
Phil jumped up. “So, what’re you guys waiting for? She kicks ass! Tell her she can play!”

GASOLINE
Gasoline Book 1

Dominic Spinelli, Gasoline’s lead guitarist, glanced up at their drummer, Jon Harris. They stood in the hallway of the tour bus. “Something’s up with Dean. He’s more antsy than usual.”
“Really?” Jon’s eyes moved to the front of the bus. “Think he’s using?”
Unsure, Dominic shrugged. “I haven’t seen the usual signs, but something’s not right.”
“Maybe he’s bored?” Jon caught a glimpse of Dean staring at the lone female on the bus that night. “Or he’s stressed?”
Dominic hoped that was all it was. “Keep an eye on him. I don’t trust him.”
At the front of the bus, Dean Johnson, Gasoline’s vocalist and rhythm guitarist, leered at the hot young female bassist who was bent over nearby. “Gimme another beer.”
Crystal Atkinson of Triple Treat rolled her eyes. She had grown tired of Dean’s demands minutes into the trip to Michigan. “No.”
“Come on, ba—by.” Dean leaned over the kitchenette table toward her. His deep brown hair fell in front of his eyes. Most women found that sexy. “Unless you plan to give me a blowjob.”
She scowled. “Don’t call me that!”
Unperturbed, he licked his lips as he scanned her young body. With her small frame and large breasts, he couldn’t resist. She, however, turned him down every time. It bothered him.
If they had not been cramped on the crew’s tour bus with an insane amount of people, he would force her to accept his affections.
Crystal shivered. The look in Dean’s dark eyes frightened her more times than not. With a false air of confidence, she shook her head as she handed Dean a sixth brew. “You had enough.” Her eyebrows went up when she saw his black fingernails. That’s new.
As he approached the front, Dominic shook his head. “She’s not your slave, asshole. You’re not 17, you’re 37. Act like it.” He was tired of Dean expecting Crystal to do everything for him. “Giovanni… Jon… Dean’s using Crystal as his gofer again.”
“She won’t let me fuck her,” Dean announced. “The least she could do is show me a little pussy and bring me my drinks. Come sit on my lap and-” A big hand hit him on the back of the head and he choked. “Hey!”
Jon growled at him, “What did I tell you? For the last time, hands off!”
“I didn’t touch her,” Dean protested. His eyes opened wide when the much larger man raised his hand again. He knew Jon had a temper if he was pushed too far.
“Did he?” Jon looked to Crystal, and she shook her head. “Then stop asking her to do shit.” He grabbed a soda and returned to the back where he and a few others were watching a Sylvester Stallone movie.
Dominic laughed. He loved when Dean was put in his place. The fifteen-hour ride was not even half over and Dean had barked orders for half of it. “Just keep drinking.” If he drinks himself into a stupor, at least he’ll shut up.
Crystal sat beside Dominic. She felt achy and tired. The symptoms made her nervous, since she had yet to begin her monthly cycle. Although, it had been a long day and she had stood in boots for most of it. “Do you guys have aspirin or anything?”
“You can’t take that!” Chad McLoughlin shouted as he walked into the main cabin. He was Triple Threat’s lead guitarist. His blue eyes opened wide when he realized everyone had heard him. “I heard it can cause stomach problems.”
He knew there was still the possibility she was carrying his child. That was something they wanted no one else to know.
As she glared up at Chad, Crystal replied, “Then whatever. I need something for my back.”
Dominic noticed the staring contest but decided he should ask in private what was going on between them. “Giovanni, can you grab my bag back there?”
“Yeah,” Giovanni Saracino, Triple Threat’s drummer and Crystal’s boyfriend, yelled back from the edge of the front room. Soon he came down the hall with the red bag in tow. “What happened?”
Dominic searched through the pockets of his medical bag that he had carried around since he had first become a paramedic many years ago. “Crystal has a backache. Maybe one of the guys’ll let you sleep in a bunk instead.”
Because their second bus had broken down unexpectedly, they had brought sleeping bags and airbeds.
It was close to midnight, so some were half-asleep. Giovanni and Crystal were set to sleep on a small airbed in the back room.
Dominic was almost sure if she did, she would wake up in pain. He pulled out a bottle of acetaminophen. “I think this is all I got. Most of the guys use alcohol. You’re off your meds. Have a beer.”
Chad pursed his lips and kept his eyes on her. He wanted to say something badly, but he didn’t want to reveal their secret. Giovanni would beat him to within an inch of his life if he knew he had fucked her again.
“I don’t like Heineken.” Crystal took the pills and a swig of water. “Thanks.”
Chad sighed with relief. “Why don’t you go lay down? Are any of the bunks free for a few hours?”
Tommy Fischer, Gasoline’s bassist and youngest member, grinned madly while he laid in his bed a few feet away. Sex was why he always chose a top bunk, more head room. He hoped he got some before they arrived in Michigan.
Since Crystal was the only female, she was his only chance. He quickly texted Giovanni:
Mine is.

ROCKIN’ RHYTHM
Velocity Book 1

Ash Taylor looked down at the chick on her knees before him. He had already forgotten her name. They had met a few days prior at a bar. She hadn’t realized who he was right away. Then of course, she had sobered up a bit and went nuts. He just wanted to get laid. His conscience wouldn’t allow him to fuck her while she was inebriated. He got her number and said he would call. That was one promise he regretted.
“Are you a virgin?” He was sure of the answer, but that would explain a lot.
She shook her head. “No. Why?”
“Never mind.” He groaned when she moved in the opposite direction that he did. Wow! Can this get any worse? “Did you cum yet?” There was no way he could tell. Her nod assured him that it didn’t suck for her at least.
He pulled back and slammed into her as deep as he could. Nothing. Not a sound, no movement. This is like fucking a dead fish. What’s the point of this? He closed his eyes and tried to imagine she was his last girlfriend. That woman knew how to please a man. She had no limits and was wild as hell in bed. He didn’t want her drama but wished he could find someone like her. So far, it seemed impossible.
With thoughts of a more aggressive woman, his body finally felt pleasure. Unfortunately, it dissolved immediately. He pumped harder. An idea came to mind, then was quickly dismissed. She probably won’t like anal anyway. Why bother? He started to grasp at straws. Fuck this.
He pulled out and laid down next to her. “Blow me. Do a good job, and I’ll call again.” His number was blocked, so he didn’t need to worry about her bothering him. “Leave the condom on.” Eyes closed, he felt the bed move then it dipped between his open legs.
“Why do we need the condom now?” She was reluctant.
He sighed. “Because I said so.” He always played it safe.
“Can I put a new one on you?”
With a sigh, Ash got to his feet and grabbed his jeans. He always carried several. The trailer they were in was only for sex. Since they were abundant in his area, he thought it was more convenient than driving to the next town every time he had a hook up. It also allowed him the privacy and anonymity he needed.
He looked up and saw the frown on the blonde’s face. Then another idea came to him. The dresser across the room held many supplies, one of which was a box of flavored condoms. “I have strawberry. That should taste better.”
“OK.” She hoped it did.
After he was comfortable, Ash closed his eyes and put his hands behind his head. “Now get sucking. I need to cum.” She closed her mouth over the head of his cock. He waited a while before she took him a bit deeper. “Harder. I can barely feel your mouth.” It took a few more minutes for her to get a good rhythm going. “Wait. Just stay still, right there.” He pumped his hips up a few times and watched her fake breasts jiggle slightly. “Much better.”
It didn’t take even a minute for her to ruin that as well. He shook his head and gently pushed her away. Then he laid back again, yanked off the condom and stroked himself. Why’d I bother with this chick?
She stood at the foot of the bed with her hands on her hips. “What about me?”
Although it wasn’t easy, he ignored her so he could get off. His mind drifted as his eyes closed. An image of a woman he knew was out of his league came to mind. If only she was available and I was her type. His hand moved faster. Thoughts of her always made his body respond. Before he knew it, he panted and his back arched.
“You like your hand better than me?”
Ash’s eyes snapped open just as he spewed semen all over the blanket beneath him. Droplets wound up on his abdomen as well and some on his hand. Then he heard a door slam. “Shit!” He rushed to clean up and get pants on.
The front door of the trailer was wide open. He rarely went there during the day. His eyes moved around the area because he didn’t want the neighbors to see them. He curiously glanced at one trailer in particular. That was the only neighbor he had not met. He heard it was a single woman who kept to herself.
“I’m insulted that you chose your hand over me.” The annoying chick glared at him as she threw open her car door. “How could you not want this amazing body?” She ran her own hands down her sides. “I’m a catch, Ash Taylor! You’ll be sorry you passed this up!”
He gritted his teeth. Yeah, some catch, more like dead fish. “Shut up! I have neighbors, ya know.”
“I don’t care. They can all hear about how much you suck… um… at sex.” Obviously, she didn’t have a way with words. “Everyone should know that Ash Taylor can’t get the deed done.”
He scowled. “Oh, I got it done all right. No thanks to you.” He groaned when a door opened. “Go home already.”
“You need some help with this one?”
Ash shook his head at the nosy man. “I think I got it.” He hated when anyone in the small trailer park approached him. It worried him that someone would discover his “love nest.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Less than an hour later, Ash walked into Safe Haven in the hope it would lift his mood. Usually, he called it “The Center.” He had developed the habit of visiting when he was down or bored. It was a place he wished had existed when he was a kid.
The band had created it to help single parents and low-income families. They did free daycare, and also had an after-school program, summer camps, and weekend events. It was open seven days a week, and even major holidays with limited staff. They knew some parents had to work all the time.
He and most of his bandmates had grown up in south Riverview, only a few miles from The Center. Most people thought of Florida as just a vacation destination. It was much more, and not all of it pretty.
Tampa was only 30 minutes away. Unless you had a car, that could be across the ocean. This isn’t helping. He knew he had to forget the past to change his mood.
With a grin, he greeted several teachers and the receptionist, “Afternoon ladies. Quiet day?”
His eyes settled on Michelle Reynolds, so he didn’t hear if anyone had replied. If only it had been you for real, instead of only in my head. Her happy face lit up his dreary day. She always made him smile. He felt better already. She was his only female friend who was not related to his band.
He directed all his attention to her. “I thought Tuesdays were busy here.”
“It’s early. Most of the kids are still at school.” Michelle was a teacher for the five to seven-year-old range. She adored Ash from afar. His shoulder length, dirty blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and model good looks intimidated most normal women, which included her.
He took a deep breath. “Any kids here today?” He had hoped to distract himself with a basketball game or something.
Michelle nodded. “Mostly young ones.” She knew he related to the teenagers best.
“Do you have to work Saturday?” He wasn’t sure why he had asked that.
Her head snapped up. He had never showed interest in her personal life. “Not this week, since from what some parents told me, there’s a church sponsored trip Saturday to Siesta Key. I love the beach there.”
“Me too.” His smile was automatic.
He liked Michelle but had never thought about asking her out. Normal women usually didn’t react the same to his come-ons. They had never so much as shared an innuendo. He had assumed she was married with kids, although she wore no ring. Maybe I was wrong. If she had been, she would have mentioned something about going with them to Siesta Key or something. Wouldn’t she?
His eyes moved over her conservative dress. It was loose enough that he couldn’t be sure what her body was like, but he could tell she wasn’t beyond his range of preference. She wasn’t short like most women, which always made him look twice.
Her head almost came up to his eyes in flats. That put her at about 5’ 7”, since he was 5’ 10”. Movement started in his pants as he admired her natural beauty.
She didn’t wear makeup, and her dark brown hair was always up. That made his imagination churn. What’s she like outside of this place?
He always went after hot, wild girls. It had gotten old. Maybe I need someone down to earth for a change. She could be the one I’m looking for.
He almost groaned aloud. Sometimes his head came up with outrageous ideas. Ones he didn’t think were necessary, like finding “the one” which was not a real thing. He didn’t believe in that bullshit.
Another look at her made his heart beat faster, though. Maybe she’s not as untouchable as I thought.

DOUBLE DOMINANCE
A Dark Wings erotic MC novella

Steel smirked at the female lead guitarist on the stage. She was part of a rock band that really kicked ass. He took a gulp of his whiskey and leered at her some more. Her long, dark hair was swept into a neat French braid. She wore heavy makeup, lots of black eyeliner, and red lipstick. He wanted those lips around his cock badly.
She wore tiny black shorts and a black tank, with only a few strips of cloth in the back along with heavy boots. The outfit showed off multiple tattoos, including a fretboard along her spine. He hoped to find out if it continued over her ass.
The ice in her eyes made him think she could be a lesbian, but he knew a way around that obstacle. He had gotten more than one man-hater to sleep with him.
He glanced around at his brothers. His club, Dark Wings, was the dominant clientele at Rusty’s Bar and Grill on Saturday nights. Jay, the manager, always had the best bands in the city for their entertainment.
In return, they kept the serious riff raff away. It was a win-win. They had a weekly spot to meet without club business mixed in, and the bar had steady, trouble free business.
He adjusted his leather vest while he watched guitar girl again. She is damn sexy. A glance around told him most of his brothers thought the same. Since he was the Road Captain, he had no duties that night. That meant he could pay more attention to the hottie. A pat on his shoulder startled him, and he turned around.
“That’s some hot-ass chick up there.” Cue Ball, the club president, slapped Steel on the arm. “Bet you’re getting a piece of that tonight.”
Steel had the reputation for nailing anything with a pussy. “Already formulating a plan.” He grinned and nodded at Mack, the bartender, for a refill. “Did you see that sick ass tattoo on her back?”
“Mmm, yeah.” Cue Ball eyed her. “I heard she’s tough as nails. She’s gonna be a challenge.”
After a swig from his new drink, Steel nodded. “You know I love a challenge.” He chanced a look at the hot guitarist. His half-hard cock grew even more while he imagined her chained to his bed, screaming his name. “Can’t wait to get her on the back of my bike. Mmm.” He almost bit his lip. Instead, he drained his drink and ordered another.
Steel turned back to the band, new glass in hand. He checked out her bandmates. The bassist was also a woman but not as hot. The other members were men but scrawny and nothing to worry about.
His dick stirred when the guitarist put her foot up on a speaker and began a solo. He caught a glimpse of ass cheek, which told him she either went commando or preferred thongs. If he didn’t have so much self-control, he would have drooled.
Fiona closed her eyes. She loved to get lost in her music. As her fingers quickly moved up and down the neck of her guitar, the noise around her disappeared. Music always turned her on, and that night was no exception. Her body tingled with excitement after every note.
When she neared the end of the sequence, she looked up and stood straight again. Most assumed her long nails would impede her, but she learned how to compensate. Her nails were hard enough that sometimes she used them on the strings as well.
She rolled her eyes at the multiple bikers and other patrons who ogled her. They didn’t stand a chance. She was very particular about her men, and most couldn’t handle her. It make sex complicated for her, so she found men online. Her favorite was a fetish site.
The men she met were temporary. She could go for a man to order around for a few hours. That would make her weekend. However, submissives were hard to come by in a bar.
As soon as the song ended, she set her guitar in its stand and jumped off the raised platform. Immediately, several men blocked her path. She was only five foot two, but her boots gave her several more inches. Her slight appearance deceived most which gave her an advantage. She grinned at the men and hoped for a fight. It would be better than nothing.
“You don’t wanna do this,” she warned them as she tried not to laugh.
Frank, the band’s singer, watched from two feet away with a grin. He shook his head at the guys. They’re in deep shit. He elbowed Alex, the drummer, and nodded at the pending scene. “Here comes the show.”
When the first man grabbed her side, Fiona struck him on the cheek. He stumbled back, and his buddy clutched her left arm. With an evil grin, she swung around his body, jumped on his back, and got him in a chokehold. Someone else tried to pull her off. In a flash, her right hand made him regret it. She broke his nose without flinching.
Sporting a hard-on, Steel moved to break it up. “Fuck off, all of you.” He pushed most of the men away. Then he stood beside his gasping brother and met Fiona’s eyes. “He’s sorry, and he won’t touch you again. Right, Beast?”
He tried not to laugh that such a little thing had bested a man they called Beast. Since Beast was their Sergeant-at-Arms, he wanted to burst out laughing.
“Please let him go.” It killed him to talk so nicely, but he was sure she wouldn’t agree to demands.
She released Beast and slid down his back to her feet. “Anyone else wanna try me?” While she breathed hard from exertion, she scanned the crowd. Some backed away and some shook their heads. However, she noticed the man who had stopped the melee hadn’t moved. “What’re you lookin’ at?”
“My next ol’ lady,” he replied through a half-grin. “I love a woman who takes care of business.”
Fiona shoved him aside. “Ha!”

INSATIABLE APPETITES

Jonas glanced at the sidewalk outside his Greenwich Village tattoo shop, Fast & Easy. A pretty young blonde and her friends were looking at the designs they had posted in the window. She seemed a bit nervous. He had a thing for blondes. He hoped she at least came inside. She could be his Friday night special.
As Vicki tried to decide if she could really go through with it, her eyes met Jonas’. His smile made her blush. She quickly lowered her gaze but hoped he would be the one to ink her first tattoo. They had traveled for over an hour to reach Manhattan for a night on the town.
Bad boys appealed to her to no end. With a blanket of tattoos and piercings in several places, he qualified. She didn’t have an outgoing personality, so she wasn’t sure if she’d even have the guts to flirt with him.
He watched as the three women talked and pointed at pictures. Her hair swept past her shoulders to her breasts. He loved that. With a groan, his eyes drifted to his groin. “Bad timing, man.” Perfect first impression. He turned his back to the window and adjusted his swollen cock to be less visible. Of course, that made it more uncomfortable.
“Hi, I’m Jonas,” he said when Vicki stepped inside and to the counter. “What kinda tat you wanna get? We got a lotta designs all over. Or I can custom draw something if you want.”
Vicki subtly ogled him while her friends, Autumn and Megan, waited in the chairs behind her. Jonas was over six feet tall, and his biceps stretched out the sleeves of his Green Day t-shirt. She liked that, but the crew cut along with a goatee really turned her on.
“Um, I’m Vicki.” She leaned on the counter, which exposed more of her breasts. His green eyes caused her to bite her bottom lip. “I’m not sure what I want, but it has to be somewhere my boss won’t see it.”
Jonas smirked and leaned on the counter as well. “I could put a butterfly across your lower back.” That way she would take her top off. He hoped she knew what his normal sessions were like.
“Um… well… maybe something small. It’ll be my first one.”
“Don’t worry.” He met her blue eyes. “They call me fast for a reason. You’ll barely feel it, and it’ll be over before you know it.” He glanced down at her cleavage. “How about a vine of roses over one of your tits?”
Vickie frowned. “I was thinking maybe on my thigh, so it’s hidden.” In summer, she tended to wear more revealing clothing.
“Anything you want, babe.” He winked at her, then grabbed a pencil and paper.
She watched as he drew a detailed long-stemmed rose with open petals and several leaves. It was breathtaking.
“How’s this?” Jonas was glad to see her amazed expression. His attention to detail had made him a popular tattoo artist with men, but the other half of his reputation kept the ladies happy.
She was impressed for sure. “It’s incredible, but doesn’t every girl get a rose or butterfly?”
“True, so how about I add…” He grabbed a red pencil and drew drops of blood dripping from the petals. “I think that’ll look real sexy.”
Autumn came up behind her. “Wow! That’d be hot. Put it here.” She lifted Vicki’s skirt just a bit and touched the back of her thigh. “When you wear a miniskirt, it’ll peek out just a bit.”
Jonas liked that idea and hoped she had a thong on. “Come on in the back, and we’ll get started.” He noticed her hesitation and groaned silently. His dick couldn’t wait much longer.
Still a little nervous, Vicki turned to her friends. “I don’t know.”
“Don’t wimp out again.” Megan shook her head. “I brought you here because he’s the best. Get it done!”
She winked at Jonas, and her eyebrows rose. He was obviously attracted to her friend. The other reason she’d brought Vicki there was to break Vicki’s dry spell. Megan thought Jonas could fix that.
“Jonas has an amazing reputation.” She giggled and exchanged glances with Autumn. “He’ll take care of everything, honey. Trust me.”


ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Bella Jeanisse lives for rock music. Addicted to concerts, Avenged Sevenfold, fictional rockers, and blasting music in the car, she can’t get enough. After her father turned her on to Queen, there was no going back. Of course, it didn’t stop there. Playing guitar became a pastime, which didn’t turn into a career… until she started to pen her fantasies and publish them.

Originally from Brooklyn, New York City, she grew up with access to clubs like L’Amour and CBGBs, hung out in Greenwich Village, as well as had plenty of friends in bands. No wonder rockers stayed on her mind. Bringing her ideas to life was a long time coming.

She is now living near Tampa, FL with 3 kids and 2 grandkids, as a single mom. Her family supports her writing even when it seems to take up more time than they feel is necessary. Can’t stop the muse, ya know!

Besides erotic rock star romances, Bella also writes about wild bikers, hot college men and more.

CONNECT WITH ME

Facebook profile: https://www.facebook.com/bella.jeanisse
Facebook author page: https://www.facebook.com/Bella.Jeanisse.Books
Facebook fan group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/866525666714069/
Facebook street team: https://www.facebook.com/groups/339160419575295/
MEWE profile: https://mewe.com/i/bella.jeanisse
MEWE fan group: https://mewe.com/group/5add1fe0b45704108072f363
BookBub: https://www.bookbub.com/authors/bella-jeanisse
Wattpad: http://www.wattpad.com/user/BellaJeanisse
Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/bellajeanisse/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BellaJeanisse
Bella's Book Babes on Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/u/0/communities/102955644299350452202
Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+BellaJeanisse
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6449103.Bella_Jeanisse
AuthorsDB: https://authorsdb.com/community/17305-bella-jeanisse
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/BellaJeanisse
Website: http://bellajeanisse.com/
Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/bZ62XD
Review team: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScUu67nY1ISsqpskJHZGmD8UPzepUPhBrwcUfC5smzG6mKzkw/viewform

