Sin of Attraction
Sin Series – Book One
By
Dee Dinh
SIN OF ATTRACTION
Dee Dinh
Published by Dee Dinh at Smashwords
Copyright © Dee Dinh 2015
Cover by Vila Design
Ebook formatting by Jesse Gordon
Copyedits by E.F.
All rights reserved. This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to person or persons, living or dead, or places, events or locals is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. No part of this book may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, distributed, stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, without express permission of the author.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the publisher and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication
This first book could only be for my hubby, my pookie, my MDD (Mr. Dee Dinh), who is my greatest supporter and cheerleader. Thank you for being you...being my best buddy. I heart you. Mwah!
Acknowledgements
An enormous thank you to E.F. for your invaluable assistance. Your friendship and support means the world to me... Love ya! ;)
Thank you to Vila Design, for the awesome book cover. It’s a pleasure working with you.
To Jesse Gordon, thank you for the rock star formatting.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Title
Copyright
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
A Note from the Author
Chapter 1
Anatashia
My friend Hope and I were meeting up with each other today for lunch at one of our favorite restaurants.
We were seated right when we checked in at the hostess stand. It pays to a make reservation at The Grill; it’s a very popular restaurant. The wait without a reservation could be over two hours long; which was insane since most people only get forty-five minutes to an hour for their lunch break. Typically, when Hope and I arrived for lunch, we make our reservation for the following week. “Could you please add me to list for next week? Same time and same seating, please. My name is Anatashia Montgomery.”
“Okay. Yes. I’ve got you down for next week under Anastasia Montgomery,” the hostess said.
“No! My name is Anatashia not Anastasia.” My response came out a little bit more harshly than I cared for but I don’t think she noticed. I loved my name. It was unique...it had a special meaning behind it. However, it was also very annoying having to correct people all the time. Just about everyone assumed it was Anastasia. Well, you know what they say when you assume something...make an ‘ass’ out of ‘u’ and ‘me’. I tried to ignore the fact that she was annoying me right now. I stared and smiled sweetly at her, “Can you please correct that? Ana...tashia,” I said. I was named after my grandmothers. My parents couldn’t decide on a name for me so they compromised on taking the first name of each of my grandmothers and came up with Anatashia.
We thanked the hostess as she escorted us to our usual booth. Our seat was tucked away off to the side from the other patrons. There were probably eight booths lined up along this section of the restaurant. Each booth was separated with these large potted plants tucked inside each booth divider. It gives each seating area a more exclusive private setting. The views from these seats were impeccable and awesome for people watching. The windows were tinted just enough that we could look outside without feeling guilty.
As we got situated into our seats, I let out a heavy sigh thankful for having this lunch break and hanging out with one of my dearest friends Hope Mitchell. Hope and I met our freshman year in college when we were assigned as roommates. We automatically bonded with one another and have been the best of friends ever since. We have been supportive of each other through the good times and the bad times. And there have been plenty of them over the past few years.
A server approached our table, “Good afternoon ladies, my name is Beth. I’ll be serving you today. Do you know what you want or do you need a few?”
“Umm...no...” I said. I nudged Hope in the arm, “Do you want the same drink?” she nodded. “Okay, I’ll have the blueberry ice tea and she’ll have the Arnold Palmer…more Arnold and a little less of Palmer, please.” This meant a little more of ice tea and a little less of lemonade.
“Okay, got it. I’ll be back in a little bit to take your order.”
Hope rubbed her hands together looking anxious, “So...how was your date Saturday night? Good? Bad? Which one was it?”
I shook my head, “Bad! I was better off staying at home and enjoying my foursome for the night.”
“Foursome?” Hope scoffed. “Ana, you’ve never even had a threesome so how could you even have a foursome?”
I huffed, “Just so you know, I’ve had plenty of threesomes and foursomes. Ben and Jerry and I have gotten quite acquainted with each other over the past several months since my break-up with Frank and when I’m in the right mood I’ll add BOB into the mix.”
Hope quirked an eyebrow and started sniggering, “Well damn, I guess I’ve had a few threesomes and foursomes too. However, I don’t really think that having Ben and Jerry ice cream and umm...BOB your battery operated boyfriend constitute as a real threesome or foursome.”
“Said who? It does to me. I might not be able to really get off with just Ben and Jerry. They have been known to just tease and indulge me a little bit but if I add BOB to it. Well...forget about it. I see the light Carol Ann. I’ll come to the light and envision the real threesome and foursome before me.”
“Damn girl! I had no idea you were that kinky.” Hope chuckled. “I’m not certain that those movie producers of Poltergeist had that in mind when they wanted Carol Ann to go to the light.”
I gave her a grin then shrugged, “What can I say? I saw stars when I come to the light.”
We both laughed. Then Hope said, “Well, you go girl. Go ahead and enjoy your foursome.”
Of course, Beth returned at that moment. She had a sheepish smirk plastered on her face clearly overhearing Hope calling me out enjoying foursome. When in honesty, I’ve never had anything more than a twosome. Our server Beth was clearly quite amused. I’m not certain that I would have guessed that she was a woman if it wasn’t for her name tag and squeaky feminine voice. The rest of her features were very masculine and the short cropped Marine – ‘hoorah’ hairdo did not help soften her feminine looks at all. I wouldn’t even consider Beth an Amazon woman; she had the height but none of the other womanly appearances. Her body build was boxy and burly like one of those WWF wrestling contenders. In fact, if she stepped into the ring she could probably kick the tar out of any of those wrestlers. The way she was looking and smiling at me right now was seriously creeping me out. “Ready to order?” she asked.
I was now completely nervous and embarrassed. I felt my cheeks blushing as I gave Beth a unpleasant smile, “Uhh...sure. I’ll have the chicken alfredo.”
“And I’ll have the turkey rueben on rye with swiss cheese, french fries, and a side of mayo.” Hope uttered.
“Alright, I’ll be back with your order when it’s ready.”
After our server left the table Hope turned to me, “Okay, so tell me what happened with the guy from Saturday. He looked like a decent candidate based on his online profile.”
Hope was oblivious with my reaction to our server. Thankfully, she distracted me by turning my attention to the date I had the other night. “Decent candidate...what a joke he was.” I sneered back at her.
“Meaning?” she asked, with a quizzical look.
“He lied about his online profile. However, he’ll tell you that he only fibbed a little bit about it.”
“Really? Like what?”
“Pfft, like his looks...” I said, as our server returned to the table with our food.
“Here you go ladies. Enjoy. Just let me know if you need anything else.” Beth smiled at me before sauntering away.
“Go on...I’m listening.” Hope demanded, as she bit into her sandwich.
“Alright. If you insist.” I replied with a chuckle. “When I got to the restaurant, I didn’t see him anywhere. I thought for a moment that maybe just maybe I got stood up for the night until I checked my phone and noticed that he had texted me.” I pulled out my phone to read his text message, “It reads...‘I’m already here. Check in with the hostess and meet me at the table. Seating is in my name.’” Hope’s jaw dropped a bit. I nodded, “Oh you wait...it gets better.”
“Really? Go on...” Hope said with an arched brow.
“So, I did what he asked. I should have known that something wasn’t right when he insisted that I meet him at the table but hell a part of me thought it was kind of sexy that he was taking charge and being a little domineering.”
“You thought he was a dom didn’t you?” I gave her a sly smile. “You little minx, you.” Hope teased with a wink.
I snorted, “Yeah, he was no dom. Let me tell you.” I took a sip of my drink, “When I got to the table he smiled and offered me a seat by waving to it. He had no inkling of getting out of his seat to even greet me or pull out the chair for me to sit in. Talking about chivalry. He had none.”
I sighed and rolled my eyes, “Not to sound shallow but I contemplated on not sitting down; I thought the hostess had escorted me to the wrong table because he didn’t even appear to look like the same guy online. But then he addressed me by my name so I felt obligated to give him a chance. He must have sensed my hesitation; he rubbed his head and apologized for his appearance. His lack of hair and bald head was due to a bet that he had loss.”
“So...that explained him not looking like his photo, right?” Hope queried.
“Yeah, that’s what I thought, too. So, I sat down but something still didn’t feel right. My spidey sense was tingling and on full alert. Why didn’t I listen to it? I’ll never know. At that moment, I still couldn’t pinpoint what was off. But let me tell you the next time I get that sensation, I’m gonna go running for the hills.” Hope’s brows knitted; she had that baffled look about her probably wondering what the heck I was talking about.
“Alright, let me get to the point here. The date was a disaster. Well, at least for me it was. However, he thought that he had struck a gold mine at first. To be honest, I think he might have been the shallow one since he was constantly praising my good looks and how lucky he was to be dating me. I had to elucidate the dating part to him; that we were merely on a date and not a series of dates.”
“Okay...small technicality. What could have been so bad? From what I’ve heard, he doesn’t sound that awful.”
“Oh Hope, there’s was no pizzazz there. Zilch, nada, zippo. But I stayed anyway just to be polite.” A huge sigh escaped my lips, “While he admitted to fibbing through most of his profile, he was astonished about how truthful I was with mine. He also confessed his profile was a combination of his brothers’ personalities.” I shook my head, “I know, right? How original was that? The guy couldn’t even be creative enough and list his own likes and dislikes. He had to use someone else’s. Amazing! I tell ya.”
“What? Are you serious? So...everything we’d read was bogus about him?” Hope was astounded, as she took another bite of her sandwich.
“You got it. Most of it was phony. I think the only thing that he was sincere about was some of his hobbies but besides that everything else were lies.” I puffed, “And another thing, he didn’t even use his own name or photo. Nope!” I shook my head, “That picture was one of his brothers. Yup! I was right from the get go that it wasn’t him. No wonder he looked similar but yet different and it turned out his lack of hair was not due to him losing a bet. It’s because he’s actually balding. Balding...Hope!”
“So, three quarters of the way through dinner he got up and excused himself except he didn’t just get up from his seat...he...he...climbed down from it to go to the little man’s room. Let me tell you...” I lifted my fingers and made quotation marks, “I literally mean the little man’s room.”
Hope’s brows went up a notch, “Climbed down? How high up were you guys sitting that he had to climb down from his seat?”
“Hope. We weren’t sitting up high; we were sitting on the ground level. He was climbing down from his booster seat to the stepstool.” Hope’s jaw gap opened. “He’s a little man that is vertically challenged!” I shrieked. “A tiny person! A dwarf! A midget!” I wailed.
“What?! Are you telling me that your date is...?” Hope raised her hand to the height of our table, “Yay, tall?”
“Um yeah...” I winced at what she just said, “Actually, maybe not that tall. He was probably a little shorter than that.”
Hope broke out into laughter and hollered hysterically. After a while, she raised her hand, “Sorry. That wasn’t very nice of me to laugh about your date.” She tried covering her mouth but continued to giggle.
I waited patiently for her giggle fits to die down, “He...he shops in the kids department and wears clothing from the little boys line. Hell, he could’ve probably fit into clothes from the Ken doll collection.” Hope was now smirking from ear to ear, “I helped him pick up his jacket when he dropped it to the ground and I saw the jacket label...NM Kids.” I frowned and cringed at the thought of it. “Yupper doodle...I was on a date with a little man, a bald little man who wears kids clothing and mirrors Dr. Evil’s Mini-Me.” Hope all but snorted and busted out in laughter. “Seriously Hope, all he had to do was wear a light gray suit versus the black one that he had on and hold his pinkie up next to his lips then he could be Dr. Evil’s Mini Me twin.” Hope let out another loud chuckle.
I let out a big huff and propped my face into my hands as my elbows rest upon the table, “Well, I’m glad someone found my date amusing.”
“I’m sorry,” Hope said, as she wiped tears from her face. “That wasn’t nice of me to laugh but God I wish I was there to witness your expression. It was probably priceless.”
The corner of my lips quirked upward as I muttered, “Yeah, it was pretty priceless to say the least.”
“Hey, at least he dressed in style. Buying clothes from Neiman Marcus Kids must have cost him a few bucks.”
I scoffed, “Yeah...I guess. He had to splurge his money somewhere since he wasn’t willing to spend it on me for dinner.”
“What?!”
“Oh, yeah. Didn’t I tell you that part? When he figured out that we weren’t connecting, he asked our server for separate checks. He felt it was best that I didn’t feel obligated to repay him since it was obvious that we weren’t meshing.” I chuckled and shook my head, “I couldn’t believe it. He had some balls. Let me tell you, I was so over it at this point and my patience were wearing thin so I didn’t care if I had to go Dutch. I just wanted the date to be over with.”
Hope guffawed, “For a little man, he obviously had some big balls for pulling a stunt like that. I wondered if he had a schlong or a schlort? Maybe you should have given him a chance to find out. His genitals could have been a tripod...and if he ever got tired, he could have used it as a kickstand just like Dr. Evil’s Mini-Me did.”
Fricking Hope. She had me laughing so hard that I nearly snorted my drink out of my nose.
Hope smiled and slipped the last bit of her sandwich into her mouth before asking, “Hey, how could you not notice that he was a dwarf? Wasn’t it pretty obvious when you saw him?”
“No.” I shook my head, “I was too nervous and too distracted to notice. Besides, there was barely any lighting in that damn restaurant. It was one of those new art nouveau types of restaurant where you eat in the dark. I had no idea that’s what we were going to be doing.” Hope quirked a brow. “I know. Strange, right? I should’ve known – hence, the name of the restaurant is In the Dark. The lighting was super dim. There was only a tealight candle lit when I got to the table which they blew out after they handed each one of us a pair of night vision goggles to wear during dinner. My vision was so disoriented from wearing the damn thing. That’s why I didn’t notice any of the details that night.” I let out a heavy sigh, “For all I know, they could have served me a rat and called it chicken and I wouldn’t have even noticed.”
“Well, that just explains everything.” Hope chuckled, “Hang in there, Ana. We’ll do a better job scoping out your next date from that dating site.”
I shook my head wistfully, “I don’t know about this, Hope. I’m feeling a bit discouraged about playing the field right now. After eight months of being single and somewhat celibate...well...you know aside from my foursomes...” I let out a little laughter, “and...if this is all that is out there...maybe...I should’ve stayed wi...”
“Stop! Don’t you even dare say it...” Hope glowered at me. Her scowl was fierce; in fact it looked downright scary. She reminded me of the Chucky doll minus the red hair and freckles. “Don’t even think it. You deserve better than that fuckwit that you were with.” Her face softened as she reached over and grasped my hand, “I’m sorry your date didn’t pan out but the dating pool is better out there. We will find you a better guy next time. Promise.”
I sat there nodding and agreeing with her while shoving my food back and forth not really eating it. I realized then that I wasn’t hungry any longer. “You know...there are days when I just want to be fucked into oblivion. I know this sounds very Neanderthal but I want a man that would just take me, ravage me, and do what he pleases with me. I frankly don’t care what he does or how he does it. I just want it to be fucktastic. I want some bodies slamming, head banging, and wild animalistic beastie craze sex. You Jane, me Tarzan kind of sex. You know, what I mean?” Hope nodded. “Seriously, am I asking too much Hope?”
“Umm...not at all. I know exactly what you mean. Those are the best sex. I usually get those with make-up sex.” Hope said.
“Really? Well...no wonder I haven’t experienced that kind of primitive animalistic beastie sex.”
Hope quirked an eyebrow, “You’re kidding. You mean to tell me that you’ve never had make-up sex?”
“Nope. Never.” I reached for my blueberry ice tea and took a sip of it to wet my dry palette.
“Well...damn! We’re gonna have to find you a guy to remedy that ordeal.” Hope said with a giggle.
I raised my hands to my lips to silence her and whispered. “Do you hear that snickering? I swear...I heard that same deep chuckled when we were talking earlier.”
Hope waived her hand and tsked, “So what if he did? You don’t know if that’s what he’s laughing about. The restaurant was too noisy for anyone to really hear what we were saying. You have to admit, our tête-à-tête was pretty amusing today.” She nudged my elbow and waggled her brows, “His laughter was very sexy...maybe he could be your Tarzan...”
I giggled at the thought of that, a nameless, faceless man being my Tarzan. Maybe Hope was right. His chuckle was pretty appealing, “Hmm, maybe...” I finally muttered, “maybe...”
Chapter 2
Connor
I was scanning my email when an icon appeared flashing in the corner of my smartphone alerting me that I’ve received a text message. With my finger hovering over the text icon that I was about to tap when squeals of laughter caught my attention. I rolled my eyes. Great...just my luck. It seems that a group of women were seated in the booth next to mine. How lovely...not! That’s all Blake and I needed – a bunch of bored yentas yakking their way all throughout lunch. Then I heard the sweetest giggle and my nose detected this soft sweet floral scent of gardenia and tuberose coming from this group of women.
As she spoke and I found myself drawn to her melodious voice; it was soft and sweet yet sultry and sexy at the same time. I glanced at my phone when it chirped. Right! Another text message. I totally forgot to read the other one since I got distracted.
It was a text from Blake, ‘Running late...’
Then followed by another one a few minutes later, ‘On my way...leaving now.’
‘Ok, C U soon.’ I texted back to him.
While waiting for Blake, I found myself eavesdropping on the conversation at the table next to mine. It appeared that there wasn’t a group of yentas but just two women...two friends catching up with each other. I shouldn’t have been listening to them; it’s such an invasion of privacy and so pervy but I couldn’t help myself. Her voice was smooth and velvety. It was humming through my eardrums and calming my every nerve. I don’t believe any woman has ever had that effect on me ever before.
I found myself chuckling a few times from the women’s exchange. But the idea of Miss 4 S ‘Soft – Sweet – Sultry – Sexy’ dating someone else had me feeling a little unhinged. What the hell? Where did that come from? I don’t even know who she is and here I wanted to go all alpha male on her and claim her as mine. Mine. Feeling like some possessive child putting a claim on their toy and not letting it go or wanting to share it with anyone else.
As my mind drifted, I felt someone tap my shoulder. It was Blake. “Hey...sorry I’m late man.”
“Hey...no sweat. Glad you could make it.” I said with a shrug.
Blake nodded as he slipped into the booth to sit down. “Did you order yet, Connor?”
“No. Not yet. I was waiting on you.”
“Hmm...give me few to look this over so that we can order,” Blake said, as he grabbed the menu and started glancing at it.
I tipped my chin up and nudged it toward him, laughing inwardly because I already know what Blake was going to order. When it comes to food, he’s a creature of habit. As adventurous as he was with other aspects of his life, his food repertoire remains fairly mundane and bland.
I recalled when Blake Easton and I first met back in college. It was our freshman year; we were dorm mates. He used to live across the hall until we moved off campus the following year together. We instantly bonded and has been best of friends ever since. Blake was not only my attorney but he was also one of my best buds. He was one of the few people in my life that I have the utmost confidence and trust in. Then all of sudden a loud ringtone streamed through and broke me out of my reverie.
‘My Milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and they’re like...it’s better than yours. Damn right. It’s better than yours. I can teach you, but I have to charge. My Milkshake brings all the boys to the ya...’ Blake stumbled for his phone inside of his suit jacket. “Sorry.” Blake shrugged as he silenced it.
My lips curled upward as I shot an arched eyebrow at him. “Your flavor of the month, I reckon?”
“Yea...something like that.” Blake mumbled with a smirk.
“So, what...you still doing the one-monther thing?”
Blake nodded, “Yup. You still doing the one-nighter thing?”
“Yup,” I nodded.
Our server arrived to the table to take our order and, just as I thought, Blake ordered the same thing every time we’ve been to this restaurant. After listening to him placed his order I couldn’t resist smirking.
“What?” Blake asked, “I can’t help it. They make the best turkey rueben in town.”
Our server nodded, “Not to sound biased...but I agree with you there. It’s the best I’ve ever tasted. Let me go put your order into the system and I’ll bring it right out when it’s ready. If you need anything in the meantime, just let me know.” He said before sauntering away.
“Thanks,” we both responded in unison.
Just as Blake was about to say something, a blonde with short pixie hair appeared on his phone with a ringtone, ‘My Milkshake brings all the boys to the ya...’ Blake rolled his eyes then grabbed his phone to silence it again.
“Persistent little thing...ain’t she?” I teased.
“Yea...just a tad. I think I’ll need to have a chat with her about the one-month rules. At this rate she won’t even make it another week.” Blake said.
“Ouch! That bad, huh?”
Blake nodded and let out an arduous sigh, “Mmm...You don’t know the half of it. She’s already programmed her own ringtone, picture and calling me several times a day. And she’ll keep calling until I answer...so, fucking annoying! She’s getting too clingy and it hasn’t even been a week yet.”
I let out a chuckle, “That’s what you get for having one-monther.”
“Whatever, man.” Blake flicked me off. “At least I always have a plus one whenever there’s an event to go to.”
“Yea...if you look at it that way. I just find me someone if I ever needed a plus one. It’s easier then I don’t have to deal with the hassle of your one-month relationship.”
Our server returned with our food and refilled our drinks. After ensuring that we were satisfied with everything, he walked away. Blake and I dove into our meal without another word. It was obvious that we both were ravenous.
A few moments later, Blake asked, “Are you still taking...what’s her name...” he snapped his fingers, “Bernadeth! When it’s a last minute thing?”
I nodded, “...we’re still each other’s back-up. She’s kinda like my friend with benefits but without the benefits. Maybe more like my trophy friend on demand.”
Blake shook his head and laughed. “Trophy friend? More like trophy date?”
“No, man, trophy friend! We’re not dating. Nothing will ever happen with us again. Been there...done that.”
“Hmm...I don’t blame you. She’s a looker. No doubt about that. She’s smart as hell, too, but what an uber bitch.”
I snorted, “She’s not that bad; only if you cross her the wrong way.” I glared at him, “Have you?”
“Have I, what?” Blake tsked, “Crossed her? Hell no. I barely know her. I’ve just seen her in court sometimes and she was brutal with her male opponents. It seemed like she enjoys squeezing the hell out of a man’s nuts and slinging it across the room. That’s all.”
“Ah, well...that is the art of Bernadeth. She’s been known to scare a man shitless. She’s one woman that you don’t want to muddle with especially if you’ve pissed her off.”
We were interrupted once more by the same ringtone, ‘My Milkshake brings all the boys to the yard, and they’re like...’ Blake mumbled a string of curses before he answered his phone and slipped out of the booth.
I couldn’t help but chortle at Blake; if I know him he’s going to dump that gal by the end of the phone call. By stalking him as much as she did, she signed her own death sentenced. As I was waiting for Blake to return, I gestured to the server for our check. When he arrived, I handed over my Black Card by American Express to pay for it.
Then I heard the women in the next booth conversing again, “We’ll do a better job scoping out your next date from that dating site.” Huh? What dating site was she enrolled with? For the briefest moment, I’d considered joining and soliciting a date with her. The thought of that idea was insane. There were a plethora of dating sites out there; how in the hell am I supposed to know which site she was registered with? Online dating had never been my thing. I preferred the real deal; taking my time scoping out the women within my reach and deciding who would suit my needs for the night. It certainly sounded like she was looking for something quick and dirty to satisfy her sexual desires. A Neanderthal, a Tarzan, and a beastie male... I could be all of those things for her, at least for one night, and that would make her my next perfect one night stand. With that mission in mind, I texted my assistant Maggie to make a reservation for me for next week. Same bat time...same bat channel.
Upon Blake’s return, he let out a grueling sigh then said, “Hey...sorry about that.” He reached into his suit jacket to pull out his wallet, “I’ve got to get back...you ready to go?”
I nodded and shoved his wallet away, “I got it, man.”
Blake smiled back at me, “Thanks, Connor. The next one is on me.”
“Sure. You know I don’t care about that.” Blake continued to smile and gave me a pat on my shoulder as I got out of the booth. “So...Ms. Milkshake...”
“Done. Finito.” Blake slashed his hand across his neck.
I shook my head and we both chuckled as we headed out of the restaurant.
Chapter 3
Anatashia
Hope and I were getting together today for lunch at our usual restaurant. She was beaming and grinning as I approached our table. I smiled and waved back at her. “Hey. Have you been waiting long?”
She shook her head, “Nope. I just got here a few minutes ago.”
I felt Hope glaring at me from the moment I got situated in our booth, “What?” I asked.
“So, tell me...what’s up?” Hope asked. Her question drawled out longer than it should have. I know from that tone that she was fishing for something.
I replied, “Not too much. How are you? How was your trip?” I knew this was not the response that she was expecting but I was not going to make it easy for her. If she wanted dirt on my weekend escapade, then she would have to have a little bit of patience – a virtue that she has yet to master.
Hope glared at me with knitted brows. “Oh, don’t play coy with me today. Spill it. I know you had a date this past weekend and I want to hear all about it.”
She then turned to look down at the menu. Chewing on her bottom lip, she contemplated what to order from the menu which I thought was a little uncanny since she always order the same meal – a turkey rueben on rye with swiss cheese, french fries, a side of mayo and an Arnold Palmer…more of Arnold and little less of Palmer. Which meant a little more ice tea and a little less lemonade.
“What? I have no idea what you are talking about,” I said with a mischievous grin. “What makes you think I had a date this weekend?”
“Uh-uh, don’t even start with me, Ana. I know, for a fact, that you had a date this past weekend. A little birdie told me so.” Hope said.
“Oh, who might that be?” I asked. Now I was wondering who’s the little birdie? No one knew that I had a date. I didn’t want to tell any of my girlfriends until we had our next girl night out just in case something else might’ve come from this date.
A cheery, young and handsome server approached our table, “Good afternoon ladies, I’ll be serving you today. Would you like to hear the special of the day or are you ready to place your order?”
“Hmm…I can’t decide what I want.” Hope muttered, as she tapped her fingers to the side of her cheeks while gnawing and puckering her lips. “Ana, do you know what you want? “
I turned to our server with a smile, “I think we need a few minutes, please.” I noticed Hope looking up and gawking at our server. I think she just noticed him.
“Sure. Take your time. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” He gave us his dazzling grin and winked before he strolled away.
“OMG! Did you see how hot our waiter is? Is he on the menu? Maybe I can order him for dessert.” Hope said as she peered around the corner of our booth to check him out. She wafted her hand in front of her face in an effort to cool herself off. “Phew…maybe I’ll order dessert today.”
I held back my laughter and looked back at her with dismay, “What is with you today? Is everything alright with you and Gary?”
She waved her hand in a dismissive manner and tsked, “Everything is fine. I might be in a committed relationship but I’m not blind, you know? He’s a hottie-p-tottie young thing.”
I relaxed a little, knowing that everything was alright with her and Gary. They have the kind of relationship that I hope to have someday.
“Okay enough about me. Spill it. Tell me about that hottie that you went out with on Saturday.”
“Wait…tell me about the little birdie and I’ll give you the scoop on my date.” I challenged back at Hope.
Before she could answer our server came back to our table, “Ladies, are you ready?”
“Oh…I’m ready,” Hope replied in this deep throaty bedroom voice while she batted her long lashes and curled up her lips into that flirtatious smile that lets a man knows that she wants him.
I always envied Hope for being so brazen. She doesn’t care what anyone says or thinks about her. She does whatever she pleases, whenever she please; right now, flirting with this hottie-p-tottie young server was her main objective. “Are you ready...” Hope flicked his name badge, “Josh?”
Startled, Josh’s gaze nervously shifted back and forth between the two of us while his grip tightened around the pen and order pad. “Yes...ma’am,” he finally spat out.
Hope arched a defiant brow at him.
Josh cleared his throat, “I mean...yes, miss.”
I started giggling. I couldn’t hold it in any longer. Hope was tormenting him and was making him nervous. With our luck, he’ll be so distraught and write down the wrong order. I needed to bail this poor fella out. “We’re ready. I’ve have the blueberry ice tea with extra ice, the Hog Heaven on a croissant with a side of honey mustard and sweet potato fries.”
“Oh...that sounds delish. You’ve got to give me a bite.” Hope said as she ogled our server. “And...I’ll have A turkey rueben on rye with swiss cheese, french fries, a side of mayo and an Arnold Palmer...more of Arnold and little less of Palmer, please.” Hope gave him another one of her flirtatious smiles along with a wink.
Josh’s face reddened as he repeated our order with accuracy. I could tell he was embarrassed since he never once looked up at us. He gave us a tight nod once we had confirmed our order with him.
I waited until Josh was out of sight before I jabbed Hope in the arm. “You are so mean. Leave that poor boy alone. Quit harassing and eye fucking him. You’re going to make him mess up our order.”
“Ow…that hurts,” Hope whined and slapped my fingers away from her. “What? I’m just playing with him. You have to admit he’s hot! Very eye candy...he’s a little young but hot! Speaking of which, how was your Mr. Hottie from Saturday night?”
“Uh-uh, tell me about the little birdie then I tell you about my date. Tit for tat girlfriend,” I said with a smirk.
Hope threw up her hands in surrender, “Ugh…alright! Damn, you can be so tenacious at times but you know I love you.” She sighed, “Rebecca told me.”
I gasped, “Rebecca? From the coffee shop? You guys were gossiping about me?”
“Yes...no. I mean, yes we were talking about you but not about what you think. And, yes, that Rebecca,” Hope rolled her eyes. “I ran into her at the grocery store. You know how she is, she loves to gossip. She yak and yak my ears off about how jealous she was that you got asked out by Mr. Hottie. She’s been trying to get his attention for awhile now and no luck. Then you come along and bam. Not only did he buy your coffee that day and sat down to chat with you but he also asked you out for Saturday night.” Hope chuckled, “I didn’t even get to finish my shopping since she kept following me around the store. She’s a sweet girl but annoying at times. And...she was green with envy about your date.”
Hope nudged me, “So...is he Mr. Hottie? Did you have a good time? Was it better than the last date? Wait...was he taller than this table?” She clasped her hand together close to her chest, “Please tell me you had fun and that he wasn’t another Dr. Evil’s Mini-Me? I hoped you had fun. You deserve to it...”
Before I could answer, Josh returns with our food and drinks. He laid everything out in front of us. The aroma from our food smelled divine. I hadn’t realized how famished I was until now.
We thanked Josh for our food then Hope said, “Excuse me, Josh...maybe I’ll have you for dessert.”
“No, you are not! Sorry, she just kidding,” I spat out and giggled. “Quit it. You’re going to scare him.”
Hope gave him a half grin and shrugged, “Sorry, you are cute though. I promise I won’t bite unless you want me too.”
“Hope...” I growled.
“Alright, I’ll stop, you fuddy-duddy. Taking all my fun away,” she grumbled.
We started to eat and dove into our meal. I sliced a part of my sandwich for Hope to try.
“Umm...this is good,” she praised. “What’s in it? Maybe I’ll order it next time.”
I tittered at her comment, “You crack me up. You know you’re not going to get it.” I nudged her, “You always order the same thing every time we come here.”
“Hey...you don’t know that. I might change my mind next time,” Hope huffed. “I can’t help it that this place makes a killer turkey rueben. No one else in town can even compare. You know that and don’t even deny it. Besides I’ve got to get my weekly fix. So, tell me what’s in this thing.”
“It’s called a Hog Heaven. Hmm…let’s see it’s got pork loin, ham, bacon, sliced granny smith apples and swiss cheese. I think it comes on a seeded bun but I always get it on a croissant. Delicious, right?”
Hope nodded, “Oh, yeah…delish. Okay, back to Mr. Hottie. Was he as fine as Rebecca made him out to be? Details. I need details.”
Darn it! I knew Hope wouldn’t give up. She’s like a hound dog. She keeps probing and sniffing until she gets what she wants. That’s what makes her such a great attorney and why she wins so many of her cases.
I looked up at her after taking a bite of my sandwich and gave her a half grin and nodded.
With a mouthful of food Hope nodded back then said, “Ahh...he is hot but...I know that look. What happened? He had better not mistreat you. God, help me...if he...”
I held up my hand to stop her, “No. No, he was a complete gentleman...it’s just...”
“What?” Hope demanded, “What happened? Did he have a small penis or something?”
I chuckled at her question, “Nope, his was just fine.”
Hope eyes widened and her jaw dropped wide opened. “OMG, you little slut you,” she slapped my arm and winked, “I knew you had it in you. So…I’m guessing you hit a home run?”
I shook my head.
“No? Third base then?” Hope asked looking befuddled as ever.
“His was third base. Mine would more likely be second base.” I took a deep breath and let out a heavy sigh, “You see...I met him at the coffee shop. He was standing in line right in front of me. I didn’t notice him at the time since I was too busy texting with you about your trip. He had already paid for my drink when I got up to the counter. Rebecca pointed him out to me. He was sitting in the corner at the far end of the cafe. So, I went up to thank him that’s when he asked me to have a seat and join him. We chatted for a bit and things seemed to click and before I knew it he had asked me out for Saturday night. I thought to myself--What the hell? Why not? He’s an attractive man and I was available. So, we exchanged phone numbers and agreed to meet up Saturday night.”
“Wait…did he pick you up or did you meet up with him?”
I took a sip of my drink then said, “I took a cab and met up with him. You know that. I’ve got to have an exit strategy just in case. We went to this sushi restaurant called Sake. Everything was going great and flowing seamlessly throughout dinner. The chemistry between us was totally there. We were constantly flirting and touching each other throughout the night. Before I knew it we were in the hotel suite. Kissing and groping all over each other.”
Hope interjected, “Wait...did he offer to go back to his place? Since, I know you didn’t offer to go back to your place.”
I shook my head, “He asked my place or the hotel.”
“Umm…playa…non-committal. I see.”
“Umm...playa…” I nodded in agreement, “Which is fine. Non-committal is good for me right now. I was playing the game, too. I’m not looking for anything serious either,” I shrugged and waived my hand dismissively.
Hope mumbled and motioned, “Okay. Sorry. Please continue.”
I was tapping my fingers to my chin trying to recall where I had left off, “Hmm…where was I?”
“You were kissing and groping each other,” Hope mocked with a wicked smile and an arched brow, “We already know he doesn’t have a small...you know...”
“Yeah,” I huffed. “I know...he doesn’t,” I giggled then swiped a loose strain of hair behind my ear, “Frankly, I don’t know what I was doing there in the hotel suite. I knew that he wasn’t going to hit a home run with me that night. I was okay with second base but definitely not a home run. You know me. I’m not Sam. I just couldn’t give it up that easily. I thought about it but I just couldn’t. I needed more of a connection to be able to do that...and...that wasn’t it. But, what was I to do now? I mean...here we were in this suite that I agreed to and he was extremely...” I lowered my voice to a deep and throaty sound, “Extremely aroused.”
A devilish grin spread over her face, Hope slurred. “You mean he had a stiffy...a boner...a woody?”
My cheeks flushed, “Yes, yes. All that.” I reached for my blueberry ice tea and taken another sip of it to quench my thirst, “What a clusterfuck mess it had turned out to be! I had to do something if I wasn’t going to give it up. I would be such an effing tease. I had no choice but to follow through with something. I felt bad for the guy.”
I shook my head, “Oh God, I can’t believe I’m going to tell you this.” I buried my face between my hands too embarrassed to look up at her. I felt the heat rising to my face and felt my cheeks blushing. After a moment, I took a deep breath and let out a taxing sigh, “I figured if I gave him a hand job maybe that would suffice. Well...one thing leads to another and in the heat of the moment...I caved and gave him a blow job too.”
Grinning widely from ear to ear, Hope could barely hold back her laughter. She patted her hand over the top of my hands, “Aww…Ana…Honey, I’m sure he appreciated it. Did you at least enjoy it?”
I scoffed and rolled my eyes, “Oh…I enjoyed it alright. I will never forget him and, likewise, he will never forget about me. That’s for sure.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
I held up my hands and shook them, “Hope, it was awful! Just awful...” I whined, “He’s...he’s...funk-a-munk.” I grabbed her shoulders and rattled, “He tasted awful! I wanted to stop but he was enjoying it so much...too much. He had such a tight grip on my head that I couldn’t break free and come up for air. I’ve never wanted a man to ejaculate so quickly and so badly before. When he finally came, I tried to swallow it but it was so effing horrific. Just dreadful, I’ve never tasted bad cum before. His was just so bitter, chalky and...something else that I can’t even explain it.” I shook my head and held my hands up to my face, “He knelt down next to me and kissed me. Telling me how magnificent I was and how much he enjoyed it. I could feel the bile rise up my throat...and...and...” I grabbed her hands and hastily blurted out, “I couldn’t keep it down any longer. I puked all over him like that chic Linda Blair did in the Exorcist. Vomit was everywhere.”
Hope broke free from my grasp and bellowed into laughter. She was tearing up and grabbed her side whimpering and laughing, “Ow...ow...that hurts. OMG! That hurts. I so needed that story.”
I cleared my throat, “You know what he said after I hurled all over him?” Hope quirked a brow at my question. “It’s okay, doll. Let me get you a towel to clean up. You must have had some bad sushi tonight.”
“Sushi?! Can you believe that?” I sneered in disbelief. “He thought it was what I had for dinner? Oh, it wasn’t dinner that did me in. It was what I had for dessert that did me in.”
Hope broke out into another round of gleeful laughter, but this time I noticed she wasn’t the only person laughing. I heard this deep, sexy and throaty laughter at the same time as hers coming from the booth next to us. The voice sounded vaguely familiar but I couldn’t seem to place it. “Hope? Did you hear someone chuckling just now?” I whispered.
Hope shook her head, “No. And if they did because of this…oh well. It was worth it.” She shrugged her shoulders, “So...I’m guessing no second date with Mr. Hottie?”
My eyes bulged at her, “Oh God, did you not hear what I just said?” I shook my head adamantly, “There is no stinking way am I going to torment myself like that again! Yes, he’s attractive but that’s not enough when your junk tastes like funk. Uh-uh, no way. I can’t do it.”
Hope sniggered, “Now, just hear me out...maybe he ate something weird earlier that da...”
I held up my hand to her and cut her off mid-sentence, “Stop! Please...stop. I am not entertaining the idea of hooking up with him again. Once I cleaned myself up and left his hotel suite. I just felt so relieved. Trust me, I’m not going back for seconds even though he’s been calling and texting me everyday asking when are we meeting up again. Can you believe that? Is he insane or what? I spewed all over him. You would think that would be enough to discourage the guy.”
“Well, obviously not. If he’s calling and texting you everyday...girlfriend, you must have skills working that mouth of yours,” Hope teased with an impious smirk.
We sat there and giggled together finishing off the rest of our meal. When were done eating, Josh returned to our table and handed Hope our bill in a small black binder. I fished for the wallet inside of my handbag.
“Don’t even think about it. Just put it away. Lunch is on me today,” Hope said with a wink. “Are you free the rest of this afternoon or do you have any other meetings or deadlines? I’ve taken the rest of the afternoon off if you want to just hang out and go shopping or something.”
“Yeah. That’s sounds great! I would love that. Let’s get out of here.” I said smiling back at Hope. “And thank you for lunch today.”
Hope slid her credit card into the black binder and handed it over to Josh with a sensual smile. When he returned with her sales slip, he stared directly at Hope and said, “Please sign the top copy and keep the bottom copy...Ms. Mitchell,” Josh redirected his gazed at the two of us, “Have a lovely day ladies and it was a pleasure serving you today. Please come again.”
Hope nudged me as we scooted out of our booth and sniggered, “Yes. I’ll come again...and again...and again.”
“Hope? You’re so bad.” I said giggling.
“What?” Hope said with a shrug of her shoulders as we left the restaurant.
Chapter 4
Connor
I waived to the waitress and mouthed ‘check’. She gave me a quick nod, smiled and sauntered away.
My phone buzzed with Maggie Alberts appearing on the screen. I cringed at the sight of her name. My personal assistant rarely bothers me when I am at lunch unless there is some type of dilemma that needs to be dealt with. “Yes?” I replied with a swipe across the screen.
“Oh, good...I was hoping you would pick up,” she huffed. “Are you still attending the meeting at two today?” Maggie asked.
I held my smartphone away from my face and glanced at the time on the phone 1:50pm. Damn! I cursed inwardly for allowing myself to get distracted by today’s luncheon. I had taken a longer lunch break than I had intended. Listening to the two women chat in the booth next to mine was entertaining to say the least, but now that puts me behind for a very important meeting. “Yes. I’ll be there...just let them know I might be a few minutes late.”
I ended the call and the time appeared on the phone 1:51pm. “Shit! Where the hell is that waitress?” I mumbled grumpily.
Oh, hell! Of all the days when you need to be somewhere, you always get the slowest service ever. I reached for my wallet to pull out a hundred dollar bill and threw it onto the table. That should be more than enough to cover whatever I owed for lunch. Which wasn’t a whole lot since I only ordered a San Pellegrino and a bacon cheeseburger with french fries.
I slid out of the booth and adjusted my jacket before heading out of the restaurant. The waitress appeared just as I turned the corner of the booth.
“Sorry for the delay. I was hav…” she said.
I stopped her mid-sentence not really caring what her excuse was. I was running late and I had to get the heck out of here. I grumbled, “Money is on the table. Don’t worry about the change.”
I quickly marched back to the office. Thanking that it wasn’t any further than three blocks away from the restaurant. Once I reached my office building and crossed the grand marble lobby, I was greeted by the security guards on duty. Joe, one of the security guards, rushed around the corner and followed me to the bank of elevators. I pulled out my key fob to swipe the panel against the wall. Just as I was about to swipe my key fob, Joe swiped his instead against the elevator’s access panel and said, “I’ve got it for you, Mr. Scott.” I thanked him with a nod. Less than a minute later the elevator car arrived and opened. Joe stepped into the lift with me. He pressed the button for the sixty-fifth floor and swiped his key fob on the elevator’s access panel again. As Joe stepped out of the elevator car he turned to me and said, “Enjoy your day, sir.” I gave him firm nod as the door closed. Grateful for a moment of peace and serenity in solitude I rode up to my office which happens to be located on the same floor as the boardroom and conference rooms.
By the time I made it into the boardroom the meeting was just getting started. Everyone was already seated and was just introducing themselves. Relieved that I arrived just in time, I strolled toward my seat with an air of confidence and arrogance. I pulled out my chair at the head of the boardroom table and waited for my introduction.
Once the meeting was on its way, I sat back and surveyed my surroundings. Seated on my left were my management team, my friend and attorney Blake Easton and his legal team and to my right were the opposing counsels and the management team that I planned on acquiring. And sitting next to me on my left was Maggie who was diligently taking notes for our meeting minutes. She looked up and smiled at me, poised as always. I was so grateful for this wonderful team of smart, reliable, hard working people working for me.
Maggie being one of them, she is steadfast and trustworthy. She manages all of my affairs. She always stays on top of everything and keeps me on track with my daily itinerary never letting me falter or sway from it. Maggie has been my personal assistant for the past five years but somehow it seems like she’d been working for me for a lot longer than that. I stared back at her and gave her a tight smile before focusing back on the meeting at hand.
Three hours later, the boardroom doors opened and the meeting had ended. I was now exhausted, my head was pounding from the constant squabbling over the terms of the acquisition. Next time, I’ll leave the room after the deal has been addressed and let the attorneys and the management teams work out the nitty-gritty. The longer I stayed behind the more I had to get involved. That’s not what I like to do. That’s what they were hired to do.
I strolled back to my office when a familiar floral scent of gardenia and tuberose wafted in the air. It stopped me dead in my tracks. It couldn’t have been her. What would she being doing here...in my building? Then I heard some women giggled and one of them said, “Alright, let me lock up my desk and then we’ll go out for Happy Hour. You’re so bad Ana.”
I could not believe it. Could it really be her? What were the odds? This woman had the same name and she had the same scent as my mystery woman from lunch. Who was she meeting up with here?
I had to find out. This was my chance to put a name with a face. Not to be shallow but I hope that her beauty would be as fine as her voice. Ah, that voice is so soft, so feminine, so sultry, so seductive but yet also so earnest. I have been unable to get that voice out of my head for the past week. It has haunted me when I am asleep a dim shadowy image that I cannot seem to make out. I can’t imagine what she would look like. Does she have short or long hair? Does she have dark or light color hair? Does she have dark or light color eyes? I’ve got to know her and I’ve got to meet her to put an end to this mystery.
I hurried around the corner only to find a group of men and women congregating in front of a conference room. She couldn’t have been part of that group. They all looked too tensed and in deep discussion with one another.
I skimmed the main hallway and saw a pair of sexy legs crossing into the elevator before it closed. “Damn!” I muttered. That had to be her. They were already headed downstairs and there was no way that I would know what floor they would exit off of. Unless I have my Security Team observe the monitors and detect what floor that elevator stop at. Hmm...I pondered at that thought for a moment while I summoned my private elevator car by swiping my key fob against the panel on the wall nearby the bank of elevators. I opted not to get my Security Team involve since I had no detailed information that I could provide to them to assist me with my quest for this woman. It is after all five pm and rush hours were in full swing. The elevators would be full of employees and guests leaving and heading home for the day.
In a matter of a minute, my private elevator car opened. This was one of the many features that were cool about my building. I could override any elevator by using my key fob and call for an empty elevator and go to any level without any disruption. At this time of the day, it comes in handy to have my own private lift to come and go as I please. I stepped inside the open compartment and hit ‘L’ button for the lobby in hope of locating her and her friends down there.
My ride down to the lobby was peaceful and serene. That all ended once the elevator ding and opened to the bustling entrance hall. I stepped out of the elevator and walked to the middle of the lobby surveying the activity of people. As I stood there scoping out the scenery a security guard approached and greeted me, “Good evening, Mr. Scott. Is there anything I can help you with?”
I shook my head, “No thanks. I’m just trying to find someone.”
“Okay sir. If you need me just nod I’ll be right over there,” he said pointing toward the security reception area.
“Hmm...” I said with a nod. After looking around I grasped at the idea that this was going to be a lot more arduous than I thought it would be. How the hell am I supposed to know who they were? The traffic in this lobby was absurd. I had no idea it was this busy down here at this time of the day. I took a deep breath and raked my fingers through my hair. Maybe I should try looking for them at one of the bars. They were going out for Happy Hour. I might have better luck finding them there then just standing here in the lobby.
I ambled my way through the lobby and exit the building through the glass doors. I’ll go to the Sunset Blue Bar since it was the closest bar to the building.
I stepped into Sunset Blue Bar and it was jammed packed. It was very obvious that this place was a happening joint for Happy Hour. I rarely come here during Happy Hour since I’m always at some other function at this time of the day. The bartender Steve waived me over when he saw me entering the bar. I was grateful that he slid me a beer. “Hey, what are you doing here at this time of the day? Ain’t it a little early for you?”
“Yeah, just a bit. I’m just trying to find someone.” I said, and then took a sip of my beer. I looked around the bar and scoping the place out.
Steve nodded, “Anyone I know…what’s her name? Maybe I can help you out?”
I started to say, “An...” then I heard someone called my name. I spun around and there was a pretty young woman in a fitted bright red dress with long dark wavy brown hair and big round brown eyes waving at me. She was making her way toward me squeezing tightly through the crowd.
“Excuse me...excuse me. Thank you. Excuse me,” she said. Once she arrived by my side, she let out a huge sigh and gave me an enormous devilish grin. She leaned over and rubbed her voluptuous breasts against my arm. She whispered closely to my earlobe, “Hello Connor, have you missed me?”
I knew then that whatever I had planned was going to be thrown out the window. I grabbed the bottle neck of my beer and tipped it back to my mouth for a gulp then I gazed at those mounds of flesh that were pressed against my arm. I didn’t bother looking up knowing that she enjoyed watching me admired her beauty. “Hello Sara. My...my...don’t your girls look perky today?” I said with a cocky mischievous smirk.
“They got even perkier when I saw you,” she teased back. She cleared her throat to get my attention, “Connor, this is my friend Joyce.”
I extended my hand, “Nice to meet you...friend?” I arched a brow; I was baffled by the introductory of their relationship. Sara nodded. “She not related to you?” I asked. This woman Joyce could have passed as Sara’s twin or sister. Maybe not identical but definitely could have passed as a twin. Their facial features were so similar oval shape face, long dark wavy brown hair, big round brown eyes and curvy bodice. Joyce was even wearing a similar dress as Sara except it was in black. Hmm?
The women giggled and Sara shook her head and responded in a very girlish voice, “No. She not related at all. It’s just by pure luck that we look like each other. No family relationship whatsoever.” Sara said. “She just visiting...and...um...” she leaned in a little closer and whispered, “Is totally into you too...” I chuckled. Good to know that her so called ‘friend’ was interested in me too. “Wanna have some fun? Together...with us?” she bit her lower lip waiting for my reply. I glanced over and saw Joyce batting her eyelashes and licking her upper lips.
Like I said...whatever I had planned was going to be thrown out the window. I tried to be cool about it. My expression never changed but shit who was I kidding two hot women wanting a ménage a trios that was kind of hard to pass up on. I’m more of mono-a-mono type of guy but every now and then I do make an exception and tonight might be one of them. “Well, you know that I’m not really into that kind of thing...but...maybe we can have you two go at it and then we can see where it goes from there.”
“Okay, Connor baby. Whatever you say we’ll do,” Sara crooned and strokes the side of my hair. “Whatever you say. You dictate and we will follow. We’re ready whenever you are.”
We stayed at the bar and had another round of drinks. Then I lifted the beer bottle to my mouth and knocked back the rest of it. I fished out a hundred dollar bill from my wallet and handed it to the bartender, “Hey Steve, thanks man. See you around,” I said.
“Yeah man. See you soon and good luck.” Steve said with a vast grin plastered on his face.
I tipped my chin back at him, wrapped my arm around Sara and extended my other hand to Joyce to hold onto as I escorted them out of the bar.
Chapter 5
Anatashia
After shopping all afternoon, Hope and I decided to swing by Tabitha’s office and grab her for Happy Hour. Tabitha York is one of my dearest friends. I met her a few years ago when we had worked together at an IT company right after college. Since we were both newbies at the company, they had tasked us to work together on a special project. In other words, we were doing all the crappy and grunt work that no one else wanted to do. The work was not all that thrilling but it did help us bond and forged our friendship with each other. About a year later, Tabitha moved on to work for Scott Enterprises and she has remained there ever since.
We headed to Sunset Blue Bar since it was the closes bar by Tabitha’s office. Located downtown in the Financial District, this swanky hip bar was always busy especially during Happy Hour. The scenery is modern but yet chic, the food and drinks were phenomenal, and the service was impeccable. This bar tends to draw a more upscale clientele especially a lot of young professionals that worked in the area.
We luckily arrived right before the crowd rushed in for Happy Hour. We were able to get a table on a raised platform near the bar. It gave us one of the best views of the place and one of greatest locations to people watch. Even for a Monday evening this placed was packed. There was no lack of business happening up in here.
“I just got a text from Sam and she’s on her way. She doesn’t want us to order her drink yet since she might get stuck in traffic. I’m going to go to the restroom. I’ll be right back.” Tabitha said.
Hope and I nodded as Tabitha rose from her seat, “We’ll be right here. Do you want your usual? White wine?” I asked.
“Yes please,” Tabitha said then she squeezed her way through the crowd to the ladies restroom.
Hope flagged down a server and placed our orders. We hardly had to wait when our server came back to the table with our drinks. Hope and I reached for our drinks and then we leaned back into our seats scoping out the scenery. It wasn’t long before Hope nudged me and tipped her head up toward the bar.
“Do you see what I see?” Hope queried.
“Umm…nice…very nice.” I said as I took a sip of my Moscato wine and sighed appreciatively. I turned to look at Hope and gave her a cheeky smile. Then we both turned our attention back to the very handsome man at the bar.
I was absolutely enjoying the view this evening. This man was truly stunning, so incredibly good-looking. He was taking my breath away just by watching him. For some reason, I don’t know what it was, I just couldn’t seem to look away. I was completely transfixed by him and butterflies were fluttering in my belly.
Hope nudged me again, “I think you should go for this one,” she bit her lower lip, “he is umm...umm...umm...you might have better luck with him,” she teased.
“Huh? Are you kidding?” I turned and gaped at her as if she had grown an extra head.
“Okay, who are we checking out?” Tabitha said as she returned back to our table. She followed our gaze toward the bar. “OMG...” she muttered.
“What? What’s the matter?” I asked.
Tabitha fidgeted and adjusted her seat so that she wasn’t facing directly toward the bar. “That’s my boss.”
Hope jerked up and leaned forward in her seat, “What?! Where?!”
Tabitha tipped her chin up and tilted sideways toward the bar, “There...him.”
Hope and I glanced at the bar then back at her. “What? That’s your boss?” Hope cried out, “You never told us that he was hot. You just always bitched about him being a jerk.”
“Shh...keep your voices down. I don’t want him to hear us,” Tabitha whispered.
Hope waived her hand dismissively at Tabitha, “Pfft, he can’t hear us. He’s all the way across the room. Besides it’s too noisy in here.”
“Okay, fine. Just...don’t speak too loudly. I don’t want him to accidentally overhear us.” Tabitha peeped back up at the bar and shook her head. “Well...he’s not really my boss. He’s my boss’s boss. I just can’t believe he’s here. That’s all.” Tabitha said as she lifted her white wine to her lips.
“Hello girls. What are we gabbing about?” Sam inquired as she set her purse down onto her chair. She leaned over and greeted each of us with a hug and kiss on the cheek.
Sam is one of my dearest friends. She is otherwise known as Samantha Young. She likes to be called ‘Sam’ but only by those whom she is very fond of. I met Sam years ago through my dorm mates when were back in college and have remained steadfast friends ever since.
“Oh, we’re just admiring that hot stud over at the bar who just happens to be Tabitha’s boss.” Hope said.
“Ah...oh my...isn’t he gorgeous?” Sam crooned then turned to Tabitha and asked, “And...you’re not tapping that?”
With her jaw gaped wide open Tabitha shook her head, “No!”
“Damn! That’s a shame. If I got to look at that all day...umm...” Sam bit her lower lip, “I wouldn’t be able to get any work done except for spreading my legs wide open across his desk or something.” Sam said while flagging down a server.
We all busted out into laughter. Leave up to Sam to say the darndest things that we all were thinking but have yet to say.
The server appeared beside our table to take Sam’s order. “Good evening, what can I get for you?” our server asked.
Sam was tapping her fingers to her lips as she decided what she wanted to order, “Umm...I’ll have a Honeysuckle and an order of Spicy Tuna Tartare for us to share.” She turned to look at us, “Ladies, would you like anything else?”
We all shook our heads, “I think that’ll be it then. Thank you.” Sam said. Our server gave us a broad smile and a curt nod before she strolled away to take care of Sam’s order.
“So...Tabitha...what’s the deal with your boss? Is he single or what?” Sam queried.
Tabitha shrugged her shoulders and spoke softly, “He’s not my boss. He’s my boss’s boss. I hardly ever see the man around the office. Maybe once in a blue moon at a meeting but that’s it. I don’t ever interact with him.” She glanced toward the bar to look at him then back at us. “From what I hear around the office, he’s quite a womanizer a real ladies man. He goes through them like a drive-thru. He’s very single...never been married and I don’t think he has any intention on getting tied down to any kind of relationship. I’ve never seen him outside of the office before. This was the first time I’ve ever seen him outside of work...”
We were leaning in and staring at Tabitha intently as she was telling us about her boss’s boss. Something had gotten Tabitha’s attention since she stopped mid sentence of her story. We all turned to gaze at what had caught her interest.
“Oh my...” I murmured. Tabitha was right. He was quite a womanizer, there were two women rubbing themselves all over him at the bar. They were very attractive and looked like...twins? A Double Spearmint gum commercial came into my mind...the jingle ‘A double pleasure waiting for you, double fresh, double smooth, double delicious to chew, a double pleasure waiting for you…’ I shook my head and pushed that thought aside. No time for that kind of silliness right now.
I continued to stare at them, amazed at how much flirting was going on over there. I wouldn’t be surprised if he decided to leave with those women. One of them was literally throwing herself at him. Her hoo-haas were spilling over the top of that so called dress that she had on. Damn! I will have to admit she did look fabulous in it. And I was just a tad jealous of her wishing that it was me rubbing up on him right then.
Hope picked up her drink to take a sip of it then Sam prodded her elbow for a sip of it too since she still hadn’t receive her drink yet. “Damn! He’s good...he’s really good.” Hope mumbled.
Sam twirled around to look at Tabitha, “Are you sure you don’t want to tap that since you’re not at work?”
Tabitha shook her head side to side and eyes wide opened, “No way! Are you insane? I don’t date people that I work with. Never have and never will. Never mix business with pleasure. Business 101.” Hope and Sam gave her an arched brow which she dismissed, “Yeah...Okay, he is gorgeous and all but I love my job way too much for any kind of office fling. Who’s to say that if I fucked him; he won’t fuck me to the unemployment line? Uh-uh, no way Jose...that is so not happening,” Tabitha pointed a finger at herself, “This chick loves her job waaaay too much for that.”
We all snickered at her knowing that if she was really given an opportunity to be with him, she would jump him like white on rice. She would fuck him even if it meant that he would fuck her to the unemployment line. But since he is her boss’s boss and he hasn’t noticed her by now, she would probably never act on it.
Our server finally arrived with our appetizer and Sam’s drink, “One Honeysuckle and an order of Spicy Tuna Tartare. Here are your plates and utensils.” She let out a big sigh and then asked, “Anything else, ladies?”
We all shook our heads, smiled at our server and said our thank you.
“Nope. I think we’re good for now,” I said. Our server smiled back at us before walking away.
Sam raised her drink in the air, “Ladies...to Tabitha’s boss’s boss,” then she passed her drink around for us to taste. This has been our tradition for the longest time. Sam always ordered a drink that has some kind of sexual innuendo to it. When the drink arrives she’ll make a general toast of some sort regarding our conversation at hand then she’ll pass the drink around for each of us to taste.
Some of the drinks that I’ve tried were not that bad and then there were some that were just downright nasty. There was nothing sexual about those drinks except for their name. I shivered at the thought of it as it gave me a reminder of my latest date now known as Mr. Funk-a-Munk. Before sampling the drink, I took a deep breath and prayed that it wouldn’t taste awful and give me a flashback of the sour and unknown taste from Mr. Funk - a - Munk.
Sam must have noticed my hesitation, “What’s up babe? Just try it. This one is good. I think you’ll like it. It’s on the sweeter side.” I gave her a grim smile and took a sip of the drink. “Good, right?” she asked. I nodded in agreement. I was so grateful that it was somewhat savory and not foul or disgusting. “I knew you would like it,” she said.
“I think she was worried that it would taste funny like Mr. Funk-a-Munk from Saturday night.” Hope chimed in with a gasped of laughter.
I narrowed my eyes and stuck out my tongue at her hating the fact that she knew me so well and knew what I was just thinking about.
“Oh...do tell...” Tabitha and Sam rang in unison as if in Dolby stereo.
I rolled my eyes and breathed out a heavy sigh before telling them about my latest date from Saturday night. After sharing my story about Mr. Funk-a-Munk, they were all snorting and guffawing over it. Finding my sense of humor, I laughed right along with them regardless of the horrific date. It was a pretty humorous situation.
Hope swiped the tears rolling down her cheeks as she was laughing and leaning on Sam. “This story will never get old for me. I’ve heard it twice now and it was funny then just as it is now. OMG! Fucking hilarious...” she said. Hope waved and patted her hand to her chest in an effort to stop laughing, “I think she should give him a try,” Hope threw her head in the direction of the bar.
Sam and Tabitha gaped at me and nodded fervently as if an epiphany had hit them. “Yes!” They shouted. “You should totally go for it.” Sam said.
I looked at all of them as if they were insane. My eyes must have popped out of its sockets like one of those cartoon characters. “What?! Are you guys’ nuts? I have no chance with him. He’s completely out of my league. I’m not pretty enough.”
They all turned and looked back at me with bulging eyes, as if it came out of their sockets, “Please tell me you that you do not really believe that?” Hope countered, “You are by far one of the prettiest people I know. Shit. If you consider yourself out of his league and not pretty enough, then what the fuck are we? The goddamn ugly ducklings?”
I reached out and gently squeezed her hand. My lips smiled into a thin line. I knew Hope was being sincere when she said that but regardless of what she had just said I knew deep down inside that he would not be interested in me. He was in a league of his own and I was nowhere near close to it.
“I agree with Hope. You are stunningly gorgeous inside and out. You’ve always been so modest about your looks. Girl, you just have no idea how beautiful you really are. You’re like...Aphrodite and he’s like...Adonis. And if anyone should hook up it should be the two of you.” Sam reached out for her drink and swallowed down the last bit of it. She then returned her gaze back on me, “Now...don’t get me wrong. I’m not saying that we are fugly or anything because we are not. We are no where close to being fucking ugly. In matter of fact, we’re pretty hot...” Sam pointed her finger at Hope, Tabitha and herself. “I know that we are all beautiful and attractive but you...you, my dear...well, you’re just fucking gorgeous. You just don’t believe that right now because of what that fuckwit-fucktard Frank did to you. He’s so lucky that I haven’t seen him since you two have broken up. I would have just kicked him in his gonads so hard that he would never be able to procreate in this lifetime What an effing prick he turned out to be? You just need to go out with someone like him and have a tumble in the sheets and you’ll be good to go. Your game will be back on.”
I placed my right hand over my chest as I gave a soft chortle and a grimace smile at them, “I love you guys...you know that...right? You’re the best.” I said, as I leaned back into my seat and crossing my legs over each other. I wondered how lucky I was for having such fantastic friends. “You know...with my luck he’ll have a small crooked penis or something.”
We all giggled then Sam said, “You might want to take that back. Don’t judge a book by its cover. You might be surprised by what you’ll find on the inside.” She winked at me and gave us that deviant wicked smile of hers.
“Yeah...the small crooked penis,” I retorted. My comment caused another round of laughter. Then I looked up and noticed Tabitha’s boss’s boss was leaving with those two attractive women. He had one of them tucked and wrapped in his arm while holding hands with the other one.
I jerked my chin up and prodded it toward his direction, “Well, ladies, it doesn’t seem like I’ll have to be concerned about taking a tumble in the sheets with him. He’s going to be pretty busy tumbling the sheets with them.”
“Another round?” I asked, while waving my index finger up to indicate the number one and then motioning it in a circle around us letting our server know that we needed another round of drinks. Our server nodded as an acknowledgement of my request.
All four of us wistfully sighed in unison as we just sat there and gawked at them as they exited the bar. A part of me was relieved at the prospect of not meeting him but another part of me was completely envious of those women wishing that I was the one tucked and wrapped in his arms.
Tabitha called out, “Hey, maybe it’s best that you didn’t get a chance with him. He is my boss’s boss after all and if things didn’t work out with you two. Well...he can still take it out on me by sending me to the fucking unemployment line and I didn’t even get to fucking enjoy it.”
We all cackled at her comment but she did have a valid point there. If I did hook up with him and things didn’t pan out, then she could be the one that would get chastised by her association with me.
We all gave our gratitude to our server as she returned with another round of drinks.
“I think that we all need to agree that no one...I mean, none of us will ever get together with him as long as Tabitha remains working there.” Sam said. We all nodded in agreement and clinked our glasses together as we each took a sip of our drink to seal the deal.
“Oh, I’ve got something to tell you,” Tabitha screeched out, as she poked me in the shoulder. I rubbed my shoulder which Tabitha totally dismissed then said, “I can’t believe I forgot to mention this earlier. I’ve got a date for you for this Saturday night.”
I frowned at her. My face grimaced with fear about going on a blind date, “Umm...I’m not sure if that’s going to be a good idea. Have you seen the kind of luck I’ve had lately?”
“Yeah, that’s why this one will work. I know him and he’s really great. I think that you’ll get along with him just fine.” Tabitha continues, “He already knows what you look like. He’s seen you, like twice now or something.”
“What?! How?! That’s not fair if he knows what I look like and I have no clue what he looks like.” I whined. “Besides, if he is so great,” I make quotation marks in the air, “why aren’t you dating him?”
“I can’t. I told you, I don’t date co-workers. It’s a huge faux pas for me,” she shook her head. “He saw you a couple of times when you came and met me at work. He has the hot’s for you but he didn’t have the courage to say anything until the other day when he saw you come by again to meet up with me. Anyway, you’re on for Saturday night. I gave him your cell phone number and he’ll be calling you about the date. Be nice!” Tabitha said with a wink.
“Ugh...fine...” I grumbled and rolled my eyes at her.
Chapter 6
Connor
My head is pounding like a jackhammer, my eyelids are heavy as I try open them to adjust my eyes to a darkened room. Fuck! Where the fuck am I? I try to look around but it so damn dark in here. The only light that I could see was from the bottom of the door frame spilling in from the other room. And even then the light was still dim.
Suddenly, something shifted beside me and I looked over to see what it was...A shadowy shape of a woman with her arm stretched across my torso. Then I discovered another body pressed up against me on the other side. I was womenwich...sandwich between two very naked women. Damn! What the fuck happened? How in the hell did I end up here in bed with two fucking women. Fuck...fuck...fuck! I can’t seem to remember everything. It’s all so hazy to me. I vaguely recalled what happened last night but I am also weary and thinking that maybe this is still a dream somehow. I know it’s not since I felt their naked flesh rubbing up against me.
I tried sliding out of the bed undetected and unnoticed which got a little tricky. I had to maneuver my body and shift my weight a certain way to slip out from being wrapped between the two of them. I’m not a small guy at all. As a matter of fact, I’m a burly and brawny kind of guy: six feet three inches and weighing two hundred forty five pounds of solid muscle. No matter which way I moved the bed was bound to shift and I risked possibly waking them up. Whether they woke up or not, I needed to get the heck of out there.
This was such a fucking mistake. I shouldn’t have come here. I shouldn’t have been with her. Fuck...Sara, she’s the one that got me into this mess. Her and her toxic fucking pussy which I’m guessing I didn’t deny last night.
I glanced around the room hoping to see a clock and what time it was. No chance on that since the room was still incredibly dark.
I crawled around and found some clothing articles, an undershirt, a dress shirt, a pair of pants, and a pair of shoes, which I hoped all belonged to me. I quickly slipped them on before exiting the room. I knew the shirt wasn’t mine since it was exceptionally tight and I felt the seams ripping. With hardly any effort, I could have been The Incredible Hulk by flexing my muscles and the undershirt would have shredded into pieces just like in the movie. However, finding another undershirt was the least of my concerns at that moment. I wore what I had on. I just need to be somewhat dressed before I left that place. I know that I’ve got the dress shirt, pants and shoes correct since they all seemed to fit me just fine. As for my underwear, I couldn’t possibly know where the hell that was so I’m going to go commando. Which was no big deal since it’s not the first time that I’ve done that. Letting my boys breath freely every now and then is a good thing. It’s free and liberating to let them hang loose.
I grabbed the door handle and gently turned it to open the door. A creaky sound drifted from the hinges into the silence of the early wee hours. I cursed inwardly hoping that the noise did not wake the women up. I heard a slight rustling swish of the bed sheets wondering if they were now awake. I briefly glanced back over my shoulder to see that they were still asleep. They were just now cuddling up to each other. I shook my head, amazed at what had transpired tonight.
As I stepped outside of the bedroom and into the dimly lit living room, I snatched my jacket hanging off of the back of the sofa. I slid it on and checked the contents of the jacket’s inside pockets. I was pleased that my smartphone and wallet were still there.
I tiptoed my way toward the front door, the wooden floors squeaked ever so lightly upon my weight. I swear it felt like an eternity before I reached the small foyer. As I twisted the handle on the door, I heard the bed coils spring to life. Fuck! They woke up. I hurried and bolted out of the apartment. I ran down the hallway to the bank of elevators. I pressed the button to call the elevator to the tenth floor but it took too long. I saw the Exit sign all lit up in red next to the elevators, I departed through that doorway and ran down the stairs until I reached the lobby.
Once I exited Sara’s apartment relief flooded over me knowing that I had escaped my womenwich situation. I’m probably acting like a fucking pussy right now for sneaking off the way that I did but I just didn’t want to be there when they wake up and mislead them with another round of sexcapade. It was best that I left this way then there was no misunderstanding; I would just be considered the one night stand guy. Well...I wasn’t the one-night stand guy at least not with Sara. With her I was the multiple night’s guy...which I didn’t want to be...at least not with her. I raked my fingers through my hair and scrubbed the top of my head a few times. Man, I screwed things up. Hooking up with Sara again was a bad idea. I shook my head. I don’t know what I was thinking which was pretty obvious since I allowed the wrong head to be thinking last night.
I let out an arduous sigh as I switched my smartphone on to call my driver to come and pick me up. Except nothing happened...I pressed the round button with a square shape outlined in white hoping that it will turn on my smartphone and still nothing. I stared at the phone and tried powering it once again. “Damn! What the hell is wrong with you?” I growled at it only to realize that the battery was completely drained and it needed to be charged. FUCK!!!
I started walking hoping that I can hail a cab but at this hour of the morning the odds were highly unlikely since this is a residential street. I’ll have to keep strolling along until I hit a main road then maybe I might be in luck with catching a cab there.
What time is it right now? I have no idea but I know that it’s still pretty early in the morning since the sun hasn’t quite risen yet. The sky is still dark but a very light subtle hint of orange, yellow and pink is lingering on the horizon as the sun is set to rise not long from now but just not yet.
I continued to walk along the sidewalk of the residential neighborhood taking in the different landscapes of the various homes. I don’t think I’ve ever noticed how nice this neighborhood really was until now. I’m actually enjoying strolling through this area. It’s quite tranquil and peaceful. It’s helping me with the blistering headache that I still have. I haven’t been able to enjoy this type of serenity outside of my home in quite awhile. Only within the confines of my penthouse am I able to find such solace high above the sky isolated and untouchable from the world.
Various hues of the morning sun were peeking over the horizon. Glorious shades of pink and orange ripped across the sky. Man, what a spectacular view! It’s so beautiful. Before I knew it I had reached the main road that intersects with the residential street that I was on. There were several cars zooming passed me signaling the beginning of rush hour traffic. I still haven’t seen a cab to hail so I continue sauntering my way down the main road. I’m not too far from my office now…another five to six blocks then I will be there.
I hadn’t intended on arriving to the office so early but it’s a lot closer than walking the rest of the way home. From there I could have my driver take me home. On a typical day, I could’ve jogged to my penthouse without any problems but jogging in dress shoes and a suit would not be idealistic today. I smiled as I closed in on the distance of my office building. The tinted glass windows surrounded by solid steel structure with Scott Enterprises branded on the front of the building looked prominent along the Financial District. It gleamed nicely against the morning sun.
I stopped at the coffee shop since they were now opened. As I stepped through the front door, I heard “Large Caffe Americano” shouted out by Haylie, the cashier. When I reached the coffee counter, Haylie greeted me with such peppiness and smiled so cheekily, “Good morning, Connor! Wow! Early start today, huh?”
I smiled back and nodded at her which probably just made her day. How can anyone be so giddy this early in the morning? Maybe it’s all the caffeine that she’s been drinking. Hmm...I could tell she was nervous of my presence since she just stood there and gawked at me. I seemed to have that affect on women. I barely have to look at them and they’re all ready to drop at my feet and be at my beck and call. This was why I had no desire in being in a relationship with anyone. One nighters were all that seemed to hold my interest these days.
“I’ll take a blueberry muffin, too,” I said, but she just stared and stood there in a daze.
Oh hell! Just give me my damn muffin and coffee so I can be on my way. She’s a nice girl but that’s about it. She would never entertain me long enough to maintain my interest.
“Haylie?” Someone...another barista belted out.
“Oh...what?” Haylie said, after blinking a couple of times.
I repeated my order to her as she profusely apologized for not hearing me. She handed me my coffee and bake goods then whispered, “I gave you an extra blueberry muffin for the inconvenience.”
“Thank you but I don’t need it,” I bit out and handed back the blueberry muffins. Haylie shook her head and shoved it back my way. She insisted that I take them. “Alright, since you insist. Thank you.” I said.
After leaving the coffee shop, I headed back to my office and strode through the grand marble lobby. I proceeded straight to the elevators after waiving to the security guards. I pulled out my key fob to swipe the panel against the wall to call for the elevator. In less than a minute the elevator car arrived and opened. I stepped inside, pressed the sixty-fifth button and ascended to the floor of my office. Ahh...finally, I could get a quick catnap then I’ll have my driver take me home.
“Good morning, Maggie,” I nodded, when I saw her getting situated at her desk. She gasped and smiled at me as I approached her.
“Oh my...did I miss the memo of you coming in early today?” Maggie queried, and then her brows knitted together with concern as I came closer to her, “Are you okay, Mr. Scott? You look somnolent...your eyes...they’re so bloodshot. Did you not get any rest at all last night?”
I gave her a half of smile and responded, “Don’t you worry about me. I’ll be fine. Just a throbbing headache...nothing I can’t handle. I’m going to lie down in my office for a little while. Call me if you need something.” Maggie didn’t say anything else. She just gave me slight nod but I can tell she wasn’t satisfied with my reply. She couldn’t help that she’s a worry-wart, I’m guessing it’s the motherly nature June Cleaver inside of her to do so. She has always thought of me as her son on some level since I’ve been there for her when her husband passed away a few years back. “And Maggie, here is a blueberry muffin for you. That girl from the coffee shop gave me an extra one even though I didn’t want it.”
“An extra one, huh? That doesn’t surprise me. You probably made her day just showing up there looking all weary and rugged. You’re still a handsome lad.” Maggie said with a wink. “Now, go get some rest,” she commanded.
* * *
After taking a quick nap, I rose from the mocha brown leather sofa in my office and stretched my limbs. Damn! I still felt exhausted as if a freight train had hit me. My body was still sore and that headache was still there throbbing, pounding and pulsating against my temples. I knew it was sunny when I had walked to my office this morning. I recalled my eyes squinting but I didn’t think that would cause this type of headaches.
I strode over to my desk and sat down in the leather chair. I pressed the button under the desk; it opened the door to my office and retracted the heavily blue smoked tinting over the glass walls that provides extreme privacy of the office.
A knock sounded at the doorway, “So, you are alive...I thought I would have to call Search and Rescue on your ass.” Henri said in a French accent, as he marched toward me, “Fichu! You looked like shit. Go home. Why are you still here?”
Henri Chevalier is one of my closest friends. Actually, I consider him the brother I never had. My parents had enrolled our family in an International Student Exchange program where a family hosts a student from another country. The family opens their home to them and help them learn about the American culture.
Henri and I met during my sophomore year back in high school. We became steadfast friends since we were close in age and had lots of things in common. I would show him the American culture and he would show me the French way with the girls. I remembered back in high school the girls would flock to him like a moth to a flame. They were enthralled by his good looks and French accent. He had them swooning all over him and that was a plus for me since I was his best pal. Henri was just a bit taller, stockier and more muscular built than I was back then. I didn’t look bad; I wasn’t a scrawny wimpy kid. I was just leaner, average height for boys my age and a little above average looking.
It wasn’t until the summer of my senior year in high school that I had a massive growth spurt. My parents took me on a serious shopping spree and replaced every article of clothing in my closet when school started since everything I owned was too short or too tight on me. The growth spurt enhanced my masculine features...they were more defined everywhere and surfaced to the forefront from head to toe. Now, I was as tall as Henri. By the time we went away to college, I was even taller than him. It was like someone stuck me in a capsule like the one in Captain America and switched the button on transforming wimpy Steve Rogers to hunky super soldier. I went from an average size boy to a full grown man.
Some people even thought that I did steroids which was absurd since I loathe any type of drug use. Never have liked them and never will.
Henri and I were caddy boys at the country club the summer of our senior year and that had helped us bulked up massively. We were lugging around those heavy-ass golf bags. It doesn’t seem all that heavy at first but after walking several hours and eighteen holes later you are bound to build some muscle mass. Henri and I would work at least five days a week and caddy at least two to three times a day. We always asked to caddy the club members that didn’t want to ride their golf carts. Otherwise, it kind of defeated our efforts in getting fit and bulking up naturally.
Before you know it, we had girls going goo-goo-ga-ga over the two of us. They would let us do anything and everything to them. It was zany the amount of pussy that was offered to us. These girls were offering themselves up on a platter. Here we were two horny teenage boys who had an uncontrollable appetite for sex and we had an endless amount of pussy to feast upon. I don’t think we ever turned down a girl back then. It was for our conquest to have as much as we could...for pleasure, amusement, knowledge and experience.
By the time, we went to college we were very...very familiar with the female anatomy and what brought them to their knees. We knew how to gratify and fulfill their every desire while most boys were just fumbling about glad to just break their virginity and poking their Johnson at any and every opening but not knowing what to really do with it. Of course, Henri and I never had that problem...let’s just say that we were known as the Sex Sensei in college on different sides of the world.
My parents continued to participate in the International Student Exchange program so that Henri could come back every year and stay with our family. After high school, Henri attended college abroad while I continued with my education at Harvard. We kept in touch of course throughout the years and remained great friends. Now, Henri is a very successful, renowned surgeon and highly respected in the medical industry. He comes to town several times a year for business and gives lectures on publications that he has written.
When he is here, he typically stays with me...”Fichu” translated means “Damn”. is right translation Damn...I forgot he was coming to town.
“When did you get here? Last night?” I asked.
Henri nodded.
“Ugh...fichu! Sorry, man, I totally forgot. Where did you stay?” I inquired.
“At the Ritz-Carlton...no worries, qui...yes?” He shrugged his shoulder, “I was just worried about you since I called and called and you did not answer. It is not like you to not take my call, qui?” Henri said.
I nodded, “Qui. I would’ve taken your call but my phone die. Oh shit! My phone...I forgot to charge it.” I ran over to where my jacket had laid on the mocha brown leather sofa and I retrieved my smartphone, “Let me plug this in before I forget about again, qui?” I said. Henri nudged his chin up toward me. This was his way of nodding and agreeing with me.
“So, my friend...” Henri stated with his thick French accent, “You going to tell me what happened last night or do I have to guess...” He plopped down into a seat in front of my desk. Henri crossed his leg by resting one foot across the opposite knee. He leaned his elbows on the chair arms and intertwined his fingers as his thumbs tapped against each other. He gave me a roguish grin that I would have liked to smack off of his face if he wasn’t one of my best buds. He cleared his throat waiting for me to reply. “Who is she? I know it would have to be a she. It is the only way that you would have forgotten about me coming to town, qui? Did you have an all nighter?” He paused a moment and then continued, “I hate to tell you this but you look like...merde...shit my friend. She must have done a number on you, qui?”
I gave him back the same exact roguish smirk that he had given me and nodded, “It wasn’t just a she...” Henri quirked a brow with interest. I knew what he was thinking and I wasn’t going to give him the answered he sought at least not yet.
“Quoi...what? No, no, you mean...you, her and someone else? A ménage a trios...a threesome with another mec...guy?” Henri crinkled his face in disgust and shook his head, “Non...no, I cannot believe that you would do something like that.” I couldn’t help but chuckle. He was so gullible at times that’s why I resisted telling him what happened. “Ahh...you piece of merde...shit! You are yanking on my chain right now.”
“Sorry man, I couldn’t help it...that’s what you get for badgering me so early in the morning. Qui...yes. I had a ménage a trios but with deux femmes...two women. It was good...I think. To be honest...” I paused a moment to rub my temples since my head was still throbbing and pounding like a jackhammer had gone at it. The pain was still there but ached a little bit less from early this morning but it was. “I don’t remember all that much. I remember bit and pieces of last night... a glimpse of here and there...naked bodies intertwining with each other almost as if it was a dream. There was a lot of moaning and groaning going on but for the fine details...I have to admit, I a little baffled by it all.”
Henri got up from his seat and strolled over to me. “Sit back and let me look at you,” he bent down and tipped my head back. He placed his thumb and index finger around my eyes and pushed my lids opened. “Merde...shit! I think you’ve been drugged. Your pupils are so huge they are like the size of grapes,” he tapped my shoulder, “Wait, here. I’m going to get something out of the car and I’ll be right back.”
“Drugged?” I screeched.
“Qui...yes! Just wait, I’ll be right back.” Henri nodded before heading out of my office.
I couldn’t fucking believe this...drugged?! Did those two wenches drugged me? They must have. It makes complete sense why I felt this shitty. I have never ever suffered anything like this before. And when? When in the hell did they slip me that drug? I tipped my head back resting it against the leather chair; I closed my eyes trying to recall last night sexcapade.
I remembered entering Sara’s apartment and giving commands to the women to touch, strip, stroke and kiss each other. My intent was just to sit back, watch and enjoy the show for lust and pleasure...kind of like my own personal porno movie. I wanted to watch and to capture the beauty of two women enjoying one another. I had no intention whatsoever to participate and I made that pretty clear to Sara and Joyce. Maybe that’s why those damn bitches drugged me. But when and how? It had to be when Sara came over and handed me a tumbler full of amber liquid.
Before I knew it, they were giving me lap dances and taking turns switching back and forth. I recalled Sara and Joyce swaying over me, hips gyrating steadily with the music. Sara would straddle my legs and stroked her sex slow and sensuous against my cock. Moments later, Joyce leaned into me clutching my shoulders to brace her body and rubbed her ass on my thighs. She rubbed her breasts against my chest. Then, I don’t remember much. After that, everything just seems hazy. I know that I had sex with them last night. It must have been one hell of a sexathon since my cock was still quite tender this morning.
I ran my fingers through my hair and yanked at it. Fuck! I can’t believe they drugged me. Wait until I get a hold of Sara and her friend Joyce. I want answers, damn it! They will give them to me.
Henri returned carrying a black bag in his hand. He placed the black bag down on top of my desk and pulled out a needle. “My gut tells me that you’ve been drugged but one way to find out for sure is to draw your blood. Now, pull up your sleeve and make a fist.” He stuck the needle into my vein and drew three tubes of blood. “I’m sending this to the lab now and having it rushed. Hopefully, we will get the results back in a few hours. Meanwhile, you need to drink some juice and get some rest. Doctor’s orders.” He chortled and gave me a light slap on the back. “Come on, let’s go and take you home. I’ve got a car already waiting outside for us.”
Chapter 7
Anatashia
‘Running a little behind...will be there soon. xoxo – A =)’ I hit the send button on my cell phone sending a text message to Hope.
In a matter of seconds, my phone chimed back, ‘Ok. Do u want me to order u something?’ she text.
‘Sure. Same thing as last week, please. Blueberry Ice Tea with extra ice, Hog Heaven on a croissant with a side of honey mustard and sweet potato fries. Thank U! Mwah!!’ I texted back to her.
‘Got it! C U soon.’ She texted back.
Dag nabbit! What a heck of a morning it has been already and now I’m running around like a mad woman trying to make it to my weekly luncheon with Hope. I stepped a little further out to the edge of the sidewalk and extended my arm out to hail a taxi cab. I sighed with relief when a taxi cab quickly pulled up beside me. There was no way I could make it to the restaurant in these stilettos heels. “Where to lady?” The bearded, bald-headed cab driver gruffly asked.
Once I gave him the address to the restaurant he got me there in a matter of minutes. The cab fare cost a little bit more than I had intended to pay but it was totally worth it since it would have taken me forever to make it there by subway. “Just keep the change. Thank you and have a nice day.” I said, smiling back to the cab driver. He grumbled something under his breath that I couldn’t make out. I shrugged it off as I stepped out of his cab. I hoped that I had brightened up his day just a bit by giving him an extra tip. Even though I was having a crappy morning, if I can make someone else’s day a tad better then I would try.
I straightened my fitted pale pink pencil skirt and pale pink sheer silk blouse before entering the restaurant. “Oh...wow...” I muttered. They were jam packed like sardines in the waiting area. I pressed my way through the crowd toward the front bypassing the hostess stand. I didn’t need them to seat me since I knew exactly where we were sitting. I sashayed my way to our booth.
I let out a puff and blew at my bangs and beamed at the girls when I saw all of them in the booth. My day was getting better already. “Hey, I didn’t know you guys were going to join us today? What a nice surprise.” I cheerfully stated as Hope, Tabitha and Sam slid out of the booth to hug me.
“Yeah, we all wanted to know how your date went this past Saturday. Hope can’t always be the first to find out.” Sam taunted with a wink.
I chuckled. I was so happy to see my friends they mean everything to me and now they perked up my day. “Let’s order first before we go down that road. Shall we?”
“All taken care of babe. Remember? You texted it to me.” Hope uttered.
“Oh...that’s right. Yes. I did. I’ve just had a bad morning and totally forgot. Awesome. Thank you.” I replied back.
“Well...tell us...” Tabitha insisted, “I wanted to ask Brad today but he called in sick and since I didn’t hear back from you right away...I figured you guys must’ve really hit it off. Isn’t he just the nicest guy? Aren’t you so glad I set you up with him?”
I squirmed at the thought of my blind date with Brad. I frowned, scrunched my face together and shook my head at her. “Nope! He’s a nice guy an all but...not for me. Sorry.” I shrugged.
Our server brought and passed out our food to us. I had the hog heaven sandwich on a croissant with sweet potato fries. Tabitha had a classic caesar salad with grilled chicken. Sam opted for a crab cake sandwich with french fries. And Hope had her usual meal a turkey rueben on rye with swiss cheese and french fries.
Our server then refilled our drinks; mine was a blueberry ice tea. Tabitha’s drink was a peach ice tea. Hope had her traditional drink, an Arnold Palmer...more of Arnold and little less of Palmer. And Sam was drinking the restaurant’s specialty drink blueberry lemonade with fresh blueberry.
“What?!” Tabitha shrieked, “What happened? What do you mean...he’s not for you? He’s nice, he’s good-looking, he’s got a car, he’s got a house and he’s got a stable good paying job.” She held up her hand checking off each one of her fingers as she was calling out his attributes. “What more could you ask for?” Tabitha was dismayed and stared incredulously at me. You thought that I just took away her first born child or something. While Hope and Sam just sat there and watched the two of us in amusement.
“And...he’s got a weird...warped...crooked...looking dick.” I said, staring back at her. “Yup. You heard me. Weird looking...”
“What?” Tabitha’s screeched. Her jaw and eyes gaped wide open. She was trying to digest what I just said.
Meanwhile, Hope and Sam bellowed out into laughter. Hope leaned up against Sam as Sam slapped the table a couple of times while they both continued to chuckle. Our foods were bouncing around on the plates and drinks splashing all over the table. I had to nudged her to stop slapping the table and making a mess.
“Wow! Hitting third base with two guys two weeks in a row. I’m impressed that you got there so quickly with this guy. You didn’t even waste any time with him. You just went for it, huh? Good for you, sweetie. That’s the way to get back out there. You’re becoming more like Sam. Go get what you want.” Hope said with a cheekily smile.
I took a bite of my sandwich and a sip of my blueberry ice tea. Hope, Sam and Tabitha started eating their food as well. “Keep eating while I tell you what happened with the date last night.” I inhaled deeply then exhaled slowly. “Alright, we were supposed to go out on Saturday but he called Saturday afternoon and rescheduled it to last night. He sounded nervous but I didn’t think much of it at the time. But now...looking back...I know better: he was nervous so that’s why he wimped out on Saturday’s date. So, last night, I met up with him at this italian restaurant La Bella. Yes. I chose Italian this time. Not Japanese, not sushi.” I looked up and saw them all grinning at me from ear to ear. It was quite clear that they remembered what happened to me with sushi and Mr. Funk-a-Munk. “Honestly, the date went really well. We had a few things in common and since things were going well...I agreed to let him take us to a different place for dessert.” I turned to look at Tabitha, “You were right, Tab. He is a really nice guy.” I paused to take another bite of my sandwich.
“But...?” Hope interjected as she was chewed her food.
“But...it was toward the end of our date that it got a little freaky.” I said.
“How so?” Tabitha asked.
“After dessert he drove me home. Okay, this is where it got a little distorted.” I whispered. Hope, Sam and Tabitha stopped what they were doing and leaned in to hear what I had to say next. “He had asked me to close my eyes because he had a gift for me and wanted me to have it before our date was over. So, I did what he asked. When he gave me the okay to open them...” I shivered at the memory of what happened. Goose bumps popped up all over my body.
“Oh God, what? What was it?” Tabitha beseeched. “Tell us already…”
I quirked a brow and extended my arms to her, “See how it gave me the willies just thinking about it?! Do you all...really...want...to...know?” I asked glaring at all three of them. I wanted them to understand that I was asking them the same question, too. I knew that they were dying to hear what happened. I had to yank on their chain for just a bit since lately, it seems that my dating catastrophes were all at my expense.
“Yes!” They all yelled back.
I chortled at their response. They were all so anxious to hear what transpired. Hell if I was in their shoes the suspense would have gotten to me long before now and I would have forced it out of them already. “Alright, alright, chill out. I’ll tell you. Let me just finish my meal first.”
I had three pair of eyes glowering and shooting daggers at me. Six eyes...three pairs of them...all giving me stink eyes...yup! That’s exactly what I was getting from them. I laughed from within; it was such fun taunting all of them for a change. I finished off my sandwich and took another sip of my blueberry ice tea. I took my sweet time dabbing my lips and dusting off any crumbs that might have lingered on the side of my face. Then I gave them an upturn of my lips before continuing with last night events.
Before Sam could start saying something, I butt in and said, “He instructed me to open my eyes...and...when I did...he was staring at me with this wide obnoxious grin. And I was thinking okay…what? Then I glanced away from his head and saw the other head surfaced instead. It was odd...it caught me by surprise that was for sure. I mean we haven’t done anything all night not even holding hands. Then he decided to flash his Willy-Wonker at me. I wasn’t sure what he wanted me to do with that thing.”
Of couse, they all chuckled. “That was your gift?” Hope confirmed, she reached out and rubbed my back, “Please tell me you didn’t feel pressure to give him a...you know...” she fisted her hand jerking it up and down in front of her opened mouth, “a blow job.”
I giggled and shook my head, “No, no blow job.”
“A hand job, then?” Tabitha shrieked.
I shook my head again, “Nope, no hand job either. I was too frightened to touch that thing.”
“What? No hand job. No blow job. What was wrong with him that he couldn’t dick glamour you?” Sam asked.
“Dick glamour?” I tittered at her question.
“Yeah, dick glamour. If it was a good looking dick, then it would have glamour you...allured you...and you would be spellbound to ooh and ahh over it. Since, you didn’t give him a hand job or a blow job that tells me that something was wrong with it.” Sam cast her lips downward then shrugged her shoulders.
“Sam, you are totally right. I wasn’t dick glamour at all. Well, I might take that back...I might have been dick glamour but not for the same reason. His dick did capture my attention,” in a soft voice I asked, “Have you guys ever seen a curved dick before?”
“Yeah, plenty of times. Some of them have a slight curve to it. It’s no big thing...it still performs pretty good.” Sam answered in flippant way while she flicked her wrist as if it was no big deal.
I waived my hand at her, “I know that I haven’t seen as many as you have and I know some of them might have a slight curve to it but this one...Whoa, momma! It was different. I thought I was seeing things because it was dark and we were inside his car. If it wasn’t for the full moon shining so bright, I’m not sure that I would have gotten a good look at it. His dick wasn’t just slightly curved...it was curved, curved. It was angled upward at ninety degrees, saluting at me from high noon and it had an hourglass shape to it. To top it all off, it had a gargantuan birthmark on the tip of the head. It looked like Gorbachev on his cock. He didn’t just have one thing going on down there. There were three things...three things...” I started checking off each of my fingers, “Gorbachev on his cock...” I flicked up my thumb – checked, “hourglass shape...” I flicked up my index finger – checked, and “upward curved dick saluting me from high noon...” I flicked up my middle finger – checked. “Sorry, three strikes and he’s out. I thanked him for taking me out and asked him to never call me again. I hiked as fast as I could out of his car and into my apartment building.”
Speechless, they all just gaped at me in disbelief. Shocked, Tabitha had her hand over her mouth trying to recover hearing this juicy tidbit about her co-worker. Meanwhile, Hope just stared at me with this huge smirk. And Sam was tapping her index finger to her lips before asking, “So, let me see if I understand this correctly...he’s got a dick that is angling upward at ninety degree...saluting high noon you say...”
I nodded, wondering what in the world was going through her mind.
“Hmm...What size would you say it is? Small? Average? Large?” Sam continued her queries.
“Umm...I would say it would be between an average and a large. What are you thinking, little lady?” I asked. Looking back at her curiously, I wondered what she was thinking since it was obvious that the wheels were spinning in her little mind.
“Wait. What did you mean by an hourglass shape?” Hope asked looking quite baffled.
“Well...There’s like a waist formation around his shaft. Kind of like an indentation around the girth of it when it’s hard. Okay, just imagine an erect cock swelling where the base of it begins then the upper part of it just below the head of the cock also swelled up but the middle is squeezed and constricted looking. It was weird. Just a little too quirky for me.” I said.
Sam cleared her throat, “Ahem! I’m curious to see what an hourglass shape ninety degree angling upward dick can do. This could be a good thing. Just imagine if you fuck him from a certain position and it’s already angled the right way.” She rubbed her hands together, “Tabitha, I need to meet this guy and test out this dick.”
We all just busted out laughing, tears streaming down our faces. Fucking Sam...only she would think of something like this while I would run the other way. God bless her...she’s so promiscuous but I love her to death.
“What?!” Tabitha screeched, “I’m not setting you up with him. I can’t! I won’t do it!” she fiercely shook her head, “I’m not certain that I can even speak to him after this. Knowing what I know about his cock. Uh-uh...no way. No wonder he didn’t show up at work today. Poor guy...he’s probably embarrassed to death. ”
Sam whined, “Come on, Tabbie! Help me out! I want to test drive his dick. Take it out for a spin...Pleeeease?” She batted her eyes and held her hands together like she was praying as she continued to plead with Tabitha. “Aren’t you even a tad curious to know how well it will perform?”
“Don’t call me that! You know I don’t like it! And NO I’m not curious on how well it will perform. And NO I am not introducing you to him neither. He’s a nice guy and he doesn’t need you teasing and making fun of his dick.” Tabitha rubbed her forehead looking perplexed. “I don’t get it. Why would he do something like that? Why would he flash his cock out to you? It just doesn’t make any sense.” She reached out to touch my hand, “I’m sorry, babe. I would have never set you up with him if I knew he was such a freak. Just when you think you know someone. Have you even heard from him?”
I nodded and all three of them gaped back at me with their mouths wide open.
“You did? And...?” Tabitha shrilled then gasped waiting for my reply.
I nodded again, “I received a text from him right before I got here but I haven’t read it yet. Do you want to know what it said?”
“Yes! Give me that phone.” Tabitha growled. She reached out to grab my phone as I swatted her hands away. “Take it from her, Hope. You are killing us with the suspense.”
I laughed at her, “Chill out. Let see here...ahh here it is,” I cleared my throat before reading Brad’s text message. “Hi Ana, I would like to APOLOGIZE for my inappropriate behavior last night. What I did was inexcusable. I was so excited and nervous when you agreed to go out with me. I took an anxiety pill and a muscle relaxer to help calm my nerves before our date. I think it had an adverse affect on me and that’s why I acted the way I did. Regardless...my actions were crude and uncalled-for. PLEASE FORGIVE ME! I know that you’ve asked me to never call you again and I will honor your request. But please bear in mind should you ever change your mind and want to go out again DO NOT hesitate to call me. I PROMISE TO NOT TAKE ANYTHING NEXT TIME. Take care, Brad.”
I looked up and all three of them were staring back at me with such empathy for Brad. What the hell just happened here? How did I become the bad guy all of a sudden? It wasn’t me who flashed the Gorbachev hourglass ninety degree angling dick. It was him and here they are trying to guilt me into going back out with him again. I don’t care what they think. If they saw what I saw, they wouldn’t go back out with him either. Well, Hope and Tabitha wouldn’t but Sam...She was on a whole different playing field than the rest of us. “No...” I said. I shook my head, “No! Sorry! I can’t do it.”
”Awwww! See? I told you he’s a nice guy. That was the sweetest apology. Give him another chance. Pleeeease!” Tabitha pleaded with me.
“No, Tabitha! I’m sorry. I just can’t go out with him again. I am forever traumatized now from last night’s fiasco. I got a preview of the package and I’m not interested. I saw the gem to that treasure and it’s not tempting enough for me to go back and get it. And to be honest...I think that I am done with dating for right now. Yup! I’m pretty certain that I am done. No more blind dates...no more single social events...no more dating websites…NO MORE MEN! From this point on, the only thing that I’ll allow between my legs will be BOB and nothing else.” I nodded at with certainty and reached for my blueberry ice tea before finishing it off.
“Well...you’re not done with men. You can put them on hold for a little bit but you are not done with men.” Hope raised her eyebrows at me, “As for BOB...your B.O.B., your Battery Operated Boyfriend,” she emphasized by making quotation marks with her fingers, “will only satisfy you for so long. It will not comfort you and cuddle up with you. I won’t let you become a hermit and avoid the dating pool just because you had a few bad ones. That is not going to help you with your self-esteem. You need to continue getting back out there. So what if you have to kiss a few along the way? You’ll eventually find your white knight, your prince charming. Just give it sometime...You’ll see that I’m right. Your prince is just around the corner.”
“I hope so since it feels like I’m kissing more toads than frogs. That’s even worse.” I said. We all laughed at my remark. I know Hope is right and she is only looking out for my best interests but it is disheartening when you put yourself back out there to only be let down again, and again, and again. I’m not being picky here. I just want to find a nice guy for a change. Nothing serious. I just want someone that I could hang out and have some fun with. Was that too much to ask? I don’t think so.
Tabitha cleared her throat, “Okay. Fine. No more dating Brad for anyone,” she glanced at me then at Sam. Sam pouted lips and stuck her tongue out at Tabitha knowing that she would never get to meet Brad and test drive his dick. Tabitha shook her head and giggled at Sam then she turned back and looked at me. “He had his chance with you and blew it. He’s a toad that will not turn into a prince. Well, at least not your prince. He might be someone else’s prince if they are into Gorbachev hourglass ninety degree angling cocks. I know that you have just sworn off men but Hope is right. You can’t just get off on B.O.B.” She chuckled. “Well...Actually you can. We all can but that is not the point. Get back out there and have fun whether you find your prince or not. So, on that note...I have a black tie affair this weekend and I want you to be my plus one. I know that you’re not big on that kind of thing but I need a date and you’re it.” She said smiling at me brightly.
“What?! Why me?! Take Hope or Sam! They love going to those kinds of things.” I yelped.
Tabitha shook her head, “Nope! They are both busy. It’s you and me, babe. I’ve got some dresses for you too. So, don’t worry. We’ll have fun.”
“Ugh...Fine. Just text me the details later.” I grumbled.
As we finished lunch, I waived to our server. When she arrived to our table, I asked for the refill on my drink to be put into a to go cup. Then I also asked her to cash us out and bring us the bill. We each pitched in our share of the money and placed it inside of the black binder. After paying for our meals, we all hugged each other and said our goodbyes. We agreed on meeting up later during the week for Happy Hour. I was the last one leave our table since I was still waiting for our server to return with my drink.
Chapter 8
Connor
It had been a few days now since I’d received confirmation from Henri that I was definitely drugged when I was with Sara and Joyce for my ménage a trios which was more like ménage a fuck up.
Drugged? I still couldn’t fathom that it had happened to me. Henri stated that the date rape drug that they used on me had many names on the street. It can take effect in about fifteen minutes and can last for hours depending on the quantity that was given to its victim. A drugged victim might look and acts like someone who was drunk. Then the victim could wake up feeling hung-over and very disoriented and may remember having a drink but not much after that. This drug was very dangerous and leaves the body fast without any trace.
So it was a good thing that Henri showed up when he did to draw my blood, otherwise, I wouldn’t have any proof that I was ever drugged that night.
Now I could relate to women who have been date raped. I felt so fucking violated and so fucking pissed! NO...I was fucking livid that I allowed something like this to happen. Henri asked me if I was going to press charges against the women. I scoffed at the suggestion. No! I wasn’t going to press charges against those bitches but I would confront them about it.
Besides, who would believe me? Raped by two women? With my playboy reputation, it would be a tough case to win in court anyway. And the press. Oh, man! They would have a fucking field day with this story. If I thought that those media hounds were always following me around now, it’ll be ten times worst if I decided to pursue it. I don’t need that extra attention or stress in my life. So no, I won’t be pressing charges against them. But, I do want to know why Sara and Joyce thought it was necessary to drug me. And if they deny it, I’ll just have to get them to admit to their wrong doing, apologize, and that would be good enough for me.
I have always been honest and upfront with women about my desires and expectations: just sex, fun, and no strings attached. Everything was laid out on the table, no pretext, no commitment, no relationship. However, women always think they can change me and trap me into a committed relationship. That’s when everything goes south. They cry, blame me for misleading them, and accuse me of toying with their affections. Even though everything was laid out from the get go, somehow it was my fault. Go figure.
Therefore, in the past year or so, I’ve just had one night stands and nothing more. I would hook up with these beautiful women and have these nameless pretty faces beneath me...night, after night, after night. Candy? Cara? Cathy? Frankly, I didn’t care what their name was and didn’t bother to remember it since we wouldn’t be doing much talking anyway. Yeah, it was lonely sometimes and it got old pretty fast but at least there were no complications afterward.
Then I met Sara about a year ago. She had just turned twenty-one. There was a nine year age gap between us. She was a little younger than the women that I would typically date but she was fun, full of life and attractive. Very open minded and eager to learn and do anything that I suggested. I guess you can say she was a little refreshing from the typical models, socialites and women that I was dating. Sara wasn’t clingy like these other women. She understood that our interaction was purely noncommittal and all about sex and good times and nothing more. We would have these random hook ups, our one-nighter bada-bam bada-bing and she would be on her way. To be honest, I should have stuck to that rule of thumb on the one night stand with her and left it at that. But it seemed that Sara would always appear when I had an itch that needed a lot of scratching so I made an exception and allowed her to scratch it, and each time that itch was appeased from building. I didn’t see the harm in it until now. What a fucking mistake that was? Fuck! I raked my hand through my hair and yanked on it. If only I had stuck to my own rule then I wouldn’t be dealing with this mess right now.
After receiving confirmation from Henri that I was drugged; I had to wait a few days to cool off and calm down before I could speak with Sara. I was just too upset at first to address the matter with her.
When I finally called Sara, she sounded too giddy and ecstatic that I had ringed her. My temperament was definitely being tested at that moment. I had to keep things in check, stay cool and level headed if I wanted her to meet up with me.
“Sara?”
“Connor?” Sara giggled as she answered the phone. “Hey baby.” Her laughter continued echoing through the phone line. “What’s up? You want to get together?”
“Yes. Are you free tomorrow?” I asked.
“Uhh...Sorry, Connor baby. I’m heading out of the country tomorrow to meet up with Joyce.”
“Tomorrow? For how long?” I paused then asked, “So, Joyce is already there?”
“Yes. She left yesterday.” Sara giggled, “Why? Were you hoping to meet up with the two of us, again? Have another ménage?” Sara had another bout of giggles.
I rolled my eyes; annoyance was building up inside of me. Sara was acting as if nothing had happened. As if drugging me was no big deal. It might not be to her but it was to me. Stay cool, dude. You need her to meet up with you. I chided myself internally.
“How long Sara? How long are you two going to be out of the country?”
“Umm...two months.” Sara sniggered again, “I am available today if you want to get together. Otherwise, we can hook up when we get back.”
I wasn’t pleased that today was the only day that we could meet. But, what choice did I have? Not much. I was looking forward to my weekly luncheon and hoping to meet Ana today. The thought of meeting her made my insides flutter. To be able to place a face with that name would be nice. But, that will now have to wait. I have a more pressing matter that needed to be dealt with. The sooner, the better. Then Sara would be out of my life forever.
As annoyed as I was, I stayed calm and focused. I sighed, “No. We’ll meet today.” I said.
We agreed to meet for an early lunch at The Grill which I was pleased with. This would give me the opportunity to speak with Sara about her drugging me and me ending our interaction with each other for good. If all goes well then I still might be able to introduce myself and meet Ana after all.
I arrived a few minutes early and was escorted back to my usual booth. Just as I slid into my seat, a server appeared to greet me and took my drink order. I explained to him that there would be another guest for lunch so I would hold off on ordering lunch until she gets here. He nodded and sauntered away.
I was reading emails on my phone when I noticed that fifteen minutes had past and Sara was still not here. She hasn’t called or texted to say that she was running late or not coming at all. Shit! What if she had changed her mind? What if she decided not to come then I wouldn’t be able to confront her about what happened? That was another aspect of her maturity level and thoughtlessness. God! What the hell was going on in my head when I agreed to hook up with her? I knew exactly what was going on in my head but that wasn’t the right head that’d done the thinking. It was the wrong head and that’s why I was in the mess that I am in right now.
I started to call her until I heard some commotions and movements from the booth beside me. I couldn’t see them due to the potted plants tucked inside of the booth divider. It gave each of the seating area a more exclusive private setting. There were more than just the two women today. I could hear them talking and they sounded very jovial, effervescent and giddy. I wondered if she was amongst them yet. A smile crept along my face; I wondered what these women would be gabbing about today.
Just then I heard them shrilled “Ana!” The smile on my face grew wider knowing that she would be joining them for lunch today. I would hopefully get to listen to that soft sweet sultry voice that has somehow seduced me when I heard it. Well maybe today would be the day that I could greet the face behind that voice. I hope that today would be that day.
At that moment, I heard my name being called “Connor,” and the smile on my face dissipated after I realized it was Sara who was calling me and sashaying herself toward the booth. Ugh! I think for the first time ever, I am seeing who she really was and I looked at her with disgust. She might be pretty on the outside but her inside was tainted and vile. Ick! I let out a shuddering breath, “Let’s get this over with,” I mumbled to myself. The sooner I get answers from her the sooner I can get rid of her and to be able to enjoy the rest of my day.
As Sara approached the table, she slid into the booth and scooted beside me. “Hello Connor,” she purred, “Missed me?” she asked as she extended her hand out to touch my face. I quickly restrained it by grabbing her wrist.
“Oh no...you don’t,” I grumbled.
“Oh?” Sara queried with an arched brow. “It’s goin...”
Sara was about to say something but halted when the server arrived to take our order. I released her wrist as she rolled her eyes at him with annoyance and quickly stated, “I’ll have a glass of chardonnay, a Caesar salad with no cheese, no croutons and dressing on the side.” She looked away from him and turned her attention back towards me, “So...where were we?”
Our server nodded at her order then cleared his throat, “And for you, sir?” he asked looking intently at me as his eyes narrowed at Sara.
“I’ll have a bacon cheeseburger well done with french fries.” I gave him a quick nod, “Thank you...” I said. I could tell that our server was irked with Sara but he was professional enough to overlook her behavior. He gave me a swift nod and rigid smile before stepping away from our table.
Sara sighed and huffed when our server left, “Good grief! I thought he was never going to leave.”
“Really Sara?” I exclaimed then turned and stared at her, “You don’t have to be such a bitch you know. He’s only doing his job.” Seriously? What the fuck was I thinking hooking up with this chic? She was now annoying the hell out of me. I could tell my patience was wearing thin; it seemed like everything she had done or said had infuriated me so far.
“What? He came at the most inopportune time. I was just getting ready to enjoy you playing rough with me,” she whined. Sara placed her hand across my chest and played with my tie. I looked down to see her fingers walking down my chest getting dangerously closer to the end of the tie. “You know...I wasn’t even hungry but I ordered something anyway knowing that I would have to keep my stamina up when you’re around. So...where were we before we were so rudely interrupted? Tell me why you asked me here today?”
I grasped her wrist, “Stop it!” I growled.
Sara gasped and arched a brow, “Ahh, it’s going to be like that is it? I like it when you play rough. You know how much I enjoy it. I’ll submit to you any day.” She winked at me then bit her lower lip, “I’m already wet just thinking about you being inside of me and what you’re going to do to me.” A devilish grin spread across her face.
After hearing her remarks, I was getting more pissed off than turned on. I hadn’t realized that I was squeezing her wrist tighter until she gasped again...closing her eyelids half way and chewing on her lower lip even more...she was obviously aroused and enjoying the pain. The dumb bitch thought that I was somehow trying to dominate her in a sexual way right now. Damn it! I need to cool it and control my temper. I need to remember why I had asked her here to begin with. I released her wrist, “Nothing. I’m going to do nothing with you. Don’t get too excited...nothing is going to happen with us today or any other day ever again.” I snarled into her ear.
“What? Why?” she exclaimed, her eyes wide and gaping at me as her pupil dilated and enlarged. Anger building up behind them, “Why call me then if nothing was going to happen with us?”
“Oh...I think you have a good idea why but let me enlighten you.” I said. “The last time...” I stopped talking since our server arrived with our food. He placed our dish in front of us, refilled our drinks and inquired whether we needed anything else.
“Ugh! Can you just leave us alone and not bother us anymore?” she cried.
“Sara! That is enough!” I snapped, I apologized to our server and excused him from the table. Sara’s mouth was gapped wide open. She was probably in shocked that I scolded her since that has never happen before.
“Why are you chiding me when he’s the one that keeps interrupting us?” she spat.
“Why? You have to ask why? Seriously? Do you not see your wrong doing here? Are you that ignorant and selfish that you have no consideration for anyone else’s well being beside yourself?”
“What?! I don’t see why you are making such a big stink about that damn waiter.” She acted as if nothing had happened.
“I’m not just talking about the waiter. I’m talking about you and your misconduct towards me and everyone else such as the waiter.” I growled. Sara look perplexed. Her eyes narrowed as her brows knitted together. I can tell she had no idea what I was talking about. In a low harsh tone I queried, “Why did you drug me that night?”
“What?! Drugged you? What are you talking about?” she huffed.
“Damn it, Sara! Don’t play games with me. You know what the fuck I’m talking about. Now, tell me, why the fuck did you do it?” I slammed my fist onto the table. Our food bounced on the plates and our drinks splashed all over the tablecloth. My anger was elevating. I felt the heat rising from within and beginning to bubble over. I tried to remain calm but found it difficult as she was pushing my limits.
Sara gawked at me, “Why the fuck did I do what?” She growled back, “I have no idea what you are talking about. I’m leaving. This is ridiculous!” Sara started gathering her things together before sliding out of the booth.
I grabbed her arm and through gritted teeth I said, “We’re not done here until I get some answers. Now...tell me why you’d drugged me that night when I was with you and your friend Joyce. What made you think that was okay to do?”
“Let go of me,” Sara cried, “I didn’t do what you are accusing me of doing. I thought you took something on your own. You did seem quite jovial that night. Joyce and I were very impressed with your performance. Here I thought you were calling me for an encore today. I guess that’s not the case. I don’t care what you say...I didn’t drug you!”
I released her arm. I was getting nowhere with her except for me being more furious than I was before, “Why the fuck would I take something? You know I detest drugs. Do you think that Joyce did it? I know I was drugged, Sara. I had my blood drawn and have confirmation of it. So again, DO NOT LIE TO ME! Did you or Joyce drug me that night?”
“No.” Sara shook her head, “I honestly don’t know where you got that I idea from. Neither one of us would do that.
If she was a man, I would have whacked that fucking smirk off her face but since she’s not I let it go. I would never strike a woman even when I’m angry. I needed to count to three, I needed to control my anger and Sara was not making easy for me. “Damn it, Sara! Did you not hear what I said earlier? We are DONE! Nothing, and I mean nothing, is going to happen with us today or any other day ever again.”
“Don’t you think that you’re being a little dramatic?” Then Sara’s eyes widened. As if something just clicked as if she just noticed how serious I was. “No! Please Connor...you don’t really mean that. I didn’t do what you said but I’ll admit to it if it makes you feel better. Please don’t stop seeing me. Please...” She pleaded.
“We are done here! Why should I even waste my time with you when you can’t even tell me the truth? I know you are lying to me. DON’T COME AROUND OR CALL ME EVER AGAIN!” I snapped back at her. I was livid. Her deniability enraged me even more. I know she did it whether she admits it or not. My gut tells me that she did and that has never faltered.
“NO...Connor! Please...please don’t do this.” Sara begged as she scooted closer to me. “I want you...I DID IT! I knew you wouldn’t join us if you weren’t relaxed...so yes, I did it. I’m sorry. I laced your drink with something but you were okay. In matter of fact, you were phenomenal that night. Well...you’re phenomenal all the time but that night you...you were out of this world. Let’s forget all about it and start over...okay? Pleeeaase? I don’t want to lose you.”
I glared at Sara and scooted away from her, “Pfft, you want me to forget about it? It could have ended badly if my body had rejected the drug Sara. I could never be with someone like you. You have completely defied my trust. There will be no starting over. No! We. Are. Done.” I shook my head.
“Fine! Fuck you! You are going to regret this. Trust me I know and when you want me to come back...I will make you grovel and be my bitch.” Sara spat.
“If you want to believe that, then fine but that will never happen.” I bellowed into laughter. This chic was crazier than I thought. One minute she was begging and almost in tears and the next a royal fucking biatch. Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde happening here.
Sara grabbed her purse and gruffly scooted out of the booth tipping the table enough to knock over the drinks and foods as she tries to make her escape. Just when I thought she was about to leave, she turned around and glared at me. Her eyes wide, her pupils dilated and enlarged. Fury, rage and resentment was building up behind them. She was mad there was no doubt about it. When she finally spoke her voice was low, harsh and laced with malice, “Fuck. You. You’re gonna pay for this!” Then she turned her head, lifted her chin, straightened her shoulders and strutted away as if nothing had happened.
Ugh! Seriously? What the hell was I thinking hooking up with her? Sara showed no remorse whatsoever regarding her actions. Her apology was a desperate plea versus a sincere one from the heart. She didn’t even ask about the state of my health...that fucking drug could’ve done some serious damage to my body if I had an allergic reaction to it. Not that it matters now but that just tells me how immature, obnoxious and inconsiderate she really is.
I leaned back into my seat and let out a huge sigh of relief knowing that it’s all over now. Her quick confession gave me a sense of solace knowing that my gut was right and all I had to do was coerce her to confess. A huge smile appeared across my face. Success! I was freed from Sara. One psycho chick gone...check. Woohoo!
The server appeared and broke my train of thought when he asked, “Can I clear any of this out for you, sir?”
I stared at the table. It was a mess. Everything was askew. When Sara tipped the table, she knocked everything over. My drink spilled over my meal and was dripping over the side of the plate with the glass landing on top of the bun of my bacon cheeseburger. Sara’s chardonnay spilled over the table cloth and her Caesar salad was spread all over the table and floor Miraculously, the flute didn’t shatter when it hit the floor.
“Sorry for the mess. We had a minor mishap.” I shrugged.
“No problem, sir. It happens. Let me put in another order for you to replace this one.” The server said as he was clearing off the table.
“No. That won’t be necessary. Let me just pay the bill and I’ll be on my way.” I pulled out three hundred dollars and handed it over to him. He just stared at it but he wouldn’t accept the money. “For your patience and inconvenience today...thank you.” I shoved it in his shirt pocket and tapped him on his shoulder as I left the booth.
“Thank you, sir! Enjoy the rest of your day!” He said with a smile as he hastily cleaned up the mess on the table.
As I was leaving the restaurant my stomach growled reminding me that I haven’t had lunch yet. There was no way I was going to eat when Sara and I were in a heated debate. I needed answers from her; it had taken me awhile but I had finally gotten them. It seemed that she was just like all of the other women that I had dated. She was becoming clingy and needy. Somehow she misconstrued our association to be more than what it was. Fuck! One night stand that is it! NO EXCEPTION from this day forward.
I was just glad that this chapter in my life with Sara has ended. A chapter that I do not want to relive, a chapter that is now closed and can remain in the past.
Then it hit me, I never got to meet Ana today. I was too distracted to notice whether Ana and her friends were still there or not. Well, maybe just maybe with any luck, I will get to meet her next week.
I reached inside my jacket and pulled out my phone to send Maggie a text message. ‘On my way back to the office...please pick up lunch for me. Anything will do. Thanks!’
In a matter of seconds, my phone chirped back letting me know that I’ve received a new message in my email. I opened up the email icon and skimmed at the new message that was from Maggie.
From: Maggie Alberts (malberts@cosholdings...)
To: Connor Scott (cscott@cosholdings...)
Date: April 21 1:05pm
Subject: Lunch
Good afternoon Mr. Scott,
I am stepping out of the office right now to pick up your lunch. I should hopefully be back by the time you get here. Gail will cover my desk while I am gone.
Respectfully,
Maggie
I shook my head and chortled to myself at how lucky I am to have such a wonderful employee. I am grateful for the day that Maggie started working for me. I couldn’t have asked for a better Executive Assistant. She has demonstrated how dependable, reliable and efficient she could be.
I was now half a block away from the restaurant when I realized that I had left something behind. I promptly turned around, pocketed my phone back into my suit jacket and hurried back. It should still be there on the seat inside of the booth. It was a beautiful spring day in Manhattan, New York so I didn’t mind the extra jaunt back to the restaurant. My calendar was cleared for the rest of this afternoon which was a rarity for me and my next engagement was not scheduled until later this evening.
My phone chirped once more as I approached the restaurant I pulled it out and tapped the email icon. It was an email from the building inspector listing all of the issues and due diligence that I would need to know before acquiring this property. My head was bent down as I was distracted and engrossed with the email that I had just received and then BAM...CR...CRUNCH! A loud yelp and something crashed up against my body. My smartphone was whacked out of my hand, a set of hands slammed and leaned against my abs, and there was a blonde head of hair lingering in front of my crotch.
I looked down and there was this woman bent down on her knees profusely apologizing to me. “Oh...my...I’m...so...sorry,” she screeched, “I. AM. SO. SORRY! SO. SO. SORRY!” she pulled out some tissues from her purse and dabbed them against the front of my pants as she continued to apologize. The front side of my black suit was sopping wet. The front bottom of my suit jacket and front side of my pants were drenched from her drink. The Styrofoam cup that she was carrying was smashed into smithereens against my body. There were all these white fuzzes and remnants clinging to my suit looking like I had a bad case of dandruff or something else happening down there.
What the hell? I thought as I stared at this woman beneath me. Her face was inches from my crotch. Her left hand pressed up against my hip for balance and her right hand was dabbing the wetness at the zipper of my pants. I know that she wasn’t purposely feeling me up. It was very innocent, like she just mortified and embarrassed and trying to amend it anyway she could.
So, being the gentleman that I was, I reached down, grabbed her hands and lifted her up off her knees. I had to stop her from blotting and dabbing against my pants. Her gentle touch was getting me slightly aroused. Then she gasped and mumbled, “Tabitha’s boss’s boss,” as she looked at me through her long honey blonde bangs with these beautiful green eyes and long lashes. Her cheeks were rosy and her lips were perfectly shaped with a hint of pink. I was transfixed by her beauty. There was no doubt about it. Damn! She’s stunning! I gasped at the sight of her gorgeousness. She had completely caught me off guard.
My phone rang and broke me out of my reverie; I released her hands and sauntered over to pick it up. My face frowned when I saw my phone. Wow! That whack that she gave me knocking the phone out of my hands must have landed at that perfect angle to crack the phone’s screen. I picked up the phone and noticed a missed call. Whoever it was left a message.
A light breeze blew by as I walked back and stood beside her. It was then that I got a good whiff of her scent...it was a hint of gardenia and tuberose. Shit! Fuck! Is it her? Is she...who I think she is?
“Oh, dear...did I do that?” She bit her bottom lip and her brows knitted together as she stared at the phone in the palm of my hand. “I am truly so sorry! I...I didn’t mean to...please let me pay for your dry cleaning and phone.” She took a step backward and bent down to retrieve her purse. She pulled out some piece of paper and wrote something on it then folded it before handing it to me. She turned around and quickly gimped away. “Please let me know how much I owe you.” she shouted over her shoulder.
“What? Hey...wait!” I cried out but it was too late. She was already sliding into the back of a cab. Fuck! I was about to run my hand through my hair when I recalled her giving me that piece of paper. I unfolded it and read what she had written on it, ‘Ana 212-555-5125.’ Triple fuck...Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! It was her! I can’t believe it...I had her here...in front of me and in a blink of an eye she was gone. She was more stunning than I could’ve ever imagined. I ran my fingers through my hair wondering what my next best possible move should be to see her again.
Maggie’s name appeared on the smartphone when it rang. I slid my fingers across the screen to reply. Great! Nothing...no such luck in answering it since the glass was cracked. The phone continued to ring. I’ll just call her from the restaurant.
I’ll let her know that I’ll be going home and taking the rest of this afternoon off. I needed to clean up and put on a new suit for this evening since I won’t be able to wear this one. I had asked Maggie to give me a little bit of extra time this afternoon not knowing how long it was going to take me to deal with Sara. And since Maggie never asked why she just does what was asked of her. She shifted all of my afternoon appointments and cleared my calendar to give me all the time I needed. That was why I was always very generous with her salary and bonuses. She was one of my few indispensable employees. Only about a handful of my employees are indispensable - - she‘s one of them.
I entered the restaurant and was greeted by the hostess. Before I could tell her why I had come back I heard a man’s voice addressing me from the side.
“Oh, I’m glad you came back. You left something behind. Let me go get it for you.” He said. I guess it pays to tip someone well. The server that waited on me earlier remembered who I was and held onto my envelope for safekeeping. I thanked him for stowing it away and offered him another tip which he refused to accept this time.
I asked to borrow the phone and the hostess gladly obliged.
“Sure thing. Anything for you stud.” She said, as she crossed her arms and leaned in against the hostess stand purposely pushing her breasts together. Ugh! Really? I held back the urge to roll my eyes. So pathetic, I thought. So...not interested. I gave her a bleak smile and a nod to thank her. I didn’t want to encourage her any further with the flirting.
I resumed back to the task at hand and dialed Maggie’s number. She answered on the second ring, “Mr. Scott’s office. This is Maggie. How may I assist you?”
I cleared my throat, “Maggie...this is Con…”
“Mr. Scott? Is that you? I’ve got your lunch ready for you,” she stated, and then asked, “Wait...Did you change your mind? Are you calling me from a restaurant now? Where are you?”
I chuckled since I know her June Cleaver motherly nature just kicked in. “Look, I’m heading home. I don’t have another appointment until this evening, right?”
“Yes. Your next appointment is not until this evening. Are you okay? What about your lunch?” She queried. I heard the anxiety in her voice.
I had to reassure her that everything was alright; otherwise, she would stress herself out and would worry to death. “I’ll be fine Maggie. You can have it if you haven’t eaten or save it for later for dinner or lunch tomorrow. And if you don’t want it then give it to someone else. Do whatever you want with it. It’s yours. Also, I’ll need you to order me a new phone. Mine just broke. Now, please give me the details for this evening since I can’t view my itinerary.”
I heard her typing away on the keyboard, “Okay. Sure thing, Mr. Scott. You’re having dinner with the mayor of New York at 7 pm. You will meet him at the steakhouse inside of the Waldorf. I’ll have Edward come by and pick you up at a quarter to seven and he should be at The Grill any moment now to take you home. Is there anything else I can do for you sir?”
I chuckled, “And how do you know where I am at?”
She chuckled back, “You know I can’t give away all my secrets but I’ll give you a hint...” She whispered, “Spy phone.”
“Alright. Spy phone, huh? More like caller ID.” We both laughed knowing that’s how she knew where I was since I was calling her from the restaurant.
“Thank you for everything, Maggie. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Maggie bid her farewell and ended our call. I thought to myself again how awesome she really is and how she always stays on top of everything. I couldn’t have asked for a better Executive Assistant. I was very blessed with having her in my life.
Just then I saw Ed pulled up along the sidewalk of the restaurant. I quickly handed the phone back to the hostess, thanked her again and hurried out of there before she got a chance to flirt again. As I walked towards the car, my foot kicked something on the ground. I bend down to pick it up; it was the broken heel of Ana’s shoe. The side of lips curled upward in a grin. This will give me another opportunity to see her. Oh, how I can’t wait for that to happen! To be able to stare into those beautiful, luscious green eyes again... The thought of it made my cock twitch. Down boy! Now is not the time to get excited since my boys are presently sticky and gummed together from the sugary drink that had drenched my suit and violated my manhood earlier. Any stretching of the skin could irritate the sensitive tissues down there and that is something that I do not want to experience. I headed toward the car where Ed was holding the door open and was waiting for me. Yeah, I so needed to go home and get cleaned up.
Chapter 9
Anatashia
OMG!!! What the hell? Why can’t I fall asleep? I’ve been tossing and turning for hours and barely got a wink of rest. I don’t know how many times I have I fluffed and pounded my pillows. Too many times, that’s for sure. I am so exhausted and sleep deprived right now; it’s not even funny.
It’s been two days since I crashed into the most handsome man ever. And boy, do I mean ever. I can’t seem to get him out of my head. When I closed my eyes, his sapphire blue eyes appeared and haunted me. I have never seen eyes like his - - - beautiful, rich, and dark yet so deep and intense. I remembered seeing him inside the bar from far away and thinking he was stunning but actually seeing him up close was...Well, I was beside myself. His rugged handsomeness left me speechless.
He was definitely God’s gift to mankind. He was sooo...incredibly good looking. It was unreal; I was totally in awe of him. His dark brown hair slicked back, his strong jaw well defined, his chiseled cheekbones perfectly carved, his nose and lips perfectly proportioned to his face. Fuck me! Adonis had nothing on him.
That day I smashed into him I had no idea who he was...at first. I was just so focused on cleaning up the mess that I had caused. When he touched me and lifted me off of the ground, our eyes met and I felt jolts of electricity rushing through my veins. Goosebumps scattered all across my body. That’s when I recognized him, the one standing right in front of me holding me closely. It was Tabitha’s boss’s boss. I gasped when I realized it was Tabitha’s boss’s boss. Not only because of his good looks but because of who it was. He had me all knotted up and tongue tied. How I was even able to speak I had no idea. It was all a blur to me. When his phone rang and broke me out of my stupor, I quickly gimped and snuck away somehow managing to escape without crumpling into a mass of goo right there on the sidewalk.
When I reached the cab and slid into the backseat, my heart was hammering against my ribcage. I felt my heartbeats; they were pounding so fast as if I had just run a marathon. It was crazy! How and why my body was responding to him like that. I had no idea. I was completely baffled since our interaction was very brief.
I had to calm myself down and perform some breathing exercises like those pregnant women in Lamaze classes. I would breathe through the nose and out through the mouth. Taking a deep breath...inhaling slowly to the count of three, then exhaling to the same count. Then repeat. Then repeat. Oh hell! This wasn’t working! Maybe I was doing this technique all wrong. My breathing was coming out in short spurts more like huff, huff, puffs...huff, huff, puffs...huff, huff, puffs. No wonder those pregnant women went cuckoo ka-choo when they were in labor. Lack of oxygen to the brain will do that to anyone. My heart was still thumping dramatically and I had to restrain it from leaping out of my chest. OMG! No man has ever had this affect on me before. I wrung my hands in my lap and attempted several more breathing techniques before I felt my heart beat slower and my pulse return back to normal. Jeez! What was that man doing to me already and I don’t even know him?! What I do know is how he made me feel and that he was Tabitha’s boss’s boss...someone that was forbidden to me. Both good reasons for me to run away from him.
I got up and rolled out of bed then changed into some workout clothes. I couldn’t lie there much longer. As exhausted as I was, I simply could not sleep. My mind was racing a mile a minute just thinking about him. Thinking about someone that I couldn’t have. I had to do something to distract myself to keep thoughts of him at bay. Working out would do me some good and help clear up my mind. It was still pretty early in the morning. The sun hasn’t even risen yet. I’ll just focus on my yoga poses then go for a run afterward. By then sun would have surfaced and daylight begins.
* * *
I was primping and prepping myself to go out for Happy Hour with the gals this evening. I couldn’t wait. I needed to unwind and needed a drink badly. Leaning up against my bathroom counter and looking into the mirror, I shrugged at myself, “Oh well...That’s as good as it’s gonna get.” I muttered. I straightened my hair and clipped part of it up in the back, letting the other part cascade down my shoulders and back. My long bangs were sweeping the left side of my face just framing my eye. This was good; it would help cover up the dark circles under my eyes. I was able to catnap for a few hours after my run this morning. Not enough to feel rested but enough to keep me chugging along.
I wore a fuchsia silk blouse with black skinny jeans and black peep toe pumps. The neckline to my blouse was low cut and exposing my D cup girls a bit more than I cared for. But what the hell, right? I’m young and carefree. I look good and feel good except for feeling a little tired. So, why not flaunt them off while they’re still young and perky. I slipped my hands into my bra an adjusted my girls, hiking them a little closer together to create that nice cleavage line that will draw any man’s attention. So, if anyone was looked, they’d be more focused on my ample tatas than the dark circles under my eyes. I added a few extra pieces of jewelry to accessorize my outfit and then I was on my way to meet up with my friends.
I frowned as the cab dropped me off in front of Sunset Blue Bar. I didn’t want to come here for Happy Hour but we didn’t have much of a choice since it was the closest bar to Tabitha’s job. She could only sneak out and join us for a drink or two this evening and then head back to work. I just hope that we don’t run into Tabitha’s boss’s boss since this was where he left with those two gorgeous women last time.
Since Tabitha was on a time constraint and we needed to make this quick, we all decided to text Sam our drink requests ahead of time. This way she could place the order once she had secured our table. The bar was packed and somehow we managed to get the same table as last time. Amazing! When I had arrived our drinks were already there.
“Yay! You’re finally here,” Tabitha squealed. “Now, we can drink.” I smiled at my friend and greeted her along with Hope and Sam with a hug.
“Sorry for the delay. Traffic was crazy out there,” I yelled, while shaking my head and rolling my eyes. “Is it just me or is this place really noisy today?
Raising her voice a little louder than normal, Hope chimed in, “I know, right? I had to get out of my cab and walk two blocks to get here. It’s bumper to bumper out there this evening.”
“It’s little louder than usual in here. But who cares? We’re all here now. Let’s have a good time before Tabitha has to leave us.” Sam hollered out. She handed us our drinks once we all got situated in our seat. Not breaking from tradition, Sam lifted up her drink and made a toast, “Ladies...to good times and Tabitha having to go back to work.” We all made sad pouty faces at each other before Sam passed her drink around for us to taste.
I scrunched my eyes and shook my head, “Phew! That’s some strong stuff.” The girls all giggled since they all know that I’m the lightweight out of the bunch. It doesn’t take much to knock me out.
“What’s this one called, Sam?” Tabitha queried.
Sam wiggled her brows, curled her lips up ever so slightly, and gave us that smile so sultry, so naughty that would bring any man down to his knees, “It’s called Between the Sheets.”
We all giggled and cheered to her drink.
“So...tell us what is all in Between the Sheets of this drink?” I asked, wiggling my brows back at her. “I’m curious...it’s strong.”
Sam smiled at us then lazily raised the glass to her lips and took a sip before answering, “White rum, Cointreau Cognac and lemon juice.”
My jawed dropped, “No wonder my chest was burning. OMG, Sam! You guys would have to lug me out of here if I finish that off.” We all chuckled at my comment knowing that I wasn’t kidding.
“Yeah, well, that’s why we only let you take a sip.” Sam said with a wink.
“Besides, we won’t be lugging you anywhere.” Hope said.
Tabitha chimed in, “Nope! We sure won’t. We’ll find some hunky guy to help us with that task. Won’t we girls?”
“I like hunky...hunky is good.” I said. We all chuckled and nodded in agreement.
We all took turns chatting about our week. Tabitha, Hope and Sam all shared the highlights of their week thus far. When it was my turn, I had shared my incident with Tabitha’s boss’s boss and noticed that they all were just gaping at me. No one had said anything. I wasn’t certain if they heard the story. I didn’t want to bellow it out but I did speak it loud enough for them to hear even though the bar was so boisterous.
A ringtone sounded off on a cell phone and broke them out of their stupor. Tabitha reached over to turn it off and frowned. That was her cue, “Ugh! I’ve got to go. I can’t believe you didn’t tell us this story first,” she chided me. “You and I will talk later since I’m not able to stay and hear all of it now.” She stood up and said her goodbyes while hugging each one of us. “Call me tomorrow,” she whispered into my ear as she hugged me. She pumped her arm up and down before leaving us and hooting sarcastically, “Joy, joy, audit preparedness awaits.”
We all got situated back into our seats after Tabitha’s departure. Sam turned to me with an obnoxious smirk on her face, “So...how was it?” She leaned in a little closer, “Tell us the dets...”
“Huh?” I replied, completely dumbfounded by her question. What in the world was she asking? “I just told you everything. What other details did you want to know?”
Hope chimed in then giggled, “We want to know how big his package was?”
“Oh...sorry, I wasn’t expecting you to ask me that,” I said.
“Well...?” Sam demanded.
I reached for my drink, raised it to lips and took a sip before placing it back down on the table. “I don’t know. I wasn’t really focused on it, you know. I was kind of busy dabbing away the mess that I caused.”
“That’s crap and you know it. Yeah, you were cleaning it up but you were also stroking it at the same time. Admit it...you were enjoying feeling the man up. I’m sure it’s big and beautiful.” Sam said.
Okay she had me there. I was totally busted. I did enjoy stroking him through the fabric of his pants. At first, it was completely unintentional. I really was trying to dab and clean up the mess. But when I felt his length beginning to bulge slightly against his pants...let’s just say I wanted to whip it out right there and start sucking him off and tongue lapping him like some dog that hasn’t drank water in days. I couldn’t help but stroke it a few more times until he guided me away from it. I nodded my head and chuckled, “Okay, you’ve got me there. I didn’t see it but what I felt...whoa momma! It...it felt bountiful. And...um, I’m pretty certain my hands memorized which side he dresses on.”
We ordered another rounds of drinks and giggled like schoolgirls who were having very naughty thoughts. Very naughty thoughts of Tabitha’s boss’s boss, that is.
Hope turned to me and asked, “So...have you heard from him?”
I shook my head, “No. Not yet. I’m kind of glad though. I don’t know if I want the bill for his phone. It looked really expensive and I’m sure it’s the latest model out there.” I shrugged my shoulders, “But, you know me, I’ve got to do the right thing. So, if I don’t hear from him by the end of next week, I’ll seek him out. Even though I don’t have that kind of money to throw away right now.”
“Hmm...so you don’t think he’s interested in you?” Sam queried with a quirked eyebrow.
“Umm...no, I’m pretty certain he isn’t. I wouldn’t be interested in myself after that disastrous encounter. I looked real classy...seriously...really classy gimping away the way that I did. Jeez! How many more times could I have embarrassed myself in front of him that day? Umm...I don’t know. Let’s see, shall we?”
I started ticking my fingers off one by one as I listed my clumsiness each time: ramming into his body, spilling a drink over his expensive suit, knocking over and cracking his cell phone, feeling him up in public, and finally, breaking the heel off of my shoe. “Hmm...I’m pretty sure he’s not interested. If he was...he would have called me by now, right?”
Oh...how I wish he would call me. If I keep hoping, maybe it will come true. Just like in that movie Field of Dreams with Kevin Costner, ‘If you build it, he will come.’ So, if I will him to call me then he will, right? Please call me...please call me...please!
“Yeah. You’re probably right.” Hope said. “Besides none of us are allowed to get together with him...remember?”
And there it was my transgression...my sin of attraction towards him. So much for pleading to the universe asking him to call me when I knew that he was forbidden to me.
Sam and I let out a deep, tragic sigh as we muttered, “Yeah. We remember. No need to remind us.” And just like that, my bubble burst. That balloon I had floating high in the sky just got popped by something sharp. Damn Hope for bringing us back to reality.
Chapter 10
Connor
Ana...Ana...a name that strummed through my mind in the last couple of days. I couldn’t seem to get her out of my head. Whenever I close my eyes, her beautiful face surfaces before me. Those luminous green eyes with long lashes that bat so innocently, her rosy-pink cheeks and those full luscious perfectly shaped pink lips that I just want to suck on. I don’t think I’ve ever desired a woman like this before. And I have had my fair share of women...actually, more than my fair share. But there was something exceptional about this woman, about Ana. What was it? And why her? I don’t know. What I did know was that I wanted her, I desired her. I needed her. I can’t explain it but for some reason I found myself drawn to her. Like a moth to a flame.
I sat here in my office staring out the window and drumming my fingers against the arm of my leather chair and Ana was all I could think about. I reached for my smartphone and dialed her phone number. Ring...ring...ring...ring...No answer. Nothing but the generic voicemail recording. I wondered if she had punk’d me with her phone number. I couldn’t fathom why she would do such a thing. It would make absolutely no sense since she was the one that gave it to me to begin with. Not to go all stalker on her like Mark Wahlberg did in Fear but I have been trying to call her at least once every day since that day when she crashed into me in front of the restaurant. And I haven’t had any luck getting a hold of her yet.
Tap, tap, tap. “Mr. Scott?” Maggie peeped her head in the doorway. “I’ve got that information you’ve asked for...on that phone number.”
“Thank you, Maggie,” I said, as I reached out to take the file from her. But she hesitated a bit before handing the file over to me. “What is it?” I asked.
“She works for us, you know.” Maggie said.
My eyebrows rose to my hairline, “What?!”
“Yes. She works in the finance department. I’ve asked HR for her personnel file. I figured you would want to look it over. It should have a photo of her in it. I should get it sometime later this afternoon.” she replied.
Yes! That’s what I wanted to shout aloud. I wanted to leap out of my chair and pump my fist into the air. Finally, I’ll get some info on her. Now, I could track her down and actually talk to her. Yeah...that doesn’t sound psycho or stalker-ish at all, you freak. I chided myself mentally. I kept my ecstatic emotions in check and nodded, “Good. Just give it to me once you get it.”
Maggie just stared at me and gave me this sweet, gentle smile, “I also RSVP’d you for tomorrow’s event...”
I gave her an arched eyebrow that said everything without words. In a nutshell, why in the hell did you do that? Maggie has worked for me long enough to know that I want answers.
She just stood there and continued to smile so sweetly at me. Okay...at first it was sweet and innocent but now it’s beginning to creep me out. It’s like one of those horror flicks that you watch. It’s the calm before the storm. Just when you think everything is clear, you venture out and then...Bam! You get the wind knocked out of you. “You can thank me later.” Maggie finally said.
Thank her? Huh? For what? I grimaced and frowned at her.
“She will be there. We’ve already got three tables for the event and she’ll be sitting at one of them.”
See? The calm before the storm...and just like that ‘BAM!’ Maggie laid one on me and KO’d me. If we were playing a video game right now she would have won that round. Here I was planning on going out with the guys and watch the Yankees play but this will be even better. I’ll see her tomorrow night. The guys are gonna have to wait. I can catch up with them another time. So much for the man code, ‘Bros Before Hos,’ I’ll get my man card taken away for this one. I don’t care; I’ve been thinking about her way too much to let this opportunity pass me by. I kept me cool; I didn’t want Maggie to see how eager and how overzealous I was about this news. But I could literally dip her over and kiss her right now for doing her job so damn well. I won’t because that would be kind of gross since she’s about the same age as my mom. I smiled back at her and said, “Thank you!” I kept it short and simple since I was still stunned and speechless. Like I said, she KO’d me. Referee calling one...two...three...you’re out!
* * *
The rest of yesterday went as expected: endless meetings and conference calls. I didn’t need to attend any of those meetings and I could have had my executive management team take care of it. I hate to admit it but I do enjoy going to them sometimes and being in the mist of all the action. It helps me stay alert and be attuned to what’s was going on in my company.
By the time all of my meetings were over, I headed back to my office to retrieve a file that Maggie had left behind for me. But what I got instead was a note from her informing me that I would not get that personnel file until Monday due to some computer system upgrade. Damn! So much for reading up and learning a little bit more about Ana before tonight’s event.
Beep, beep, beep...I looked down at my phone beeping away and displaying the time six thirty pm. Shit. I need to get moving and finish getting dressed for tonight’s gala. I hit the dismiss button to turn it off.
As I was standing in front of the mirror halfway dressed my thoughts wandered back to Ana. I still stunned. I can’t believe that she works for me...for my company? How long had she been employed at COS Holdings? How could I have not noticed her around the office? How could I overlook someone like her? Huh? Inquiring minds want to know.
My entire body seized, my breath hitched and I groaned at the thought of her...down on her knees staring up at me. The image of her in that very position had me shifting in my pants already. Hell, if my body was responding to her like this, how would it react when I actually have her naked beneath me? I’ll probably shoot off like a damn torpedo ready to explode. Well, shit! On that note, I had better go meet up with Palmita and her five friends to pipe one out, choke the chicken, spank the monkey, slap the salami, you know...clean the rifle, jerkin the gherkin before seeing her tonight. Control...I’ll need that when I’m with her. I don’t want to get too excited and blow my entire wad too quickly when I get to know her better tonight. Yes...tonight...tonight...she will be mine.
Chapter 11
Anatashia
I shuffled through my closet once more hoping to find something to wear. With a heavy sigh, I exhaled...no such luck. I’ll have to wait until Tabitha gets here with her selection of dresses to determine what I’ll be wearing to the gala tonight.
I’m certain that it will something elegant and conservative. Tabitha rarely wears anything risqué. She tends to dress herself in modern but yet elegant and conservative clothing. She has a lovely body but is too shy to expose too much of it.
My phone chimed. It was a text from Tabitha, ‘I’m here. Please call the front desk. I’m on my way up now.’
‘K, C U in a bit.’ I texted back then I called the security guard at the front desk to let her through.
As I walked toward the door to open it I heard something rustling against it. “Hi! OMG! Why didn’t you tell me to come down and help you?” I reached out and grabbed some of the garment bags that Tabitha held in her arms. They were piled high up to her chin.
“Phew! I’m pooped now!” Tabitha huffed, after putting the garment bags down on the dining table. Her face was beet red and she was breathing heavily. She bent down and braced herself against the table and chair. Man...I hope she doesn’t pass out. I love her and all but I can’t guarantee giving her mouth to mouth and sucking on her lips until 911 arrives.
“Maybe you ought to sit down.” I pulled out a chair and guided her into the seat. “Let me get you some water. You look really flushed right now.” I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and handed it to her. “Drink.” I commanded. “Why did you carry so many of them? Goodness gracious! You should have called me to come and help you. You could...”
She waved her hands then cut me off by saying, “Okay, that’s enough. I don’t need you to scold me. I was able to handle it. I just got a little winded out that’s all. Chill out. I’m fine. Now, come on! Let’s have you try on some dresses and let’s see what you’re going to wear tonight.”
Tabitha and I spent the whole afternoon together. She had brought over fifteen dresses. Fifteen?! I couldn’t believe it. No wonder she was huffing and puffing when she got to my apartment. By the time I was done trying them all on, we narrowed it down to just three dresses. “Thanks for letting me borrow a dress for this evening. I still can’t believe you own so many formal evening dresses. I knew that you attended several of these black tie affairs each year but I didn’t think that it was that many.”
She smiled and shrugged, “I don’t go to that many...maybe four or five a year. But I do enjoy going to them. It gives me a reason to buy a new dress and to dress up each time. Over the years I’ve accumulated quite a collection; these are just a few. Honestly, you should keep all of these. I still have plenty more at home. I can’t believe you don’t have any considering you used to go to these shindigs.”
I let out a heavy breath and shook my head, “Bonfire...remember?” I said dryly.
Tabitha smiled and a devilish grin spread over her face, “Oh yes! How could I forget that? It’s a shame but I understand why you did it. We did have fun that night.”
I gave a slight chuckle and nodded in agreement. “Well, I won’t have any use for these dresses so it’s best you take them back home with you. Besides, some of them don’t fit,” I waved my hand toward the closet, “And there’s no room left in there for them either. But thanks for offering. Let me help you pack them back up and we’ll take them back to your place. I’m not going to let you lug these all by yourself.”
“Fine. If you insist...” she retorted. We gathered all of the remaining dresses and placed them back into the garment bags. “Wait! You don’t have to help me take them home. Stay and start getting ready for the gala. I’ll just take a few of them now, leave the rest behind, and come back for them later. Would that be alright?”
“Yeah, sure. Whatever you want...no worries. I don’t mind helping you and we have some time before the gala. Are you sure you want to come back for them?” I queried.
She nodded, “Yup! Stay. I’ll come back for them.” She grasped my forearm, “Thank you for being my plus one tonight. I really appreciate it. I know how much you despise going to them nowadays. Trust me, it’ll be fun...just you and me babe. You’ll see,” she said then she leaned in to give me a hug.
I nodded hoping that Tabitha was right and that we will have fun. I loathe going to these things because of all the pretentious people there. Frank and I used to attend these types of functions frequently until we split up. Now, I no longer care whether I go or not. Frank had purchased quite a few evening gowns for me but in honor of our break up, the gals and I had a bonfire celebration and burnt them all to ashes. We did little dances around the bonfire shooting our arms high into the sky, hopping, kicking and dancing around chanting ‘Burn baby, burn, burn!’ It was like a cross between the bonfire scene with Sandra Bullock and Betty White in The Proposal and Whitney Houston and her friends in Waiting to Exhale. Tonight will be different. I’m going along for moral support and because she asked me to. That’s what friends do, right? Be there for each other when we need one another.
I started primping for the gala once Tabitha had gone home. I gave myself a mani and pedi. My fingernails and toenails were now trimmed and painted in the color of ‘Makes Men Blush’ - a soft shade of pale pink. I wiggled my toes around admiring my handy work. Damn, I’m good! It looked like I had just gone to the salon and had it done. As much as that was my desire it was so not happening since I simply couldn’t afford it right now. I nodded to myself. Yup. Not happening. Just then I got a visual image of that ad with Uncle Sam pointing ‘I WANT YOU!’ except it’s replaced with ‘NO PAMPERING FOR YOU!’ Well, that image just sucked. So, I pushed it aside and continued to get dolled up. I applied tinted moisturizer to my face and neck, added some eyeshadow, kohl liner and mascara to my eyes, brushed a hint of blush on my cheeks and finally, painted pretty pink lipstick on my lips. Next, I tackled styling my hair and prayed it would cooperate and wouldn’t become one big frizz ball because I wanted to wear it down tonight. My honey blonde hair now sported big soft curls that drifted over my shoulders and cascaded down my back. I grabbed the perfume bottle and sprayed a light mist across my bodice before slipping on my undergarments.
After trying on the three dresses once more, I decided to wear this stunning champagne gold sequined gown. The gown was sleeveless with a simple yet elegant boat neck and a plunging scoop opening on the backside. I slipped my feet into a pair of gold peep toe heels and accessorized my ensemble with a simple pair of crystal teardrop earrings. I looked into the mirror and did a once over before heading out. I was pleased with the reflection that stared back at me. I smiled at the giddiness of knowing how good I really looked and not to sound pompous but I was one ooh-la-la sexy chick.
I grabbed my clutch and opened it to ensure that everything I need was in there. Money...check, keys...check, phone...check, lipstick...check and condom...check...just in case I get lucky. I stared at the condom and contemplated on removing it but then I remembered the gals all telling me ‘You need to get back out there...no commitment...remember just have fun.’ And just like that I left it right where it was. It seems everything I need was in there and with a snap my clutch was closed.
After locking up my apartment, I went downstairs to hail a cab to the gala. The ride did not take long and traffic flowed easily throughout the city considering it was a Saturday night. When the cab pulled up alongside to the hotel there were several limos lined up in front of us. I looked out the window of the cab and my nerves were rattled by all the people lined up in front of the entrance. Oh man! This was a bad idea coming here solo, unescorted and worst of all, in a cab. Talk about sticking out like a sore thumb - yup, that’s me.
What kind of event was this? Why didn’t Tabitha tell me how special this gala was that there would be paparazzo waiting in front of the hotel? I saw several celebrities step out of their limos and pose for pictures. Omigod - I was next! They didn’t know who I was and they weren’t going to be impressed by anyone stepping out of a cab. That’s right, not a limo like all the others but a yellow and black checkered cab. I might as well hold up a bright neon sign flashing ‘Look At Me.’ Shit! I let out an arduous sigh and took in a deep breath. Inhale...Exhale...Inhale...Exhale.
Just as we pulled up to the front of the hotel, a man in a bellman’s uniform appeared and opened the door. I willed myself to step out of the cab. I straightened my evening gown, lifted my chin up, held my head high, plastered on a smile, arched my back and strolled down the red carpet as if I belong there. I was telling myself, show them what you got...strut your stuff...work it...work it...now stop...turn...hands on hip and strike a pose like Madonna...turn around act like your shit don’t stink and keep walking until you reached the front door of the hotel...now exhale. I hadn’t noticed that I was holding my breath the entire time that I had walked down the red carpet. I’m surprised that I didn’t turn blue and pass out right there in front of everyone. Not only was I blinded by the offending bright flashes and saw little white specs floating in front of me, now I was also feeling a little light headed probably from the lack of oxygen from my little stroll. Taking in several deep breaths, I felt my lungs filling up with air and returning back to normal again.
Wow! That was absolutely insane. Tabitha will owe me for stepping up to the plate for this one. Making me come here all by myself since she had to arrive a lot earlier to help set up for the gala.
Phew! I need to chill out a bit if I’m even going to enjoy tonight. That means I need something stiff, something smooth and something silky flushing down my throat. Yup! That is exactly what I need right now. A stiff drink! Well, I would actually prefer a different kind of stiff...one that’s tall, dark hair and handsome. Since that’s not an option for me at the moment, I guess I’ll just settle for a stiff drink instead.
I entered the grand ballroom and made a beeline to the bar. What the f...! I couldn’t even get close enough to it; this line was ridiculously long probably from all the alkies taking advantage of the open bar. Man, I need a strong drink and I need it now!
I wandered to the other side of the ballroom and made a beeline to that bar. Damn it! That line was just as obnoxiously long...maybe even longer. So much for that drink that I wanted. By the time I make it to the bar I would have needed the whole bottle or I would have lost interest in it altogether. Just then a server sauntered by with a tray of wine flutes. I snatched one of them and let out a heavy breath. Ugh...Red wine is not my drink of choice since it makes me a little lethargic but it beats nothing at all. To my surprise the red wine was quite tasty and I finished it in a matter of minutes. When the server passed by me again; I reached out and grabbed another glass of red wine. This time I took my time drinking it and went hunting for Tabitha.
Half an hour later and I still didn’t have any luck catching up with Tabitha. I even sent her a text and I still haven’t heard back from her. Poor thing. She must be really tied up. Damn it! I agreed to be her plus one yet here I stand alone. I shrugged and mumbled to myself, “Oh, well, you might as well make the best of it until you meet up with her.”
I stood there for a moment gazing around the ballroom. Wow! It’s really beautiful in here. The decoration was simple yet elegant. Crystal chandeliers suspended from the high ceiling cast a dim glow throughout the room. In the center of the ballroom was a stage with a white screen in the background and a podium and DJ stand off to one side, a string quartet was on the other side and right in front was the dance floor. I could hear the faint classical tune playing from the string quartet over the whirr of voices. An oversized company banner strung above the white screen announced the charity’s name and their mission statement. Surrounding the stage and dance floor were dozens of round tables spread amongst the room. Each table was decorated with black and silver tablecloths and a white floral arrangement entwined with silver sprigs as the centerpiece.
Off to the far left side of the ballroom was the silent auction area which was where I was headed. I was curious to see what types of items were donated for the humane society fundraiser. I was impressed by the numerous items that were up for auction. These items varied from baskets of gourmet pet goodies, pet sitting, dog walking and grooming services, gift certificates for spas, couples massages and even weekend getaways.
After scoping out several of the items, I stood in front of one and debated on whether I should put my name down for the bidding. Suddenly, I felt a hand touch the bare skin on the small of my back, “Well, hello there. What a nice surprise running into to you tonight. You look amazing,” a deep sexy voice whispered in my ear.
I gasped at the touch and wondered who was standing behind me. Please let it not be some egotistical jerk thinking that line would get him laid tonight. Well, unless he was smoking hot, then maybe...just maybe, I’ll consider it. I turned to see who he was and I froze. I simply couldn’t move. I felt my heart thrashing against my chest. I looked up and saw these gorgeous, sapphire blue eyes staring back at me. He smiled a wolfish smile, letting me know that he was happy to see me. With my lips a mere inch away from his, I mumbled, “Tabitha’s boss’s boss...” Oh good grief! How pathetic am I right now? Very but don’t answer that...especially not aloud.
“Sorry...what was that?” he asked. He took a step back and gazed down at me then extended his hand, “I don’t believe we have actually met...I’m Connor Scott and you are...Ana?”
I bit my lower lip and nodded then whispered, “Yes.” I couldn’t seem to say anything else. The lump in my throat was so dry, I tried to swallow but it wouldn’t go down. What the hell was wrong with me? Say something...anything...don’t just stand there and stare at the man and act like a buffoon. What was it about him that makes me act this way? I felt like a complete imbecile not knowing what to do when he was around. ‘Get a grip of yourself!’ I chided myself silently in my head. I chugged the remains of my wine and set my glass on the tray of a passing server. Reaching out and clasping his hand, I smiled and replied, “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Connor.”
He raised my hand to his lips and gently kissed it, “Hmm...but the pleasure is really all mine.”
OMG! Someone save me now before I collapse and pass out in front of this man. I felt the heat radiating from his body. The touch of his lips sent a sensation of warmth pooling between my legs. Not only were his lips soft and sensual but they were still lingering next to my hand. I felt my body temperature rising, my face flushing, my palms sweating, and my girly bits now damped with wetness. Oh...this is not good. I am already feeling guilty for being attracted to him and I haven’t even done anything yet. I batted my eyelashes and gave him a coy smile before removing my hand from his.
The smile on his face faltered for a moment and then he frowned. He was about to lean towards me when someone came up beside him and spun him around to greet him. “Hey, Connor! How are you doing, bud?” The stranger asked. I heard Connor mumble something to the gentleman. What it was, I don’t know, since his back was now facing me. This was my cue to sneak away and gather myself together. I was already feeling lightheaded. I’m not certain if it’s from the wine or his scorching hot lips touching my skin. I’m pretty certain it was the latter, but...I wasn’t willing to stick around to confirm it.
As I was heading back to my table, lights were flickering and someone was tapping microphone. Then someone announced that dinner was being served in the next few minutes. As I maneuvered through the crowd to my seat, someone clung to my arm.
“Sorry, I got held up. We had a minor crisis. Forgive me, okay?” Tabitha squeezed me a little tighter. “Are you having fun at least?”
I scowled at Tabitha but not for long because I know that she didn’t mean to ditch me as long as she did. I shrugged, “Umm...I made the best of it. Don’t worry. Is everything okay? Is it all under control now or are you going to leave me again in just a few?”
Tabitha jabbed my side with her elbow. “Everything is good now. So, you and I can start having some fun,” she winked. “By the way, you look amazeballs in that dress.”
I slid my hands up and down the side of my dress in a dramatic way. “Why...thank you! You like? I got it from this awesome boutique called Tabitha’s closet and you look quite amaze...balls yourself,” I said. Tabitha giggled. “Hey, I texted you earlier...why didn’t you answer me back?”
“Oh, sorry. I was in such a freaking hurry to get here that I forgot my phone. I didn’t even know that I didn’t even have it until I was about to text you. I was going to tell you to come through the back entrance,” Tabitha face grimaced, her shoulders hunched together as she slouched, “Did you come through the front entrance with all of the...”
I nodded fervently, “Yes ma’am, I did! All by myself and in a yellow and black checkered cab, too. No, ma’am, not in a limo like everyone else.” I gave her the stink eye, “Thanks a lot for that warning.”
“Sorry!” Tabitha frowned but then she perked up and said, “Maybe you’ll make it on page six. Wouldn’t that be something?”
I laughed and snorted at the idea of me on page six of the New York Post. “Hmm...Yeah, that’ll be something alright. Me...’Ms. Hermit’,” I raised my fingers and made quotation marks, “as you always say...on page six? I don’t think so but I did strike a pose you know? Just in case.” I gave her a wink and we both giggled.
After working our way through the crowd, we finally found our table which was sponsored by Tabitha’s employer, COS Holdings. The table quieted down once we arrived. Several of her co-workers were already seated. Tabitha and I exchanged greetings and introductory pleasantries with everyone at the table before we sat down. They all seemed friendly enough as we chatted and laughed throughout our dinner.
“Are you enjoying yourself?” Tabitha asked.
“Mmm...” I nodded, “Surprisingly, I am. I was regretting it a little bit when I first arrived but, now, not so much. Thanks for asking me to come tonight.”
“Good! The night is still young so take it easy with that drink that you’ve got there.” Tabitha nudged her chin at my drink, “You totally astonished me when you had ordered that red wine. That’s not like you.”
I had to agree with her. It wasn’t like me to drink red wine...I shrugged and gave her a nonchalant look, “I know, right? But it was the only thing that I was able to get a hold of when I first got here. Believe it or not, this one is really good. I’ll need you to work your magic and find out what they’re serving so that I could maybe have it later.”
Tabitha quirked a brow and smiled, “I’ll see what I can do but in the meantime take it easy with that drink, okay?”
I grinned at her and winked. Then I noticed that she was staring over my shoulder and looking past me. She focused her gaze across the room, her brows furrowed and then scowled with concern. She was doing this periodically during dinner and honestly I didn’t think much of it but now it had caught my attention. “Hey, what is it? What are you looking at?”
“I don’t know to be honest.” Tabitha replied. “Umm...I think you have an admirer. For some reason I keep thinking that my boss’s boss is scoping you out.”
“What?!” My mouth gaped open and I quickly spun around in my seat to see for myself. Yup! That was totally subtle. Uhh...not! I couldn’t have been more discreet if I tried. I looked around the room and there he was...Connor. He was sitting two tables away at an angle slightly facing us. Fortunately, he was speaking with someone at that moment and so he was facing away from us. Thank goodness because that would have been embarrassing. My heart was now pounding faster knowing that he was sitting close by and that he probably was looking at me all night long. I shifted a little in my seat and turned back to Tabitha, “I don’t think so. I think it’s your imagination but I did chat with him for a bit earlier.
Now it was Tabitha’s turn: her mouth gaped open and her eyes widened. “What?! When?!”
I couldn’t help but chuckle a little at her expression, “Just a moment ago before I ran into you. It was just a quick hello and then we were interrupted.”
“Oh...” she sighed. I saw an instant relief in her expression which bothered me. I’ve known Tabitha a long time and I have never sensed jealousy from her. Not even once. Not ever. But was it jealousy or something else? “Well, maybe you’re right. It’s probably just me. I thought he was looking at you, that’s all,” she said.
“Hmm...If he was looking, I’m sure it was someone else from this table and not me.”
But to be honest, I felt those watchful eyes surveying me, scorching me from the heat of his gaze. His touch at my back, his lips on my hand...Ever since then he awakened something inside of me, something on high alert. But as I tried to dismiss it, I felt this same tingling feeling over and over again. It’s like he stirred all my senses and they were heightened and on high alert.
“Well, you know, I do need to talk to him. I need to settle what I did to him.”
Tabitha let out a taxing sigh and rolled her eyes, “Fine! Just remember: no hanky panky. He is off-limits!” She teased while pointing her finger at me.
I scoffed and laughed, “Yeah, okay...off-limits, no hanky panky.” I said then extended two fingers and gave her a salute.
The music in the ballroom shifted from the soothing classical tunes of the string quartet to the loud, upbeat dance anthems of the DJ. Now that got everyone from our table out of their seats and on the dance floor. Tabitha and I had remained seated at the table, savoring every bite of our desserts. Once we were done indulging ourselves, a handsome man approached Tabitha and asked her to dance with him.
“Are you going to be okay if I go with him?”
I smiled and waved her off, “Go! Don’t worry about me. One more drink and I’ll be out there dancing even without a partner.”
Tabitha frowned at my comment but I reassured her that I’d be fine and that she needed to go and enjoy herself. She stalled for a bit and I I wasn’t sure whether she would go or not. She hesitated for a moment before she accepted his offer and then she allowed him to lead her to the dance floor.
I reached for the wine bottle and refilled my glass with a little more red wine. “Last one for you, girly,” I mumbled to myself. I could already feel the effects of the other three glasses. I was well on my way towards a killer hangover for tomorrow. So, one more drink shouldn’t matter.
I turned around to see if Connor was still in his seat. To my surprise he was nowhere in sight. There was a slight pang of disappointment in my chest wondering if he might have already left for the night. Maybe Tabitha and I were imagining things when we suspected him looking at me. Oh, well. I suppose I’ll just go to his office to settle up with him. I knew it was too good to be true. No way would a man like him be interested in someone like me.
I chugged and finished the rest of my drink. I stood up and pushed my chair away from the table then I felt my head spinning, a bout of dizziness crept up on me. I braced myself against the chair. All of a sudden I felt these strong arms wrap around me. “Whoa...easy does it. I’ve got you,” said the male voice, low husky and so sexy. “It’s okay. Just lean against me,” he murmured. I turned to see who I was leaning up against and gasped at the sight beside me. Oh, goodness! Am I so freaking drunk that I’m hallucinating? Is it who I really think it is? I blinked a few more times like Barbara Eden from I Dream of Jeannie thinking that the image in front of me would change but it remained the same. I can’t believe that it’s him. He always seems to catch me at my worst moments. He pulled away just enough to stare down at me, his sapphire blue eyes vivid and gleaming.
“Tabitha’s boss’s boss...” I mumbled and shook my head, “Connor...” My eyes widened with excitement. He’d completely caught me off guard. My heart was hammering so fast right now against my chest. I don’t know if from the alcohol or from him. My bet would be the latter. Now that I was facing him, he held me tighter against his body pressing us closer together. I inhaled the scent of him. Oh, my! He smelled divine the spicy masculinity of him filling and flaring my nostrils. It makes me want to bottle him up so that I can consume it all night long.
Whoa...what’s happening here? Could it be possible that there was something going on here? Like him being interested in me? No...not possible, right? Or possible? Damn! That drink was beginning to kick in and I was feeling a little tipsy to really be able to judge and analyze what’s going on.
He gave me a stoic smile as he stared at me and gently stroked his fingers along my cheekbones. The contact of his skin against mine was overwhelming. Goosebumps sprinkled all across my body. He reached out and stroked a loose strand of hair behind my ear. Then he leaned down and kissed me so passionately causing me to feel even dizzier than I already was. As the kiss deepened wave of fervor surged through my body. His tongue slid out teasing my mouth, getting me to part my lips to let him in. Oh...his mouth felt so damn good against mine. Our lips and tongues intertwined with each other. I moaned and soft whimpers escaped my throat. He wrapped his hand behind the nape of my neck and braced my body against his. His hand massaged my neck before he twined his fingers into my hair and tugged at it. My moans were now more urgent and demanding. Gripping his tuxedo jacket, I pulled him closer to me and my body melted into his as my need increased. My arms eased up around his neck. Splaying my hands and fingers in his hair, I returned his kisses fervently.
Breaking the kiss, he jerked his head back from mine leaving me breathless and bereft. “I want you so bad...” he growled in my ear. He gazed upon my face before softly caressing my cheeks. I stood transfixed by his gaze as he slowly examined me. His hand touched the side of my face as his middle finger leisurely smoothed my cheek, then my brow, down my nose and over my lips. “Maybe...you should sit down for a moment,” he finally said.
Argh!!! No...no...no! Don’t stop! That kiss was unbelievable. I don’t think I’ve ever been kissed with such want, such need and such raw passion. Was it me or was it the alcohol? Am I that delirious about how awesome his kiss was? No, I couldn’t be...I know it’s not the alcohol talking. It’s got to be all him. I saw it in his face. I felt it in his kiss. I am practically creaming in my panties from it. Wow! If he could do that to me with a kiss, imagine what he could do to me with the rest of his body. I shivered at the idea of it. “What?” I shook my head, “No...I’ll be okayyy. I just neeeed to move a...aroouund a bit.” I said stumbling and slurring out my response.
“Are you sure?” he asked.
“Yessss.” I nodded.
“Do you want to get out of here then?” Connor queried.
“Yesss.” I whispered and nodded again.
Jeez...I was feeling quite woozy right now. Tabitha was right maybe I shouldn’t have had that last glass of red wine. Well, it’s too late now. It’s already flowing through my body and man, oh, man, am I feeling it. I need to start moving around and everything will be fine. I heard him mumbling something, “Okay...easy...lean...against me...” but I couldn’t quite make it out. He sounds so far away. I propped my arm around something solid; I think it was him but I’m not certain. I glanced to my side to see what or who it was that I was leaning against but the images were getting blurry. The faces were blending together like a big kaleidoscope. Oh, this cannot be good. Focus. If I can just start moving around and get some fresh air then I’ll be fine. Urgh...Come on...Just lift up a leg already. Any leg will do. I can’t move my legs; they feel heavy and laden with weights strapped to my ankles.
Before I know it, I was floating and soaring through the air like Princess Jasmine on Aladdin’s magic carpet. I honestly don’t know what was going on. Then I felt something shifting and tightening around my body. Hands? Arms? Am I being carried? I’m not sure. What I knew for certain was that my body ached; it was so stiff and rigid. Everything was hazy and I was still unable make anything out except for the lights being a little brighter. Then...I felt my eyelids closing and drifting off into complete and utter darkness.
* * *
My eyes fluttered as I tried to open them but they felt heavy like they weighed a ton. And my head...Oh, my! My head was pounding, the room was spinning, my heart was beating fast, and then a bout of nausea hit me. Don’t hurl...whatever you do...DO NOT HURL!!! I tell myself, an image of Linda Blair from the Exorcist appears as green pea’s soup chucked out of her mouth...Yeah, definitely DO NOT HURL. I tried to swallow something, anything, but my mouth was so dry it tasted like I had been chewing and gulping on cotton balls. Eww...yuck!
After willing my eyes to open, I had to squint them close and reopen them. I had to do this several times for my eyes to adjust to the light. The room was dark but not dark enough. Bright sunlight splashed from another room and between the drapes. It shined directly into my eyes. Ohh...man, that’s bright. I scanned the room while laying on this ginormous bed and nothing looked familiar. I wondered...where was I?
Then I heard the air conditioning kick in. The cool air caused my body to shiver. The bedcovers were tangled around by my feet. Nice...I thought with full sarcasm behind it. I glanced down at my body and OMG...all I had on was my scanty lingerie. A small scrap of lace covering my girl bits and a low back strapless lace bra both in sheer nude color making me look practically naked. This didn’t leave much to the imagination at this point. When and how did I even get undressed? I have no idea. I was completely baffled at this moment. I pressed my palms against my temples to help alleviate the thumping in my head.
I tried to sit up but the room was spinning. Ohh...make it stop! I laid back down, closed my eyes, and laid my arms over them for a few moments before attempting on getting back up. Once I was able to prop myself up, I glanced around the room. It was huge probably bigger than my whole apartment. Whose bedroom was this? Wait...who was I with last night? I gasped at the memory of last night...Connor! Could it be Connor’s? Am I at his house? Did he take me to his home last night? The idea of it made me a little giddy knowing that I get to see his home and maybe get to know him even better.
Then something shiny caught my attention from the side of the bed. I slipped out of the bed to see what it was. Condoms...in gold foil wrapper. There was a box full of them peeking out from the drawer of the nightstand. I pulled the drawer out a little more. There were several set of handcuffs; traditional police issue metal cuffs, furry cuffs, bling-bling cuffs, and kinky sexy cuffs. I wandered to the other nightstand wondering what might be in that drawer. I gasped at the sight before me. Omigod! The drawer was full of sex toys; mostly dildos in various shapes and sizes, lube, nipple clamps, feather ticklers, and other sexual gadgets that I had no idea what they were for. I quickly closed the drawer then walked across the room and slightly opened each of the dresser drawers. They were filled with various types of clothing. What a relief it was to see that they weren’t filled with more sexual toys and implements.
I looked around the room and spotted my dress hanging over a chair by a table near the window. I sauntered toward that way and slipped it on. At least now I don’t feel so vulnerable and naked. As I reached for my shoes tucked neatly underneath the chair, I noticed a pen, a note pad, and a black binder on the table. Each item embossed with the name of the hotel for the gala. So...this wasn’t Connor’s bedroom at his home but a room...more like a suite at the hotel? Connor must have taken me up here when I had passed out. That made complete sense since he didn’t want to travel too far with me in my condition. How very thoughtful of him to be so considerate and caring. How lucky am I to have met someone like him? But something still felt off. I just couldn’t pinpoint it at this moment. Clarity is not my friend right now.
As I try to ignore that niggling feeling it just wouldn’t go away. There was something about this room that didn’t feel quite right. What it was I’m not sure yet but it will come to me eventually. Hmm...so, this was not his bedroom but a hotel suite...huh? What kind of hotel was this? I knew it was upscale and caterered primarily to the rich and famous but I had no idea that they would furnish a suite with all kinds of sexual gadgets. Maybe this was one of their unlisted specialty services that they only offer to their exclusive guests to lavish them with all their needs and desires.
Then it hit me. OMG!!! I held my hand up to my mouth...shit! A light bulb literally went off in my head. Like I came up with the cure for cancer or something...which we know I didn’t. But I guess you can call it my ‘Aha’ moment. This wasn’t just a hotel suite. I shook my head. Nope it was not. It...it...it was Connor’s fuck pad. Yes! His fuck pad, his romp room; where he can enjoy spending time with his ladies companion then send them on their merry way. It’s where he gets his groove on and works his mojo and has his fuck fest. Oh God, he really was a playboy. A playa through and through...seriously, what regular guy has a suite at an upscale hotel as their fuck pad? None! Only a multi-billionaire playboy that’s who.
And if I didn’t pass out, would he have had his way with me last night then send me on my way this morning? The answer was probably, ‘Yes’. I would then just be considered another conquest for him and nothing more. A pang just jabbed my heart, it felt heavy and laden. A sense of jealously kicked in knowing all the women he’d been with. Knowing what he’d been doing with them and all those toys. I swiped a tear that crept up the corner of my eye. What the fuck is wrong with me? I barely knew the guy and here I was going all Glenn Close and Fatal Attraction on him already. This was so not like me. I don’t like how emotional I was getting for someone I barely know.
I grabbed my shoes and purse and tread softly toward the doorway to the other room. I heard Connor laughing. He had his back towards me. Leaning against the clear glass barrier on the balcony with the sliding glass door ajar, he was talking with someone on the phone. Hmm...he looked good from behind. He was wearing a t-shirt and jeans that sculpted his backside perfectly. I could just imagine my hands stroking his honed muscles and feeling his strong body as I rubbed it against mine. Igniting every fiber within my body. I touched my lips remembering how tender and passionate his lips were against mine. Jeez...I’m going to miss that! I took a good look at him once more knowing that this would be the last time that I would ever be with him. As much as I desired him and want to roll around the sheets with him and have him fuck me six ways to Sunday that won’t be happening. I don’t want to just be another notch on his bedpost. No, I want more even though he was completely out of my league. Oh, what the hell was wrong with me? Why was I even thinking that? Guilt crept upon me. I shouldn’t even be here with him in the first place. He was off-limits. Why was I fantasizing that he would want more than a quick one night stand... if he wanted that at all? Why? Why was I being such a fool to allow myself to think that he would want anything else? If I stay, I fear that I’ll get too emotionally attached. So, it’s best that I take off now while I can still control myself and save my heart from future pain and suffering.
I was still woozy from my hangover but if I concentrate and focus I could make it to the front door and make my escape. I looked down making sure that I had everything. I don’t want to leave anything behind. Purse wrapped in my arm and shoes strapped around my fingers. I crept out into the main suite toward the front entrance then quietly turn the door handle and clicked it open. I made it! Just as I stepped out into the hallway and the door closed behind me, I heard Connor shout, “Stop! Ana...wait!”
A Note from the Author
Thank you so much for reading Sin of Attraction. Anatashia and Connor’s quest for each other will continue soon. If you want to be one of the first to be in the know, please go to my website, deedinhauthor.wix.com/deedinh and enter your email address to join the announcement list.
To ask questions or send comments, you can contact me at deedinh.author@yahoo.com.
