










Sliding
Backwards


A novel

By Christina Smith











Published by Christina Smith 

Copyright ©2015 Christina Smith

Smashwords edition

Cover art by Ronnell D Porter

Edited by Christine LePorte









Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith

My Young Adult Novels

Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)

Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)

Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel 

Riley’s Secret, A Moon’s Glow Novel # 1

Riley’s Torment, A Moon’s Glow Novel #2

Riley’s Redemption, A Moon’s Glow Novel #3

Skeleton Park

My Adult Contemporary Novels

Lost Inside, A Shimmer Lake Novel #1

Finding Abigail, A Shimmer Lake Novel #2
















This story is fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.















For my mom












Everything.
Every single thing I loved in this world …was gone. I was alone, trapped in a black hole so deep in utter despair, I couldn’t breathe.





Chapter One
Hope

In fairy tales the knight in shining armor saves the princess from the evil villain. After he kisses her, they live happily ever after.
Unfortunately, reality doesn’t quite work that way. I was saved from my own personal villain but the scars lingered. I was happy with my knight, and he was everything I ever wanted in a man, yet seven years later, the memories of my tormentor still haunt me. With every day that passes, the memories dim, but they never fade. 
After all this time, there are still mornings when I wake up with a tightness in my throat and the sting of hands clasped firmly around my neck. There are still moments when I shrink inside myself because of a raised voice or loud noise. Despite all of that, I refuse to get lost in those moments, because if I do, then he wins, and I won’t allow that to happen.

“Watch me, Daddy! Watch me!” Hope’s sweet voice flowed over me like a balm, soothing my soul as I finished off the last sentence. I had finally done it. I’d written an adult fiction novel. I’d always wanted to write one. I just never imagined I would choose this particular subject matter. 
“Wow, Hope, that was awesome. Can you do it again?” The man who spoke was the reason I had survived all those years ago. He was the bright spot in a really dark time—my lighthouse in a torrential rain. He saved me both figurative and literally from the person set on controlling my life.
A roar of giggles and deep laughter drifted in through my open office window, pushing the murky thoughts brought on by my manuscript to the back of my mind. With the first draft finished, it was time to take a break and focus on happier times, such as Labor Day weekend. There were heaps of fun activities planned and I couldn’t wait to spend them with my family.

“Mommy!” Hope squealed after I emerged from our home onto the deck, wearing my deep blue tankini. The late afternoon sun gently touched my face, warming not only my skin but inside as well. Thoughts of Nick always made me feel cold.
When Noah tossed Hope up into the air, she dropped back into the water with a splash. She shot back up, the water dripping down her face and hair. The giggles erupting out of her sounded like the wind chimes hanging from the porch roof that swayed with the breeze. 
At the sight of my beautiful daughter, I felt a smile instantly tug at my lips. She was the product of my life with Noah; with his bright blue eyes and my sandy hair, she reminded me every day of what our love had created.
“Are you coming in, babe?” Noah asked, looking up at me. He was standing waist deep in the lake next to our house, the sun beaming down on his damp hair and skin. His already light hair looked almost white against the tan he had accumulated during the summer. Even after all of our years together, my stomach flipped at the sight of him. He was the most handsome man I knew. 
“Come in, Mommy, come in!” Hope chanted, jumping up and down, the water splashing against her already soaked pink and yellow polka-dotted bathing suit.
With the two people I loved the most begging me to spend time with them, how could I resist?
I stepped toward the beach and waded into the water, sucking in a sharp breath as the slightly chilled liquid touched my bare legs. Since summer was on its last legs, the air was cooler at night, and therefore so was the lake. That didn’t stop Hope from swimming, though. She loved the water and nagged us daily to go in, even if it was raining. We were surprised she hadn’t sprouted fins yet. Her love of the water was yet another reason I thanked my lucky stars that my previous neighbor, Sylvia, had helped me escape my abusive relationship. When she handed me the key to her cottage seven years ago, I never imagined it would change my life as much as it had. I fell in love with the beauty of the cottage and lake as much as I did the man in the house right next to it.
“Did you finish?” Noah asked as he took slow strides toward me, the water parting smoothly as he moved.
Hope stayed behind him, and as she bounced up and down, the water crashed against my thighs, causing me to wince once again as it touched a dry patch of skin.
I grinned, feeling pride all the way down to my toes. “Yes. I just sent it to Marcy and Debbie.” Debbie was my editor for all of my children’s books and had been my best friend since college. She worked for my publisher and had been discussing my new book with her bosses as well as with my agent, Marcy. I was expecting a call from Marcy on Tuesday.
Noah reached out and put his hands on my waist, leaning in to brush his lips against mine. My lips tingled at the touch. “Good. I know how difficult it was for you.”
Difficult was an understatement. Even though I enjoyed writing children’s books and was somewhat successful at it, the idea of writing a novel for adults had always been in the back of my mind. I never could have imagined it would be about my own experiences.
When I first put pen to paper—or more accurately fingers to keyboard, it was just a therapeutic exercise to let out my trauma. However, once I started, I couldn’t stop. It didn’t take long to realize that it was so much more than I had originally thought. Instead of just a journal that helped me sort through bad memories, it became a novel loosely based on my time with Nick and how I survived his abuse.
Noah pulled away, a small smile lighting his face. “I’m proud of you.”
His words spread warmth throughout my body, the unwanted memories long gone. I leaned up to give him another kiss, a longer one this time, savoring the taste and feel of the man I was desperately in love with. At the sound of a girly squeal, I felt a splash of water hit my face with a splat. It hit Noah as well and we both turned slowly to look at our daughter, droplets of water dripping from our chins.
She was grinning, her dimples peeking out from her chubby cheeks. “Are you two going to kiss…or swim?” Her head was tilted to the side, her light hair darkened from the water that dampened her silky locks. 
Noah stepped away from me and scooped her up, her small frame swallowed up by his long muscular arms. She squealed once again just before he tossed her back into the lake. When she stood up laughing uncontrollably, she cried, “Do it again,” between her shrieks of laughter.
I smiled at the sight before me, feeling truly blessed at how my life turned out. My tormentor was in jail and had been for years. I was happier than I’d ever been. 

“It’s huge.”
“I can’t believe it fits.”
Kathy and I were standing at the bottom of a waterslide. And not just any old slide. This thing was enormous. I couldn’t believe it fit on the park grounds. “I thought the council decided against a waterslide in town,” I said, clenching my cold pop can against my arm. The sun was hot, glaring above us. I was thankful I chose to wear a simple tank top and jean shorts.
Kathy waved at Jeremy as he sat down at the top, getting ready to slide, his long legs folded into a sitting position. “They did. Until Mayor Donovan overruled. His granddaughter wanted it.”
I nodded in understanding; Mayor Donavon’s granddaughter was in Hope’s class at school, and whatever she wanted, her grandfather would usually get it for her.
Despite his age, Kathy’s son laughed as he slid down the long tube, making me smile. He had just turned fifteen and still loved a waterslide. My grin widened when his father flew down behind him. Once a kid, always a kid. I wasn’t exactly surprised; Sam was an overgrown child, just like his best friend, Noah, who just appeared at the top of the slide. Hope was poised on his lap.
She squealed like a banshee as they sailed over the bumps, twists, and turns. By the time they landed at the bottom, she was laughing hysterically.
Before we arrived, Hope had been reluctant to try the slide, leery of the height.
“I guess that means she likes it,” Kathy observed. The sun glared off of her red hair, almost blinding me.
My cheeks hurt from grinning at my child. “I guess so.”
Noah picked our daughter up and carried her back to the line; guess they both did.
Leaving our happy family, Kathy and I wandered over to our picnic table, the festive sounds of summer filling the space around us. “So, how’s it going with Jamie?” I asked as we sat down, both of us setting the drinks we’d been holding down in front of us on the wooden surface.
Kathy frowned. “Ugh. I don’t know. He doesn’t talk to me.”
Jamie was seventeen and head over heels in love with their next door neighbor Alice. 
I spotted her son under a tree nearby, lip-locked to the neighbor. I pointed. “Uh…um. He looks very busy at the moment.”
Kathy turned her head in the direction I’d pointed. “Hey, Jamie,” she yelled over all the voices around us, causing a few heads to turn in our direction. “You might want to take a break before one of you suffocates.”
The pair of teens pulled apart. Alice buried her face in her hands, her cheeks a bright shade of crimson, almost matching her boyfriend’s hair. Jamie spun on his mother, glaring at her.
“Are you trying to embarrass them?”
“Of course. Isn’t that what mothers are for?”
I couldn’t help but laugh, just as Sam appeared, taking the seat next to his wife.
“What’s so funny?” he asked me, stretching his hands out in front of him.
Kathy shook her head. “Nothing.” She glanced around. “Where is everyone?” 
“Jeremy blew us off for his friends, and Hope and Noah went to get ice cream cones.”
“You didn’t want one?” I asked. A gaggle of girls walked by us, their voices shrill with excitement. I watched them, thinking of my sister, Brenda, and our friends at that age.
“No. I’m still stuffed,” Sam said, pulling my attention back to him.
“That’s what happens when you have four burgers,” Kathy scolded.
Unoffended, Sam simply patted his stomach.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Noah and Hope, each holding a cone. Noah was licking his favorite cherry cheesecake. Hope had her usual, bubble-gum. When they got closer, I noticed something else. 
“What the hell is on your face?” Sam asked Noah when they reached the picnic table.
They each had wings framing their eyes. Hope’s were purple with gold sparkle, while Noah’s were blue with silver sparkle.
“Butterfly wings,” Noah answered, unfazed by Sam’s mocking.
“Why did you do that?” Sam could barely hold in his laughter.
Before Noah could reply, I couldn’t help but add, “That’s nothing. You should have seen him last week. He was wearing a tiara and clip-on earrings.” 
Now Sam’s laugh slipped out. “Did you really?”
Noah frowned at me for exposing his secret, then met his friend’s imploring gaze. “Yes. It was a tea party. Formal attire was required.”
Sobering, Sam glared at Hope. “Are you saying you had a tea party, and you didn’t invite me?” The playful fury was clear in his voice.
Hope giggled, her ice cream forgotten as she listened to the adults banter. “Yes. But you can come next time, Uncle Sam.”
“I’m going to hold you to that.”
When Hope wandered away to play nearby with a friend from school, Kathy smirked at my husband. “So you wore earrings and a tiara, huh?”
He shrugged. “That’s what you do when you have a little girl.”
“You’re a good daddy. I knew you would be.”
We were interrupted when Hope rushed back, falling into me, smelling of bubble gum and the watermelon she’d eaten earlier. “Mommy, it’s your turn to get your face painted. We all have to be butterflies.”
“Why?” I asked, not exactly sure I agreed with her statement.
“’Cause we’re a family.”
That, I couldn’t argue with. I stood up and allowed her to lead me away.

Later, after an exciting night of beautiful, yet very noisy fireworks, Noah carried Hope into our home. She was fast asleep nestled in his arms, the left side of her face and the purple wing around her eye all I could see of her. The paint was faded and had smudged onto Noah’s blue T-shirt.
I followed him in, pulling out a pair of pajamas to change her in to.
Once I’d dressed her, and she was comfortably sleeping under the covers, we stood at the doorway watching her sleep. She was so peaceful; it was hard to look away.
“We make good babies,” Noah stated, wrapping his warm arms around me.
“We sure do.”
“Want to try again?” He bent over and nuzzled my neck, awaking a buzz of pleasure inside me. 
“Okay.” I laughed softly, tilting my head to allow him access. “But maybe not here.”
He chuckled under his breath, pulling me out of Hope’s room and into our own.


Chapter Two
The Search

“Hope, hurry up! You’re going to be late for school.” My words were answered by a muffled groan. It was the third time I had called her and she had yet to come out of her room.
It was Tuesday morning and I was waiting on the call from my agent about my new book and trying to get Hope ready for the first day of school. She’d had a meltdown already about what to wear. She was six. The idea of her fretting over clothes terrified me. She was so unlike me, who at her age wore whatever my fingers touched first. Even now, I never really cared what I looked like, much to my friends Debbie’s and Kathy’s dismay. There were fashionistas and were forever trying to change me. I could not be changed. 
When I had pulled out the outfit Hope and I had agreed on weeks before, she smiled, her mood lighting instantly. I hadn’t seen her since.
Just as I stuffed her lunch into her backpack, she rushed out of her room looking adorable in a long-sleeved pink top with brown plaid edging and a brown corduroy knee-length skirt. Most of her shoulder-length hair was down, but I had pulled the sides up with pretty pink and purple butterfly clips.
“Come on, Mom, I don’t want to be late.” Her voice sounded annoyed, like she was the one waiting on me, not the other way around. She snatched her backpack and headed out the door, the metal edge smacking against the frame with a loud thwack.
I rolled my eyes and followed.

“Do you know what Alysa said last night at the park?” Hope asked me while we stood in our driveway waiting for the bus. She loved going to the park for the annual fireworks show. It was something we’d done since she was a toddler. Last year was the first time she was able to watch it without her hands covering her ears. 
“What?” I was only half listening. I was anxious about the call from Marcy. She told me last week that she’d been in touch with several publishers and was expecting to hear from them soon. And after my talk with Debbie on the weekend, I was on pins and needles.
“She said that Ms. Hannigan was our teacher.”
“Is that a good thing?” I kicked a pebble off of our paved drive with my fuzzy lilac slipper. It rolled into the grass, getting lost in the blades.
“Yes. She plays the guitar.” Her eyes were the size of the tire swing Noah had hung from the enormous elm on our front lawn. “Isn’t that cool?”
“Very cool.”
At six, it didn’t take much to impress my daughter. I missed that feeling of innocence that only existed when you were young, before the stresses that came with growing up tainted your outlook on life. 
The sound of the phone ringing from inside the house jolted me away from my daughter’s excitement. It was most likely Marcy. “Oh, honey. I have to get that. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay, but hurry!” Hope ordered as I rushed inside, making my way to the phone.
“Where is it,” I mumbled. I could hear the muffled ringing coming from the counter. It was covered with the makings of Hope’s lunch and I couldn’t see the phone. Just when I worried it would stop ringing, I found the blasted thing under the half-filled bread bag.
“Hello?” I answered breathlessly, making my way back outside, the sun blinding me as it shone over the lake. I blinked, my eyes adjusting to the brightness.
“Abby?” Marcy asked.
“Yes. Are you calling with good news?” I stepped onto the pavement of the driveway and saw the back of the bus as it turned the corner up ahead. Darn it, I missed Hope’s send-off. For the last two years she always blew me a kiss before she hopped up the steps. It had become our tradition. I hoped she wasn’t too disappointed. I stared at the yellow bus, a ball of regret forming in my stomach. I would just have to make her favorite supper tonight to make it up to her. I hoped Noah was in the mood for tacos.
“Did you hear me?” Marcy was saying, pulling me back to the conversation.
I waved as the bus disappeared around the corner and once again directed my attention to the call. “No, sorry. What was that?”
“I said, you’ve had a couple offers.”
Excitement bloomed in my stomach, spreading through my body like butterflies trapped in a cage. “Is one from my publishing house?” When I first told her I was writing the book, she insisted on looking elsewhere just to see what was out there. I really didn’t want to leave my current publisher since Debbie worked there, yet I went along with it anyway. 
“Yes, but their offer is the lower one.”
My excitement dimmed. “Oh,” was all I could think to say as I opened the door and went back inside.
I moved to the counter and started cleaning, twisting the bread bag closed and folding the excess under the bread before tossing it into the cupboard.
“I know you didn’t want to go anywhere else, but I really think you should consider it.”
I was quiet for a few seconds while I wiped the crumbs from the counter. “All right, I will. Just email me the offers and I’ll take a look at them.”
The tapping of her keyboard was the only sound for a brief moment before she spoke again. “I’m still waiting on one more publisher and I’ll send that when it comes.”
“Okay,” I sighed. “Do you think they’ll up their offer?” I knew she would understand who I was referring to.
“They might, but you should look at both first.”
Shaking the cloth into the sink, I tossed it over the tap. “Send them to me and I’ll get back to you later.” 
Once she agreed, we hung up. I finished cleaning, my thoughts on contracts and deals. I hated this part. All I wanted to do was write; I had no interest in the business end of it.
When the kitchen was clean, I headed into my office to check my email and call Debbie. I needed her advice.

An hour later, I was immersed in offers and documents, no closer to making a decision. Since Debbie was in a meeting when I called, I was on my own. When the phone rang, I grabbed it quickly, not even looking at the caller ID. “It’s about time,” I said with frustration clear in my voice.
“Abby?” It wasn’t my friend’s voice on the line as I expected, yet it was familiar.
“Yes.” 
“It’s Nicole.” She was the secretary at Hope’s school. In a small town as small as this one, everyone was on a first-name basis. 
“Hi, Nicole, how’s your mother?”
There were voices in the background, both children’s and adults’. “She’s good. We just got her settled into The Home.” I could hear the strain in her tone. She had struggled with the decision.
“She’ll be happy there,” I assured her, hoping to ease her conscience. Her mother had Alzheimer’s and had wandered off several times. She was always found in odd places. Just last month, Bill Macintyre, the owner of the local pub, found her sleeping in his station wagon.
“I hope so.” Nicole paused as the sound of a child’s laughter erupted in the background. “Anyway, Abby, I was just calling to see how Hope was doing.”
“What do you mean? You’d know better than I would.”
There was silence on the other line. “Abby, Hope isn’t here. I assumed she was sick and you forgot to call.”
I blinked, staring at the laptop in front of me, the words on the screen warping into a blurry mess. I was sure I had heard wrong. “I’m sorry. What are you saying?”
“Hope never showed up for school.”
All the air in my body whooshed out of me, like a vacuum had latched onto my mouth and started sucking. I stood up abruptly, knocking the chair to the floor with a thud. “Well, where is she?” I yelled, knowing it wasn’t Nicole’s fault, but I was unable to control the volume of my voice. I felt like running around town screaming, “Where’s my baby?” The only reason I refrained from doing exactly that was because I knew panicking wouldn’t help me find her.
“I’m sure she’s fine. Why don’t I call the bus line and see if she fell asleep in her seat.” 
I nodded dumbly to myself since she couldn’t see me, reaching up to hold my locket, which always gave me comfort. “O…kay.” I whispered, unable to speak louder. I was thankful for her idea even if it was unlikely. It was only a ten-minute bus ride to the school and Hope was excited—not tired this morning. However, I couldn’t think coherently so I grabbed onto her suggestion like it was the last piece of bread and I was dying of starvation.
When the phone line went dead, I hung up, pulled my chair back to its previous position, and fell into it, waiting for the shrill sound that would lead to the answer I needed. The silence in the room was unbearable. My breaths were shallow as I stared at the phone. My hand hurt from gripping the device, yet I was afraid to put it down.
When it rang, it broke the silence in the room so abruptly I jumped in my seat. “Hello,” I answered cautiously, afraid of what I was about to hear.
“Abby, I talked to the bus driver and he said that Hope wasn’t at her bus stop, she was never on the bus.”
I was only in the house for a minute. Where could she have run off to?
“Abby, did you hear me?”
Again I nodded, even though she couldn’t see me. Finally after a few strained silent breaths, I found my voice. “But I saw the bus drive away from the house; she had to be on it.”
“Did you see her get on?” she asked.
“No, the phone rang and I ran inside to answer it. I was only in there for a minute.”
“Doesn’t Noah work in the barn next to your house? Maybe she wandered in there to say goodbye.”
I shook my head. “Noah is out of town on a consultation. He left early this morning before Hope woke up. She knows he wouldn’t be there.”
“Oh. Well, I’m sure she’ll turn up. And I’ll have everyone here keep an eye out for her.”
“Okay.” My voice was weak. I didn’t know what to say…or do for that matter. “Thanks. I’ll let you know when I find her.”
“You do that. Goodbye, Abby.”
When the phone went dead, I hung up and rushed outside to the barn, the phone still gripped tightly in my hand. “Hope!” I yelled, pushing the door to Noah’s workshop open, hoping I would see the blue eyes that were so much like her father’s.
My heart sank when I found the room deserted. Noah’s tools and unfinished furniture were the only objects in the room. Where could she be? “Hope!” I screamed, my voice turning shrill with panic. I stood still, staring at the vacant room, feeling lost. The air in the old barn was thick with silence. I strained my ears, forcing them to hear something—anything—that would lead me to my daughter. But there was nothing, just the slow splash of water as the waves hit the shore outside.
Why hadn’t I let the phone ring this morning? Marcy would have left a message. My career was important to me, but not more than my daughter. Nothing was more important than she was. If only I could go back in time a few hours and watch her climb the bus steps, I would know where she was and I wouldn’t be feeling this frantic sense of loss and fear. 
Stepping back outside into the warm sunshine, I pushed the guilt to the back of my mind. Right now I had to focus. Where could she be? No answer came to me. She should have been on that bus, and I knew she would never have wandered off. It was the first day of school, she was so excited. I rushed back to the house, grabbed my cell phone and the keys to my car, and decided to just drive around. No matter how useless the search felt, I had to do something. 
After ten minutes of driving aimlessly, I decided to try her favorite spots. When I pulled into the park at the end of our street, disappointment flooded my heart. The equipment was as deserted as Noah’s workshop. Even though I suspected she wouldn’t be here, I had secretly hoped. Disappointment nearly swallowed me whole. Instead of dwelling, I pulled out and headed to the next spot.
There weren’t many cars outside the pet store. I parked and quickly rushed inside. The bell on the door jingled as I entered. The harsh scent of wet woodchips and animal hair assaulted my senses.
“Hey, Abby, are you going to get Hope that kitten after all?” Lyla asked, stepping away from the lizard cases.
“No…” A ball of fear hard as stone hovered in my chest, making it difficult for me to breathe. “I was wondering if she’s been here this morning.”
Lyla’s face washed with confusion. “Shouldn’t she be in school?”
“I got a call this morning. She’s not there.” 
“Oh my God. You must be frantic.”
I sucked in a breath, fighting the tears that burned in my eyes. I nodded. “So, she hasn’t been here?” I was wasting time, I needed to keep looking. 
She shook her head, regret shining in her concerned eyes.
I forced a smile I didn’t mean. “Okay, thanks. I’m sure I’ll find her.” I said the words but I felt less than sure.
As I stepped out of the store, I spotted Kathy outside of Mabel’s, the diner she worked at. “Kathy!” I yelled, my voice trembling.
When she turned around, she was smiling—until she noticed the worry that no doubt shone from my face like a spotlight. Her grin melted away like ice cream on a hot day. “What’s wrong?” she asked as I rushed toward her.
“Hope didn’t get on the bus this morning. She’s not at school.”
“What do you mean? Weren’t you with her?”
A small ragged sob born from guilt and fear escaped my lips. “I left her in the driveway so I could answer the phone,” I whispered hoarsely. “I was expecting a call.”
Sympathy flashed in Kathy’s eyes when she stepped toward me, reaching out to place her hand on my shoulder. The gesture was meant to comfort. I appreciated the effort, though it was wasted on me. 
“I was only gone a minute and when I went back out, the bus was driving away. I thought she was on it.” The last words were a choked whisper.
“Oh, Abby. I’m sure we’ll find her.” 
Just as her words were out, Mabel stepped out onto the sidewalk, a white stained apron covering her usual running suit. “Kathy, what’s the hold-up?”
Kathy turned away from me and stepped toward her boss. “I have to go,” she told her.
The older woman’s eyes widened with surprise. “Why, what’s wrong?”
Before I could answer, Kathy explained my situation. Mable nodded kindly and told us that she would keep an eye out for Hope as well.
After Mable disappeared back into the restaurant, a strained smile stretched out my lips; it felt so forced, I was sure my lips would crack. “I’ll try Rosa’s.”
“That’s a good idea, where should I look?”
I shrugged, not really sure. This whole situation didn’t make sense. Where could she have gone on foot? “Maybe the Mini-Putt?” My answer was more of a question than an answer. Even though Hope loved when we took her to the miniature golf course, it was a fifteen-minute car ride. She would never be able to walk there. I couldn’t think of anywhere else.
Kathy nodded, pulling her keys out of her pocket. They jingled together as she swung her hand. “Okay, I’ll call you if I find her.”
“Same here,” I said over my shoulder as I headed to my car and she headed to hers. Once inside, I watched her pull away from the street in her silver SUV.
I picked up my cell and started the car, steering the vehicle in the direction of Noah’s great-aunt’s house. She was one of Hope’s favorite people. And who could blame her? She was Sylvia’s sister and they were so much alike. She loved having Hope over. She taught her to make pumpkin pies from scratch with real pumpkins, she let her ride her stationary bike that she herself hadn’t touched in years, and played classical music for Hope on her ancient piano. 
As I hit speed-dial one on my cell, I choked on a sob. I hated what I was about to do. 
“Hello.” His voice soothed me instantly and at the same time, I feared he would hate me. After all, it was my fault.
“Noah.” My voice was barely audible, but I knew he would hear the despair in it. 
“Abby, what’s wrong?”
I opened my mouth, and the words I dreaded to repeat spilled out. When I was done, I realized my face was soaked with salty tears. I hadn’t even realized I was crying.
“I’m on my way home now. I’ll be there in three hours. Don’t worry, Abby, we’ll find her.” There was so much determination in his voice that I believed him. After all, he was my knight in shining armor. He had saved me before; I had no reason to doubt he would do it again.
“Noah,” I whispered before he hung up. “I’m sorry.”
“Abby. We. Will. Find. Her.” His voice was filled with conviction, making me feel confident that it was just a matter of time that his words would come true. We would find her and when we did, there would be a simple explanation to where she had been.
When I hung up, I tossed my cell onto the passenger seat just as I reached Rosa’s place. The small farmhouse was deserted as I pulled into her driveway. After I climbed the porch steps, my knock on the door was met with silence. I turned around and gazed at the wooded area that surrounded her house. “Hope!” I yelled into the trees. “Are you here?” Only the sound of wind rustling through the leaves met my inquiries. 
Giving up, I decided to head home. As I drove, the interior of the car was so thick with hopelessness and dread, I could barely breathe. 

The phone was ringing when I let myself inside our house. “Hello?” I answered, my voice edged with excitement. Was it word that someone had found my baby?
“Hello, Abby.”
My world bottomed out when I recognized the voice. 
“Nick?” I asked, hoping I was wrong.
“Isn’t that sweet, after the years I’ve rotted in prison you still remember the sound of my voice.” I glanced outside, fearful that he was here stalking me. “You know what that means, don’t you?” he asked as I scanned the deck and the woods across the street. I could see nothing from this distance. Yet that fact did nothing to soothe my sudden fear. The trees created plenty of shadows he could hide in.
When I didn’t answer, he went on, “It means that we were meant for each other. Doesn’t matter how many years we’re separated, you will always know me.”
I cringed at his words, loathing and fear adding to the worry I had for Hope. “Of course I know your voice. You were my living nightmare.” I spit the words out, hating the fact that I had to speak to him. I didn’t have time for this. I had to find my little girl. “Why aren’t you in jail?”
He was silent for a moment. I didn’t think he was going to answer…but when he did I wished he hadn’t. “Shouldn’t your question be, ‘Where is my daughter?’”

Chapter Three
Ice Cream

The sound of my cell phone in my otherwise quiet car made me jump. I picked it up, concentrating on the road ahead. “Hello,” I answered without looking at the number. I might have been driving a little faster than the speed limit, but I was desperate. 
“Abby?”
“Yes,” I said slowly, not recognizing the male voice.
“It’s Brian.” 
“Oh…uh…hi.” I turned off of our road and onto the main one, my tires squealing over the pavement as I took the corner too fast. “I’m kind of busy right now, Brian. Can I call you back?” I had no idea what Debbie’s husband and Nick’s former friend would want to talk to me about. Although it really didn’t matter, I had more important things to focus on at the moment.
“I’m sorry to bother you, but it can’t wait,” he insisted. “It’s about Nick.”
Now he had my attention. “What about him?”
The other end of the line went quiet. All I could hear was his breathing.
I came to a stop at the only red light in Shimmer Lake. Mrs. Lucas and her husband drove by in their shiny new Town Car. Behind them were the Lewis twins driving their mother’s convertible. I knew everyone in Shimmer Lake and I wondered, as I waited for Brian to get to the point, if they would remember driving by me. After today, I’d be news.
Just as the light turned green, he spoke again. “I’m sorry to have to tell you this, Abby, but he’s out.” 
No shit, I thought, wishing he’d made this call a few hours earlier. If he had, I wouldn’t have spent the last few hours desperately searching for my daughter. She wouldn’t have left my side in the first place.
“I’m so sorry. I just heard,” he added, mistaking my silence for anger.
I was furious, just not at him. Nick was on the top of my list, as well as the idiots who let him out. “What happened? I thought he was supposed to be in for fifteen years.” Noah and I, along with our families, had attended the sentencing a few days after Nick was found guilty of two counts of attempted murder. We were looking for closure from a very horrifying experience. 
Brian sighed heavily. “He was paroled. Usually the victim is notified in advance and is allowed to speak at the hearing. But for some reason that didn’t happen.” He paused for a brief moment. “Honestly, I think his father had some influence on that decision.” Nick’s father was the captain at the Renwood East police precinct. Like his brother, Nick had followed in his father’s footsteps. They both were policemen, but while Nick chose to work in a different station, Rob elected to work with his father.
I was outraged by the whole situation and if I’d heard about it yesterday, I would probably have voiced my thoughts. However, after what happened this morning, it was moot. And since The General Store was coming into view, I had to finish the conversation. “Thanks for letting me know.” Tell everyone I love them and I did what I had to. I ached to say those words, but I couldn’t. Nick’s deep voice echoed in my mind. Tell anyone and she dies. My body went cold at the memory. I would not jeopardize my baby’s life.
“Of course. I called as soon as I heard. I hated what he did to you and I’m worried he might try again.”
“I’m grateful to have you looking out for me.” A lot of good it did. “Give my best to Debbie, okay?” I hung up as he was speaking. 
Stomping on the brakes and swinging into the store’s lot, I rushed out of the vehicle, leaving the door ajar, barely hearing the annoying ding, ding, ding that rang out from the car.
I ran toward the front of the store and stopped about ten feet away, hiding behind a stack of shelves filled with outdoor products. I couldn’t allow her to see me. My nose scrunched down at the smell of the bag of manure next to my head.
Hope was sitting on a stool in front of the cashier, eating a strawberry ice cream cone. The door was held open by a ratty old chair and her sweet voice floated toward me. She was chatting about Mr. Whiskers, Aunt Rosa’s tabby cat. I smiled at the sight of my baby, all the worry and panic washing away instantly.
When a cold hard object that I knew was a gun dug into my back, I froze, my smile evaporating. 
“Make the call.” His voice was a sharp whisper in my ear, the feel of his hot breath against my ear making my skin crawl.
My hands trembled as I pulled out my cell phone and dialed—my eyes still on my daughter.
“Did you find her?” Kathy’s worried voice erupted over the phone line after just one ring. “There’s no sign of her at the Mini-Putt or anywhere around here.” 
“Yes. Lucy from The General Store called. Somehow Hope ended up there. She’s having some ice cream.”
Kathy’s sigh of relief made me feel guilty for lying, yet I had no choice. “That’s such good news.”
“I know, I was so worried.” I smiled as Hope stood up and did a twirl, her brown corduroy skirt billowing out like one of those soldier parachutes my sister, Brenda, loved as a kid. Hope stopped spinning and began to show Lucy the dance she and her friend had created. “Listen,” I began, my voice wavering with what I had to say. “Would you be able to pick her up for me? One of my tires is flat,” I lied.
“Of course. I’ll see you soon.” Kathy hung up, no doubt anxious to see Hope. She loved her as if she were one of her own children. But that wasn’t surprising; my girl was easy to love.
The gun dug deeper into my back, pressing against my spine. “Good girl, now let’s go.”
As he yanked me toward a rusted brown pickup, I watched Hope’s sweet face until she was out of sight. I sent her a silent goodbye, unshed tears threatening to choke me.
My life for hers. That was the deal I agreed to when Nick called earlier and it was the deal I intended to stick to. When Noah arrived home, he would discover a letter next to the one I left Kathy. They were both short and to the point. To Kathy, it simply stated: “Take care of them.” And to Noah, I could only manage two words. “I’m sorry.”
Along with the note, I left my wedding rings and my locket. Before he died my father gave me a chain that held a beautiful locket containing a picture of both my parents. It was my most prized possession. I loved my father and missed him terribly. The locket was all I had left of him. When I was with Nick all those years ago, he threw it into my garbage disposal as punishment for something I had done. Thankfully Noah replaced it later, knowing how much I loved and missed it. The new one looked so much like the original, I sometimes forgot it wasn’t.
Knowing Nick, he would ruin it and my wedding rings. I couldn’t risk taking them with me, even though I hated to part with any of them. 
I was sure Kathy and Noah would understand my notes after Hope explained what happened. And if they didn’t, they would after speaking to Brian. Nick’s reappearance wouldn’t stay secret for long. 
As the truck roared to life and he pulled out of the store’s lot, I closed my eyes, the image of Hope’s sweet face laughing happily seared onto my brain. I would hold onto the memory as long as I could as a reminder of why I was doing this.

We drove for hours and in that whole time, I didn’t utter a word. What could I say? He’d just ripped me away from my daughter and the man I loved. I was in shock—gutted from the inside out. No words could describe how I felt.
Despite my own silence, Nick had plenty to say. As soon as we drove over Shimmer Lake’s town limits he started his rant. “Everything that happened today was your fault. If you just realized that you are mine and hadn’t left me in the first place eight years ago, none of this would have happened.”
I turned my head, looking out the window, watching the scenery change from houses to farms and then eventually fields, with the occasional house peeking out of the simplistic countryside.
I listened to him speak, yet refused to look at him. His words were hateful and I couldn’t face him.
“Every day I spent in that jail cell, I woke up with two things on my mind: getting you back, and killing your fake husband.”
I almost snorted at the word he used. Noah was my true love and always would be. It didn’t matter if Nick didn’t agree.
“It’s up to you which one comes true. I’ll leave him alone if you do whatever I say.”
Out of the corner of my eye I could see him point his finger at me, emphasizing his words. As if I needed the gesture to believe he would follow through with his threat. I had no doubt that he would. After all, the reason he was in jail in the first place was because he tried to kill me and Noah. I knew he hadn’t changed.
“Do you hear me?” He poked my leg, the tip of his nail digging into my flesh. I refused to acknowledge his question. I continued my perusal outward. Nothing in the cab of the truck interested me. He sighed, continuing his insufferable speech. “But in order for this to work, you just can’t come with me. You have to want to be here. I want our lives to go back to the way they were when we first met. We loved each other once and I know we can be happy together again. You just need to forget that the past seven years ever happened.” 
This time I did snort, quickly disguising it as a cough. How could he think it was possible to erase the happiest moments of my life? From the moment Noah and I said I do on Noah’s dock, expressing our love in front of our family and friends, my life had become a dream come true. Noah and Hope were my life, my reason for existence. Without them, what was the point? 
As Nick spouted his hatred, I actually thought of ending it all. He had ripped everything I cared for away from me. Why would I want to stay alive in his twisted world where I was expected to smile a fake smile, doting over him as if he were the one I loved? I was no Stepford wife. I wasn’t sure if I could pull it off. As the thoughts of ending everything entered my mind, I swiftly cast them away. I had to believe that I would somehow get out of this situation. I had to believe that I would see my family again. In that moment I vowed to play his game, just until I found a way out. Then I would go home to Noah and Hope—where I belonged. 

After driving all day, he finally stopped at a crappy motel and then proceeded to handcuff me to the steering wheel. I didn’t complain or even fight to be free. I was limp. Without the ones I loved, I felt like the life had been sucked out of me, as if I was simply a husk of a person. I had slid backwards, to the woman Nick created the last time we were together.
While he was gone, my gaze fell to the doors of the row of rooms in front of me. They were dull and grungy, speckled with white, chipped, peeling paint. I couldn’t help but wonder which one would open into the room where he would rape me. I understood what it was I had agreed to when I chose to give myself over to him and it made me sick. Yet I would do it again in a heartbeat to save Hope.
My first thought when he called this afternoon was to call Sam, Noah’s best friend. He was a police officer in Martin and I knew he would rush to save us. But it was too risky. Nick had said that if he caught a glimpse of anyone other than me, he would shoot my daughter. His exact words were, “It only takes a second for a bullet to hit a brain.” He told me that if he was going down, he would take one of us, if not both, with him. I didn’t care about myself, but I would do anything to protect my child. 
Now, though, as Nick stepped out of the office and began walking toward me, my body filled with dread. Fearing what was about to happen, I closed my eyes and pulled up the image of two sets of beautiful blue eyes. They were the ones I would focus on, the two people I loved the most in the world, yet couldn’t be with. When the sound of Hope’s phantom giggle bubbled up in my mind, a smile tugged at my lips. It was my favorite sound and I would try to remember it as long as I could.
My eyes snapped open as Nick stepped up to the door, yanking on the handle, the springs creaking in distaste. “There’s the smile I miss. I knew you would come around.” He leaned over and unlocked the cuff from the wheel, and my hands dropped onto my lap. I almost snorted with disgust at the idea that the smile was for him. Again, I held back. He yanked me closer and caressed my cheek with the pad of his thumb, a look of longing burning in his eyes. When he pulled away, I fought the urge to wipe my cheek off. “We belong together.”
I wanted to tell him that just because he continued to say the words didn’t make them true, but I stayed quiet. Until I could learn to speak words I didn’t mean, I had to remain that way.
I allowed him to lead me like a dog to the room, yanking on the cuff that hung from my wrist. Even though the metal dug into my skin, I didn’t protest. I couldn’t, I had nothing left inside of me. 
Once inside the room that was just as grungy as the outside, I expected him to pounce on me with either violence or vulgar intimacy. Thankfully, neither happened.
Instead, he sat me down on one of the beds and cuffed me to the headboard while he sprawled out on the other one, lying on his side.
He watched me intently with his head propped up on his hand, his messy dark hair falling over his fingers. He simply stared for several excruciating, long moments, his eyes and expression so intense, I had to look away. I was squirming under the scrutiny when he finally spoke. “I`m sorry.”
I blinked at him, so shocked by his words that I wasn’t sure if I heard him correctly. I didn’t know what to say, so I remained silent.
“I know you probably don’t believe me after what happened today, but I’m sorry about what I did to you when we were together and I’m sorry for almost killing you seven years ago.”
Even though it wasn’t the first time he’d apologized to me, I was still shocked that he had expressed any regret. I didn’t believe him though. He had just taken my daughter and threatened to kill my husband. He was obviously a sociopath with no morals.
He waited for a response from me, and when none came, he winced and spoke again. “It will be different this time, I promise. I won’t force you to do anything you don’t want to. I’m going to do everything I can to make you love me again.”
“Let me go.” My voice was raspy from not speaking for hours and the unshed tears that burned in my throat.
He closed his eyes as if my request had pained him, and then took a deep breath before opening them again. “I can’t do that. You do belong to me, but I’m going to try to treat you better.”
I swallowed a lump that suddenly formed in my throat. I’d allowed him to give me hope for a spilt second and the disappointment from his words washed over me like a tsunami. I had witnessed enough of his fake apologies and false promises in the past. I should have known better.
This time, it was I who closed my eyes, squeezing them tightly. Maybe if I couldn’t see him, I could imagine I was at home curled up next to my husband and not living the nightmare that was suddenly thrust upon me. I couldn’t believe that just yesterday, Noah, Hope, and I were together, celebrating Labor Day with our friends at the park. Now, here I was holed up with a monster in some seedy motel room in Nowheresville. It was so surreal, I felt like I was dreaming.
“I know you don’t believe me now, but in time you will.”
I couldn’t see what he was doing. The images of my family were in my mind and I didn’t want to open my eyes. 
“I’ll make you love me again, I know I will.” His voice was soft. “Let’s rest now. We’ve both had a long day.”
My eyes remained closed. The fantasy in my mind was so much better than my reality that I wanted to keep it for as long as I could.

When his breathing eventually slowed, I knew he’d fallen asleep. Since I was trapped to the stupid bed, escaping was out of the question. Even if I could, would I? He’d threatened to kill Noah. I wasn’t sure I could risk his life—again. 
Noah and Hope were ever present in my mind for the rest of the night. I worried that he would hate me for what I did. But more than anything, I feared he would come after me. Nothing good would come from that. Nick was an ex-cop, raised by a captain who’d been in the army. Noah was no match for him. The last time the two men met was proof of that. I now believed Nick was a deranged, egocentric maniac and Noah couldn’t fight someone like that. He needed to forget me and concentrate on raising our daughter. If we were meant to be together again, it was up to me. I would find a way.
Eventually the turmoil in my brain dulled to the point that I was able to drift off.
I dreamt I was sleeping in Noah’s arms. 



Chapter Four
Close Call

Over the next few days Nick was true to his word. He never once touched me, violently or intimately. Honestly, it was a little unsettling. When I agreed to go with him to save my daughter, I was prepared for the man I lived with all those years ago. Back then, he took what he wanted and treated me like a possession. In his mind, I was his to do with as he wanted, no matter how unspeakable the things were. I knew what it was I was agreeing to, and had expected it. I would have agreed to anything to save Hope.
But now, each day that he refrained from touching me in any way was making me edgy. If he held in all of his anger and rage he would undoubtedly become a ticking time bomb, the explosion inevitable, and I feared I would be too close to the blast to survive.
He woke up every day, disappeared into the bathroom for a while, and then slipped out of whatever fleabag motel he’d checked us into the night before to get us coffee and breakfast. When he returned, we ate the food he brought back in silence.
The only thing he had forced upon me was a box of brown hair dye. When he handed it to me without an explanation on our second day together, I hesitated. I understood what he was doing. We were on the run, pictures could be circulating and flashing across thousands of TV screens, and I needed a disguise. Yet, I hated the idea of changing my hair color. It was part of who I was. I’d inherited it from my mother, and shared the same shade with my sister. Among many other reasons, it tied me to them, made me a part of the same family.
Instead of getting agitated by my hesitation, Nick smiled and brushed his fingers across my cheek, reassuring me that I would be beautiful no matter what color my hair was. 
I didn’t tell him that wasn’t the reason for my reluctance. I simply took the box and headed into the bathroom, closing the door tightly behind me. I didn’t want an audience while I became another person.
When I was finished washing the chemical out and was lightheaded from the smell, Nick opened the door slightly, stretching his hand through. He was holding a pair of scissors. I looked down at them and cringed. Just like the color of my hair, the length was something that defined me. I had always worn it long, even as a child. It was well past the middle of my back when my father passed away. I kept it that long, give or take a few inches, ever since. I hated the idea of cutting it. But when I saw the hard expression on Nick’s face, I knew there was no sense in arguing.
I took the hated sheers from his grip and slammed the door in his face. 
When I emerged from the washroom twenty minutes later, I was a brunette with shoulder-length hair. Nick smiled and said it would be fun to experiment with my new look. I cringed at his implication and turned away, falling onto my bed to curl up in a ball, ignoring the rough, smelly blanket that lay under me. When I had looked in the mirror, I didn’t recognize myself. 
As the days passed, I continued with my voluntary vow of silence, too depressed to utter much more than “thank you” when he gave me food, or “I have to go the washroom” when I either needed to go or just wished to be away from him. I worried my silence would set him off in a rage and was ready to spout random words just to protect myself. Thankfully, it was never needed. He always smiled at me, speaking softly about how our relationship would be different this time or telling me information about his family. I didn’t know how he knew anything about them, because as far as I could tell he hadn’t had any contact since he was released. I also didn’t care. His father had blamed me for Nick going to jail and while I knew the rest of the family didn’t agree with him, they hadn’t contacted me once in seven years. 
Despite the positive change in Nick, I wasn’t fooled. He was simply in his wooing phase, like he’d been when we first met. But as I slept on yet another hotel room bed, cuffed to another headboard on Saturday morning, four days after I was taken, his true colors shifted to the surface.
“That son of a bitch!” His voice held the fury I knew all too well. It pulled me from welcome sleep. I kept my breathing slow and steady so he wouldn’t know I had awakened. “I wish I’d killed him when I had the chance.”
My heart froze, fearing the object of his ire and the person I loved deeply were one and the same. Despite my fright at his sudden mood, I needed to know what was happening. I opened my eyelids a crack. Nick’s back was facing me; he was standing in front of the tiny TV. I could see only half of the screen, but it was enough to explain Nick’s mood. 
I almost gasped when I saw the ruggedly handsome man that appeared on the screen. “Please bring her home,” Noah pleaded into the camera just before Nick’s and my pictures popped up on the right side of the screen. “I know you must care about her deeply, but she belongs at home with her family. She has a daughter that misses her terribly and doesn’t deserve to lose her mother.”
“I’m her family, you prick!” Nick yelled, flinging the glass of water he was holding at the TV. With an ear-splitting crash, the glass shattered, tiny shards scattering over the ugly shag carpet, while clear liquid dripped down the TV screen like a window on a rainy day. The TV was unaffected.
I must have made a sound after his violent display, because Nick spun around and caught me watching him. Instead of the rage he had just revealed seconds earlier, his face washed with guilt as he reached for the remote to flip off the TV, taking away the man I loved from me once again.
“I’m sorry I woke you.” His voice was soft, his act of being a normal boyfriend slipping over him like a Halloween costume. He sat down on the edge of the bed and reached out. I fought the urge to cringe as he gently stroked my forehead, his smooth fingers leaving an unwanted chill on my skin. “You have to get up now anyway. We need to leave.” His tone was laced with urgency. 
“Why?” I whispered, even though I was pretty sure I knew the reason. With our pictures now all over the television, we were more likely to be spotted. 
He grinned, but the smile seemed forced. “I finally found a home for us.”
“What do you mean?” My voice was raspy after days of near-silence.
“I got a job with a contractor. He’s in the process of building a new subdivision. We will finally be able to settle down.” He leaned over me, his musk cologne burning my nostrils as he reached for the cuff that was locked to the headboard. “And we can get rid of these.” 
The idea of moving farther away from my family both haunted and thrilled me. Although I would miss them terribly, I needed to get Nick as far away from them as possible. As long as he was near, they were in danger. They were my only priority.
My one selfish thought brought on by his statement was of the blasted handcuffs. I couldn’t wait to be rid of them. My wrists were cut and bleeding from moving around in my sleep, the metal digging into my skin every time I tossed and turned. I was careful before I drifted off, but once unconscious, I had no control over how much I moved. Nick tended to them daily, rubbing antiseptic on them and wiping away the blood. He acted as if the deed was out of love and he was helping me. His concerned expression was almost comical, considering I wouldn’t have the cuts if he hadn’t put me in the restraints—or kidnapped me in the first place.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
He drew away from me, his brown eyes flashing with remorse. “I can’t tell you that.” Clearly he was worried that I might somehow warn someone I encountered of our destination. What he didn’t realize was his concern was unfounded. He had threatened to kill my husband and I had every reason to believe that he would follow through with that threat if I stepped out of line. I was not going to put Noah in more danger than I already had.
I nodded, not interested in talking to him any longer. 
He stood up and held out his hand. “We should hurry.”
I allowed him to assist me and watched as he unlocked the cuff from the headboard. As I stepped over to the washroom to brush my teeth and change into clothes he purchased for me from a thrift store, the empty cuff bumped against my hand. I ignored the sting every time the metal dug into my open cuts with each movement.
Inside the closed bathroom door, I briefly considered whether or not I could fit through the tiny window. Like many times over the last week when I had contemplated an escape, I dismissed the idea. He would most likely catch me and punish me in a way I wasn’t ready yet to consider. Instead, I did as was expected and got ready for yet another day of travel. Gazing at myself in the mirror almost made me cry. It wasn’t just the hair I didn’t recognize, it was my eyes. They had been a light brown like my father’s before this horrible ordeal, but as I looked closely at the grungy mirror, it almost looked like the color of my irises was fading. I dismissed the thought and got dressed in the ripped jeans and ugly flowered shirt Nick had picked up for me. At least the clothes didn’t smell.
After brushing my teeth, I tackled my hair, brushing out tangles, trying not to think of Noah and how devastated he appeared on the TV. His face was pale and gaunt looking and he had dark circles under his eyes, as if he hadn’t been eating or sleeping. If that wasn’t enough to make me feel guilty for the choice I’d made, his voice had been worse. It was heavy with fear and concern. The pain he was suffering was clear, even from the tiny TV with the hollow-sounding speakers. He was terrified for me, knowing what kind of man Nick was. I wanted to do something to comfort him, but knew that was out of the question. My goal was to protect him and Hope from Nick at all costs. I would just have to live with the consequences.
Once I finished my tasks, I sighed heavily and headed back out to the room. Nick was closing his suitcase while he stood waiting for me. He was wearing black jeans and a navy blue police academy T-shirt.
“Ready?” he asked with a bright smile. For the first time since he’d nabbed me, I noticed a chip in his front tooth, like he’d been in a fight—maybe from his time in prison. My curiosity was piqued by the sight, yet I didn’t ask. I’d have to care about the answer.
Again I nodded, the image of Noah’s haggard appearance burning in my mind.

I was dreaming of smiles and laughter. The images were blurry and distant, yet I was happy. A little girl with long honey-blonde hair was twirling around in the sand on a beach, a big floppy hat cocked to the side on top of her head, and she was squealing, “I can’t see, I can’t see,” as she stumbled along, leaving little footprints in the soft sand.
My cheeks hurt from smiling at the sight.
Suddenly the image darkened. Storm clouds quickly hovered over the beach, silver lightning zig-zagging through the black sky, thunder crashing deafeningly through the air.
The little girl’s laughter fell away, replaced by panicked screams and cries. “Mommy, where are you! Help me!”
Sorrow like I’d never felt before invaded my body like a disease as I reached for the girl to protect her from the storm. I couldn’t grasp her; something held me back. Her big blue eyes were wide, filled with terror as she stretched her hand out to me… touching nothing. 
A shrill scream was cut off by a sudden voice. “Abby! Wake up.”
I felt something nudging me, pulling me from the clinging cobwebs that were holding me to the horrid dream.
The darkness suddenly faded to nothing but the back of my eyelids. The first sound I was aware of was the hum of the truck motor and the next…his voice. “Abby, come on, wake up.”
My face was smushed against the window, which must have been the reason my right cheek was cold. The vibrations of the motor made my skin tingle. I sat up and glanced around at my surroundings, remnants of the disturbing dream hovering in my mind. I blinked at the empty road ahead. The sun was shining, glaring off a station wagon a few feet in front of us.
“What were you dreaming about? You were crying.”
Unwilling to discuss my daughter with the man that yanked me from her, I shook my head and mumbled, “I don’t remember.” I stared at the road ahead, preferring it to the view to my left. 
“I’m stopping in the next town for gas.”
Still not overly conversational, I nodded my head, knowing what the drill was. I was to stay in the truck, handcuffed to the wheel, hunched down in the seat so no one would notice me. Five days of traveling with him, I was an expert. 
We drove in silence for the next few minutes, with only the radio between us. He’d tried to start a conversation several times over the last few days, but it wasn’t an easy feat when it was one-sided. I had nothing to say to him.
I was looking out the window not really focusing on the scenery when the truck started to slow. We were turning into a service station when an urge hit me. “I have to pee.”
His head swiveled to face me, his eyes accusing. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier, I would have stopped along the side of the road.” That was the usual method. He didn’t allow me to leave the truck in public places.
“I didn’t have to go then.”
He let out a frustrated breath, eyeing our surroundings. There was only one other vehicle outside of the store. Its driver—a young woman in her late teens with a cell phone stuck to her ear as she filled her tank—wasn’t looking at us. “Fine, but if you do anything I don’t like, someone will die.” He leaned down, pulling his gun out from the pocket of the driver’s side door, tucking it into the back of his pants.
“I won’t,” I promised, picking up the baseball cap that sat on the seat between us. I used it whenever we had to leave the truck. I slid it onto my head while Nick climbed out to pump the gas. 
When he finished, he came around to open my door, taking off the cuffs with a tiny key and stuffing them into the glove box. With hard eyes, he grabbed my arm. His fingers digging into my skin was yet another warning to stay quiet. “I mean it. No funny business.”
I nodded, my bladder expanding more by the second.
The ding above the door alerted our entrance, but the only person in the store was the pimple-faced cashier, who didn’t look up from his phone. He must have been watching something humorous since he was smiling, an occasional snort I took to be laughter bursting out between pursed lips.
Nick and I scanned the oversized room filled with rows of junk food, and oddly—fishing tackle. We spotted the washrooms next to shelving filled with feminine products at the same time. He led me forward, his grip tight, until we reached the washroom. He pushed the door open and sighed with relief when it exposed only a single stall. He let me go. “I’ll be watching you,” he warned, closing the door behind him.
Rolling my eyes at his absurdly obvious statement, I placed strands of toilet paper onto the disgusting seat and then squatted to do my business, only it wouldn’t come. I had stage fright. Nick’s constant presence was making me tense. I wasn’t one to crave the presence of others. As a writer, I had the characters inside my head to keep me company. The longest I’d gone in solitude was a week when I’d first left Nick, and although I did miss the company of others, I could do without it. Even when I was living with my family, Noah had his work, Hope went to school, and I worked alone. I wasn’t used to being in the company of someone else twenty-four-seven. It was unnerving, although the circumstances might have had more to do with my feelings than anything else.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, pushing all thoughts of my jailer out of my mind and before long, I could hear the trickle I was waiting for. It was cut off when Nick banged on the door telling me to hurry up. I gritted my teeth, holding in a smart remark that was just itching to come out, and finished up.
He was standing right outside the door when I opened it. “All set?” he asked with a casual smile that didn’t reach his eyes. They were strained and his hands were balled into fists.
I nodded, taking a step forward. Nick grabbed my arm, holding it as tightly as before.
A big man with a tattoo on his right upper arm was paying for gas when we approached the awkward teen. I stood nervously, glancing around, my hands trembling. “Relax,” Nick whispered out of the side of his mouth. 
As the man in front of us handed over his cash, I spotted a woman in the candy aisle, bent over the Tootsie Rolls. She was wearing a blue uniform. I froze when she stood up, exposing her badge, conflicting emotions running through my brain. She was a policewoman.
Just as I opened my mouth to scream for help, my eyes fell on the gun in Nick’s waistband and his threat came back to me. There were three people in the store. Who would he shoot to save himself?
I couldn’t do it. I hated the thought of spending even one more second with Nick, but I wouldn’t risk someone else’s life to save my own. Before I could lean forward to warn my kidnapper, his body went rigid. His eyes were fixed to the wall behind the cashier. 
“Next?” the pimply teen called out when the man in front of us left the store, the bell above the door notifying us of his exit.
I nudged Nick forward, pulling him out of his rigid stance. He stepped up to the cashier and handed the boy his money. Confusion over what had upset him drew my eyes to where his gaze had been fixed a moment before. There was a wall of missing persons posters ranging from children to a few senior citizens. My picture was on the top, as if it had been recently placed there. The photo was new, taken during the Labor Day picnic. I had posed with Hope in front of me. On the poster, though, Hope was cropped out, showing me only from my elbows up.
Panic rose from the pit of my stomach, swelling inside my chest. We were trapped between a cop and a hard place—or more specifically a wall with my photo that told the world I was missing. Fearing the lives of the people around me, I ducked my head, hoping to hide my face, and took Nick’s hand. 
Surprised, he peered down at me and smiled. He thanked the cashier and led me out, whispering, “That was close,” into my ear.
I held my breath until we were safely inside the truck and pulling away. I watched the policewoman wander up to the register, having made her decision, with a stab of regret piercing my heart. 
The officer must have been on her way home because there was no sign of a police cruiser; the only car that was outside was a silver SUV. I hadn’t had the chance to tell Nick about how close of a call it actually had been and I decided I wasn’t going to. He hadn’t noticed the cop and I couldn’t help but feel that if he knew she was there, it would set him off. He had allowed me to go into the gas station against his better judgment. If he knew she was there, he might not allow me the privilege again. I didn’t want to risk the chance to use an actual bathroom in the future. Peeing on the side of the road was getting old fast.

Chapter Five
Home Sweet Hell

“What do you think?” Nick asked as he stepped inside what was to be our new home. Holding the handcuff that was once again connected to my arm, he dragged me to the table, where I sat down. He let go and dropped his suitcases onto the kitchen floor.
We were in a small town called River Valley, about an hour outside of Tucson. We’d driven for two days, only stopping to sleep. I was almost happy when he said we had arrived at our destination. Basically living in the cab of his stinky, messy truck was really getting old. If the smell of his feet wasn’t enough to repulse me, the continuous motion from driving was literally making me sick. If I ever had to sit inside of that thing again, it would be too soon.
Despite my relief that the drive was over, I couldn’t help but fear that now that we had found a hideout, the reprieve Nick had been giving me would cease to exist and he’d become the monster that I remembered. Even though I hadn’t trusted his promise, he hadn’t slipped again since he saw Noah on TV. The few times we rented a hotel, he left the TV off. I tried not to think of my family, because when I did, my heart ached and tears would pool in my eyes, but I held them back. I wouldn’t let Nick see me break. 
Back in the kitchen, Nick moved to the cupboards and started looking through them. “I know it’s small, but it’s all I could afford. I didn’t have much money saved. That’s going to change when I start working.” He paused and looked at me over his right shoulder. “I thought about having you get some funds from your bank account, but decided it was too risky.” He smiled. “Wouldn’t want to get caught now, would we?”
He gazed at me, waiting for an answer. I knew if I spoke, I wouldn’t sound convincing. Instead, I nodded. He was used to my intentional mutism; it didn’t seem to bother him at all. 
His grin widened before he leaned down to kiss me on the lips. Shocked, I almost gasped. It was the most contact he’d attempted all week. He lingered for a few seconds before pulling away, his expression soft and dreamy. “Welcome home,” he whispered, reaching down to lock the loose cuff to the top of the kitchen chair I was sitting next to.
I watched him saunter back outside to get the rest of his belongings. I only had an extra set of clothes and a plain white nightgown that he picked up for me.
Once he was gone, I glanced around the room. The kitchen was dated. A burn mark was noticeable on the counter and a small pear-shaped stain marred the brown and beige tiled floor; other than that, it was tidy. There was a slight scent of must, but that was to be expected in a house that had been closed up.
During our long drive to River Valley, Nick had explained his expectations of me once we settled in and he started his new job. During the day while he was gone, I was to clean our new house and have dinner on the table when he returned home. I asked how I would be able to do that since he hadn’t yet taken the cuffs off. His only response was, “I’ll think of something.” Those words made me uneasy. I had a feeling it would be some time before I’d get a taste of any form of freedom. He was still unsure of my love for him. Apparently I had to prove that my feelings were real. I imagined I’d be locked up for good, because I wasn’t that good of an actress.
I jumped at the sound of the door when he banged it open, the thick oak crashing against the now dented refrigerator. Carrying the remainder of his belongings, he nodded at me and then disappeared through a door I assumed was the bedroom. A ball of terror formed in my stomach at the thought of what might happen in there. He had kissed me earlier; God knew what he’d do next.
He was back a few minutes later and uncuffed me. “Let me show you to your new bedroom.” He had to drag me into the room and once inside, he led me to the fully made bed to lock me onto the headboard. “I need you to stay here while I go out for supplies. When I come back, you can cook us dinner.” 
He didn’t wait for a response before heading to the doorway. “Hopefully, your cooking skills have improved.” He said this with a laugh.
I watched him disappear, and listened for the outside door to close before I sank into the mattress, and then…the tears came. I cried for Hope, Noah, and everyone I left behind. The loss of my previous life was like the loss of a loved one. It was as painful as when my father died. When I was twelve and I lost half of my parental unit, it felt like a piece of me had died with him. For a child to go through that was unspeakable. It was truly the worst time in my life up until I met Nick.
Although thankfully, the rest of my family weren’t dead, I didn’t know if and when I’d ever see them again. The only thing I was sure of was that I was stuck with Nick. The fear of what my future held with him was frightening. I gave myself over to him to save my daughter. I would die for her, but now that it was about to happen, I wished for death.
By the time Nick returned, I’d long since cried myself to sleep. Hours of traveling was more than enough to tire me out, but that was nothing compared to the way the emotionally draining crying jag had affected me. I was spent from the outburst, and drenched right through to my skin from all the tears. Yet nothing could wash away the fear, guilt, and longing I felt for my family. I would miss them for the rest of my life—if it came to that. Their images would be forever seared in my mind. At least I hoped so. My biggest fear was that I would forget what they looked like, or forget the sound of their laughter and voices. 
At the feel of a nudge on my shoulder, I opened my eyes. Nick was standing over me, holding a long rope attached to a harness. A feeling of dread formed in the pit of my stomach as I stared at the black leather contraption. His lips curled into a smirk. “I figured out a way for you to be free inside the house.” I almost laughed at his use of the word “free.” At this point, the only thing that would allow me to be free of him was a knife to his heart. “This way you can cook, go to the washroom, and even write. I found a typewriter at a pawn shop.”
I forced a smile, only because I knew he would expect one. “That’s great.” My voice was soft, lacking the emotion he expected. I needed to hone my acting skills or his rage would show sooner than later.
After setting his load onto the bed, he leaned over and unlocked the cuffs—both of them. For the first time since the brief bathroom break fiasco, my hands were free. I almost sighed with relief when the cool air kissed the burning skin of my tender, torn up wrists. 
“I really do hate locking you up, but you have to prove to me that I can trust you.” He held up the harness, the metal buckles clinking against each other. “Take off your top.” His eyes glinted as they fell to my chest.
I gulped, my heart hammering as I stared at him. 
When I hesitated, he frowned, a touch of irritation sparking in his eyes. “Do it.” His voice was stern, and I knew from experience that if I disobeyed any further, the irritation I detected would escalate to fury. 
Slowly, I lifted the blue cotton top I had worn for the last three days over my head. My arms trembled as the fabric brushed my face, a slight hint of sweat and dirt wafting over me. I held the material in my hand and peered uncomfortably down at the bed. It wasn’t the air that cooled my skin, it was his heated stare. I wasn’t looking at him, but I could feel his hungry gaze. My blood turned to ice in my veins. 
I heard him chuckle. “When did you get so shy?” he asked. 
Since I became a married woman and felt that I would be betraying the man I loved by exposing myself to another. I kept my thoughts to myself, knowing the outcome if I voiced them. 
Guilt crushed my heart as Nick reached out and brushed his finger along my shoulder, running it down my arm. I wanted to vomit.
Luckily, he stopped at my elbow and drew his hand away. He picked up the harness and handed it to me. Attached to the harness was not a rope like I had initially assumed; it was something that resembled my mother’s old clothes line. It was a metal cable with thin clear plastic wrapped around it. It was unbreakable. 
I stared at it, humiliation pushing the guilt away. Again I hesitated; I hated the idea of putting this on. Shame and degradation was a living thing, blooming inside of me, spreading its way through my veins. If it was possible, I loathed him even more for suggesting such a thing.
When Nick sighed impatiently, I took it from him and pulled it over my arms. I stared over his shoulder as he fastened the buckles, and almost cried when he pulled a lock out of his pocket and linked them together. “There. Now you won’t be able to wander off.” Like I was a dog.
“Can I put my shirt back on?” I asked wearily, afraid of the answer. It wasn’t just that I felt exposed in only my bra and the confounded harness, I was also chilled. The leather and buckles were cold against my skin and the air in the house was cooler than normal. The heat must have been turned off until Nick rented it. 
His eyes narrowed. “Why?”
I used the only excuse he would accept. “I’m cold.” 
He nodded slightly.
Before he could change his mind, I yanked the fabric over my head, feeling instant relief once it was back in place. His heated gaze on my body made me feel dirty.
He stood up and went to the metal radiator located under the bedroom window. Unraveling the rope, he threaded the hook at the end through one of the vents and then put another lock onto the hook. 
I was trapped. Unless I could get the keys or gnaw through the impenetrable rope, there was no way of getting out of my new prison. But again, I wasn’t sure I wanted to. 
I was torn. 
While I desperately craved an escape, I knew his threats against Noah were real. The image of Noah lying in a hospital bed seven years ago after being shot by Nick replayed in my mind. 
No, there would be no running for me. As much as I hated the idea of being trapped with the man that tormented and tortured me, I had to accept my new life.
“I got food,” Nick informed me, interrupting my depressing thoughts. “Why don’t you go start dinner while I get some rest? I’ve been driving a long time.”
I nodded, taking a step away from him, the rope bumping against the back of my leg like a tail. Just as I reached the doorway he grabbed my arm, swinging me back around to face him. His eyes darkened as he leaned down to touch his lips to mine. The kiss only lasted a few seconds and I was able to walk away from him repressing my gag reflex.
Inside the kitchen, I found multiple bags on the counter and the table. Apparently, I was to be his slave. I would cook, clean, and eventually be his lover whenever he wanted.
As complete misery threatened to consume me, the sound of his snoring erupted from the bedroom. I pushed the thoughts away, silently cheering my newfound freedom, and crept into the room.
Quietly as I could, I tiptoed toward the man I hated deep within my soul.
I stood above him, watching his lips tremble slightly as he breathed, his throat gurgling a soft snore. There was days’ worth of stubble on his face and a small scar above his lip, just above the tooth with the chip. Again, I wondered if these were marks from a fight he’d been in when he was in prison.
Startled by the sound of a rumble deep within his chest, I reached over and picked up the pillow lying next to him. I stood silently, the pillow clasped tightly in my grip. Hovering above him, I contemplated shoving it onto his face, cutting off all of his air—ending his life and my misery. That was all it would take to fix everything. I should do it, I thought. He had done so much more to me and people I cared about. DO IT! a voice inside me screamed. Could I? Could I take a life? As I leaned closer, the pillow only inches from his face, I answered my own question.
No.
I would not sink to his level. He might break me, make me his slave, and take away my soul, but I would not become him. Instead, I returned the pillow to its former spot on the bed and went out to the kitchen to do what I was told. I needed to survive this situation and I was determined to do just that.

 By the time Nick woke up and made his entrance, I had the kitchen organized and dinner cooking. His lips turned up in a groggy smile. “It smells delicious. You must have learned how to cook since we were together.”
I nodded. “I had to cook for—” I stopped midsentence. He must have known I was going to say “my family” because he narrowed his eyes at me, his jaw locked. “People,” I mumbled, opening the oven to pull out the chicken. 
He stepped over to the table and sat down. I had already set it with the dishes that came with the house. “How did you find this place?” I asked, hoping to lighten his mood as I plated the chicken and dished out the mashed potatoes and corn.
“From my new boss. He said it was the only one in town that was fully furnished.”
I handed him his plate and placed mine on the table. Lifting my rope over the top of the chair, I sat down. “How did you find your job?”
He grinned. “Look at you, interested in your man’s life.”
My man was back in Shimmer Lake with my daughter. My living nightmare was seated across the table from me. Instead of responding to his absurd words, I simply shrugged.
“To answer your question, I answered an ad on Craigslist. Since they took away my badge, I can no longer be a police officer. Not that I would anyway. It’d be easier to find me if I worked on a local force.”
I took a bite of the chicken as if his words didn’t affect me in the slightest, like we were discussing the weather instead of my abduction. After I swallowed, I watched him eat for a few moments before saying, “My clothes are starting to stink.” I could change them, but I only had one more outfit and it was dirty as well. I needed more clothes, but I didn’t want a damn thing from him.
He nodded, taking a drink of his beer that I had placed on the table. “When I get paid next week, I will buy you more, but for now there is a washer and dryer in the washroom. We both need clean clothes.” He took a few bites of his food and then mumbled. “That will give you something to do when I go to work tomorrow.” 
I almost cried with joy at the thought of being away from him for a whole day. Instead of answering him, I simply nodded. 
He grinned at my confirmation of his demand. “See, I knew you’d be happy with me again.”
I smiled faintly. It was all I could manage before stuffing more food into my mouth. The idea that he thought doing his laundry would make me happy was truly ludicrous. 
His empty plate was suddenly in my line of sight, his fingers gripping it tightly. “I’d like some more.”
Fighting the urge to tell him to get it himself, I nodded reluctantly, standing up and obliging his request. When I gave the now filled plate to him, he dug in once again. When he was finished, he shoved his dish away and pushed back in his chair. “I can’t believe how good of a cook you are now.” He smiled at me, his expression relaxed and happy. He pointed at me. “See, I told you years ago that you would be better at cooking if you just stopped writing those silly books.”
I held in the anger that flared at the idea that my ability to cook had anything to do with him. I chose to learn after my daughter was born. She meant so much to me; I wanted to create healthy home-cooked meals. And even though I was busy with raising a child and learning to cook, I still found the time to write. It was my career and I loved it. I didn’t say any of these things, instead choosing to ignore his insinuation and the silly writing comment and standing up to collect our dishes. I stopped at the sink and turned on the water, adding some dish soap.
“I’m going to go for a drive around town to check things out. Have this cleaned up when I get home and maybe we can play cards or watch TV together.” He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my neck. “I might even let you have a bath tonight, you are starting to smell.”
That’s what happens when you’re trapped to beds and don’t shower for a week, I thought to myself as I placed our dishes into the wash bin.
He kissed my neck again and then pulled away. “I won’t be long,” he called over his shoulder before stepping outside. The door closed behind him and I heard a deadbolt turn.
If I didn’t already feel trapped by being on a leash like a dog, now I realized I was literally locked inside. There was no way out. A sudden shudder of claustrophobia ran through me.
Pushing away the emotion that was suddenly escalating toward terror, I thought of Hope. I wondered what she was doing at that very moment and if she was enjoying the new school year. Had she sung songs while Ms. Hannigan played along on her guitar?
Thinking of my daughter, I felt a genuine smile form on my lips. It was the first since that morning a week ago. The smile prompted more happy thoughts, including a memory from seven years ago. That day I was also doing the dishes… 
“What are you doing?” Sylvia asked suddenly, making me jump. Just a moment ago, I’d been alone in the kitchen. Her sudden appearance had surprised me. 
My freshly manicured hands were immersed in warm soapy water and as I twisted to face her, some of it splashed up against the chrome, avoiding my dress. “What does it look like?” I replied dryly, returning to my task. I washed a wine glass, scrubbing at the lipstick stuck on the edge. 
“It looks like you’re doing the dishes.” She folded her arms in front of her, her head tilted to the side as she studied me; a stray strand of hair fell out of her bun, brushing against the side of her face. She was still wearing her dress; her silver beads cascaded over her arms.
“Wow, Sylvia, you’re still sharp as a tack, can’t get anything past you, can I?” I mumbled, not looking away from the sink.
She smirked at me, her wrinkled hand shooting out to smack my arm. “You know what I mean, you brat.”
I laughed; teasing Sylvia had become one of my favorite pastimes. “I just wanted to get some of this done.” I gestured to the small mountain of soiled dishes piled on the counter of Noah’s kitchen. “It’s going to take all night.”
Sylvia grabbed a dish towel and began drying a plate that was soaking in the extra sink. She sighed heavily, running the cloth over the white ceramic dish. “You do know that the caterers are going to do this as soon as they finish their break, right?”
I nodded my head absently, concentrating on the coffee cup in my hands. “I know. I just wanted to help out a bit.”
She was silent for a few moments. The only sound in the kitchen was the odd clink as I placed the clean, wet dishes into the sink. We could also hear excited voices drifting in through the windows while our guests enjoyed the reception. “What are you really doing in here?” Her voice was soft, filled with concern.
“I like to do dishes, it relaxes me.”
“Yes, but you’re in your wedding dress. You should be celebrating. You just married the best young man I know.”
I grinned. “You’re biased.”
“This is true.” She placed the glass and coffee cup in the cupboard above her. “Tell me what’s bothering you,” she implored quietly.
I took a few moments to collect my thoughts and then blurted, “I keep waiting for something to go wrong.” I stilled my hands, but left them soaking in the hot soapy water. “I’ve never been so happy in my life, and after the last couple of years I’ve had, I keep expecting something to ruin it.”
“You mean Nick.”
I gave her a slight nod. 
She sighed again and wrapped her arms around me. Since my hands were still in the sink and I didn’t want to get her pretty dress wet, I didn’t return the hug. “Now you listen to me,” she whispered in my ear. “That man has terrorized you enough, don’t let him win by worrying. He’s in jail, he can’t hurt you anymore.”
I knew she was right, I had witnessed it for myself by going to see him. No one knew I did, not even Nick himself. I had asked the guard to simply let me observe him from afar, just to confirm his confinement. The guard had two children and recognized me as the author of Wendy’s Wish and obliged. In order to move forward and marry Noah, I had to first make sure my past was behind me.
Sylvia drew away from me, pulled my hands out of the sink, and dried them with her towel. “Now, let’s get back out there, your husband is looking for you.”
I felt a giddy burst of excitement at her use of the word “husband.” I smiled, shaking off my distress, and grabbed her hand. Together we emerged from my new home into the crowd.
“There you are, beautiful,” I heard from behind me.
I grinned from ear to ear as the happiness that had overwhelmed me when I said I do to this man returned.
“I’m back.” Nick’s booming voice pulled me out of my reverie. I had finished the dishes while I was daydreaming and was just sitting at the table lost in a faraway place. “What are you doing?” he asked, taking the chair across from me.
“Nothing,” I lied. Nick hadn’t been able to ruin my wedding day. But I was right to worry; he’d made me a promise the day he shot Noah, that it wasn’t over. I should have taken him more seriously. I shouldn’t have allowed Noah to talk me into marrying him. If I had stood my ground, we wouldn’t be in this situation. Although then there wouldn’t be a Hope, and I wasn’t sure I could bear a world without my daughter in it. 
“You look tired. Are you ready for bed?” he asked, standing up and holding out his hand.
I swallowed heavily, placing my palm in his. He led me to the bedroom and dug out my nightgown. Instead of leaving me to change on my own as he had the last few days, now he undressed me. I cried silently when each garment of clothing was lifted from my skin. Feeling vulnerable, standing in nothing but my panties, bra, and the harness, I cringed as he ran his eyes up and down my body hungrily. I stood still, gazing down at my feet, not wanting to see his reaction or him to see mine. I feared him, though I couldn’t show him that.
“You will be mine again soon,” he whispered softly just before slipping the silky nightgown over my head. I tried not to look sick by his statement.
Once I was dressed, I sat on the bed staring down at the floor while he removed his own clothes. From the corner of my eyes I could see that he had left on his underwear. I sighed gratefully, despising the idea of him sleeping naked next to me. 
He settled under the covers, holding them open for me. Once I lay down, he wrapped his body around mine and closed his eyes. “Mmm,” he mumbled happily. “I missed this.”
It wasn’t long before his breathing slowed and I was sure he fell asleep. Only then was I able to close my own eyes, drifting into sweet oblivion where there was no Nick—just the people I loved.




Chapter Six
Captive

Nick’s first demand the following morning after allowing me to shower was for me to make his lunch for work.
While I followed his order, he set up the typewriter I had no intention of using, placing it on the kitchen table. With a smile in my direction, he stuffed paper into it, adding a pile of crisp, clean copier-sized paper next to the old machine.
Since I wasn’t interested in what he was doing, I placed the sandwiches (minus the spit I’d been tempted to add) and a few drinks into a small lunch cooler he’d picked up yesterday while he was out. 
“So,” he asked excitedly, pointing to the impromptu writing station he’d just set up. “What do you think?”
Wasn’t it just last night he called my writing silly?
Too afraid to voice my true feelings about his attempt to bribe me into loving him, I faked a smile. “Thank you, Nick.” I knew I would never use the thing. To me writing was emotional. Without the ideal frame of mind, all that would appear in my brain was a thick impenetrable blank wall. Even at home in Shimmer Lake, if I was having a bad day or in a sullen mood, nothing would come. And those days were nothing compared to the emotional state I found myself in now. Unless I sat down and listed how much I hated Nick and all the ways I wished I could kill him, my fingers would not be touching those keys.
Taking a step forward, he wrapped his unwelcome arms around me, his strong cologne mixed with a slight hint of body odor despite his earlier shower. “You’re welcome. I want you to be happy and I know you love writing.” He released me, his lips turning up into a smirk. “Even if they are silly kids’ books.”
My forced smile disintegrated at his insult, but he didn’t seem to notice he insulted me or even care. He reached over, picked up the cooler, and moved to the door. “I’ll be back around six.” 
And then he was gone, the lock thudding into place on the other side. The sound seemed so deafening and final, it rattled my ears. My body trembled with the noise.
Once I was alone again, all the feelings I had suppressed in Nick’s presence rushed to the surface. My emotions were like a hurricane, swirling inside of my body. Now that he was gone, the levees had broken. I was overwhelmed with guilt, fear, and most of all, longing. I wanted to see my daughter and husband. I missed them so terribly my heart ached and cracked wide open. Sliding to the floor, I allowed the tears to flow, knowing that when he came back, they would be pushed back inside of me once again.
I sat on the floor and relived important days of my past. Since I couldn’t see my family I would remember our happy times together. Images of our wedding, our honeymoon, and Hope’s birth flashed through my mind, making the tears flow even harder. Hope’s birthdays were always a special occasion. Our families would come up from Renwood to celebrate with us and Hope was always excited when she unwrapped her gifts.
Thinking of the time she lost a tooth in the night while she slept brought a smile to my face. She’d been so upset when she couldn’t find it the next morning. When I told her the Tooth Fairy would most likely come anyway, sensing that Hope had in fact lost a tooth, she responded with, “Why would she give me a dollar if there’s nothing to trade for it?” I had to suppress my smile at the genuine worry marring her features. We all laughed a few days later when Noah found the blasted tooth in one of his socks. He must have stepped on it the morning after, when he woke her up. 
Back in the lonely kitchen, after what felt like hours of crying over what I’d lost, the tears eventually dried up, leaving me feeling exhausted and spent.
With a heavy sigh, I stood up, wondering what I would do with the rest of the day. Since I had yet to see it, I wandered into the living room. So far, I had only been in the bedroom, kitchen, and bathroom. After I showered this morning, I’d started our laundry. With our clothes drying in the dryer, I’d soon be able to get out of the gross nightgown I was still wearing.
The living room was like the rest of the house, dated but tidy. The walls looked freshly painted a pale beige, but the brown shag carpet had seen better days. The furniture was worn and looked inviting. There was a large bay window in the center of the room, but it was covered with mini-blinds. When I tried to open them, hoping for some sunlight, they refused to budge, as if they were locked somehow. When I looked them over, I could see no reason why they wouldn’t open. 
Giving up on seeing the outside world, I plunked down on the sofa, lifting my tail—as I had begun to call my hated rope—up onto the top of the cushions. I scanned the room and almost cried when I noticed a large shelving unit filled with books. I jumped up, grateful that I would have something I loved that could fill the hours of time that hovered in front of me. There was a variety of titles, from children’s (none of mine) to mystery, romance, and even classic literature. When I spotted the complete works of Jane Austen, I picked it up and took my place back on the couch. I had read all of her books when I was in my late teens. It was when I went through my romantic stage, and after that was a magical one, reading all of the Harry Potter books.
Thankfully, the book was enormous, giving me plenty to read. Opening the front cover, I took in the musty smell that usually accompanied old books and grinned. I envisioned my prison sentence a little more bearable.
I read until lunch, stopping only when my stomach started to growl. Before getting myself something to eat, I pulled the clothes out of the dryer and after folding them I stuffed them into the dresser that came with the house. Then I changed into my clothes and headed back to make my lunch.
I’d just made a sandwich and was planning to eat in the living room with my book when there was a knock at the door. I froze, half the ham and cheese poised in front of my mouth. At first I thought I must have imagined it, but then…it came again: knock, knock. Unsure of what to do, I set my sandwich on the table and tiptoed toward the door, my tail dragging on the floor behind me. I leaned against the cool wooden surface, my ear touching the oak. I heard muffled conversation. There was more than one person on the other side. 
“Hello,” a friendly female voice called out, making me jump and back away.
My heart stopped beating for several seconds while I processed what was happening. I stared at the door in front of me like it had suddenly morphed into the gates of hell. Fear kickstarted my heart, pumping adrenaline through my veins, transforming the fear into exhilaration. My breathing quickened, and my heart began to race. This was my chance, my way to escape the madman that had claimed me.
My instinct was to answer her, to tell her I was locked inside and ask for help. I opened my mouth to do exactly that, but then…stopped. Just like at the rest stop days ago, fear overrode the joy I felt.
What if Nick came home before they were able to get me out? What if he caught us in the act and he hurt them? What if I got away and Nick killed my husband?
It was the last thought that kept me silent. 
Holding my breath, I listened to what must be two women talking so low I could barely hear them. The voices eventually drifted away and even though it was my own fault that they were leaving, my stomach plummeted to the floor in disappointment. I loathed being with Nick and wondered when he would raise his fists or force himself upon me. I loathed being imprisoned and not seeing my family. This situation sucked, but I could see no way out of it.
I took a deep breath, pushing the selfish thoughts from my mind. I was here for a reason. I just had to keep reminding myself of that. I was being punished for bringing Nick into the lives of the people I loved. I’d take my punishment if it meant that they were safe.
Despite the fact that I had allowed them to walk away, I stood with my back to the door, crumpled to the floor …and cried. After this morning I didn’t think I had any tears left.
Once my pity party ended, I pulled myself together and ate my sandwich. When I was finished, I had a nap. The idea of sleeping without Nick next to me or watching me while I slept was way too appealing to pass up.
When Nick returned home a few hours later, I had dinner waiting. While we ate, he told me about his day of working on a house where he was putting up Sheetrock. He said it was tedious work, but easy. He also laughed and said it wasn’t as bad as applying the compound and sanding; that was some poor kid’s job. I didn’t really understand what he was talking about since I’d never been involved with building or renovating a house. However, I nodded and smiled at appropriate times and that seemed to placate him.
When he asked how my day went, I decided to leave out the visit from the women. “It was fine.” 
“Fine? That’s it?” He took a bite of his food. “Did you get any writing done?”
I shook my head. “Uh…no. I tried, but nothing would come.” 
“So, what did you do all day?”
The sound of a car rushing by on the road outside made me wish I had the guts to signal it, but after what happened today, there was no point in even thinking those thoughts. I was trapped here.
“I did our laundry. Once it was folded and put away, I read. I found a bunch of books in the living room. And after lunch I had a nap.”
He looked at me, his face blank. “That’s it?” His voice held a slight edge of irritation. 
Panicked, I tried to think of an answer that would keep him calm. “I haven’t been sleeping well so I thought I would catch up on some sleep. I wanted to be wide awake when you came home.” I had learned seven years ago to spin things in a way to benefit him. He was self-centered enough to believe that everything was about him. It was surprising how quick it came back to me.
It must have worked, because instead of continuing his interrogation about my day, he went back to his food. We ate the rest of the meal in silence. 
After I finished the dishes he demanded I watch TV with him. I hadn’t even seen a TV when I was exploring earlier, and when he pulled it out of a closet, I understood why. After seeing Noah’s press conference, he’d been limiting what we watched.
Of course it was sports that he chose, and since I didn’t care for basketball, I read my book again. I jumped each time he yelled at the TV. His booming voice had always frightened me. After seven years the fear had not subsided. He caught my jumpy response after yelling at the referee for a bad call. His expression softened as he placed his hand on my leg and gazed into my eyes. “I don’t want you to fear me.” He moved closer, touching his lips to my forehead. “I love you.” It was the first time in a week that he’d used those words, but they did not affect me, simply because it wasn’t true. No one could harm the person they loved—no sane person anyway.
I wanted to shrink away from his declaration, but self-preservation had my lips forming into a forced smile. 
“I don’t expect you to say it back. I just wanted you to know how I felt. I’ve never stopped loving you, even when you turned to another.” His jaw locked when he spoke the final words.
I had no idea how to react or what words to use to prevent him from flipping out. I felt as if I was walking on glass barefoot, no matter how lightly I treaded, I would still get hurt. “I don’t know what you want me to say,” I whispered, hoping he didn’t hear the fear in my voice. 
“Just that you will give me a chance to make it up to you.” He leaned his forehead onto mine, pushing a little too hard to be considered a loving gesture. “I know I can.” 
I had no options here. There was only one answer he would accept. So, out of the debilitating fear that had lingered inside me since the minute I gave myself up to him, I nodded my head, because I couldn’t voice the words.
He grinned, leaning down to kiss me. His lips were gentle and careful, but since it was unwanted and it was him, I had to hold the bile back that formed in my throat. He took it deeper and longer than I hoped. I counted to ten before he finally pulled away.
He smiled, his face alight with joy. The blissful expression made my stomach turn. It just didn’t seem right that he could look so happy while my heart was breaking. He stood up and held out his hand. As much as I wanted to ignore the gesture, I hesitantly reached out, placing my palm into his. His hand was big, enveloping mine possessively.
He led me toward the bedroom, my tail dragging behind me. There was no noise except our footsteps in the house, but I swear I heard the solemn dun, dun dun dun ta dun of a funeral march in my head. Our trek seemed to be in slow motion. I wasn’t exactly sure what was about to happen, but from the look in his eyes and the length of the kiss, I feared the worst. 
The sound of the door closing behind us once we were inside reminded me of a prison cell door slamming shut. The noise echoed inside my head, the finality creating knots in my chest, my stomach churning.
His grin was predatory. It was clear that his vow to wait until I loved him was over. 
He nudged me back a few steps until my legs hit the edge of the bed and then he simply stared at me with hooded hungry eyes. “I want you,” he whispered suddenly.
Panic flared inside me. “Um…I don’t think I’m ready yet.” I knew it was risky to be honest with him, but since he’d said he would wait until I loved him the first day at the motel, I thought I’d take a shot. “I need more time.”
He sighed heavily, his mouth morphing into frown. He was silent for a moment before he spoke. “I think you are.” His tone was unyielding. “You just don’t know it.” 
Before I could object further, he yanked me forward, crushing his lips to mine.
Out of instinct, I whimpered in protest. As soon as the sound was out, I regretted it. I was hoping he hadn’t noticed, but unfortunately my hope didn’t last. 
He froze, pulling away from me slowly, a hint of rage shining in his eyes. “Don’t you want me…Abby?” Even though his words were in the form of a question, the tone was more of a threat. There was no doubt in my mind that he would hurt me if I didn’t comply.
Unable to voice the consent he seemed to be waiting for, I nodded. 
 “Don’t be nervous,” he advised, taking my hesitation as nerves, instead of fear or what it truly was—rejection. “I’ll be gentle.” With that, he gently lifted my shirt over my head and began to undo the harness before pulling off my jeans. When another whimper threatened to leak out, I pressed my lips together, biting the insides so hard, I tasted blood. 
His hands hungrily brushed over my body, his lips following suit. I had to swallow the bile that formed in my throat from the feel of his aggressive touches. He drew away, taking his clothes off and tossing them onto the floor with mine. At the site of his nakedness, I had second thoughts. I couldn’t do this. I was married to a man I loved with all my heart. 
When he lay down on top of me, I cried out, pushing at his chest.
He was far beyond hearing my complaints so I pushed harder. This time he noticed. When he stared down at me, his eyes were glazed with passion and a splash of anger. Without a word, he held my arms against the bed, his grip so tight I was sure I’d have bruises in the morning. When I cried out again, he covered my mouth with his. “Don’t worry; I’ll make you love me again.” Those were the last words he whispered before I closed my eyes and pictured Noah.
In my mind, it was my husband that was touching my naked breasts. He was the one that ran his fingers over my skin. It was him, the man I loved, who kissed my neck. Because if I opened my eyes to see reality, I wasn’t sure I could endure it. So to survive what was about to happen, I kept my eyes closed and focused on a memory…
“There you are,” Noah said softly from behind me.
I was standing on our hotel balcony watching the waves crash against the sandy beach. The bright Caribbean sun shone down on me, warming my face. The soft breeze pushed loose strands of hair that had fallen out of the knot I had twisted earlier, tickling my forehead.
Noah had been dealing with the bellhop and our luggage when we arrived. Unable to wait to see the beautiful view, I’d slipped out here to take in the sights and sounds of the ocean. 
He wrapped his arms around me, nuzzling my neck from behind, his tongue lapping my suddenly sensitive skin. His scent of wood and musk swirled around me. “Welcome to our honeymoon, Mrs. Bradley.” His deep voice that I’d always thought was sexy enveloped me, making me feel wanted and loved. “How did I get so lucky to finally have you as my wife?” 
I laughed softly instead of replying, lost in the sensations and the view. Besides, I was the one who felt lucky. He’d fallen in love with me despite my baggage and made me the happiest woman on this tropical island. He’d not only saved me from my demons, he vowed to love me by giving me his name. It meant that I was tied to this beautiful man for the rest of my life.
I stared out at the view for a few more moments before the feel of Noah’s lips on my neck started awakening a hunger that only he could ignite. I spun around to return the kiss, our tongues dancing, our hot breaths mingling together. Distracted by the fire erupting inside me, I barely registered that we were moving. He was leading me into our room.
When his hands ran down and slipped under my silk top, his calloused fingers brushed my nerve endings like an electric pulse, I shivered with anticipation. I didn’t notice the beautiful extravagant room around us, or the king-size bed that was soft as a cloud. All I focused on was the man with his arms wrapped tightly around me. 
He kissed my entire body thoroughly if not achingly slow. And just when I was about to beg for mercy, he took pity on me and dove inside me for the first time as my husband. 

Afterward, we lay naked in the bed, facing each other. He was wearing an ear-splitting grin.
“Why are you smiling?”
“I’m just thinking about my grandmother.”
I lifted a brow, confused by his answer. “After what we just did? Why would you be thinking of her?” I chuckled.
He shrugged. “If it wasn’t for her, I’d never have found you and I wouldn’t be as ecstatic as I am right now.”
I pressed my lips together in false contemplation. “You’re right. I’m awesome. You should thank her.” 
He leaned forward to nuzzle my neck under my ear and I laughed. I’d always been ticklish there. “I should buy her a fruit basket,” he mumbled into my neck. “Nothing says ‘Thanks for your superior matchmaking skills’ like a basket of oranges.” 
I laughed out loud, pushing him away from that sensitive spot. “What do you think we should do today?”
He shrugged, moving his finger in circles over my exposed shoulder, raising goose bumps along my skin.
“Why don’t we get up and head to the beach. We could go swimming,” I suggested.
He shook his head, his finger trailing down toward my elbow. My skin tingled with the movement.
Over his shoulder and through the open patio door, I could see gulls flying over the jade-colored water, whitecaps lapping with the breeze. The sound of the waves crashing against the beach was hypnotic. The scene resembled a postcard. “We could rent some paddle boats and explore the ocean?”
Watching his own finger’s journey further down my body, he shook his head again.
An explosion of laughter erupted outside of our open patio door as a bunch of tourists rushed by on their way to the beach.
“Scuba diving?” I asked, running out of ideas.
He looked up, his vivid blue eyes meeting mine. He shook his head one more time, the ends of his light hair bouncing against his neck.
I shrugged, lifting an arm in the air in defeat. “I give up. What do you want to do?”
He leaned forward into my ear and whispered, “Guess.” When he pulled away, his eyes were blazing with desire.
I didn’t have to guess.
“I love you.” Nick’s voice pulled me from my memory, and I was forced to focus on him once again. He had me tucked in his arms with my head against his chest and we were both naked. I’d been so lost in my vivid memory that it took a few seconds to focus on my horrible reality.
When his breathing eventually slowed, I felt tears burn my eyes. I might have checked out while Nick had his way, but I still knew what happened. Besides stripping away my self-worth as he’d done many times in the past, he’d also accomplished the one thing that in all my years of marriage I never imagined was possible: he turned me into an adulteress. 

Chapter Seven
Dinner

Over the next few weeks my life became one massive contradiction. By day, I was bored out of my skull, having only books, cooking, and cleaning to entertain myself. By the time night fell, those dull days morphed into unspeakable horrors. Nick’s appetite for me did not fade, and he expected me to comply when the mood struck him. At first I fought him as I had the day after we moved into the rental, but when my objections threatened to set off the rage that simmered just beneath his calm mask, I stopped. I knew there was nothing I could do. He’d only force himself on me more roughly, which would most likely lead to the physical abuse he’d so far been able to control. 
So instead, I drifted inside myself, into a memory of the life I left behind. In my mind, it was Noah that touched me; it was him that I gave myself to. After all, Noah was the only man who truly loved me. Despite Nick’s need to call what he felt love, it was far from it. He didn’t want a life partner that he could share his life with; he wanted someone to train and control—like a dog.

Three weeks after we arrived in River Valley, I was beyond bored. I had finished off The Complete Works of Jane Austen and had begun a mystery by an author I was unfamiliar with. Today, though, I wasn’t in the mood to continue reading. I was restless.
I tossed the book on the couch and wandered toward the window. Craving the outside world, I lifted one of the slats of the blinds and crouched down, peering out at a tiny yard in desperate need of maintenance. The grass was brown and patchy, with spots of mud peeking out. The only thing still green in the yard was the vast amount of weeds. Since it was October, they would soon die as well.
The day was a bit on the dreary side with bits of sun shining through the infinite clouds that filled the sky. I yearned to feel the wind that I could see blowing the branches on nearby trees against my pale skin. 
From what I could tell, there were no houses nearby and since I was asleep in the truck when we arrived, there was no way to know for sure. The road must not be very busy because as I looked out, no vehicles had driven by. I continued my surveillance until a black SUV cruised by, an oversized St. Bernard watching me from the back window as it passed. It barked at me just before it drove out of my sight. That dog was the only living being I’d seen other than Nick in a month. I waved, even though it was long gone. Five minutes later, another car went by. This time it was a tiny compact with a teenage girl singing along to base thumping music. I stared at her longingly, wondering if Hope would be a teenager by the time I laid eyes on her. 
Once the teen was gone, it was another fifteen minutes before a new vehicle drove by. This time it was an older man and when he approached the road in front of the rental, he turned his head in my direction. I jumped back, afraid he’d spotted me.
My heart raced with anxiety, worried that Nick would somehow know that I had been watching cars drive by. Despite my fear that he would find out, when I pushed the slat back down, the car was gone and I didn’t move. It was dangerous for me to do this—I understood that—yet I couldn’t resist. Besides books, what else did I have to entertain myself?

When Nick arrived home from work a few hours later, he had a knot on his face. I couldn’t help but worry that he’d somehow found out about my sightseeing. However, that wasn’t the problem. “Did anyone come by the house when we first moved in?” 
I froze. His question took me completely off guard. I’d forgotten about that day. I had other horrors to worry about with the man I was unwillingly living with.
I didn’t understand how he could have known about it anyway. But if he didn’t, then why would he even think to ask in the first place? My thoughts swirled around in my head like thousands of bees in a hive. I honestly didn’t know how to answer. With him, my instinct was always to protect myself. In this instance, I wasn’t sure how to do that. What was the answer that wouldn’t set him off?
“Why would you ask that?” I asked, hoping to postpone the inevitable by asking a question.
“I just saw a couple of old ladies walking by when I pulled into the driveway. They told me they stopped by when we first moved in, but no one answered when they knocked.”
Thankfully, I had ceased my surveillance hours before and they hadn’t seen me.
I blinked at him. Fear was a small seed in the pit of my stomach, just waiting for a sign from Nick to bloom and flourish. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. By the time you got home, I forgot.”
In the past when Nick hit me, it always came so fast I barely saw it coming, but this time his hand shot out reluctantly, stopping midway as if he were fighting a battle against himself.
Maybe he really was trying to change. 
He must have allowed his instinct to take over though, because his hand met my right cheek with a deafening crack. Since I was standing in front of the stove that was placed in the corner of the kitchen about to start supper, my head swung to the side, hitting the wall. Stinging pain erupted from both sides of my face. His one swift blow had double the impact. 
In the past he’d always been careful where he hit me, never wanting to leave bruises or cuts on my exposed skin. I guess he no longer cared if there was any evidence showing on my face. I was his prisoner. No one would ever see me.
When I reached up to touch my tender skin, he grabbed my wrist and squeezed, his grip as strong as a rabid dog’s bite. “Don’t ever lie to me again,” he whispered through clenched teeth. “I said I didn’t want to hurt you. But how can I not when you keep things from me?”
He’d always twisted things around to make it sound like I was to blame for his abuse. I’d been confused in the past by his manipulations and often believed him. Now, though, I was not as susceptible. Living with a kind and loving man that put my needs before his own for seven years had stripped away Nick’s mind control and I now knew that he and he alone was to blame for his actions.
There was so much fury in his expression, his hands shook. His mood was quickly escalating to rage.
I needed to calm him down before he grew out of control so I blurted the first thing that came to mind. “I honestly didn’t think it would matter if I told you or not. I was so worried that they would find me that it slipped my mind. I was trying to protect you.” The words were like acid in my mouth. I fought the urge to spit out the poison.
He stilled, his grip loosening a fraction. “You were worried about me?”
I nodded, hating what I was about to do, but knowing I needed to protect myself. I stared into the dark depths of his eyes and stood up on my toes. His fierce glare threatened to suck the life out of me. “I can see that you have changed. You shouldn’t be punished for simply loving me.” The toxic sentiments were vile in my throat. 
I waited with labored breaths for his reaction, more false words poised on my tongue just waiting to be said if need be. 
“You’re starting to love me again, aren’t you?”
As if pushing against a mountain, I nodded my head, the movement so jerky I thought he would question my words, but instead, he smiled. The rage that had been swimming in his eyes seconds ago evaporated.
He released my wrist, wrapping me into his arms, and then leaned into my neck, breathing in my scent. “I knew you would see we belonged together. It was only a matter of time.”
Before I could formulate a response, he started to kiss my neck. Each time his lips touched my skin it felt like a branding iron, marking me as his property. I shuddered under his despised caress. With his narcissistic delusions, he mistook my trembling for desire instead of what it truly was—revulsion. I was literally repulsed by the man who had become my lover, my provider, my jailer. I hated him beyond comprehension, but craved my survival.
It took everything in me to sit and take what he was giving. I might dislike what was happening, yet I knew if I gave in to my instincts, the outcome would be much worse.
He lifted me up and carried me to the bedroom. After he laid me on the bed and freed me from the harness, he told me he wanted to show me how much he loved me.
I closed my eyes and pulled up a memory.
“Welcome home, Mrs. Bradley.” Noah’s smoky voice floated over me like a caress as he carried me over the threshold of our home. 
 I laughed. It was a cheerful sound, conveying the happiness I felt after our fabulously romantic honeymoon. Although I was sad that our time away had ended, I was excited to start our new life as a married couple. “We’re inside now. Why are you still carrying me?” I twisted in his arms to see his handsome face.
“I don’t want to let you go.” His tone was teasing, but I could also sense an underlying seriousness that confused me.
I leaned in to kiss his neck. His musky aftershave stirred memories of our time in paradise and a smile tugged at my lips. “I’m not going anywhere,” I whispered.
His vibrant blue eyes flashed. “I’m going to hold you to that.” 
I kissed his neck again slowly, flicking my tongue out to taste and tease.
With a groan that rumbled deep within his chest, he set me on my feet, framed my face with his strong hands, and kissed me—no—devoured me. His sudden frenzy set off a spark all the way to my core. Feeling crazed, I reached for his shirt and wrenched it off of him—our lips only pausing for the brief instant that the fabric slipped over our heads. 
He laughed, following suit with my shirt, leaving me in my bra and cut-off jean shorts. 
His shorts were next and just as I reached for his boxer briefs, I heard the sound of the door and, “Christ, Noah, don’t you ever wear clothes?”
Noah and I froze. “Jesus, Sam, don’t you ever knock?” Noah spoke against my lips, since his were still fused to mine when we were interrupted.
Sam and Kathy stood just inside the kitchen with big grins on their faces.
I stepped away, reaching for my top to tug it over my head, and laughed. Our current situation reminded me of the time when we first got together and they caught us in the same situation. That time we were in the bedroom and we were naked.
“What are you doing here?” Noah asked, folding his arms in front of him, making no move to cover himself.
Kathy set her purse onto the counter and stepped up to hug me, the scent of her familiar perfume ever-present. When she pulled away she turned to Noah. “We came to welcome you home.” She gave him a wink, her eyes taking in the sight of him in his skivvies. “We missed you.”
“You couldn’t have waited a half hour before barging in on us?” he asked. “How did you know we were even home?”
Feeling guilty, I winced. “Um…I texted her when we got into Shimmer Lake.” His brows rose and before he opened his mouth to complain, I added, “She told me to.”
Kathy slung her arm over my shoulder. “Of course I did. Like I said, we missed you.” She grinned, facing me. “So how was it?”
“It was fantastic. We had a great time. The resort was beautiful.”
She sighed. “I’m so jealous. We should go away soon, Sam.”
Sam, who had been quiet while we chatted, was staring at his friend and nodded absently. “Noah, are you going to get dressed soon? My wife is right there.”
“I don’t mind,” Kathy informed her husband with a laugh.
Noah flashed a lopsided grin at Sam. “Of course she doesn’t mind. She has to look at your flat ass all the time.” When we girls started laughing and Sam scowled, Noah grabbed his pants and slipped them on. “But it is getting a little breezy.”
Now that he was dressed, Kathy hugged him too and glanced between me and my new husband. “I’m so glad you guys are home.”
Home. It was a good word. I smiled. “I am too.”

After Nick had his way, I must have drifted off to escape my own personal hell. When I awoke, my eyes were wet with tears. Either I was crying from the loss of my family or from having to endure sex with a man I detested. It was probably both.
At the sound of rattling pans I sat up and glanced around. I was naked and alone in the bedroom. My harness was no longer hooked to the heater. It was gone. Unsure of what to make of this new development, I stood up and put my clothes on. They were lying neatly on the nearby armchair next to the covered window.
Once I was dressed, I followed the sounds into the kitchen, noticing a very surprising scent of tomatoes and garlic. I was not sure how to react to what I saw. Nick was cooking. Not only was he stirring a red sauce, he was humming. When he heard my entrance, he turned and smiled at me. “You’re up.”
 “Yes, I am.” I took a few hesitant steps into the room. “You’re cooking?” 
He nodded. “Yeah. I learned to cook in prison and I liked it.”
I gulped, unsure how to proceed with the conversation. He’d never mentioned prison since he took me from my home. My gaze fell to the tiled floor, noticing a tiny crack in one of the tiles. I twisted my hands nervously.
“Don’t be afraid. I don’t mind talking about it. It doesn’t matter what happened in the past. We’re together now.” He winked at me and turned back to the stove. “Take a seat. I’m going to serve you tonight.”
Unprepared for this behavior, I was taken aback. When I sat down, my body was rigid. I tried to loosen up and at least appear to be relaxed.
“So how is your writing coming?” he asked absently, as if it was natural for us to have a conversation in the kitchen like a typical loving couple. 
What writing? I hadn’t written a word. In order to hide that fact from him, I had just typed random letters filling the paper. As long as the page had something on it, it would satisfy him. He would never attempt to read it. But just in case, I hid the papers under the shelf in the living room after replacing books I’d been reading. I left them out for him to see when he got home, but cleaned up before dinner was ready. “It’s slow. Writer’s block.” I shrugged, as if this was normal.
“Maybe after tonight you’ll be inspired.” 
He thought his lovemaking would inspire me. I couldn’t tell him he was the reason I couldn’t write. “Maybe,” I stated simply. 
He scooped pasta onto a plate and then covered it with sauce. When he placed it in front of me, my stomach growled. I tried not to allow his gesture to affect me, but it did. He’d never cooked for me before. Maybe he was changing. I bit my tongue so hard I tasted blood as soon as the ridiculous thought formed. Where had that come from? Was I getting Stockholm syndrome? I shook my head, pushing such feelings away. He took me from my daughter—from my husband. He was a monster and one night of cooking for me would not change that.
“Thank you,” I muttered, not meeting his gaze. I feared he would see the battle raging in my mind through my eyes. 
As he took his seat across from me with his own plate he said softly, “Anything for you.” 
I almost choked on my food. Anything, he’d said—just not my freedom. Instead of commenting, I chose to ignore his ludicrous sentiment and enjoy the food. It was good. 
“I thought we could take a drive around our new town this weekend.” His sudden words were said after a few moments of silence while we ate our food.
I almost cheered out loud at the thought of seeing something other than the walls inside this house. And the thought of the sunlight touching my face was too much to comprehend after almost a month without seeing it. Today was the first time I had attempted to see the outside world. Every window in the place had those blasted blinds that wouldn’t open. 
“That sounds good.” 
“And now that you finally admitted to loving me, you don’t have to wear the harness.” 
Stunned silent, I glanced at him, a question in my eyes. 
“You do finally realize we are meant to be together, right?” If I had any sympathy at all for him, my heart would swell from the vulnerability evident in his expression. But I didn’t, and my heart continued its only purpose of pumping life into my veins.
I was glad to know that my stubbornness was still alive inside me. Despite the weeks of being his puppet, and doing whatever possible to protect myself, a voice inside me still screamed NOOO!!! so loud I was almost afraid he could hear it. 
My lips pushed upward and I nodded. It was the only answer he was going to get.
“Good,” he responded with a sharp nod.
For some reason my stomach plummeted at his reaction. His acceptance of my deceit was like an acceptance of this life, like I had finally given in to what he wanted. I hated lying and pretending to have any feeling other than disgust for this man that had stolen my life with the people I loved.
I. HATED. HIM!!! The words were deafening inside my head. I wanted to scream it to the world.
He looked up at me, his face washing with concern. “Is something wrong?”
I blinked, taken off guard. I was so caught up in my dark thoughts that I didn’t realize I’d been staring at him with narrowed eyes. No doubt my feelings were evident in my expression.
I took a deep breath, slipping the dutiful spouse costume back on. I felt like an actress playing a part. “I’m fine. I was just thinking that I didn’t have anything to wear.” My wardrobe was the furthest from my mind, although I needed him to believe that worrying after my clothes was all I had to fret about. He needed to think I was where I desired to be or I wouldn’t survive my time with him. He didn’t like when I went against him, I remembered that vividly. The first time he hit me was after he proposed to me and his mother asked if I wanted to wear her dress. I refused respectfully, hoping to cling to the memory of my dead father by wearing my mother’s dress. He wasn’t amused. It was that night I saw his true colors.
“I’ll take you shopping on the weekend. You definitely need more than the two outfits you’ve been wearing.”
I smiled, as if his words made me feel better. I didn’t give a shit what I wore. I was in prison, no one saw me.
After our declarations of love, the food in my stomach turned to lead, my stomach threatening to banish the foreign substance. I stood up, heading to the sink with my plate. 
“Don’t you like it?” he asked from behind me. 
I looked down at the half eaten food. “It was delicious, I’m just full.”
He held out his arm. “I’ll eat yours.” 
I hesitated before placing the dish in his hand. Noah always finished my food when I couldn’t eat anymore. I used to call him my human garbage disposal. You’d think my comment would bother him, but no, he would grin and pat his stomach before digging in.
“What are you smiling at?” Nick asked, looking at me curiously. Again I blinked, taken off guard. I needed to stop daydreaming. I had to be in control of my emotions around him or I would pay the price.
 “Nothing,” I muttered with a shrug as I began stacking the dishes in the sink and turning the water on. 
Nick finished his food and stood up. “I’m going to head out for a bit.” He leaned in to gently kiss me on the lips. I fought the instinct to jerk away from his touch. “I won’t be long.”
Out of curiosity I was tempted to ask where he was going, but as soon as the idea slipped into my mind, I pushed it away. I really didn’t care where he went. I liked it better when I was alone. It was the only time in my captivity that I felt just a tiny bit free.

Chapter Eight
Losing Hope

The constant feeling of dread had resided in the pit of my stomach every moment since I was abducted by my abusive ex-fiancé. But Saturday morning when I awoke with the knowledge that I would finally be able to see the outside world in person and not through the slats of mini-blinds, that ball of dread was just a fraction smaller. Back in the days before I met Nick, I was a workaholic, lost in the stories in my head. Admittedly I didn’t venture out all that much, but a day never went by without my wandering my neighborhood for inspiration for my books. I might not have had much of a social life, yet I loved the sights and sounds of the city. Being locked up inside for a month was almost as bad as the abuse I suffered from his unwanted touch.
I couldn’t wait to see something other than Nick or our rented house. I’d been so excited that I made sure to wash my best outfit. That just happened to be the one I was wearing when Nick held the gun to my back and forced me to leave my child behind. The long, short-sleeve, boat-neck gray sweater fell almost to my knees and I paired it with black tights. I had seen the sweater on a shopping trip with Kathy months ago and I just couldn’t resist. The fall and winter next to the lake got a little chilly and it was nice to have something warm and cozy. Now, though, as I stood in front of the mirror in the clothes I had purchased for my home in Shimmer Lake, a fresh wave of homesickness washed over me with a flash of cherished memories. I pushed those feelings away. I was with Nick for a reason and I couldn’t forget that. I needed to keep my family safe, no matter what it cost me.
 “Are you ready, Abby?” Nick called from beyond the bathroom door.
I quickly ran the brush through my bottled brown hair that was beginning to wash out, before turning away from the mirror. With nothing more than a brush, it was all I could do. 
When Nick led me out the front door, I was surprisingly hesitant to move off of the front step. The desire to explore the outside world was so overwhelming that I sometimes dreamt of the dampness of rain falling on my face, or cool wind whipping through my hair. When I froze on the concrete step, I was shocked. My weeks of captivity must have made me fear more than the man next to me. It also made me fear the unknown and right now all I knew was Nick and that house. And I hated both of them. 
It was a warm October day and the sun was in full bloom. I squinted against the heated rays, my retinas protesting the bright light. The wind rustling through the trees was louder than I remembered, the colors were so vibrant. When I felt myself shrinking away from the very thing I craved, I closed my eyes and pulled up every ounce of bravery I had left in me. I would not allow Nick to take this away from me too.
Taking a deep breath, I rushed down the steps and stood on the lawn, my face pointed up toward the sky. I could feel the sun’s warm touch on my skin and my spirits began to rise. It made me think of hot days with Noah, sitting out on the deck sipping iced tea while Hope splashed around in the lake, I could almost smell the crisp fresh scent of the water. 
“The sun is shining for you, Abby.” Nick leaned close to whisper in my ear, his hot breath feeling like it burned my exposed cheek like acid—the exact opposite reaction he wanted from me. I fought the urge to snort at his cheesy line, but I couldn’t, I was too distracted, glancing around at my surroundings.
Nick had chosen a very rural neighborhood. I could just see the silhouette of the nearest house in the distance. There were trees and bushes obstructing my view. “That’s where those old ladies live,” Nick informed me when he saw where my gaze had fallen.
“They live together?” I asked only out of curiosity. I had no intention of trying to get help. They wouldn’t hear me if I yelled anyway, their house was too far away, unless they chose to try another visit.
“Yeah. I heard from a waitress in town that they were sisters.” He took my hand and led me to his truck. “Why do we always get stuck living next to old ladies?” He mumbled this to himself as he opened the door and closed it behind me. His words made me suck in a shocked breath. He was referring to my old neighbor, Sylvia. She had been my savior when she gave me a key to her cottage in Shimmer Lake as an escape from his abuse. 
Once he was inside the cab, he turned to me, his expression unyielding. “I’m trusting you. Don’t do anything to ruin that. We don’t want anyone to get hurt.” His voice turned cold as his warning set in. Just as he had at the rest stop, he was threatening not only me, but any innocent person that got in his way. And just like at the rest stop, I took his threat seriously. Nick was capable of anything.
I shook my head. “I won’t do anything. I promise.”
A smile spread across his face. “Good girl.” All that was missing was the pat on the head.
I bit my tongue, holding back so many comments that surfaced from his praise, the most prominent and the one I wanted to scream at him being: I AM NOT A DOG! Instead, I bit harder, tasting the all too familiar taste of copper.
“Let’s go. I want to take you to my favorite restaurant. It’s a mom-and-pop diner but the food there is awesome.”
Since it was still late morning when we made our way through the tiny town, Nick pulled into a small strip mall before lunch. “What do you need?” he asked, turning the truck off. The engine sputtered and spat before it went silent. “Clothes, makeup?”
“Makeup?” I asked, wondering why I would need that when I was locked inside all day.
He nodded. “Yeah. I thought you’d want to look pretty when I took you out.”
I honestly couldn’t care less what I looked like, yet I knew I had to humor him. He wanted me to choose to be with him, to live as we had back when we first met. Back then I wanted to impress him, always trying to look my best. Those feelings were long gone, though he couldn’t know that.
“I could use some eyeliner, and maybe some eye shadow,” I offered, reluctantly.
“Okay, let’s go then.”
When we entered the pharmacy he led me to the makeup section, holding my hand tightly. He released it and leaned on the end of the aisle, watching me. Conscious of his scrutiny, I noticed an older woman wearing sensible shoes and a long skirt. She was at the other end of the aisle studying the face creams. When I saw her look at us, I decided it was too risky to dawdle. I grabbed the first eyeliner I could find, briefly glancing through the colors of eye shadow. Once I saw something neutral, I picked it up and moved toward him. “That’s it?” he asked as I approached him.
I shrugged. “I don’t wear much.”
He took the items and once again grabbed my hand.
The lady at the cash register was smiling brightly as we neared. She was wearing so much makeup she looked like she had sampled every color on the shelf. “Did you find everything you were looking for?” she asked cheerfully, blinking her bright blue lids and thickly coated lashes.
Nick nodded, placing the items I chose, along with a razor and shaving cream he picked up as we passed the aisle, onto the counter. “Yes we did, thank you.” Nick’s grip on my hand was firm, as if he expected me to call out for help or bolt for the door.
She rang up our items in silence. When Nick paid, she called after us as we turned toward the door. “Have a good day.” 
I nodded in response and then followed him outside. 
When he released my hand, I wiggled my fingers in attempt to stretch out the kinks after he held on so tight. 
“Good job. Now keep it up,” he muttered, leading me to a clothing store next door.
He stood off to the side while I chose a couple pairs of pants, tops, a pack of underwear, socks, and an extra bra. When we were finished, he smiled and kissed me on the lips—a reward for my good behavior. Blech!

When we approached the front entrance to the diner some time later, I was hesitant to enter. The place was crammed full with customers laughing and talking loudly. It wasn’t just the people that were noisy; I could hear pots and dishes clanging from the kitchen as well. The whole building was reverberating with sound, bouncing around like the inside of a vacuum. After a month of living in a silent house, the contrast was daunting.
Nick noticed my steps faltering over the threshold, and instead of understanding that this loud, crowded restaurant might be too much for me because of his imprisonment, he grabbed my hand and yanked. “Come on,” he demanded, staring straight ahead, his face blank, most likely an attempt not to draw any unwanted attention. 
I took a deep breath, taking in the scent of melted butter, onions, and multiple indefinable smells, fighting for the strength I needed to follow him inside. 
I was wondering where all the people had come from since the town was so small, when a tall, young man with cocoa-colored skin and short black curls approached us. “Hey, Nick, is this your wife?” His gaze swung between me and the madman standing in front of him.
“Yes, this is Sarah.” Nick paused, nodding in my direction. “Sarah, meet my friend from work, Joey.”
Nick’s eyes seared mine, daring me to contradict him. He hadn’t warned me about changing my name, but I understood the reason for it. We were on the run; I was no longer Abby Watson-Bradley, the children’s author with a loving husband and child. I was Sarah—a nobody, with washed out, dingy, short brown hair without a history.
I didn’t recognize either woman.
I stared at Nick longer than I should have without confirming my identity, enjoying that for once, I was in control. His eye twitched as he waited for me to speak. It was dangerous for me to be so reckless—I knew that. But the tiny spark of life left inside of me screamed to rebel against his wishes. He was my kidnapper, not my husband. I should shout it into this crowded room full of patrons. I should expose him for the monster he truly was. 
I didn’t. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Joey,” I finally responded with a small smile. Beside me, Nick sighed with relief. 
“You guys coming in to grab some lunch?”
Nick peered down at me, meeting my eyes. “Joey’s father owns the diner. He’s the cook.”
Behind us, there was a table of men in suits arguing. I tried to ignore their boisterous voices and focus on Nick and Joey, but I couldn’t help but hear them.
“What are you talking about, Murphy, that play was awesome!” one of the men yelled. 
I winced at his aggressive tone. 
“Buckman, you suck! That was such a lousy goal.” After the last argument, they all seemed to talk at once. The cluster of voices swirled around me, sucking me into a typhoon of sound. I found myself shrinking away from them.
“Sarah?” Nick’s voice grounded me, bringing me back to the moment.
I nodded, acknowledging his explanation, but didn’t respond. The noise of the diner was starting to escalate to the point of deafening. I took a step closer to Nick. 
Neither one of the men next to me seemed to notice my discomfort.
“I help out here on weekends, but my sister’s stuck here all week,” Joey was saying, although I could barely hear him. My chest grew dense; my breath came in quick gasps. Joey had turned around, pointing to a woman about my age. Her long curly black hair fell to her mid-back. When she turned around, I smiled. Her belly was bulging. She had to be due any day now. “Hey, Carla, can we fit a couple more in for lunch?”
Carla turned away from a table in the middle of the restaurant and focused on us. Her smile was as bright as her kind eyes. “Of course. There’s a small table over here.” She pointed to a two-seater next to the kitchen.
“Thanks,” Nick said to Joey as he took my hand and led me to the table. As crazy as it might sound, the touch of a human, even Nick, was what I needed to pull me from the panic that was beginning to set in. And the table she motioned us to was far enough away from the rowdy patrons that my breathing slowed and my chest cleared.
Shortly after we were seated, Carla showed up and handed each of us a menu. 
“When are you due?” I asked without thinking before she waddled away. I had a soft spot for expectant mothers. I loved being pregnant with Hope and missed it terribly. The idea that a human being could grow inside my belly amazed me. I bought every book I could find on the subject and with each trimester, I monitored her size and shape in books. I just couldn’t wrap my head around the fact that my baby had come from something the size of a pea. It truly was a miracle and it was a privilege to have been able to experience it. Noah and I had tried for a second child. When it didn’t happen, we gave up, figuring it wasn’t meant to be. We were thankful for Hope.
Carla, who had been about to walk away, stopped and smiled. “Any day now.” She rubbed her belly lovingly with her hand. “I can’t wait to get this baby out. I feel like a beached whale.”
I laughed, remembering feeling the same way at the end of my pregnancy with Hope.
“Do you have any children?” she asked, looking at me.
Blue eyes, blonde hair, and a high-pitched giggle flashed into my mind and I smiled instinctively. “Yes,” I answered without thinking, at the same time Nick said, “No.”
I realized my mistake immediately and couldn’t help but notice Nick’s jaw harden. 
Carla’s eyes washed with confusion.
My mind went blank. I opened my mouth to fix my blunder…only nothing came out.
“We did have a child, but we lost him in childbirth,” Nick lied smoothly, squeezing my hand under the table. My knuckles cracked with the pressure. I knew I had screwed up and there was no talking myself out of this mess.
Carla frowned. “Oh, I’m so sorry. That must have been awful.” Her sympathy for us was obvious and I felt guilty for going along with his lie. 
Nick nodded as I stayed mute, not interested in digging myself deeper than I already had. “It was. But we’ll try again.” This time, instead of squeezing my fingers, he rubbed my leg. He was serious about trying for a child. As much as I loved being pregnant, I would not bring a child into this sick and twisted situation.
Carla shifted uncomfortably, either from Nick’s tone of voice and my sudden silence or her added bulk. “That’s the right attitude to have.” She smiled. “I’ll give you two a moment to go over the menu.”
Once she walked away, heading toward a large table filled with a family of eight, I leaned toward the man I hated and whispered, “I’m sorry.” When he didn’t respond, I added, “I wasn’t thinking, it just slipped out.”
He took a sip of his water and looked straight ahead, ignoring me completely.
I knew as soon as he got me back to the house he would attack me. I recognized the look on his face. It was branded into my memory. It was the look he carried right before he struck. The only thing holding him back now was the fact we were in public. As soon as we were alone, there would be nothing to stop him. Fear sprouted in my stomach, spreading through my veins like a toxin.
My hand shook as I picked up my own water glass, thoughts swirling through my head, trying to come up with a way to stop the beating I knew was coming. “Um…Have you ever thought of having a child?” I asked hesitantly.
His face softened ever so slightly. “Yes. Ever since I heard you had one.” His jaw clenched again. “With him…” His voice grew harsh, his fists clenching on the table.
His anger was escalating. Why did I bring it up? I placed my hand on his and squeezed. “I’m with you now.” GAG! 
He turned to look at me, his eyes imploring. “Do you want to have a baby with me?” His voice no longer held anger; now it was wary. 
Hesitantly, I nodded, swallowing the bile my assent produced.
He grinned, leaning in to kiss me. “Good,” he said, pulling away. “Now, what are you going to eat?” And just like that, his mood shifted. I breathed a sigh of relief, knowing how close I had come to one of his rages.
He ordered a steak sandwich while I chose the broccoli and cheese soup with a Greek salad. He was right about one thing, though, the food was good.
After we were finished and had paid our bill, I stood near the door waiting for Nick while he talked shop with Joey. The restaurant had thinned out considerably and my bout of panic no longer loomed inside. I watched the people who ate and imagined calling out for help. I pictured the patrons turning on Nick, holding him at bay while they called the police. Of course Nick would be furious, shouting horrible threatening words at me, but I wouldn’t hear them. I’d be stashed safely in the kitchen waiting for the police.
“Abby,” Nick whispered, pulling me from my fantasy. “Why are you smiling?”
I sobered quickly, coming back to reality. “Was I? I didn’t realize.”
His only response was a quirk of a brow before he led me back to the truck.

The drive home was quiet, but I wasn’t worried, Nick’s expression was thoughtful, not irritated. I had dodged a bullet and managed to postpone the inevitable. I knew it was only a matter of time before Nick gave in to his dark urges, but I preferred to prolong it as long as I could.
Once inside the house, I took off my coat and placed my shopping bags on the table. “Thank you for lunch, and for the shopping. It was so good to get out.” I turned around to see him staring at me. 
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. I just wish you hadn’t ruined everything by telling Carla you had a child.” His face was still blank; there was no evidence of rage anywhere in his expression. I wasn’t sure what was about to happen. “I need to be certain it won’t happen again.”
Alarm bells went off in my head. “It won’t. I wasn’t thinking.”
He stepped closer to me, his gaze fixed on my face. “Your old life is over. Those people are dead to you.”
I stared at him blankly, afraid to even move.
“Say it.”
I froze, confusion entangling with fear, like thorns twisting and merging with a tree branch until all that was visible was the thorns. What did he want me to say? Instead of guessing, I simply gazed at him.
 “Say it,” he ordered again, the rage that had been absent earlier now simmering over his features. “Say that Noah and your daughter are dead to you.”
I couldn’t do that. They were my family—my everything. I remained silent.
The fear that had ignited when he first started this discussion vanished, thrust away by pure fury. Hope was my daughter, I gave birth to her. I loved her more than life itself. I would never forget about her. “No,” I answered, firmly.
His eyes widened; my words obviously surprised him as much as they did me. I had always placated him in order to protect myself. Now, though, he had crossed a line I didn’t know I’d drawn. He took a step closer. “Say it.” His voice was low, determined.
I shook my head. “Never,” I whispered.
The word wasn’t even out when his hand collided with my face. “Say it,” he bellowed, his voice booming in the small kitchen.
I simply looked at him. I already told him I wouldn’t. I didn’t feel the need to repeat myself.
His hand hit the back of my head, and pain erupted instantly. I stood my ground. “Say it,” he growled, towering over me. His rage distorted his features. His expression resembled monsters I’d seen in some of the comics I read as a child. I wondered if he would turn green and grow the size of a giant.
I glared up at him defiantly. “You can beat me all you want, but I will never tell you that my daughter, the girl I sacrificed my life for, is dead to me.” My words were firm and steady, and the fear of what was to come didn’t show in my voice. I was thankful for that. 
This time he didn’t bother with a slap. His punch wasn’t what I was used to. He had always used his palm to smack me, or his feet to kick me. His closed fist was more powerful than I could ever have imagined. Agony surged into my face like a supernova. I saw stars. The impact knocked me off my feet.
Lying in a pool of blood that gushed out of my nose onto the tiled floor, I was close to losing consciousness. I hardly noticed him kneel above me.
“Say it.” he rasped into my ear as his hands went around my neck.
I heard myself laugh as the light faded away. I wondered what made me finally stand up to him. But the answer was clear, even as light turn to dark: my daughter.
The smell of bacon drifted into my subconscious, tugging me out of a dream about my third grade classroom. I’d been hiding in the cloak room after realizing I hadn’t worn any underwear. 
Like a rope tied to my senses, the smell pulled me up into a sitting position. I glanced around our room and grinned. I was alone. Noah was making me breakfast. Since he usually reserved that for weekends, he must have gotten most of his order done last night. His client was in a rush for the cabinets and he had been working non-stop for the last month.
I stood up and wrapped my robe around me, following the delectable aroma. “Something smells yummy in here,” I said, watching him from the kitchen doorway.
Noah turned his head in my direction and flashed me a dimple. “I’m making my beautiful wife breakfast to apologize for neglecting her lately.”
I folded my arms in front of me, leaning against the wall. “No need for apologies. All that free time has given me a chance to finish up my manuscript.”
He shrugged. “Okay then. I just felt like a big breakfast this morning. I finally finished the order.”
I pushed myself off the wall and approached him, sliding my hands up his strong arms; I leaned against his back and kissed his scruffy cheek. “Congratulations,” I whispered, taking in a breath. His musky wood scent and a big whiff of bacon pushed into my senses. My stomach lurched and whatever was inside me threatened to come out. I clamped my hand over my mouth and rushed to the washroom.
I didn’t make it in time. I emptied my stomach onto the floor, mere feet from the washroom. 
Noah came up behind me and rubbed my back. “Did you just puke in my shoes?”
I hadn’t noticed, but yes I had. He’d left his running sneakers against the wall and they were now filled with the contents of my stomach. “I’m so sorry. I don’t know what’s…” I couldn’t finish the sentence because my stomach was rioting against me…again. This time I made it to the washroom. 
“Are you all right?” Noah asked from the other side of the closed door. I could hear the concern in his voice. I wasn’t one to get sick that often. In fact, besides one cold last year, I hadn’t been sick since I met him.
I sat on the floor, wondering if I had caught a bug, when something else crossed my mind. I dug through the vanity drawers looking for the gag gift Kathy had given me for our wedding. When I found it, I couldn’t help but smile at the possibility. “I’m fine, Noah, I’ll be out in a minute,” I called out to him so he would give me some privacy.
“Okay. Breakfast will be ready soon.” I heard him walk away while I opened the box.

Exactly five minutes later, I reappeared into the kitchen with a wide grin.
Noah had just sat down and lifted his fork. “Why are you smiling?” he asked.
I shrugged, taking the seat across from him at the table. “I’m just happy is all.”
He narrowed his eyes, studying me. “Why would you be happy? You just got sick.” He took a bite of his scrambled egg, his eyes still watching me as he chewed. “Is it the flu?”
I shook my head, buttering my toast. 
“Food poisoning?” 
Another shake of the head.
He shrugged. “Well what else could it be.” He laughed. “You’re not pregnant, are you?”
My grin grew wider—if that was possible—and I met his eyes.
“You’re pregnant?” he asked, dumbfounded.
I nodded, unable to voice the words. Excitement had swallowed up my voice.
He jumped up and rushed toward me, yanking me from my sitting position into his arms. He swung me around the kitchen. “Thank you,” he whispered.
“For what?”
He met my eyes; his were filled with joy and wonder. “For making me the happiest man on the planet.”
And then he kissed me.
Chapter Nine
Last Straw

Now that Nick had finally given in to his true nature, he didn’t hold back. Every night when he came home from work he would ask if I had a daughter and when I refused to answer, he would reprimand me. He was becoming more creative with each incident. When slapping became too tiresome for him, he used his fists, and then his steel-toed boots. The longer I held out, the more violent he became. He wasn’t going to stop until I broke. With each beating, he took away part of my soul.
It was a familiar feeling, as I had been this way before... until Noah put me back together. When I fled to Shimmer Lake, leaving my old life behind to escape Nick, I became a hermit, only venturing out of the cottage for supplies. I was paranoid, looking over my shoulder for my tormentor. I didn’t trust men and when I first met my next door neighbor, I ran, thinking it was Nick coming for me. Noah gradually pulled me out of my shell and little by little, I started to trust someone from the opposite sex. It wasn’t an overnight feat, but eventually he did it. How could I not fall in love with him?
But now all of that was gone—simply a distant memory. It was just me and Nick, again. Despite the brutal abuse, I was determined not to give him what he wanted. I gave up everything for my daughter; I would not forget her. 
One night, about three months after I was taken, Nick came home to find me cooking mashed potatoes and chicken. “Honey, I’m home,” he sang, like he was the husband from a 1950s sitcom, as he closed and locked the door behind him. I pasted on my June Cleaver smile and turned around to greet him. “Do you have a daughter?” he asked, for what seemed like the hundredth time. 
My false smile evaporated and I turned back around, reaching for a fork to test the consistency of the potatoes.
He was on me faster than I expected. “Don’t ever turn your back on me again,” he whispered roughly in my ear. Gripping my hand, he held it up over the steaming pot. “Now. I’ll ask you one more time.” He pushed the pot off the burner with his free hand, liquid splashing onto the flat top, the water dancing and sizzling on the scorching surface. “Do you have a daughter?” 
I bit my lip to keep from crying out as he pushed my hand closer to the now exposed red-hot burner. My palm was just centimeters away and I could feel heat radiating from the stove top. My hand trembled as I tried to fight, but he was so much stronger.
“Answer me,” he growled.
I whimpered as the tip of my pinkie made contact with the burner and then screamed as he held the whole finger down. My skin instantly bubbled and sizzled. Sweat broke out on my brow as a thousand knives stabbed into my finger…and then relief as he yanked my hand away. Cool air stung my tender skin. The smell of burnt flesh turned my stomach.
“Tell me, or it’s the whole hand.”
Hope’s beautiful face appeared in my mind. She was smiling, exposing the dimples she inherited from her father, her blue eyes twinkling in the summer sun. I hated what I had to do, but I knew Nick wouldn’t stop at burning my hand. Each time I denied him, it would only get worse. He wanted to control every part of me and he’d do whatever it took to accomplish that.
I closed my eyes and shook my head, my heart shattering with the move.
“Say it out loud,” he demanded. There was joy in his voice. He knew he had finally accomplished what he’d set out to do—I was his. I had nothing left.
“No,” I whispered. “I don’t have a daughter.” Please forgive me, Hope, I thought as he wrapped me in his arms, my face smooshed into his chest. His dank-smelling body odor was a sharp contrast to the floral scent of laundry soap on his shirt.
“There, that wasn’t so hard, was it?” He kissed my forehead, branding me again.
I stared over his shoulder, but didn’t see the counter or the potato peelings I had yet to toss away. I only saw my daughter, her eyes staring back at me accusingly. Then I blinked…and she was gone, my gaze turning vacant.
“I’m so sorry I had to punish you this way, but now that you admit that you have no family, you can finally accept that I’m all you have.” His tone was soft and kind. A complete contradiction to the words he was spewing.
He stood holding me for several long moments, kissing my hair and whispering soothing words that were meant to comfort me. Only they fell on deaf ears. All I could concentrate on was the guilt that seemed to consume me, suppressing all other feelings, even my sense of touch. I knew my finger should hurt, but I didn’t feel it. All I could feel was the loss of Hope, both the girl and the emotion.
He drew away from me, his hands clasping my arms. “Here, let me look at your hand.” He lifted my fingers tenderly, cradling them in his palm, and tsked. “That doesn’t look good.” He led me to a kitchen chair and made me sit down. “I’ll get you some antiseptic for that.”
When he disappeared into the bathroom, the knife I was using to cut potatoes whispered to me. My eyes fell onto it where it sat on the counter among the peelings; a white paper towel lying next to it. It wasn’t one of the new fancy ones with the rounded edge like I used at home. It was a real butcher knife; the tip was pointed and sharp enough to do its job. The urge to use it on the monster in the bathroom was overwhelming, until I remembered what I had done. What would I do if I killed him? I could never go back to the daughter and husband I betrayed. No, I was selfish and I deserved whatever he did to me. 
When he came back into the room, he replaced the pot onto the burner like nothing had happened and began to fix my hand. I remained motionless and allowed him do what he wanted. 

“Come on, Noah, you can throw better than that,” Sam yelled from the catcher’s position. His glove was poised in front of him; the mask he wore obscuring his face. “Just because she’s ready to pop doesn’t mean she deserves special treatment.”
Noah grinned at his best friend. He was wearing a baseball cap, his blond hair curled around the edges. “No. But she is my wife and if I strike her out, you don’t have to live with her afterward.”
Kathy laughed from third base. She too was wearing a baseball cap, protecting her eyes from the bright sun shining above her, making her oversize designer sunglasses unnecessary. “Come on, Noah, go easy on her.”
I was at bat, my ginormous belly protruding past the base. I glared at my husband, daring him to try anything funny. My grip on the wooden bat was steady as he gazed back at me with a lopsided grin.
Noah wound up for a pitch and when he let go, it flew right where I wanted it.
I swung. Smash. 
The bat cracked the ball, the sound echoing in my ears before the ball sailed out into left field where Wade was standing, looking bored. He dove for it as it bounced past him.
I didn’t move. 
“Run!” Kathy yelled with a laugh. “I mean, waddle as fast as you can.”
I couldn’t. Time stood still; everything and everyone around me seemed to freeze in place. The only sound I could hear was my heart beating in my chest. I was terrified. When I hit the ball, it wasn’t the only thing that had cracked. My water broke and it was leaking all over home base. I was too afraid to move.
“Honey?” Noah said hesitantly, concern flashing over his handsome features. “Are you all right?” He took a few steps toward me. When I looked down at the mess at my feet, he began to run. “Call nine-one-one!” he yelled, his voice shrill with panic.
I blinked, everything that I read and prepared for surging back to me. There was no rush. Yes, my water broke, but that didn’t mean we were in a hurry. The baby could be hours from coming—or it could be ready now. All the books said there was no way to predict. I did know, though, that it was just the beginning of a painful yet beautiful event, one that we didn’t need an ambulance for. “No, you don’t need to do that, just get me to the hospital.”
Noah nodded, his breathing erratic. “Right, okay.” He stood in front of me, motionless.
“Um, can you go get the car?” 
Nodding again, he said, “Oh, yeah. I’m sorry. I just can’t believe it’s finally happening.” He started rushing up the park grounds—away from me.
“Uh…can you help me?” I called after him. “I’m in pain here.” A dull throbbing had begun to pierce my abdomen. 
He spun around, reaching for my arm. “I’m sorry, let’s go.” He looked behind him at our team. Everyone just stood watching us as if they really were frozen. “Sam, Kathy, come on. The rest of you, have a good game.” As we headed to the car, we could hear squeals of excitement. I grinned as another jolt of pain stabbed my stomach. This one was much stronger. “That was for you, little one,” I whispered to my belly and the unborn child within. We didn’t know the gender; Noah and I had wanted it to be a surprise.

Fifteen hours later, my legs were stuck in stirrups and I was trying to push something the size of a watermelon out of something the size of a nostril. It was the most pain I had ever endured and I thought I might pass out.
“Just one more push,” Doctor Weatherly informed us, her head down at my nether region.
Exhausted and sweaty, I panted, “I can’t.”
“I know it’s hard, Abby,” The doctor began, looking up at me. The cap she wore to cover her hair was decorated with birds. I focused on a bright red cardinal as she spoke. “But it’s almost over.”
I took a deep breath and tried to push, but I just didn’t have any more energy. I had been at it for hours. “Ugggh!” 
“Listen to me, Abby,” Noah whispered against my ear. “You can do this. Think of Hope or Ben. We are so close to meeting our baby.”
He was right. We were about to meet the one that had kicked me in the middle of the night, that hiccupped while I was trying to write, the one that made tissues dance when we placed them on my stomach. We enjoyed the bonding we experienced while the little one grew inside me. We loved this baby already and one push was keeping us from meeting him or her.
I gathered all the remaining strength I didn’t know was there and puuusshed! 
“Aaaahhhhhh!” I screamed as my body stretched and tore. And then…crying. Our baby was born and it was a girl.
“It’s Hope,” Noah whispered softly in my ear as he kissed the side of my head, ignoring my sweaty hair that clung to his lips.
After months of debates on what we should name our child, it was Sylvia who finally thought of Hope if it was a girl. She said it was the perfect name for me after all I’d been through. I’d made a fresh start in Shimmer Lake with Noah, and the name Hope would remind us to hope for happier times to come.
Tears slid down Noah’s cheek and I couldn’t stop the smile that stretched across my equally damp face. I had just been in more agony than I knew was possible, but now looking down at my beautiful baby girl, it all disappeared.
It was the happiest moment of my life. 

I woke up in the middle of the night to horrible cramps. I couldn’t remember the last time I had my period and was surprised I hadn’t questioned it before now. Stress was a very powerful thing and has been known to affect the body in many ways. That must be what was happening to me. 
I climbed out of bed carefully, not wanting to wake Nick. After the night I had, I couldn’t stand to look at him. 
My bandaged finger throbbed as I made my way to the washroom, wondering what I would use once I got there. With everything I’d been through over the last few months, it was the last thing on my mind. I hadn’t thought of tampons on the last trip out. Nick had taken me to the mall a few more times since that day we had lunch at the diner.
When I sat down on the toilet, the sound of a plop echoed from inside the bowl. My eyes widened with terror at what was now floating in the toilet water—a tiny bloody blob. A fetus, covered in dark red slime.
I had been pregnant? But how was that possible? Thankfully, Nick always used protection, saying that he didn’t want to share me just yet. Thoughts swirled around in my head until the answer appeared. I had already known. When I woke up with cramps, I thought I had my period, yet couldn’t remember the last time it had come. It was definitely before I was kidnapped. And by the look of the fetus, it was more than three months old. I still remembered each stage of the baby’s growth from when my first child grew inside me.
The only possible explanation was that I had been pregnant with Noah’s baby. And I lost it because of the months of abuse from Nick. First he made me betray Hope and now he killed my second child.
Everything. Every single thing I loved in this world …was gone. I was alone, trapped in a black hole so deep in utter despair I couldn’t breathe. The edges of my vision turned red with an anger I couldn’t control. 
Before I could stop myself, I pulled up my pants and rushed into the kitchen to grab that knife. He killed my child so I should kill him. When my hand wrapped around the cold wooden handle, I raced toward the bedroom. This was it. I was finally going to end it all. He would never hurt me or my family again. It was the last straw. The only way to stop his terror was to kill him.
Once inside the dark room, I stood over his sleeping form. He was breathing steadily, his arm stretched out onto my pillow as if he was searching for me. Even in his sleep he wanted to possess me. I bent down, holding the knife over his beating heart, the tip just a breath away from his bare chest. One second went by…then another…and another.
Just like the time I held the pillow above his face, or this afternoon when I was tempted to end him for forcing me to betray my daughter, I couldn’t do it. I was not a killer. What would be the point; nothing had changed since this afternoon, except that I had one more reason why I couldn’t go home. Even though Nick was responsible for killing our unborn child, it was me who chose to go with him to save Hope. I cringed at the irony. In saving one child, I’d killed another. Noah would never forgive me. 
I stood up, the knife falling to my side.
I might not have been able to follow through. But things had changed. I was done. This moment was the end of us.

Over the next few days I didn’t speak, or do much of anything. I stayed inside myself, living in the memories of my previous life. It was better in my head. Reality sucked.
Nick seemed to sense my shift in moods and stopped the beatings. He took over the cooking and left me alone. His face was sad when he looked at me, almost as if he regretted breaking me. He had no reason to know what had pushed me over the edge. I wouldn’t tell him about the baby. It didn’t belong to him. It was mine and Noah’s, and my grief was none of his business. I cried the night of my miscarriage, singing Hope’s favorite song, “You Are My Sunshine,” as I flushed the fetus down the drain. It was the only funeral my child could have.
I mourned the life he or she would’ve lived with its parents and I mourned a memory I would never have of telling Noah I was pregnant with our second child. We had tried for months, years ago, to no avail. And when it finally happened, Nick destroyed it. 
That Saturday, Nick declared that I needed some fresh air. My desire for the outside world had disappeared with the death of my unborn child, but I conceded to his whim anyway. 
As usual, he did all the talking as he drove, telling me about the house he was building at work. Since the weather had gotten colder, they were working on the inside. He was now doing the tile for the master’s ensuite. “Someday I’ll build you your dream home,” he was saying as he pulled into a gas station to fill the tank. He leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. I felt nothing. “I won’t be long.” His door slammed shut with a thud, shaking the truck.
I gazed out vacantly at a little girl near the vending machine. “Can I get a candy bar, Mommy?” she cried to the woman who was pumping gas into a beat-up old station wagon. There was a whine to her voice when she said “Mommy,” just like when Hope wanted something. The corners of my lips pulled up slightly as I watched the girl. She was older than my daughter, but not by much, and her hair was raven black, unlike my child’s honey-colored hair. I wondered if I would ever stop comparing other children to my own.
The gas stopped pumping into the truck and then Nick suddenly appeared in front of me, blocking the girl from my view. He leaned into the open window, the scent of gas following him. “I’ll be right back,” he informed me cheerfully. Like I cared how long he took.
I turned away, unable to stand the sight of him, and blinked, unsure what I was looking at. Had I literally lost my mind the night I lost my child and begun to see things? Or were the keys really in the ignition of the truck?
I closed my eyes, sure that when I opened them again, they would be gone. But no, they were still there, dangling under the steering wheel, taunting me.
Was this a test? Had he done something to the truck? Maybe he’d pulled out a wire, making it impossible for it to start and he was simply testing whether or not I would make a run for it given the chance. It was the only explanation I could think of. Nick never made such a mistake. He was meticulous, even when he believed he could trust that I wouldn’t tell anyone and started taking me outside. 
The car with the little girl in front of me pulled away. Despite the very real possibility that he had tricked me, now that the way was clear I acted on instinct. If I’d really thought it through, I probably wouldn’t have moved. 
I turned around and peered inside the store. Nick was looking at me as he stood in line, watching me as he always did. I kept my focus on him as I inched my butt toward the driver seat—very slowly—never taking my eyes off of my jailer. The woman in line ahead of him spoke to him briefly; he answered politely. I moved closer, the steering wheel now just touching my left thigh. 
Nick looked away from the woman back to me, his brows furrowed, confusion clear on his face. I could see in his expression that something looked off. I had kept my head and upper body as close to my previous position as possible, at the same time sliding my butt toward the steering wheel. The bulky sweatshirt I was wearing helped shield the angle of my body. I was thankful that Nick had insisted on picking it up for me.
Something must have clicked inside his brain, because he reached down and felt the pockets of his coat at the very moment I slid in front of the steering wheel and turned the key, the old engine roaring to life. I blinked, shocked by the sound, and Nick’s carelessness.
His eyes widened.
I stepped on the gas and gunned it, driving past Nick as he raced for the door—my middle finger raised in salute.

Chapter Ten
Shame

Numbness slithered its way into my brain like fog, pushing out all feeling as I drove away from that gas station and Nick. I must have been in shock by what I’d just done. I couldn’t believe it. I was not an impulsive person, never have been. Losing my baby must have changed me. I couldn’t kill him, but I knew at the moment of the miscarriage that I was done.
Now that I’d made a run for it, where would I go? What would I do? When I asked myself those questions, I found no answer. I hadn’t planned this. The only thought in my mind when I slid in front of the steering wheel minutes earlier was simply to get away; beyond that never entered my mind. I couldn’t go home. I was ashamed of what I’d done to survive at the cost of my family and I didn’t deserve their forgiveness. I couldn’t go back to Nick. If I stayed for one more moment with that man, I was afraid I would wither away and die.
Even through the nothingness I was feeling, I knew that my goal at that moment had to be distance. It was necessary to get as far from that gas station, as fast as I could. Despite the fact that I was done with Nick, he wasn’t finished with me. I was his obsession and he would not let me go without a fight. 
It was those thoughts that made me drive faster than I ever had before. I didn’t really have a destination. I was in Tucson where I knew no one. With no money and no means of making a phone call, the only choice I had was to call 911. It was free and it was all I could think to do. I’d just have to find a pay phone. Did they make those anymore? Without one, I was out of options. Nick deserved to go back to jail where he couldn’t hurt me or my family ever again. It was the least I could do after running from the man who promised to kill my husband if I did that very thing. I was selfish and put my own life before Noah’s. 
Once I helped put Nick back in jail, I’d find a place to hide. 
The truck’s engine roared as I pushed the gas pedal closer to the floor. I was on a long stretch of highway, heading out of River Valley. Up ahead was an intersection; beyond that—a strip mall. I blinked at the sight before me. Flanked between a paint store and restaurant was a donut shop, and parked out front… a police car. My lips morphed into a grin at that particular stereotype coming true. Along with the smile, a bubble of excitement punctured its way through the fog. I almost cried. I was safe, he couldn’t hurt me anymore. 
I came to a stop at the light, my eyes never straying from the black and white cruiser up ahead. It was my beacon of hope—my salvation. When red turned green, I put my foot on the gas and—smash!
A car coming from my right ran the red light and crashed into the truck. Since I’d been in such a hurry when I’d made my escape, I wasn’t wearing a seatbelt and my body flew into the passenger side window like a rag doll. The impact of the car ramming into the truck was so strong, it skidded over the road sideways, only stopping when it hit a telephone pole. The sound of glass and metal crunching thundered through the truck’s cab. The window shattered above, showering me with shards of glass. Pain erupted everywhere—my head, torso, shoulder, arm; even my fingers were burning in agony.
When the truck stopped moving, I landed half on the dirty floor and the ripped seat, my head leaning against the passenger door. I could see the top of the vehicle that hit me through the driver’s side window. It was a black sports car, but at this angle, I couldn’t tell the make or model. I watched as the car door opened and…Nick climbed out.
Rage had slipped over him, tainting his appearance. His facial expression was twisted and hard, making the evil inside him show on the outside. His movements were like a mountain lion stalking his prey. 
I opened my mouth to scream, except nothing came out. Terror had smothered my speech, snuffing out my voice like a flame. 
He took another step toward the truck.
My body trembled when I thought of what he would do if he reached me. I ran my hand over the door handle and yanked. It clicked open just a crack before thumping into something solid. Since the door was now wrapped around the pole, that was as far as it would move.
I glanced around frantically, looking for some other way I could escape— there was nothing. I thought of crawling out of the now smashed passenger window but it was blocked by the pole. Just when I thought I was free, life sucker-punched me in the gut. I was trapped—again—vulnerable to the man set on controlling me. 
“Is everything okay?” a man called out from a distance. 
Nick’s expression was deadly when he turned toward the voice. “Fuck,” he cursed, spinning back around. He gazed at me hungrily. He took a hesitant step forward as if drawn to my presence, before looking back in the direction that the person had yelled. “God dammit!” His gaze turned feral. “This isn’t over,” he whispered. Then he was gone.
I heard the car start up and the squeal of tires before a police officer peered into the truck’s cab. “Are you all right?” he asked. My savior was a black man in his late twenties. His concerned expression and kind eyes were my salvation. He had saved me from my own personal monster and I was extremely thankful. 
I smiled, and then winced. Even my face hurt. “That man that just ran off kidnapped me three months ago.” I started to tell him my name…until the images of my time with Nick flooded through my mind like a kaleidoscope of horror, reminding me of what I’d done. Shame glued my lips together. I couldn’t reveal my identity. I could only help put away the man that threatened my family. 
“My partner is in pursuit of the car. We saw him ram your vehicle. She will find him,” he assured me.
His reassurance settled the fear that had erupted with Nick’s presence. Now that I was in police custody, I felt safe.

I was in and out of consciousness as the policeman and his partner pulled me from the car. Unfortunately, she’d lost Nick in a busy intersection, so she returned to help with me. I heard them on their radios describing Nick and the car he was driving, along with the vehicles plates.
“What’s your name, miss?” the first cop asked as he settled me into the back of his squad car. They had already assessed my injuries and since I wasn’t in any immediate danger, they moved me.
I didn’t want to answer his question so instead I sat back, leaning my head against the seat. The upholstery was strangely soft and smelled of lemons. Comforted, I closed my eyes, feeling the events of the day finally set in. I was extremely tired.
“The ambulance is on the way. I think you should wait to sleep until you’ve been checked properly. You could have a concussion.” This was his partner speaking, a woman a little younger than the first officer. I glanced at her, reading her name tag. Officer Johnson. Peering over her shoulder at the other one I noted that his name was Officer Clark. It was hard to keep from smiling at him. He had saved me from Nick’s wrath. Everything I had endured over the last three months was nothing compared to what he’d have done if he’d gotten me back. This man saved me from that. 

On our way to the hospital, I flinched at every pothole and speed bump the ambulance encountered. My body ached everywhere. Despite the pain, there was only one thing on my mind—my family’s safety. “Did they get him?” I whispered for what seemed like the hundredth time. 
“Not yet, but they will. We have an APB out for him. It won’t be long now,” Officer Clark explained, leaning over me. I’d insisted that he travel with me in the ambulance for protection. He smelled sweet, like doughnuts. It almost made my stomach growl. I hadn’t eaten much since my miscarriage. “I’ve radioed in your description to missing persons, but it’d be a lot more helpful if you’d give us your name.”
After several attempts to get it out of me, he must have guessed I was purposely holding back. I needed to give him an answer soon. I could use a different one; that way no one would come for me. “It’s Sarah,” I murmured, remembering the name Nick used when we went out in public. 
He smiled. “That’s better, now how about your last name.”
I opened my mouth to spout the first one that came to mind when the ambulance stopped and the doors opened. 
Officer Clark, whose first name I’d learned was Dillan, stood out of the way so the EMTs could do their job. I was soon rolled into the hospital while the paramedics barked my injuries and vitals to a woman dressed in scrubs. 
“How are you doing?” she asked with a kind, soothing voice. A mass of brown curls fell over her face as she leaned over me.
“Great,” I answered. She laughed, taking my answer as sarcasm since I’d just been in a car accident, yet it was the truth. I might be in pain, but I was free. It was selfish to be excited about that fact. Nick could be heading in the direction of Shimmer Lake right now. I gave myself a few minutes to rejoice in my freedom. 
“My name is Doctor Warren, and I’m going to take good care of you.”
I smiled through the pain. “Thank you.”
She started pushing me through the long corridor with two nurses on either side of the stretcher. They stopped next to a door. “Are you ready for some tests?” she asked me.
I nodded hesitantly, not entirely sure. 
“Good, I’ll leave you in Nurse Emma’s capable hands.” She nodded to an older woman wearing scrubs with teddy bears on them. “I will see you later and hopefully I’ll have all the answers.”
After she walked away, I was wheeled into the room for X-rays. When they were finished, I lay in the hallway waiting to be taken to a room. I dosed off soon after an old man in a wheelchair rolled by, humming “Amazing Grace.”
My sleep was deep and heavy, filled with blonde hair and blue eyes. I wanted to hold on to those images. They made me happy, but I couldn’t. As the darkness faded, I awoke slowly to see cold dark eyes staring down at me. “I won’t let you go,” Nick growled, leaning over me. 
I screamed, jumping up in bed.
Warm gentle hands held me in place. “Calm down, you’re safe here.” The voice was female and slightly familiar.
Confused, I glanced around my surroundings. Where was I? And where was Nick? As I took in the sight of a hospital room, the events of my escape came back to me. The woman standing next to me was Dr. Warren. 
“Where is Nick?” 
“If you mean your kidnapper, then they haven’t found him yet.” She let go of my arms, folding her own in front of her. “But I’m sure they will.”
“I just saw him.” The fear that had woken with me was clear in my voice. “He was standing over me.”
Her brows furrowed. “There was no one here when I came in, and he wouldn’t have been able to get by the guard at your door.” She looked around the room. “You must have been dreaming.”
Was I? It felt so real; the hate radiating from him couldn’t have been my imagination. Still confused, I thought of another question. “Can I leave yet?” The longer I stayed here the more chance for the police to figure out my true identity.
She shook her head. Her mass of curls were now held back in a clip, with some strands escaping around her face. It was amusing that this woman who seemed so calm would have hair so uncontrollable. It must drive her crazy. “No. You have a concussion, which is why I woke you. You’ll need to be monitored and woken every few hours. You also need your arm and ribs wrapped.” She picked up my chart that was attached at the end of my bed and examined it. “I’ve looked over your test results and I have to say you are one lucky lady.” She paused, flipping a page in my chart. “Besides the concussion, you have a sprained arm, a few cracked ribs, and multiple abrasions all over your body.”
“That’s it?” I asked, remembering my body flying through the cab of the truck and slamming into the passenger’s side door, the pain that had instantly erupted inside me. I couldn’t help think of Halloween. When Brenda and I were kids, we would throw our old jack-o’lanterns against the side of our brick house, watching the gourds explode all over our driveway. Our mother was not happy with the mess, but it didn’t stop us from doing it every year. That’s what it felt like when Nick smashed into the truck and I hit the passenger door, like a rotting pumpkin with my guts exploding everywhere. 
The doctor nodded, a shadow passing over her expression. “We will also have to do a rape kit. It’s standard with kidnappings.”
I closed my eyes and swallowed roughly, a shard of emotion scraping my windpipe as a vision of Nick on top of me flashed through my mind. Would they find out about the baby? Would they blame me for my part in losing it as much as I did?
Unable to respond, I simply nodded.
“We have a therapist on site, if you’d like to talk to someone.”
Panicked at the thought, I shook my head.
She smiled kindly. “I hope you change your mind. In the meantime, once your injuries are taken care of, the police will be in to see you to take your statement.” She stepped toward the door as I took a deep breath in, hoping to gather courage for what was to come. “I will have someone come in soon to transport you.” 
“Thank you,” I called as she disappeared into the hallway.
My arm ached in the sling they must have put on me as I slept, my head throbbed, and it hurt a little when I breathed. Other than that, I felt better than I had after the accident. I glanced out my window and gasped. It was dusk; I had missed most of the day. Who knew how far Nick could have gotten after all this time. I only hoped he wasn’t heading for Shimmer Lake. 

Over the next few hours, my arm and my ribs were wrapped so tight I felt like a mummy. However none of that was as upsetting as when they wheeled me into a private exam room, where I suffered humiliation by being probed and prodded in places I really would rather not mention. Because of the tests they did when I first arrived, they knew about the miscarriage. I’d been relatively silent throughout the whole process, too humiliated to speak, but when they assumed the baby had been Nick’s, I couldn’t help but correct them. I didn’t say who the father was; I just told them it wasn’t his. Not that it diminished what he’d done to me, but it was something I wanted clarified. I felt that the memory of my unborn child would be sullied if they believed it was Nick’s. I didn’t want that for him or her.
When I was brought back to my room, Officer Clark was waiting with a detective who introduced herself as Aubrey Thompson. Telling me her first name must have been an ill attempt to comfort me before we got to the reason they were there. It didn’t work. I had no interest in reliving my abduction, but if it helped to apprehend Nick, then I’d have to suffer through it.
It was difficult, but I told them most of the truth, changing the location of my capture from Shimmer Lake to New York. I knew it was wrong to lie to them, but where I was taken wasn’t significant. It was where I ended up, and where Nick was now that truly mattered. If I told them the whole truth, they’d figure out my identity. I couldn’t allow that to happen.
Once I was finished with my tale, I was disappointed to learn that they had yet to find any clues on Nick’s whereabouts. 
“Did you check the house he took me to?” I asked. I had told Officer Clark the location while we waited for the ambulance earlier.
The detective nodded, her big hoop earrings bouncing with the movement. “He wasn’t there, but we’re interviewing the landlord and people he worked with, hoping someone might know where he would have gone. So far there’s nothing.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat that grew from my disappointment. I was thankful when the interview came to an end.
Once they were gone, I closed my eyes, comforted by the fact that an armed guard stood just outside the door. I’d seen him when I was wheeled back into my room. He was a mountain of a man who gave me a compassionate smile and a wink as I wheeled past him. 
Just as I began to drift off, I realized that out of all of the detective’s questions, she never asked me my name again. Officer Clark and I were interrupted earlier before I could give him a last name, so why hadn’t they asked again? Before I could fully think this through, darkness took over. I dreamed of dark hateful eyes hovering over me while he took what he wanted from my body.

When Nurse Emma woke me up hours later, I couldn’t help but feel she wasn’t the only one in my room. Panicked, I jumped back in my bed, cowering against the pillows. My body ached from the movement, though I was too frightened to notice too much.
“You’re all right. I promise you, no one will hurt you here,” she said with a soft pat on my leg. She checked my arm, gave me some pain meds, and slipped out into the hall.
I wanted to believe her, but I could still sense a presence on the other side of the curtain. Maybe I had a roommate. When I was admitted, the first bed was empty.
Once I was alone again, a man slipped through the curtains, the smell of musk and wood following him, and my heart both broke and soared at the same time.
Noah.
Chapter Eleven
Noah

There was a storm cloud of emotions hovering over his features while he gazed at me. He was still as handsome as he’d been when I left, but stress and worry for me had altered his appearance. He looked a little better than he had the day I saw him on TV, though not by much. There were still dark circles under his eyes and lines creasing his face, but he had gained some weight. Someone was taking care of him. 
How did he find me? How could I get him to leave now that he was here? The questions buzzed inside me as we stared at each other for several long moments. I felt like I was in a staring contest, wondering who would break the silence first.
He did.
When he finally spoke, he couldn’t look at me. He peered through the window at the dark sky. “Why wouldn’t you tell them your name?” His voice was filled with torment that I yearned to soothe.
I picked at the blankets that covered my legs, twisting them in my fingers instead of answering.
“Was it because you didn’t want us to find you?” This time he looked at me. His gaze was intense with the need for answers.
My eyes fell to my lap when I nodded.
He looked away as pain washed over his face.
I hated hurting him, but the shame inside me was toxic. I couldn’t risk it spreading to those I loved. It was better for everyone if I avoided them. I closed my eyes, unable to see the agony of hurt on his face.
“Why?” he whispered.
I took a deep breath before I opened my eyes again. Instead of answering, I asked one of my own. “How did you find me?”
“When you wouldn’t tell them your name, Officer Clark took your fingerprints from the water bottle he gave you in the ambulance. They matched the ones Sam made you take years ago.” At the time, Sam suggested it because of the situation I was in with Nick. Now I regretted following through. 
Damn Officer Clark. My gratitude toward him for saving me dulled.
Noah took a step forward, his hand reaching out to touch me. I turned my head away from him. I didn’t see the disappointment on his face, yet I knew it was there. “I’ll ask you again. Why didn’t you want us to find you?” 
I really didn’t want to have this conversation, though it didn’t seem like I had a way out of it. “I’m not going home with you. And you can’t force me to.” 
He visibly winced at my harsh words. I hadn’t meant to compare him to Nick, the man who Noah believed forced me to go with him. “How can you say that?” His voice broke. “We were worried sick. I thought I’d lost you.” 
I couldn’t answer his questions. I never intended to see him again. I never wanted to hurt him.
When a single tear rolled down his cheek, I closed my eyes against the sight. The only time I’d seen him cry was when Hope was born. To me he was a hero and heroes didn’t cry. If they did it was because they were broken. I broke the man I loved to save our daughter. And I didn’t regret it. 
I flinched when I felt his touch on my cheek. My eyes fell open as I drew away from him. His hand dropped to his side. He turned away before I saw his expression.
He was quiet for a few moments, moving over to the windows and looking out. With his back turned, he finally spoke. “Detective Thompson introduced me to the hospital’s therapist. She explained that kidnapped victims sometimes feel ashamed at what they had to go through to survive and are reluctant to return home.” I was shocked that they had guessed my reasons, though it changed nothing. I wasn’t going back to Shimmer Lake. “She also said that in most cases, the kidnapper threatens the victim’s family and their desire to protect them keeps them with the kidnapper or keeps them away.” He stopped speaking as if he wanted me to confirm his speculation. 
My lips remained closed. I stared at the back of his head and a spark of something stirred inside me with the urge to touch his light blond hair. I knew from memory that it would be silky soft.
He turned around slowly. “Is that it? Are you ashamed of what you had to go through to survive?”
I looked away, staring at my pitcher of water that sat on my food tray, tiny droplets of condensation gathering over the surface. 
“Because if it is, you have to know I would never blame you for anything you did. I hate that he must have hurt you, but all I care about is that you’re back, safe and sound. That’s all that matters to me. You belong with your family.” He paused, his voice breaking again. “You belong with me and Hope. We missed you so much.”
I couldn’t look at him while he spoke. I felt a hot tear burn my cheek and fought the urge to wipe it away. I couldn’t, or he’d know that his words were affecting me. They were, but just not how he hoped. I was wracked with guilt and felt even more of a need to be away from them. I would only taint the memory they had of me. The woman and mother they knew no longer existed.
The silence that followed was awkward. He wanted me to respond to what he’d said and I wanted him to leave. Neither of us got what we wanted. I knew I should at least tell him about the baby I’d been carrying. I just couldn’t find the words.
“Hope wants to introduce you to George,” he blurted suddenly.
My interest was piqued, but I knew that’s what he wanted. He wanted me to ask, so I wasn’t going to.
“She loves him. She takes him everywhere. To Kathy and Sam’s, the park, Aunt Rosa’s, and even the bath tub. He sleeps with her every night.”
Who the hell was George and why was he sleeping with my baby? I couldn’t help myself; I spun around and glared at him, my ribs screaming in protest. How could he allow Hope to sleep with a…
“Cat,” he added with a smirk on his face, knowing he’d finally gotten an emotion out of me.
“You got her a cat?” I asked, dumbfounded. 
He nodded, his vivid blue eyes filling with hope. He’d gotten my attention, and now he thought he’d won. He was mistaken.
“But you’re allergic.” Hope had wanted a cat for years and as much as we hated to deny our daughter anything, we couldn’t get her what she wanted. We’d tried to deter her with a goldfish or a puppy, but she wouldn’t budge. She said she wanted a cat or nothing at all. It felt strange that Noah had made this decision without me and that I was in the dark about it. Before Nick took me away, I controlled everything she did. It was hard to let go, although I hadn’t really done that willingly.
“She missed you so much, I couldn’t stand to see her suffer. The cat helps a bit.”
I squeezed my eyes closed and held my hands over my ears. I couldn’t hear this.
I heard movement and then a few muffled beeps before I sensed his presence in front of my face. He was down at my level. “She wants to talk to you.” 
I opened my eyes to see his face inches from mine. He held out his phone and I blinked at the lit up screen.
I pulled my hands away from my ears and then wished I hadn’t.
“Hello.” The voice I dreamed of for three months, the voice I craved to hear every second I was away, was there on his phone. It was my beautiful, sweet daughter, speaking on the other end. I wanted to rejoice in finally hearing her voice in person, yet I couldn’t. How could he use our daughter in that way? That bastard. “Mommy? Are you there?”
I glared at him.
He shrugged. “We need you home, and I’ll do everything it takes to get you there.”
I couldn’t help think of Nick. He had used Hope too.
I was frozen. I didn’t know how to get out of this situation. 
“Hello! Mommy, are you there? Daddy’s cell number came up and Nana said it would be you.” She paused. “Mommy!” Her voice turned panicked.
I couldn’t hold out any longer. With another evil glare in Noah’s direction, I reached for the phone.

Chapter Twelve
Voices from Home

Tears clouded my vision as he placed the cell in my hand. The constant ache that lingered inside my heart since I’d been gone clawed its way to the surface. “Hi, baby.” I tried to keep the sobs out of my voice and sound as happy as I could. 
“Hi, Mommy, what took you so long to answer?” Her voice was exactly how I remembered it: sweet, happy, and a little shrill. I closed my eyes, savoring the sound. 
“I was just talking to Daddy. How are you?” Cradling the phone with my shoulder, I reached over to the nightstand with my good hand and grabbed a tissue, cringing when my ribs cried out in pain. I wiped the tears and dabbed my nose. Noah watched me from the chair in the corner. I could tell he was fighting the urge to help me, but knowing I needed distance, he stayed where he was.
“I’m okay. Where are you? I miss you so much.” Her breath caught like she was fighting a sob of her own. “Daddy said a bad man took you. Where did you go?” Her voice was rising with each word.
“I had some stuff to take care of that took me away from you guys.” I didn’t say I was coming back. I was still determined not to, yet there was a tiny glimmer of hope inside me that wondered if it was possible that if I did go home, could I live with myself, knowing that I had betrayed her. She would never know what I’d done, but I would.
“You’re coming home, right? Daddy said he was going to get you. Are you on your way?” I closed my eyes, holding the tears in. Noah was watching my reaction and I couldn’t allow him to see how much Hope was affecting me. “When you get home you can meet George.”
“George? Who’s that?” I asked, feigning ignorance. I was thankful for her change of topic. I knew that if she pressed for me to come home, I would eventually break.
“Oh, Mommy,” she began, her voice rising with excitement. “You won’t believe it. Daddy finally got me a…” She paused for dramatic effect. “Cat!”
A smile stretched out my lips against my will. Her excitement was contagious and for a moment, I couldn’t help feel that her presence might be able to heal me. As soon as that thought formed, I pushed it away. “Wow! George is a very strong name. He must be a great cat.”
She giggled. “He is. He’s black with orange spots around his eyes. It’s so cute. He looks like he’s wearing a mask. Nana loved him as soon as she met him and you will too.” 
“Nana?” I asked in a choked whisper. When Hope was born, Noah’s mother was already called Grandma by her other granddaughter, so my mother became Nana. Did that mean my mother was at our home? A yearning that stemmed from my childhood bloomed in the pit of my stomach. I had always wanted my mother near me when I was sick or upset; after my father died the feeling only amplified. She became my sole caregiver. Even as an adult I wanted my mommy when I was in pain. Knowing she was in Shimmer Lake didn’t help my resolve to stay away.
“Yeah, she’s right here. Do you want to talk to her?”
Before I could say no, I heard muffled sounds as the phone was handed over. A battle began in my mind. I should hang up, yet the broken child in me wanted my mommy.
“Hello?” My mom’s voice was hesitant and a lot weaker than I remembered.
“Mom?” I whispered, my voice rough with emotion.
I didn’t see her as much as I wanted since I had been living in Shimmer Lake, though at least a couple times a week Hope and I would call or Skype so she could see her granddaughter grow in between visits. 
There was a gasp of breath and a heavy sob on the other end of the line. “Oh, baby, they said you got away, I just didn’t believe it until now.”
Tears flooded my eyes, and my throat burned. “I missed you.” I looked over at Noah and he was smiling. He won. I wanted my mommy. I needed her comfort.
“Oh, Abby. Are you okay?” She sniffed before clearing her throat. “Did he hurt you?”
My instinct was to spill it all. To tell her every little detail of what he did to me and everything I allowed him to do, but the words wouldn’t come. The only way to forget my suffering was to never speak about it. My ordeal was over, why dwell on it? It would only bring pain, not only to me, but to my family. “I’d rather not talk about that,” I finally answered.
“What does that mean?”
I took a deep breath and sat up straight. I could do this. “It means I’m back and that’s all that matters.”
She must have taken my answer as a confirmation to her question because I could hear another sob, louder this time, over the phone line and then more muffled noises and whispers.
“Abby?” Brenda asked after several beats of silence, her voice quivering.
“Yes, it’s me. Is Mom okay?”
She was quiet for a moment before she answered, which was odd for my sister. “She’s a little upset right now. She just needs a moment. We’re just glad to hear from you.”
I swallowed roughly, trying to push away the tears, knowing that my mom was having problems dealing with my abuse and she didn’t even know the details. I knew right then that I was making the right decision by never telling anyone what happened during my kidnapping. If I went home, I would look to the future and try to forget the past. It was best for everyone.
“What are you guys doing there?” I understood that Noah would have needed someone to watch Hope when he left to come get me, but there were lots of people in Shimmer Lake that could have done that. Kathy always loved having her over. She was used to boys, and loved spending girl time with Hope. She was turning my daughter into a girly girl. 
“Mom took a leave of absence from the hospital when you disappeared, to stay with Hope and Noah, and I have been driving up on weekends to help out. Noah’s been searching for you and I wanted to be here if he needed an extra pair of eyes.”
I hated how much my disappearance had disrupted their lives. “You didn’t have to do that. What about Jeff and the kids?” I could hear Hope’s laughter in the background. It was a sound I wished I could record and listen to over and over. My time with Nick might not have been so dark if I’d had that with me.
“They’ve been coming with me. It’s been giving the kids a chance to be close with their cousin Hope, like we always wanted.” Her voice caught at the end. My being kidnapped by a deranged lunatic was not in our dreams when we were younger, planning to live near each other and vowing that our children would be best friends.
“I’m glad they’re getting to spend time together.” I looked up into the doorway when I heard a male voice. It was deep like Nick’s and terror began to choke me. I relaxed as I watched a man with light brown hair falling to his shoulders talking on his cell. He was carrying a bouquet of yellow lilies as he walked by.
Noah noticed my distress and stood up to close the door. But the damage was done. For a few brief moments, talking to my family, I forgot about the threat Nick still posed to the people I loved. Now, all the memories of my time with him poured into my mind. My hands trembled. I almost dropped the phone. “I need to go, Brenda.”
“Okay, we’ll see you soon?” Her voice was unsure; she must have known that I didn’t give my name when I was found. “I love you and miss you so much. We all do.”
I swallowed the giant-sized lump that formed in my throat. “I love you too, Brenda.” 

The room was quiet after I hung up. I didn’t know what to do. The shame was still living inside me, thriving on my pain. However, after speaking to my family, the desire to see them was so strong, I couldn’t breathe. I missed them all so much. The idea of running away and never seeing them again tore at my heart. I just couldn’t do it.
“Will you come home?” Noah asked softly. He must have sensed the battle waging inside me.
A hot tear ran down my cheek, burning my skin and falling onto the white blanket, darkening the material. “I don’t know.”
He didn’t seem to know what to say to that. We were at a stalemate.
Both of us grew quiet; the silence in the room was awkward and painful. A bunch of people walked by, their voices loud and boisterous. I smiled when I heard a nurse hush them, telling them that visiting hours were over. Since Noah was still here, the staff must be making an exception for him. It probably wasn’t a daily event to have a kidnapped victim reunited with their spouse in the hospital.
After a few minutes, the bed’s springs squeaked as he sat down on the edge. There was desperation in his gaze that I didn’t understand. “Can you tell me what happened the morning you were taken?”
I blinked up at him, surprised by his question. “What do you mean?”
“Did he take you or did you go willingly?”
Since I had left the note for him and Kathy, I knew he would question why I did what I did. “I went willingly.” 
As soon as the words were out of my mouth, the storm cloud returned to his face. “How could you do that to me, to your daughter?” he asked, pain dripping from his words. “Did he threaten me again?”
I had left Noah once before; despite the fact that Nick had been caught and was in jail, I knew he wasn’t done with me. The last time I had seen him after he tried to kill both Noah and me, he had promised to finish what he started with Noah. I left the man I loved to protect him, only to go back with him once he realized the reason why.
I shook my head. “Not at first, no.”
His eyes widened. “Then why? What happened?” 
Instead of answering, I asked him a question of my own. “What do you know about that day?”
He wrung his hands nervously on his lap, as if he had to fight the urge to touch me. “I know that Hope was missing and that you were searching for her. When I got to the house, I was surprised to find Hope home, and even more so when it was Kathy with her and not you. I asked Kathy where you were and she told me that you had called her earlier to explain that Hope was found at The General Store and you asked Kathy to pick her up, spouting some bullshit about you having a flat tire.” He laid his palms flat on his jeans, looking out at the night sky through the window. “She said she found the notes, one for her and one for me. Your car was spotted at the store parking lot, with the door open and your purse and phone inside. All of your tires were fine.”
I was shocked at his version of that day. I was sure that they would have guessed what happened. “Did you ask Hope how she ended up at the store?”
He was quiet a moment before responding. Regret flashed across his face. “She said a nice man took her for ice cream.”
I was a little shocked that Nick was good to her, although he had been a great uncle to his niece and nephew. “And you didn’t question that explanation? Like it was okay for her to go off with a strange man?”
A line formed in his forehead as he thought over my words. “I did, but she was there, safe and sound in front of me. You were the one I was worried about. No one knew where you were. I was so worried that yes, I accepted what she said.”
“Then why did you think it was Nick that had me?”
“Brian called. And no one could locate Nick or you, so we just assumed.”
I stood up from the bed, slowly, noting all the aches and pains still lingering from the accident, and stepped toward the window. “Nick took Hope. While we were waiting for the bus, he was watching us. I got that call from Marcy and I ran in to get the phone.” I turned around and faced him. He was leaning against the bottom of the bed frame; his blue eyes were intense as he listened to my explanation. Not really knowing the truth about what happened to me must have been horrible. “I swear I was only gone a minute or two, but when I came back, she was gone. He told me later that he was watching us. As soon as I went inside to get the phone, he grabbed her, covered her mouth so she couldn’t scream, and whisked her to his truck that was hiding on the other side of Sylvia’s cottage. When he drove away, he went north so I wouldn’t see his truck.”
The flash of anger over Noah’s features reminded me of Nick and his quick bursts of rage. “Why take her, only to give her back?”
“He didn’t want her, he wanted me. But he wanted me to go willingly.”
He closed his eyes as realization settled in. “Your life for hers.” He said the words like it was so obvious, he should have figured it out before. When he looked at me again, there was an apology in his eyes.
“Wouldn’t you have done the same?”
“Yes.” His voice was rough. “I’m sorry I doubted you.”
It was then that I realized what he meant when he asked if I had gone willingly. “You thought I chose to go, to be with him?” I asked incredulously.
He winced. “I didn’t really think that, but without knowing the whole truth, my mind kept wandering. The not knowing was excruciating. It almost killed me.” He rubbed his hands over his face. “I should have known better.”
I spun around to face him. “You should have known that I would never leave you freely.”
He smiled sadly. “I know that now.” He reached out to touch my cheek and I instantly pulled back. His hand fell to his side. Thankfully, he didn’t acknowledge my rejection. “I’m just glad you’re back.”
I sat back down on the bed, unable to meet his eyes. I gazed down at my lap. The hospital gown I was wearing just barely reached my knees. My legs were covered in old and new bruises, along with a few lacerations from the truck’s shattered windows. “A…lot…happened to me when I was gone.” All I could think of was the child I’d lost. “I don’t know if I can go home.”
Silence stretched between us. The only sounds were our breathing and the noises of the hospital outside the door.
After a few awkward moments, he reached out with the intention to place his hand on mine, but changed his mind—his hand fell to the crisp white blanket instead, his tanned skin looking dark against the light material. “I hate the time we lost and I hate what he put you through.” His voice wavered on the last few words. “But I am so proud of you for protecting our daughter.”
When his eyes watered, that was it, my heart broke. The urge to allow him to hold me, to feel safe for the first time in months, was overwhelming. I leaned toward him as if an invisible force was tugging at me. His arms went out, about to pull me into a hug I desperately needed. Just before he made contact, Nick’s hateful dark eyes swarmed my memory. I pulled back. “I’m sorry,” I whispered raggedly.
Instead of answering he lifted his hand and gently touched mine so briefly I didn’t have the chance to yank it away. His smile was full of understanding and kindness. I cursed Nick for pulling me backwards in time. Once again, I didn’t trust a man’s touch. And even worse, I didn’t feel I deserved it.
My emotions were scraped raw and even though I knew I shouldn’t, I found myself saying, “I’ll go home with you.” I didn’t have the strength to fight it anymore.
Noah grinned, his eyes alight with so much love, it scared me. I had to look away. “I’m so glad.” Suddenly, he leaned forward and I could tell he was going to kiss me. Instead of allowing it, I stood up. I wasn’t even close to ready for that. “I’m so sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” he mumbled softly before standing up himself. “I’m going to go look for Sam and then we’ll see about getting you out of here.”
I was looking outside at a neighboring building, avoiding his gaze when he spoke. I spun around, shocked by his words. “Sam came with you?”
Noah stopped at the door, his hand on the knob. “Yeah. He’s been working with the police, giving them information on Nick.”
I nodded, thankful that Noah thought to bring him.
“I’ll be back soon,” he said before he opened the door and slipped out.
Once I was alone, I sat down on the window sill and cried. Why was this so hard?




Chapter Thirteen
Homecoming

There were police cars blocking our driveway. Four of them to be exact, the white and black visible under the streetlights. If it was simply the sight of the cruisers I would have been all right, knowing they would protect us from Nick. However, that wasn’t my biggest concern. It was the swarm of people and news vans that the police were keeping away from my house that was the issue. Sam must have asked his friends on the force to make sure we had privacy when I returned. My breathing turned shallow as reporters flocked the car once we slowed to turn into the drive.
“Ignore them, Abby. You’re the story of the day, but they’ll find a new one soon,” Sam assured me. His voice was calm and soothing. A far cry from what I was feeling as the shouts drifted through the closed windows: “Abby, how does it feel to be home?”
“Abby, did you miss your family?”
“Do you fear your kidnapper will be back for you?”
Of course I did.
Noah was quiet, his expression hard. He was obviously annoyed at the people intruding on our reunion and he was trying to keep his cool in front of me. Normally he would be yelling at the reporters who were sticking their heads against our windows, shouting at me. Thankfully, when we crossed the police cars and pulled up to our house, the voices slipped away.
I was struck by how much our home hadn’t changed. It didn’t seem possible that I had gone through hell, yet the house that I’d made a home looked exactly the same. It’d only been three months since I’d been gone, yet it felt like an eternity. 
I still wasn’t sure if I was making the right decision by coming home, though once I told Noah that I would, he didn’t really give me the chance to change my mind. As soon as he left my hospital room, he tracked down Doctor Warren to find out when I could be released. Since I had a concussion, she wouldn’t allow me to leave until the next day. Noah took that time to book our flights and to discuss my leaving with the police. Sam had been giving them more information on Nick and any ideas he could, based on info he’d learned from Brian and Nick’s family. So far there were no leads on his whereabouts and that worried me. His threats played in my mind in a constant loop. I knew he would come for me. The only thing I could do was be ready for when that day came, because after talking to my mom, sister, and daughter at the hospital, I was determined to protect my family. 
The engine in the car fell silent, along with the people inside it. “Abby,” Sam said hesitantly from the back seat after a few moments of silence. “Are you ready?” He had insisted on accompanying us home, taking on the role of my personal bodyguard, and I appreciated it. He had his gun on him and I knew he’d use it if it was necessary.
I stared out at the house, unsure if I could move. It was dark out. Since it was mid-December darkness fell early. The driveway was filled with cars: mine, my mom’s, and Brenda’s, along with Sam’s. I knew there were people inside and as I watched the lighted windows, I wondered what they were doing. Were they making dinner, or already sitting down to eat? Knowing my mother, she was most likely waiting for me. What would she think if she knew her lost daughter was back and was afraid to enter her own home?
“Abby?” Noah’s voice held an edge of concern. “Are you all right?”
My gaze remained on the house that had once brought me so much happiness. I was no longer that woman. I didn’t even look the same. My hair had grown out some since Nick made me cut it months ago, but it still wasn’t as long as it had been. Now it fell just below my shoulders, colored the same dull brown I’d dyed it. An inch or two of my natural blonde roots were peeking through. It was nature’s way of rebelling against Nick’s attempt to hide me from the world forever. I’d also lost a lot of weight. The clothes I was wearing when I was taken now fell off of me. I barely recognized the woman I saw in the mirror. Until I found out who I’d become, how could I go home again?
“I don’t think I can,” I whispered, my voice barely audible.
Out of the corner of my eyes, I noticed a shared look between the men. They didn’t know what to do with me, and neither did I.
Before any of us could figure it out, the front door opened and my mother appeared. She was wearing a thick sweater and her oversized black boots that Brenda and I always made fun of. She stared at the car and took a few slow steps forward, the porch light guiding her way.
Noah and Sam climbed out to meet her, their doors slamming closed behind them. The car bounced with the impact.
They spoke in hushed tones for a few moments before she patted them both on the shoulder and sent them inside.
Once they were gone, she folded her arms in front of her and peered at me through the window. “You can do this, you know.” Her breath turned to fog as she spoke; her voice was muffled through the glass. 
I stared at her, unable to speak.
“Everyone in there loves you.”
I swallowed roughly and shook my head. How could they, they didn’t know what I’d done.
After a few moments locked in a staring contest that I had no intention of losing, my mother stalked up to the door and opened it. The woman looking at me was the no-nonsense mother I grew up with, the one who’d had to be both a mother and a father to me and my sister after my dad died. “Listen here, Abigail Rose.” Oh-oh, the middle name, now I was in trouble. “These people love you unconditionally. No matter what you’ve gone through, all they want is to be there for you, however you need them.”
I wanted them all to leave. Yes, I loved them too, but to see everyone all at once was a little intimidating. My butt remained glued to the seat.
Mom sighed, stepping around to the driver’s side of the car and climbing in beside me. “What’s really going on?” she asked, placing her hand on mine. I moved to pull it away, but she held on, her warmth seeping into me. “Tell me,” she pressed, squeezing my fingers.
She, like Noah had changed in the last three months. My abduction had clearly aged her. There had been a few gray hairs around her ears when I left, but because of her honey blonde hair, it wasn’t that noticeable. Her hair was already light; the gray seemed to blend in with the color. Now, though, it was streaked throughout and even in the dim light of the car, I could see it. It wasn’t just the hair either. There were more lines on her face, especially around her eyes and forehead. Even with the changes, she looked beautiful. I missed her so much. I wished I could jump into her arms and cry like a baby. It was what I wanted to do when I talked to her on the phone yesterday. Now that I was here, though, I couldn’t allow myself the comfort, and I wasn’t exactly sure why.
“I can’t.” My voice was stronger than I thought possible.
She blew out an exasperated sigh and shifted her body into the seat. “Well then, we might as well get comfortable. Because I’m not leaving until you either tell me what’s bothering you, or you go inside.”
If that was my only choice, then I had to be strong. I wasn’t ready to talk. I wasn’t sure I ever would be. “Fine, let’s go.”
Opening my door, I climbed out and stood up, the used running shoes Nick purchased at a second-hand store digging into the gravel below me. There were a few specks of white blended into the stones. It must have snowed here earlier, though not a lot was left to prove it.
I glanced up at the lake house I once loved. The butterfly wind chimes still hung from the porch roof. I could hear their twinkling song from the driveway and I felt comforted by the sound. It made me think of lazy afternoons lounging on a chair watching Hope swim. I could almost feel the warm soft breeze on my face instead of the cool winter wind.
“Are you ready?” my mom asked as she stepped up beside me, threading her hand through my good arm to guide me. The aching, broken one was cradled in the sling the hospital provided me inside my coat. 
I nodded ever so slightly. I wasn’t sure if I was, but it didn’t seem like I had a choice.
Together, we walked the rest of the way and up the steps. When my mother placed her hand on the door knob, I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. If I survived a madman, surely I could survive my own family.
When I nodded, she pushed the door open and we stepped inside.
An explosion of smells, sounds, and movement hit me like a freight train. The house was crowded with people. Even though I considered them family, I wasn’t used to so many bodies around me all at once. My senses were overloaded. And when they all gathered around me, hugging me, my ribs hurt, my arm ached, and my head began to throb.
I began to hyperventilate.
My mother heard my haggard breathing, and her eyes widened with concern. “Let’s everybody give Abby some space.” She grabbed my hand and pulled me into the living room and onto the sofa. “Take slow breaths in and out,” she instructed, holding my face down between my legs. I pushed up against her hand, glancing at the people hovering in the doorway watching me. “Don’t worry about them. Focus on your breathing.”
I did what she said and closed my eyes. I took slow breaths in and out, noticing the spicy floral scent that was our house. 
“Think of your daughter. I bet you’d love to see her.” 
I nodded. I’d caught a glimpse of her long blonde hair below all of the adults in the room, but lost her when I began to panic. 
“Hope, come here and see your mother,” she called, her voice raised loud enough for her granddaughter to hear. To me, she whispered, “Open your eyes, you’re okay.” She lifted her hand from my head, allowing me to sit up, 
Again, I did as she instructed, and saw my daughter. She was standing next to the couch gazing at me hesitantly. I was sure the scene earlier must have confused her. I had always been the one she came to when she was hurt. I was her rock and for her to see me almost break down must have frightened her.
I smiled at her in attempt to put her at ease. It was easy to do. I’d missed her so much. She was as beautiful as ever. Her hair was in a French braid along her hair line that eventually led to a pony tail at the back of her head. It was definitely the work of my sister. She loved playing with little girls’ hair. Before her daughter, Haley, came along, I had been her guinea pig. When we were kids, I was always going to school with my hair in different styles.
I opened my arms as much as I could with a wounded one, and said, “Hi, baby.”
A thousand-watt grin flashed over her face as she jumped into my arms. I winced at the pain in my ribs and pulled her to me, breathing in her scent of the baby shampoo I still used on her. It was my favorite smell, because it reminded me of my favorite person. Tears fell over my cheeks when I heard her sobbing into my coat. “Mommy,” she mumbled through tears. “I missed you so much.”
Choking back my own sob, I lovingly rubbed her silky soft hair. “I missed you too, baby.”
“Don’t ever leave me again.” She lifted her head, peering up at me. Her voice was a demanding pout, her lip was stuck out, and tears filled her eyes. 
I couldn’t make any promises since I knew Nick wasn’t finished with me, but I had to keep that to myself. Right now, my daughter needed reassurances. “I won’t, sweetie. You’re stuck with me.”
She smiled. “That sounds good.” 
I leaned my head on hers, savoring the warmth of my daughter. I had dreamed of this moment for months. I couldn’t believe it was finally happening.
“Why is your hair short and brown?” she asked, pulling away so she could look at me.
“Um…” I couldn’t think of how to explain my appearance. Thankfully I didn’t have to.
“She wanted to try something different.” My mother always seemed to know what to say.
Hope gazed at me, her big blue eyes scrutinizing my new look. “I liked it better the way it was.”
I laughed softly, cherishing her childlike honesty. “Me too,” I agreed, pulling her in for another hug. 
I looked up at the sounds of sniffing. Brenda and Kathy stood in the doorway, watching us with tears streaming down their faces. When I looked at them, all I could see was concern and a little worry etched around their eyes. “I missed you guys too.”
The two of them took a few slow steps into the room, leaving their kids in the kitchen with the men. When I nodded, they sat across from me on matching chairs. I didn’t mind seeing everyone, just not all at once with them all talking a mile a minute. I had been in silence for way too long.
Knowing they were curious, I decided to quash any questions they were about to bombard me with. “I know you guys love me and want to know what happened, but I really can’t talk about it. The last three months are in the past, and I’d rather not dwell on it.” I forced a smile. “I’m home now and I just want to focus on my family.”
A wave of concern washed over all the faces before me. Kathy was the first one to speak. “But don’t you think it will help to get it off of your chest?” She looked around the group, searching for allies. They all nodded in agreement. “You can’t keep it bottled up inside.”
I had no intention of keeping anything bottled up. I just had an idea of another way to release the darkness that lingered. “I told Noah what happened the morning that Nick took me. If you want those details, you will have to ask him.” I turned to my mother. “Is dinner ready? I’m starving.” I wasn’t really. Honestly, with all the attention on me, I didn’t think I could eat a bite, but they needed something other than me to focus on.
A sad smile flitted over my mother’s lips as she stood up. “Yes. I made your favorite.”
“Fajitas?” I asked, feeling a bit of my appetite returning.
She nodded, holding her hand out for Hope.
My daughter took Mom’s hand and with Hope’s free one, she pulled me up and into the kitchen.
The others stayed in the living room where I could hear Noah talking softly, most likely filling them in on the events of the morning Hope went missing.
I ignored them and sat down at the table, while Mom brought over the food. I didn’t feel quite at home in my own house yet and was fine with my mom taking care of me.
Hope and I had just filled our first tortilla when the rest of the group wandered in, taking seats around the table. Noah sat next to me and gave me a wan smile. Both Kathy’s and Brenda’s eyes were wet with tears as they sat beside their men. They must have been affected by Noah’s explanation. I was glad I didn’t have to be the one that gave it. 
“Are you going to introduce George to Aunt Abby?” Haley asked. Since she had just turned thirteen, Haley was really helpful with Hope.
Hope’s eyes widened and the enormous grin from earlier returned. “Oh, yeah.” She hopped off her chair and ran to her room, stopping when she reached the door. “Just one minute, Mommy, you are going to love him.” The excitement in her voice was palpable. It was obvious that she loved her new cat. When Hope came back out, she was holding a tiny black kitten with orange spots around the eyes. He was wearing a red bandana. “Isn’t he adorable?” she asked, bringing him over to me and placing him on my lap.
“He sure is,” I agreed while the feline sank into my legs and began to purr. When I stroked his soft fur, the purring amplified. I glanced up at Noah, who was watching me curiously. “And it doesn’t bother you at all?” I asked. Hope had bugged us for years, but Noah was adamant on not getting one. I understood his reasoning for caving, but if it made him suffer, why would he give in?
“It’s fine. I hardly notice it anymore.” He shrugged, and the corners of his mouth lifted to an almost smile. “I’ve been stocking up on allergy medication.”
His words warmed my heart. The man loved our daughter so much he was willing to suffer through puffy irritated red eyes and stuffy nose to cheer her up because she missed her mother terribly. Wanting to show him how much I loved him, I smiled, reaching over to pat his leg with my hand under the table briefly. I saw his eyes widen in surprise at my touch. 
I didn’t leave it there long. Pulling my hand up to pet the cat on my legs, I turned my attention to my daughter. “Why don’t you go put George back in your room so we can finish dinner?”
“Okay, Mommy. I’ll be right back.” She took him from my lap and rushed into her room.
“How’s your arm?” Brenda asked me, a small smile brewing over her lips. 
I furrowed my brow, wondering why she was smiling. “Uh…It hurts, but as long as I don’t move it too much, it’s bearable.”
“So, it’s not as bad as the last time you sprained a limb.” I could hear the laughter in her voice. I knew what she was doing, attempting to cheer me up.
It worked. I could feel my own lips turning up in a grin. “No. It’s not.”
Noah glanced from me to my sister and then to my mom, who began to smile as well. “What’s so funny?”
“And what limb did you sprain?” Kathy added.
I opened my mouth up to explain, only Brenda beat me to it.
“Her ankle. She sprained it during the skipping incident of ’ninety-three.”
Kathy laughed. “The what?”
The group at the table all turned their attention to me. Their expressions that had been grim earlier turned curious.
Hope came back from her room and hopped up in her chair next to me. She picked up her fajita and took a bite.
It was my mom that continued the story. “She was skipping rope at school. She was in line, getting ready to jump in, and when she leaned forward to make the first jump, a boy behind her stepped on her foot, twisting it.”
A few bouts of laughter erupted around the table. My grin widened. “It’s not funny,” I said, laughing. “My foot swelled to the size of a football. It was bright purple.”
For some reason, that made them laugh harder.
“She had crutches for weeks,” Brenda said in between laughter. “One time, she poured herself a drink and then hopped with the crutches and the cup in her hand.”
“You can imagine what happened next.” My mom took over the story.
“She spilled the juice all over herself?” Noah guessed.
Brenda nodded. “Yep. And the floor, the fridge, under the fridge.”
The laughter started up again. “Hey, I hated those crutches. I couldn’t do anything on my own.” I shrugged. “So I hired a maid,” I explained, looking over at my sister.
“You were her maid?” Kathy asked Brenda.
Brenda nodded, her one shoulder lifting dismissively. “She paid well.”
“Yeah, it was the best fifty cents an hour I ever spent.” With that, the room erupted in laughter and by the look of their faces, after everything we’d been through, it was exactly what we needed.

After we all finished eating, I sat down on the couch beside Kathy.
“How are you feeling?” she asked.
I sighed. “Tired.” It was true. I was still achy from the accident and all the emotions from the last few hours were taking its toll.
“I can only imagine. You’ve been through hell.”
I nodded slowly. “I,” I began, hesitantly, “wanted to apologize for lying to you the day we were looking for Hope.”
Her face fell. “There’s no need for apologies, I understand why you did it. I should have known that something was wrong.” Guilt radiated in her voice and the expression on her face. “I should have stopped you.”
I hated that she had felt this way for so long. I shook my head. “There was no way you could have. And I couldn’t risk telling you because he threatened to kill Hope.”
Her body tensed. “Oh, Abby. That must have been awful.”
“It was.” I cleared my throat, pushing away the lump that formed. Just remembering his threats to my only child brought the terror I had felt that day back to clench my heart. If I’d known then that I was pregnant, would I have made the same choice? I wasn’t sure of that answer. “Anyway. That’s over now. Let’s look forward.”
She smiled and hugged me quick before I could pull away.
After our talk, Kathy told the group that it was time to go and that I needed to rest. She and Sam took the boys home and Brenda led her kids to Sylvia’s cottage next door. We usually used it as a guest house when Sylvia wasn’t there.
My mom decided to sleep on the couch, saying she wanted to be close to me now that she finally got me back.
I was a little leery to sleep with Noah, but I didn’t have the heart to tell him. It didn’t matter anyway; I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
Dark, hate-filled eyes glared at me, moving closer… I opened my mouth to scream, but hands clasped around my throat, preventing any sound from forming.
Arms wrapped around me instantly and I started to push them away, panic bubbling up inside me like a volcano just waiting to burst. “Abby, calm down. You’re okay, it’s me, Noah.”
The terror that loomed inside me slipped away as I sat up in bed, looking around the room. I was sure Nick had found me again, but besides me and Noah, the room was empty.
That was the second time in twenty-four hours that I had awoken from a deep sleep, terrified after seeing the dark eyes that haunted my existence for months. I only hoped the fear would dissipate so I could eventually sleep. I was afraid it would happen every time I closed my eyes. I would never be rid of him.
My mother appeared in the doorway wearing the same concerned expression that clouded Noah’s features. “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine, guys. Don’t worry.”
“You screamed,” Noah pointed out.
I shrugged, as if that fact was no big deal. “It was just a nightmare. Everyone has them.”
The bed creaked beneath us as my mother sat down on the edge of my bed, taking my hand in hers. “Yes, but not everyone goes through what you have.”
“If you’re worried about Nick, don’t. He won’t ever hurt you again.” Noah’s words were said with conviction.
I knew he meant well, but there was no way to guarantee that. Nick could be outside right now, just waiting for his chance to either kill us all or to take what he considered his—me. I couldn’t let that happen. Everyone else thought he would be crazy to try again. Sam had insisted earlier that he was sure Nick had fled the country, and Noah, who was determined to stay by my side, was adamant that I was safe. 
They were both wrong. 
He would be back. It was just a matter of time and I would be ready. No one could save me from the monster but me. I was determined to change my story. I was no longer the victim; it was time I became my own hero.

Chapter Fourteen
Awkward

The next morning, I stumbled out to the kitchen, exhausted. My mind had been riddled with images of Nick all night. If I did sleep, it wasn’t for long. Would I ever be truly free of him? Even when I wasn’t physically in his presence he managed to mentally push his way into my thoughts. I was either replaying his abuse or worrying he’d reappear and force me to once again be his prisoner. I couldn’t live through that again—hence the night of tossing and turning.
Instead of sleeping, I lay awake gazing at the man I loved. Noah had always possessed chiseled good looks, thick blond hair that hung just a little bit too long, and vivid blue eyes that had a way of making my knees weak. But none of that was the reason I’d fallen in love with him. I tried to stay away, but his persistent kindness was simply too difficult to resist. Now, though, after my time with Nick, simply the idea of Noah’s touch frightened me; how could we ever get back our intimate relationship? Would I ever be able to be close to him again?
Back in the kitchen, the scent of coffee and the sound of the music playing softly from the radio above the fridge permeated the air. My mother was sitting at the table sipping coffee and reading the paper. Brenda, who sat next to her, was engaged in a crossword puzzle. The whole scene looked so normal, I could almost believe that I’d dreamed the last few months, until I took a breath and cringed from pain in my ribs. The proof of my confinement was in my memories, in the injuries I still held and the shame that had embedded itself into my soul.
Both Mom and Brenda smiled brightly at me when I sat down across from them, the chair’s legs squawking as I pulled it closer. “How did you sleep?” my mother asked.
I shrugged in an attempt to downplay my restless night. “Not bad.”
There was a brief silence between the three of us. I couldn’t help but wonder if they believed my lie. Something told me they didn’t. While I waited for one of them to speak, I noticed a cardinal outside the window, snacking on the seeds in the feeder Noah and Hope made last summer in his workshop. 
“I got a text from Debbie. She wanted me to apologize to you for not being here last night, she couldn’t get away,” Brenda informed me, pulling my attention away from the bird. She traded her pen for her steaming cup of coffee. I could smell the nutmeg from where I sat. She always added the spice in her morning coffee and drank it while working away at her puzzle.
I almost smiled, finding comfort in her morning ritual. Not everything had changed. “That’s okay, I understand. I didn’t expect her to drive all the way here anyway.”
“She’s planning a trip up in a few days.”
I frowned. I wasn’t really up for more company. The house was crowded enough without adding more people to the mix. In the middle of the night I had actually wondered when our current visitors were leaving. It was already going to be difficult to pretend that I was okay with Noah, and now with our extra guests’ watchful eyes following my every move, even more so. “That’s not necessary. I’m fine.”
“She knows it’s not a necessity. She’s your best friend. You were gone for three months. She was worried about you and wants to see you.”
My mom eyed me, a line forming between her eyes as she poured some coffee into an extra cup and handed it to me. “There’s your phone, if you want to call her.” 
I looked in the direction she nodded and winced. Next to my purse, my red cell phone sat in the center of the table. The last time I had seen either item, I was rushing to The General Store to find my daughter. I hadn’t even closed my car door, leaving my purse and cell in the console. I didn’t cherish the idea of using either one ever again. They reminded me of that day, and I was tired of reliving the worst moments of my life.
I could just imagine the texts and missed calls that were on my cell phone. All the worried voices of my loved ones would only reaffirm the shame I felt for making my choice. I made a mental note to get a new one with a different number. I didn’t want to listen to the messages and I wasn’t in the mood to speak to anyone right now. 
“Good morning.”
My spine went rigid at the sound of a deep male voice behind me. Regretting my reaction, I tried to hide it by standing up and heading to the bathroom. I’d only been out of bed for a few minutes and I already needed a break. I knew Mom and Brenda only wanted to help me, but their constant questions and pressing about allowing Debbie to visit me felt like I was being interrogated. How was I supposed to live with these people every day, never having any time to myself?
Noah smiled at me as I passed by him. He looked rested, his hair a bit mussed from sleep. He was wearing sweat pants and my black oversized ACDC T-shirt, a souvenir from my first concert with Debbie. We’d gone our freshman year when we should have been studying for finals. When Debbie heard they were playing nearby, she forced me to go with her. I’d never been a fan…until that night. Noah had claimed the T-shirt after we moved in together, stating that it fit him better than it did me. He was right, of course, only I had no intention of allowing him to have it. Before I was taken, I used to hide it on laundry days where only I could find it. Now, seeing him in my shirt was just another reminder of my long absence. He wouldn’t be wearing that if I’d been home. There was no way he could’ve found it.
All I could manage was a nod at him before retreating to the bathroom where I could be alone and collect myself.
Once inside, I stared into the mirror. My face was a collage of injuries: along with multiple abrasions along my chin and forehead from the accident, there was also a bruise on my cheek. Nick had given it to me when he was bullying me into betraying my child. There were other marks from that time, hidden beneath my clothes, that were beginning to yellow and diminish. But even though they were fading, their intent was still fresh in my mind. More shame to fill the emptiness of my soul.
Staring at my reflection, I couldn’t help but feel dirty for allowing Nick to have his way. I hadn’t showered since I escaped. As soon as the thought entered my mind, I became frantic with the need to cleanse Nick from my body. I craved the sense of being clean more than I craved oxygen. 
The hot water was exactly what I desired. I scrubbed my body until my skin was raw and blotchy and after all those months with a man I hated, I almost felt clean. The water also cleared my head, pushing away the contrasting feelings of fear and guilt I held for everyone in the house. I hated the silence that was forced upon me for three months, but after only one night of being home, I craved solitude. If I was alone, I could act any way I wanted without the watchful eyes of the ones I loved constantly judging me.

After I dried off and changed into my favorite yoga pants and tank top, I wandered into Hope’s room to see if she was awake. The room was empty, and I could now hear her laughter out in the kitchen with the others. Instead of following the sounds and joining my family, I lay down on her twin princess bed and glanced around the room. There were so many memories of our time together in this place. This was where she slept after we brought her home from the hospital. This was the place we rocked her to sleep every night for months after. This was the place we paced back and forth, patting her bum, trying to get her back to sleep in the wee hours of the morning. I smiled, thinking back to those times where the only worry we had was whether she pooped the bed or spit up on our clothes. When I thought of my first late night in here, my smile widened.
“What are you doing, Noah?” It was three o’clock in the morning and I had awoken to feed Hope, who wailed from the bassinet next to our bed. My husband’s side was empty, and once she was fed, I’d gone looking for him.
“Painting Hope’s room,” he answered absently.
“Now? It’s the middle of the night.”
“I know, but now that she’s here, I want it to look perfect for her.”
For nine months I couldn’t decide on a color for the walls of the nursery. Finally giving up, I chose to wait until the baby was born to make the decision. That way, we wouldn’t need to go gender neutral. 
I rocked back and forth, the floor creaking beneath my feet. With her belly full, Hope was now asleep in my arms.” There’s no hurry, I like her in our room in the bassinet.”
Noah rolled the dusty rose paint I’d finally chosen onto the center of the main wall and turned. There was a dot of paint on his nose, as if he had scratched it with paint on his fingers. “I know, but I want her to feel welcome. She needs a space of her own that’s just for her.”
A grin spread over my lips despite the grogginess that filled my mind. “She’s only four days old. I don’t think she cares.”
“I care,” he mumbled, leaning down to get the bottom, carefully avoiding the trim.
I watched him work for a few minutes until the wall was almost finished. Then it hit me. I knew why he was up at this ungodly hour, painting. It wasn’t about the room or making a place for Hope. It was about him.
I left Noah quietly, only to return a moment later after placing Hope back in her bassinet. She was sleeping peacefully, sucking on her bottom lip.
He was cutting in around the window of the far wall with a narrow brush.
“You are going to be an amazing father.” I said the very truthful words to his back. He was still facing away from me, working around the window. 
The hand that was holding the brush froze mid-stroke. He was silent for a few moments before he spoke. “How do you know?” The uncertainty in his voice was palpable.
I took a deep breath, fighting tears. Since I’d been pregnant, I’d been extremely emotional. I wasn’t that surprised when it was a girl that finally came out. There had to be extra estrogen flowing through me. “I know because you are the kindest, most patient man I’ve ever known. I couldn’t have fallen for you otherwise.” I took a few steps into the empty room and stopped in the center. “You were just what I needed when I first moved here. You saw a woman that needed help and you stood by her and protected her at all costs.” A few tears slipped out as the memories of our time together floated to the surface. “How could you not be a good father after what you did for me?”
Finally, he turned around. His expression held the doubt that I sensed in his voice. “I don’t want to screw this up. She’s so perfect.”
I nodded, moving to wrap him in my arms, breathing in his woodsy scent. “You won’t. And if you do, I’ll be there to back you up. Just like you can back me up when I screw up.”
He returned the embrace, nuzzling his face into my hair. 
When he remained silent, I figured he needed more reassurances. I’d had no idea how insecure he was about being a father. He hadn’t spoken a word of it in the last nine months. “There is no perfect parent. We just have to try to do the best we can.”
He pulled away and grinned at me. “I’m so lucky to have you. You are going to be a great mother.”
“I hope so. We are her family now, whether she likes it or not.”

The sound of Hope’s voice pulled me out of my reverie. Despite my longing to stay and live in the past, I was hungry. I needed to go back out to reality.
Just what I needed, the kitchen was filled with more people. Kathy was back, along with Haley, Justin, and Hope. They were all sitting around the table eating chocolate chip pancakes—my favorite breakfast as a child. I knew that wasn’t a coincidence. First my mother had prepared my favorite meal for dinner last night, and now this. The gesture should have made me happy, but instead I was somewhat annoyed. I didn’t want all of this attention. I wanted to heal in my own way. That couldn’t happen with all these people around me. I forced a smile and stepped up to my mom, where she stood by the stove. “Thanks, Mom,” I said, taking a couple of pancakes.
She leaned in quickly, planting a kiss on my cheek. I sucked in a sharp, shocked breath and then hoped she didn’t notice. By the flash of hurt that tainted her features, it was obvious that she had. I felt guilty instantly. “Anything for my baby,” she answered, not meeting my eyes.
“Guess what I brought?” Kathy asked me with a wide grin when I sat down beside her. Her red curly hair was up in a haphazard bun. Loose strands poked out of the sides, like a picture of a sun.
I shrugged, watching my mom whisper softly to Brenda, who was stuffing dirty dishes into the dishwasher, plates clanging together as she dropped them inside. I wondered if they were discussing me.
Unaware of my eavesdropping, Kathy lifted a pharmacy bag, shaking the contents inside. “Hair dye.”
I touched my hair self-consciously, not knowing how to respond. I understood how awful my appearance was. Beside my marked face, the hair cut was blunt and uneven. The mousy brown color was fading away, leaving inches of my blonde roots visible. But despite all of that, I couldn’t help but wonder if changing my looks now was too soon. I just got back last night. Was I ready for such a drastic change?
Her grin faltered at my reaction and she glanced from Brenda to Noah. “You look fine. I just thought you could use a change. Like you said last night, ‘It’s time to look forward and forget about the past.’ I’m also going to cut your hair into a fun short style.”
For some reason a ball of dread the size of my head lodged itself into the pit of my stomach. “Uh…Are you qualified for that?”
“She’s cut mine and Sam’s since we were kids,” Noah explained. He had finished his pancakes and was sitting in his chair silently observing me. 
I frowned at him. “That doesn’t exactly make me feel any better.” Cutting a woman’s hair was a lot more complicated than most men’s short styles, although Noah’s was longer than Sam’s. I’d seen Kathy go at her husband with an electric razor a few times. I would not look good with a buzz cut.
Kathy laughed, unconcerned that we were discussing her as if she wasn’t in the room. “Don’t worry, Abby, I’m pretty good, I promise. My mom used to be a hairdresser with her own shop in our basement. I watched her all the time.”
“Go for it, Abby. I think having an entirely new look will do you good. You’ve had the same hairstyle since we were kids,” Brenda agreed, approaching us, twisting a dish towel in her hand.
That was true. When Nick made me cut it, I felt like my long hair defined me, but now that I thought about it, that was kind of an odd thing for me to care about. It was just hair. It would grow back. Before I could stop myself, I found myself nodding my consent.
Noah excused himself, saying he’d give us girls some privacy while he headed out to his workshop. He must have gotten dressed while I was in the shower. Now his comfortable clothing was replaced with a plaid shirt and jeans.
My mom and Brenda took the kids and disappeared as well, heading back to Sylvia’s to shower and change.
Before I knew it, I was alone with Kathy. She gave me a big smile and got right to work. I didn’t speak much while she colored my hair and thankfully I didn’t need to. She prattled on about what had been happening in Shimmer Lake while I’d been gone. “You will never believe what happened a few months ago.”
Thankful that I wasn’t the only newsworthy gossip, I asked, “What?”
“Old Henry Reynolds was up to no good.”
I smiled in anticipation through the strong chemical smell of the dye. Her gossip took me away from my own thoughts for a time. “What did he do?” I asked, suddenly curious. No one really liked Henry Reynolds and he was often the subject of town gossip. Considering he was a lazy middle-aged man who lived off of his hard-working wife, Louise, that wasn’t surprising. She worked as a nurse at a nearby retirement home.
“He took all the money Louise had saved for a new car and ran off with Tiffany Morrison.”
The name was vaguely familiar, yet I couldn’t place it. Shimmer Lake wasn’t exactly a large place; in fact, the whole town was about the size of the neighborhood I grew up in, but since I had only been here for seven years, I didn’t know everyone the way Kathy did. “Remind me who that is?” 
She smoothed the rest of the dye onto my hair and wrapped it all up onto the top of my head before taking the seat across from me at the table. “You know Tiff. She worked over at the salon, washing hair.” When I shook my head, still not remembering, she held her hands out in front of her chest. “You know, the one with the teased hair and big boobs?”
I nodded my head, remembering the girl that had washed my hair last time I went in to get a trim. She’d been wearing a T-shirt with the name of the salon on it, and I couldn’t help notice how the words were stretched over her chest area. “Her? Isn’t she like twenty years old?”
Kathy nodded sharply. “Yep. Now we can add pervert to Old Henry’s list of superb qualities.”
“That’s awful. Poor Louise.”
Kathy stood up, checking the time on the wall clock, and lifted a piece of my hair. Satisfied that the dye was working, she sat back down. “I think she’s better off without him though. He’s been mooching off of her since I was a kid.” She took a sip of the coffee she’d poured earlier. “But the worst part is, she took him back.”
I gaped at her in surprise, my eyes bugging out of my head. “What? Why would she do that?”
“Desperation, stupidity? Who knows? But when her money ran out, he came crawling back, asking for forgiveness. And she gave it to him. They sold their house last week and moved upstate somewhere.”
“Why?” I was mesmerized by her story. If Louise could forgive Henry, then maybe Noah could find it in his heart to forgive all the horrible things I’d done. 
“Everyone in town shunned Henry for what he did. She forgave him, but nobody else could.”
My heart sank. There went my hope of forgiveness.
Kathy stood up. “Time’s up. Let’s see if blondes do have more fun,” she said excitedly.
“I’ve always been blonde, Kathy,” I reminded her, standing up and moving toward the kitchen sink.
“Yes, but not this blonde. I think it’s going to look fantastic.” She turned on the tap and looked at me expectantly.
Reluctantly, I ducked my head under the water.

When she finished washing out the dye, she cut my hair without letting me see. I couldn’t help the nerves that swam inside me. This was the second time I’d changed my appearance in the last three months, and I hated the reminder of that first time.
I was nervous when she finally proclaimed to be done, leading me toward the bathroom mirror.
It was difficult not to gawk at the image before me. Styled in a short shaggy bob that fell to my chin, it was the best hairstyle I’d ever had. She’d curled it some, giving it a fun sassy style. It was light and bouncy. I had the urge to run my fingers through it. 
Kathy had been right about the color as well. Even though I’d always considered myself blonde, the lighter shade really changed my appearance. I didn’t look like the woman I was before or after Nick took me. I looked entirely different. And that was a good thing. I might not know who I’d become, but with this new look, maybe it was a start to finding the new me. I couldn’t help the smile that lifted my lips, or the hug I gave Kathy in appreciation. 

After Kathy left, I spent the day with Mom, Brenda, and the kids, catching up on everything I’d missed. I didn’t see Noah all day and couldn’t help but wonder if he was avoiding me. Even though I was confused to why, I was thankful. I didn’t know how to act around him and I assumed that was the problem with him as well. He didn’t know what to say to me. What did one say after their partner goes through something so monumentally earth-shattering? I wasn’t sure we would ever find our way back to each other. The awkwardness between us was like a living breathing entity, too powerful to penetrate.

As Kathy had, Brenda filled the awkward silence that hovered over me like a storm cloud with her voice. She told me what was happening back in Renwood with Haley and Justin. And just like with Kathy, I was comforted by her easy banter. Listening to how Haley was in the Christmas play at school and that Justin was learning to play the guitar was better than worrying if Nick would show up and ruin everything. When Brenda was talking, I could sit back and listen without a care in the world. It was in the silence that she spoke the loudest. When she paused in her stories and looked at me with pity or curiosity, I knew what she was thinking, what they all were thinking. My family wanted to know all the gory details of the past three months. They wanted to help and in their minds, the only way to do that was for them to know my secrets. But that’s where we disagreed. How could their knowing my horrid secrets help anyone?
It wouldn’t.
I was protecting them from carrying the burden. And I would keep it to myself as long as necessary.
By the end of the day Brenda had run out of stories and the awkward silences became more spread out. My mother was quiet, watching me with concerned eyes. I felt like I was under a microscope and she was waiting for a reaction or an explosion. I was almost thankful when the kids came back over from spending a few hours watching movies at Sylvia’s. Although the noise level grew one hundred percent, it was a relief from the strained silence that had settled in the air. 
After dinner, Sam stopped by and from the look of his face I could tell he had bad news. 
“What’s wrong?” Noah asked, standing up from the sofa to approach his friend. Apparently I wasn’t the only one who caught Sam’s mood.
Sam couldn’t meet my eyes. “Um…We’re putting more men on to guard the house.”
“Why?” Noah asked, his eyes narrowing.
Sam shifted uncomfortably, looking around the room at all the faces.
My mother picked up on his unspoken request and herded all of the kids back over to Sylvia’s. When she sat back down on the recliner she had vacated minutes earlier, she said, “The kids are gone now. What is it?”
Sam took a seat in the only free chair in the room, next to the window, sighing heavily. “There was a sighting of Nick in Mud Valley.”
The room filled with gasps as I worried my lip. Mud Valley was a small village twenty minutes north of Shimmer Lake. 
“Are they sure it was him?” Brenda asked.
Sam turned to face her. “Not completely, but he matched the description. It’s not like we have video footage or anything.”
The room fell silent as each of us processed this new information. I wasn’t sure what the rest of the group was thinking, but for me, it just confirmed my suspicions. Nick wasn’t finished with me. What was the point in settling back into my life here if it could be taken away in an instant? I did want to move on and deal with what happened to me, but I couldn’t do that until Nick was taken care of and there was only one way to do that.
As Sam informed the group about added patrol cars and more coverage of Nick’s face on TV, I was making my own plans. Starting tomorrow, I was going to take back my life whether my family liked it or not.


Chapter Fifteen
Power

My transition from kidnapped victim, to mother and wife at home was as shockingly different as I imagined moving from the North Pole to the surface of the sun would be. My life as a prisoner had left me paranoid, fearful, and unable to trust anyone, even the people I loved, making my recovery so much more difficult.
Our company stayed for a week, only leaving after several conversations with my mother. It hadn’t been easy to convince her that I was fine. I hated that she put her life on hold for me and it was time for her to get back to it. She was head nurse at East End Hospital in Renwood, and I knew she must be missed. She was good at her job. She had nursed me back to health. My ribs still ached a bit if I breathed hard enough, but they were mostly healed. I still kept my arm wrapped in the tensor bandage, but it didn’t hurt like it used to. Even my cuts and bruises were almost gone.
I’d also convinced Debbie not to come, saying I wanted to begin writing again and I’d be too busy for a visit. I’d just finished the first draft of my debut adult novel when I was taken, and explained that I was anxious to get back to it. The truth was, I hadn’t even thought about writing. With my brain tormented over my imprisonment and my body and soul in need of healing, there was no way I could write one word. 
Noah was the only one I couldn’t get rid of. I loved him with every cell in my body, although with his close proximity, it was hard to hide the extent of my suffering. When he reached out to me, my instinct was to pull back, increasing the awkwardness between us. The day after our company left, promising to return at Christmas in a few weeks, I made Hope and Noah breakfast before getting Hope ready for school. Once she was on the bus, I headed to my car. It was time to put my plan to heal in motion. Ever since I’d decided never to be a victim again, I’d been secretly planning on how to accomplish that. 
“Where are you going?” Noah asked, stepping out of his workshop, the wooden door flapping against the door jamb with a thud, scaring the crap out of me. He was bundled in his warm plaid coat, jeans, and work boots, the frigid breeze blowing his hair into his eyes.
“I’m just heading out to run some errands. I won’t be long.”
Noah frowned. “I’m not sure that’s a good idea. They still haven’t found Nick.”
Ever since Sam’s visit last week, I’d been stuck inside the house at my family’s insistence. Like a prisoner, I was going stir crazy again. Only this time, I wasn’t locked up alone. I’d been thrown into the general population. It was noisy and crowded, with absolutely no privacy.
“I’ll be fine.”
His lips pursed as he studied me, obviously unhappy with my decision. “I’ll come with you.” He took a few steps toward me, his work boots scuffing against the paved drive. “I have a light day today.”
Noah’s looks had yet again changed in the week I’d been home. The dark circles around his eyes were gone as was the gaunt look from his face. But the worried crease in his forehead had yet to dissipate.
I bit my lip, unsure of how to handle him. “There is no need for you to come. I won’t be long.”
He sighed heavily in frustration. “Abby. You have only been home for a week. Just humor me.”
“Noah, you have work to do. You can’t be with me twenty-four seven. I have to get back to my life.”
“How can you get back to your life if you haven’t dealt with the past few months?”
That’s what I’m trying to do.
I gazed at him, attempting to think of something I could say to convince him. A car drove by on the road behind us, then another. “I need some space,” I said suddenly, speaking the first thing that came to mind. My words were more clipped than I had intended and by the look on his face I knew I hurt him. I didn’t mean to blurt that out, but at the moment I just wanted to get away. I had a plan and I wanted to get to it. “I won’t be long, I promise.” Taking advantage of his shocked reaction to my words, I darted into my car, turning the key. “I have my cell on me if you need me,” I yelled through the open window as I pulled out of the driveway.
The policemen that were stationed outside of our house rushed out of their cars, gaping at my fleeing vehicle. The one persistent news van that was still loitering along our road thankfully didn’t notice my escape. I grinned, feeling triumphant but dreading my return home. I hated hurting Noah, yet I needed to get out of there.

“Abby?” Sam’s expression at my sudden appearance on his doorstep a few moments later was as stunned as Noah’s had been when I left him in the driveway. “Shouldn’t you be at home? You have guards outside your house for a reason.”
I shrugged. “I had to get out. It was important.”
“If you’re looking for Kathy, she’s at work.”
I stepped inside their home when he moved aside to permit my entrance. Their kitchen was bright and welcoming and this morning smelled of cinnamon. Kathy made the best cinnamon buns. “No, I’m here to see you actually.” 
He was wearing track pants and a ratty T-shirt. There was a coffee mug in his hand, steam floating up above it. “Oh…okay. What can I do for you?”
“You can help me buy a gun.” 
His mouth dropped open. “Why?”
“I want to protect myself in case Nick comes back.”
“That’s what the officers stationed outside your house are for—to keep you safe. And since Nick was spotted twenty minutes from here, that’s where you should be.” He paused, a look of concentration forming over his face. “Does Noah know you’re here?”
“No, and I’d like to keep it that way.”
One of his brows lifted. “I don’t like the idea of lying to my best friend.”
“You’re not lying.”
His concerned expression morphed into a smirk; he wasn’t buying my way of thinking.
“Okay, if he asks if I wanted you to help me get a gun, then you can tell him. But if not, just please keep this to yourself. I don’t want him to worry any more than he already has.”
“He loves you, you know. You shouldn’t shut him out.”
I turned around, gazing outside. A few snowflakes had fluttered to the ground while I’d been in his house, but thankfully it looked like it had stopped. I wasn’t interested in driving around in a snowstorm. “I know, and I love him too.” Turning around once again to face him, I said, “That’s why I need to do this on my own.”
Sam sighed, running a hand through his short brown hair. “Fine, I’ll help you. But you’ll need to learn how to use it.”
I grinned. “I was hoping you’d say that.”

A few hours later, Sam and I were standing in a stall at the shooting range in Martin, both wearing safety glasses and earplugs. Once he helped me get a permit, I became a reluctant owner of a semiautomatic handgun. Before Nick, I was against guns, especially for people with children in the house. After so many horror stories on shootings in the media, I never thought I would ever even touch one. They were just too dangerous. But after Nick, it was a necessary evil to keep my family safe. I would just have to make sure it was locked safely away from Hope’s curious hands.
The shooting range was mostly empty; only one other person was there. The man, who looked to be in his early twenties, stood at the end of the row, shooting his target right in the center every time. When we moved past him, Sam gave him a nod. Later he explained that he was training to be an officer.
“First, you need to get in your stance.” Sam guided me in front of the window, facing the target. “Spread your legs, shoulder-length apart.”
I did as he instructed, holding the gun barrel down to the floor. My heart was pounding with anticipation. I had a lot of pent-up emotion I was hoping to channel into this target practice. I could hear the other guy’s shooting through my ear plugs. Bang, bang, bang. The sound blended with my racing heartbeat.
“Are you right-handed?” Sam asked, looking down at my hands.
A nod was my only answer.
“Okay then, place your left foot back a step and lean forward.” Again I did what he said, my sneaker sliding over the smooth cement floor. “Now lift up the gun, hold the barrel with your left for support, and squeeze the trigger with your right.” My injured arm screamed in protest, but I ignored it. This was too important.
I took a deep breath in and raised the gun, pointing at the target thirty feet away. Closing my left eye, I aimed at the center of the target, imagining Nick’s face as he held me down and forced himself on me. With hate flowing through my veins, I squeezed the trigger…and hit the edge of the paper.
“Not bad for the first shot,” Sam remarked.
I shook off his comment and tried again. This time I hit the outer circle. I was a tiny bit closer to my goal.

After a half hour of shooting, my arm ached and my fingers hurt, yet I felt empowered. I had taken the first step in protecting myself and my family. My shooting had improved slightly. The closest I got to the center was still in the last circle, but it was farther up, the next level to the X that marked the spot I was aiming for. And for my first try, I was quite proud of myself. 
Sam pulled the paper down for me and held it out. “Not bad at all.”
I took the target and folded it up until it would fit in my handbag along with the gun. “Thanks.”
“You want to come again next week? I’m on nights.”
I winced, not wanting to hurt his feelings after everything he had just done for me. “Um…Sam, do you mind if I come alone from now on?”
He studied me a moment before replying. “What’s really going on, Abby?” 
I blinked at him, attempting to keep my features neutral. “Nothing. I just thought it would be better if I did it on my own. It’s kind of therapeutic. I don’t think much when I’m concentrating on the target.”
“Are you sure that’s all it is? You’re not going vigilante on me, are you?”
I choked, feeling nervous all of a sudden. “Of course not.”
He narrowed his eyes at me for a few seconds and then chuckled. “Okay. I understand.” He picked up our protective gear and placed his hand on my elbow. On instinct I flinched at his touch and yanked my arm away. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking.”
I avoided his eyes, feeling embarrassed by my behavior. “It’s fine,” I mumbled, walking away from him.
Outside, we parted ways. He’d only allowed me to drive on my own because I told him I needed to stop at the grocery store. He agreed as long as I promised to go right there and then home. I was lying. I had another stop in mind.

The lot at the dojang was empty. I almost left, thinking it was closed, until I saw movement through the glass windows. Gathering my courage, I climbed out of the car and went inside. 
The oversize structure was a warehouse-style building. The floor was lined with blue mats while the back wall held a floor to ceiling mirror. What looked like a punching bag hung from the ceiling in the corner, and another odd-looking piece of equipment took up the opposite side of the room.
A mountain of a man wearing a white martial arts uniform was standing in front of the picture window looking out, his back facing me. He was the only one in the expansive room.
“What do you want?” he called out without moving. His deep voice had a bite to it.
His irritated tone and the fact that he had yet to turn around caught me off guard. “Um…” I began hesitantly, taking a few steps forward. My footsteps echoed through the room. “I was hoping to sign up for lessons.” 
“For what purpose?” he asked the window.
Unsure of how to answer, I lied. “To work out.”
He spun around, his dark eyes narrowed at me. “You want a workout? Then take jazzercise.” His chiseled face was lined with both age and sun. He looked to be in his fifties, his black hair cropped short, the edges colored with gray. He was Asian, but since he didn’t have an accent, I assumed he was American. “But if you want revenge on the person who hurt you, I will train you myself.”
I blinked, once again taken off guard by this man. “I…wasn’t hurt by anyone.”
He rolled his eyes, taking slow steps toward me. “I’m not a fool. I can see the fear in your eyes; hear it in your voice. No one has a right to put that there and I will help you feel safe.”
For some reason, I felt like crying. I just met the man and he seemed to see right through the mask I tried so hard to secure. When I remained silent, he stepped closer until he was just a few feet away. “He made you feel weak, wounded your soul.”
“H…how did you know that?”
He smiled kindly, his face taking on an altogether different expression. “My only sister was raped when I was young. I have seen that look many times before. I have also trained other women who have been harmed in some way. Some were raped or attacked, some were abused by their husbands. They all wanted what you want.”
Curious, I asked, “And what’s that?”
“Your power back.”
My eyes filled, though I wouldn’t allow them to spill over. I cleared my throat, hoping to stop myself from crying. “Did you help your sister get her power back?”
He seemed to wince at my words, his eyes turning sad. “No, she killed herself long before I opened this dojang.”
“I’m so sorry,” I stammered, feeling guilty for bringing it up.
He shook his head. “Don’t be. It was a long time ago. But I made it my mission to help any woman who came in here looking for it.”
“Unless they’re here to work out.”
“Exactly.” His eyes brightened as he chuckled. “Do you want my help, Abby?”
My mouth dropped open. “How do you know my name?”
“I saw you on the news. Since you live near here, I was hoping you would come by.”
A lump formed in my throat. This man didn’t know me, or any of the women he trained, yet he chose to help us to prevent us from choosing his sister’s fate. In that moment, I knew I was meant to come here. “Yes, I want your help.”
He held out his hand. “Good. My name is Kwan. Welcome to my dojang.”
Reluctant to touch any man, let alone one I barely knew, I hesitated.
He must have understood my hesitation, because he pulled his hand back and bowed instead.
I smiled thankfully at him and bowed in return.




Chapter Sixteen
Fighting Back

“Where were you?” Noah demanded when I stepped inside the door just before Hope’s bus arrived. “I called you three times and you didn’t answer me once. I was worried sick.” 
Instinctively, I shrank back from the harsh tone of his voice, Nick’s twisted expression and hateful eyes flashing in my mind. I cowered in the corner of the room, my own eyes squeezed tightly closed, hoping to push away the image.
Noah fell silent. I could smell his scent and hear him move forward, crouching in front of me. Suddenly feeling embarrassed, I opened my eyes. Remorse clouded his expression. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking. I was so worried about you. I…I thought he found you and took you away from me again.” He reached out to touch my cheek, then stopped, his hand freezing mid-air. He frowned before pulling his hand back. “I—” He stood up, cutting his words off. Spinning around, he ran his hands over his face in frustration, his rough skin scraping against his day’s worth of stubble. After a few moments, he faced me again. “I don’t know how to act around you. I want to help you but you won’t let me. Tell me what to do.” His eyes bored into me, his expression pleading. “How can I help you?”
I could feel his frustration; it was a dark cloud that hovered around us. I regretted that I was the reason behind the emotion. I was working on changing that, but it would take some time. For now, I just needed space from him; however, after this morning, I couldn’t express my thoughts. I didn’t want to hurt him again. “I don’t know,” I whispered. It was the truth. I didn’t know how he could help me. My plan was to help myself. 
Before either of us could say more, we heard the squeak of the bus’s brakes as it stopped out in front of the house. Since Hope was home, the conversation was over. As I picked myself up off of the cold tiles to go meet our daughter, I murmured, “I’m sorry I worried you. I’ll make sure I answer my cell next time.”

The rest of the evening was strained between Noah and me. With three months apart, not to mention the reason for the separation, we weren’t sure how to be around one another anymore. We couldn’t go back to the way it was before; we both had changed. We would have to learn, though. Hopefully that would happen over time. For now, we’d have to attempt to keep the awkwardness to a minimum. Although that was easier said than done. 
After a goodnight story with Hope, I allowed myself a long hot soak in the tub. I was hoping Noah would be sleeping by the time I got out and I wouldn’t have to pretend to sleep next to him. Ever since I escaped, sleep had eluded me. Each time I closed my eyes, Nick’s dark ones were waiting to torture me. Three nights ago, I’d had enough of tossing and turning and wandered out into the kitchen. I found myself drawn to the front door, staring out the tiny window wondering if Nick was out there waiting for the police guard to take a break so he could make his move. I’d stayed for hours watching, making sure he couldn’t get to my family. I planned to go back to the door tonight and act as sentry as I had every night since.
Our bedroom was only lit from the lamp on my side of the bed. Thankfully, Noah was snoring when I slipped into my flannel pajamas. They were a gift from my mother for Christmas on one particularly cold winter. I’d never worn them though, since I found the material too hot. But now, after Nick had his way with me time and again, I was obsessed with covering up my body. I’d wear a snowsuit to bed if I could. 
Looking for comfort in my spot at the front door, I dragged Noah’s recliner a few feet closer and sat down, pulling out my day’s purchase. Now that I was armed and able to protect my family, it was best to put the gun to use. I laid it on the arm of the chair in case I’d need it in a hurry. If Nick showed up, he wouldn’t be giving me time to prepare.
With my new handgun, I felt safe for the first time in months. 
It was raining outside the tiny window, droplets of water dancing across the glass. I smiled to myself. It was the middle of December, and it was warm enough to rain. Hopefully it wouldn’t be as cold as last year. It’d been a year of record temperatures. Some days it was so cold waiting for the bus with Hope, the hair in our nostrils froze. At that thought, I wished I could go back to that time, knowing what I knew today. I’d stop Nick from ever getting out of jail and ruining my perfect life and family. If I could do that, I wouldn’t be staying up all hours of the night guarding our front door in hopes to protect my family. I’d be in bed snuggled with the man I loved.
So far Noah hadn’t discovered my nighttime activity. I snuck out after he fell asleep and back in before he woke up. Guilt nibbled my conscience at my deception… until I remembered all of the threats Nick had voiced during my time with him. I pushed those thoughts away. I had brought the evil man into Noah’s life and I was determined to get him out of it.

I must have fallen asleep because I woke with a jerk, sure I had heard something outside. I jumped up, knocking the gun off of the chair. The sound of the metal clattering to the floor echoed loudly in the quiet, dark house. I cringed at the sound, hoping I didn’t wake anyone. 
“Mommy?”
Startled, I turned quickly away from Hope and slipped the gun into the side of the chair. “Hope?” I gasped. “What are you doing up?” 
Her bright eyes snapped with curiosity as she gazed at the spot where I’d hidden the gun. Despite my quick movements, she had seen it. Damn. “I was thirsty. What was that?” She pointed her tiny finger at the chair.
I hurried toward her, reaching for her shoulder, ignoring her query. “Come on, honey, let’s get you to bed.”
“Why are you sitting by the door?” she whispered as we moved through the soundless, dimly lit house.
My mind drew a blank. Instead of answering, I guided her into the room and to her bed. “Never mind that, you need to get some sleep.”
“Are you going to leave us again?” Her voice was a soft whisper as she climbed under the covers.
“Why would you ask me that?”
“Because I see you sitting close to the door at night, like you can’t wait to leave again. Don’t you want to be home with us?”
A chasm so big it could rival the Grand Canyon tore through my heart. “Of course I want to be here with you and Daddy.” I bent down to kiss her soft cheek. “I just have to adjust is all. I’ve been gone a long time.”
I could tell she didn’t comprehend my answer. A confused lined creased between her brows as if she was concentrating extra hard in order to understand me. But instead of more questions like I expected to spill from her lips she said, “Okay,” and then yawned.
I gave her another kiss. “I love you to pieces,” I whispered.
As I slipped through the door, I heard her soft voice answer back, “And I hope you never die.” They were the words my mother and I used each night when she put me to bed as a child. I had made them into a book when I first began writing. I used to read it to Hope at night when she was younger.
Hope’s sweet answer brought a smile to my face, but as her response played through my mind again, there was new meaning to it. Hopefully if my plan to rid our lives of Nick worked, I would never die. Not for a while anyway.

“One mowr book, Mommy.” Hope’s sweet voice was way too alert for my taste. I had a chapter due to my editor tomorrow and I had yet to start it. Since her birth three years before, I’d taken to writing at night after she fell asleep. She was a good sleeper so it wasn’t usually a problem, but tonight it was after ten and she still wouldn’t close her eyes.
I almost groaned at the sound of her request. I was happy she loved books so much, though now was not the time. “Hope, I’ve already read three. It’s late, you have to go to sleep.”
She sat up in her new toddler bed, leaning on the railing. Her big blue eyes pleaded with me. “Pwease, Mommy, just one more. I pwomise, I go to sweep.”
With an overexaggerated sigh, I gave in. “What do you want to hear?”
“I Wove You To Pieces.”
I wasn’t surprised at her request; since I’d first read it to her she wanted to read it daily. I was flattered, of course, yet even I was starting to tire of it.
I opened the cover and began to read. After each page, I stole a glimpse of her, hoping to catch her lids drifting closed. Unfortunately, she was still wide awake, even when I closed the last page.
I lay down next to her after placing the book on the nightstand. “It’s time to sleep now, baby.”
“Okay,” she answered in a near-sleepy voice.
I closed my eyes, too tired to get up and head to my office. I felt sleep begin to settle over me and knew if I allowed it to take over, my muscles would scream at me in the morning. Hope’s new toddler bed was not built for grown-ups.
“Is that book weally about you and Nana?” Hope asked, her voice as alert as it was when she asked for the book.
“Yes.”
“Is that why you always say to me, ‘I wove you to pieces’?”
I sighed again, feeling the urge to call Noah in to rescue me. He’d been engaged in a basketball game on TV when I attempted to put our daughter to bed over an hour ago. I wouldn’t be surprised if he was sleeping on his favorite recliner now.
“Yes. I say that because my mommy said it to me.”
“And you said, ‘I hope you never die’ to her, wight?”
“Yes. Hope, you know this. I’ve told you this story so many times.” I sat up, suddenly on to her game. “Are you stalling because you don’t want to go to bed?”
“No,” she replied, a smile tugging at her lips.
I stood up, finally giving up. “I think you are, and that’s bad.” I leaned over her. “Do you know what happens to bad little girls that won’t go to sleep?”
She giggled in anticipation. “The tickle monster comes?” Her voice was so high-pitched I was surprised the neighborhood dogs weren’t at our door.
“That’s right,” I said before starting my tickling assault.
When I finished and her laughter calmed, she whispered, “I wove you, Mommy.”
I kissed her cheek. “I love you too.”
I slipped out into the hall, hoping she would finally go to sleep on her own.

I woke with a start, my neck cramped from sleeping in the chair. All was quiet, and a quick survey out the window told me there was no sign of the monster, not that I could see at least. The sun was just starting to peek through the clouds, which meant it was time to sneak back to bed. With that little nap I managed, I might have slept an hour the whole night. I moved my chair to its previous spot in the living room before hurrying to my room.
Noah’s soft breathing comforted me. It was a sound I missed while I was gone. The bed dipped as I crawled in, pulled the comforter over my shoulders, and closed my eyes.
The alarm went off. 
“Ugh…” Noah grumbled in his sleep. His face was buried deep in the pillow; he didn’t move. The alarm continued to screech. 
Not wanting to wake Hope, who didn’t need to get up for another hour, I decided to turn it off myself.
One moment I was leaning over him, reaching for the clock, the next I was pinned to his body, his arms wrapped tightly around my waist, his lips nuzzling my neck. Instead of the heat that used to bloom in my stomach when he did this in the past—I panicked.
Pushing him away with a whimper, I scurried out of bed and into the corner or the room. As soon as my mind cleared, I looked over at him. His face was frozen with horror. Regret flooded my body when I saw the pain in his eyes. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, looking down at my feet. 
He shook his head. “No. I am. I wasn’t thinking.” He ran a hand raggedly over his face, a gesture he’d been doing a lot lately. “I was half asleep and you were right above me and…” He trailed off. It was something he’d done almost daily before I was taken, yet back then it usually led to a very different outcome. 
I cleared my throat, nervously picking at the paint on my fingernails. A few days after I returned home, Hope decided I needed a makeover. She teased my newly cut hair and painted my nails a rainbow color. Since I had lost so much time with her, I didn’t have the heart to say no. Thankfully my dislike of touching didn’t apply to her. 
“Um…I guess I’ll go hop in the shower now.” Noah’s voice was dripping with uncertainty. The awkwardness between us was expanding, filling the space between us. I felt like a stranger in my own home and the only way I saw to fix it was to defeat my demons. I had to get my power back and the only way to do that was to go back to Martin. 
I nodded. “Okay.” I bit my lip as I watched him go. I hoped it would get easier between us. It had only been a week, so with time hopefully it would. “I have some errands to run again in the city after Hope leaves for school.”
He opened his mouth to protest, then quickly closed it before nodding sadly and disappearing out the door.
While he was in the shower, I got dressed and did my hair. Bathing and shampooing at night had become my norm in the last few days, allowing Noah the bathroom in the morning. It gave me the time alone that I craved.
He didn’t say much as we rushed around getting breakfast and preparing our daughter for school. When he grabbed a mug of coffee and headed off to his shop to work, all I got was a small wave over his shoulder. I was creating a crack in our once happy, solid marriage. Knowing I was to blame didn’t stop the pang of hurt that tore at my heart.
After Hope was safely loaded onto the bus, I glanced longingly at the old barn that held Noah’s shop and wished I could go in there and make things right. But at that moment, I didn’t know how.
Instead, I climbed in my car and headed to the city.

Like yesterday morning, the shooting range was quiet. Considering the fact that it was a weekday and most people were working, it was understandable. I hadn’t even thought of returning to my writing. With the state of my mind right now, I was lucky I could write my own name. 
Without Sam’s guidance, my shooting was worse, if that was possible. However, I had determination on my side and I wasn’t about to give up. By the end of the hour, I actually hit the middle of the target. It was still in the farthest column, but it was the center nonetheless.
“Not bad.”
I jumped at the sound of a sudden deep voice next to me. I didn’t recognize the man and I was immediately wary. 
I frowned at him. He was not very tall, maybe five foot eight, and besides his shoulder-length wavy hair, was very plain looking. I didn’t like the way he was leering at me. “Thanks,” I muttered, turning away from him, back to my target, hoping that my non-interest would deter any further conversation.
“My name is Ed.”
I ignored him, fighting the urge to try out one of the basic kicks Master Kwan had taught me yesterday on him.
“You’re new here.” He stated the obvious, like I didn’t already know that. Again, I ignored him, taking my shots at the target, bang, bang, bang. “What’s your name?”
I pressed my lips together and closed my eyes, fighting my anger and fear. Turning toward him, I pulled down my headphones. “I don’t mean to be rude, but I don’t have a lot of time, and I’d like some privacy.”
He held up his hands in surrender. “Sorry, just trying to be friendly.” I didn’t hear what else he said before I replaced the headphones and returned to my shooting.
Ten minutes later, I decided to call it a day. My tae kwon do lessons were in a half hour, and I wanted to stop for coffee on the way. 
The warmer air had cooled overnight, the rain turning into a flurry or two falling from the sky. The weather report this morning didn’t say anything about snow and I hoped it wouldn’t amount to anything more. If I had a choice between the rain from yesterday or snow, I’d pick the rain.
As I made my way through the parking lot, I heard footsteps behind me. A chill ran down my spine. Nick! I was sure it was him. There was no doubt in my mind that he would come for me. I was just surprised it had taken this long. I spun around, ready to pull out my gun, only it wasn’t necessary. The space around me was empty; there was no one there. Just that guy Ed walking to his car. Feeling foolish, I went to my own. My heart was racing as I turned the ignition and drove away.

With plenty of caffeine flowing through my body, I was amped up for my lesson. 
Master Kwan didn’t hold back while he set out to teach me the basics of tae kwon do. He explained that before we went into the main exercises, he first wanted to show me some self-defense moves. He stressed that the first few lessons would be steps in returning my power to me and I really appreciated his concern. It was noticeable in his eyes when he would get annoyed with me if I did a move wrong. “No, Abby, you can’t fight him off that way.” His voice was always calm but a hint of frustration rang through his words. He wanted to save me, since he couldn’t save his sister.
After a grueling two hours of training, I took a long drink of my bottled water.
“You’re not sleeping.” Kwan stated his observation as he approached from behind.
I lowered my bottle. “I’m fine.” 
He stepped around me, meeting my gaze. “No, you’re not. Protecting yourself is one thing, but you have to take care of yourself in other ways as well.” He took off the gloves he had been wearing when we were sparring. “You need to sleep.”
I pushed out a deep breath, beads of sweat trickling down my face. “I can’t. Every time I close my eyes, I think of him.”
He frowned. “Then he still has control over you. Until you force him out of your mind, he will rule you.” With that he walked away, slipping into his office.
I watched him for a moment before gathering my things and starting for home. It was time to push him out.
I needed a nap.

Chapter Seventeen
Movie Night

Christmas came and went with visits from both of our families. We all tried to be cheerful and happy but with Nick still on the loose, there was a dark cloud hovering over the festivities.
Over the next few months, I became obsessed with both target practice and my tae kwon do lessons. Since the police guard was long gone, leaving only a daily patrol to check on us, I was the only one left protecting my family. Life went on around me, though I barely acknowledged it. 
I spent time with Hope after school, helping her with her homework and then later, tucking her into bed. When the house was quiet and the ones I loved were fast asleep, I guarded my family at night. A month after I returned, Noah found out what I was doing; however, he didn’t bother trying to stop me. We only spoke when necessary. With each day that passed, we were drifting further apart; I knew that. I was also aware that it was entirely my fault. He wanted to help me, like the hero he was, but I had shut him out. I needed to be the hero this time. I was tired of putting my family in danger and it was up to me to make them safe. It wasn’t lost on me that the fact that I was trying to make things better on my own was actually tearing us apart. I knew that, yet I couldn’t stop myself. So the night he saw me sitting by the door staring out the window, he simply shook his head and wandered back to bed. He never mentioned it to me. 

The week before Valentine’s Day, I returned home from tae kwon do lessons to find three women sitting at the kitchen table. They were all dressed in onesie pajamas with each of their hair in pigtails. I couldn’t help but grin at the sight. The action felt foreign on my lips.
“What are you guys doing here?” 
Debbie stood up and rushed toward me, embracing me in a tight-gripped bear hug, the familiar scent of her ginger perfume entering my senses. It was the first time we’d seen each other since I’d been home. I hadn’t allowed her to visit each time she asked. 
I looked over her shoulder and gazed at my sister, Debbie’s curly auburn hair obstructing my vision.
Brenda smiled at Debbie, who was still hugging me. “We’re all tired of you blowing off our attempts to cheer you up, so we decided to stop asking. We’re here for a sleepover. I brought Mom’s caramel popcorn and The Wizard of Oz.”
I should have known her intention as soon as I saw their attire and hair styles. As long as I could remember, once every year when The Wizard of Oz was on TV, my sister and I would watch it. We’d get dressed in our favorite footie pajamas and put our hair in pigtails while our mother prepared her famous caramel popcorn. It was a ritual we continued until we both moved out for college. I missed it.
My instinct was to make an excuse as to why I couldn’t join them on their night of fun: I had more planning to do; I should go for a run—continue my training. All those arguments died on my lips when I peered at my loved ones and saw their expressions. They were filled with concern and love. They needed to help me and just like Noah, I had shut them out. Since they were in my house—two of them five hours away from home—I had no choice but to agree to their unwelcome ideas. 
“What about Noah and Hope?” I asked, prying Debbie’s freakishly strong arms from my body.
“Noah picked Hope up from school so they can have a sleepover at Kathy’s house with Sam and the boys tonight,” Debbie explained.
I narrowed my eyes at Kathy, imagining her and Noah scheming behind my back. “Why wasn’t I informed?” 
She shrugged her shoulders dismissively. “Because you would have said no.”
She was right, I would have. “Fine, let’s get on with it.”
Each woman in front of me cheered happily before scrambling into motion, ordering pizza and pulling out snacks and handing me my own onesie to put on. With my new short hair my pigtails weren’t as long as the rest of the group’s, but that was fine, since I loved my new style.
I sat down on a chair and watched them interact with each other, laughing and joking. I envied their ease, their lack of burden. Mine was in my every thought, my every move. The burden to protect both my family and myself against my tormentor weighed so heavily on me, it felt like my soul was filled with lead, and if I wasn’t careful, I’d sink down so far, I’d eventually end up in the earth’s core. 

No one but my sister noticed that I ate like a bird. I saw her watching me as I picked at the smallest slice of pizza in the box and later when she brought out the caramel popcorn my mom had made for us. I avoided her eyes, not interested in a confrontation. I didn’t want a lecture. I knew I should eat more, I just couldn’t. Food turned to acid in my stomach. It didn’t matter what it was that I tried; I could barely keep it down. The constant worry and fear over Nick was stressing me out. When I was stressed, I couldn’t eat. I had lost weight, but thankfully with all the working out I’d been doing with Kwan, I’d put on some muscle, disguising the weight loss. 
After dinner, Brenda and Debbie offered to clean up, leaving me alone in the living room with Kathy. 
With each of us holding a mug of coffee, we sat in silence for a few moments sipping our flavored drinks. When Kathy frowned, a line creasing between her eyes, I knew the fun and easy atmosphere of the evening so far was over. I could guess what she was about to say. “What’s going on with you?” she began as I took a long drink of my vanilla latte. “You won’t talk to me, or Debbie, or even your sister.”
“What do you mean?” I asked, playing dumb, not interested in hashing out my life at that moment. “You’re here now, aren’t you?”
She scowled at me, crossing her arms in front of her, her hot pink nails poking out from the edge of her elbow. “That doesn’t count. We forced ourselves on you.”
I shrugged, choosing to take another sip of coffee instead of answering. 
“And as far as I can tell your own husband has been shut out.”
I suppressed the flash of anger that spiked through me, knowing that she was only trying to help. “Kathy, I know you mean well, but I need some time to deal with this on my own. I love all of you for caring about me, but I honestly can’t deal with making other people feel better right now.”
She blinked her bright green eyes at me. “What do you mean, ‘making other people feel better’?”
I sighed, leaning back against the cushion. “It’s been two months since I’ve been back and in that time I’ve dealt with my trauma on my own, against everyone else’s advice. You guys want me to be better, to be the way I was before I was taken. I’m sorry, but that’s just not possible. It’s going to take more than a few months for me to put this behind me.”
She stretched her hand out to pat mine. I wanted to pull back, yet I didn’t. Being touched by women was getting easier with time. “We want you to be happy.” She paused, pressing her lips together tightly, looking away from me to the kitchen where Debbie had just broken out in song. She was singing along to the radio, oblivious to our conversation. Kathy smiled sadly, turning her attention back to me. “And that won’t happen if you don’t talk to us.”
I frowned, getting tired of being told that I needed to talk about it. I lived it, I knew what happened, and rehashing it over and over again wasn’t going to help. “Why does everyone need to know what I went through?”
“Because if you don’t open up about it, you aren’t dealing with it.” 
I understood what she was saying. If I kept my emotions bottled up, I could have an emotional breakdown. I watched Dr. Phil, I understood the risk. But I wasn’t bottling it up. Every time I shot the gun and got closer to that target, and every time I kicked and hit the punching bag, learning how to defend myself, I was one step closer to dealing with it. It’s how I worked through the pain of the memories that wouldn’t leave my brain. But I couldn’t tell them that, because my training also served another purpose, one that I didn’t want my loved ones involved with. I was going to slay my demons on my own and then everything would go back to normal. At least I hoped it would.
I could hear my sister join in on Debbie’s song; her tone-deaf singing had me fighting a smile. The antics in the kitchen were a complete contrast to the heavy conversation going on in the living room. I’d rather have been in the kitchen.
Taking another sip of my coffee, the hot liquid flowing down my throat, soothing my insides, I finally answered. “I am dealing with what happened to me. I swear I am.” My brown eyes met her green ones. “I just have to do it alone. I promise, everything will be back to normal soon.”
I hope.
She took a deep breath, watching me closely. “Are you sure?” she asked.
I nodded solemnly, hoping she would finally give up so Debbie and Brenda wouldn’t come in and join in on the lecture. I couldn’t handle it if they all ganged up on me. I might be forced to leave, or worse—kick them out.
She smiled, her lip turning up higher on one side. “Okay, I believe you. Can you try to talk to Noah more? He misses you so much.”
My eyes glassed over. I fought the urge to blink so they would dry up. “I’ll try.” The truth was, I didn’t know how to give Noah what he wanted. 
Thankfully Debbie and Brenda joined us and the subject was closed.
Even though the night was forced on me and I should have been focusing on my training, I ended up having fun and was almost disappointed when my sister and two best friends left the next morning. 
Noah and Hope returned soon after, and things went back to normal—the new normal, that is. Noah made an excuse to slip out to his workshop while I did a workout. On the weekends, I didn’t go to Martin, choosing to spend that time with Hope. But since Kwan had said I should train seven days a week, I’d shove a DVD in for Hope to watch while I practiced the moves I’d learned at tae kwon do in my cramped bedroom. 

“How come Daddy said you were a bad cook when you met him?” Hope asked me as I placed a stuffed ravioli into the boiling water.
After my training this afternoon, I wanted to do something fun with my daughter. It had been a while, and after my night with Brenda and my friends, I decided to live a little. 
Hope’s question brought back memories of burned meals and constant takeout. It was true, I was a terrible cook, but once Hope was born that all changed. Noah had protested, telling me he really didn’t mind being the chef in the family, but I wouldn’t hear of it. I was now a mother, and I felt it was my duty to learn to cook. So I did. After I learned the basic recipes for a variety of healthy meals, I started to venture out to more difficult meals, ones that took much more preparation time than say, shake and bake chicken—my usual go-to meal.
When I was little, my grandma Josephine, who was of Polish descent, used to make homemade pierogies and one night when Hope was three, I attempted to make them myself. Let’s just say Noah ended up ordering pizza, but three tries later, I perfected it. I still made them on occasion. Hope loved to help. She loved stuffed food. The process of putting a certain food item into another was a real treat to her. Her favorite, though, was the one time we made ham and spinach cannelloni. It was a really long process to stuff each noodle, but it meant extra time for us to spend together, and I couldn’t help but find more dishes for her to help me with.
Tonight was our first attempt at making ravioli; I was hoping it would make up for how distant I’d been lately. Hope was grinning ear to ear as she stuffed the cheese into the scratch-made noodle. 
I was keeping an eye on her and the noodles I had just placed in the pot. “Because I was,” I answered simply. “Back then, I was so lost in my books that when I tried to cook, I would forget about what I was doing and burn the food.”
She took a minute to ponder my explanation, her tiny forehead crinkling in concentration. “But how come you’re so good at it now? What happened?”
I smiled, feeling lighter than I had in months. First, my fun night with my friends, and now spending time with my daughter, I realized it was a relief to focus on something other than my plot for revenge. “You.”
Her only response was a bright grin. She was too busy to talk, stuffing the noodles.
Wiping my hands, taking a break before starting on another noodle, I moved to the stove. “Hope, do you want to stir the sauce or should I?” I asked. 
She didn’t answer.
I spun around, looking for her at the counter where she’d been only a second before, and gasped. She had moved to the table where I had left my purse yesterday, surprised to find my house filled with women. “Hope, put that back, now.” My voice was a command, yet she didn’t seem to hear me. She was staring down at the shiny silver gun in her hand.
I rushed toward her, pulling it from her grasp. It wasn’t loaded, of course, but that didn’t mean I wanted her to see it. It was careless of me not to hide it when I got home from Martin yesterday. How could I be so stupid? 
I rushed to my room and quickly shoved it back into my usual hiding place deep within the closet.
When I returned, she was still standing next to the table, a piece of gum from my purse in her hand. “Why do you have a gun?” she asked, her expression filled with curiosity.
“How do you know what it’s called?”
She rolled her eyes. “Mom, I’m six. I’m not dumb. I see guns in movies and TV all the time.”
Note to self, limit her TV watching. 
She stared at me, waiting for me to answer her question. When I hesitated, moving back to the stove to check on the sauce, she followed me.
“So why do you have it?” she asked again.
The red sauce in the pot simmered slowly, the occasional bubble popping through the surface. “It’s to protect people from bad men,” I answered vaguely.
She was quiet for a moment, picking up a ball of dough and rolling it onto the counter. “Daddy said a bad man took you. Can the gun protect you from him?” She looked up into my eyes, her expression filled with concern.
Unsure of what else to say, I simply stated, “I hope so.”
“Good,” she said, nodding, the troublesome expression sliding from her face. She turned back to the dough, spooning some cheese into it.
The front door swung open, pushing all thoughts of guns from my mind.
“What’s going on?” Noah asked in confusion when he saw us elbow deep in dough and cheese.
I couldn’t help the twinge of guilt that leapt at the memory of Hope holding my gun. I would never tell Noah what happened, adding that to the list of secrets I was keeping from him. I hated that Hope had seen it though, and wished again that I’d hidden it when I returned home yesterday. 
“We’re making ravioli,” I explained, confused by his reaction. He couldn’t have known what just happened. Hope seemed to have forgotten it with my explanation and was once again focused on stuffing ravioli.
His expression was hard as stone. “What’s the occasion?”
I shrugged. “There is none.” I tried to keep the defensiveness out of my voice. I’d never had to explain myself before.
He pressed his lips together tightly as he headed to our bedroom to change. I watched him go. Why was he acting this way? Shouldn’t he be happy that I was finally making an effort?
“Mommy, how does this look?” Hope asked, clearly proud of her lopsided noodle.
“It’s perfect,” I answered, looking away from our bedroom door where I could hear muffled sounds of Noah taking his work clothes off. Soon he would slip out of the bedroom to take a shower. It was his daily routine.
Sure enough, a few moments later, the door opened and he headed quietly into the washroom wearing the blue and red bath robe I bought him last year at Christmas. I pulled my attention away from the man I yearned for, yet couldn’t open up to, to my daughter, whose pride was shining like the midday sun.
“Here, let’s take these out and you can drop the ones you did into the water.” Placing the finished cheese-stuffed pasta into a large bowl, I piled Hope’s noodles onto the wide spoon and together we plopped them into the boiling water. She giggled as she watched the contents dance inside the bubbly liquid. With only a small amount of dough left, I quickly finished the rest of the ravioli and dropped it into the pot with Hope’s.
Once they were done, I spooned the sauce that I had made earlier onto the noodles and set the table. Hope was grinning as she took her seat, excited to sample our new creation. 
“Daddy!” She shouted so loudly from her chair, the neighbors at the end of our street must have heard her. 
Noah had finished his shower and was once again in our room getting dressed. Just as Hope opened her mouth to yell again, he appeared wearing a T-shirt and sweat pants. 
“Is dinner ready?” he asked with a smile that was directed at our daughter.
“Yup.” Her answer was muffled, her mouth filled with noodle.
After he took a bite, he made the appropriate yummy sounds. “Did you make these?” he asked her. She nodded. “Good, it’s about time you earned your keep around here.” He winked as Hope giggled, probably not understanding his joke, yet laughing anyway.
His jovial mood toward our daughter while he had barely acknowledged my existence shouldn’t have made me envious, yet it did. 
After the dishes were done and put away, Noah spent some time with Hope before she had her bath. I took this time to mull over the progress I’d made so far. I was getting better at the shooting range and my tae kwon do lessons were starting to pay off. I had sparred with another of Kwan’s students and had taken him down in minutes. Afterward, Kwan told me I was almost ready. Ready for what I had no idea. He had no way of knowing what I’d planned; however, when I asked him what he meant, he simply quirked a brow and walked away. 
“What are you doing?” Noah asked, making me jump. 
I hadn’t heard him approach. I was in my office that doubled as a spare bedroom looking over maps for places that Nick might be hiding. “Um…” I glanced down at the papers sprawled over my desk and covered them with an empty folder. “I was researching a new book.” It was upsetting how easy the lying came to me. Before this, I hated liars, now I had become one.
“I meant, what are you doing with our daughter?”
I was speechless, mainly because I didn’t understand the question.
He breathed out a frustrated sigh like he was dealing with an untrained animal or trying to explain quantum physics to a child or—well—me for that matter. “Why are you paying attention to her now?”
I frowned. “Because she’s my daughter and I love her.”
He pressed his lips tighter, his dimples making an appearance. “Did you love her for the past two and a half months when you barely noticed she was here?”
I winced. His harsh words felt like he had physically wounded me. I was sure they had left a mark. 
“That’s not fair. I spend time with her every day.”
“Oh, that’s right; it’s me you’re ignoring.”
I blinked, hoping the tears that were welling in my eyes wouldn’t fall. “Noah,” I began. My voice was a harsh whisper.
He cut me off before I could continue. “You might do homework with her every night and cook her meals, but you haven’t been present. Your body is here, but that’s all.” When his voice started to rise, he took a quick glance at Hope’s bedroom door, making sure it was still closed. “You’re like a walking zombie. You’re so obsessed with whatever the hell you do on your errands every day that you have nothing left when you get home. But that’s fine, I know you’ve been through a lot, so I don’t say anything…Until I come home to see you bonding with our daughter.”
My throat burned with the threat of unshed tears. “Isn’t that a good thing?” I asked softly.
He took a step closer. I could smell the scent of wood he carried around with him even when he wasn’t working. “It would be if I believed it was permanent. If it’s not, then you’re just getting her hopes up only to be disappointed when you pull away from her again.”
I couldn’t argue with anything he was saying. I had been a shell of who I once was and I knew they both deserved better. I simply wasn’t ready yet. I nodded my head, not sure what I was agreeing to. “I’ll try harder,” I answered after moments of awkward silence. 
“Harder implies that you were already making an effort, which we both know you weren’t. So I won’t hold my breath.” He stepped out of the room toward the fridge and yanked it open, taking a beer from inside.
I tried not to compare his outburst to Nick. There was a difference between the two. Noah didn’t yell, he kept his voice low and even…and he was right. The fact that he was justified didn’t help my shock at his words though.
I sat with my mouth hanging open as I watched him twist off the top and take a swig. “How can you speak to me this way?” I asked, dumbfounded, getting up from my seat and following him. 
He took a shaky breath and ran his free hand over his blond hair, the long strands sticking up around his fingers. “I’m sorry. It’s just that you’ve been so distant and it’s not just affecting me, it’s hurting Hope. I don’t understand how you don’t see it.” He paused, dropping his hands to his side. “She hops around here trying to get your attention day after day, and you just ignore her. I never said anything because I didn’t want to add to your trauma.” He laughed softly, no humor to the sound at all. “I am here and have been here since you got home, waiting on pins and needles to help you process what you went through. I will do anything to help you, but you don’t want it. You shut down and it’s killing us.”
“What do you mean?”
He shook his head, remorse evident in his vivid blue eyes. “I want you to talk to me. You can’t keep ignoring what you went through. You have to deal with this.”
I was so tired of hearing those words. Closing my eyes and twisting my fingers in my lap, I pushed back the memories that threatened to appear. I couldn’t tell him what Nick did to me…what he did to our unborn child. My heart broke apart into thousands of tiny pieces as those thoughts entered my brain. I wanted to curl up into a ball and cry, and that was just from thinking about it. Voicing the memories out loud would be so much worse. I couldn’t do it. Noah could never know what I went through. It was my burden to bear, not his.
“You don’t know what I went through.”
“Because you won’t tell me.”
“There’s nothing to tell.” My voice was barely there, a soft ragged whisper, pieces of my heart still broken. We both knew I was lying.
“I don’t believe that.”
I knew that if I didn’t end the conversation now, it would head where I wasn’t ready for it to go. The urge to scream that I was handling it was so severe I had to press my lips together to keep the words from spilling out. Because if I said those words, he’d want to know how I was dealing with it, and I couldn’t go there either. “That’s not my problem,” I spit out instead, before rushing out the front door.
All I could think to do was drive. There was nowhere for me to go though. I didn’t want to talk to anyone. 

It was hours later that I finally pulled my car back into the driveway. The house was dark except for the light above the stove. Thankfully when I tried the door, it was locked. I had been very paranoid about the doors and windows being secured. Nick was still a threat to us all and I was just shocked that he hadn’t made a move yet.
Inside, all was quiet, save for the low purr of the refrigerator motor. I took a quick peek in our bedroom before I started to guard the house, expecting to see Noah snoring, but the bed was empty. Had Nick shown up and taken my family because I wasn’t here? Panic swelled inside my chest, throbbing like a drumbeat. I rushed toward Hope’s room and sighed with relief. She was curled up under her princess comforter, her head tilted sideways on her pillow, a low snore spilling from her pursed lips. I closed her door as quietly as possible and moved toward the spare bedroom. Sure enough, Noah was sprawled out on the bed snoring. In the seven and a half years we’d been together, we had never slept apart. He must be pretty upset if he left our bed.
With a sigh, I headed back to our room to change. In frustration, I kicked my shoes off and winced when one of them thumped against the wall, knocking a bunch of papers off of Noah’s nightstand. I didn’t want to wake anyone, so I tiptoed over to clean up my mess.
What I saw floored me. It was a police file on Nick. Sam must have given it to Noah. It was filled with possible sightings, clues on his whereabouts, and interviews with family members and former friends. I knew the police were still looking for him, but I hadn’t asked Sam about it in months because I honestly didn’t want them to find him. That was my job. But now that I knew that Noah was searching for the person that took his wife, I had to speed up my plan. I couldn’t risk Noah getting involved. He was almost killed once. I wouldn’t let that happen again. 

Chapter Eighteen
Goodbye

I dodged a kick aimed at my head and gave my opponent two jabs to the kidney. Ducking a blow to my stomach, I kicked him in the shoulder, pushing him off his balance. “Good,” Kwan called out to us from nearby. Both of us were panting as we stepped away from each other, turning our focus to Master Kwan. “Abby, you are ready,” Kwan declared with a bow.
Puzzled again by his cryptic statement, I moved toward him, my bare feet bouncing on the workout mats. “Ready for what?”
He smirked at me before turning around, walking toward his office. “You know what I mean,” he muttered over his shoulder. “I’ll see you when you get back.” That was all he said before he disappeared inside, closing the door behind him
What did he mean? Did he know what I was planning? Was he saying I was ready to take my power back? If so, how did he know? And shouldn’t he want to stop me like anyone in my life would if they knew what I wanted to do?
I stood in the middle of the dojo staring at a closed door, waiting for answers to my questions, yet too afraid to actually ask them. I remained in the same position even after my sparring partner, a medical student from the nearby university, headed toward the change rooms, leaving me in the big building alone.
Kwan was still in his office ten minutes later and I knew that if I really wanted the answers I craved, I could go in and ask him. But I didn’t. I chose to believe that he meant I was ready to take my power back. With that knowledge, I believed it myself. This morning during target practice, I had hit the bull’s-eye every time I took a shot. I was ready.
And maybe if I kept telling myself that, it might be true.

“Hey guys,” I called cheerfully to Noah and Hope when I returned home from Martin. After standing in the empty dojo for almost a half hour staring at an office door, I was late getting back in time for Hope’s bus. I had called Noah from the car to ask if he could retrieve her for me. They were seated at the kitchen table doing a large puzzle of a butterfly. “How about we go out for dinner tonight and then go see a movie?”
Their responses to my suggestion couldn’t have been more different. While Hope yelled, “Yay!” jumping up from her chair, Noah’s eyes narrowed, a frown marring his rugged features.
“Why?” he asked, doubt and suspicion tainting his voice. Ever since our talk a few days ago when he walked in on Hope and me cooking together, he’d been wary when I paid any extra attention to her. Just last night when we made rice crispy squares, he watched me with calculating eyes before shaking his head and stepping outside.
He hadn’t returned to our bedroom either. With him in the spare room and me in a chair guarding the door, our bed lay empty. I was hoping to change that.
“Why what?”
“Why do you suddenly want to pay attention to us?”
His constant doubt of my actions wiped my smile away. “Noah,” I sighed, knowing he was justified in his words. He didn’t want me to disappoint Hope if I checked out again. I didn’t have any intention in doing so, but if my plan didn’t work, anything could happen. “Why do you keep questioning me? I just want to go out as a family, what’s wrong with that?”
“Nothing, I guess.” He shrugged, stood up, and took Hope’s hand. “Where do you want to go for dinner, Hope?” 
“Funville!” she shrieked, jumping up and down, her denim skirt billowing out around her knees, exposing her bare legs. One of her socks was pulled up to her mid-calf, the other was balled up at her ankle.
“Okay then.” I grabbed her coat and held it out for her. “Let’s go.”

The restaurant-arcade combo was bursting with loud, screaming, obnoxious kids. The noise was so overwhelming, I was surprised it didn’t send me running back to the car with my hands covering my ears, like Hope used to do when she watched fireworks. When I first returned home, I would get anxious with too many people around. Now though, as the months passed, I was getting used to it again. The buzzing, twirling sounds of the games reminded me of the times my parents would take Brenda and me to carnivals every summer. It was something we looked forward to each year, and I was excited to share some of those experiences with Hope. She was grinning ear to ear as we made our way inside. I couldn’t help but smile at her expression.
Noah was right when he’d said I hadn’t been present with him and Hope. I’d been a zombie. My body was doing everything it should, but my soul was still back at that house with Nick, suffering. I couldn’t help but feel that maybe I was starting to heal. I hadn’t opened up to anyone, as I’d been told I should time and time again, but as the saying goes, “Time heals all wounds,” and perhaps after tomorrow, I’d be able to put all of this behind me. I could finally get the closure that would set me free from the hell that had held me prisoner since that fateful morning at the beginning of September. Until then, I had one last night to show my family what was to come; I had one night to show them how I truly felt. I just hoped it wasn’t too late. Tonight I would make up for every half-hearted praise I gave my daughter when she was looking for attention. I would make Noah forget that I had chosen to obsess over a man who used violence to show his superiority to women, instead of embracing the loving one that had supported me for seven years. Tonight…I would make everything better.

“Mommy, watch me!” Hope demanded after we finished our mediocre pizza and she had taken position in front of a fishing game. While she picked up two fish with her tiny purple rod, she continued to look over her shoulder, making sure I was next to her watching. Every time she checked to confirm my presence I would feel a pang of regret that clenched at my heart, squeezing it until my emotions leaked out like water dripping from an old ringer washing machine. I hadn’t been there when she needed me. I was selfish, thinking only about my own suffering, never considering how I was affecting Hope. I couldn’t change the past, but I could make sure we had a better future. 
“I’m right here, baby girl,” I assured her, leaning over her shoulder. “You’re doing great.”
Noah still wasn’t quite convinced of my change in attitude. He had continually given me questioning looks all through dinner and had only spoken to Hope. Now he was seated at a nearby table scrutinizing my every move, like I would run away at any moment. He had nothing to worry about; I wasn’t going anywhere—tonight anyway.

“How long is this change going to last?” Noah asked as we stood in line for the Disney cartoon Hope wanted to see at the movie theatre. I took his hand without thinking and then winced when I realized how long it had been since I touched him.
I shrugged. “I hope it’s permanent. Maybe I’m beginning to heal.” A little boy about the age of two rushed by us, waddling on his shaky legs. A flustered-looking mother quickly followed. 
“I hope that’s true, Abby. We miss you so much.” His intense expression both thrilled and scared me. He desperately wanted to believe that I was finally coming back to them. But what if I didn’t? What if my plan backfired and I disappointed Noah and Hope again? I could never forgive myself.

The movie was cute and funny with jokes that only adults would understand, though the kids laughed anyway. Noah held my hand throughout the film, then let it go when it was over. By the time we arrived back home, Hope was both tired and hyper, hopped up on Jujubes and Swedish Fish.
Noah parked himself in front of the TV while I put Hope to bed. It took two books and a song before she finally let me leave.
“She’s almost asleep,” I whispered to my husband as I joined him on the couch.
He raised a brow at me, looking down at the lack of space between us. It was the closest I’d allowed myself to be to him in the three months I’d been home. “What are you doing?” he asked.
I placed my hand on his knee. His eyes followed the movement. “Nothing. I just miss you.”
He closed his own hand around mine and squeezed as if he was about to push my hand away, but hesitated. “Whose fault is that?” he whispered, his eyes meeting mine.
Despite his indifference, his touch turned gentle. I fought the urge to wince as I had done anytime a male touched me since my return home. “I’m sorry,” I whispered back. The apology was for so much more than the distance I had created between us; it was also for what was to come.
He sighed, closing his eyes briefly. “Abby, I don’t know what to do.” His voice exuded pain as he reopened his light blue eyes.
“What do you mean?” The hand that was still enveloping mine was warm against my skin, his calloused finger gently rubbing my palm.
“I want to believe what you’re saying, but I’m afraid of what might happen if I do.” He lifted his hand and brushed my cheek with the pad of his forefinger, a trail of heat following his finger. I was happily surprised by the reaction. It felt like forever since I last felt anything by his touch. “I’m afraid of losing you.”
Does he know? I wondered, pushing back the guilt for the pain I was about to cause him. “You won’t,” I answered honestly. “Everything will work out. I promise.”
He smiled sadly, leaning into me. I heard a resigned sigh escape his lips as they brushed against my own. It was awkward at first, like a couple of preteens fumbling through their first kiss—until I pulled him closer.
I pushed away an image of dark hateful eyes that flashed in my mind. I wouldn’t allow him to ruin what was about to happen. I needed to do this to prove to myself that there was hope in the future. I was so close to ending my suffering, I wanted to make sure that once I accomplished my plan, there was something for me to come back to. I needed Noah. I had been so wrapped up in my misery and plans for revenge that I’d forgotten that. 
Surprisingly, a spark that began as a slow burn bloomed into an inferno spreading rapidly throughout my body. All the feelings I had suppressed for so long soared to the surface. I clung to him, desperate to show him that I still loved him, desperate to let him know that I would be back. I wished I could bare my soul like he wanted. But my need to protect him from the painful memories was so strong, I would show him instead.
I pulled away, sitting up against the couch cushions, my eyes locked with his. A look of confusion and sadness flashed over his features. He thought I was rejecting him again. “Touch me,” I whispered. My voice wavered slightly at the thought of allowing a man free rein. I pushed any doubts away. This was Noah, the man I loved. If we wanted to get past the distance I created, I had to prove that things would get better—I had to take a step forward.
“Are you sure?” he asked softly, with uncertainty. “I don’t want to rush you.”
The corners of my mouth lifted—my attempt at a smile. “Two months is not rushing.”
His eyes skimmed my mouth, lowering down my body. “I’ve been waiting for months to comfort you.” He brushed his fingers against my cheek slowly, running it down over my chin and then my neck, stopping when he reached the neckline of my top. He hesitated, glancing up into my eyes. “To feel you.”
I swallowed roughly. His gentle caress was creating an intense response in me: a mix of both fear and pleasure. I couldn’t stop the shudder that ran through me when his fingers slipped under my top. His eyes blazed hot when he saw my reaction. With our gazes locked, he grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled, tugging it off in one smooth motion. “Is this okay?” he whispered.
I nodded hesitantly, trying not to think too much, only feel. Warning bells had started in my brain, but I silenced them with thoughts of Noah. He meant so much to me; I wouldn’t allow this rift to destroy us. He reached up and touched my shoulders, resuming his exploration. He moved his hand down my rib cage and over my waist until it touched the top of my jeans. I sucked in a breath and then released it when his fingers moved back up. He was doing what I had asked him to do—he was touching me—every part of me. We’d wasted so much time the last few months he was reacquainting himself with the feel of my skin and the reactions he could create.
By the time he had touched every inch of my upper body, my nerve endings were on fire and I wasn’t sure I could take anymore. When he pulled his hand back, I took a deep breath trying to calm my racing heart. He grinned. “I’m not done yet,” he whispered, leaning in to me, his lips making contact with the skin on my neck. He kissed my skin and then ran his tongue along my shoulder, repeating the process as he had with his fingers, only this time using his lips. A few minutes into his pleasure assault, my skin was raw and supersensitive and I couldn’t take it any longer. He had just made it to my bellybutton. I grabbed his head, my fingers threading through his thick blond hair, and yanked him up, kissing him with every wrung out emotion he had pulled out of me.
“Are you sure?” he asked hesitantly, against my lips.
“Yes,” I murmured. “Now shut up and kiss me.”
He chuckled softly as he kissed me back, both of us falling onto the sofa.

A gurgling snore pulled me from blissful sleep. I had been replaying our night together in my dreams and I hated to wake up. I was lying on Noah’s chest with his arm wrapped around my back like he didn’t want to let me go. I looked up at his face, so relaxed in sleep, and grinned. Tonight had been everything I wanted it to be and more. I was thankful that our love continued to burn as strong as ever. It made me realize that whatever came at us, we could get through it. I still had so much to sort through and so many secrets that I would eventually have to share with Noah, and I would… sometime. There was one particular secret that was weighing heavily on my conscience. I realized I should tell him, but I knew how much it would hurt him. After everything he’d gone through with me, I was hesitant.
“I was pregnant when Nick took me,” I whispered softly, watching him closely to make sure he was still sleeping. His chest moved up and down in a slow steady rhythm. His lips were parted slightly, allowing soft puffs of breaths to escape between them. “He killed our baby and I need to return the favor.” 
A flutter of his eyelids was his only response.
I smiled, brushing his lips with my finger. Now that I had gotten that off of my chest, I felt somewhat relieved. Even though I took the easy way out and told him when he was sleeping, I had said the words out loud and it was a step in the right direction.
Reluctantly, I lifted my head to see what time it was and winced. It was four o’clock in the morning. If I wanted to follow through with my plan I needed to get going.
With a ball of dread that weighed me down, I slipped out of bed and tiptoed to the closet, where I had hidden a small packed suitcase. With a soft kiss on Noah’s cheek I rushed out of the room, closing the door softly behind me.
The house was dreadfully silent as I changed quickly and grabbed my keys. I felt incredibly guilty for what I was doing, yet I knew in my heart it was the only way to get my family back. I wrote a quick note to Noah telling him I was sorry for leaving so early but I had to go home to help my mother with something. I knew he wouldn’t believe my lie yet I couldn’t tell him the truth, not yet anyway.
At the door, I reached out to turn the knob with a heavy heart.
“Mommy?” Hope’s voice in the quiet made me jump and I swung around, hiding my suitcase behind me.
“Where are you going?” She was looking at the bag in my hand. I wasn’t quite as quick as I had hoped.
“I have to go see Grandma, but I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
“Will you be gone long?”
“I hope not, sweetie.” Setting my suitcase down, I took her hand and led her back to her room. “Go back to sleep, honey. I love you.”
“I love you too, Mommy. See you soon!”
Instead of making any more empty promises, I simply smiled before closing the door behind me. The soft click of the latch echoed in the silent house. I started toward the kitchen when I realized I had forgotten my gun. 
I headed back into the bedroom to retrieve the most important item for my trip.
Noah was thankfully still sleeping, and after watching him breathe peacefully for a moment, I gathered my courage and left him behind. I had to do it now or I wouldn’t be able to.

Driving away from my family home was the hardest thing I ever had to do. Yes, I had done it before when Nick took me, but this time it was by choice. Knowing that it would all be over soon and we could finally take our life back was what kept me driving. 

The journey was quicker than usual; since I left so early, there wasn’t a lot of traffic. The roads were pretty clear too. It had snowed, but since it was just a light dusting, the flakes disintegrated as soon as they hit the pavement. My phone buzzed over and over until I finally turned it off. I knew Noah would be calling; I just couldn’t talk to him, not now anyway.
When I finally pulled into my apartment building in Renwood, I felt the knot of apprehension tighten. I hadn’t been back here without my family in years. Noah didn’t want me to keep it, but for some reason, I couldn’t let it go. When I suggested we keep it so we could stay here when we visited both of our families, he agreed.
Once I parked my car and turned the ignition off, I sat in the driver’s seat, unable to move. It was one thing to prepare for what I was about to do, it was quite another to follow through. Before I could chicken out and drive all the way back home, I turned my phone back on and made the call.
“Hello?” The voice was female and familiar.
“Heather?”
“Yes,” she answered, confused. I wasn’t surprised that she didn’t recognize me; it had been seven years since I’d seen or spoken to her. 
“It’s Abby.”
There was a pause on the other end. “Abby, what are you doing? Why are you calling here?” Her voice was a harsh whisper with a twinge of panic that told me that her husband, Rob, must be home.
“Did you hear what happened to me?” I asked, my voice holding more bite than I had intended.
“Yes…I-I’m so sorry about that.” She was even quieter now. “But you shouldn’t be calling here. What do you want?”
From the rearview mirror, I could see a brunette woman wearing a business suit rush by heading to her own car. “I don’t want anything. I’m in town, staying at my apartment, and I wanted to call and say hi.”
Again, there was a pause. “Um…okay.” I could hear voices chattering in the background. I must have interrupted breakfast with her family.
“So if anyone asks if you happen to know where I am, feel free to share.”
“Abby.” Her tone turned concerned. “Do you know what you’re doing?” She must have understood my intention.
“Yes, I do.”
She sighed. “Okay. Well, it was nice to hear your voice after all this time.” Her voice rose, taking on a forced cheerful air.
A tear slid down my cheek, knowing that I had accomplished my goal. “Goodbye, Heather.”
I thought I heard a raspy sob before she said, “Goodbye.”
When I hung up, my hands were trembling. I didn’t have much time to dwell on what I had just done, so I opened my car door and moved toward the trunk to pull out my suitcase. It was time to finish it.
I was strangely calm as the garage elevator took me up to my floor. I knew that what I was about to do was right for me and my family.

The apartment was just like it had been on our last visit. A few toys lay on the coffee table and Hope’s missing blue tennis shoe poked out from under the couch. We had looked for that forever after our last visit home.
My heart began to race at the sound of a knock on the door. Before I could talk myself out of it, I took a deep breath, readying myself to welcome the beast.
When I swung the door open, I expected to see the dark eyes that had been haunting my dreams for months. Instead, vivid blue ones, so much like her father’s, sparkled up at me. 


Chapter Nineteen
Sacrifice

After all that Nick had put me through, I wasn’t surprised that I’d finally lost my mind. As if he hadn’t done enough to me, now I was seeing things that weren’t there. It was the only explanation for why my daughter could be standing before me in my old apartment.
But she wasn’t here.
I had to have imagined her, because Hope should be snuggled up in her own bed, 300 miles away. I hoped I was going crazy, because otherwise it meant that she was really here, in my old home, with him on the way.
“Hope,” I gasped. “What are you doing here?”
She grinned, showing the gap in her teeth from a tooth that had fallen out last week. “I didn’t want you to leave me again.” 
Panic, so overpowering, so consuming, it threatened to swallow me whole settled over me, inside me. “How did you get here? Is your father with you?”
She shook her head, her soft, blonde hair bouncing against her Barbie pajama top. “No, silly, I snuck into your car when you went back into your room. I hid on the floor in the backseat under my pink blanket and fell asleep on the way here.” She looked around the empty apartment; spotting her tennis shoe, she bent down to pick it up. “When I woke up, you were gone and I was still in the car, in the parking lot. I recognized where I was and rode the elevator up here.” She grinned up at me, proud of herself for finding me, completely unaware of what she had walked into.
All of the emotions clambering inside me, morphed into one: FEAR! For the daughter I wanted to protect, and now had put at risk. My goal was to keep her safe, and I would do that at all costs.
I grabbed her arm and yanked her into the apartment, dialing my sister’s cell. There was no answer on the other end. I told her to come to the apartment as soon as she got the message. Next, I called Debbie and when she didn’t answer, I called my mom. She wasn’t home. I was wasting time with all the phone calls. I had to act. Hope could not be here when the monster came to call.
Again, I reached for her arm, rushing back to the hall.
“What’s wrong?” Hope asked while I swung open the door and began banging on neighbors’ doors. 
“You shouldn’t be here,” I answered shortly, not having time to explain.
“Why not? You’re here.”
I was banging on the last door at the end of the hall and still, no one answered. 
We rushed across the hall and started on the next one. “Yes, but I have to take care of something and I can’t get you involved.” 
“Why are you knocking on all of the doors?” she asked as I reached the fourth one, on the opposite side.
“I’m looking for someone to take you.”
From the corner of my eye, I saw her bottom lip jut out in a pout so far I worried that she’d topple over. “But I want to stay with you.”
I stopped for just a second and gazed down at my daughter, noticing she had collected more freckles since I was taken. Why hadn’t I noticed that before? “Honey, you can’t. But I will see you soon.”
My heart dropped to the floor when no one answered at the last apartment on our level. Where the hell was everyone? Was Heather the only one home in this town? I couldn’t go any further into the building; there wasn’t time for that. He could be here any minute, any second.
With that realization, defeat flooded my body, and if I had time, I would have shrunk into myself, deflated like an empty husk in disappointment. I failed. I couldn’t do what I intended. My perfect plan was ruined. But since I didn’t have time to pout, I seized Hope’s hand and took off running down the carpeted corridor toward the elevator, our shoes smacking against the dull gray carpet.
I hadn’t locked my apartment door, but that didn’t matter. The only thing that did was getting Hope to safety. It was my only thought…until I reached the edge of the stairway. 
The sound of pounding boots against metal stairs floated up into the hall.
My heart stopped. I froze.
He was here.
There was no way to make it to the elevator without him seeing us. We had to go back.
We reached the apartment door just as I heard the stairwell door open. Once inside, I spun the lock and rushed Hope to her room. “Listen, honey. You have to do what I say, okay?” When she nodded, I went on, pulling out my cell phone and ear buds I had stashed in my purse. “I want you to stay in your room and listen to music. You need to lock the door behind me and push your chair against it, all right?”
She stood in the middle of the room looking up at me, her face so innocent, I wished I could keep her that way. “Why?” she asked.
“Because there’s a bad person coming and I don’t want you to see them, okay?”
She nodded.
“You have to promise me that you’ll do what I told you.”
“I promise.”
“Okay.” I bent down and hugged her tightly, breathing in her sweet scent. “I love you, baby. Don’t open the door until you know it’s me!” I instructed, letting her go. 
As the door closed, I watched her nod. “All right, now lock the door.” 
I sighed with relief when I heard the click. “Now push the chair,” I instructed, hearing a muffled thunk that shook the thin wooden door. “Now put the ear buds in.”
“Okay,” her soft voice rang out into the hall. 
Now that she was safe, I snatched my gun from my purse and took position in the armchair, facing the entrance. I was out of breath and frantic.
A second later, there was a rustling sound in the knob before the door slammed open, thrashing into the wall behind it. A loud thump announced the intruder. If I hadn’t been waiting, the sound would have startled me.
Nick stood in the hall. He was wearing ratty jeans and a stained black T-shirt. His dark brown hair, which he usually kept short, was longer than I had ever seen. A patchy beard grew over his chin and cheeks. He looked tired. His dark hateful eyes widened when he saw the gun pointed at his head. A small taunting grin tugged at his lips. “Really? You think you can kill me?”
When I didn’t answer, he stepped inside and closed the door behind him, spinning the lock to close us in. “You couldn’t do it before, what makes you think you can do it now?”
Pushing down my fear, I spoke with all the strength I didn’t feel. “I’m a different person.”
“Are you now?”
I stood up, baring my shoulders, my arms firmly set, the gun aimed right between his eyes. “I have you to thank for that.”
His grin grew more pronounced, yet the gesture held no humor, more of an evil leer. “I’ve missed you.”
Bile climbed up my throat. “What part did you miss the most, beating me, or raping me?”
The grin faded, his eyes turning to steel. “There was no rape, you wanted it every time.”
The bile that had been lurking now threatened to choke me. “You disgust me.”
As he took a step forward, his expression hardened to match his eyes. The gun pointed at his face was no concern to him. “And you belong to me! It’s time you understood that.”
He truly believed I was his possession. I always worried that he would never let me go, and the conviction in his voice proved that. There was only one thing I could do to get my life and my power back. Any doubt that I was choosing the wrong path evaporated with his declaration. I pulled back on the safety and started to pull the trigger. It was time to end this.
A thump in Hope’s room had me turning my head, allowing Nick to knock the gun out of my hand. It dropped to the floor with a soft thud.
He shoved me against the wall, pinning me. I struggled to free myself, thrusting my shoulders against his hands, trying to kick up with my knee…yet nothing worked. He was using his whole body weight; I couldn’t budge him.
The only way to get out of this was to distract him. “If you really believe I belong to you, then why haven’t you come for me? I was sure you would.”
“I was waiting for the media to forget about me, my picture is still too memorable.” He grinned. “Besides, I tried. The local police have been doing patrols past your house every half hour. It was too risky.” I knew about the patrols, I just didn’t realize they were still so frequent.
His explanation confirmed my fears, though. He had tried to get to me. But thanks to Sam, he wasn’t able to. “Good. My family has suffered enough because of you.” My heart ached at my words. I was the one who had put Hope in danger this time. I needed to end this so she would never know what happened here.
“They don’t have to suffer. Just come with me.” His voice turned soft, almost as if he was concerned about them. 
I shook my head. “No. That won’t work again. Not after you killed my unborn child.”
His brows furrowed, a leathery wrinkle appearing between his beady eyes. “What do you mean?”
“That’s why I left when I did. I had a miscarriage after your last beating.”
If I believed he was capable of feeling remorse, I would have thought his face washed with guilt. But since this was Nick, I knew that wasn’t possible. 
“Mine?” he whispered. His face lit up with glee, as if the idea of him creating a life from his rape appealed to him. I wanted to vomit.
Disgusted at his assumption, I scowled at him. “No, it was mine and Noah’s. A brother or sister to Hope. You killed my baby!” My voice rose higher than it should have. I didn’t want to attract any attention. Though the hall outside my apartment was quiet, I could hear footsteps in the apartment above.
“I’m sorry.” His voice was a whisper. “I truly am. I will make it up to you. I promise.”
I couldn’t believe him. He was so delusional he thought I would actually go away with him after everything he had done.
His head dipped down, his eyes closing. I knew what was coming next and I allowed it. I actually wanted the man I hated most in the world to kiss me. When his lips touched mine, his beard scratchy against my skin, I almost smiled. He gave me the opening I was waiting for. I bit down…so hard that I tasted blood and flesh. He yanked his head back with a grunt, his eyes filled with shock and pure loathing. Blood dripped from his mouth, down his chin, falling in tiny droplets onto the wooden flooring. His hands slipped from my arms.
Taking advantage, I gave him two sharp jabs to the chin, knocking him back farther into the living room.
Once again, his eyes widened in surprise at my actions. He was finally realizing why I had lured him here. I wanted revenge—and now he knew it. While the shock was still immobilizing him, I kicked him in the stomach. He doubled over in pain. While he was down, I was anxious to end it.
“I’m sorry, Nick. But I’ve realized that the only way I can be happy in this world is if you’re not in it.” I lifted my leg to kick him again, only it didn’t go as planned. He’d been doubled over in pain; it would have been so easy to finish him off. But he was too quick. Just as my foot was about to reach his shoulder, he reached out and grasped it.
Yanking me forward, he stood up. Before I had a chance to make another move, he snatched me, pushing my arms behind my back, gripping me so close I could feel his heart beat. “What will you do now?”
On instinct I jerked my knee sharply, hitting him in his happy place. He grunted, but with our close proximity, the impact wasn’t enough to get him to let me go. So I did the only thing I could think of, I slammed my head into his nose—and it hurt like hell.
Blood oozed out of his nostrils and he loosened his grip, enabling me to twist free. I spun around, kicking him in the face. He fell back into the wall, but reached out to grab my hand. I tried to hit his wrist, making him release his grip…to no avail, he held firm. Once more, I lifted my leg to kick him, only this time he was prepared. He reached for it, shoving me to the floor.
I pushed and kicked as he lay on top of me, yet nothing seemed to work to get him off. Terror bubbled inside me, just what Kwan had warned me about. “If you panic, you lose your control.”
I needed to calm down, to think. What could I do to get out of this?
As I searched for a way to get free, Nick grinned down at me, leaning so close to my face I could feel his hot breath; it smelled of fish. I wanted to gag. “I knew you would come back to me,” he whispered, a bit of his blood dripping onto my cheek. It was warm and trickled down my skin like a tear.
Was he insane? I had come to kill this man, and in his twisted mind he thought it was a way to go back to him. I shoved up with my hands in attempt to dislodge him, even tried to twist my body, hoping the movement would make him lose his balance, but nothing mattered. He was dead weight.
With one of his hands, he held both of mine. I was stuck. “I’m going to show you what you’ve missed for the last few months.” With his free hand he reached down to my jeans, struggling to unzip them. The panic that had threatened to swallow me whole at the sight of Hope returned. It churned inside me so rapidly my head spun. He was going to rape me. This couldn’t be happening. Not again, not after everything I’d done to prevent it. How could I have failed?
In sheer desperation, I lifted my knee sharply in attempt to crush his balls. Unfortunately, he closed his legs, preventing access.
I was out of ideas.
I didn’t know how to stop this. After all the training I had done, I was not getting my power back after all. I could never face Kwan again.
As his fingers dug into my skin, I heard a strangled cry.
I looked up over Nick’s shoulder, meeting vivid blue eyes that were so familiar to me, and my heart sank. I told her not to come out. This could not be happening. 
I pleaded soundlessly for it all to be a dream and I would wake in Noah’s strong arms. Unfortunately, I was wide awake, sharing the same space as both my tormentor and my daughter. It was a living nightmare.
As Hope stared down at me, I felt the weight of Nick on top of my body. “No.”
A hand reached for the gun.
“Run,” I mouthed to my baby girl. So far Nick hadn’t noticed her, and I couldn’t risk that he would. He was concentrating on getting my jeans down. With only one hand he was fumbling through it. I knew what was about to happen and it killed me to know she might see it.
She didn’t move as she shook her head at me, a tear sliding down her rosy cheek.
“Run NOW!” I mouthed again, a rough whisper. I glared at her, demanding that she listen to me.
Instead of doing what I wanted, she picked up the gun.
“NO!” This time I screamed.
My words had no effect, because she had already pointed the gun at the man that was hurting her mother. Before I could yell again, a deafening BOOM pierced the air. The sound was so loud it shattered my eardrums. I was so focused on the bright blue eyes that continued to stare into mine that I barely noticed the sharp burn in my shoulder or the heaviness that fell on top of me.
As if from a distance, I could hear Hope’s screams and then the calm voice of the man I loved. “It’s okay, Abby, help is on the way.” Noah’s comforting words were the soothing balm to my battered soul. He was here. My savior. My knight in shining armor—again saving the day. 
As I drifted away, I heard Hope’s sweet voice from a week earlier.
“Why do you have a gun?” she had asked.
“To stop bad men from hurting people,” I’d answered.
“Daddy said a bad man took you. Can the gun protect you from him?”
I hadn’t wanted her to ever see my gun. I never imagined how much I would regret that she had. 

Epilogue

I was at peace.
Eight years of hell and it was all finally over. I should be happy. I should be ecstatic. 
I wasn’t.
My freedom had come with a price.
“Abby, you have to stop blaming yourself,” Sylvia warned, two weeks after the shooting.
I smiled sadly at her, unsure if I could ever do that.
We were relaxing on the swing Noah set up on our deck, watching the sun set over the lake. Instead of a winter coat, I was wearing a hoodie. It was oddly warm for late February. All the snow that had accumulated since January was now reduced to dirty piles along the road and parking lots. During the past week we’d seen record highs. Hopefully that meant an early spring. Although that was unlikely, nothing was more unpredictable than the weather in Shimmer Lake, not even Nick’s erratic behavior when I lived with him so long ago.
The gentle movement of the swing had lulled Hope to sleep, her head lying softly on my lap. She hadn’t wanted to let me out of her sight since I got home from the hospital two days before.
I smiled down at her, lazily twirling her silky loose hair around my fingers with the arm that was now in a sling. My mother, Kathy, and Noah were puttering around the kitchen making dinner. Their cheerful voices drifted out of the window above us. Noah’s grandmother Sylvia and my mother had accompanied us home when I was released from the hospital in Renwood. They wanted to be here to help with Hope and also my recovery. I was thankful for their presence.
I felt happy for the first time in months. I knew it wouldn’t last though; we still had a lot to deal with. Hope and I were starting counseling tomorrow. Noah had asked to sit in on a few sessions with me so we could work on our communication. He was still angry at me for leaving in the middle of the night without a word. I understood his anger; I still blamed myself for Hope sneaking into the car, therefore setting off the events that followed. 
Thankfully, the authorities didn’t know her role in the chaos that ensued. Brenda had received my message and rushed to the apartment soon after Noah showed up. Together they devised a plan to protect Hope from any consequences that might occur. 
Brenda whisked Hope home with her moments before the police and paramedics appeared. It was Noah who confessed to shooting us. And I say us because the bullet went through Nick’s heart, into my shoulder. Luckily it was a minor wound and nothing vital was injured. Noah explained to them that Nick was trying to rape me when he arrived. He found the gun on the floor and acted without thinking. 
Noah was brought down to the station that day, but with Nick’s violent history, they had no reason not to believe his story. He was set free a few hours later. I was relieved that Hope wasn’t put through that, but I regretted that Noah had gotten involved. That was never my intention. I was supposed to handle it on my own.
Pushing the memories to the back of my mind, I once again directed my attention to one of my favorite people. “Will she ever get over it?” I asked Sylvia, staring down at my daughter’s angelic face. She looked so peaceful, you would never know what she’d been through just weeks before. 
Sylvia nodded, the evening air pushing the tendrils of her silvery hair into her face. “Someday.” 
I smiled, feeling lighter for a moment. I hoped what she said was true. I would never forgive myself if it wasn’t. “Do you really think so? She wakes up screaming every night.” I needed confirmation. Hope had shot a man. How could she get past that at age six?
Sylvia nodded. “Yes, I do. Kids are resilient. She’s young, with a big supportive family who loves her. She will be fine.” She bent down, brushing a piece of hair out of Hope’s eyes with her wrinkled finger. “And when the memories fade, she won’t wake up screaming anymore.”
Now that Nick was no longer a threat, her words gave me hope for the future.
I turned my head and tilted it up, looking for Noah through the window. I saw him laughing with Kathy and my sister. As if he felt me staring, he caught my gaze and winked at me.
I smiled. Maybe we could be happy again.
Sylvia placed her hand on mine, making me focus on her once again. “And someday, neither will you.” 
###

Check out an excerpt from Christina Smith’s book, Skeleton Park




Then

Blurred, chaotic, crimson and black images—a constant scream that sounds like my voice. This is what my life has become. I’m no longer aware of anything—only the agonizing screaming and the occasional distant voice that I can no longer interpret penetrate my new existence. I want to stop the sounds, the horrible visions, but I don’t know how.
Where am I?—what’s happening?—how did I get here?—These are the questions I think of when the screams fade enough for me to process thought. Unfortunately, those moments are fleeting.
I’m losing my mind.
Who am I?
Where am I? 
How did I get here?


Chapter One
Now

A high-pitched shriek pierced through my foggy brain and I jumped in my seat. The low purr of the engine had been lulling me into a zombie-like daze, but the horrible sound that was continually haunting my mind for the last week wouldn’t let up. It was a constant reminder of what I had escaped. Not that I needed one; the guilt was all consuming, in my every thought. 
“Are you all right, Avery?” my mother asked from the seat beside me, her long black hair flapping in the wind like a crow’s wing. Her question was one she repeated almost hourly. Just because I chose not to discuss what happened didn’t mean there was something wrong. I was fine; I just couldn’t say that about the people we left behind.
I blinked at her, the cloudiness ebbing from my brain and allowing me to focus on her concerned face. “Yes, Mom. I told you, I’m all right.” I couldn’t help the irritated edge in my voice. Any time she brought up my feelings, a wall as thick as the Hoover Damn would form in my mind and I would shut down. It wasn’t something I did consciously; it was simply self-preservation. I couldn’t let my emotions leak out again. I might not recover the next time. 
Wrinkles formed at the corners of her mouth as she frowned worriedly at me. It was an expression I had seen often in the last few days. “I know, honey, but I want to make sure we’re making the right decision.”
“We?” I asked, my eyes wide with accusation as I crossed one cramped leg over the other. We had only been in the car for a few hours, but without shifting positions, my limbs felt like they were covered in cement and if I moved them too quickly they might shatter into thousands of tiny pieces. 
Mom squeezed the steering wheel, her knuckles turning white as she slowed to make the turn off the highway and into our new city. “Yes, I made the decision. But if you didn’t want to leave, you could have said something.”
It was her idea to leave our home in Renwood, New York. And I knew she would have listened to me, had I argued. But at the time, I just wanted to disappear. My whole world had shattered in one single moment and I honestly didn’t know if I would ever be the same. I had escaped a horrible fate and the memories plagued me. I needed to get away—to a place where nothing would remind me of that terrible day.
I sighed heavily, pushing those thoughts out of my mind and sinking into my leather seat. The bright, mid-afternoon sun shone in my eyes as I took in the sights around us. There were plazas on both sides of the street with multiple fast food restaurants flanked next to them. The area was jam-packed with stores, gas stations, coffee shops, and even a cinema. Cars streamed around the intersection like army ants marching in formation.
For some reason I was surprised at how busy the place was. I assumed it would be going at a slower pace. And I definitely didn’t expect so many people. It wasn’t all that different from the city we had left behind. 
My friends said that we were running away, and maybe that was true. My mother and I had packed up our whole lives and moved right when we were needed the most. And not just to a different city or state—no, that wasn’t good enough. Mom had insisted we move to a different country.
She had done a lot of research before picking our new home in Canada, and—after some favors from friends—had gotten us all the paperwork we needed. The city she chose was a place called Kingston, Ontario. It was only three hours away from our former home, but once we drove over the border my previous address seemed like a world away. Mom had given me exactly four days to say goodbye to my friends and pack my belongings. She was so devastated by what happened and terrified that I wouldn’t be so lucky if there was a next time, that we were leaving before we even sold the house. Our real estate agent agreed to take care of everything and thanks to email and the Internet Mom could handle it from our new home.
We still had some money left from my father’s death fourteen years ago. He died in a car crash and left us quite a large insurance settlement, making it possible for us to pay for the new house before our old one sold. However, since we moved without even looking for a place to live, we were forced to stay in a hotel until we found one, which meant we were somewhat rushed.
~~
Pearl, the real estate agent Mom had been in contact with over the phone, met us in front of our hotel once we arrived. She was a short, stout woman, with a flowered blouse and a navy blue pencil skirt exposing stocky pale legs. Her mousy brown hair resembled a helmet, but her eyes were sharp as razor blades. Once we made all the introductions, we climbed into her vehicle, planning to check into our room after viewing a few houses.
The next couple of hours were plagued with one disappointment after another. The first house she showed us smelled of cat urine, while the next two weren’t available for months. When Mom asked to be shown houses that were available now or in a week or two, we were forced to call it a day. None of the showings Pearl had prepared would work. Since we were in a new city, in a different country, without knowing a single soul, I wanted the house we chose to be perfect. If I was going to hide from everyone and everything I once knew, I needed to love my new sanctuary. I was sure the perfect house was out there, we just had to find it. Disappointed with the day’s results, we were dropped off at our hotel a lot sooner than we had hoped. 
~~
“This is it.” My mom’s voice was cheerful as she pushed open the door of our hotel room. “Our home, until we can find a better one.” It would also be where she worked. Mom was a graphic designer and could do it anywhere. She specialized in book covers and made a pretty decent living. 
Our room was cozy and consisted of two double beds with matching maroon blankets. There was a dresser, a desk, and a TV. Unfortunately the smell of pineapple permeated the room. I hated pineapple. But this was it, home sweet home until we could find something more permanent.
“Why don’t we unpack and then freshen up before we venture out for dinner?”
I hefted my suitcase onto one of the beds, making the mattress bounce, and nodded. “Sounds good to me.”
Once we had both shoved all our clothes into the closet and dresser, we took turns in the shower to wash away the long drive over the border before heading out to eat. 
My mom’s phone rang as soon as we let ourselves back into the room a few hours later. It was Pearl, informing her that she found a house that was available now in the downtown area. 
I fell asleep that night listening to the hum of the mini fridge and the tap, tap of my mother’s laptop keyboard as she corresponded with clients.
~~
The alarm screeched as if from a distance. I pounded the sleep button and drifted back to oblivion. I needed the silence. After my fight with Caleb, I had cried all night, and my mind wouldn’t turn off until the wee hours of the morning. How could he do that to me? I loved him.
“Ave, what are you still doing here?” my mom yelled, yanking me out of my much needed slumber.
I jolted into a sitting position, instantly regretting the movement. Holding my dizzy head I mumbled, “What time is it?”
“It’s seven thirty. You’re going to be late. You look sick though. Maybe you should stay home.”
I shook my head as I crawled out of bed, Caleb’s chiseled face and big chocolate brown eyes ever present in my mind. His hurtful words still echoed in my ears. “I can’t, I have a test in English today.”
Mom turned away, but stopped in the doorway. “Hurry up then.”
I jumped up in bed with my heart hammering in my chest, the images of that day still hovering over me like a dark shadow threatening to surround me.
“Good morning, honey.” Mom stood in the corner of the hotel room. She was dressed in a violet sleeveless top and light linen pants. Her inky black hair was hanging loose, falling over her shoulders. I looked a lot like her. We shared the same color and length of hair but while hers was straight and silky, mine resembled a poodle. I inherited my curly hair from my dad, who I barely remembered.
Mom had been smiling, but when she took me in, her expression was lined with concern. “Are you okay?” she asked, taking a step toward me.
I glanced around the room, trying to shake off the dream and get my bearings. I took a deep breath once I remembered our situation. We were in a different city, about to go out to look for a new home. We were starting over. I just wished my mind would let me. I forced a smile to reassure her. “I’m fine, Mom. I just forgot where we were.” It wasn’t entirely a lie, but I couldn’t tell her what really upset me. I wasn’t ready to face what had happened. So instead, I yanked the blanket off and rushed into the bathroom to get ready for the day.
I heard her sigh tiredly as I closed the door behind me.
Once I was finished showering, we headed out.
~~
Instead of picking us up, Pearl gave us directions for us to meet her. She had only found one place that fit our time restraint, which meant she needed to look for more after we checked out the first house. The street the house was located on ran parallel to a park. The park was the size of a city block, with a playground and a small basketball court. There were also a few benches and picnic tables scattered along the well-manicured grass. Children of various ages were laughing and running around, enjoying the sunny Saturday afternoon.
“What do you think?” Pearl asked us. She was dressed in a gray pant suit, with a fluorescent orange frilly blouse sticking out at the collar.
I glanced wearily at the park, unsure if I wanted to live so close to noisy kids, and then looked behind Pearl. The house she was pointing at was a red-brick two-story. It was old—I could tell from the aged stone on the surface—but it appeared to be well taken care of. A huge red maple tree practically filled the whole front yard, hiding the large bay window in the front of the house.
Pearl climbed the steps, leaned on the wrought iron railing, and waited as we filed behind her. When we were positioned on the porch, she pushed open the door—to our new home. I knew it was It as soon as I peered inside. Yes, the structure was old, but the kitchen and living room held so much character, it was definitely worth it.
“Wow,” my mother gasped, as she stepped over the threshold. Her heels clicked over the copper-colored ceramic tiles and echoed in the empty room as she made her way to the living area, gazing up at the high-beamed cathedral ceiling.
“This one is definitely ready any time. The owners are desperate to sell before the twenty-seventh,” Pearl supplied, while we studied our surroundings.
“What’s the twenty-seventh?” my mom asked absently, running her fingers over the built-in shelving over the fireplace.
Pearl’s face paled as she visibly swallowed. “Uh…just the closing of their new house.”
I was about to ask why the furniture was gone if their new house hadn’t closed yet, but I lost interest as I glanced around the roomy kitchen. The ivory cupboards were L-shaped with a breakfast bar on the end.
“I love it,” I whispered, wandering up the stairs. There were two large rooms and a smaller one that Mom could use for an office. Unfortunately, I could only see one bathroom, but it was roomy and featured a Jacuzzi tub. The smaller of the two rooms, which would be mine, faced the park. Through the lush trees, I had a view of bits and pieces of the playground and a few benches. 
“What do you think?” my mom asked from the doorway.
My eyes were fixed out the window when I answered her. “This is it.” Our sanctuary. I spun around to face her. “Don’t you think?”
She grinned widely and nodded her head. “And it’s a steal, a lot cheaper than the others.”
“Why?” I wondered out loud. Yes, this house was older, but it was closer to the city. I was pretty sure Pearl had mentioned in one of her long spiels yesterday about real estate in Kingston, that it meant it would be more expensive.
She shrugged. “I’m not sure. Pearl just said that the owners were desperate. They want to sell immediately.”
For some reason her explanation made me uneasy. But since I couldn’t explain why, I ignored it and returned my mother’s mile-wide grin. The gesture felt foreign on my face, like I wasn’t worthy of happiness. But I pushed through those feelings and forced myself to enjoy the moment. The house was perfect; I just couldn’t explain why.
“That’s great,” I exclaimed, sharing my mom’s excitement despite my wariness.
She rushed forward, flinging her arms around me. Her touch soothed some of the ache that still lingered in my heart. I hadn’t allowed her to hug me in a week. But at the moment, it felt good, like this was our chance to start over. We were in a new house, new city, in a different country. There were no memories here. I could forget the horrible event. With nothing around to remind me of that day, I could push the awful images to the back of my mind and hopefully, the pain that crept into my heart would eventually fade. With that thought, I returned my mother’s hug, breathing in her comforting scent, ignoring the feeling of guilt that was always hovering in my mind.





Chapter Two

A week later we were in our very empty house waiting for the moving van to show up. We had been here all day getting ready for the rest of our stuff. But it only took so long to unpack the four suitcases and three boxes that we had lugged in the car from home. We also had two coolers with food we’d been eating out of from our hotel room. We ate takeout Chinese on the floor of the living room. Once our lunch containers were tidied up, we cleaned out all the cupboards and the bathroom and even mopped the floors with the cleaning products Mom had picked up. Now, we were out of things to do.
My mom had finally gotten hold of the movers and was told they had been held up at customs, but should be arriving anytime. While Mom wore a path on the lawn from her constant pacing, I was across the road at the park. I had found a spot on the ground, leaning against a cold, cement monument, and was drawing a spooky-looking oak tree in my sketch pad. The limbs stretched out from the trunk like skeletal arms reaching up to the pale blue sky. While the rest of the trees in the park were filled with bright green leaves, this one was bare, exposing the bent and twisted branches that slightly resembled bony fingers. Even the bark was missing, like a cob of corn husked and tossed away. The trunk was mostly gray, but was starting to turn white in certain spots. It was the oddest tree I had ever seen and I wondered why the city officials, or whoever took care of the park, didn’t cut it down. It was obviously dead.
Besides a family with four kids, and a woman with a baby, the only other person around was a tall guy about my age. Despite the hot sun that was glaring down from above us, he was wearing jeans and a green army jacket. He was hovering over a golden plaque that was secured to a marble slab. As if he could sense me watching him, he looked up and met my gaze. His emerald green eyes fixed to mine.
Embarrassed at being caught watching him, I quickly looked back down at my partially drawn picture. I rubbed my pointer finger over the trunk of the tree I had just drawn, shading it to appear more realistic.
Despite the heat from the late afternoon sun, I was cool. The trees around me provided plenty of shade to block out the heated rays. The gentle wind brushed my cheeks and ruffled my black hair while it hung over my face as I drew. I loved drawing. I had been doing it since I was a kid. At first I did it for fun, but now it was almost a compulsion. The only time I hadn’t had a sketch pad and pencil on me was during the last week. This morning was the first time I had picked them up since “It” happened. I knew the only reason I was able to was because I was away from all the memories. As I glanced around the park on that very relaxing Saturday afternoon, I felt almost at peace for the first time in fifteen days.
A loud screech pierced through the bubble of contentment around me and I glanced to my left to see what the noise was. It was the brakes of a big, white truck covered in a haze of dirt along both sides that darkened toward the back corners like wings. The moving van was finally here. I shoved my pencil and pad in my bag and jumped up, feeling a little anxious about unpacking our belongings. Would bringing pieces of our old life to our new one take away that tiny bit of contentment I had been feeling?
Just as I was about to cross the road to join my mom, I peeked behind me for one more glance at the green-eyed boy, but he was gone. The spot by the plaque was empty.
~~
It only took two hours to transfer everything that made us who we were from the back of a truck to the new house. When the movers left, we stood in the cluttered living room and glanced around at all the unopened boxes. There was so much to do; we didn’t know where to begin.
After staring at the piles of cardboard for several minutes in silence, my mother turned to me. “Pizza?” Her hair was up in a messy bun and a stray strand fell into her soft blue eyes.
I nodded my head enthusiastically before following her to the door.
~~
We found a small pizza place downtown called Bubba’s and sat in the cramped restaurant to eat our dinner. 
“So…are you ready to go back and get to work?” my mom asked, when she finished her own meal, tossing the pizza crust onto her tray, the lump of dough landing on a puddle of brown liquid from the iced tea she had spilt earlier.
“I guess so.” My plate and soda were empty, but the thought of all the work waiting for us at home made me want to order another slice just to put it off. 
As she slid her purse strap onto her shoulder, she tilted her head at me, a look of compassion and worry flitting across her face. “Are you having second thoughts?” She meant about the move. And even if I was, wasn’t it too late? We had already bought a house and all our stuff was inside of it waiting to be unpacked.
I glanced down at the tabletop, biting my lip and digging my finger in a crack in the wood. I barely noticed when a small wood sliver stabbed my fingertip. “No. I’m…”
“Worried that unpacking your old stuff will bring back memories you’re trying to avoid?”
So, my mother was a closeted psychiatrist. Who knew? “I’m fine,” I muttered, as the wall I constantly erected in my mind took shape. A crack had formed in the carefully constructed structure for a split second and she had taken that chance to analyze me. I couldn’t let her do it again. I knew what would happen if it tumbled down—my mind would crumble with it.
I stood up, carrying my cardboard dish, shoved it into the trash can and rushed out of the restaurant. 
I stood in the street, the warm evening breeze washing over me as I gained control of myself. My breath came out in gasps, my heart pounding in my chest. The images were threatening to break free and I couldn’t allow it. I took a deep, slow breath and pictured a dam; the rapid, raging water crashing against the barrier became the emotions I held back. It was a necessary move to keep my sanity. I had lost it once and I wouldn’t lose it again. Gradually my labored breathing slowed, and my heart steadied in my chest. I took another deep breath and listened to the music that floated in the early summer air from a dance club up the block and some more from behind me. By the time my mom emerged through the door, my episode was once again under control. Together, we walked to her car, her questions in the pizza place forgotten.
Over the sound of our footsteps hitting the pavement, I could hear applause and laughter. I had a sinking feeling I knew where that was coming from. When we had left our house earlier, crowds of people had begun filling the park next to us. When I asked my mother what was going on, she said that Pearl had mentioned to her that there were some people gathering at the park for a rally tonight. So much for my peaceful sanctuary.
Even though I suspected what was happening, I was still surprised at what we saw when we turned onto our street. So many cars were lined up with only a few feet between them I thought of my dad’s old dominoes. I used to take them out and try to picture him using them. Since I was three when he died, I didn’t have any memories, so I tried to force some. It never worked. 
The street was so crowded as we cruised past, our car’s tires scraped against the curb while Mom swerved around a large black SUV. When she was finally able to pull into our driveway, I got out and turned around. The park was teeming with people chanting, “Let them go!” I didn’t understand what their words meant and I really didn’t care. I wasn’t in the mood for a gathering.
As I turned to follow Mom into the house, I felt the heat of someone watching me. When I gazed over my shoulder, I saw the guy with the emerald eyes. He wasn’t at the marble stone this time. Now he was leaning on the same monument I had been sitting against earlier…and he was watching me. When he saw me look at him, he smiled. I tipped my lips upward faintly. It was all I could manage before I spun back around, rushing into the house behind my mother.
The rally lasted late into the night, the noise providing the background as we unpacked the kitchen and then our bedrooms. Finally we went to bed, only I didn’t sleep. Instead, I lay on my bed staring up at the stippled ceiling listening to the voices drifting in from my window. The low drone of conversation eventually lulled me into a deep slumber.

~~
The heels of my knee-high boots clicked against the linoleum floor as I ran to class. I was late for first period English and I blamed Caleb Nichols: after a year together, he dumped me. Despite getting ready in record time and having the quickest shower in history, I had still pulled up to the school ten minutes late. Mrs. Robertson had taken her time writing out a late slip, and then I bumped into a boy, knocking his books to the ground. My day was not starting out well, and on top of everything else, I was worried about running into Caleb.
The sound of a door slamming echoed through the corridor. As I got closer to my destination I heard the slamming of another. When I turned the corner into the hallway that led to my class, the sound came again. All the hair on my arms stood on end. What was going on?
I sucked in a deep breath as I jerked awake, yanking myself from the dream. I jolted up in bed and rubbed my eyes. I hadn’t been sleeping very much lately; nightmares and imaginary sounds had been keeping me restless. Knowing I wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep, I crawled out of bed and sat down on the window seat with my sketch pad in my lap. I gazed out at the now empty park before focusing on a blank sheet of paper. I took a deep breath and began to draw; the only light was from the street lamps outside my window. I didn’t know what I was drawing; I just let my fingers go. But I wasn’t surprised when the outline of a face appeared and then thick messy hair. A few minutes later I was staring into the dark eyes of an awkward teen.
Before I could make my mind form any more depressing thoughts, I was turning the page to a fresh one and my pencil was moving over the paper. It was like my fingers were possessed with a mind of their own. But again, when my fingers stilled, I wasn’t surprised at the image. I saw her every morning; her bright smile and her melodic voice woke us up as she read to us from Shakespeare. Miss Adams was young for a teacher and as far as I knew wasn’t married and didn’t have any children. I allowed a few seconds to gaze at the picture and then I turned it, knowing what would come next: another person I hadn’t allowed myself to say goodbye to. I’d just left without a word and I wasn’t sure if I could ever forgive myself.
As I flipped to a blank page, the sound of sobbing had me gazing out the window. The park was now vacant. The only evidence of the rally was a few empty cartons of food and a forgotten stage. The sad sound that had drawn my attention outside grew louder. I leaned my head against the screen that was bumpy and cold against my skin, searching for the source. But there didn’t seem to be one. The park grounds were empty, as were the sidewalks and streets surrounding it. The sobs slowly faded away and, deciding it must be coming from a neighbor’s window, I turned back to my sketch pad. I had more memories to transfer.
I stayed up late drawing a few more faces that haunted my mind and when I finally drifted off to sleep, I slept like a baby. 
~~
Over the next week, I spent my days either unpacking or sitting on the ground at the park, leaning against the monument drawing. By day, I drew trees, flowers, or people that frequented the park; but at night my fingers became possessed and would draw the memories that flashed through my mind in a continuous loop. I didn’t know why I did it. Every morning I told myself I wouldn’t pick up that pencil. But each night, I found myself up for hours sitting on my window seat drawing. Then I’d go to bed and the nightmares would come anyway.
My mom often nagged me to venture farther than the park to meet people, but I was happy with my routine. Making friends could wait until school started in a few months. I was too depressed to meet anyone. No, until I had my issues out of my head permanently, I needed the solitude.
The green-eyed guy from our first night here had come back to the park a few times. He was always alone reading a book and would often look my way. But besides that first night, he never acknowledged me.
Exactly a week after we moved into the house, I lay in bed staring up at my ceiling. Once again I couldn’t sleep. I felt anxious and a little confined, like the walls were closing in on me. My self-induced house arrest was beginning to weigh on me.  It was twelve thirty at night and I needed some fresh air.
I grabbed my iPod and sketch pad and tiptoed out of my room and down the stairs. Though my mother had been trying to get me to venture out, I knew she wouldn’t approve of me going out at that time of night. When the front door clicked shut so loudly it sounded like a gunshot in the otherwise quiet house, I winced at the sound. My heart froze in cold, panic. I was sure Mom would hear it and wake up. But after several seconds, with no evidence to that fact, I knew the coast was clear.
I padded across the street, my flip-flops smacking against the pavement, wearing only a white tank and cotton shorts, not really sure where I was headed. But since the park was right there, I found myself in the center of it, between the benches and play equipment. The cold grass curled around my toes as the soft breeze brushed through my unruly, corkscrew hair. I stood motionless, staring up at the cloudless black sky dotted with millions of tiny flecks of twinkling diamonds, awed at both the beauty of what I was seeing and how utterly silent it was. 
I knew from living here for a week that even at this time of night you could hear the drone of cars whizzing by in the surrounding streets, or voices from people strolling by on the sidewalks. But tonight, it was completely soundless. I heard nothing, not even the annoying bark of the neighbor’s poodle that liked to yip at all hours of the night. Even the constant singing of the crickets that had just recently awakened from their winter slumber was silent. It was both eerie and surreal.
I decided to take advantage of the privacy and enjoy. I lay down on the cool grass with the infinite sky above me, taking in the fresh scent of grass and the honeysuckle that grew just inches from my face. I tossed my sketchbook onto the ground and stuck my earbuds in, then hit play. A female voice came on with my favorite song. As the emotional lyrics and breathtaking piano played out, I couldn’t help but sing along and eventually my eyelids drifted closed. I belted out the song along with the artists, knowing that no one would hear me. I was alone in the world tonight. This park belonged to me and no one was out to care about my lack of singing ability or how loud I bellowed. It was liberating, doing something so careless, without worrying about the consequences or being embarrassed. The music flooded my ears and then my mind. All I could see was the blackness of my closed eyelids. The song took me away from unwanted thoughts, of the faces that appeared in my sleep, and the boy who broke my heart. The music consumed me. “I want you to stay,” I sang along, and then fell silent because that was the only sentence I knew. And when it came around again I chanted once more. “I want you to stayahhah,” I yelled out, and then opened my eyes to gaze at the glimmering stars above me—but that was not what I saw.
Two hazel eyes, shining with laughter, stared down at me. Attached to those eyes was a head full of thick auburn hair and a handsome face with sharp lines and a strong jaw. The guy was about my age and his lips were twitching as he fought laughter.
Since I was expecting to see the sky, his sudden appearance was too much for my mind to comprehend. My heart leap-frogged into my throat and I screamed bloody murder. The shrill scream echoed around me, almost shaking the leaves on the trees that surrounded us. The face that hovered above me washed with horror and disappeared from my view.
I took the chance and sprang up, dancing around like a prize fighter, searching for my intruder, but he was gone—I was alone in the empty park.


Acknowledgments

Thank you to my mother and mother-in-law, who each took a turn at editing. I really appreciate it. 
Thank you to Ronnell Porter for creating such an awesome cover and to Christine LePorte for doing the final edit.







About the Author


Christina Smith grew up in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, and after getting married, she moved to a small rural town in the country. She lives there with her husband, Brad, two kids, Josh and Megan, and their dog, Bailey. Even though the house is peaceful, surrounded by nature and the occasional deer, she’s still a city girl at heart. She misses civilization and often visits her mother and two sisters.

Christina spends a lot of free time writing and has numerous ideas for future novels for both young adult and adult fiction. 

Catch up with Christina for more information about her books on:

Twitter @CSmithbooks

Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/christina.smith.7161953 or Christina Smith-Author


Christina’s website: http://christinasmithauthor.com/




