





Slow Dancing
by
USA Bestselling Author
Suzanne Jenkins
Slow Dancing
by Suzanne Jenkins
Slow Dancing. Copyright © 2014 by
Suzanne Jenkins. All rights reserved.
Created in digital format in the United States of America. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations in blog posts and articles and in reviews.
Slow Dancing is complete and total work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Praise for Slow Dancing

“Suzanne Jenkins entertains her readers in Slow Dancing with betrayal, lies, who done its and it will keep you guessing until the end. Great characters make this one a must read 5 solid stars.” 

“I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Set in more contemporary times, this book has a number of clever plot twists that keep it moving along. I found it delightful to read, hard to put down. And very much about the fact family doesn't have to be blood related and people you trust don't always deserve the trust you put in them. Just an awesome book I plan to read again.”

“I truly thought that this was a great story. It showed the lengths that people can go to for love, jealousy, and honor. I thought that the stepdad was truly a great man to take on the responsibility of his step child. What a marvelous job he did, even with the odds against him. It showed how rumors can have devastating effects on people's lives. But all and all I truly loved the book and would recommend it to friends.”


There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Friedrich Nietzsche
Chapter 1
Fifteen-year-old Ellen MacPherson sat on a wooden step off the porch of her house in Seymour, Alabama. It was getting late, after eleven, her stepfather Frank watching the news in the living room just behind her. The smell of beer wafted out of the screen door while he listened for the weather report, familiar and comforting voices echoing out onto the porch. The light from the TV cast a blue glow through the window, competing with the yellow lamplight from the street. Their front lawn stretched to the river’s edge, the smooth, green expanse broken by a thread of dirt road. She waited for Frank to shut the lights off in the house so she could watch the fireflies, the light from the moon revealing the disturbance in the water as the bugs hit its surface. When she first saw the pings make concentric circles on the smooth sheet of the river, she thought they were fish coming up for air, but Frank said it was the bugs.
“Watch careful,” he said. “You’ll see the bugs hit the water, and the rings travel away from where it hit.” She did as he said, and sure enough, the bugs came in for a drink. The circles drifted out from the center, stronger at first until they faded away, back into the smooth surface of the river.
She heard the TV switch off. “I guess I’m goin’ to bed, Ellen. Don’t stay up too late.” She turned around to look at him standing in the door behind her, just as he glanced over at the woods, concerned leaving her, but wanting to show her he understood she was growing up and needed time alone.
“I won’t Frank. Night,” she replied. He turned the lights off in the house but left the one over the kitchen stove on so she could see her way back in the house when she was ready. With the dim, yellow light coming from the streetlamp, the black outline of the trees to the right of their property came into focus. The neat lawn stopped at the woods; tall oak and pine trees with little underbrush. Sunlight didn’t penetrate deeply enough to support undergrowth, and the trees grew so tightly packed together that it was difficult to walk through. Ellen had lived next to the woods as long as she could remember and she knew what was on the other side, downriver.
The thread of the road ended in front of her house, at the woods. Every so often, a car would come down the road and stop at the woods. The driver would look around confused, put the car into reverse, back up onto their lawn, and drive off again. Rarely, someone would come up to the door and ask for directions, but neither Frank nor Ellen knew much about the area beyond the village, even after living there all of their lives, so they were of no help. They went to town to buy food, Ellen to school, and Frank to his garage. That was about it.
When Margaret was alive, they drove to Hallowsbrook to visit her, in the town of Beauregard. Ellen normally didn’t want to think about Hallowsbrook, built on the same river she was looking at now in front of their house, ten miles downriver. But when she got melancholy, she liked to remember what it was like to get ready on visiting day.
Frank would wake her up earlier than usual on Saturday, the one day they had to sleep in. He’d have her breakfast made, and it was always something special; pancakes or corn muffins or scrambled eggs with cheese and biscuits. She’d walk into the kitchen, and Frank would be dressed with his suspenders on, his white shirt draped over the back of the chair. The ironing board would be down from the wall where it was stored in its own recessed cabinet. Standing at the ironing board, he’d be ironing one of her pretty dresses; something with a full skirt. They dressed as if they were going to a party when they visited Margaret. He always asked Ellen the same thing.
“You ready for this, sister?” and she’d nod her head and say the same thing she always said.
“Ready as I’ll ever be.” 
Since she was just a little child she’d say the same thing, and Frank laughed. It was the way they’d get through the ordeal. Frank tried to do everything he could to soften it for her; the breakfast, the pretty clothes, shopping when they left the hospital, even a movie if she wanted it. But more often than not they’d be so exhausted, Ellen would reach over the seat from the back and tap Frank on the shoulder. 
“I guess I want to go home,” she’d say, and he’d nod and look at her in the rearview mirror.
“Me, too. I reckon we both had enough adventure for one day.”
Finally, in March right before Ellen turned fifteen, Margaret died suddenly. It was a relief. Although in the weeks preceding her death Margaret appeared to be getting better, it must have been just a smokescreen. Several months after she was admitted, she ceased acknowledging them half the time, and eventually they stopped trying to engage her.
“We visit just so the nurses know she’s cared about,” Frank said. “They’ll know once a month someone will come to see she’s okay. That’s why we gotta mix up the times, not let ‘em anticipate it.” 
They’d walk into her room and look at her skin and her hands, make sure her nails were nice and her hair was clean. She was well taken care of; they didn’t need to worry after all, but still were untrusting. They’d sit with her in silence until someone brought her lunch. She’d feed herself, which hit home to Ellen. If she can feed herself, why won’t she look at me? She asked Frank about it.
“Margaret’s a lunatic, sister. Don’t take it personal if you can help it. She checked out long ago. We kept ‘er home as long as we could, but it ain’t fair to you when she got bad and started wanderin’ off.” 
Ellen looked out the window as they drove. It wasn’t so terrible, having a mother locked up, out of town. Not many people in the village who knew the real details about it; that Margaret got sick shortly after she and Frank were married and the mechanic had his hands full taking care of her and her toddler, and those that did know never spoke of it to their faces.     
Gossips embellished the story with cruel lies about Margaret, that she was a kleptomaniac or worse. Word got back to the family that people in town said Frank was a better parent than Margaret ever could be, but when Ellen was old enough to understand, she didn’t think that was fair. How’d they know? She could feel that way, but didn’t want others to say it. She and Frank made a pact that they’d never speak ill of Margaret to others. To each other, anything was fair game. But if someone would dare to say anything untoward, they planned to look to the ground and sniff, like tears were near the surface. It worked every time.
After a few months of responding in this way, no one inquired after Margaret again. “It’ll make ‘em too sad if you ask,” people around town whispered. It was as if she had died long before it really happened.
Ellen, brooding, so out of character, had teenaged angst. She tried to reason it away, but couldn’t. Her mother dying might have had a little bit to do with it, but she disregarded the idea. 
There isn’t much to look forward to, she thought. Her school friends got summer jobs in Beauregard; waitress jobs and babysitting jobs. Finally, she asked Frank if he’d let her come work at the garage.
“I can answer the phone,” she said. “Check people in. I’m gettin’ too old for a babysitter, and Mrs. Edwards is gettin’ too old to babysit.” He chuckled while he rubbed his chin, thinking. It made sense letting her come into to town. He didn’t want her alone all day; the thought frightening him.
“Just for the summer, now, not during school. You got to do good in school so you can go to college,” he said.
“What’ll you do if I leave for college?” Ellen asked. The thought of leaving him alone frightened her more than going away.
“I reckon the same thing I’ve been doing all along. Goin’ to work and waitin’ fer you.” They laughed out loud. Then seriously, he frowned. “You keep gettin’ good grades, sister. You’re a smart girl. No point in hanging around this place jus’ cause you grew up here.”
“You stayed! What good did college do you?” she asked. He went to college for four years so he could take over his father’s auto garage.
“If I’d gone away, I’d never met you and Margaret. So you need to go to college, regardless.”
“Not too far, though,” she said. “I want to come home each night, like I was workin’ a job in the next town.”
“We’ll see about it,” Frank answered.
By the middle of June, the routine was set. She got up with Frank as usual, but instead of sitting with him while he had his coffee, she had a cup, too. He’d put her bicycle into the back of his truck so she could leave a little earlier to start dinner each day, and they would drive off to town together. Ellen loved being in the garage right from the start. It smelled like clean oil and cigar smoke.
“How’s oil smell clean?” her best friend, Marisa Dalton asked.
“You can tell it’s from the earth,” she replied.
“But the earth isn’t clean,” Marisa would argue. “You need to come with me to Dairy Bar. I made six dollars in tips Sunday afternoon.” But Ellen didn’t want to be away from Frank; spending the day at the garage with him had always felt right to her. Since she was little, walking home from school and waiting for him at the garage was something she looked forward to.
The oil smell and the bubble gumball machine Frank polished up each week and refilled with colorful, shiny gumballs were memories from the childhoods of the children whose parents brought their cars in for repair. The garage was in the center of town, on the same side of the street as the auto supply store and Miss Logan’s Beauty Parlor and across the street from the post office, the grocery store and the café. Frank set up a low table and chairs with coloring books and crayons for the children to use while they waited, a fresh box every week. At the end of the week, he dumped the broken bits of crayon into a big metal can bolts originally came in and although a few children liked using the new crayons, most children preferred the nubs, sifting through the big can to choose just the right color. Frank papered the window facing the beauty parlor with the most recent works of coloring book art. Women getting their hair done inside would brag about their child’s page of coloring book drawings.
“That’s my Wendy’s elephant in Frank’s window today!” Whenever Frank had time, he’d box up the drawings left behind and drop them off at the local nursing home, to distribute among the residents.
For the adult customers, instead of the typical row of uncomfortable chairs with ripped vinyl seats like other garages had, he set up a bigger table and chairs, and an electric coffee pot. In the center of the table, a neat pile of current magazines he picked up at Family-Owned waited for customers to look through. Every hour he faithfully made a fresh pot of coffee. When Ellen came to work, she asked him if he’d like her to make the coffee.
“No, no, that’s all right, I’ll keep doin’ it,” he answered. “When school starts again and you leave, I’ll forget and the coffee will get thick and black and smell up the place.” She knew what he meant. Once, when she was thirteen, she got her hair cut at Miss Logan’s and the first thing she noticed when she went into the beauty parlor, above the rank ammonia smell of the hair dye and the chemicals women used to put permanent curls in their hair, was the odor of old coffee. She thought it was odd that her mechanic father kept his coffee pot shining clean and used good coffee and real cream, a little half pint carton set in a bowl of ice. Yet in a beauty shop with a bunch of women, they’d have horrible powdered junk to lighten coffee often left over from the day before. Customers coming into the garage remarked that they patronized Frank’s Garage because it was so clean and Frank made the best coffee in town.
Frank put a stool behind the counter for Ellen. He never needed one because he didn’t have time to sit down. He’d finish with a car and walk behind the counter to write the bill, and then after the customer paid he went back out into the garage to work on the next car. Now that Ellen was there, he’d walk into the office and write the bill, but give it over to Ellen who’d take the payment while Frank lotioned his hands up. “When you go back to school, my hands are gonna miss this care,” he said, teasing.
While she waited for customers to come in, Ellen read. She always brought a book with her and when she finished whatever little tasks Frank found for her to do that day; sorting nuts and bolts into their proper bins, or transcribing sales receipts into a ledger, she took her book and went back to the counter to read. Sometimes he’d have her come into the garage, which was her favorite place, and she’d do inventory of the belts and parts and other items necessary to keep an auto repair garage in business. At four each day, he’d come into the office and say the same thing. “You about ready to call it a day, sister?” She’d hop down from the stool.
“Okay, I guess it’s time,” she’d answer. He’d watch her put her helmet on, buckling the strap snuggly under her chin, and he’d resist the temptation to check it for safety.
“Be careful, now, you hear? Walk your bike across First Street, and stay up on the sidewalk as far as you can.” Ellen smiled, didn’t get ornery or defensive the way some kids got when their parents fussed. She knew he was just worried about her. “And please call when you git home.” She never forgot to call; the moment she unlocked the door and went into the house, she reached for the phone. If he couldn’t get to the phone, she’d holler into the answering machine so that her voice echoed throughout the garage.
“I’m home, Frank!” He’d grin at the car he was working on and when he got a chance always called back.
They’d have stayed in this mode of mutual love and respect forever, if it hadn’t been for that one summer night when she couldn’t sleep. After the lights went off in the house, and she saw that he’d left the light on above the stove for her, she put her head down on her knees and swept a little sand that had accumulated on the step into a pile. Meditatively, she swirled the pile into a design, first this way and then that, until she was almost mesmerized, sure she could go to sleep as soon as she could get the gumption to go inside for the night. When she started to lift her head, she knew.
The hair on her arms rose up, and the goose bumps appeared on her skin; someone was there. She could feel the difference in the way the air was coming off the water. Too afraid to move, to turn her head to look, she waited until her heart slowed down from the racing pace to which it had climbed, her throat dry, closing up so that screaming for Frank wasn’t an option. She got the courage to slowly turn her head while keeping it down on her knees, and that’s when she saw him. He was on the edge of the woods, just at the bank of the river. Having crept out of the woods, or along the bank, she could clearly see the outline of a tall, lanky man, watching her in the moonlight. His was a black silhouette, but the moonlight shone on his head as a beam of light.
With speed and precision, she leapt up from the porch and opened the screen, slamming the big door shut and locked it while she yelled for her stepfather, her voice trembling. “Frank!” There in seconds, dressed in t-shirt and sweatpants, handgun in his right hand, he grasped her arm.
“There’s someone out there,” she breathed. He went to the door and looked out the four by six inch window at eye level, automatically looking to the wood line, but seeing nothing.
“No one’s there now,” he said. “No one I can see. Man or woman?”
“Man, I’m pretty sure it was a man. He was right at the river edge, right by the big pine.” 
A tall pine tree towered over the rest, its roots in the soft embankment of the river so the weight of the tree was slowly pulling it over, but it was still the tallest tree.
“Stand back, stay inside,” he said, gently pulling her around behind him as he unlocked the door and opened it. 
Stepping out on the porch, he looked close to the house before scanning the wood line and the riverbank, but nothing popped out. “It looks like the coward retreated into the trees.” He turned to her.
“You okay?” She nodded. “It’s a durn shame a person can’t sit on their own porch after dark.” He came inside and locked up the door again. “No need to be frightened now. I’ll see to the windows and doors if you want to go back to your room.” 
She nodded her head. Tonight, they’d sleep with the doors to their rooms open. He called out for her, asking permission to come into her room to check the window, low and facing the front of the house.
“Just as a precaution, tonight I’m gonna pull your dresser in front of this window,” he said.
“Okay,” she answered, watching him work. Slowly, the fear the interloper instilled in her was fading; she was safe in her own house and her stepfather wouldn’t allow anyone to harm her.
Chapter 2
The next morning, Frank called the postmistress, Jessie. “I have a big favor to ask, to one as busy as yourself,” he said, chuckling.
“Go fer it, Frankie,” Jessie answered. “I ain’t got all day.”
“Can you write a note that I’ll be in at nine-thirty today and tape it to my door? I got a small job that I got to attend to here before I come into town.” She agreed to it, to tape a hand-lettered sign in her neat penmanship.
Frank be late today. Not exactly what he had asked for, but close enough, and people in town knew what it meant.
He was standing at the stove frying potatoes when Ellen came out. “Sorry about last night, Frank,” she said. “Think my imagination must be gettin’ the best of me.”
“No, no. You did the right thing. Intuition saved many a life, I reckon.” She went to the coffee pot and poured two cups. “I’m going out to look at the river’s edge after breakfast.”
“What about the garage?” she asked.
“Jessie’ gonna put a note up,” he answered. “This is more important for now.” They ate in silence, the possibility that someone meant to do Ellen harm foremost in Frank’s mind. He wasn’t sure what she thought, and didn’t want to alarm her. When they were finished, he adjusted the holster attached to his belt and stood up to put their dishes in the sink.
“I’ll get those, Frank,” she said.
“No, I will. It’s my job to do the morning dishes.” He was a creature of habit, but more, didn’t want Ellen to think her lot in life was to wash up after a man, even her stepfather. “I’ll take care of it when I come back in.”
“I’m going with you,” she said. 
He paused for a moment, doubtful at first but then seeing the wisdom in it. It might be good for her to go, to see exactly where the man stood. It was dry last night, so footprints in the sand should be visible. They walked out the door together, pausing at the house to survey the formal garden that surrounded it; beautiful roses, peonies and perennials that bloomed throughout the summer months and into the autumn, annuals they planted together, and an herb garden; herbs like sage, said to protect the people who lived within. Ellen bent over to pull sheep sorrel out of the herb bed.
“A vicious, invasive weed, delicious sautéed in olive oil,” Frank said, all traces of his Alabama accent gone. Ellen laughed out loud.
“Yes!” They walked to the wood line, the edge of the forest that bordered their property. It was never a scary place; as a child she’d set up her little tent there with friends each summer, a perfect, quiet place away from the adults to play Barbie. Now, not so sure, she didn’t think she’d feel safe out after dark ever again.
“I wish we could put up a fence,” she said, shaking her head.
“Haft’ to be awful high though,” he said. “Haft’ to have barbed wire on top. When it gets that bad here, we best move away.”
“This is it,” she said when they reached the area. “I think this is where he stood.” 
They were careful not to step off the lawn, because clearly, right under the big pine, a line of large footprints were visible in the sand, the edge just beginning to be lapped up by the water as the gentle tide came in. It looked like whoever it was had walked along the water’s edge, to avoid the forest.
“Where did he come from?”
“I’m going to call the sheriff before we do anything else,” Frank said. 
He wanted to follow the footprints, to discover their origin. He looked up across the river at the opposing bank. It was desolate across the river, directly in front of their place; there were more cottages upriver, less down. The woods were thicker on the other side, the current was swift, and there was no dock or place to tie up unless the boater used a tree. He doubted whoever it was came from across the way, but crept along the river’s edge from the same side.
“You go on now, find something to do. I don’t want my conversation upsettin’ you,” he said when they got to the house. 
She smiled at him, but didn’t argue. It was making her queasy, the thought that her imagination wasn’t playing tricks. A stranger possibly wanting to do her harm had taken the trouble to make his way along the desolate coastline to spy on her.
“Okay,” she said. “I’ll go read awhile.” He nodded at her and waited until she was out of sight to call the sheriff. Well known in the county as a reliable and trustworthy auto mechanic, Frank did the work the county needed on many of their patrol cars. So when he called with a dilemma, they took him seriously. It was the first time he’d needed to call in years, since Margaret disappeared into the woods one day ten years ago.

***

The three of them, five-year-old Ellen included, were in the yard puttering, watering the roses and pulling weeds. When Frank stood up, Ellen was beside him but Margaret was gone, the hose with the precious water still running left on the ground. He looked in the house and then taking Ellen by the hand, walked to the river’s edge, just in case. It didn’t look like she’d gone for a dip, so they proceeded to the woods. Holding Ellen’s hand, they walked as far as they could into the forest, until the trees grew so close together he couldn’t get between them.
“Okay, I guess she’s not in here,” he said, smiling down at Ellen, not wanting to scare her. “Let’s git’ back to the house and make a few calls. Maybe she went to see her friend, Mary.”
“Momma doesn’t like Mary,” Ellen said, frowning. This was news to Frank.
“No? Why’d you say that?”
“She said Mary got the cooties,” Ellen said, obviously repeating what she’d heard Margaret say. 
Frank turned away, frowning. Margaret’s use of the word cootie to her five-year-old daughter transcended inappropriateness in spite of its truthfulness; he tended to agree with his wife.
“Oh, well maybe momma didn’t feel good when she said it,” Frank explained making an excuse for her. He was going to call Mary regardless. He reached out for Ellen’s hand. “Come on, sister, let’s get inside.” 
Then, on second thought, he reached down and scooped her up. She yelped with glee. When they got inside the house, he put her down. 
“Run along now, darlin’, go on and play for a while.” 
She did as she was told and ran off to her room. He picked up the kitchen phone and dialed the sheriff’s office.
“Boyd here,” Boyd Dalton said when he answered the phone.
“It’s Frank McPherson, Boyd. I gotta slight problem here,” he said. “Margaret done took off again, but this time she did it right under our nose. I turned my back for a second and she was gone.”
“Okay, I’ll come out,” Boyd replied. They said good-bye and hung up. Frank walked to the back of the house to the bedrooms to get Ellen. It was a tiny house, cottage style.
Frank’s father built it after the war, and when he died, Frank left the apartment above the garage and moved back to his childhood home. Two months later, he met Margaret and her baby daughter, Ellen.

***

Margaret Fisher’s car, a vintage Buick, broke down as she was driving from Saint Augustine to Galveston. She just made it into the village limits when it started to spit, the engine sputtering for seconds until it died. She looked in her review mirror as it came to a rolling stop. Ellen was just two years old, in her little car seat, smiling and shaking a toy at her mother.
“Momma, go!” she said leaning forward.
“Nope, can’t do it. The car is broken, sweetheart. We have to stop here, unfortunately.” She looked around the dusty street and saw the line of storefronts, the gas station and the post office, and across the street, the blue painted cement block building with a neon sign out front spelling Frank’s Garage. “Thank God, there’s a garage.” She got out of the car and opened the back door, reaching in to unbuckle her toddler from the car seat.
“Walk!” Ellen hollered squirming to get down. On the sidewalk, Margaret put her daughter down.
“You have to hold my hand, honey,” she said, gripping her child’s hand, the terror of a dream she’d had the previous night in which unseen forces, still vivid in her memory, took the baby from her. Ellen didn’t fight her, staying close by. Locking the car, Margaret wasn’t sure what sort of town this was, whether she and her belongings were safe or not.
Looking around the area, Margaret saw an old-fashioned place, quaint almost; a throw back to another time with a café in the center of town and a small, family-owned grocery store crowded with locals, the sign out front; Family-Owned Grocery Store. She chuckled, first noting the women chatting with each other on the sidewalk and then, more sobering, groups of motley looking men sitting along a wooden bench near the entrance. They were waiting to assist shoppers as they packed their cars. She decided if she lived there, she could never shop for food at a place that hired such intimidating help, not knowing the men were indigents the storeowners allowed to work for tips. When she reached Frank’s, a customer was just leaving and he held the door for her to enter, smiling at her. Frank was still behind the counter.
“Help you?” he asked.
“My car just broke down, luckily, practically right outside of your door.” She pointed to the car across the street, and Frank came around to the front of the counter to look out the window.
“Let’s take a look,” he said. Just then, Ellen looked up at him and with her free hand, grabbed his.
“Dada,” she said. Margaret burst out laughing. Frank stopped in his tracks and looked down at the little girl, clearly moved.
“Oh, sorry! Pay no attention. She’s at the age where every man is daddy,” Margaret said, chuckling. And then under her breath, “I’m not married to her father.” 
A raise of her eyebrows and a grin said it all. She wasn’t married to anyone. Frank, not used to being flirted with and ignorant of the ways of women, took the little girl’s hand, sure his face was red.
“This yers?” he said, nodding his head toward the car and she said yes. “Better stay up on the sidewalk now.” Gently withdrawing his hand from Ellen’s and giving it to Margaret, he reached over and popped the hood. He looked it over, but couldn’t see anything obvious.
“Why not go get something to drink at the café and I’ll pull it into the shop to take a closer look.” 
She agreed and walked away from him after giving her car keys over. She made sure she walked with just a hint of wiggle, and turned slightly to see if he was watching her. But he was already on the phone, calling Paul’s Auto Supply asking for help to push the Buick into the shop. Margaret wasn’t used to being ignored; she got plenty of attention from men, so his disinterest fired something within her that would help keep her in the small town for longer than she expected, Galveston put on hold. She would call Alan and let him know there had been a delay. She was going to be stuck in Seymour for a day or two.
She still wasn’t sure how she happened to get there; it was far off the path she was taking, a wrong turn in Mobile probably. “Come on, sweetheart, let’s get some breakfast,” she said to Ellen, who was tired and ready for a nap. 
Margaret picked Ellen up and with her head on Margaret’s shoulder, fell asleep quickly. No doubt tired from the previous night, after pulling over to the side of the road when she’d realized she was lost, they slept in the car with doors locked. In the morning, she drove to a gas station to use the ladies room and get a wash up. 
Now she had no idea where she was, exhausted with a broken down car. But Margaret never got disheartened. It was her nature to look to at the bright side of everything. When she sat down, the sleeping Ellen slid down to her lap, Margaret cradling her with an arm while she drank coffee and ate eggs and toast. She’d ordered an egg sandwich for Ellen to eat when she woke up. The waitress, a young woman named Mary, was a talker.
“You just get into town?” she asked. 
When Margaret explained what happened with the car, the woman launched into Frank’s history, he was a bachelor all the single women in town had eyes for, but he wasn’t interested. No one said out loud that he might be a homosexual, although some of the women wondered secretly. 
“In high school, he dated the same girl till he left for college.” Margaret frowned; where she came from it was inappropriate to guess about someone’s sexuality. Either you were, or you weren’t. Maybe, hopefully, he wasn’t.
“He’s got his own little place down by the river, a real gem of a piece of property, and he owns that building the garage is in. You see how he looks; we women around these parts wait all summer for Frank to take his shirt off and work in his t-shirt. It raises the temperature a few degrees, let me tell you.” Margaret looked out the window, across the street to the garage. The door opened to the bay and she could see the back of her car but not the activity.
“How old is he?” Margaret asked Mary, now more than curious.
“He graduated high school the year I started. So he must be about thirty,” she said, sideling up to Margaret. “Don’t you think he’s dreamy?”
“I haven’t given it much thought,” Margaret said, thinking about nothing else but the handsome business owner with his own house on the river. “What’s the rent like in town?” She finished breakfast just as Ellen stirred.
“Not bad. You lookin’ to stay?” Mary said, interested. Margaret shrugged her shoulders, not willing to reveal anything about her history or motives to a stranger, not even knowing herself what the next hour would bring.
“Let’s find a ladies room, okay sweetheart?” Mary pointed to the back of the café. Margaret and Ellen walked between the tables, diners curious about her, the men glancing up at her face after taking in her figure and she didn’t miss their interest.
While in the bathroom, she dug out her wallet from her purse and counted cash. She had exactly fifteen hundred dollars. It was her savings from her secretary job, enough to get her and Ellen to Galveston and have a little nest egg in case it didn’t work out with Alan, or if he didn’t have money for her after all and she needed to move on or get back to Saint Augustine. Now this darn car thing; hopefully it wouldn’t cost too much to fix. She looked in the mirror and reapplied her lipstick, then washed up Ellen’s hands and face.
“Let’s go sweetheart. Let’s see if that car of ours is going to get us out of town today.” They left the restaurant waving to a disappointed Mary, and crossed the street. She walked through the bay door of the garage and saw Frank standing over the engine compartment with a tool in his hand.
“Hi,” he said. “It’s gonna to take me longer than today to fix this. You gotta place to stay tonight?” She shook her head.
“No. I don’t even know where I am. We got lost back at the river.” He nodded his head. People were known to take a wrong turn in Mobile, ending up in town as a result.
“Mary over at the café rents out rooms in her house. You want I call her for you?”
“No, that’s okay. I’ll go back and ask her myself. We were just talking, her and me,” Margaret said.
“Come back in an hour. I should have a better idea how long it’s gonna take by then.” She nodded at him, finally catching his eye. He’d looked at her beautiful face and huge blue eyes, auburn hair tumbling over her shoulders. She saw the admiration in his eyes and smiled back, giving him the approval he needed to keep looking.
“Okay, bye for now,” she said.
Ellen waved. “Bye bye, dada.”
Frank chuckled and waved to her. “Good bye.”
Margaret walked back across the street to the café. It was past breakfast and the space had cleared out. Mary was wiping down a table when she looked up as Margaret came back, and couldn’t help but smile.
“Frank tells me you might rent a room for the night. Looks like my old car is going to take longer than we thought to repair.”
“Yes! I’m the only place to lay your head in Seymour. I have a crib, too,” she said, suppressing her excitement that Margaret and Ellen were going to stay. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out a key and a card with an address on it. “That’s my only key, so hold tight to it. Go on over now if you want. You both look tired. Your room is right off the living room. The one with the crib. You can freshen up and have a rest. It’s right down that street, to the left.” She pointed to the street next to the beauty parlor. Five oh five First.”
“Thank you so much,” Margaret said. 
The thought of a cool place to sit with her child was heavenly. Taking the card, they left the café again and proceeded down the street. It occurred to her that Mary was pretty dumb to hand a house key over to a stranger. What if she was a burglar? The lock was stubborn, but she got it open, and the cool air inside rushed out at them. When they went inside the house, she understood why she’d hand over a key; it really was a rooming house with no personal objects around or anything of value that could be stolen. It made Margaret feel better for some reason. It appeared Mary didn’t have much more than she did.
“House?” Ellen asked, and Margaret confirmed it. “House.”
“Let’s walk back to the garage and get our suitcase,” Margaret said. Frank was standing in front of the auto parts store talking to the owner Paul, when he saw her walking towards him, the sight of her rendering him speechless for a moment.
“I need my suitcase,” she said demurely, looking up into his eyes.
“Suitcase,” Ellen repeated. They laughed, walking back to the garage. Frank opened the trunk of her car so she could get a bag out, and feeling its weight, offer to carry it back to Mary’s for her.
They didn’t talk as they walked side by side, Margaret carrying Ellen on her hip. But if they had admitted what they were thinking they’d have been surprised that it was similar thoughts. Margaret imagined the kind of couple they made; people would take notice. Frank thought of the empty cottage he’d recently moved to, filled with a ready-made family. They arrived at Mary’s but he didn’t linger explaining he had to get back because he’d left the shop open. It was that kind of town; you could leave your business wide open and it would be safe.
The rest of the day Margaret and Ellen spent dozing, playing, and chatting. At three, Mary came home with a bag of sandwiches for their dinner. A door at the back of the living room led to her personal apartment, and Margaret was happy to see that Mary’s space wasn’t quite so Spartan after all.
“I’ll charge you seven dollars a day. No food allowed in the rooms because of bugs, but you can have space in the kitchen. You can use my washer and dryer ‘cause of the little one. Does that sound like a deal?” She was willing to let them stay with her free of charge if it would mean having Margaret close by. Margaret nodded and smiled; it was more than fair.
“What do I owe you for dinner?” Margaret asked.
“It’s on the house,” Mary said. “I can bring home food from the café from time to time if there are leftovers that won’t keep for the next day. If you’re going to be here for a few days, I’ll bring something home each afternoon if you want me to, should save you on your food bill.”
“Okay, thank you.” She didn’t think it would take longer than the next day to fix her car, but it was better to have something lined up, just in case. A knock at the door brought Mary to her feet; she rarely had guests but when it rained, it poured. Surprisingly, it was Frank.
“Hey there, Frankie,” Mary said. Frank grimaced at the use of the name, but good naturedly, as Mary stepped aside to let him pass by.
“Can I talk to Margaret?” Mary waved him on.
“Follow me; we’re back in the kitchen.” His eyes visibly brightened up when he saw Margaret and Ellen. Ellen was standing at a chair running the bowl of a spoon back and forth, like it was a car. He chuckled, the sight of the little girl making him happy for some reason.
“She likes cars, eh?” he asked.
“I didn’t bring enough toys for her, obviously,” Margaret said.
“Your car should be ready tomorrow afternoon. Sorry it’s takin’ me so long to get a part. I have to wait for delivery tomorrow.”
“I get it,” she said. “It’s no problem at all.”
“Have a seat, Frankie,” Mary said. “Have dinner with us. Just leftovers from the café.”
“Okay, it sounds better than what I was gonna have, that’s for sure.” The women waited for him to tell them what it was. “A can of Pork and Beans.”
“Ew!” They cried in unison, laughing. “You’d better eat with us.” They chatted until the sun came around to the other side of the house, taking turns holding Ellen, sharing stories. Margaret asked questions, getting the others to talk about themselves.
“It’s about time for this young lady to go to bed,” Margaret said, reaching for Ellen who was rubbing her eyes. “If you’ll excuse me?” Frank stood up and nodded at her. Mary was excited that she had Frank McPherson in her house, but it looked like he was going to go now that Margaret was going to her room.
“I’d better get back to the garage and lock up,” he said. “If there’s anything left to protect.” He was teasing, of course, the whole town in the habit of leaving things open, trusting, helping. It was just the nature of things. “Thanks for the coffee and sandwich, Mary.” She followed him to the door.
“You don’t need to leave,” she whispered, giving a last effort to engage him. But he wasn’t interested. She thought for a moment that there was a glimmer of something, but it must have been for Margaret’s benefit. He smiled down at her.
“I’d better get goin’, Mary, but thanks. And thanks for taking her in for the night.” He was a nice guy, just not interested in her. She locked the door after him. It was early; she’d fix her hair and go out for the evening, hopeful she’d find someone who was interested.
Chapter 3
The next day, the part needed to repair Margaret’s car didn’t arrive at Paul’s as expected. It was coming from Dallas, so he couldn’t hop in his car and fetch it as he could if it were coming from Mobile. Frank walked over to Mary’s house and knocked on the door. This time, Margaret answered. She was still in her nightgown, and without meaning to, against his will, looking at her aroused him. The gown was of a soft, gauzy fabric, virginal and feminine. The way the fabric swirled around her curves, his imagination took flight. He looked away.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “The part I need didn’t arrive as we expected it would. Won’t be here now until Monday. Don’t blame you none if you’re angry.” She looked down at her hands. A weekend here in this village with kind Mary and handsome Frank wasn’t such a bad thing.
“Have coffee with me,” she said. “I’ll be fine right here at Mary’s place.” He looked at his watch.
“I’m supposed to open up at nine. I’ll make a call.” He went to Mary’s phone, a yellow Princess model with a rotary dial hanging from the wall. He dialed the number of the post office.
“Jessie,” he said when she answered. “Can you do me a favor and put a note on my door that the garage will open today at nine-thirty?” She agreed to do it, so Frank could have coffee with his new friend.
“So yesterday I talked all afternoon about myself. Now you tell me about you,” he said, smiling.
Margaret was a good storyteller. “There’s not much to tell,” she lied. “I work in an office back in Florida. But I needed a break, so we’re headed to Texas to see a friend. It won’t kill me if I alter my plans a little.”
“We’re you born in Florida?”
“Yes, Saint Augustine. The only family I have is an aunt and my brother Peter who is in an asylum there.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Frank said. He was curious why, but too courteous to ask. She didn’t mind telling, though.
“He’s mentally ill. Doesn’t speak or communicate at all. Can’t take care of himself. It’s really rather sad. I’m glad my child is okay. There’s nothing shy about Ellen!”
“No, there sure isn’t,” Frank agreed. “Was your brother always sickly?” Margaret hesitated, grateful.
“I never looked at it like he was sick. But yes, he was always mentally ill. From the time he was a little one, he would hide from our momma, or refuse to eat, or steal. He was devious.” Frank didn’t think any of those things sounded that unusual, especially for a boy, but didn’t offer his opinion.
“Sorry to hear it,” he replied. “Must be difficult on the family.” She nodded her head.
“We coped,” she said. “My momma tried it all; beatings, makin’ him sit in the corner, any punishment you can think of, and finally one day she just gave up.” Frank didn’t want to upset Margaret, so he changed the topic.
“Since it looks like you’re going to be around this weekend, do you want to go to a movie?” She brightened up at the suggestion, Peter forgotten.
“Oh yes, I’d love it!” and then crestfallen, “But what about Ellen?” He paused and then had an idea.
“We’ll go to a drive-in and then she can come with us.”
“Okay, that’s even better,” she said. So their first date was set.
“I’d better get back to the garage.” He dug through his pocket and came up with a business card. It had a cartoon of a man with a blue uniform on, smiling and saluting. At your service! Handing it to her, he told her to call him if she needed anything. He averted his eyes, not wanting to gaze on her in her nightgown again. She was as unselfconscious as could be.
The day went by quickly for Frank. He had another complicated repair in addition to Margaret’s Buick, which sat forlorn, waiting. He was secretly happy the part didn’t show up in the morning deliveries. Back at Mary’s house, Margaret used the Princess phone and left a message for Alan; her car had broken down and she’d be delayed until next week.
She and Ellen were getting cabin fever, so they left in search of a park, finding a nice, grassy area in the center of town, with swings and a duck pond. At lunchtime, they walked to the café, and Mary took her break as soon as the lunch crowd left. She was genuinely happy for Margaret when she told her about the drive-in movie date.
“Having a child really changes the way you spend your social time, I guess,” Mary said. Margaret nodded her head. It surely did.
“But I wouldn’t change anything about my life,” Margaret said. “I love being a mother, and she is the sweetest little girl.” Mary wanted to ask about Ellen’s father. She already could tell Margaret was secretive, holding her personal information close.
“What’s Ellen’s daddy like?” she asked.
“Alan’s okay,” Margaret answered, but was reluctant to elaborate and Mary didn’t press her. She’d learn what she wanted to know in time.
After lunch, Margaret and Ellen went back to Mary’s house for naptime. When her shift was over at the café, Mary returned home with a bag of food containers. They were having roast turkey for dinner, compliments of the village café. Mary put the food away then tiptoed to Margaret and Ellen’s door just as Margaret let out a blood-curdling scream. Opening the door right away, Mary saw her in the throes of what appeared to be a nightmare, while Ellen was snoring softly in the crib, unfazed. Mary went right to the bed, crawling in next to her and put her hands gently on Margaret’s shoulders to shake her.
“Margaret, wake up!” Her eyelids flickered slightly, and finally opened as Mary embraced her.
“I’m awake,” she said, getting up on one elbow, face flushed and eyes shining. “Thank you. I don’t have anyone to wake me up and they have to run their course like dreams do.” Mary nodded her head. She knew the disadvantages to living alone, and suffering through nightmares was definitely one of them. “I’m okay now.”
“I really like you, Margaret. I don’t want you to leave Seymour,” Mary said. Margaret smiled at her.
“That’s really nice to hear. I don’t have any girlfriends where I come from. Not a one. I wonder why that is?” Mary chuckled.
“I bet I know why,” she said. “They’re jealous of you.” Margaret shook her head.
“Aren’t nothing to be jealous of. I got nothing, except Ellen.” She looked over at the sleeping form in the crib.
“Where’s her dad?” Mary asked softly. She was feeling the pain of being alone with a small child.
“Alan’s gone. Never was involved. You know the story I’m sure. I listened to lies and got caught. I was just glad my folks was dead. They’d ‘ve been so angry with me and I don’t want that anger around my little girl.”
“And you got the girl, that’s a big dividend.” The women nodded their heads, both looking over at the crib. Ellen was worth it. Mary hugged Margaret, and they held each other, lying in bed side by side. Mary smelled Margaret’s hair; it reminded her of the outdoors, cool breezes and grass. Margaret nestled her head in the crook of Mary’s neck, kissing her there.
“Thank you for caring for us,” she said, sighing. “I feel safe here.”
“I’m glad for it,” Mary replied. “It’s nice havin’ you and the little one here.” She pulled back from Margaret and smiled.
“Well, you hungry? We’re having roast turkey with the fixins’ for dinner. If you’d like, I’ll invite Frank.”
“You sure you don’t mind?” Margaret asked, sensitive to what his interest in her might mean to Mary.
“Naw, he’s not interested in me. I’m glad he’s found someone, if you’re the one.” She got up and went to the phone in the kitchen, dialing the garage number by heart. Frank was grateful for the invitation.
“I have to go home and get cleaned up and then I’ll be back,” he said. They’d have dinner together and then go to the drive-in.
The couple enjoyed the movie, sitting across the bench seats with little Ellen in the middle. Around nine, she fell asleep with her head next to Margaret. When the movie was over, Frank drove to a drive-in restaurant on the other side of town for a snack. They drank milkshakes and talked until midnight. Margaret stifled a yawn.
“I better think about heading back to Mary’s,” she said. “Ellen doesn’t know the meaning of sleeping in yet.”
“Okay, I guess you’re right,” Frank said, leaning over to turn the key in the starter. “Thanks for goin’ with me tonight. I guess it’s the first movie I’ve been to in a long while.”
“You’re welcome,” she replied. “I never go myself. No one to go with before Ellen and certainly no one to go with since.” She looked over at Frank, and he was looking at her intently.         
“How’d you feel about takin’ on another man’s child? If it ain’t too early to talk of it.” She’d slipped into her old, comfortable way of talking about half way through the movie. City Margaret segued to country girl Margaret.
“I think it would be mighty fine,” he answered. “I like her very much, seems she’s fond of me, too.” They laughed out loud. “And it definitely is not too early to be talkin’ about such things. At my age, I’m not wastin’ time playin’ games.”
“You don’t know anything about me,” she said. “And I don’t know your age.”
“I’m thirty-one,” he said. “I reckon you’re not older than twenty or twenty-two.” Margaret turned her head. She was over thirty-five, but she wasn’t letting on. 
“You’re close,” she said, smiling. “I don’t like to talk about my age. Is that a problem for you?” He quickly shook his head.
“You could be any age and I won’t care,” he answered. “So I guess I’ll take you back to Mary’s now. Does this mean you’ll be sticking around? Or do I have to drag out the car repairs for a little longer?”
“I’ll be staying here, I guess,” she said, smiling. “I like it here.” He smiled back at her and pulled out of the parking space. When they got to Mary’s, he carried Ellen into the house and helped Margaret get her ready for bed and into the crib.
“I’ll talk to you tomorrow,” he said, bending over to kiss her on the cheek. She put her arms around his shoulders and hugged him, letting her body cover the length of his.
“Thank you, Frank,” she whispered. “Thank you so much.”
Chapter 4
After Ellen and Frank discovered the footprints in the sand, the sheriff didn’t waste any time getting to the McPherson place. He and his deputy looked around and decided to call a forensic team to make impressions of the footprints, just in case.
“Don’t want to regret that we didn’t do this if the person shows up again.”
Frank grimaced, frowning at Boyd. “Please, keep yer voice down,” he said under his breath, nodding toward Ellen who was standing at the counter making a fresh pot of coffee. She perked right up.
“So you’re thinkin’ there’s a chance he’ll come back,” she said, frightened. She’d stopped pouring water into the coffee maker, concerned, looking at Frank and Boyd. Frank had an I warned you look on his face, and he let Boyd answer.
“Oh no, no, no, that’s not what I meant. He might be peeping on other families in the area, that’s all. Best we have casts of his footprints in case he does it someplace else, then we’ll have something to compare it to.” That explanation seemed to satisfy her and she went back to measuring water.
Once the casts were made and the sheriff and his deputy and the forensic workers left, Ellen and Frank decided that no good would come to them if they hung around all day, stewing. “Let’s go to town,” Ellen said. “You got work to do and I could use a change of scene.” Bypassing the bike, she would ride home with Frank for today.
When they arrived at the garage, Mary was waiting for them. “You two goofing off today?” Frank shook his head.
“We had an intruder on the land last night,” he said as he unlocked the door for Ellen. There was no reason to hide it, he decided. The more people who knew, the better.
“Oh my! That sounds so foreboding. Did you have the sheriff out?” He nodded his head.
“Just now. There’s nothin’ they can do, of course. But we wanted it on record, just in case.” He nodded his head over toward Ellen and made a “shush” sound. Mary caught on and nodded in return, following him into the office. Ellen was frowning, watching the two of them, concerned Frank might succumb to Mary’s flirtation now that Margaret was dead. But she needn’t have worried. He’d never look at another woman again after Margaret, and it was certainly too soon to even consider it, her being gone just a few months. Especially not Mary.
But in spite of Frank discouraging her, Mary had never given up flirting and coming on to him steadily since Margaret was committed. The day Margaret disappeared ten years ago, when five-year-old Ellen revealed that Margaret said Mary had cooties, the sheriff came out right away that day, too. They took a picture of Margaret; the most recent one Frank had and went back to town to file a missing person’s report. With Margaret’s history and all, they didn’t want to waste any time. By now, Frank knew a lot more about her, knew it was Margaret who was mentally ill, who spent time in a mental hospital, and not the fictitious brother, Peter. Margaret, who just happened by in a car with a burned out motor, on her way from Saint Augustine to only she knew where with a toddler, would steal Frank’s heart.
The positive part was that she functioned at a very responsible rate most of the time. For the three years they were together, Frank learned the warning signs when life was getting to be too much for her, and if he was swift to take action on her behalf, nothing bad ever happened. She learned to trust him, to tell him if she needed an outing or some fun or more of his attention, and usually if he gave her what she said she needed, she’d be fine. On the rare occasion, when all of those things failed to comfort her, thirty days in Hallowsbrook with intense psychotherapy and drugs were somewhat beneficial until she was discharged, good as new for a brief time.
At first, during those thirty day bouts, Mary would watch little Ellen for Frank in the afternoon when she got off her shift at the cafe. She offered to keep the child overnight, but he wanted her home with him, and she wanted to be home. One day however, Ellen overheard Mary whispering to someone on the phone, using the words, something not right between stepfather and stepdaughter, and little Ellen repeated it to her stepfather as soon as she could. 
Frank refused all Mary’s offers of help after that, the implication was so seedy, so disgusting. Bringing the child to work with him, Frank and little Ellen became a novelty in town. When it was too hot to bring her into the garage, he fielded trouble calls from home, going in together only if someone needed a repair. He got the office air conditioned during this period, while they waited for Margaret to come home.
Within days during the last disappearance, police found Margaret sleeping behind a vacant store downriver. They notified Frank and he drove as fast as he could to the police department to identify her, but it was too late. A judge was committing Margaret to Hallowsbrook permanently. The courts told Frank when he attempted to fight the decision that he was putting himself in jeopardy of losing Ellen if he fought it, that Margaret had proven to be an unfit parent. So the trade off was leaving his wife in a mental institution to keep her child. He never told anyone what he was forced to do.
“How is he going to raise a girl child alone?” Mary said to a customer in the café one day, as they watched Frank arrive at the garage, little Ellen riding his back like a chimpanzee baby while he carried baskets of toys and pink items, transforming the garage office into a Toyland. 
The office door was kept locked now, the room utilized as a giant playroom, and customers were expected to enter through the garage door. During the summer, a teenaged neighbor became Frank’s helper. Mary, put out, complained to anyone who would listen. Soon, everyone in the village knew that Mary was angry with Frank. If they don’t need my help, to hell with them. But she continued to haunt Frank, coming into the garage after having had too much to drink in the afternoon, trying to kiss him, or worse.
The weekly trips to Hallowsbrook started soon after, with Margaret lucid and pleasant at first. But the longer she stayed, the crazier she became. “It’s the drugs they’re giving her,” Boyd said. But the drugs were keeping her alive. She’d become paranoid, then suicidal and it was taking more and more psychotropics to keep her stable. Frank and Ellen made fewer and fewer visits as Margaret got worse; decreasing to the monthly checkups until those last weeks before she died when she seemed to be getting better.
Mary continued to visit Margaret weekly, trying to mollify Frank, and it helped, he softened toward her again in spite of the gossip she’d started, until she showed up at the riverside cottage one night.
“Mary, you know this would never work,” he said. But she was determined, wrapping her arms around his neck, nuzzling his neck with her lips, and going straight for his crotch.
“Please, I need you Frank, and I can feel you want me,” she said, discovering he was aroused, but he shoved her hand away seconds after she tried touching him.
“Mary, my wife is still alive, and my child is right inside the house. This would never work,” he repeated.
The final blow came by telephone call in the early morning hours; Margaret had died of unknown causes. Boyd hinted that Frank should take legal action against Hallowsbrook since they couldn’t determine the exact cause of death, stating natural causes on the death certificate in spite of the coroner hinting at suicide with a vague substance overdose as the source when he added possibly self-inflicted.
“What the hell does that mean?” Boyd asked. “Frank, you need to take a stand.” Faye Baker, the ADA wouldn’t even talk about opening an investigation unless the family was in agreement.
“Her death certificate says natural causes,” Frank said. He didn’t need another hobby, following the course of a lawsuit. And it wouldn’t be fair to Ellen, who agreed secretly with her father that Margaret was at peace at last no matter how she died. Rarely talking openly before, they continued skirting the issue. The pain was simply too intense for Ellen.
After Margaret’s hospitalization when Ellen was five, she ceased to be a parent. All Ellen needed was Frank who provided for her, protected her, guided her. He was a real parent. She may have called him Frank to his face, but he was dad to everyone else. “My dad” or “my father.” Frank had the purest intentions of any human being she’d known. He was incapable of being negative, at least in her presence. “Don’t even ask my dad’s opinion,” she’d say. “He’ll only look at the bright side.” When Margaret died, it was a relief.
“Now don’t be surprised if you still mourn,” Frank said. 
Ellen knew all that, but once she allowed herself to feel the sadness, she realized it was sadness that her mother was incapable of being a mother to her, her illness making her the most self-absorbed, selfish person imaginable. She even attempted to counsel Margaret.
“Mother, perhaps if you tried to focus on somethin’ else, somethin’ other than yourself, you’d feel better.” 
But of course, Margaret wasn’t able to do so; she’d looked at how everything related to her and how it made her feel for so long that it was all she was capable of. Ellen’s challenge made her retreat further into herself, at least when her family was around. Ellen confessed how she felt to Frank, and it was during the visit Frank told Ellen Margaret had always been insane allowing the word to be spoken out loud for the first time. He wouldn’t say more than that at first, but slowly over the three months since she’d died, he opened up to his stepdaughter about what his life had been like, falling in love with a lunatic.
Chapter 5
Alan Johnson sold cars in Saint Augustine, the number one used car salesman four years in a row. Corporate even took notice. Summoned to Galveston to head up the sales team there, “I’m gonna teach those Texans a thing or two about the way we do it here in Florida,” he said, bragging. Margaret looked the other way to hide her smirk; she was so sick and tired of Alan’s boasting about promotions and raises, advances and at-a-boys, yet she never saw evidence of it. She worked fulltime in a secretarial pool, paid her own bills, loaned him money with promises that he’d pay her back, and then she got pregnant. It was a shock; she’d been sexually active for years, never took a precaution, and never got pregnant. What was different now? She thought the difference was that, confronted with the possibility to finally be free of Alan, she’d be bound to him for eternity.
Trying to break up with him was impossible. He just wouldn’t be alienated. They’d started dating a year before; he was very attractive at first, tall and built, jet-black hair that he confessed he dyed to hide a shock of white across the front, like a skunk. “It’s a birthmark,” he said. “My mother has the same thing.”
His cocky attitude was barely tolerable and until the incessant bragging began that never seemed to result in anything real, Margaret thought she could deal with him. She never saw a paycheck, wasn’t even sure he really worked. They didn’t live together because she wisely resisted it, refusing to have him over for even a night. Within a month’s time Margaret also made the decision she would not introduce him to her friends; they would hate him and she didn’t want to be put in a position of being his defender.
When he was about to leave for Texas, her period didn’t come. She didn’t tell Alan; not sure it would have made much difference anyway, and she didn’t feel any obligation to him. After he left, the long phone calls began, saying he was getting a place for them in Galveston that he’d send for her as soon as he got settled, but he never did and he never sent her a dime. The money she’d lent him became an icon; the phrase life would be easier when Alan repaid her peppered her inner dialogue, conversations she had with herself when the fear of caring for a newborn overwhelmed her. She’d given Alan most of her savings and now the possibility that she would lose her job loomed large. Looking the other way as the pregnancy progressed; her boss did what he could for Margaret. It was after the delivery that would be the problem because her company didn’t make allowances for maternity leave; it was not mandatory in the state. Faced with losing her apartment just as she needed to care for another human being, her solution was to downsize and move from a two bedroom to a studio apartment. Chances were good she’d never entertain a man again, certainly not overnight.
For the next eight months, she saved every cent she could and sold anything of value she had, including her television and radio. Only her bed, table and chair in the kitchen and a rocking chair in the living room remained, and her car, a used Buick LeSabre with seventy-thousand miles on it. But soon, the place filled up again as friends brought by their cast-offs. Her coworkers gave her a baby shower and she received everything she needed to care for a newborn.
Nine months went quickly. Mildly nauseated at dinner the night she went into labor, she forced herself to eat soup and crackers, just in case. Hearing about women who went without eating for days while they were in prolonged labor, Margaret didn’t have any extra weight in reserve. At bedtime, she brought a cup of tea, a package of cookies and a book into bed and the last time she looked at the clock, it was well after midnight. At about two, she woke up with a stomachache. She went into the bathroom to brush her teeth deciding she’d get ready to leave and if it was a false alarm, at least she’d be prepared for the day. But it wasn’t false, it was the real thing. By three, she was keeping track of the contractions, leaving for the hospital before they got so bad she’d be unable to drive.
The car park was a block away, but her suitcase was small so it wasn’t bad walking to the emergency entrance. When a wave of the contraction came, she stopped and put her hands on her knees breathing through it. Just as she got to the ER reception desk, her membranes ruptured, sending a flood of amniotic fluid cascading down her legs. She leaned on the desk and looked down at the puddle she was standing in. “Lovely.”
Ellen Marie Fisher was born the next day at two in the afternoon. Labor wasn’t that bad after all, Margaret decided. Once the barbaric part of it was over, the evacuation of anything left in her body, the sewing up of parts too small for the stretching they’d require, it was sweet, lying on the delivery table with all eyes upon her as she held her newborn daughter for the very first time. Nursing Ellen was not an option for Margaret. She wanted her body back as soon as possible; wanted her life back. When twenty-four hours were up, she was ready to leave. Lying to the nursing staff, she said a friend was picking her up, and when they wheeled her out to the front entrance in a wheelchair, insisted she’d wait alone. When she was sure it was safe, she walked the distance with a newborn and a suitcase to her parked car and drove home.
Getting used to mothering was easy for Margaret. Ellen was a built-in friend, a little companion, guaranteed to amuse and entertain. Wherever Margaret went, Ellen went with her. When she was two weeks old, Margaret started taking her to work, the thought of leaving her with a sitter too frightening. 
“Now don’t make a peep,” Margaret told her. 
Walking into the office with the infant in a little plastic chair, she stashed Ellen under the desk with her diaper bag, picking right up where she left off before the birth. During breaks, the baby came out of hiding and got her bottle and diaper change. By Friday, her boss came up to her desk with a smirk on his face.
“So, I hear we have a new employee. Can you introduce us?” Margaret pushed her chair back and reached down for Ellen who had both fists up to her mouth.
“It’s almost lunchtime,” Margaret explained. Her boss scratched his head.
“I’m afraid of setting precedence,” he said. “And I’m sure not every baby would be as quiet as this one.” 
Margaret was terrified he was going to tell her to leave. She imagined the scenario; cleaning out her desk, walking out to a car that very well wouldn’t start, having to take the bus to the welfare office, paying for formula with food stamps.
“Please don’t make me leave,” she pleaded.
“No, no, I’m not going to. But I need to figure out something else. It’s not fair to; what’s her name?”
“Ellen.”
“It’s not fair to Ellen to have to spend the day in the dark under a desk, like a leprechaun. We can do better than that. Give me the weekend to think about it.”
The following Monday, Margaret was directed to take Ellen to a room down the hall from the office. A nursery with one other child was in place, waiting for Ellen. It was as ideal as it could be while it lasted. Before Ellen’s second birthday, the company was sold and Margaret was terminated along with many of her co-workers.
Desperation set in. The only thing she could do was ask Alan one more time to pay her the money he owed her; over ten thousand dollars.
“Come here to Galveston and I’ll see to it you get your money,” he said. 
Although the few friends who knew she’d been with Alan figured he was the father, most of them didn’t know Ellen’s paternity, but they’d encouraged Margaret to file for child support from whoever it was. Doing so would alert him that he had a child and he might insist on sharing custody. The idea that he’d be entitled to taking Ellen terrified her. 
While she still had a little money and her unemployment about ready to expire, Margaret made the tough decision to go to Galveston and confront Alan. He didn’t need to know Ellen was his; she was small enough to pass for an eighteen month old.
“How can I be sure you’ll keep your word?” she asked him. “It’s a long way there. I’ll be using the last of my cash.” She didn’t add, “Thanks to you.”
“I’m crushed that you have so little trust in me. What did I do to deserve it? I thought I took good care of you while I was there.” The allusion was sexual in its undertone and the hair on her arms lifted in gooseflesh. Had she really been that needy to succumb to him?
“Whatever, Alan. All I know is that you asked me for a loan which I freely gave, trusting you completely when you said it would be repaid. I’m unemployed, broke and desperate. Maybe you could send me money to get there.” He was silent on the other end of the line.
“I guess I could do that; send you a little something.”
“If you did, I might be able to trust you again,” she said.
“Send me your bank account info and I’ll make a deposit,” he said, suddenly hopeful. But she was on to him.
“I had to close my account,” she lied. “Just send a money order. I can get that cashed anywhere.”
“Oh, okay,” he said, trying but failing at hiding his disappointment.
But the money order never came and before she had to pay her rent again, she loaded up the car, buckled Ellen in her seat and headed west. She didn’t put a lot of thought into what she was going to do once she got to Galveston. But thankfully, she never had to worry again. Frank took care of all of their needs.

***

After the date, the leftover-café-turkey-dinner, drive-in movie date, Frank and Margaret knew they would be together. He dropped her off at Mary’s house, and before they walked up to the door together, the sleeping Ellen on his shoulder, he asked her to marry him.
“I know it’s ridiculous, asking this fast. But pretty much what you see with me is what you’re gonna get. How long do we have to wait to make it seem less ridiculous?”
Margaret laughed. “We don’t have to wait at all, if you don’t want to. But maybe we should, just for Ellen’s sake. Don’t want her growing up with people talking about her folks getting married the week after they met.”
“Okay, how about a month? Will you marry me in a month? Your car should be fixed by then, at least,” Frank said, teasing.
“Yes, Frank. A month sounds very nice. Let’s get married in a month. I wonder if Mary will let us stay here for a whole month.”
“I don’t see why not,” Frank said. He didn’t want to warn Margaret not to tell Mary too much of her business. It might appear he was worried about her knowing too much of his business. He decided a little information might be a good thing. “You probably figured it out that Mary is the town crier.” He looked over at her, the corners of her mouth turning down.
“I wondered. Thanks for the heads up.” She reached for Ellen. “Thank you for tonight. It was very nice getting out.” She stood on her toes and kissed him gently on the lips. It startled him for a second. He’d been anxious, worried about the right time to hold her hand, the best time for a kiss.
His lips were soft and dry, and she could feel the bristles of his whiskers, long past five-o’clock shadow. After they said goodnight he fell to thinking about her lips, how soft and warm they were. Her breath was nice, too; chocolaty from the milkshake. He didn’t allow himself to think more because they’d be married in one month if everything fell into place. Dreaming, she would come to the little house and share his bed and the little girl would grow up in the bedroom across the hall from their room. He’d drive into Beauregard to get new bedding; shopping in the village was out of the question; the raised eyebrows and comments infuriating. It was none of their business.
The next afternoon, he closed up and drove his pickup truck north. The traffic was nerve-wracking in the city. He found the department store he wanted; the same one his mother and grandmother had shopped. Without wasting time, he chose a new mattress and box springs. A saleslady helped him pick out new sheets and bedspread. It wasn’t frilly, but it wasn’t something he’d have thought of.
He arranged for the new mattress to be delivered; he didn’t want to be seen driving through town with it in the back of his pickup. They would haul the old away, too. He wanted to call Margaret, but having to speak to Mary first put him off. He might as well drive over there before he headed for home. Mary greeted him at the door.
“Come on in, Frank. We’re just talking about dinner.” He put his hand up.
“Nope, I won’t impose upon you for a meal again. Next time, it’s my treat. If I’d been thinkin’ clear, I’d of brought something with me.” Margaret came to the door with Ellen in her arms.
“Hi, Frank,” she said, smiling, with just enough smoothness to her voice that Mary took notice, but didn’t say anything. It was clear she hadn’t heard the news. “Can we have dinner together tonight?” Without thinking, and especially without thinking about Mary, he nodded.
“Come home with me, tonight. I want to show you my garden, anyway.” It was a lame excuse, but it served in front of Mary.
“Frank’s ma had a green thumb,” Mary said refusing to be excluded. “You’ll see. Margaret told me she likes to garden, Frank. You’re in luck!” Mary had a smirk on her face; they weren’t kidding her with their secrets. He smiled, ignoring her.
“Get the baby’s things,” he said to Margaret. 
Ellen put her arms out to him and Frank took her, and unabashedly kissed her cheek. Mary turned away; sad it was a stranger’s kid he was kissing and not hers. Hers or theirs. Another fantasy, squashed. Oh well. Maybe just temporarily.
“I’ll be home early,” Margaret said, smiling sweetly at Mary. 
Maybe. With Ellen in one arm, Frank opened the screen door and stepped aside for Margaret to move out first. He glanced over his shoulder and smiled at Mary.
“Next time, dinner’s on me,” he said. 
Mary smiled back, but in her head the chant Fuck off, Frank, circulated through her brain until she was seething. She didn’t respond, keeping her head down, closing the door as soon as he was outside on the porch. The motor of his car starting up, pulling away from the curb brought a fresh torrent of a combination of jealousy and sadness. 
It was a contradiction; Margaret was a fun companion, smart and easy to talk to, and her little girl was so sweet. Having them in the house brought her renewed joy that living alone for so long had depleted. Frank’s interest in Margaret was a nice twist. It wasn’t Frank that made her angry. It was the combination of the two she took exception to. Why Margaret? Anyone else in town she’d have dealt with, but she wanted Margaret as her friend, or more, and Frank was screwing it up.
During the afternoon, they’d shared confidences, Margaret on the cusp of confessing the story of Ellen’s paternity, just the mention again of the man named Alan. Frank’s surprise visit ruined it. “Oh what the hell,” she said, going to her apartment. She’d get dressed for the evening and take a ride into Beauregard. She wasn’t sleeping alone tonight.

Ellen sat in between Frank and Margaret, chattering while the adults drove in silence. Margaret looked around the area, the sandy road leaving the village, entering a rural area where a few hardier souls lived. Houses were set back from the road, driveways obscured by trees. “Is your place isolated like this?” she asked. Frank shook his head.
“We’re in the middle of a wide open space. My father built the house by his-self. It’s in a valley the big river runs through. You’ll see. The trees come right up to my land, but they was never part of it. ‘Cleared natural,’ my father said. ‘Just waitin’ for a house.’” 
The sandy road wound through the pine forest for a mile to big clearing.
“This yours?” Margaret asked. Ellen tried to sit up to look but her seatbelt and little chair held her down.
“Up!” she demanded. 
When Frank pulled into the driveway, Margaret unfastened her seat belt and the child stood up with her hands on the dashboard. 
“My house,” she screamed. Margaret looked at Frank.
“What’s this all about?”
“We was talkin’ about a house,” he replied. “She just picked up on it. Smart little girl.” 
He put the gearshift in park and as natural as if he was taking his coat with him from the front seat, the little girl leaped into his arms. He met Margaret in front of the truck and put his free arm around her shoulders as they walked down the path from the barn to the cottage.
“What a great place,” she said, smiling. “I’ll be happy to live here.” Frank looked down at her.
“That right? That’s a relief. It’s nothin’ much. You might change ye’r mind when we get inside.”
“I don’t think so.” She let him have a very small glimpse of what her prior life had been like.
“In my last place, I slept on a mattress on the floor. Anythin’ is an upgrade from that.”
“What happened?” Frank took his arm off her shoulder and dug in his pocket for the key.
“I was tryin’ to save money in case I lost my job when Ellen was born. Whatever I could sell went out the door. My friends came to my rescue, but it was still a bare bones existence.” 
He felt awful hearing her story, deciding right then he’d make their life much better than it was.
“We can buy whatever you want for the house,” he said. “If I can afford it, it’s yours.” 
But as it turned out, she was content to let things stay as they were. His mother’s furniture was just fine, comfortable, old pieces of overstuffed sensibility. She’d spend the rest of her days there with Frank sitting on a chair that had belonged to his mother, with her feet on a small stool covered in his mother’s handiwork.
Ellen transferred her needs to Frank within days after the wedding.
“Dada,” she’d yell from her bedroom. He’d get up out of bed and open her door to find her standing in the crib with her arms out.
“It might be time for a big-girl bed,” he’d say.
“No, no big-girl bed.” Ellen stayed in the crib until she was four.
“It’s not right,” Margaret said. “We should force her.” Frank frowned.
“If you think it’s important, I guess we could try it.”
“Don’t you? It’s not seemly that a grown child should sleep in a crib.
“Maggie, she’s only four. She feels safe in it, so I say if you’re all right with it, let ‘er be.” Margaret looked at her daughter, how tall and lanky she was for a four-year-old, her vocabulary incredible. Why’d she still need to sleep in a crib?
“Do you want to try your big-girl bed tonight?” she asked. 
Ellen looked over at it. It was low to the floor, made up like every little girl’s dream bed with lacy pink satin and piled with stuffed animals. The child shook her head and pointed to the crib.
“I’ll stay in the crib,” Ellen said, determined. Margaret sighed.
“But why? You can’t even stretch out in it anymore.”
“I like the crib,” she said, her mouth set.
“Well, I guess that’s that, for now,” Frank said, frowning. He knew that Margaret was capable of latching on to something like a dog with a bone, and he didn’t want the crib to become one of her obsessive issues. He looked at her standing in the child’s room with her hands on her hips.
“I think we need to use some bribery here,” Margaret said. Frank’s ears perked up. He wasn’t beyond using a little reward system.
“Now you’re talkin’,” he said. “What’ch you got in mind, Mother?” She looked at Ellen who was standing partially behind Frank. Toys and dolls wouldn’t do it for her. Although they never came out and said it, Ellen was a tomboy.
“I’m thinkin’ it’s time for a bike. Not a tricycle, but a real two-wheeler. With trainers.” Ellen came out from behind Frank.
“A bike? I’d like a bike.”
“But will you leave your crib for a bike?” Margaret asked firmly. “We want you to sleep in a big-girl bed and get the bike in return.” Ellen didn’t have to ponder it; she’d wanted a bike for a while but her parents thought she was too young. But if she was old enough to sleep in a big-girl bed, she was old enough to ride a bike.
“Okay,” she said. “I’ll leave the crib.” She looked over at the old crib longingly. She’d never felt safer than when she was in her crib. Her memories really started in earnest when she was three. Frank kissing her goodnight, gently lowering her onto the soft mattress, covering her with a fuzzy blanket was the strongest recollection.
“Good night, little one. Sleep tight.” He said the same thing every night until she repeated it.
“You sleep tight, too.” When Margaret went away, Ellen never missed her. Frank did all the nurturing, and Margaret was glad to relinquish it to him; the first two years of Ellen’s life had drained her of needing her child again. As long as she was safe and cared for, the little Margaret had to give seemed to be enough.

It didn’t take long after the wedding for the couple and their child to form a tight bond that resisted any interaction with the outside world. Margaret seemed happy to stay on the property. When she wanted to get outside to stretch her legs, Frank noted that she was content to walk within the boundaries of their yard. She rarely wanted to go into town, but when she did, she’d drive in with Frank and he would drop her off at the café where she’d sit and drink coffee all morning, talking to Mary. Even that relationship had changed. Frank encouraged his wife to invite Mary over if she missed her, but Margaret just shook her head.
“We were never really friends,” she said. “Mary needed me more than I needed her.” Now, after the wedding, Mary’s voyeurism was out of control. Mary was hungry for stories of their wedding night, but Margaret would only smile a slow grin and shake her head.
“That’s private,” she said. But Mary wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“You did do it though, right?” The red was creeping up Mary’s neck onto her cheeks.
“Of course,” Margaret said. “I will admit that much.” But she kept that sly smile on her face and just shook her head when Mary whispered, “Was it good?”
“It’s none of your business,” Margaret answered. “And if you keep asking, I’ll leave.” 
She was dead serious. During that month before the wedding, just as Margaret was getting comfortable with Mary, confiding in her, going where she’d never gone before with anyone else, Mary wanted Margaret for more than friendship. They were sitting in her private living room late one night; long after Ellen had gone to sleep, working on a bottle of wine. It was warm and cozy in the room with the dim lights and the radio on low. Margaret put her head back on the couch and closed her eyes for a moment and just as she was going to allow herself to doze in an alcohol haze, she felt the couch cushion depress next to her as Mary leaned over to kiss her on the mouth. Margaret had never kissed a woman. Mary’s mouth was soft, smelling of wine and lilacs. Sighing, Margaret relaxed into the couch, and then she thought of Frank. Sitting up, she pushed Mary away.
“No, I don’t want to.”
“You don’t want to…but I thought it was mutual,” Mary complained.
“I was minding my own business. It was never mutual.”
“You didn’t resist!” Mary said.
“Keep your voice down Mary. I don’t want to scare Ellen. I’m drunk. You started kissing me. That’s the end of the story. I’m gettin’ married in two weeks and I’m sure Frank wouldn’t understand. Let’s just let it go.” Mary started to cry, pacing back and forth.
“I don’t get it. You’d just arrived and bang! He’s asking you to get married.”
“What don’t you get?” she asked, adjusting her clothing. “I never even flirted with the man.”
“I’ve been here all along, and he never so much as looked in my direction. You show up and I finally have a friend, and he sweeps in like a vulture.”
“Are you jealous of him?” Margaret asked, unbelieving.
“Yes! Yes, I’m jealous of him. We clicked right away, you and me. And he ruined it. He can offer you more than I can,” she said, crying. Margaret reached out for her hand.
“Mary, Mary. You have to believe me when I tell you that you were never even an option for me, at least not as anything more than a friend. If that sounds harsh, well I’m sorry.” Mary stormed out of the room while Margaret struggled to get up and get into her room before Mary came back.
Drunk for sure, she didn’t feel like she’d done anything wrong. Mary came on to her. Thinking of Mary’s age, twenty-six, ten years younger than she was. Frank would never believe it if she told him what had happened. Love between women was something Frank wouldn’t understand; he was so innocent. Nothing must come between Frank and her, nothing. Frank was their savior. No matter what happened, Frank would love Ellen and take care of her.
After the wedding, life with Frank fell into a pleasant routine without Mary. Margaret kept house for him, but he did the cooking and organizing. Ellen loved him with all of her heart, and Margaret was pleased with her foresight of having gotten lost in front of his garage. Ellen started school, and with her gone all day, and nothing to occupy her time, Margaret started to deteriorate. Slowly at first, so that Frank almost didn’t notice, she stopped taking care of herself. Beautiful Margaret, who put so much into their romance, surprising him with her knowledge of what pleased a man that he’d have to remind himself that she’d had a child with someone whom he didn’t know.
The wedding night was beautiful; after Ellen went to sleep, Frank turned the radio on and reached for her, leading her into a slow dance.
“How’d you learn?” she asked, her head on his chest. “You’re really good at this.”
“School dances, I guess,” he replied, grinning. “They say I have natural rhythm.”
“Who says it? All your women?” she asked, giggling.
“You know better than that,” he replied softly, kissing the top of her head.
“I guess we never talked about your past, the women you’ve been with. You know all about me,” she said, a little haughty lilt to her voice.
“I know what I need to know. For starters, you’re the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. You’re a good mother. I love you and your child. What else is there?”
“Well, do you have any old girlfriends lurking who might resent me?” He pulled back from her.
“You ask me that on our wedding night?” he gave a loud laugh and she grinned. “Nope. None. Well I did have a girlfriend in high school, but she’s married with two kids now, so she won’t bother you.”
“How serious was it?”
“I guess serious,” he said. “We slept with each other, if that’s what you mean. And what good did it do? No good. I’m sorry for it now.”
“I’m not,” she answered. “I didn’t want to be tainted while you’re pure as snow.” He looked into her eyes and started laughing.
“You are not tainted, not by a long shot.” He pulled her closely and they rocked together as the music played softly. She intertwined her fingers into his and stretched up to reach his mouth. He bent down to return the kiss, and they started their wedding night swaying in an embrace with Johnny Rivers singing in the background.
Frank would always remember the way Margaret looked that night. When she’d stopped caring about him and Ellen, almost forgetting they’d existed; he’d remember their wedding night. He’d used the hallway bathroom to give her some privacy, and when he came back into their bedroom, she was stretched out on his bed; on top of the bedspread the lady at Sears helped him pick out, naked. He’d never seen such a beautiful body. Later, he’d rationalize that he loved her, she could’ve had a beard and he’d think the same thing. Those early days of bliss would sustain him through the next years, of her diminishing lucidity and increasing craziness.

While Margaret was losing her mind, Frank and Ellen fell in love, the father she never had and the daughter he’d always worship. There was a mutual respect and understanding as in a true father/daughter relationship, they chose to be father and daughter. It wasn’t forced upon them, or a product of anything. He wanted to be her father and she wanted to be his daughter. It was simple logic.
They discovered similar qualities about each other that surprised them because there was no shared genetic material. A phrase Ellen often heard was, “You look so much like your father!” Maybe through living together with little other input, Ellen took on many of Frank’s inflections in speech, and mannerisms. And they shared the love of dancing, from the time she was a little girl, watching Margaret dance with Frank, Ellen was enchanted by ballroom dancing. On Halloween, she wasn’t a princess or a queen like other little girls; she was a dancer.
Dancing beautifully together at parties and community picnics, other fathers and daughters and mothers and sons tried to imitate the McPhersons. The principal asked Frank and Ellen to lead the first dance at the ninth grade graduation party because they made it look so easy. “It’ll get more people out on the floor if they think they can look as smooth as you two.”
Frank took Ellen shopping for the dress she would wear to the dance. Taking the armload of dresses on hangers they’d picked out together into the dressing room, she tried one after another until she walked out of the dressing room in a white cotton pique. 
“That’s the one, sister,” Frank said. She looked over her shoulder in the mirror and then stood this way and that, frowning.
“You think so Frank? Oh, I’m not sure.” Her uncertainty was coming from the neckline; but she didn’t feel comfortable calling attention to it in front of her genteel stepfather.
“What’s yer problem with it then?”
“I think it might be a little too grown up for me.” He turned beet red, seeing right away what she was eluding too.
“Okay, I gotcha. Yep, you may be right. Try another then, we got all day.” She giggled; he meant just the opposite.
“I’ll be right out.” She went back and took the white dress off, choosing a pale blue cotton shirtwaist dress with a full skirt. She came out of the dressing room and spun around, the skirt lifting in the air, showing off her blue jeans. “What about this?” He had his hand on his chin, looking at her, making twirling gestures with his hands to get her to move this way and that.
“That might be it, by golly,” he said. “You look like a princess in it, sister. What’d you think?” She stood still for a moment in the mirror.
“This is it. You know, I thought of Mother there for a moment. Wonder what she’d say if she could see me in this dress.” Frank smiled at her.
“She’d be so proud of you; I bet she’d just be grinnin’ ear to ear.”
“I think so, too,” Ellen said. “I feel like she’s tellin’ us this is the one.” He nodded, happy that she was getting some psychic direction. Or that her own intuition was kicking in.
“Let’s git goin’ if we’re havin’ dinner out tonight. We got the drive home and all.” 
She took the dress off, unconsciously smiling. They’d shop for shoes on the weekend; that was something she could get in Seymour. And underthings were never a problem because Frank saved all of Margaret’s for her and she was slowly growing up to fit into them. The shoes and clothes were still too big, but it wouldn’t be long before she’d have the entire wardrobe to wear.
When the weekend for the dance arrived, Ellen dressed quickly so she could help Frank. “Let me iron your shirt,” she said, fidgeting. “It’ll give me something to do.” He laughed, pulling the iron away from her grasp.
“I won’t have my daughter ironing my clothes,” he said firmly. “Sit a bit and keep me company.” He put the shirtsleeve on the board first while Ellen sat carefully on the kitchen chair so as to not wrinkle her dress.
“I’ve got Mother’s slip on,” she said. “We better go through her things; I thought I saw a moth on the floor of your closet.”
“You can have whatever you want of her stuff and then we can get rid of what you don’t want,” he said. “You know how styles go around in circles. Maybe someday it will be worth somethin’ to someone.”
“You mean like take it to the thrift store? Never, Frank. Can’t you see Mary sneaking over there as soon as word got out that Margaret MacPherson’s clothes have just arrived?” Frank let out a chuckle.
“Never thought of that, sorry. You’re right, again.” There was something obscene, almost worshipful about the way Mary Cook spoke of Margaret.
“But maybe we can find a way to preserve them, you know. For my own girls,” she said, looking at him shyly. So, she was thinking of her future already.
The ninth grade graduation dance was a turning point for Frank and Ellen. After having stayed under the radar, watching them float so smoothly over the dance floor gave the people of the village something more to talk about than just the words of Mary. The simple-minded people whispering ugly lies about the father/daughter team now had real ammunition, while normal people were in awe of their talent. It put them on the map.
Chapter 6
Alan Johnson forgot about Margaret Fisher six months after arriving in Galveston, after catching the eye of exotic dancer, Janelle at the Bensalem Gentleman’s Club. He’d been going there nightly for weeks, trying to get the attention of any dancer who would look his way. Finally, on a Friday night in November, Janelle noticed Alan when he sat at the front row table every night, drinking something tan in a glass and never sticking more than a wrinkled dollar bill in her G-string.
“Who’s the loser in the front row?” Melanie asked Janelle. “Looks like he’s getting ready to shove his bar tab in my bra.”
Janelle laughed. “I got a buck. It’s all he ever gives out. But I think he’s kinda cute.”
“Yuck,” Melanie said. “You can have him.”
Janelle was tired. She was thirty-eight to Melanie’s twenty. The Bensalem was her last gig; no other legitimate club in town would let a girl older than twenty-five get up on the stage. The clubs on the other side of town hired tips-only dancers, girls whose faces and figures destroyed by drugs or booze looked just fine at closing time. The Bensalem was a step up from those places for the working man. When Janelle started dancing twenty years ago, she was looking for a meal ticket, but he never showed up. Alan was eager, almost pathetic in the yearning written all over his face. She was ready to call it quits and she needed supplemental income. He was the only one interested.
“Wait for me at closing,” she said softly, squatting in front of him. “I’m off at two.” He nodded at her, mouth hanging open. She stood back up maintaining eye contact with him as she moved on to the next guy. Alan watched her slowly walk along the edge of the stage, running her hands down her body and turning first one way and then the next, glancing over at Alan when she could and smiling sweetly at him.
Even Galveston could be cold in November after the sun went down, but Alan waited outside for Janelle as she asked him to, freezing in his shirtsleeves. He took a last drag and threw his cigarette on the ground, grinding it with his heel when she opened the door, putting her coat on. “God it’s freezing out here,” she said, looking at his bare arms. “Are you okay?”
“I’m good,” he said. “My car’s right over there.” He pointed down the block. “Do you want to meet somewhere or are you okay about leaving with me?” She thought he was being very considerate.
“I can leave with you,” she said, gesturing over her shoulder to the building. “They know who I’m with.” They walked in silence to his car. She was ready to sleep with him if she had to.
“Where’s your place?” He asked.
“I rent a room in the East End, “she answered, looking at him concerned. “I know it sounds strange, but my landlady doesn’t allow men in the rooms.”
“Oh, well, I can see the wisdom of that. For safety sake,” he said. “My place isn’t in the best neighborhood.” He looked concerned. “I don’t keep the neatest place, either.”
“I don’t care about that,” she said. “Do you have any food?” 
He did, having just shopped. And Alan liked to cook, too. So their first date involved cleaning his kitchen so he could fix her breakfast, a shower for her and sleep on his couch.
At noon the next morning, she woke up to the sound of a key turning in a lock as Alan came home for lunch. “I figured you might need to go home to get ready for work.”
“Yeah, I guess I’d better,” she said, sitting up.
“I’ll make you some coffee now,” he said. “But I thought, if you’d like, you can pack a bag and come back here tonight.” 
She looked around his living room, at the piles of papers and dusty furniture. It needed cleaning, but it wasn’t bad for the crappy neighborhood it was in.
“Okay, I guess I’d like that, if you’re sure.”
“We can be roommates unless something else develops,” he replied with a smile. So that’s how he forgot about Margaret.
Moving in together, they played house for almost a month until she discovered photographs of beautiful Margaret Fisher. It had taken them a few days to work their way back to the bedroom, and a few weeks for Janelle to grow tired of the squalor of his messy apartment. It was during a cleaning spree she came across an envelope filled with colored photos of a naked woman. Alan forgot he had the photographs; his version of artistic poses using a Polaroid. The images could have been random, taken by anyone, but Alan the ego-maniac had to make sure he was in several of them, laying on the bed next to the woman, holding the camera arms length to get both faces in the frame, as well as one perky breast. Nagging Alan about Margaret, she was jealous and suspicious.
“She’s someone from the past,” Alan said. “Haven’t seen her since I moved to Galveston.”
“How long were you together?” Janelle asked. She was standing at the stove, debating whether or not to distract him with egg frying, or throw the pan in his face.
“Not long,” Alan said, trying to remember exact dates. “Less than a year.”
“Why’d you split up?”
“I moved here and she wanted to stay in Saint Augustine.” He was lying, but he didn’t want to admit he’d borrowed money from Margaret to run away. He’d lied to Margaret, too. There had never been a better job, or corporate begging him to head up the sales team. The bill collectors and loan sharks were closing in on him, and he was in so deep he had to leave.
When Janelle grew tired of Alan’s lies, Becky the secretary moved in, and when she moved out, Cynthia the dental hygienist moved in and so on for ten more years. Alan didn’t think about Margaret again until he lost his job.
Car sales plummeted and the dealership folded during an economic downturn and hard working, generous Margaret popped into his thoughts. The only number he had for her was one that she’d had disconnected when she was supposed to be coming to join him. Then she’d called one night, leaving a message at the boarding house, that she was going to be delayed.
“You got a person to person call from Seymour last night,” the landlord said. “Margaret has car trouble and won’t be here till next week.”
“Seymour? Where the heck is Seymour?”
“Some place in Alabama, I reckon.” She never arrived, and he figured she went back to Saint Augustine after all.
Now, years later, with no other options, he had nothing to lose by heading back to Florida, the town of Seymour forgotten. But when he arrived in Saint Augustine, there wasn’t anyone left who knew Margaret. He went to her aunt’s house, but the woman had died. Tracking down her friends was impossible because he’d never met any.
Remembering where Margaret worked, Alan walked around the building, finding a directory posted on the wall next to the elevators. A maintenance man walked by and Alan caught his attention.
“Can you tell me what happened to Hartland?” Alan asked. “An old girlfriend worked there and I’m trying to look her up. I don’t see it listed here.”
“Hartland sold out to Reynolds a while back. I worked in Hartland offices.”
“Do you remember Margaret Fisher? She was in the pool. About five six, a hundred ten pounds, auburn hair and blue eyes.” He told the man about waiting for Margaret to show up in Galveston.
“She’ be hard to forget,” he said when Alan questioned him.
“She was a looker,” Alan said, feeding his memory. “Do you remember when she left?”
“She got throw’d out like all of ‘em. How late you say she was?”
“Thirteen years,” Alan answered, frowning.
“Yep, it be around thirteen years. She had a baby, a little girl it was. The boss let her bring the baby to work with her.”
Alan reeled. A baby? “You sure about this?” Alan turned away to hide his face. Margaret never mentioned a baby, didn’t even hint of one. Maybe it wasn’t his. He turned to the man. “Do you remember when she had the baby?” He screwed up his face and looked at the ceiling.
“No, but the child was walkin’ along side her when she left. I’d say she was two or three years,” the man said. Alan thought about this for a moment; he’d left Saint Augustine fifteen years earlier so she must have been pregnant. It made him angry that she didn’t tell him. He didn’t like sneaks, forgetting he’d taken her money and lied to her, his part in the end of their relationship, how he took off for Texas leaving her high and dry. How would he ever find her now? Where was Margaret Fisher?
No money for a private investigator, before the time of internet searches and online family trees, the only research tool Alan had was attached to his body. Deliberating, he guessed he needed to find out more about the birth of Margaret’s baby to determine if it was his. The only place he could think of to get the information was the hospital in Saint Augustine.
Hanging around the coffee shop adjacent to the local hospital, Alan met Noelle after a week of diligently going there for breakfast. She was a big girl, five more pounds and she’d be chubby. Her hair caught his eye, shiny auburn, almost plum; she wore it in a long braid down her back. The opportunity to approach her would come about after seeing her there three days in a row. That day, on a mission to get coffee for her co-workers, Alan was sitting at table near the cash-register when she came in to the shop.
“I’ll take four regular, two black and a decafe,” she said to the waitress. Turning to sit down while she waited, Alan quickly pulled a chair out from his table for her.
“Join me,” he said. “Saw you here yesterday.” Not sure if he was serious, or if she even wanted to sit by him, she paused. “Please. Join me.”
Hesitantly, she pulled the chair out a little further and sat down. “Thanks,” she said. “My feet are killing me.”
“Nurses are always on their feet,” Alan said, noting she was in a navy blue scrub suit.
“I’m not a nurse,” she replied, holding out her hand to shake and holding up her hospital identification card. “Noelle. Noelle Carson. Housekeeping.”
He made small talk to get her to relax, but he could tell it might not be as easy as he hoped. She was so shy, her face expressionless except for a mean mouth, the corners turned down. He wondered if she smiled if she’d be more attractive, but the more he said the more awkward their conversation got, her defensiveness growing. Studying her face, he could see makeup skillfully applied hid the ravages of acne or maybe something worse. Several bandages were stuck to her arms. Housekeeping must be dangerous work, he thought.
Noelle didn’t catch on that Alan was trying to engage her. Getting through life was exhausting for her; just as she would have something approaching success, some Lothario would come along to disrupt her equilibrium and she’d have to start back at square one. Subtlety wouldn’t work with her due to the huge wall of defense she had up. Redoubling his efforts, he increased the charm. Alan was so handsome and so engaging with his compelling story, she decided to let her guard down, just a little. He chipped away at her resistance with chatter and compliments but nothing worked. Until he mentioned Margaret.
Somehow, hearing about another woman put her at ease. If Margaret had a baby at that facility fifteen years ago, there would be a record of it somewhere. Telling more lies, he fabricated a story about being away at war, not sure what war was going on at the time but he thought it was something in the Persian Gulf, and that he’d just discovered his girlfriend at the time had had a baby while he was gone.
“I have to find her if I can. She and her mother disappeared into thin air.”
“Oh how sad,” Noelle said, understanding the pain of having lost a child after losing custody of her son fifteen years ago. His father took him back to Mexico and she never saw the baby again. She didn’t share this with Alan, although the parallels between them were amazing.
“I don’t even know the baby’s name. She’s not a baby any more,” he said, bowing his head. “I don’t even know if they’re alive.”
“What about her friends?”
“Margaret didn’t have many,” he said. “It’s been so long ago, I don’t remember any names.”
“Gosh, it seems pretty hopeless,” Noelle replied, softly, not used to offering encouraging words. “Do you know who her doctors were?”
Alan shook his head. He remembered he was supposed to have been overseas. “We’d just started to date when I got orders. I’d only met her aunt, and she’s dead now.”
“I just had an idea. Why can’t you go to admissions and find out if she had the baby here?”
“They won’t give me that information because we weren’t married.”
“What about getting an attorney?” She was on the path he wanted, hopeful, thinking of ideas.
“I don’t have the money for an attorney, Noelle. I barely have enough to pay my rent this week.” He’d rented a room in town with the last money he had. “I’m looking for work, but until I find something, I’ve just got unemployment.” If she was wondering why a man his age didn’t have any money set aside, she wasn’t saying. Grabbing her hand, he laid it on.
“You’re my lucky star,” he said, smiling. “I feel like we were meant to be together, the first person I talked to when I arrived. I have a good feeling about us.” He was putting it on thick, but she was lonely, and he hoped, desperate. She smiled and it changed her appearance, for which he was grateful.
“That’s so sweet of you, Alan. I wonder if there isn’t a way I can find out something for you?” He feigned surprise. From their first meeting, partial honesty about his reason for being in Saint Augustine would make the request for snooping seem less like he was using her to gain access to hospital records.
“In what way?” he asked. “You mean by asking around at the hospital?”
She was looking off, chewing on the inside of her mouth. “I know some of the women from medical records,” she said. “My cousin is the receptionist in the department.” Not showing much interest, like his heart rate didn’t just increase exponentially, he nodded his head.
“Gosh I wonder if they’d help.”
“It couldn’t hurt to ask, I guess,” she said uncertainly. Rather than rouse her suspicions, he’d ask her to dinner.
“Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?” He’d avoid any mention of lost children and disappearing girlfriends, the Persian Gulf and Army service. He’d never even held a gun.
She frowned. “You want to have dinner with me,” she said cynically. It just didn’t feel right. He was too handsome. “Why?”
“Why? Because I do. I think you’re pretty and interesting. Isn’t that enough? We’ve had coffee everyday. Now, let’s have dinner.” His flattery hit its mark because as she felt better about herself, she smiled more, which changed the shape of her face. She was almost pretty.

Alan was eager to start a relationship with her, albeit a strange one, so he could better take advantage of her connections. Locating her apartment the first time wasn’t easy; in a dark neighborhood outside of Saint Augustine, he had to navigate behind an abandoned factory, reaching a dead end at a chain link gate. Backing up, he found the street, little more than an alley, and turned into it, looking for her building. Checking his appearance in the rearview mirror first, he was then careful to look around the area before he unlocked to get out. After he knocked, he looked over his shoulder again nervously before she answered. She was surprised he didn’t just beep the horn for her.
“Nice neighborhood,” he let slip out. But she didn’t take offense, chuckling.
“I like the rent.”
“You look nice,” he said finally looking at her. He was relieved, not having seen Noelle in anything other than scrubs he wasn’t sure what she’d wear. They went to a seafood restaurant he remembered being fancy years before, but seemed to have fallen on hard time.
“I’ve always wanted to eat here and now I hope we’re not too late,” he said, worried.
“It’s fine,” Noelle said. “They stopped having entertainment about five years ago. But I hear the food is still good.” Alan made the effort getting to know Noelle, but wondered about his ability to take it to the next level. He didn’t see her becoming a scout for him unless he slept with her, and that might take some effort.
Noticing odd wounds on her legs and arms, almost too precise, Alan began to worry they were self-inflicted, but didn’t want to call attention to them. There was definitely something not quite right about Noelle, but he decided to let it go. Her value was in the facts she could gather.
The following week, he moved into her cramped apartment. Interspersing talk of their relationship with hints that he’d be going back to Galveston some day, he was trying to soften the blow for when he did take off again. “When I go back to Texas,” was a frequent phrase. But Noelle wasn’t listening, hearing only “I love you, I want you, I need you,” when they had sex, always with the lights off. She was in love with Alan and would do anything for him, anything at all.
“I’d even kill for you,” she said one night in the throws of passion.
“It’ll never come to that!” he replied. “Where’d you get a notion like that?” He rolled off her, frightened and disgusted.
Getting up and adjusting her clothes, Noelle fidgeted with something on her nightstand. “Chill Alan, it’s just a figure of speech. Talk about a mood buster.”
“I’ve got to admit it was a shocking thing to hear while in the middle of…well you know.”
“You can say it out loud, Alan. Sex. It was the middle of sex.”
Unable to contain his aversion, he got out of bed and went into the bathroom, locking the door. Something would have to happen soon because he didn’t know how much longer he could playact. Noelle was simply peculiar.
Chapter 7
On Monday of the week before the stranger spied on Ellen, an envelope with a New York return address was in the stack of mail Jessie passed over to Frank. “Looks like one of them TV producers heard about you and the girl and yer dancin’.” Frank looked at her, confused, rifling through the pile.
“This is the dance hall in Beauregard,” he said, waving the envelope at her. “Must be the New York headquarters on the return address.”
“Here, open up.” Jessie passed him a letter opener, wanting him to find out what it contained before he left the post office. He’d never share it with her otherwise.
He used the opener and pulled out a photocopy of a newspaper article; the city paper downriver got wind of Ellen and Frank dancing at the ninth grade graduation when someone sent in a picture. No one in the village saw it yet or they’d have plastered the article all over the beauty shop and café, and someone would have surely brought a paper into the garage.
“Bother,” he grumbled, frowning.
“What is it?” Jessie asked, craning her neck to see. Frank unfolded it, reading the letter that accompanied the article out loud.
“‘Dear Mr. McPherson. The Phillip Anderson Dance Academy is a nationally recognized school of dance.” Hardly a TV producer. “Our representative will be in your area soon and we would like to take the opportunity to speak with you about up-coming competitions.’ There’s a phone number to call.” He looked up at Jessie.
“Don’t get any ideas,” he said. But she just laughed.
“No worries, I got better things to do around here,” she said.
“You go do ‘em then,” Frank replied, but laughed. “See you tomorrow.” He nodded his head and she laughed back.
“Yep, tomorrow it is,” Jessie said and as soon as he was out the door, she picked up the phone to call Mary over at the café.
The talk of the town was the first dance at the ninth grade graduation dance. The lucky witnesses passed tissues around as the lovely young girl and her devoted father floated across the floor, bringing observers to tears. “She was born to dance,” Miss Logan, the owner of the beauty parlor said, wiping her eyes.
“And they’re not even related,” Margo Portland, the local nurse practitioner whispered. “Like two peas in a different pod.” Mary, also standing in the school gymnasium watching the dancers, frowned at the distorted expression.
“What’s that supposed to mean? It doesn’t make any sense, Margo. It’s like sayin’ dance partners gotta be related to dance well together. Seems to me it would be just the opposite.”
“Well, I don’t care,” Margo said wistfully. “He’s so handsome and she’s so cute. Some lucky woman will inherit that beautiful family… now that his wife is gone.”
“That’s an awful thing to say, Margo,” Mary burst out. “Jesus, show some sensitivity.”
“Why? You planning on moving in on him?” Miss Logan asked. “Little bird said you already did.”
Looking at Mary with a critical eye, at her city haircut and dye job, Miss Logan’s Beauty Salon wasn’t good enough for her. The beginnings of crow’s feet and jowls displayed on an otherwise attractive face belied that time was marching on, even for the popular Mary Cook. Misdirected snobbery comin’ from a waitress, Miss Logan thought. Mary was aging and not well, at that.
“This stupid conversation started because Margo called Frank and Ellen two peas in a different pod. What the hell does that have to do with dancing?”
“So now you’re a dance expert,” Miss Logan said, sniffing. Margo leaned over to Mary standing on Miss Logan’s other side.
“You’re jealousy is showing, Mary,” Margo said, grinning, egging her on. But she was serious.
“What? Of you? That’s a load of crap,” Mary said. “Shut your mouth, Margo Portland.” Mary and Margo were two of the single women in town who’d vied for Frank McPherson’s attention before Margaret’s car broke down and she drifted into his life. Now that she was dead, Mary would start haunting him again.
“Not of me, you idiot. Of Ellen,” Margo hissed. “It’s written all over your face, just so you know.”
“Why would I be jealous of a fifteen year old child?”
“You’re a story teller, Mary,” Miss Logan whispered. “I heard ‘em. You got a filthy mind.”
“I never said anything,” Mary murmured. But it wasn’t the time nor the place to talk about gossip she’d started, so rather than stay there engaging the women, she walked away.
While Frank and Ellen were gliding across the floor, they were whispering to each other about Mary, too. “Momma said she had cooties,” Ellen said. “I think she was right.”
“As wrong as it might be to say such a thing, I’m thinkin’ I got to agree with you,” Frank said, frowning. “She’s looking over here right now.”
“I see it,” Ellen said. “That’s my point. Watch yourself, Frank. She’s trouble.” The implication was clear; Ellen knew Mary was on the hunt.
“I got no interest in her whatsoever,” Frank said. “None. Never.”
“I’d be okay with it,” Ellen said softly. “As long as it weren’t Mary. I like Miss Portland, though. She might be someone. It’s not right that you’re alone.”
“Remember, your momma’s only been gone a few months,” Frank replied. “It just seems like forever.” Ellen put her head on his chest.
“It has been forever,” she said sadly. He held her a little tighter; the only time they touched was when they danced. What she said was the truth; Margaret hadn’t been there for her daughter once she’d lost her mind.
“I don’t need no other,” Frank said tenderly. “At least not today.” He looked down at her and smiled, kissing her hair. He didn’t think about other women. Working, taking care of Ellen and enjoying each day; those things filled his life and made it satisfying.
“What about Margo?” Ellen asked, pressing. “I like her a lot.”
“Really sister, I don’t need any of ‘um right now.”
The words were out of his mouth when Mary tapped on Ellen’s shoulder. “Mind if I cut in?” Not wanting to be rude, Ellen mumbled, “No” and moved away from Frank, but he pulled her closer to him.
“I do mind. This is Ellen’s special day, Mary.” He swirled her away, leaving Mary in the middle of the dance floor alone, with the eyes of the town burning into her.
Chapter 8
Running a rooming house and working at the café kept Mary busy for part of the day. In the afternoon, she tried to relax or take a nap. But when the sun went down, Mary got restless. Wanting a husband and family before it was too late, the driving force behind her social life was facilitating the opportunity to meet a man. Mary hadn’t given up on Frank, his disinterest only increased her desire. She wasn’t going to wait around for him though, and sunset triggered her need for companionship. “What am I sitting around here for?” she asked the empty room. Her closet was full of alluring outfits, and she’d dress to the nines with one goal and that was not to sleep alone that night. None of the one-night stands ever amounted to anything though, so she decided to try to snag Frank yet one more time, the rebuff at the dance still fresh in her mind but not humiliating enough to stop her.
Since he never went out at after work, holing up in that cottage with the girl, she’d make an excuse to stop at the garage on her way out before he closed. She’d walk around the block so she didn’t have to pass Miss Logan’s Beauty Salon, it obvious to Miss Logan why Mary was visiting the garage. Frank saw her coming and moaned; the woman wouldn’t take no for an answer.
“Since you don’t have one, I know you’re not here to get your car repaired,” he said, frowning. But Mary just laughed.
“Frank, come out with me. We’ll have fun. I’ve seen you dance with Ellen; we can go to Beauregard to the dance hall. No one from Seymour will know you’re there. Come on, please?”
When Margaret was still alive, it was the best excuse he had to reject her advances. “I’m a married man, Mary. I’m not going out with you, ever.” Once he started, he was often unable to stop. “I thought you were Margaret’s friend. She’d be crushed if she knew you were doin’ this.”
He’d made excuses so as not to hurt her feelings when the fact that his wife was still alive wasn’t enough; Ellen’s sitter had to get home, he was tired, he had work to do around the house.
Then, she used Ellen to get at him.
“Your girl needs a momma, Frank. I’ve known her since the first day they arrived in Seymour. I can do for her what you can’t. What will you do when she becomes a woman? She’ll need a momma then.” But he wouldn’t budge.
Incensed that he was still loyal to Margaret, Mary exploded. “How’d she know? Unless you told her, she’d be none the wiser. And my feeling is that she wouldn’t give a damn, Frank. Not a god-damn.” After Margaret died, he had to be brutal.
“I’m not interested, Mary. Is that clear enough for ya? Now go on home and leave me alone. Have some self-respect for durn sake.”
Livid, Mary stamped off, forgetting to cross the street, passing the salon with Miss Logan shaking her head in disgust and pity.

In ten years, Mary visited Margaret once a week. She made the twenty mile round bus trip to Hallowsbrook. Being with Margaret was like old times, like the first time at the café when she and Ellen came into town.
Bringing along coffee in cardboard cups for every visit, they’d sit in Margaret’s private room and whisper like conspirators, Mary sharing gossip from town and Margaret news she’d picked up eavesdropping on the nurses. When the coffee was gone, they’d walk the grounds together, reminiscing, talking about their fake futures. Margaret spoke of going back to work in the city in an insurance office, which clothes she’d buy, who’d she hire to watch little Ellen, and then bigger Ellen, and finally, teenaged Ellen. Mary talked about her wedding, who she’d ask to stand up for her.
“Margaret, you would be the matron of honor.”
“Oh, that’s a terrible sounding title,” she said, moaning. “I don’t want to be the matron of anything. Let me be the maid.” She watched Mary fiddling with something on her bedside table. “Who are you planning on marrying, anyway?”
“No one, yet. I wish Frank had a brother, though.”
“If you wait long enough, I’ll be dead and then you can have the real thing instead of wishin’ for a brother.”
“Don’t say that! Frank’s just a friend. And you’ll live a long time.”
Margaret looked at her out of the corner of her eye. She wondered if Mary was bothering Frank since she’d been locked away, the way Mary was bothering her. She didn’t try every visit, but Margaret could tell when an assault was coming.
“No, I don’t want to,” she’d say pushing her away. “What if a nurse walks in?” or “What would Frank say? He’d be so hurt.”
“Let’s be together, Margaret, I miss you,” she cried. “No one will ever know. Why do you care if Frank’s hurt or not? It’s his fault you’re in here.” Mary heard the gossip about Frank making the choice, deciding not to fight the courts for his wife’s freedom in return for keeping her child.
“How’s it his fault?” she’d ask. But Mary didn’t tell her.
Once the conversation rolled around to Frank, it would decelerate, and Margaret would withdrawal. She did not want to talk about Frank to Mary. Nothing had changed from the days she was free, living at home and Mary a voyeur.

“I guess you probably need to head for Seymour,” she said when she wanted Mary to go, or straight out, “It’s time for you to leave, Mary. I’m getting tired.”
Finally, Margaret stopped speaking to Mary, same as she had to her family.
“If you aren’t going to talk to me, I guess there’s no point in my coming all this way,” Mary said. Margaret tossed her head, but she didn’t say a word, and Mary, unable to stay away from her would still come every week, or more often, stopping for carryout coffee on the way just like she always had.
Slowly deteriorating, schizophrenic episodes of longer duration were replacing the short periods of normalcy, and visitors could never be sure what they’d be faced with; the lucid, sweet and talkative Margaret, or the suspicious, hostile, mumbling Margaret. Even the sweet Margaret was sneaky and if they didn’t watch carefully, stole knives off patient trays or hoarded her medication.
“Be sure to watch your back,” the nurses warned one another. Margaret could be violent, too, lashing out at the nurses who resorted to restraining her. In time, the drug side effects took a toll on her, and she became lethargic and finally, somnolent. It was during these times that Frank felt most helpless. He and Ellen would sit at her bedside and wait for her to wake up. Aware they were in her room, she would ignore them or play possum.
“Your family was here all afternoon,” the nurse said. “You missed seeing your husband and daughter. He is so handsome and she’s so cute.”
“What do I care?” she drawled. “They mean nothing to me. He’s not even her father.” The nurses were appalled; the staff witnessed the love and tenderness between the father and daughter, and they told Margaret as often as they remembered to that she was a lucky woman to have such a caring man for a husband.
“You really don’t know how lucky you are, Margaret. I’ve seen patients whose husband’s bring the girlfriend along. You might want to try a little harder to stay awake when Frank visits.” Margaret started laughing.
“You are clueless,” Margaret retorted. “I wish the man would move on with his life. Do you think I enjoy the two of them coming here in their dress-up clothes, waiting for me to perform? It’s bad enough that I’m here and not seeing my daughter growing up.” She turned her back and lay back down. “I wish I was dead.”
The nurse left the room, but she recorded her conversation with Margaret. It was the first time she’d mentioned death. And then, as though contemplating how selfish she’d been, as if she had any control over her behavior, Margaret’s mental state made a complete turn around. The nursing staff wrote it was as if the drugs she’d been getting for years suddenly started to work.
Claiming she felt better, more aware and in touch than she had in years, Margaret told Margo, her nurse practitioner, that she wanted to get better so she could go home. She wanted to raise Ellen. “I feel like my friend, Mary is just chompin’ at the bit for me to give up the ghost so she can make a move on my family.” So if that was what was motivating Margaret, they would use it, reminding her how much her family loved her.
Frank and Ellen were stunned. “You’ve become such a lovely young woman,” Margaret told Ellen. “I’m so proud you’re my daughter.”
And to Frank, “I can never thank you enough for the father you’ve been to her.” They were thrilled with what was happening, agreeing it was time to petition the county when word reached them she was dead. Margaret had made such a startling improvement that her death was completely unexpected. Reams of paper with facts were filed away, just in case the family decided to sue. But Frank and Ellen had those last words of praise from Margaret.
The funeral planning was drudgery. Ellen and Frank went through Margaret’s clothes, trying to choose a dress for her to wear in the casket. Finally deciding on her wedding dress although it was much too small, it didn’t have to fasten down the back. Makeup applied skillfully and her hair just so, she looked like the young, beautiful, sane Margaret Frank first met.
Chapter 9
Medical records in Saint Augustine belonging to patient Margaret Ann Fisher were waiting for discovery. Already scanned onto microfilm, the canisters gathered dust on rows of metal shelving along with the records of thousands of other patients, none as sought after as Margaret and Ellen Fisher. Noelle worked quickly, worried that unless she produced evidence for Alan he’d be on his way back to Texas. Not meaning to, she’d fallen in love with him. His pompous hot-air-bag personality was just the opposite of her pathologically shy, hesitant timidity. Whatever she could do to get him to stick around, she’d do. After their discussion about Margaret, a friend in medical records gave her copies of microfiche of all the deliveries that took place the nine months after Alan left for Galveston. In the basement of the library, they divided the film manually scanning each roll. After four hours, Alan found it.
“Here it is!” He yelled. Noelle got up from her chair and moved closer to him so she could peek in the eyepiece.
“Margaret Fisher, aged thirty-two,” she read. Alan gasped.
“Thirty-two? No way,” he announced. “She was younger than me. Keep reading. I don’t think I can, I’m so nervous.”
“It’s her address. 85 Oak Lane, Saint Augustine. Secretary, Hartland Insurance.” She skimmed unimportant facts.
“Okay, are you ready?” She pulled back from the eyepiece and looked at him.
“I don’t know if I am or not,” he said nervously.
“Well, you better make up your mind, because once you know for sure about having a child, it will change your life.” Alan wasn’t sure how Noelle would know about such things since she’d never mentioned having a child.
“All right. Read,” he said.
“Okay, here goes. Live birth of a six pound, eight ounce female at two pm.” She leaned back to look at him again and he was pale, sweat on his forehead. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I’m not sure,” he replied. He thought, I’ve been a selfish asshole all my life and now when I’m preparing to take advantage of yet another woman, I discover I have a kid. What the hell? Before he opened his mouth, he came back to his senses. “Keep reading.”
“There’s not much more here, just what they did to her, and her date of discharge. It looks like she only stayed a day.”
“Is there a name?” he asked. “For the baby?” Noelle turned the knob on the side of the machine as she scrolled through the film.
“Ellen Marie,” she said. “Fisher. Ellen Marie Fisher.” Alan was numb. He never thought of having his own kid. Now, here was this thing; he had a daughter. He looked off into space and tried to figure out how old she’d be.
“When was this?”
Noelle repeated the date. “She was fifteen in April.” Alan turned to look at her.
“I have a fifteen-year-old daughter?” he asked, incredulous. His face was twisted, the handsome Alan reduced to the distressed Alan, all cockiness and ego swept away. “How the hell is that possible? That bitch! Why didn’t she tell me?” Noelle grabbed his shoulder.
“Shush,” she whispered. “You left for the Persian Golf, remember?” Alan did remember; he left with Margaret’s ten grand. Capable of feeling shame, that did it for him.
“Is there any more to see? Because if there isn’t, I want to get out of here.” She bent over and looked in the viewer, scrolling through more documents.
“Nope, looks like it was a normal birth and she left the next day.” He pushed away from the table, eager to be in a place where he was free to explode.
“Now what the hell am I going to do? She’s nowhere around here. We’ve looked.” Noelle resisted telling him to grow up.
“Be patient, Alan,” she said soothingly, desperate. “I’ll think of something.”

The next morning, Noelle left for work and Alan set out on foot, walking to Margaret’s old neighborhood again. He didn’t know what to do or how to begin searching for her. When he reached the house, Margaret’s landlady was in front pulling weeds out of the flower bed.
Alan cleared his throat to give her a warning he was behind her on the sidewalk. She turned, shielding her eyes from the morning sun. “All full,” she said. “Expectin’ a vacancy next Friday, if you kin wait that long.”
“I came to ask about one of your former tenants.” He reached out his hand to shake, but instead she took it trying to get out of the crouching position and grunted, using it to pull her body up.
“Who might that be?” she asked, wiping her gloved hands over her dress.
“Margaret Fisher,” he said. She screwed her face up and looked over her shoulder, and then back, giving him the stink eye.
“That was a long time ago,” she answered. He launched right in with the facts and his lies, no reason to keep back a thing because it would give him more clout. A child always made a big difference in a sob story. She nodded her head.
“Ay, she did have a baby. Moved from a big apartment right there,” she pointed to the front first floor, “to a studio up on top. ‘To save money,’ she told me. She sold all her furniture. I bought a few pieces myself. ‘That table belonged to my mother,’ she said. I can show you if you want.” Alan was trying to stay calm.
“When did she leave?” he didn’t want to rush the woman, but needed to ask the questions as they came to him. The landlady screwed up her face again in thought.
“I don’t remember exactly,” she answered. “But the little girl been walkin’ for a long while already. And talking. She was talking real good.” Alan tried to remember the exact date that Margaret had contacted him about moving to Galveston. It was in late spring, thirteen years before. The little girl, little Ellen Marie, would have been about two, talking and walking.
“Why’d they leave?” She screwed her face up again.
“Let me think. She got family somewhere out west, I’m pretty sure that’s what she said. It’s been so long my memory can’t be sure. She sold all her stuff again, what she collected since having the baby and all. I do remember that. We made a deal that I’d hold on to a few things for her and if it didn’t work out and she’d be back, she’d get it. But I never heard from her again.” Alan was afraid to walk away from the landlady because he might remember to ask something.
“If I think of anything else, do you mind if I come back?”
“No, not at all,” she said. “And the same with me. How can I get in touch with you if I remember anything?”
“You got a pen?” Alan asked. She waved him to the porch.
“Wait here while I get one,” she said, pulling herself up the steps by the handrail. She went inside and returned with a pen and paper. He recited Noelle’s phone number.
“Anything you think of, don’t hesitate to call me,” he said. “And thank you very much.” He tipped an imaginary hat as he walked down the path from her house. He didn’t know anymore more than he did before he approached her, but she confirmed that Margaret left Florida for Texas thirteen years ago with a two-year-old daughter.
Noelle knew he was struggling with the new information that he had a child, but that was no reason for him not to look for a job, too. She handed him a section of the classified ads, possible jobs circled. “You need to keep looking, even with unemployment. The payments are apt to stop if they find out you aren’t going on interviews.” The next morning, Noelle left for work at five and he left Florida for good, driving toward Texas with one thought; try to find out what had happened to Margaret and his daughter thirteen years ago.
Chapter 10
Ellen was sorting through a bucket of bolts in the garage when Frank walked through the door with the mail. “We made the city paper last Friday,” he said, digging through the pile. Pulling out the envelope from the Phillip Anderson Dance Studio, Inc. he passed it over to her. Frowning she delicately took the folded paper out of the envelope.
“Oh boy, this is an awful picture of me,” she complained, holding it up. “Look at how skinny my legs are. I should have worn nylon stockings. I’m too old for anklets.” She handed the paper off to her stepfather and they looked at the picture together.
“But it’s a good picture of you, I think. We make a fine lookin’ dance team, Frank.” She started to laugh.
“Your legs look fine,” Frank said. “But my paunch.” He clicked his tongue and they laughed together. “We’ll never be satisfied.”
“No, I don’t guess we will,” Ellen said.
“Do you have any desire to take dance lessons?” Frank asked.
“We already dance nice,” she said. “Keep that for my scrapbook, but no other reason.” He folded the article up and threw the envelope in the trash, Phillip Anderson forgotten.

While Frank went about repairing the cars that lined up outside of the garage and Ellen turned to her fiction novel, flipping through the pages to find her place, Alan Johnson pulled into the Overlook Drive-in in Mobile for lunch. He’d been on the road since Noelle had left for work that morning. It was getting hot already, too hot to eat in the car. The air conditioning hit his face when he entered. “Sit where you want,” a man in a white apron said. He slid onto the first stool at the counter although he had the whole place to himself. Pulling the greasy menu from the holder, he flipped through it and decided quickly.
“Grilled cheese and a Coke,” he said to the waitress, poised with her ticket book in her hand.
“Pickles and chips?”
“Just chips,” he said, glancing over at a booth under the window; a folded paper on the bench seat forgotten by the last patron. “Mind if I take a look at that paper?”
“Help yerself,” she said.
“Afraid I’ll fall asleep while I’m eatin’ if I don’t have something to read,” he said.
“Been drivin’ a long time?” she asked, putting a glass filled with ice down on the counter in front of him. She got a bottle opener out and popped the cap off a bottle of Coca Cola.
“Since daybreak,” he answered. “Got my wife off to work and headed west.” As planned, the wife reference would either shut her up if there were ideas of a possible connection, or not faze her if she was just being talkative.
“Where you comin’ from?” she asked, turning to look at the greasy wall clock. “Lord, that’s six hours worth of drivin’.”
“Saint Augustine,” he said, stifling a yawn. A bell rung and she turned to the shelf, his sandwich was waiting under a red heat lamp.
“Here you go,” she said, sliding it to him. “Mobile your destination?” Alan looked at her sideways. “I ask ‘cause we get a lot a travelers headin’ to New Orleans.”
“In that general direction,” he answered. “You got any tips for travelers?”
“Just be careful at the next intersection,” she warned. “We get people in here for lunch who make the wrong turn and then they’re back at dinnertime after wastin’ a couple a’ hours drivin’ around.”
“Okay, I’ll be careful,” he said. “Where’d they end up?”
She pointed over her shoulder. “Upriver. Towns up north. A lot of ‘em in Seymour.” Alan froze, hearing the name again after thirteen years, Margaret leaving the message for him that her car broke down in Seymour.
The bell rang and she turned to get another lunch order. Alan bit into the sandwich, the grilled bread crispy with butter on the outside, the cheese oozing. He reached for the paper, unfolding it on the counter leaving greasy fingerprints. It was Friday’s paper, old local news, but not to him. He read while he chewed, about unemployment and a murder downtown, rising food prices and the weather. Nothing important registered, even as he skimmed over the picture of a young girl and her father, dancing together at her graduation. Ellen Fisher and her stepfather, Frank McPherson, dance partners at Longbow Middle School Ninth Grade Graduation. The significance of what he read wouldn’t hit him until later, having already forgotten the baby’s name.
The infamous wrong road was a two-lane highway, dotted with abandoned buildings and small gas stations and an occasional road sign pointing to towns east and west. He imagined Margaret on the same road, not realizing she was lost at first, with a small child in the backseat. Driving north for an hour, he pulled into a gas station to call Noelle before she left work. She’d have to monitor her words and the time she kept him on the phone would be limited, unlike a call to her apartment.
“Where are you?” she asked, keeping her voice low.
“I’m going to stay here for the night,” he said, ignoring her question. “I took a detour from the main highway, and there’s a string of small towns that I want to check out.”
“Alan, it sounds like a waste of your time. It’s like a wild goose chase.” Something about her tone struck a cord; she was bossing him and he couldn’t abide by it. But he needed Noelle and her money if this turned out to be what she was prophesying; a wild goose chase and he had to return to Saint Augustine.
“Yes, well it’s all I’ve got right now.” He told her what the waitress at the restaurant said about people often taking a wrong turn, heading to the towns north, the familiar sounding name of Seymour. All he wanted to do was hang up on Noelle. He tried to remember the circumstances of Margaret calling him the last time; her car had broken down on a Friday and she would see him the next week. Did he hear from her again once she was on the road? He recognized that he’d used her like he was using Noelle, taking her money with no intention of paying it back. No wonder she didn’t tell him there was a child; he couldn’t be trusted. “I better hang up. It’s getting late and I need to find a place to stay.” Noelle was reluctant to let him go, she could hear the tension in his voice, the change when she criticized him.
“It’s not that I don’t think you’ll find her,” she said. “Just that it’s so unlikely.” There was silence on the other end of the line, but she could hear him breathing.
“Think of someway to find the child,” he said. “I’m hanging up now.” She reluctantly said goodbye, realizing after that she didn’t have any more information about him than his name. If he didn’t call her again, she wouldn’t have a clue where to find him.
“Wait!” she yelled, but it was too late. He’d already hung up.

Alan got back in his car and continued north. A sign for Beauregard, Pop. 12,000, larger than the other signs scattered along the road, directed him to make a right turn. It looked promising, the small shacks he passed switched to larger homes with well-kept lawns guiding him into town. The road ld to a bridge across the river and on the other side of the river the houses changed again, this time into brick apartment buildings and older, Victorian homes, some with elaborate signs in front announcing rooms for rent. It was getting late, the sun starting down its course, casting shadows and bathing what was in its path in golden light. Pulling into the driveway of the least pretentious of the houses, he got out his wallet to count his cash. His last unemployment check was seventy dollars and he had half of it left, along with a new credit card with a five hundred dollar limit from which he’d taken one hundred dollars. He’d better make it last. Not bothering to lock his car, he got his bag out of the backseat and walked around to the front door of the house. A large, hand painted sign said this house was Towering Pines. He looked upward and sure enough, towering above the high peaked roof were pine trees. The house had a deep porch with shabby but inviting seating interspersed with tea tables running the length of the house. A large window next to the door revealed a lighted desk at which a young woman sat reading. Alan knocked on the door and the woman looked up at him, put her book down and walked to the door.
“Can I help you?” she asked, unsmiling.
“I need a room for the night,” he said. “Maybe longer.” She stepped aside so he could pass through. The house was dark, the only light coming from the desk lamp.
“Ten dollars cash a night includes breakfast. If you want dinner, it’s another five a day.” He looked down at the floor. It was more than he wanted to pay but didn’t think he’d find anywhere cheaper. She added, “Or fifty a week, paid in advance.” Taking five tens out of his wallet, the place could be his command center. If he didn’t discover anything in a week, he’d go back to Saint Augustine.
“Okay, I’ll stay a week, to start,” he said, looking at her for the first time. She was not as attractive up close, one of those women of indeterminate age, but she might be older than he thought; maybe more like thirty than twenty. “This your folks place?” She looked up at him, surprised.
“No,” she said sharply. “Mine. Why do you ask?” He scrambled, trying to cover his faux pas.
“I’m sorry,” he replied quickly. “I’m impressed, that’s all. This is a lovely town and an impressive house.” He didn’t add what he was thinking. I can’t even afford to rent a room let alone own a house.
“Beauregard is a great little town,” she said, relaxing.
“What’s the industry here?” She looked at him curiously.
“The mental hospital,” she answered, amazed. “I thought everyone knew that.” His original plan was to be honest about why he was there, looking for Margaret and his child. But his nature was to sneak around. Common sense caught up with him and he changed his mind.
“I’m not from these parts,” he said, scrambling again. “In addition to the mental hospital; any commerce? I’m looking for a job.” She turned to a stack of paper behind the desk and handed it to him.
“There are a few small places around, some hiring, too.” He nodded his head to her.
“Thank you very much,” he said.
“Your room’s at the top of the stairs, to the right. Just three others here now; Mr. Rosen, on this floor, Emil in the lower level, and Miss Logan above the garage. Miss Logan owns the beauty shop in Seymour. On Sunday’s she’ll cut your hair free if you buy her lunch.”
“Who’s talking about me?” an attractive, middle-aged woman walked into the room from the back of the house.
“When’d you get home?” the owner asked. She looked at Alan. “I’m Cate by the way. This is Miss Logan.”
“Just now,” she answered, sticking her hand out to shake Alan’s. “Well, you’re tall.” Alan burst out laughing.
“I guess I am to some people,” he said. He was anxious to get started looking around town before the sun was down, but forced himself to relax and listen to their banter.
“Can I make tea?” Miss Logan asked Cate. “The salon was steady all day and I’m famished but too tired for dinner.”
“I’ll make it,” she answered. “That’s the reason for tea time. Will you have tea, Mr. Johnson?”
“Okay,” he said, fighting the urge to look at his watch. “Where’s your salon again?”
“Seymour,” Miss Logan answered. “It’s upriver, a raggedy little town with one café, my salon, a garage and a crappy grocery store.” Cate laughed out loud.
“Seymour’s not that bad,” she said. “It’s just too far from Mobile. If you want to hop on a plane, you need to go to Mobile. Need a big department store? Mobile again.”
“I’m there everyday,” Miss Logan replied. “It’s got a small town mentality. Beauregard is more convenient to Mobile and it’s just nicer. I wish my shop was here.”
“Don’t let that get around,” Cate said.
“What do you mean by the small town mentality?” Alan asked. He didn’t really care, but was trying to be polite. He was back at Seymour. That name would haunt him.
“Entitlement,” Miss Logan said. “The old timers think they should be making the decisions for everyone.” A look came over her face, and she looked at Alan out of the corner of her eye.
“If you ever go there, watch out for the single-women,” Miss Logan said. Cate gasped.
“Oh my God yes, he’d be a huge hit,” she said. Alan frowned, but he was secretly pleased.
“What do you mean?” he asked, playing dumb.
“No single men in town,” Miss Logan said, hinting.
“Unless you count the baggers at the grocery store,” Cate replied.
“You mean the unwashed bearded fellows?” Miss Logan asked. “They don’t count, unless you’re Mary.” Cate gasped again.
“I don’t think even Mary would be hard up enough to go on a date with a bagger, Miss Logan!”
“Who’s Mary?” Alan asked.
“If you stick around long enough, you’ll meet her,” Cate said. “She’s a regular here in town, goes to the clubs and bars. There’s no place to hang out in Seymour, not for young single women.”
“Mary is not young,” Miss Logan said, sniffing. “She’s well into her thirties.” They looked at Alan, inquiringly.
“Forty-five,” he answered, laughing. “Is that too old?”
“No, it’s perfect,” Cate said, nodding toward Miss Logan. “You’ll have a huge range of pickins if you don’t mind ladies a few years older than you are.”
“Geez, thanks a lot! Besides, he might be married,” Miss Logan said. Both sets of eyes riveted on his face, hopeful the answer would be no. Alan was a rogue, always on the lookout for another pretty face, but he had a mission there along the river, and he wanted to try to put his best foot forward. People might be more willing to help him locate Margaret and her daughter if they thought they’d been married.
“Yes, I’m married,” he said. “But we’re separated.” Hopeful stares turned to compassionate.
“Oh, we’re sorry,” Cate said.
“Don’t be,” Alan said. “It was amicable and happened a long time ago. I’d like to move on with my life, maybe find a job here.” He flushed, angry that he’d said so much. Because of his big mouth, someday he might have to admit that he hadn’t seen his child in years. With his lie about being married, he opened another can of worms. What kind of a father was he that he’d let his child out of his sight? He quickly changed the subject.
“So tell me about you both?” he said, not caring at all. He took a sip of tea and it had grown cold and tasteless. He put the cup back down.
“Cate you go first,” Miss Logan prompted. “He’s already heard about me.”
“There’s nothing to tell,” she said smiling. “I spend my days making repairs on this place and cleaning the rooms.”
“You must meet a lot of interesting people,” Alan said, smiling. “And serve them tea in the afternoon.” Cate’s looks were growing on him. She was attractive in a plain, athletic way. He was guessing her age to be closer to forty now that he was talking to her. She’d be a good one to have in his cache if it rolled around to that. If he grew desperate again.
“Yes, I guess I do,” Cate replied. Miss Logan smiled a broad, happy smile. She’d love a romance right under her nose if it couldn’t happen for her.
“If you’re looking for work, you must be planning on staying here for a while,” Miss Logan said. The subject thrown back on him, he kept backing himself into a corner. Not really wanting a job, he just needed to keep looking to keep the unemployment check coming. But this wasn’t information he wanted the world to know. His old ways of wanting to be front of center were not working for him this afternoon.
“We’ll see how things go.” He stood up and extended his hand, eager to get away from teatime before he said something too revealing again. “Thank you both for a fascinating afternoon. I think I’ll go to my room and prepare for the evening.” Miss Logan gave him her hand first.
“How long are you staying?” she asked.
“He paid for a week,” Cate said. “We have seven days to drill him for more information.” But she said it teasingly.
“I’ll go back to my car and get my bags,” he said. Noelle popped into his mind. He wasn’t going to go back to Saint Augustine, but he wasn’t going to let her know.
Chapter 11
After sunset, Alan Johnson left the boarding house to walk along the riverfront. Restaurants and shops stayed open late, and the streets outside of pubs and cafés were crowded with bistro tables and chairs. Those lucky enough to get seating after an hour’s wait were eating and drinking outdoors, people watching. Alan was in a quandary. He knew all he had to do was ask and someone was bound to know where Margaret was. It was while he was strolling along, that the name Ellen Fisher hit him. Ellen Marie. Ellen Marie Fisher. Ellen Fisher and her stepfather; the newspaper at the Overlook Drive-in. Ellen Fisher and her stepfather, Frank McPherson, dance partners at Longbow Middle School Ninth Grade Graduation. His heart was thumping in his chest.
Pushing his way through the crowded streets, he stopped at an open drug store and went inside, asking for a phone. It was at the back of the store, and he went in, shutting the folding door behind him. It was hot in the booth, but he didn’t mind it, the sweat beading on his upper lip as he thumbed through the Clarke County phone book. He came to McPherson, grateful his memory didn’t fail him. He pointed to the first names and went down the list; Albert, Cosmos, Benjamin, David, Enid, Frank. Step-father, Frank McPherson. He saw the address and tried to memorize it. Putting down the book, he opened up the folding door.
“You gotta map of the area?” he asked the pharmacist. The man dug around behind the counter and came up with a tattered map.
“You can go in the back room if you need to spread that out,” the man said. Alan thanked him, nervous about being so conspicuous. Checking the index of towns, he found Seymour, the address smack dab on the river. It looked easy enough to get to from Beauregard if he just went upriver ten miles. He’d have to figure out how to get through that wood; Comstock Forest, a green area that extended from the address to a large tan area called Hallowsbrook.
“What’s Hallowsbrook?” he asked, bringing the map back to the pharmacist.
“Why it’s the state hospital,” he said. “One of the few left in the country. For the criminally insane.”
“Is that right?” Alan asked, intrigued. “Thanks for the use of the map.”
“My pleasure.” Alan walked back to the boarding house, and when he got there, he decided he was going to go to Seymour and find Ellen. He might not approach her, but he wanted to know where she was. He didn’t want to call, either. What would he say?
At Towering Pines, he didn’t go inside. Cate wouldn’t know he’d come back unless she looked out and saw that his car was gone. He remembered the way to the edge of town and the state hospital according to the map. It was a winding road through what appeared to be a lovely, although poorly lit neighborhood. Reaching the hospital, he parked his car outside the gates at the river. He was going to creep along the banks past the forest. Dark woods didn’t bother him, but river creatures did, so in the places where fallen logs obstructed his path or marshy areas ruined his shoes he cursed, sorry he hadn’t changed them to a pair of sneakers. After an hour of bushwhacking through the black woods, he reached a clearing.
He saw her right away. The house was modest; a small cottage in the clearing and a young girl on the porch with her feet up on the step, her head resting on her knees. He watched her for at least ten minutes, and then suddenly she sprung up and ran into the house, yelling “Frank.”
Alan turned back and trudged as quickly as he could back to his car, covering the miles in less than an hour this time. He drove to Cate’s, happy there wasn’t anyone to see his return, just in case trespassing was a crime. His shoes were dry by the time he’d arrived, and he took them off and slapped them together to rid them of the sand that clung to the soles. He tiptoed up to his room and it wasn’t until he shut the door and leaned against it that he realized he was breathing hard, frightened. He’d seen his daughter. Ellen Fisher.

The next morning, he woke up as soon as he smelled coffee. Miss Logan and a rangy looking character by the name of Emil Magda were sitting at the large rectangular table, having coffee and scrambled eggs and toast.
“We help ourselves for breakfast,” Miss Logan said. “Scrambled egg casserole with bacon and toast this mornin’. Cate does good by us in the food department.” Alan nodded and went to the sideboard. There was a stainless steel pan with a can of Sterno under it. Seemed like overkill for so few people, but he supposed it kept her from having to serve everyone separately. Next to a bowl of fruit salad stood a toaster and a loaf of white bread. He decided the more he could eat at the house, the less money he’d have to spend on food, so he put two pieces of bread in the toaster and heaped up the eggs and fruit. He pulled a chair out next to Miss Logan.
“Emil Magda, meet Alan,” Miss Logan said. “Emil here works maintenance down at the state mental hospital.” Alan looked over at the man; was he a man? It was difficult to tell, he was very slender, and appeared to be tall, with shoulder length, thick wavy hair and brown eyes with long eyelashes, like a cow. Alan looked at the man’s chest; he might have small breasts under his clothes. Wearing a standard khaki short-sleeved work shirt with a pocket protector in the pocket, he also had dark-rimmed glasses and dirty fingernails. His hands confirmed his gender for Alan; no woman would go around with fingernails like that, even if she were a grease monkey. It made him sick to watch the man eat, scooping up eggs with a knife and toast instead of using a fork. He nodded in Emil’s direction after the introduction but didn’t try to engage him and he didn’t seem interested in Alan, either, thank God.
Alan anxiously waited for the man to finish and go to work if that’s where he was headed, so he could find a way to get Miss Logan to talk about Seymour. Surely if she was a hairdresser in the town of Seymour, she’d know of the Fisher women. Or was it Margaret McPherson?
Miss Logan took a carafe of coffee off a trivet in front of her and poured a cup. “You want coffee, Emil?” He shook his head.
“Gotta get going to work,” he said, pushing his chair from the table. 
He put his plate and napkin in a bin for dirty dishes and left without saying goodbye. Alan slowly exhaled. The guy gave him the creeps.
“Coffee for you?” she asked Alan and he nodded, pushing his cup toward her.
“Do you work today?” he asked. She nodded her head.
“Yep, goin’ in a moment. Sleepy old Seymour, the women there need to get their hair done just like the big city dwellers do.” 
She had no way of knowing that a sheriff’s car would zoom through town on its way to Frank’s that morning, looking at footprints in the sand at the river’s edge and that she was talking to the very culprit.
“What do the women in town do for a livin’?” he asked. “Doesn’t seem like much industry there.”
“No, that’s true. But we have the café and they hire two waitresses who’ve been there twenty years. Mary and June. And of course, the grocery; they got two women workin’ the cash registers. Over at the clinic, Margo is the nurse practitioner. And that leaves the Post Office and Jessie the postmistress. No one else hiring but me, and my beauticians come from other places, just like I do.” She smiled at Alan. “And you know what? They’re all single. Not a married one among em’, not a one. What do you suppose that stems from?”
“You must have a lot of bachelors,” he said, amused.
“Well, we got the baggers at the grocery; most of them homeless, too, or live in a trailer home down in Mobile and take the bus in everyday, and then of course, there’s Frank. But I doubt if Frank will give any of the gals in Seymour the time of day. He never did before his wife showed up and now she’s gone, it don’t look like he’s much interested again.” 
Margaret was gone? Alan’s heart skipped a beat. He wondered before why the picture didn’t mention a mother. And the little girl yelled for “Frank,” not Mom when he frightened her last night.
“What happened to his wife?” 
Alan tried not to seem too interested, or too eager, but it made no difference to Miss Logan because she launched right in.
“Oh, that’s such a sad story. I remember the day Margaret came to Seymour. She had the kind of looks that make everyone; man, woman and dog stop and take notice. The car she was drivin, an old beat up thing, died right in front of Frank’s garage.”
“Why’d she come to Seymour?” Alan interrupted.
“Evidently, she was on her way to some place in Texas and got lost. Travelers make a wrong turn back in Mobile and end up in Seymour, but Margaret was the first I knew of that stayed. Anyway, she had a little one with her, so Frank had her to wait over in the café across the street from his garage. If you ever visit the town, you best try the pie at the café. Any kind is delicious. My favorite is the cherry.” She sipped her coffee and Alan waited.
“I will definitely try the pie,” Alan replied patiently. “What happened next?”
“Frank needed a part for her car so he couldn’t get it fixed for a few days. Mary, the waitress I told you about at the café, also rents rooms in her house and arranged for Margaret and the little girl to stay there. Over that weekend she and Frank fell in love and she never left Seymour.”
Hearing this, Alan became livid. It took one weekend for that whore of a woman to hook the only single guy in town. He struggled to slow his breathing down so Miss Logan would keep talking; he wanted to yell at her but knew he wouldn’t get much more out of her if he did.
“When did they get married?” Alan asked softly, his pulse pounding in his throat.
“They waited a month. The town talked regardless. Frank was a bachelor and didn’t date much at all that we could see after high school.” She leaned closer and whispered. “There was even talk that he might be, you know, sweet.” 
Disgusted Alan ignored her. Getting her to talk about what was happening in Frank and Margaret’s lives now might anger Miss Logan once the truth about him came out, but it was a risk he was willing to take.
“Their marriage has lasted all these years, so that mustn’t be an issue,” he stated, trying to get down to business.
“Oh yes, that’s true. They were happily married until she took sick. Spent the last ten years of her life in the mental hospital, right up until she died last March.” The wind sucked out of Alan’s lungs, he gasped, but Miss Logan didn’t notice and continued talking. “They were only together those few years and then the judge committed her to Hallowsbrook. Me and the rest of the people thought it was premature; it didn’t seem like they’d given her much time to clean up her act. But the judge threatened Frank, or so the story goes. Either allow the commitment to stay in place or lose the girl.” 
Alan thought of what it would mean for a man to have to care for a small child all those years. He remembered Ellen’s scream for Frank in the dark. He was her source of protection when Alan didn’t even know she existed. Strange feelings of jealousy were trying to work to the surface, but he wasn’t going to pretend he was something he wasn’t. He might not have been involved in the kid’s life even if he’d known about her when she was an infant, thinking back to a time when it was so easy to take the woman’s money and skip out on her. She’d pleaded with him and he wondered now if it was because she knew she was pregnant. The janitor back in Saint Augustine said she’d lost her job; she must have felt desperate. At the time, if he was honest with himself it wouldn’t have mattered.
He felt differently now. Margaret was dead and the kid was his flesh and blood, maybe. He had to know. If she wasn’t his, he’d be fine with it. But she might be. There were new tests, blood tests that could determine almost one hundred percent if a child was a man’s own. He read the paper, he knew about such things. Getting to the point of demanding such a test had to be navigated with finesse. It would mean approaching Frank McPherson. Miss Logan could fill in the blanks and make it possible for him to sound like he knew what he was looking for when the time came.
“How’d Margaret act that got her into trouble? Was it something Frank knew from the get-go? Or did it take him by surprise?”
“Oh no, no one knew about it. She was insane. Mary said she saw right away, but it wasn’t her business. Now Mary is a busy body, so you can’t be sure to trust what she says. I myself didn’t see anything untoward. Right after the wedding, they stayed isolated out at Frank’s place. He did all the shopping and what have you, Margaret stayed home with the child and did the garden. The garden is fabulous, by the way; you need a treat for the eye, go out to Frank and Ellen’s and see it for yerself.” Alan stifled a yawn; he’d have to keep steering Miss Logan back to the story.
“So when could Frank tell she was sick?” Miss Logan looked at him strangely.
“She was mental, not sick. If I remember correctly, she kept takin’ off. He’d have to enlist the aid of the sheriff’s office from time to time and they usually found her within an hour. But the last time she was gone over a period of days and the judge thought that was enough reason to lock her away for good. She’d already had thirty day stints and they’d give her drugs and electric shock.” Alan reeled and this time she noticed. “Yep, you heard me. Even that wasn’t enough.”   
As much as his curiosity was peaked, he’d heard all he could bear. He was a man, not a monster. He did have feelings of a sort for the woman at one time. Imagining her being kooky enough to have to be electrocuted made him feel awful. But he had one more question.
“How’d she die?” He was almost afraid to ask, but his curiosity got the best of him.
“No one knows,” Miss Logan said. But then she leaned in and whispered. “Mary, Miss Busy Body, visited Margaret every week. She was the only one allowed to go in. She said she took her own life.”
“She killed herself?” Alan asked, horrified.
“That’s what it means,” Miss Logan replied. “She was perfectly fine one day and dead the next.”
“How? How’d she do it?”
She shook her head. “No idea. Don’t even know if it’s true. There was something not right between Mary and Margaret, you ask me.” 
Once again, she’d managed to shock him. Appalled Alan stood up. He’d heard enough out of her. He wanted to run away, to tell her she was disgusting, but the thought came to him that he better keep Miss Logan on his side in case of more pressing matters, like paternity questions. The Margaret Fisher he knew wouldn’t answer the door without full makeup on; he didn’t see her committing suicide.
She was looking at him from the corner of her eye. “You seem pretty upset for not knowin’ the family.” He decided to keep his ruse under cover for now.
“Well it was an awful story, Miss Logan. I beg your pardon if I’m upset by it. I cannot imagine what the poor husband must have felt, getting that news.”
“Tell you the truth; they didn’t make much of it. The funeral was simple; no one spoke on her behalf except Frank. Mary was the only other person who knew her well enough to say anything, and they didn’t invite her to speak.” Miss Logan leaned in again. “I thought it very strange that they put her in her wedding dress, too. You could see the side seams running along the front of her bodice; the dress was so small. It was a crime Frank didn’t get her something more appropriate to lay in. Being a hairdresser and all, I looked for evidence of the, um, suicide, but couldn’t see anything. Crazy people go to such lurid lengths to end their lives, I thought for sure her wrists would be cut or her neck; something dramatic. But there wasn’t nothin’ to see.” 
Alan moved away from the table and nodded his head in her direction, but was afraid to open his mouth. She was awful; the little respect he had for Miss Logan vanished for the time being.
Quickly going up to his room, he wanted to think about Margaret for a bit before he drove into Seymour. After he called Noelle, he was going to go to the café for lunch and hopefully hook up with Mary, surely a better source of information about Margaret since she and Ellen had lived with her for a brief time and according to Miss Logan, knew Margaret. 
He couldn’t associate the Margaret who would kill herself with the one who was so generous and happy back in Saint Augustine. It didn’t meld. Was she that good an actress? Or did his poor treatment of her, the taking of her money and abandoning her push her over the brink? Alan Johnson had just the kind of deluded ego that would make him think he was worthy of driving a woman insane.
“Poor Margaret,” he said out loud. “I’m sorry.” He sat on the edge of the bed and thought about what he’d done with his life, the people he’d used, the lies he’d told. It didn’t feel like he had much choice to do otherwise, always with an excuse. There was still part of him disappointed because he couldn’t get anything more from her, now that she was dead.
He got up and ran a comb through his hair. He could make a collect call from the phone in the hallway downstairs, but he wanted privacy when he talked to Noelle, so he decided to go back to the drug store. Thankfully, the dining room was empty when he walked past, Miss Logan on her way to Seymour. The sulfuric smell of breakfast egg casserole lingered.
“Have a nice day,” Cate said, sitting at her desk, startling him. Annoyed, he forced a smile and said goodbye. He needed to keep it pleasant in case he ran into money problems. It looked like Cate’s rooming house might have to be his address for a while.
Chapter 12
Three cars were waiting for service when Ellen and Frank arrived at the garage the next morning. “Oh boy,” he said. “Busy day ahead.”
“I’ll get the mail,” Ellen said.
“Careful crossing,” Frank said, distracted, nodding his head at the street.
Ellen looked both ways before stepping off the curb. Going into the post office was one of the things she liked least about coming into town with Frank, but never complained for it was such a simple thing to do. Jessie was annoying in that she was always looking for a story. When she handed the mail over to Ellen this time, Ellen didn’t even look at it.
Jessie couldn’t help herself. “You got somethin’ else from that dance academy,” she said nodding her head toward the pile. “I bet they want you two to dance in Beauregard.” Ellen paused, trying to decide if she should laugh it off or give in to Jessie’s curiosity and open the letter.
“You’ll be the first to hear if that’s what it is,” Ellen said respectfully, hurrying out the door. She waved and gave Jessie a little smile so the woman couldn’t complain to the rest of the village that Ellen had been rude.
As soon as she opened the door to the garage office, Frank called to her. “Now I need you to run over to the auto parts store. Are you okay with going?”
“Of course,” she answered, forgetting the letter from Phillip Anderson Dance Academy. The garage was busy all day, and it wasn’t until they were getting ready to leave and Frank scooped up the pile of mail that Ellen remembered the letter.
“Oh! Frank I forgot. We heard from that dance place again,” she said as they walked to the truck.
“The academy?” he replied, snickering. “Such a grand name for a ballroom next to a pool hall. Read it to me if you want.”
She carefully tore the envelope open. “Dear Mr. McPherson. You and Miss Ellen are cordially invited to attend our June Extravaganza. Prizes will be awarded for the following categories…” The invitation listed the possible entries. Ellen looked over at Frank as he drove. There was a slight grin on his lips.
“What’d you think?” she asked. “It might be fun. Something different.” She imagined getting dressed up again and twirling around the dance floor, how good it made her feel to know they danced well together and that people admired them. In Beauregard, onlookers would be strangers, not the gossipers of Seymour. Picking up the letter, she started to read again. “Prize for the couple who wins First Place will receive Five Thousand Dollars. Fireworks will follow the dance.”
“If we won First Place, I’d make my own fireworks! Do you want to go, sister?” He was smiling now, pleased that she was asking something for herself, a rarity.
“I think I might,” she answered hesitatingly. “I can wear my dress from graduation.”
“Oh, I think a new dress is in order. This will be our first real dance in the city.” Not that Beauregard was a city. “It won’t make you sad now, will it?”
“You mean Hallowsbrook and all?” Ellen asked and Frank nodded. “Nope, I don’t even think of it, tell you the truth. When I do every so often, I just get mad at her. But that’s all. Not sad, not even sorry. Just mad.” Frank reached out for Ellen’s hand. They weren’t used to touching or gestures of love unless they were dancing. The squeeze of his hand had the immediate affect of comforting her.
“Okay then, it’s a done deal. We go to Beauregard for the June Extravaganza. I might wear my hula girl tie, if you talk me into it.”
Ellen began to giggle, covering her face with her hands. “Oh no, please Frank, not that tie!”
“You talked me into it!” Frank laughed. Reaching the house, they got out of the truck, happy to be home.
Once inside, Frank asked her to start dinner for him tonight. “I’ve got a call to make. I’ll just take a minute.” He’d removed a package of chicken from the freezer before they left for the garage that morning. Measuring flour into a bowl, she added salt and pepper and mixed it with a spoon, straining to hear what he was saying, but his voice was so low and he was speaking so softly, there was no point. She’d make fried chicken. The chicken preparation occupied her so that when he came to her, she jumped.
“Sorry for scarin’ you,” he said. He picked up a fork and pierced the chicken with it but it was too tough. Trying not to laugh, she’d fried a stewing chicken. “Sister, I think we might have a time eatin’ this, no offense.” She paused and looked at the pan with the pieces bubbling in the hot oil.
“What’d I do, Frank?” Ellen’s hands dropped to her side, and the look of defeat was too much for Frank, so he hugged her to his chest, stroking her hair.
“That’s a stewer’ you got there, that’s all. Cook it up good and crisp and we might be able to get our teeth in into it.” He couldn’t help himself; he started to laugh as he released her, putting his arm around her shoulder. They looked at the pan of chicken and laughed out loud.
“Leave dinner,” he said. “Let’s dance.” She held his hand as he led her into the living room. Putting the radio on, and as smoothly as if they were at a ballroom, Ellen fell into his arms and they started to sway to the music, singing along with the words.
From the field to the south side of the house near the riverbank, the embrace appeared more passionate than paternal, the angle was just wrong, so that the observer, cowering in the tall grasses, blood pressure building would make sure to spread whispers about the stepfather and his stepdaughter and their inappropriate touching around town.

***

The next day was another busy day at the garage. One customer after another brought their cars in for Frank, so that neither father nor daughter noticed groups of women standing at the edge of the building, looking inside at Ellen, or even the baggers whispering. After the stewing chicken mishap of the night before, they decided to cook dinner together from now on. At five, Frank came into the office.
“‘Bout that time, sister,” he said. On the way home, they talked excitedly about the dance in Beauregard, talking about what Ellen would wear.
“I think something with a circle skirt would be nice, something that will twirl,” Ellen said.
“We need to make sure it matches my hula girl tie,” Frank said, laughing as he turned into the driveway.
“I don’t think that’s possible, Frank,” Ellen said happily, getting out of the car. It wasn’t until she reached the porch and as was customary, looked off to the side of the house where the gardens were that she realized something was amiss.
“The peonies are gone.”
“They’ve just fallen over,” Frank said, distracted, unlocking the front door lock that was temperamental in the best of times. Ellen was looking around the yard, to the edge of the wood.
“No Frank, they’ve all been cut. Just the flower heads.” She yanked on his shirtsleeve until he stopped fussing with the lock and looked over to the flowerbeds. The peony bed was one Margaret planted the first year she moved into the house. Ellen tended the flowers with her until she left for Hallowsbrook. She knew the names of each hybrid, what their care involved, how to stake the stems to keep the flowers upright.
Frank looked up from the lock, frowning. “That’s impossible.” But Ellen was pointing at the cut stem ends, and Frank followed her finger with his eyes.
“You’re right,” he said, moving over to the edge of the porch, going back down the steps to the side of the house. “See anything else out of place? I’m callin’ the sheriff again.” Ellen followed him down the steps to the edge of the lawn where the annual flowerbeds started. Frank’s mother had gardens here, and then Margaret, and now Ellen and Frank.
“Oh,” she said sadly. “Look at what he’s done. All the roses, too.” Not a flower left; it was only mid summer. The garden was at its peak, everything in bloom, laying in wait for dog days, when the spent blooms would shrivel up and no amount of watering could make them return to the glory days of spring and early summer. Whoever had picked every flower head and bud. It was an ugly, green mess. Frank looked up at Ellen and took her by the shoulder, turning her around.
“He?”
“I suppose it was the man at the edge of the wood.”
Frank frowned, concerned. He couldn’t have her worrying about the stranger. If he in fact was responsible for the destruction of the garden, Frank himself would kill the man with his bare hands.
“Let’s let the sheriff figure it out, okay sister? You put this out of your head right now. We’ll plant more flowers until these plants bloom again.”
“It’ll be forever. He took the buds, too.” Frank scratched his head, not prepared to coax Ellen into good humor; he’d never seen her as distressed, even when her mother died.
“Let’s get inside and call the sheriff,” he said again, gently pushing her toward the house, wishing he’d made her go inside as soon as they got home. What if the perpetrator was lurking in the wood, observing them now? The thought sent chills down his arms.
Submitting to him, Ellen stumbled back into the house distraught. Why would anyone pick her flowers? It had to be personal. It wasn’t as if they lived in town and a passerby might take a pretty flower. No, this was deliberate. Someone had gone out of the way to upset her, the message of the culprit heard loud and clear; he was trying to frighten her. He guided Ellen into the chair that had been Margaret’s so he could make his call. She sat, listening to the droning of his voice, remembering when she was small, laying in bed at night and hearing that same voice followed by the light, musical voice of her mother, how safe it made her feel. She closed her eyes and imagined that sense of safety in the house now.
“They took a report, but there’s nothing can be done,” he said, jolting her out of a trance. “Send a car around every few hours is about it. I reckon we’d better take precautions with the house and truck at night. Make sure we lock the windows and keep the basement door bolted tight.
“You don’t think he’ll try to break in the house, do you Frank?”
“Oh no,” he answered, cursing himself for being so thoughtless. “Just being careful.”
“I was just thinking of momma, how nice it was when she was home. I think I miss her tonight.” Ellen laughed. “That’s a first.” Frank came over to her and kneeled in front of her, his hands on the arms of Margaret’s chair.
“I miss her, too, Ellen.

***

Sally Logan left for her salon soon after breakfast. The new boarder had spiced up her morning with his dashing good looks and interesting conversation, after no one else but Emil for a long time, and she hummed a child’s cartoon song as she gathered her belongings, a new spring in her step walking toward the front hall. 
“Someone’s in a good mood,” Cate said.
“It’s nice having that handsome man around here after Emil and Mr. Rosen,” she whispered.
“I hear you,” Cate replied, loyalty preventing her from saying more.
“I wonder how long it will take Mary to discover he’s here.”
“Before the week is up?” Cate replied. Miss Logan let out a laugh.
“Jeez, that’s even quicker than I was going to say. But you got it. Before the weekend.”
“Have a nice day,” Cate said. Miss Logan waved and opened the door to the porch, a blast of hot summer air hitting her in the face. The walk to the bus stop loomed ahead, but she concentrated on what lay before her. She loved her shop, albeit in the town of Seymour. The women who worked for her were her family, the customers from the town, her friends. Everyday was full of adventure. But she’d decided she was keeping Alan Johnson to herself. If his name eventually came up, it wouldn’t be because she’d introduced it.
The air-conditioning on the bus wasn’t working that morning. “Are you serious, Hal? It’s ninety out there already.”
“I’m sorry, Miss Logan, I’ll have it looked at as soon as I get into Seymour.”
“It’s a travesty that the only garage for fifty miles is in godforsaken Seymour,” she muttered under her breath.
“Sally Logan, I heard that!” Miss Logan looked behind her and Margo Portland was sitting two rows down.
“Now why on earth didn’t I see you when I got in this hot tin can? Don’t move,” she said when Margo started to get up. “I’ll come back to you.” She was careful walking down the aisle as the bus turned the corner for the highway.
Margo slid over on the seat. “Why’re you in Beauregard so early in the morning?” Miss Logan asked.
“I had files to take to Hallowsbrook and Frank’s lookin’ at my car.”
“Gotcha,” Miss Logan said. “I’ve got news. You have to swear you won’t tell a soul. I’m not talkin’ about it at the salon because I want to watch the scene unfold.” She made a dramatic arc with her hand, forgetting the promise to herself that she wouldn’t talk to anyone.
Margo laughed. “I hear you! There’s nothing better than keeping a little bit back for yourself when there’s a story to tell. Do you want to wait and let me find out on my own?” Miss Logan turned her head, shocked.
“You’re kidding right? No! I’m bustin’ to tell someone.” She leaned in to whisper, although no one else was on the bus yet, Hal Baker was a known blabbermouth. “Cate got a new tenant and he’s a looker. Tall, dark and handsome, goin’ through a divorce, lookin’ for work here.” Although she’d love to take a shot at Alan Johnson, she was under no illusions; too old for him at nearing middle age. But she’d love it if Margo Portland landed him over Mary. Mary might be better looking, but she was not as smart and didn’t have the personality Margo had. “I want you to get a crack at him before Mary does.”
Margo leaned her head back in the seat and guffawed so loudly, Hal looked in the rearview mirror to make sure everything was okay. “I could never compete with her,” Margo said, regaining composure. “I mean, look at her. She’s stunning. Why didn’t she do more with her life?”
“Her folks left her the house and I guess that little extra income sucked all her ambition up. She didn’t need to make much to get by,” Miss Logan said, sympathetically. 
She didn’t add, for someone with as much education as you have, you didn’t do you much better, now did you? But she kept her mouth shut about it. 
“Mary did okay by herself,” Miss Logan continued in her defense. “She certainly doesn’t let any grass grow under her feet.”
“She goes out all the time, weekdays and weekends, yet she never has a boyfriend. What’s that all about?”
A sly expression came over Miss Logan’s face. “Maybe not a boyfriend…” Margo looked at her, shocked.
“What are you saying, Sally Logan?”
“Oh don’t tell me you never heard the rumors,” she replied.
“I have no idea what on earth you are talking about,” Margo said emphatically. “None.”
“She goes both ways,” Miss Logan said, comically lifting her eyebrows up and down.
“That’s a lie,” Margo said. “It’s a bunch of gossips from your hair salon, jealous of her youth and beauty.”
“Now why’re you defending her?” Miss Logan said, exasperated. “We keep taking turns being loyal to her.”
Margo laughed again. 
“We must be true friends, I guess. Mary is many things, but she’s no lesbian. I’d have gotten an inkling about it and there’s never been even a hint.”
“Maybe she’s just not attracted to you,” Miss Logan said, putting an end to the talk. 
She knew for a fact that Mary went both ways because she’d come on to her. It wasn’t something she’d admit to Margo Portland though; keeping it to herself, often wondering what would have happened if she’d responded. It was material for nighttime fantasies.
The temperature in the bus rose as it bumped along, the women weary and sweating by the time they reached their destination in front of the post office. “Can you squeeze me in today? I just need a wash and blow-dry. The cut can wait.” Margo asked as they got off, waving goodbye to Hal. Miss Logan was grateful for Margo’s loyalty.
“Of course I can. When can you get away?”
“Around one, if that will work.”
“See you then,” Miss Logan said before she walked away.

Ellen watched the women getting off the bus from her garage office perch across the street. It was a familiar routine every morning; the men waiting to help customers with their grocery bags at the food store, Miss Logan coming to open up by ten, Mary walking across the street to start her shift at the café. The simple order of life in their village used to bring Ellen security; she was part of Seymour, her father was an important businessman, they were well thought of in town as far as she knew. But last night changed all that.
Coming home to her decimated garden so soon after the late night visitor frightened her caused something to shift, a sense of well-being exchanged with fear. Someone didn’t like her or Frank. A childlike confidence in which she felt she was the center of an adoring universe was replaced with anxiety. In her orderly way of thinking, Ellen tried to understand what possible reason someone would do what had been done to the garden; jealousy of Frank, anger over the unlikely possibility of a botched car repair, a classmate who suddenly no longer liked her. But the extent of the damage was such that her reasoning was flimsy. “Wonton destruction of property,” she heard Frank whisper to Sheriff Dalton. Coming on top of the stranger who lingered at the edge of the forest, this was too much of a coincidence.

***

The boarding house kept Cate Ashbury busy until noon daily. She was a fanatic about bed making and bathroom cleaning, going from room to room as soon as the boarder vacated even temporarily, just like at a hotel. “You should only have to do it once a week,” Miss Logan had advised. “Most boarding houses don’t even offer cleaning services; the tenant has to do it.
“Yes, and that’s how a house gets bugs. No thank you. I want to see what condition the room is in every day.” 
After three years, Emil Magda had finally gotten it through his thick skull that he was going to keep his room neat or Cate would throw away everything that he left out. She couldn’t force him to bathe, but she did relocate him to a neat single in the basement when the others complained about his hygiene. Mr. Rosen was able to convince him to stay out of the dining room unless he bathed, and although there was some debate about his adherence to the request, he was less smelly than he’d been in the past.
Each evening, Cate prepared the breakfast items, making fruit salad, assembling casseroles or the muffin batter, starting the oatmeal in a slow cooker, filling the coffee pot and setting the buffet table. The next morning, all she had to do was pop the casserole into the oven along with the muffins and turn the coffee pot on. Occasionally, she put out little boxes of dried cereal and a tray of ready-made pastries, but the lodgers seemed to like the change.
Although it wasn’t formerly part of the rent, she started serving dinner, too. Unsure how well it would be received, she was shocked when the residents showed up promptly at six every night for their evening meal. Like breakfast, dinner had evolved so they could expect certain dishes on certain nights. No one complained and no one ever passed up a meal, so she must have been doing it right and she was able to increase the rent.
After she finished cleaning the private rooms, she dusted and vacuumed the rest of the house and started dinner. Once dinner was underway, for the rest of the day she’d sit in an overstuffed chair on the porch with her feet up on an ottoman, the latest best seller in her hands. But after Alan Johnson checked in, Cate couldn’t relax on the porch, worried he’d show up and see her being lazy. Changing her routine, after cleaning up the breakfast dishes, she went to her room and primped. Hair long and straw colored; normally, she wore it in a braid down the middle of her back. Wanting something different, she twisted it around her hand and pinned the bun in place, but that was too different, so she combed it into a ponytail. Applying pale lipstick on, and penciling her eyebrows in; small changes that made a big difference in her appearance and gave her self-confidence a huge boost. She didn’t do it until Miss Logan was gone for the day; she’d make a big deal out of it and embarrass Cate. Hardly used to it herself, she wanted to feel what it was like before she showed herself off to anyone, so she stayed in her room to read after putting a sign on the door for visitors to ring the bell, hopeful that by dinner tonight, she’d be comfortable enough to dine with Alan Johnson.

Mary overslept, again. Exhausted from partying the night before, she would pay for it today, in the way she felt and the way she looked. Sleeping through the alarm, she only woke up because the neighbor’s dog barked.
“Oh, Lord,” she picked up the clock and squinted at it, unable to see the hands unless she put her dime-store magnifying glasses on. “Jesus!” she screamed, hoping He’d help her get to work on time.
Since her shift started in fifteen minutes, there wasn’t time for a shower or to do much more than brush her teeth. The makeup on her face from the night before would have to do with a little fresh powder and lipstick, her hair in a ponytail. Glad she’d taken the time to do laundry the weekend before; at least her uniform was crisp and bright white. Grabbing her purse, sprinting to work, she got there just in time.
“Not like you to come in without time for a cup of,” June said. “I was beginning to get worried.”
“I’m sorry,” Mary said, stashing her purse under the counter. “I went out last night and didn’t get home until two.”
“That’s okay. As you can see, it’s dead around here this morning. How much longer do you think you can burn the candle at both ends?” June said, wrapping silverware bundles with paper napkins. “It’s gotta catch up with you, don’t it?”
“It has already,” Mary said sadly. “Look at me.” She stood with her hands out at her sides, turning around. “I’m a wreck. I lost more weight, and not in a good way. My hair is a mess, that cigarette I sneak every so often is starting to show on my face. I’ve got to pull it together.”
“You still look better than I ever did,” June said. “I meant playing around with your health, honey. Not the way you look. You’re still the best looking gal here in town.”
“Aw, you’re so sweet, June. Thank you.” They looked up as the bell on the door jingled, and Mary involuntarily gasped. “Woa!”
“You take this one,” June whispered, giggling. Alan Johnson had arrived.
“Sit anywhere you wish,” Mary said, and then to June, “Why today of all days do I have to feel like I’ve been rode hard and put up wet?”
“You look great, as usual. No worries.”
“So what can I get you?” Mary said, handing Alan a menu. “Coffee?”
Pulling the chair out from under the table, he looked around the café and then up at Mary, who was smiling at him, more than curious. This one was grinning at him, and he took it just the way she meant him to take it; she was going to flirt. The sins of the previous night forgotten, Mary would jump back up on the horse that threw her.
“What do I want? I guess it’s too early for a drink,” he said.
“No it’s not. How about a Bloody Mary?” she asked, pointing to her nametag. Perking up at first when he realized she was thee Mary he was seeking, he grimaced and laughed, imagining the worst.
“Sorry, but that just sounds unappetizing. No offense. How about a shot of Kahlua in my coffee? I can build up to the vodka.”
Mary laughed and nodded her head. “Okay. In the meantime, the french toast is to die for. They put a little rum in the egg wash.”
“Thanks, but I’ve already had breakfast. I actually came here to see you.” Mary stopped and turned back to the table.
“Me? Why?” Her heart did a little pitter-patter; was he a cop?
“Can you sit a few minutes and have a coffee with me?” She looked around the empty restaurant.
“I think that can be arranged,” she said, trying to keep the flirtation out of her voice and failing. “I’ll get your coffee and Kahlua.” She turned to get the coffee and Alan watched her, trying to drum up interest and failing. I must be getting old, he thought. For the first time in his life, he was thinking about a woman with something other than his genitals and it was a little disconcerting. He looked around the café, at the antiquated cash register, and the linoleum topped tables and vinyl covered bar stools. It was a throwback to another time, one he wasn’t crazy about. He hated anything old and moldering, maybe because of having lived in poverty most of his life. Why purposely choose to live that way?
Mary walked toward him with two coffee mugs. 
“Here you go. Kahlua on the house.” Alan picked up the mug and took a sip, the egg casserole sitting in his stomach like a lead weight.
“Oh, that’s good. Thank you.”
“So what did you want to talk to me about?” she asked, sitting down next to him. 
Her body language was making him uncomfortable; that was another thing. Anyone else would sit across the table to talk, but Mary would cozy right up to a stranger.
“I heard an interesting story at breakfast this morning,” he said, deciding to tell the truth without revealing his secret. “It’s just a coincidence that I’m staying at the same boarding house as Miss Logan.”
“Oh! Are you visitin’ the area?”
“Yes, but I’m looking for a job, too.” He looked around the café and then at her to prove a point, which she didn’t miss. “If I’d known about Seymour, I would have stopped here, first.”
“I rent rooms,” she said, smiling.
“I heard after the fact. But I drove to Beauregard instead. Towering Pines. Miss Logan and I talked during breakfast. Somehow the conversation went from bachelors in town, to Frank in particular.”
“Oh yes. Frank. So you want to know about Frank?” 
Alan decided that allowing Mary to lead the conversation was better than conjuring up some outrageous lie to get information.
“Sure, we can start with Frank. Why aren’t you and Frank together is the first question that crosses my mind,” he said, pulling out the charm. Feed her ego, it can only help.
Without asking why he wanted to know, Mary launched right in. 
“I’ve known Frank since I was a kid. He was just never interested. It hasn’t been for lack of trying to get his attention, either.”
“Who’d he date?” Alan asked, thrilled the conversation had taken the turn it had so quickly.
Mary thought back to those early days. Younger than he was, she wasn’t familiar with the kids he graduated with. But the girl, she remembered the girl. In love with Frank since she started kindergarten, when Mary saw him with Beverly Majors the first time it made her physically ill. It was the first week of high school and she was lingering with friends after classes, watching the upperclassmen walking to their cars. Frank always had the best car. He and his dad would scour the countryside looking for a wreck, and then tow it back to Seymour where they’d spend months tinkering and searching for parts. In spite of having an enviable car collection, since high school Frank drove the most unpretentious vehicles.
“Oh, just some girl from his grade,” Mary said, unwilling to relive those days in case old wounds she worked hard to suppress might fester again. 
“He went away to school after graduation. Studied engineering I think. He lived above the garage after college and when his papa died, he moved into the family home. It’s nothing much; a cottage on the river.” 
The derision about the cottage shocked her; a hot flash cruised through her body. She’d have given anything to live in that modest cottage. She twisted around in her seat and pointed out a window behind a row of booths.
“His shop is right there,” she said. “That’s Frank’s garage.” 
Alan was leery about asking more. He didn’t want Mary to get suspicious; he wasn’t sure himself what his next move would be. Jumping right in, telling her Margaret Fisher was his ex and Ellen was his kid, well that might sound easier, but something told him it wouldn’t be, that he’d better be careful around the likes of Frank McPherson. The man probably carried a gun.
“So,” he drawled, looking at Mary with a Cheshire grin. “What’s there to do around here?”
Mary tilted her head and looked at him carefully. “You mean like for relaxation? Or employment.”
Alan laughed out loud. “Both. But I’m thinking relaxation. With you. Would you go out with me?” 
Mary wasn’t sure about Alan Johnson. He was very smooth. But there was something about him she didn’t trust.
“I don’t even know you.”
“Miss Logan will vouch for me, I bet. Isn’t that her salon across the street?” 
Mary nodded her head. But the last thing she wanted was for Sally Logan to know she was going on a date with the new guy in town.
“I believe you. Now just to keep it straight, I like my private business to stay private, and if Miss Logan has your ear, she’s got everyone else’s in town, as well. If I go out with you, you have to promise me that it’s our secret. That woman has got a nose on her like a blood hound.” 
Alan started to laugh; Miss Logan said the same thing about her. But he’d remembered other, nasty things Miss Logan had said during breakfast, things that rankled. She might be capable of being vicious.
“You have my word, no conversation regarding our date with Miss Logan.”
“So, what time do you get off work? I’ll come back and pick you up. What will we do? You never answered me about what our choices are.”
“Dancing. Everyone dances here. There are ballrooms all over the county, and every bar has a cabaret license. But the best place is Phillip Anderson’s in Beauregard. The dance floor is surrounded by dining booths like they had in the old days.” Alan’s heart sunk; it sounded expensive and he was nearly broke. She must have seen his expression change. “Oh, don’t you like to dance?”
“I love to dance,” he said enthusiastically. “It’s not that at all. I’m embarrassed. I’m here, looking for work.” Strangely, she brightened right up.
“Oh, I got it. That’s why you were asking about Frank! For a job, correct?”
“Well, I have spent my life working around cars,” he answered.
“The ballroom is very inexpensive. Admission is only five dollars a person or eight a couple. They make their money off lessons and food. We can eat at my place first anyway.”
“Thank you for understanding,” he said smiling. “I’d like to take you out for dinner tonight. Eight dollars won’t break the bank.” He pushed back his chair.
“What do I owe for the coffee? I have some errands to run, but I’ll be back later to pick you up. What’s your address?”
Mary wrote the number down on the back of a ticket, along with her phone number. “See that street?” she pointed to a corner with Miss Logan’s on one side and the library on the other. “I’m half way down the block. Say about six tonight?”
He took the paper from her and folded it neatly, tucking it in his shirt pocket. “Okay, six it is.” Reaching in his wallet, he took out his billfold but she put her hand up.
“On the house, remember?” The doorbells jingled and they looked up as an elderly couple came in for lunch. “See you later.” She smiled and walked to the counter to pick up two menus.
“Wherever you want folks,” she said.
 Alan waved and left the café, the sultry heat hitting him after the air conditioning. The summer weather was just like Galveston; humid, miserable. He could feel the heat radiating off the sidewalk as he walked to the car, almost painful through his shoes. Frank’s garage was right across the street. He paused at his car door, looking over at the building, the front office window sparkling clean, the silhouette of a young girl sitting with her nose in a book visible clear across the street. He walked around his car and back up the sidewalk and a few steps to the grocery store. A bevy of unkempt looking men stood around, some sitting on a bench waiting to help shoppers with their bags. Looking across the street again, he could clearly see her. It made him angry that she was sitting in full view of the men. Wanting to get a better look for himself, he walked a few feet out of view of the garage before he crossed the street, trying to come up with a reason to talk to her. His car hadn’t had an oil change in months. That was as good an excuse as any.
The big garage door was closed against the noonday sun so he was unable to see Frank right away. Opening the door to the office, a blast of cold air greeted him, and a beautiful, young replica of Margaret Fisher looked up from her book. She didn’t smile at him, but her expression was pleasant. 
“May I help you?” she asked softly.
“I’ve gotta Olds out front. Well, across the street, actually.” He pointed down to the café. “Needing an oil change and this looks like the place.”
She looked at a handwritten list tapped to the counter. “Frank can fit you in about two. Will that work for you?”
“Frank bein’?” he asked.
Ellen frowned, pointing to the name Frank painted on the door. 
When he still didn’t seem to get it, she slid off the stool and walked over to a door separating the office from the garage. Opening the door, Frank looked up.
“Frank McPherson,” she answered, nodding her head toward Frank. 
Alan looked at him, strong and handsome, probably younger than he was by a few years, and flushed. “Okay, got it. Sorry.”
Frank nodded his head in greeting toward Alan. 
“Howdy, bringing my car back at two for an oil change.” 
Frank nodded again and turned back to the engine he was working on.
“See you at two,” Frank said from behind the hood. The girl was back up on her stool, waiting.
“What’s yer name, please.”
“Alan Johnson,” he said, watching her write it down in neat small letters. Hair fell forward when she looked down, thick waves of auburn shine. Eyelashes rested on her cheeks and a small nose had a smattering of freckles on the bridge. She defined adorable.
“Okay then, Mr. Johnson. See you at two.” She looked up at him, but there was no recognition on her face. Alan couldn’t help himself, studying her face for that few seconds; he saw that she had his eyes and his hairline, a slightly croaked widow’s peak. “Anything else, sir?”
“No, that’s all,” he said. She waited and he knew that if he stayed for one moment longer she’d be uncomfortable, so he nodded his head and opened the door to leave.
“You can wait, if you want,” she said, misinterpreting his interest. “The coffee is fresh.” Alan closed the door again.
“Okay, that sounds great.” He looked at his watch; it was only a half hour wait. “I’d like that. It’s hot out there today.”
“Are you from around here?” She came out from behind the counter to pour his coffee and Alan was relieved that she was dressed appropriately for a teenager in rolled up blue jeans and an ironed cotton shirt, not provocatively at all like most young girls dressed nowadays. Hiding a grin, he thought it funny that he would suddenly change his opinion because she could be his daughter.
“No, from Texas actually. Just passing through.”
“Cream and sugar?”
“Yes, please.” He stood next to her in the small space, watching her thin arms perform the maneuvers necessary to fix coffee and there was something so vulnerable about her with her thinness and her pale skin and freckles, he got choked up without warning. Quickly taking a handkerchief out of his pocket, he wiped his eyes before she turned around, but she avoided looking him in the eye and didn’t see the tears.
“Thank you,” he said when she handed it to him. He took a sip. What was making him so sad wasn’t that she didn’t know they could be related, but if they were, what a horrible example he’d be for her. He had nothing to give her, no means of support. He didn’t even have a job. What would be the point of upsetting her life with Frank McPherson? If he did, it would be pure selfishness. But he longed to know her, now that he knew of her. He felt compelled to find out what he could about her, while something in him said to put the coffee cup down, make excuses and leave, never to return. But it was too late.
The door to the garage opened and a striking figure of a man stepped up into the office and extended his hand. “You can bring your car around now if you’re ready. The last job didn’t take as long as ’spected.”
“Okay, will do,” he said. “Thank you for the coffee, miss.” He nodded at Ellen and she smiled a small smile at him before he left to cross the street for the car.

“Oh look! There’s that handsome guy I was telling you about!” Miss Logan was working on Margo Portland’s hairdo when Alan left the café that afternoon. The women leaned forward, watching him walk in front of the grocery store, pause, and then walk across the street.
“He’s moving to Beauregard?” When Miss Logan said the new guy was handsome, Margo figured she meant Seymour handsome; that was any man who was clean shaven, wore a t-shirt under his overhauls, kept his stringy hair in a ponytail and had most of his teeth. This man was city handsome, black hair cut short, pressed pants, crisp white shirt.
“Well, he’s lookin’ for work,” Miss Logan answered.
“You weren’t kidding. He’s a looker alright.”
“I’m telling you, I can’t wait to get home tonight and have dinner with him,” Miss Logan admitted. “Even if it is Cate Ashbury’s cooking.” Margo laughed.
“I’m tempted to invite myself to come along,” she replied.
“You’re welcome to,” Miss Logan said. “Eat first, though. Let see, I think tonight is roast chicken and that’s usually pretty good so you might be safe to come hungry.”
“I was just teasing,” Margo said. “Can’t wait to get back to my place and put my feet up after work.” In case Boyd Dalton, the sheriff comes by.
Alan waited in the heat while the oil in his car was changed, preferring to suffer than to put Ellen on the spot. Remorse filled his chest; he was sorry he treated Margaret so badly; sorry he used her and took her money. Sorry he was such a failure. It was all too late to do anything about.
Frank opened the door to the sidewalk. “Your car’s ready, sir,” he said, holding the door open for Alan to pass. “Ellen here will ring up your bill.”
He wrote some figures down on a piece of paper and slid it over to her. “That’ll be fifteen dollars,” she said. Forgetting about his cash problem, Alan pulled out the credit card and handed it over to her. Ellen looked up him, apologetic. “Oh, I’m sorry. We don’t do credit cards.”
“Oh! Sorry, here, no problem.” He took fifteen dollars out of his wallet, cursing himself for not being more careful. No more spur of the moment purchases.
“Town talk says you’re lookin’ for work,” Frank said. “Hope I heard right and ain’t speakin’ out of turn.” Alan was speechless for a moment. Who’d he tell? Miss Logan? Cate? Mary? And already the news that he was looking for work made its way to this man?
“I guess news travels fast in small towns,” he answered, smiling. No point in being irritated. “I don’t have any car repair experience though if you have an opening. Sales are my specialty.”
“Is that right? Paul over at the auto parts store has an opening for a counter person. You want I can put a word in for you.” Alan tried not to show his disgust at the thought of the environment of parts. The parts department at the dealership was considered beneath the salesman because they weren’t paid on commission. Alan couldn’t imagine being an hourly worker again. Feeling like he’d been backed into a corner, Alan once again decided he had nothing to lose by just going with the flow.
“Well that would be mighty generous of you,” Alan replied, letting it go. Frank reached for paper and pen.
“I’ll give Paul a call and let him know you’ll be stopping by there this afternoon.”
“Okay, thank you very much.”
“Here are your keys,” Frank said, passing them off. Alan took the keys, wanting to get out before they engaged him again. “Don’t forget yer car.” 
He turned around and looked at Frank, who was pointing at the garage.
“Oh, right. Excited about the job lead, I guess.” Frank nodded his head and held the door to the garage open, waiting for Alan to pass by.
When the car was out of the garage, Frank shut the overhead door.
“Anything else comin’ in today?” He leaned over Ellen’s shoulder to read the schedule and then walked over to the window, watching Alan Johnson drive away, failing to stop at Paul’s Auto Supply.
“Looks like a tune up at three, and that’s it for the day unless a breakdown comes in. I guess I could go home and start dinner,” Ellen said. Frank turned to her, thinking of the stranger at the edge of the wood, the decimated garden.
“Stay here, sister, will you? I got a feelin’ about a breakdown coming in. I know, crazy, but just in case.” Ellen laughed, and nodded her head.
“Okay. I’m glad cause I just got to a good part in my book,” she said, holding it up so he could see the cover, a beautiful couple in a passionate embrace. He laughed and nodded his head, going back into the garage to clean up from the oil change and get ready for the tune up, knowing Ellen was safe with him.
Chapter 13
Dinner was ready. Cate had everything set out on the sideboard, the chicken carved, potatoes mashed to perfection, hot rolls, corn on the cob. Miss Logan, although preoccupied with something she’d seen earlier that evening, tried not to allow the distraction interfere with her anticipation of having dinner with Alan. Dressed in her most alluring hostess pajamas, she didn’t notice that Cate, too had taken extra care with her appearance and was wearing something other than the usual chambray shirt and jeans.
“Gosh, I don’t think we should wait too much longer,” Cate said, looking at her watch. Mr. Rosen folded the evening paper and put it on the table to the side of his plate.
“Who is this man that has all the women in my house in a dither?”
“If you’d come down for breakfast, you’d have seen,” Miss Logan said, disappointed, tucking her napkin in her shirt before standing up. “I’m gettin’ some food. It’s clear he’s not comin’ so no point in letting everything get cold. This looks wonderful, by the way. Margo Portland almost came down here to eat with us so she could meet Mr. Johnson.”
Cate stood off to the side, wiping the lipstick off her mouth with a paper napkin. “Yeah, well it’s a good thing she didn’t waste her time. I guess I shouldn’t have expected him because he didn’t pay for dinner. I guess it’s my fault.”
“Are we going to eat or not?” Emil asked.
“Get up for goodness sake,” Miss Logan reprimanded, out of sorts. “You want someone to serve you?” The tenants lined up silently to get their food. Next to the heated pans on a cut glass cake plate stood a whipped cream frosted angel food cake covered in fresh strawberries.
“You went to a lot of trouble for us today, Cate,” Mr. Rosen said. “I appreciate it. And I’m sorry I missed breakfast. I didn’t feel well this morning, Sally Logan for your information. One of these days you’ll find me dead in my bed and then you’ll be sorry you were such a witch.”
“I might be sorry I’ve been a witch, but I’ll never be sorry I was a witch to you.” 
Laughter rang out, easing the tension in the room between the women, the disappointment slowly turning to anger. How dare he stand them up?
“Children, children,” Cate admonished laughing. “Don’t fight during dinner. Miss Logan, no one would dare call you a witch to your face.”
“Gee, thanks, Cate. That really helped.” 
The banter continued through the meal, but both women would be up until after midnight, listening for the sound of a door opening and shutting that never came.

Alan Johnson snuck into the boarding house at four the previous afternoon, returning right after the encounter with Frank and Ellen McPherson. Cate wasn’t at the desk, having fallen asleep in her room reading the book. He quickly changed his clothes and left without her discovering him, making it back into Seymour before Paul’s Auto Supply closed.
The inside of the store was as depressing as Alan imagined it would be; badly lit, stacks of greasy boxes full of metal parts, serial numbers written in black oil pencil in bad handwriting. Rows of metal shelving stood so close together, a grown man could barely get through unless he walked sideways. The counter was covered with parts manuals, one for every car manufacturer. Rows of books from years past neatly lined the shelves at the end of the metal parts shelving, sharing the space with the owner’s collection of vintage metal gadgets, having the look of a steampunk library. But the coop de grace was the man behind the counter himself, the quintessential counter guy, thin bordering on anorexia, bad skin, bad teeth, fingers nicotine stained, hair in a brush cut, body contrasted contradictorily in a perfectly starched and ironed navy blue uniform looking more like a Boy Scout than a auto parts clerk.
“Help you, sir?” the man said. Alan noted that everyone in Seymour called a man sir. It was a little disconcerting because he was sure this guy was older than he was.
“Yes, I’m Alan Johnson. Frank at the garage said you might have an opening for a parts clerk.”
“That I do,” he said. “I’m Paul. Paul Sherman. Owner of Paul’s Auto Supply. You got experience in the industry?”
“Not in parts sir, that I do not. But I’ve been a salesmen in the auto industry for, well, for over thirty years now. Since high school.”
“Car salesman, is that right?” He drew out the AR in car, so that Alan wanted to laugh and it took all the self-control he had not to.
“Yes sir, car salesman.” The impulse to pronounce car the way Paul Sherman had was overpowering and Alan had to look down at the floor, pinching his hand as hard as he could to stop himself. “But I’m a fast learner. I know all about serial numbers so I think I could do a good job for you.” 
Paul looked at him and scratched the back of his neck.
“Frank tells me you’re new in town. Have a date with Mary tonight. Is that right?” 
Alan stepped back, shocked. Mary must have been the one to tell Frank he was job hunting then, not Miss Logan. He wanted to tell the man to mind his own fucking business, but he needed the job.
“Yes, sir.” 
He gritted his teeth. Why was he doing this? He didn’t want to work in a parts store, yet here he was, practically begging this prick for a job. 
“Look, Mr. Sherman, sir, can I have the job or not? I need to get over to Mary’s by six.” He thought that’d shut him up good and it worked.
“Okay, tomorrow morning at nine. I operate nine to five, Monday thru Friday, no holidays, no overtime, no weekends. Five-fifty per hour. Paid vacation after six months, no sick time but holidays that fall during the week are paid.”
Alan stuck his hand out to shake, a big mistake. “I’ll take it,” Alan said cringing. 
He left quickly, hoping Mary would let him use her bathroom to wash his hands as soon as he got there. Paul Sherman’s hand left a trail of warm slime behind where he touched Alan. He was being obsessive, but didn’t care.
Mary’s house was easy to find, a smallish Cape Cod-type bungalow with a rambling addition off the back that looked like an afterthought. It was her personal apartment, which was separate from the rooms she rented to strangers. Parking in the driveway, he ran up to her porch and pounded on the door.
“Right on time,” she said, stepping aside. He was looking around agitatedly.
“Where’s the bathroom. I need to wash my hands right now.” Hesitating, Mary stepped away and pointed to a door at the back of the kitchen.
“In there,” she said. “You can use the kitchen sink it you want.” She didn’t really know this man and he was behaving bizarrely. “Is there a problem?”
“I’ll tell you in a second,” replied, stopping in the kitchen, turning the water on in the sink full blast so it sprayed the front of his shirt. Grabbing the dishwashing soap bottle, he squirted enough in the palm of his hand to do a load of dishes.
“What happened?” Mary asked, concerned. “Are you okay?”
It was obvious Alan was agitated and unable to control his response to whatever was happening. Her questions swirled in his head and he wanted to say the correct thing, not chastise her for blabbing to Frank. Certain his craziness was partly due to meeting Ellen, he pushed it down, it being something he was not going to discuss with Mary.
Vigorously scrubbing his hands like he was preparing to perform surgery, Alan doubted he was capable of pulling off any intrigue, emotions after meeting Ellen too close to the surface. His nature was to take advantage of people, not pretend to have meaningful relationships, but if he was going to reform, he had to address the betrayal of confidence with Mary. She handed him a towel to dry off his hands. “What happened?” she repeated.
“Let’s go in there,” he said, pointing to the living room. She walked ahead of him and that was when he noticed she’d changed out of her uniform. “You look nice.”
“Thank you. Now what’s going on? You’re making me nervous.” Alan was pacing, wanting to word this just right.
“It was my understanding you wanted to keep your private life private. Those were your exact words. Correct?”
“Correct.” But she knew what he was getting at, and he could tell he struck a nerve because she flushed, her tan complexion turning ruddy.
“I was taken by surprise to hear you’d told Frank we were having a date and that I needed a job.”
“Yes, well I am sorry about that. I see now that I was wrong. I shouldn’t have said anything to him. I guess I thought it would be helpful.” She was sitting on the edge of the couch, looking fetching in a strapless sundress, her knees uncovered, just a hint of cleavage. Looking at her defused his anger, causing him to lose his train of thought.
“Oh well, it’s over with.”
“What just happened? You looked like you were ready to explode.”
“Yeah, I think I have you to thank. Evidently, the only job in town is at the auto parts store. What’s with Paul Sherman? Now I’ve gotta work with the man. He touches me once and I’m outta there.” 
Just thinking about the encounter agitated Alan again, and he started to pace. Mary put her hand up at her face as unobtrusively as she could and burst out laughing.
“Poopy Paul? There’s nothing wrong with him that a good scrub down wouldn’t cure.”
“And what about that uniform? He’s as polished as an admiral.”
“Air Force habits die hard, I guess. Listen, I’m sorry about everything. So you got the job? That’s good news, isn’t it?” Alan turned from her and started to pace again. The urge to get in his car and flee, maybe even return to Noelle, was strong. Noelle. He’d never called her. If he was going to turn over a new leaf, he should call her and end it, not leave her hanging.
“I guess it is if you don’t have to work with him. Mary, I have to make a call. Will you excuse me? I’ll run over to the grocery store. There’s a phone there.”
“You can call from my phone.” She pointed to the kitchen.
“It’s personal,” he explained. “I’d rather not go into it now.”
“Well, I’ll sit outside then. You don’t have to go back uptown.” She left the room before he could protest. What he was about to do was so foreign to him he hardly knew where to begin. Dialing the number, he felt sick to his stomach.
She answered on the first ring. “Alan, I’ve been so worried. I thought you’d get in touch before this.” He took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“I’m very sorry,” he replied. “But I’m not coming back. I found a job and as soon as I get paid I’ll send you a money order to cover whatever I owe you.” There was silence for a moment.
“What the fuck are you talking about? I don’t want your goddamned money! I thought we had something going. You said you love me!” He didn’t know how to respond to her. They could go on and on. So he decided to end the call.
“Thank you for your help,” he said. “I’m saying goodbye; so goodbye.” And with that he hung up. He didn’t feel great about it, but it was better than thinking about her waiting for him all the time. Now he could start fresh with… whomever.
Walking to the front door, he looked out at Mary sitting on the porch. She had nice hair, stylishly cut one length. At the café, she had it pulled into a ponytail but this afternoon, it was down around her shoulders. “Come back in. Thanks for the use of the phone.” She got up from the porch and held onto the door he was holding for her.
“Is everything okay?”
“Well, yes and no. But I’m not ready to discuss it with you or anyone else yet. Is that okay? I mean, if it’s not we can break our date and I won’t bother you again. I just need time to take care of something, nothing sneaky, just private. Are you up for that?”
Mary wasn’t used to men talking to her like this, caring what her opinion was, or asking her for something. They usually wanted only one thing and they took it and ran. This man might be interested enough that she’d have to sacrifice something. He was asking her to trust him and she had no idea with what.
“I think so. I’m not sure what you expect of me, but I guess I’m up for it. I mean, I hope you’re worth it. I hope you think I’m worth it. We’re just going dancing, right? For some reason, I’m getting pulled into your life and I wonder if that’s what you want.”
“Well, you helped me land a job, humble though it may be. If I have to be seen in a blue uniform I might not survive.”
“Pretend you’re a cop,” she said, laughing. “Or in the Air Force. There’s a base in Mobile.” It made him laugh along with her, embarrassed.
“I think I’m going to insist I wear my own clothes.”
“You can do that,” she said. “By the way, I brought leftover beef roast home from the café so we can eat here. No need to go out and spend money neither of us has. I don’t know why but being around you is making me think with a level head.”
Alan frowned. “That, my dear is a new one. I don’t believe I’ve ever had that effect on a woman before.” But he laughed. “Maybe you’ll change my luck.”
“Maybe you’ll change my luck!” she said.
“I appreciate the meal, too,” he said. “But we can go out, now that I’m making the big bucks over at Paul’s Auto Supply.”
“I’ve got the food, so we should stay in and save your money until it starts to roll in again. What did you say you did in a former life? Something with cars, correct?”
“I sold them,” he answered. “That’s right. I’m a car salesman, or at least I used to be. I made an okay living at it until the market crashed. It’s been a struggle these past months, years. Yep, it’s been almost a year. They won’t go on extending unemployment forever.”
Mary waved him to follow her into the kitchen so she could start dinner. “So you came here to find a job?” He debated telling her the truth, but decided it was much too early.
“Yes, among other things. I had no idea I’d find one so soon. And not in Seymour.”
She turned to him with a foil wrapped pack of beef. “How far in advance did you pay for your room?” It was a nervy thing to ask.
“Just a week. I can take the bus in with Miss Logan tomorrow.” Mary laughed out loud.
“Lovely. Fill her in on your latest dating escapade.”
“Is that all you’re worried about?” he asked, his voice husky, pulling her into an embrace. “You don’t know me. Why are you bothering?”
He’d taken her by surprise, no palpable chemistry between them until that very second. “I don’t know,” she said honestly. “You’re handsome and funny, and I’m lonely. Is that enough fuel to start up a relationship?” Stroking her hair, he thought about what she’d said.
“In a romance novel, I’d be a scoundrel. I use women and don’t have a job. What more do you want to know? Wait, today I did make one change. I called a woman; I owe you for a long distance call by the way; I told her I wasn’t coming back. It hurt her, but at least now she can move on and not wait for my eventual return.”
“So are you saying you have women all over the country?”
“Well, no, not exactly. There was the one in Florida. I think the women in Texas know by now I’m not coming back there anytime soon. No point in opening up old wounds to apologize.” She laughed. He was waving his own red flag and she was ignoring it.
“Are you going to leave here in the night, too? Break my heart someday?”
“No, I don’t think so. I mean I might break your heart, but I won’t be leaving here. I’ve got reason to stay.”
“And you’re not ready to share it with me yet, right?”
“Right. You learn fast.”
“Oh golly, I really don’t,” she said, sighing. “Let’s eat.”

Sitting in her cramped apartment with the phone in her hand, Noelle wasn’t sure what had just happened. Sadness that he’d rudely ended their relationship so soon after leaving to find his daughter welled up in her chest and she started to weep. “Why? We were so good together!” All of the drivel he whispered while he made love to her came back; sweet words that melted her heart, made her feel alive and loved for the first time in her life. He did things to her body that no man had ever taken the time to do before, and her passion scared her, yodeling screams of pleasure. When she’d finish, he’d be smiling at her.
“Good, huh?” he’d whisper in her ear. Shuddering now, her hands over her face she burst into tears.
Because of it, her love for him was unlike anything she’d had before. She hadn’t cared that he was unemployed, that he ate her food and slept in her bed, used up all her gas and never offered to fill the tank while his own car sat idle. Lying in bed alone, the heat of a Florida night scorched her sore throat, the result of screaming. It would sink in after midnight; a man had taken advantage of her, again.
Instead of placing her anger on Alan right away, visions of her little son’s tiny face, stolen from her when he was just a few months old, materialized, shimmering like an apparition. She shook her head to get it to go away, the pain overwhelming, but it persisted, and left growing rage in its wake.
Fury that would fester until it was overpowering, offered itself up like a sacrifice. The next day it would fuel her; make it possible for her to go to work so she could fulfill her financial obligations. It would also nourish her creative mind, envisioning fantasies about how she’d get even with Alan, making him a scapegoat for the loss of her son years before. The ideas flowed like honey, cloying and slow moving. Becoming obsessed with Alan, the pain of his betrayal unbearable, a new goal was to find out where he was. But first, needs she’d buried while he was available to her came to the surface.
Work was torture. As soon as she got home, taking a sharp knife out of the kitchen silverware drawer, she sat at the table, pulling her navy scrub shirt up and very carefully whittled the letter A in the soft flesh of her belly. Warm blood flowing down into her waistband and between her legs diluted the pain, temporarily transferring the fantasies of what she’d do to Alan, to herself.
Chapter 14
Cate and Miss Logan tried to keep it light during dinner, but it was obvious to them both that they’d looked forward to seeing Alan again all day and when he didn’t show up, they were not only angry with him, they were disappointed. “Can my life be so friggin empty that a stranger has that strong of an effect on me?” Miss Logan admitted. “I better do something about that.”
“Me, too,” Cate said. “I even put my eyebrows on.” Miss Logan burst out laughing.
“Look at me! I haven’t had this thing on in twenty years,” she said, pulling the fabric of her palazzo pants out at the sides. “It’s almost back in style. Oh what the hell.
The next morning at breakfast, the women were back to normal. And there was no Alan again. “So, Prince Charming didn’t come home last night.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Cate said, lying. “He could come down the stairs any minute.”
“Well, don’t hold your breath,” Miss Logan said. “I hope he’s not laying dead somewhere.”
“I’m alive and well,” Mr. Rosen said, walking into the dining room.
“We weren’t talking about you,” Miss Logan said. “Although my next question was going to be where in God’s name is that old man this mornin’?”
“You’re new obsession didn’t show up after all,” he said, unfolding the paper. “I heard Sally run to the window every time a car passed by.”
“You’re an ass Rosen; I never did any such thing,” Miss Logan replied. Cate was in the corner, drinking coffee and had to swallow a mouth full before she spewed it all over the dining room.
“Cate, with all due respect I heard you up all night, too. Now I can’t wait to meet this man to see what charms he embodies.”
“Maybe you could learn a thing or two from him,” Miss Logan said, high-fiving with Cate.
“I’m not sure your man can teach someone of my repute much,” he said, but laughed. “What’s for breakfast?”
“Cold cereal and toast,” Emil said forlorn, wrinkling his nose. “I’m used to a hot breakfast.”
“Then move to a house that has a sous chef in the kitchen,” Cate snapped.
“Cold cereal’s fine,” Mr. Rosen replied quickly.
The sounds of cutlery clinking against china and coffee poured echoed through the hallway as Alan tiptoed up to his room. He wanted to shower and shave before he started his new job.
“Listen. I hear water running. There’s someone else in the house,” Emil said. Everyone paused, coffee cups to lips and spoons in the air.
“It’s the savior,” Mr. Rosen said. “Hallelujah! We can get back to normal now.” Fifteen minutes later, Emil Magda off to work and Miss Logan, unusually quiet that morning about to leave for her salon, Alan came down the stairs, bothered when he saw the door to the dining room open. There was no way he could avoid a confrontation.
“Well, good morning,” he said, jovially.
“You missed Emil,” Miss Logan said, smirking. “He just left for work.”
“Pity,” Alan said, relieved.
“Alan Johnson,” he said, offering his hand to the only man in the room.
“Meet Mr. Rosen,” Miss Logan said.
“Ben Rosen. Pleased to meet you. Cold cereal for breakfast today.” Cate gave him the evil eye.
“Coffee?”
“Yes, please,” he said, pulling out the chair next to Miss Logan.
“So! We missed you at dinner last night,” she said. “Roast chicken. One of our favorites here at Towering Pines.”
“I am sorry about that. Got a job in Seymour and ended up coming back down here to dance with Miss Cook.” He purposely let that last bit out, without Mary’s approval.
“Miss Cook as in Mary Cook?”
“You got it,” he answered. “Met up at the café for lunch and hit it off right away. Got my oil changed at Frank’s and he told me about the job opportunity at Paul’s Auto Supply.”
“Wait,” Cate said. “You took a job with Paul?” There was a look of horror clearly etched on her face and not in a good way. Miss Logan was even taken aback.
“I don’t believe it,” she said.
“Yes, well beggars can’t be choosers and I needed something right away,” he answered.
“Surely Mr. Rosen here can assist you in finding somethin’ more in tune with your skills,” Miss Logan said emphatically.
“I don’t have any skills,” he said. “I’m a car salesman. That doesn’t prepare you for much of anything else.” The guests around the table thought about what he’d said. A handsome, personable man had spent his life earning his living selling cars and was now behind an auto parts counter.
“There are several high-end dealerships here in Beauregard,” Cate said. “Why not apply to one of them. We’d all give you a reference.” Heads nodded, encouraging him.
“I’m not kidding when I say that you practically have to have a bachelor’s degree to get hired. I was grandfathered in before the requirements became so tough to meet.” No one said anything, shaking their heads in unison. A bachelor’s degree? Ridiculous.
“It’ll be fine. Something else might turn up in the meantime, and I won’t be worried about my unemployment benefits running out.” Silence came over the group as they pondered what it would be like to be unemployed.
“So where’d you dance?” It was Cate this time, sad that Mary had already sunk her claw into him.
“Phillip Anderson’s. It was great. I’d forgotten how much fun it is to ballroom dance.”
“Mary’s quite a dancer, too,” Miss Logan said. “Where’d you sleep?”
“Sally!” Cate yelled, slapping her on the shoulder. “Mind your own business.”
“That’s okay. I want you to know the truth so there will be no reason to gossip.” He said this giving Miss Logan a penetrating gaze.
“I rented a room from Mary. I had my own cozy room right off the kitchen and was in my own bed, alone by midnight.”
“I guess you’d need to move in closer to the auto parts store,” Cate said.
“Yes, I probably will do that, although I know Miss Logan buses in every day, I would like to be closer to work. But thank you so much for having me here.” He pushed away from the table. “I have to be there by nine, so I better get going. Have a wonderful day, everyone.”
“I think I’ll drop in on you today,” Miss Logan said. “Make you uncomfortable on your first day of work.” Everyone laughed, including Alan.
“And I can give you a refund if you want to stay up in Seymour,” Cate said.
“Well that is very kind of you. I think I’ll take you up on your offer.” He jumped at it before she changed her mind, following her to the reception desk. “I’ll run up and get my suitcase.”
So that was that. Alan had established himself in Seymour, had made a good impression on everyone, and already had a job and a girlfriend. With these needs met, he could sit back and wait for something to happen with Frank and Ellen because he wasn’t in a position to make it happen for himself.
Chapter 15
On Alan Johnson’s first day in town, he’d returned to ask Paul Sherman for the job. Ellen and Frank were leaving for home together. Tired, she put her head back against the seat of the truck. Frank put her bike in back and had a sudden thought about running into the grocery store before they left for home. “We need a few things and I don’t want to wait until Saturday when everyone else is doin’ the same thing.” She closed her eyes for just a second and suddenly opened them to find that new man, the one who’d come into the garage earlier that day for an oil change, standing in front of the truck, staring at her. Opening her book, she put her head down and pretended to read, but the hair went up on her arms the way it did the night the stranger was lurking at the edge of the wood. He was standing the same way, with his hip slung off to the side, tall and lanky. It scared her so she began to shake. When she looked up again, he was opening the door to the parts store and Frank was walking across the street with a brown paper bag of grocery items in his arms. He put them in back with her bike.
“That was the new man in town,” he said. “Come to see about a job, I bet. Glad he took me up on it after all.”
“Frank, hurry up and let’s get home. I need to tell you something,” she said softly.
“What is it sister? You look like you seen a ghost.”
“I don’t want t’ say nothing till we get outta town.” She was afraid he might get out of the truck and try to pummel the man, and then what would become of her? Unexpectedly, she thought of how alone she’d be in the world if anything ever happened to Frank. He was all she had. He looked at her concerned, but didn’t press; starting up the engine and driving toward their place by the river.
“Okay, tell me will you?”
“That man, Frank. That new man. I caught him lookin’ at me and it gave me the creeps, just like the stranger. I think it’s him. I think he’s the one.”
Anger cruising through his body at what she’d said, Frank thought a moment before speaking. She couldn’t see the man because it was dark at the edge of the wood. “What was it that makes you think he’s the stranger?”
“He stood the same way, kinda with his right foot turned out so he was straight but his hips went off to the side, sort a sultry.” She said the last slowly, embarrassed. “I’ve been reading romance novels.”
“Gotcha. That all?”
“No, he’s tall and lanky like that man. I guess I didn’t notice in the garage because you was standing next to him at one point and sorta dwarfed him.” Frank looked out his side window, smiling. She’d never referred to his appearance before. “I’m scared Frank!”
Quickly pulling over to the side of the road, he grabbed her hand. “Sister, I sooner kill the son of a bitch than you be scared for one second. You got that? You are safe with me, I promise you.” He patted his hip. “I got my side arm here, don’t forget.”
“That’s another thing, Frank. If anythin’ happens to you. I’m alone. I got no one but you. Something happens to you and I’m an orphan, or worse. You best take care of yourself, please. Please! Promise, you won’t do nothin’ foolish, like run him over with the car or shoot him.” Her wellbeing in the case of his death had never entered his thoughts before this minute. What would become of her if he was put in jail or died? She was right; they had no one but each other. The thought was sickening. He took deep breaths of the hot afternoon air, feeling the sun entering his body with the oxygen, strengthening him, increasing his reasoning.
“I promise I won’t break the law. I promise you, sister. Look at me,” he said, gently taking her chin in his hand, turning her head to look at him. 
Even when her mother took sick, she wasn’t this distraught. He got up so close to her face she could smell his breath; even after all day in the garage was fresh smelling due to the mints he always had in his mouth.
“Tell me you understand what I’m sayin’ girl.”
“Oh Frank, I understand!” 
And she threw her arms around him and burrowed her face in his shoulder, just as the evening bus to Beauregard passed, Miss Sally Logan observing them out of the window, shocked at what she thought she saw and would eventually tell the world.

***

The next morning, after Alan moved out of Cate’s boarding house and started his new job, and Mary got up on time thanks to her new boarder, and Miss Logan got on the bus to Seymour again, Frank and Ellen made their way into town for another day at the garage.
“Feel better today?” Frank asked at breakfast. He’d made her a favorite, waffles topped with fruit and heavy cream whipped into froth.
“I guess,” she said, stirring her coffee and then licking the spoon. “Every time I look at that garden, it makes me sick.”
“Well this weekend we’ll see about puttin’ new annuals in. There’s nothin’ can be done about the perennials,” Frank said, and then continuing with his version of an Irish accent, “But we can have that “spot o’ color” like the ad says.” Ellen burst out laughing.
“Okay, that will help.” They loaded up the truck, leaving the bike behind this time. There was no sense in pretending she’d ride it home until something shifted. For now, as long as there was someone out there who wanted to frighten her, the bike was out of commission.
“You feel okay about gettin’ the mail again today, sister?”
“I can do that,” Ellen said, jumping down out of the truck.
“Watch the street,” Frank said. New perils may lie in wait, but the old ones were just as dangerous.
Jessie was watching from her perch behind the counter. Already gossip had hit her ears, hateful, horrid stories of Frank and Ellen holding each other at the side of the road. All it took was one telephone call during a lonely night to get a bunch of biddies up in arms. The same kind of sleigh bells, which graced the door of the garage, hung off the back of the Post Office door.
“Good morning, Miss McPherson,” she said. “Got your mail right here.” She passed over the bundle to Ellen who smiled her customary, dismissive smile. “Got something from that Dance Academy again.” Ellen looked up at her, wide-eyed.
“Thank you,” she answered, hurrying to get out before Jessie could pry anymore. Frank was on the phone writing in the scheduling book when she returned. After Frank hung up the phone, she handed the bundle over to him.
“Jessie said that dance studio wrote us again.”
“Bother,” Frank grumbled. But Ellen felt a little excitement at the idea as he tore the envelope open, but passed the letter on to her with a grin. “You best read.” She hesitated, her eyes skimming the words, and he could see a little excitement building.
“Dear Mr. McPherson, Our popular June Extravaganza is filling up quickly. Although you did not respond to our previous invitation, we would like to extend it to you once again.” Her eyes stayed on the letter, moving across the paper.
“We should probably go,” he said, pretending. It would be good for her to have the dance to look forward to.
“Thank you Frank,” she said softly, aware it wasn’t something he would normally care to do. “I do appreciate it.” He patted her hand.
“We’d better practice,” he said. “If we plan on bein’ awarded one of ten prizes.” Ellen did a little jump up and down, clapping her hands.
“Not here in the garage, of course,” Ellen replied, laughing, the boogieman of the previous afternoon long forgotten.
“Glad someone’s havin’ a good day,” Paul Sherman said, coming in off the street. His voice competed with the bells attached to the door, Frank and Ellen laughing together when Paul looked up at the bells and stuck his tongue out.
“You’re in a fine mood,” Frank said.
“I got problems. My new man won’t wear a uniform. I got someone at the counter lookin’ like he stepped out of a fashion magazine. I’ll be the laughing stock.” Frank scratched his head, trying to hide his smile while Ellen picked up her book again pretending to read.
“Your new man being the man I sent over yesterday?”
“You got it.”
“Sorry he’s causin’ you issues, Paul. Give ‘em the ax.”
Paul looked at him as if the idea had never occurred to him. “You mean fire ‘em after an hour?”
“Yep, you got it. You made it part of the employment requirements, right? That he wear a uniform?” Now it was Paul’s turn to scratch his head.
“No sir, I don’t believe I did.”
“Well, I don’t think it makes too much difference.” 
Luckily, the first customer of the day arrived and Frank and Ellen got busy starting their workday. Word got around quickly that Paul’s Auto Supply had a new employee; a very handsome, well-dressed, single man, and business picked up just as fast. It was too easy for the wife or the working girl to stop by and get oil and windshield cleaner from Paul rather than driving all the way to Beauregard or Mobile and have the privilege of saying hello to Alan in the process. By the end of the week, Paul forgot all about the uniform.
Chapter 16
Life was turning around for Alan Johnson. He’d never felt so positive or so honest. Working at Paul’s gave him the opportunity to see Ellen everyday. He wanted to confront Frank soon because it wasn’t fair to either of them for him to keep his suspicions to himself. It would seem like he was sneaking around if he allowed it to go on for too long.
Mary was still in the dark and he’d made the decision to keep it from her until he told the McPherson’s. But he wanted to know more about Margaret, first. It would help him to know if she’d bad mouthed him or if Ellen knew anything about him. He could bring up Margaret to Mary without actually saying her name by repeating what Miss Logan told him about Frank being a widow. Hopefully, she wouldn’t get suspicious.
It was early in the evening, before dinner, but they were already in bed together. It was during the first week he’d worked at Paul’s, his routine falling into place. Staying at Mary’s was more convenient than he’d imagined; he didn’t even have to move his car. Just walk up a block and turn left and there was work. Paul was patient with him after he recovered from the day of the uniform confrontation. It was easy to cross-reference parts with the books. A college kid did the packing and shipping and Paul did the deliveries. Counter business had picked up so much that Paul needed Alan more than he’d thought. On those first evenings after work, he’d walk back to Mary’s and she’d already be home, dinner on the table. And although he was renting a room from her, it was just a matter of time before he’d be in her bed. Getting annoyed because it was taking him so long to make a pass, Mary took matters into her own hands and met him at the door in a negligee, naked underneath.
One night, after they’d had sex, he was resting on his back with his eyes closed while she twiddled a strand of his hair when the opportunity arose to start talking about Frank.
“I never thanked you for telling Frank I needed a job,” he said. “It’s worked out well.”
“No, you never did. You were angry with me,” she replied.
“Sorry, no malice intended.”
“What’d you think of Frank and his kid?” He’d heard a hint of derision in her voice and opened up an eye to look at her, but she seemed peaceful enough.
“They seem like a very nice family,” Alan said, surprised he was feeling defensive. If anything, he should loath Frank.
“Ha! I think they have a very strange relationship.” Alan got up on his side to face her.
“Why do you say that?” he asked. “They appeared to be very loving and normal.” Not that he’d know what normal was if it slapped him in the face.
“You know Ellen isn’t his kid, right?” Mary asked. 
Alan debated for a quick second. Did Miss Logan tell him that?
“No, I didn’t know. Who’s her father?” Alan replied.
As quick as if he’d flipped a light switch, Mary recognized something she’d forgotten from years past.
“No one knows, except…..his name is Alan. Oh my God, I just remembered that Margaret, that’s Frank’s wife, Ellen’s mother, told me his name is Alan. ‘Alan’s okay,’ she said. Wow, what a coincidence.” 
Mary had leaned back and was looking at him intently.
“Lot of men named Alan,” he said, hoping that was the extent of what Margaret had told her. 
No matter what, he was not divulging the truth until the McPherson’s knew. There was just no way in hell.
“What happened to her?” Alan asked.
Mary was getting up from the bed.
“Who?” she asked, confused. 
Alan laid back down and started to laugh.“Margaret. Frank’s wife. You okay?” he asked.
Mary laughed. “Yes, just a little discombobulated.”
“What happened to Frank’s wife?”
“She died,” Mary said. “Word is she kilt herself over at Hallowsbrook.” 
Even though Alan heard that story, the words still stabbed him in the chest when she repeated them.
“That must have been awful for the family,” he said. But Mary smirked.
“Just between you and me, it was a blessing. It had to be a relief for Frank, too. His life already revolved around takin’ care of her kid, at least now he didn’t have to carry the stigma of having a crazy woman for a wife, and trust me, she was nuts.” 
No angel himself, Alan was still appalled at the attitude of the women he’d encountered. First Miss Logan and now Mary. It must be an Alabama thing, or maybe they were glad Frank was free so they could have a shot at him.
“How’d she do it?” Alan asked softly, not really wanting to know, but thinking for the first time that this was the mother of his child they were talking about, not some insane stranger.
Mary slipped on underpants and dug through her drawer for a bra. Putting her arms through the straps, she struggled to get the thing hooked. “I don’t know. We were never told and you couldn’t see any marks on her body.” 
Alan watched her dress, feeling compassion for her, not because she wasn’t attractive; she was very nice looking. But she was getting older, hearing her biological clock ticking, and he was sure, hoping he was the answer.
“I wonder why someone wasn’t watching out for her, some nurse. Is it that easy for a patient to take her own life? I wonder if they’ll sue. How’d the daughter take it?” 
Mary stopped and looked at him, the expression on her face unreadable. Worried he might have asked one too many questions, he waited.
“You couldn’t tell there’d been a loss, doesn’t that explain it? It was like, oh well, another day. I was embarrassed for Margaret, to tell you the truth.”
“How long was she put away? I mean in Hallowsbrook?” Mary turned to her dresser, her head down so although Alan tried to read her expression, she was hiding it from view.
“For a long time. Since Ellen was in kindergarten. So let’s see, she’s fifteen now. So ten years.”
“So she just died?” Alan said, sitting up. 
He knew that, Miss Logan had told him, but hearing it again, after meeting Ellen and Frank, the reality that they’d just had a horrible loss a short time ago made it more heartbreaking. Margaret, I’m sorry.
“In March. So not just. Like I said, she’d been away for so long that it wasn’t that different for everyone. There was no longer a patient we had to visit. That was the biggest change.”
“Did you visit her?”
“Yes,” Mary said shortly. “This conversation is a bummer! We just made love and now were talking about Margaret. I’m ready for a change.”
“Okay, no problem,” Alan replied, but he didn’t miss the look Mary was giving him, the corners of her mouth turned down, starting at him intently. And he wanted to know about the visits to Hallowsbrook. “I just asked because of Frank getting me the job and all.” 
He watched her dressing, bending over to put her slacks on, mouth set; something had upset her, or angered her. Experience with women taught him that unless he really wanted to know, it was best to leave those uncertainties alone. However, if he was going to find out more about Margaret, he realized he was going to have to do a little ass-kissing.
He got up out of bed, naked. “Come here. I can see you’re upset. What just happened? We were having a great conversation.” He took her in his arms and could feel her relaxing under his care. He rubbed her back and finding her bra, unhooked it.
“What are you doing?” she murmured, smiling.
“Do you need to ask?” Leading her back to the bed, he set her down on the edge and started to unbutton her pants. He’d do it to her again, give her a lot of attention, and then maybe she’d talk more about Margaret. It was an exhausting way to get information, and getting more difficult the older he got.
“I’m sorry I got all pissy with you,” she said.
“What happened? You must be upset about Margaret being gone.” The expression on her face changed again, this time he was certain of it. But she was struggling to overcome whatever it was.
“I was upset. When she came here, I helped her out. I gave her a place to stay. She was my friend. And when they put her away, I was the only outsider the family allowed to visit her. I loved Margaret, Alan. I loved her more than I’d ever loved a friend before. She was like a sister to me, but more. To see her check out like that, well it was hard, I won’t deny it.” Mary wasn’t telling the whole truth yet because it was too difficult to dredge up those feeling and he wouldn’t understand, anyway. Men were like voyeurs; they wanted details that titillated, but weren’t interested in the rest. “Me and Margaret had a connection that was more than friendship. Of course it hurt when she left.”
“Did you play a part in helping out Frank with Ellen?”
“You mean, like a substitute mother? No. Well at first I did when she’d go away for a short stay. But not when she was committed. He wouldn’t allow it and Ellen didn’t want it. To this day, she barely will make eye contact with me. Frankly, I think whatever is going on over there is disgusting.”
“You can’t be serious,” Alan said.
“I am very serious. It’s gotten worse since Margaret died.”
“Those are some pretty drastic accusations to make.” She shrugged her shoulders.
“I haven’t made them to anyone but you,” she said.
It wasn’t exactly true. She shared her suspicions with Miss Logan as well as Jessie Brewer. They agreed that things didn’t look right over at the McPherson’s.
“A little bit too much togetherness,” Jessie said. “You ask me, the child should a’ been removed from the home the minute the mother was committed.”
“Where would she have gone?” Mary asked.
“She never told no one about the dad, ‘cept maybe Frank for all we know, and he never says nothin’,” Jessie answered. “You ask me, someone should a’ forced him to come clean. Get the real dad involved.”
“You ever see those two dance together? God Lord, it is beautiful,” Miss Logan said, feeling guilty. “They fit together like a hand and glove, gliding around the dance floor in perfect time. It is a sight to behold.”
“That’s another thing,” Mary said. “What’s with the father and daughter dancing? Where do they do it? At home, alone? It’s not right.”
“You’re jealous,” Miss Logan said. “I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again.”

***

But after seeing the familiar truck pulled over with the father and daughter embracing, appearing to kiss, Miss Logan was no longer certain Mary’s allegations were due to jealousy.
That night at dinner, she was out of sorts. She’d peered out the window of the salon all week, watching every move Ellen and Frank made and there was never anything out of line. She saw them talk and laugh, watched Frank as he watched Ellen crossing the street to pick up the mail like the concerned father always did. One thing out of the ordinary was that Ellen no longer rode her bike home at four like she used to do the previous weeks after school was out. “Why doesn’t Ellen ride her bike home anymore?” she asked Margo Portland, finally in for that haircut.
“Boyd told me they had trespassers out at the cottage. Twice. I bet Frank’s afraid to let her ride anymore.” 
Miss Logan stopped cutting Margo’s hair, scissors and comb poised over her head, looking at her in the mirror.
“Boyd Dalton told you that?”
“Yes, and if you tell anyone, I swear to God Sally Logan, not only will I never speak to you again, I’ll tell everyone I got ringworm from your combs.” 
Miss Logan pushed her in the back.
“I’ll sue your ass, you lie about my place. Since when do you talk to Boyd?”
“He comes into the clinic,” Margo said. “Just like any patient does. And that’s privileged, too.”
“And he just happened to tell you about going out to Frank’s.”
“That’s right, Sally. That’s my story and I’m stickin’ to it.” But Miss Logan was not convinced.
“I think you’re seeing him and trying to keep it on the QT.”
“Out of all the people in the world, you are the last one I would tell if I was seeing our revered married sheriff.”
“Well, are you?” Miss Logan spun Margo around in the chair. “Why’s your face all red?”
“Yes, I’m seeing him!” Margo cried furious with herself for being so weak. Now everyone in town would know and it would just be a matter of time before Boyd heard it and would break it off before his wife, an absolute moron of a woman found out.
“Oh, my God,” Miss Logan said, shaking her head. “But I can see why he would stray. His wife is awful. She’s involved with every Girl Scout, Boy Scout, 4H, fund raising crap there is. She even teaches Sunday School over at the Methodist Church. And you are so sweet. I can absolutely see why Boyd would go for you.”
“You can?”
“Of course, I can. How long have we known each other?” Miss Logan stopped cutting again and was standing with both hands on her hips, scissors dangerously pointed out to the side.
“Forever. Since we were kids.”
“Well, you were a kid and I was old enough to babysit you. But my point is that I really do care for you Margo. You’re one of my true friends. I actually have a worry that I need to talk to you about. You bein’ a healthcare professional and all.” Relieved that the topic was changed, Margo encouraged her to speak up.
“There’s nothing we can’t share, obviously,” she said.
“Well, I was on the bus, you see, so I can’t say what I saw was well, exactly what I thought I saw. And others have been talkin’ about it. Jessie and Mary.” Margo rolled her eyeballs.
“Sally, those two are the worst story tellers. I wouldn’t believe a thing either one said.”
“Well, here’s the thing. I listened to what they said, and then I saw.”
“What is it?”
“Talkin’ about Frank and Ellen,” Miss Logan said, putting her hands down again. Margo looked up at her, frowning.
“Saying what?”
“Well, you know,” she whispered. “That things ain’t right over there since Margaret died and all.”
“How do you mean?” Margo thought she knew what her friend was driving at, but wanted her to say it out loud. Because if it was what she thought Miss Logan was trying to say, she’d have to report it. She could lose her nursing license for keeping quiet about an accusation like that. It was child endangerment.
“Frank and Ellen.”
“Sally, what about them? You have to say it to me. I’m not guessing.”
“Well, I saw them together.” Margo looked up at her again. Miss Logan paused, deliberating. “They were parked in that truck of Frank’s. At the side of the road. I was in the bus, passing by, and they was turned to each other, her arms around his neck. They looked like they was kissin’.” Margo turned back to looking out of the window. The idea that Frank and Ellen were in any kind of perverse relationship was completely improbable. But now that Miss Logan had put the idea out into the universe, Margo had to act. She’d have to tell Boyd as the sheriff, not as her lover.
“Is that it? Was there anything else?”
“Mary claims to have seen them together the other night. Claims she was walking down by the river and just happened upon Frank’s cottage and they was in the living room in an embrace. She said they were standing together, kissing.”
“I don’t believe it,” Margo said, furious.
“I didn’t either,” Miss Logan said, passionately. “That is until I seen with my own eyes.” She put the comb and scissors down. “You ain’t going ta say anything, are you?”
“Sally, I have to now. I’m a registered nurse. You’ve just made an accusation of child endangerment. Ellen could be at risk if what you are saying is true. It has to be investigated. I think it’s nothing, that it’s innocent, but we won’t know until Boyd looks into it.”
“Boyd? Oh my God, Boyd?”
“He’s the sheriff, for Christ’s sake. Who did you think I was going to tell? Pastor Marks?”
“Oh this is terrible. Now Frank is going to be angry with me.”
“He won’t know, and if you’re smart, you’ll stop passing that awful story Mary is telling around. Nip it in the bud, Sally Logan. There’s a lot at stake here. And will you please finish cutting my hair?”
Hands shaking, angry at herself for being such a gossip, Miss Logan picked up the scissor and comb again and slowly and carefully finished cutting Margo Portland’s hair.
Chapter 17
After getting one of the worst haircuts she’d ever had, Margo left Miss Logan’s Beauty Salon in a quandary. She needed to act right away, just in case Ellen really was in danger. It sounded perfectly innocent to her, but if it wasn’t and something happened to Ellen, she’d never forgive herself. It was safer to make the call to Boyd from work rather than her house; she went back to the office. She hated being in the office alone, it was depressing in the daylight. Shutting the shades, locking the door, her palms were sweating as she dialed his number. Dispatch would put her call through to the house and hopefully his wife, Carol wouldn’t answer.
“Seymour dispatch,” the officer said.
“This is Margo Portland from the medical office calling for the sheriff. I have to report a possible case of child abuse.”
“Hold on Miss Portland and I’ll ring his number for you.” A few seconds later, Boyd answered.
“What’s going on?”
“I was in Miss Logan’s this evening and got an earful. I’ll tell you what was said and you can take it from there.”
“Okay, I’m listening.” Margo detailed everything Miss Logan told her, and added what she’d said about Jessie Brewer and Mary Cook, as well. “And I just remembered at the ninth grade dance, Mary alluding to there being something inappropriate going on between father and daughter.” There was silence on the other end of the line. Finally, he spoke.
“You realize this is all bull shit right?”
“Oh, I know that,” Margo answered. “It’s too bad for Frank. Miss Logan told me and now I’m passing it on to you.”
“Shit rolls down hill,” Boyd said.
“And in this case, you’re at the bottom of the hill. What are you going to do?”
“I think I’ll take a ride over to the cottage tonight and talk to Frank.”
“Okay, well I’m sorry.”
Then whispering into the phone, Boyd arranged to see her later. “I’ll come around after I’m finished.”
“Okay,” she said, knowing it was wrong, sorry she ever said she’d get her hair cut after work.

Boyd went back into the kitchen where his family was gathered for dinner. “I’ve got to go out for a bit,” he said. “Riding out to the McPherson place.”
“Again?” Carol Dalton said. “Margo Portland going to be there?”
“No, not this time,” he said, kissing her cheek. “You’re welcome to come if you want.”
“I’ll pass. Say hi to Frank for me,” she said, hiding her middle finger extended in the folds of her apron. That piece of shit was going to see Margo sometime that night, she was sure of it. But there wasn’t a damn thing she could do about it.
“Hey,” he said when he got out in the hall. “Come here a minute.” She thought maybe he was going to hug her, but he had something else in mind.
“What is it?”
“You ever hear any gossip about Frank and Ellen?” 
Carol looked into his eyes and she could see that he was serious, and what he was referring to.
“Like real gossip? Or just crap. ‘Something’s not right over at Frank’s…’ that sort of thing?” Their daughters were good friends of Ellen’s.
“Right, that sort of thing.”
“Well, yes. But it is crap, you know that and I know that. He loves that kid as if she was his own. I can’t imagine him doing anything to her anymore than I could hurt my own kids. Or you. It’s inconceivable.”
“That’s what I think. But the accusation has been made and now I have to follow up on it. I hate this part of the job.”
“Ellen’s been coming over here and the girls over to the cottage since they were in kindergarten. I’d have picked up on it if there was something going on.” She reached up and kissed him again.
“Sorry about the comment about Margo.” He frowned and turned away, but he didn’t deny it. Oh God I hope he doesn’t leave me for her.

Driving through the village after dinner always depressed Boyd. The streets were dead after five. He was born and raised in Seymour and had watched the steady decline of the town for the past twenty years. Decline wasn’t the right term. The town wasn’t declining so much as it wasn’t growing. After the shopping district, he drove through a small residential neighborhood and the further he went from town, the sparser the housing got. Reaching Frank’s he always thought the same thing; he’d like to have a little piece of land out here by the river. It was too expensive now. The big field next to Frank’s was for sale and one day a rich person was going to buy it and build one of those McMansions on the river.
The lights from Frank’s house penetrated the dusk while the sun started its decent. Shutting the lights off to the car, Boyd wanted to sneak up and catch them doing something wrong, maybe kissing in the front window. But instead, he saw a family scene with Frank sitting in his recliner, reading the paper and Ellen on the couch, her nose in a book. The TV was off and there was music playing; he wondered when the last time his wife turned the TV off and suggested their kids pick up a book. Maybe he’d take the lead.
Their front door was open, so he slammed the car door hard, hoping they’d hear. Frank put the paper down and walked to the door. “Howdy, Frank,” he said. “Sorry to come out here unannounced.”
“I’m glad you’re here,” he said. “Something happened yesterday and I want to talk to you about it. It’s got my girl here a bit upset.”
“You want to chat outdoors?” Boyd asked.
“If you don’t mind, I think it best,” Frank answered. “El, I’ll be out here with Sheriff Dalton.” Boyd saw her nod, but not react.
“Walk with me a ways, would you?” Boyd followed Frank away from the house.
“You got my curiosity going, sir,” Boyd said. Frank snickered and waved him further from the house.
“We was leavin’ the garage for home last evening. I run into the grocery and when I come back, my girl is beside herself. This new man in town, you meet up with him yet? I got him a job at Paul’s. Anyway, she swears he’s the stranger who lurked at the edge of the wood last week. The same height and stands a certain way most don’t stand, she said.
“She was so upset, she flipped out and you know as well as any my girl is not an attention seeker. I had to pull the truck over and try to calm her down.” 
Boyd immediately saw the connection; the truck at the side of the road, the hysterical girl being comforted by her father. He wondered if this wasn’t what Miss Logan saw on her way home from work on the bus.
Boyd got his notepad out. “You say you got the man a job? How’d that come about? Just curious.” Frank told him about Mary dating the man and calling over to the garage asking the favor. “What’s his name?” Frank gave him the details, which he wrote down.
“So now what brings you out here?” Frank asked. Boyd shook his head.
“You won’t believe this, sir.” 
He explained about the allegation that had been made, and that he thought the embrace the informer had witnessed was the one that Frank had just told him about.
Completely taken aback by the accusation, Frank was stunned. “I would never, ever harm my girl in any way. The thought of doing anything that might hurt her makes me sick to my stomach. We never touch each other except when we’re dancin’. Now you say this garbage, I might have to rethink us going to a dance contest we was invited to attend.”
“Don’t do that, Frank. Please. I’m sure we can clear this up. I wish I could just drop it, but I have to file a report. My superiors will look it over and I’m sure it will be a closed case tomorrow.”
“Oh Lord God you got to call it a case? I gotta bad feeling about this.” Boyd put his hand up on Frank’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry, I’m truly sorry. But don’t get all worked up. Let’s take it slow. I’ll be in touch when I have something to tell you. Do you hear what I’m saying, Frank?” He slowly nodded his head.

But it wasn’t okay. The next day, the county offices converged upon Seymour. Social services, The Division of Child Safety, made their first visit to the garage on Main Street, initiating the beginning of Frank and Ellen’s nightmare. Two tired looking women drove up in a dusty car with government plates. One was tall and thin and the other was short and chubby. They were dressed as if they’d come to clean house, like women who have given up trying to look even marginally attractive.
“Mr. McPherson, we just want to question the girl about the events of the past few days. You’re welcome to stay in the room when we do so, but you aren’t allowed to answer for her or interrupt.” Frank was speechless. What would they do to him if he interrupted? Shoot him?
“If you’ll excuse us please, I’m takin’ my daughter into the garage to speak to her privately.” Ellen was terrified, and he could see it in her eyes, cursing himself for not speaking about it to her as soon as Boyd left the night before.
The social workers looked at each other. What were they going to do? Call the sheriff?
“Okay, go ahead. But don’t leave.” 
Frank whipped around.
“What’ll you do if I do? You better have a warrant for my arrest.” 
He nodded his head to her and Ellen got up off her stool to follow him into the garage, looking at the women as she left the office. Frank stood aside for her to go before him and the smell of the oil and the familiar space choked her up.
“What’s going on?” she asked. “What are they going to ask me?” 
Frank was embarrassed before her, it was not their usual conversation to talk of intimate things.
“Someone told Sheriff Dalton that you and I was kissin’ at the side of the road the other night. That’s all. You tell those two everything and be honest. We ain’t got nothin’ to hide.” 
He nodded back at the door and she turned to go back into the office. The social workers watched the brief exchange, watched the man speak and the look of distress on the girl’s face and deduced they were in collusion.
The questioning was quick because they’d made their minds up that the man had threatened the young girl. “Are you afraid of your step-father?”
Visibly shrinking away from the women, horrified, she answered, “Of course not!”
“Just now, in the garage, did your step-father tell you to lie to us about what has happened between the two you?”
“No. He told me to be honest with you about everything.”
“Has your step-father touched you inappropriately?” Ellen cringed again.
“That’s disgusting! Who ever said a thing like that about him?”
“Please just answer the question,” the tall one said.
“No, never. Frank hardly ever even hugs me. That’s disgusting,” she repeated. Frank was doing a slow burn in the corner, sorry he didn’t demand to have his lawyer present.
“That’s enough,” he said. “I want our lawyer here, or I want you to arrest me, but you’re not talkin’ to my child more today.”

At home that evening, dinner was a solemn affair. “I’m not really hungry,” Ellen said, elbows on the table and head in her hands.
“Me neither, but we gotta eat. You’re already thin as you can be. You don’t want me to get smaller than the new man in town, right?”
Ellen looked at him and started to giggle; he was standing with his arms out at his sides, making bicep muscles. “No, I guess not.” The phone ringing interrupted their heart-to-heart. Frank picked it up, frowning, not wanting more news of any kind.
“It’s Boyd. Sorry to bother you during dinner, but I wanted to tell you as soon as possible, before you heard it from anyone else.” Frank’s heart was thumping in his chest. “The interview with Ellen today led the social workers to believe there is evidence that needs to be investigated further. I’m sorry, Frank.”
“I don’t get it. She denied everything they asked her.”
“Evidently, they felt she was under coercion.”
“Boyd, that’s utter nonsense. You have to believe me. The thought of what they are accusin’ me of makes me sick to my stomach.”
“Look, I know that. But what I think doesn’t matter now, although if it goes any further, I will definitely speak my opinion on your behalf.”
“So what happens now?”
“You need to show up at the courthouse tomorrow morning with Ellen’s adoption papers.” Involuntarily, Frank took a step back and gasped, scaring Ellen.
“I got no papers Boyd. This is Seymour. Who’d think that was even a necessity here?” A problem Margaret hadn’t foreseen; Frank never adopted Ellen.
“I’m no lawyer, but you have no legal rights now that Margaret’s dead and if the courts wanted to, they could take Ellen away from you and make a stranger her guardian.”
“What do I do now?”
“You get a lawyer fast.” 
They said goodbye and Frank hung the phone up on the wall. He glanced around the room, at the simple furnishing in his childhood home, trying to glean comfort from it as he had in the past.
Frank had never given up on anything in his entire life, but that evening, with Ellen sitting at the kitchen table in their familiar kitchen, watching him carefully with a frightened look on her face, and the sheriff forecasting horrific consequences because of his naiveté, Frank was ready to give up. He choked back an unfamiliar sensation that turned out to be a sob.
Chapter 18
News travels fast in a small town, and Frank and Ellen’s crisis was news. That it was the result of stupidity and gossip didn’t seem to matter. The gentle man and his loving step-daughter were now fair game and even the baggers at the grocery were talking about it, pointing at the garage that had a hand-lettered note applied to the door with masking tape; Frank’s will be closed until further notice. People strolling by stopped to read the note, and if they were uninformed, remarked about how sad it was, Frank’s Garage had been there since Big Frank was alive and what a shame it would be if he never opened up again. 
Those who were in on town gossip sneered at the sign, saying that such a one as Frank McPherson deserved to burn in hell after what he did to that little girl. Stories of bondage and other forms of darkness whispered about in the chairs at Miss Logan’s Beauty Salon, in line at the post office, having lunch at the café and waiting to carry bags for patrons at the grocery store who carried the stories further, more often than not embellished in the worst possible way.
Alan Johnson was livid about what had transpired and made the decision to come forward while the pot was boiling over. Listening to Mary, he knew the torrid stories were a bunch of lies. He saw the love between his daughter and her stepfather the night he lurked outside of their property, hovering at the edge of a black wood like a Peeping Tom. Boyd Dalton sought him out first, opening the door to Paul’s Auto Supply the day after confronting Boyd on the telephone.
“Ask your boss to take over the counter for a minute, will you please?” The sight of an officer of the law only confirmed what he was going to do; lay claim to Ellen as his daughter. Walking outside with the sheriff, Alan waited, not knowing what he was going to hear.
“You’ve been identified as a trespasser by the McPherson’s. Can you explain why you’d be at their house at midnight?” 
Alan looked at him carefully. He was making the assumption it had been him that night. There was a little game that needed to be played before he’d make an admission of guilt. “Night is pitch black around here. Especially down by the river. How can they be sure?”
“The girl says it was you, the way you stand and your stature. So are you denying it?”
“No sir,” Alan said. “I have reason to believe Ellen McPherson is my daughter. I was in a relationship with Margaret Fisher fifteen years ago and I left Florida on a job transfer. We lost contact after that.” It wasn’t the entire truth, but he saw no reason to add more facts.
Boyd had removed his hat, scratching his head. “What makes you think she’s yours?”
“Well look at her! But that’s not all. I know Margaret wouldn’t mess around, so the kid has to be mine. I got nothin’ to gain by claiming she’s my daughter.” He pointed over his shoulder at the store. “This place is barely going to pay my room and board. I don’t even want to interfere with Frank. I think he’s doin’ a fine job of raising her.”
“Then why are you coming forward now?”
“Just explaining my presence in Frank’s yard last week, that’s all.” Boyd thought how amazing fate was. Just at a time when it was possible Frank would be incarcerated and lose custody of Ellen, her birth father show’s up. Unbelievable.
Boyd dismissed Alan. He’d follow up with arrangements for paternity testing, in its infancy at the time, but in a court of law a game changer.
Back behind the counter, Alan was shaking, sick to his stomach. The sheriff didn’t say one way or the other, but Alan thought he believed him. Ellen was his daughter. Working through the day brought some relief from the anxiety that was plaguing him. The job was not as bad as he thought it would be, but living with Mary was turning out to be a nightmare. She was clingy and demanding and he thought she contributed to what was happening to Frank McPherson.

***

Frank and Ellen had an appointment to meet with his attorney, Ralph Scott in the morning. Frank made a special breakfast for Ellen, and they chose their clothes with care.
“I feel like we’re headed to Hallowsbrook again,” Ellen said.
“Yes, I was thinkin’ the same thing.” They drove into Beauregard in silence, arriving with time to spare. The attorney only needed to speak with Frank, sparing Ellen.
Although the situation didn’t look good, he was confident that those who knew the two of them would vouch for Frank and charges wouldn’t be forthcoming. “You need to open up the garage and get your life back to normal. Act as normal as possible. Go to Beauregard for June Extravaganza and dance in their dern contest if that’s what it takes.”
“Slow dancin’ is the cause of all this trouble,” Frank said. “I don’t think we best take your advice in that department.”
“Hold your head up in town, Frank. Now’s not the time to back down.” The intercom on his desk buzzed.
“Mr. Scott, Sheriff Dalton on line two.” Ralph looked up at Frank and raised his eyebrows.
“Boyd, I got Frank McPherson here. You’re on speaker phone.” Boyd groaned; Ralph you’re such an ass.
“Ah, this is not the news I want to give the man over the phone.” Frank looked at Ralph.
“Well now you gotta say it, Boyd. Jesus Christ.”
“What can it be that’s worse than what we’ve got here?” Frank said.
“Frank, the new man in town. Alan Johnson. You know who I’m talking about, correct?”
“Yes, I know who he is. He’s the one peerin’ at Ellen in the middle of the night.” Ralph Scott looked up at him and frowned.
“What are you getting at Boyd? We don’t have all day here,” Ralph said.
“I’m getting to that. Alan Johnson claims he could be Ellen’s father. That’s why he was out at the cottage the other night, just to see her. He claims he was Margaret’s boyfriend in Florida fifteen years ago and was transferred to Galveston for a job. She was supposed to meet him and never showed up.”
The words paralyzed Frank, choking his throat, numbing his hands. Ralph looked at him and could see he was distressed. “Did you know about this?” he asked gently.
“No,” he sputtered. “I mean I knew there was someone else but not who or where. No one ever came forward claiming Ellen.”
“What does he want?” Ralph asked.
“Nothing, just to know her. He admits he doesn’t have anything to offer her. He’d like to have a paternity test to make sure she’s really his child. Will you agree to that, Frank?” Ralph wanted him to take his time answering, holding up his hand to slow things down, but Frank disagreed.
“I want to know, too. Before this other thing gets worse. She’s old enough to decide if she wants a relationship with a stranger. I got to tell her now.”
“Will you agree for Ellen to get a blood test?” Boyd asked. “You only need to take her over to the clinic and Margo will draw the blood.” Frank nodded his head, but put his hands over his eyes, rubbing the disbelief out.
“He’s agreeing,” Ralph said. “As soon as we’re done here. Before you hang up, what’s going on with the child abuse allegation?
“The ADA is deciding if we have enough evidence to issue an arrest warrant. I’m really sorry Frank.”
“Talk to him later, Boyd.” Ralph said, and hung up the phone. Frank stood up, having reached his limit.
“I gotta talk to my girl and then to the man with the claims. Why now? Why’d he wait? If he don’t want nothin’ from Ellen, why’d he bother?”
“Like Boyd said, Frank, he just wants to know her. Let’s pray that is really all there is because I can see things getting ugly and I want you to be prepared to fight.”
“You mean run with her?”
“No, no, not run. That wouldn’t work.” He looked at Frank and saw that he was dealing with a country boy, someone wholesome whose exposure to the seamier side of life was minimal, unless it was something he’d seen on TV.”
“What I mean is that I want you to be prepared to put everything you have into it.”
Frank might have been simple, but he wasn’t stupid. “You mean like my garage, my house, that sorta thing.” Ralph was rubbing his chin.
“Your time, too, Frank. You prepared for a fight?”
“I’ll do whatever it takes,” Frank said standing up, already defeated. He needed to talk to Ellen right away. He reached across the desk for Ralph’s hand to shake. “Thank you.”
“No problem, Frank. If anything comes across my desk today I’ll be in touch.” Frank looked at him carefully, but decided not to start the topic again. If he was arrested, his attorney would be ready. Ralph walked around his desk and put his hand on Frank’s back.
“I got a good feeling about this Frank, and I don’t toss that around lightly. It might take some work to get to the right place, but we’re both ready. Try not to worry too much. I know, easy for me to say.”
Frank smiled at him, but didn’t answer. He had only one thought and it was to talk to Ellen. Ralph reached around him and pulled the door open. He saw the girl sitting in his waiting room, and up until that moment, hadn’t realized how pretty she was, and alluring. Maybe it would be more difficult to defend Frank than he originally thought. After defending both the guilty and innocent over the years, Ralph could spot a liar. Watching Frank go to Ellen and take her hand, she looked up at him with so much trust, and faith that he would protect her, Ralph changed his mind again. His client was innocent.
“You ready to go sister?” Ellen nodded her head, letting him pull her up. “Should we go to lunch?” She shook her head.
“I think we should go to the garage,” she answered. Ralph chuckled.
“See, just like I said.”
“Well I guess that means until further notice is two hours later,” Frank replied, laughing. Things didn’t feel quite so desperate, yet.
Chapter 19
The first part of the day was busy at the parts counter, and Alan was getting used to the routine. He schmoozed with customers, filled their orders and made small talk with the women of town, and then in the afternoon he’d help pick orders for the next day’s deliveries. Moving back into his own room at Mary’s with the excuse that he didn’t want to disturb her with his snoring, he was walking a fine line between keeping things civil with her and telling her he was leaving to move back to Cate’s. It didn’t take long before he regretted moving in with Mary so quickly, even as a tenant, forcing her to take money for the room so she couldn’t accuse him of freeloading.
But on the day when Boyd Dalton told Frank and his attorney about Alan’s claims, everything would change for him. Frank and Ellen returned to the garage and took the sign closed until further notice down. The occupants of the businesses up and down Main Street saw the sign go into the trashcan on the curb, watched as cars arrived for service pulling into the bays or waiting on the street. Ellen was silent, reading her book, thinking of the amazing story Frank had told her as they sat in the car outside of Ralph Scott’s office.
“The stranger meant you no harm,” he started out. They’d gotten into the car, but he didn’t turn the key right away. “He wanted to see you with his own eyes because he has reasons to believe he might be your natural father.” Frank looked straight ahead, waiting.
“What might those reasons be?” Ellen asked. Frank turned to her, embarrassed.
“He said he was dating your mother fifteen years ago and had to leave town. She was supposed to follow him but never showed up.”
“So he come into town especially for me?” Trying not to smirk, she was disbelieving.
“That’s what it sounds like. You have an objection to having a blood test? Just to be sure? Put my mind at rest and yours, too.” Ellen thought about what he was asking of her. A pinprick and a look under a microscope could change the way she viewed her life. Was it even necessary?
“Can I at least think about this? It’s all my decision, is that what you’re sayin’ Frank? I can have it or not.”
Frank didn’t want to admit he took it for granted it was something she had to do. Boyd asked if he would agree to it, not Ellen. Frank thought he had no say over what happened to Ellen. Maybe he needed to go back into the attorney’s office. “Come with me, sister. We need to clarify a few things with Ralph Scott before we move forward.” They got back out of the car and returned to the office. Frank explained what their concern was and the receptionist wrote everything down and left the room.
Ralph came out to the waiting room himself, shaking hands again. “You certainly aren’t required to take the test,” he said, addressing Ellen. “But it would probably be in your best interests to do so. Then, if it turns out Mr. Johnson, that is his name, correct? If it turns out he’s mistaken, then you can be done with him.”
“What gives him the idea that he’s my father?” Ellen asked.
“Just that he was your mother’s boyfriend fifteen years ago, and had to leave Florida. I’m sorry, Miss McPherson.”
“It’s Fisher,” Ellen said, tossing her head.
“Um, right, sorry. Fisher.” Frank smirked; she was no pushover.
“I guess we’ll call Boyd when we get back to the garage,” he said. “Come on, sister. Let’s try to get out of here one more time.” They walked back to the car without saying goodbye to Ralph again.
As the afternoon wore on and Frank took care of customers, Ellen was unable to focus on her book, trying to remember what Alan’s face was like, his hair, what clothing he had on. He was tall, narrow through the shoulders and hips. When he handed her the money, she’d noticed his hands; nice hands that didn’t work hard with pale pink fingernails. His hair was too black to be natural. She wasn’t used to men who dyed their hair, and she smirked thinking about it.
“What’s amusing you now?” Frank said coming through from the garage.
“I’m pretty sure the stranger dyes his hair,” she said. Frank’s hair was brown and always neat. He kept it short because it was easier being in the garage not to have to worry about hair getting in his eyes.
He looked at her. “I hardly know what to say to that. It must be the city way for men to fix their hair.”
“Are you gonna say anything to him about it?”
“His hair?” Frank was stalling.
She laughed out loud. “No Frank, not his hair. About bein’ my dad and all.”
“I know. I’m just teasin you. I guess we need to call on Boyd first and see if he knows anything more about the man.” Ellen took the phone off the wall and handed it to him. It was a black rotary phone with a short cord so he had to stand right at the desk while he talked, not wander away when he had to say something he didn’t want her to hear.
“Right now?” he said, unsure whether what Boyd had to say was something they needed to know. Ellen was living proof Margaret had been with another man. But what if she was married to him? Although it might be positive for Ellen to have that information, it would mean he’d been a bigamist.
“Yes, please,” she said. “Right now. I gotta know Frank. I wish we could talk to the man in person but I want to wait until we’re sure. I mean, what if he’s a windbag?”
“That he could be,” Frank said softly. “I’ll call Boyd.” He dialed the number to the sheriff and dispatch said they’d have Boyd return the call. “Now we gotta sit around here and wait.”
“I like it here,” Ellen said. “Bein’ at the garage this summer is one of the best times in my life.”
“We gotta do something about that,” he said, laughing. “A trip to the beach or a carnival, but not the smelly garage.” The phone rang.
“Frank’s Garage,” he said.
“It’s Boyd. What can I do for you?”
“Ellen wants to know why Mr. Johnson thinks she could be his daughter? What’s his reasons?”
“Well, let me remember exactly what he said,” Boyd replied, pausing. “He said he was in a relationship with Margaret Fisher and he left for a job transfer to Galveston and they lost touch. But he found out recently she’d had a baby after he left and he suspected the baby was his.”
“That seems like a pretty flimsy reason to me,” Frank said. Ellen strained to get closer to the ear piece, but Franks moved further away and frowned.
“I think it would be perfectly acceptable for the two of you to confront him yourself if you are comfortable with it. He said you were doing a fine job of raising her and he didn’t want to interfere.”
“It doesn’t explain why he’s comin’ forward now,” Frank said.
“I can’t answer for him,” Boyd said. “I’m sorry this is all coming on at once.”
“Yeah, it does sort of make one think there might be a connection, doesn’t it.”
“I didn’t mean it that way, Frank. I’m not privileged to reveal who made the accusations, but I can tell you it wasn’t Johnson.”
“Okay, well thanks anyway.” They said goodbye and hung up. Ellen was waiting for him to tell her what Boyd said. “We can talk to him ourselves.”
“That was his answer? Gosh, thanks a lot.”
“Yes, well he said the man doesn’t want to interfere, in so many words.”
“Then why bother coming forward? I guess I’m too young or too stupid to understand.” Frank reached over and put his hand on her shoulder. He dare not hug her in case someone was watching.
“Let’s go over to Paul’s and ask him ourselves.” He automatically locked up the garage to walk next door.
“Can’t believe I’m lockin’ up. Things sure have changed,” Frank said shaking his head.
“I see that,” Ellen replied. “Can’t be too careful now.”
Alan was going over an invoice and looked up when they walked in. Ellen had her eyes on him, trying to feel some kinship, but there was nothing. They might have shared a similar hairline, and his ears looked familiar. He was so lanky; Ellen had tried Margaret’s brassieres on and she was ample busted compared to the slender Ellen. Maybe she took after Alan Johnson’s women more than she took after her mother in that respect.
“We heard from the sheriff today. About your claim to be Ellen’s dad.”
“Let me clarify that,” Alan quickly said, looking to Ellen. “I believe I might be your father, but make no claim to it. I hope you’d be willing to take a test.”
“What makes you believe it?” Ellen asked. “What happened that made you think of me?”
“I was looking for your mother,” Alan said. “When I left Florida for Texas, she was supposed to follow me, but she never showed up. So when I got sacked I had the time to go lookin’ for her again and someone from her old work place told me she’d had a baby, that she’d lost her job and left Saint Augustine with you. The timing was right for you to be mine.”
“And you didn’t know she was gonna have a baby?”
“No, she didn’t tell me and then I left town. I borrowed money from her and never paid her back,” he answered, ashamed. Ellen thought about it for a moment before she continued on.
“Why’d you come lookin’ for me in Seymour?” Ellen asked, still unsatisfied. “How’d that come about?”
“It was serendipity,” he answered. “I stopped for lunch in Mobile and found this article.” He’d taken the newspaper article about the ninth-grade graduation dance from Mary, pulling it out of his pocket to show them. “Then I met Miss Logan at the boarding house. She started talking about your mother and I found out she’d died. I’m very sorry, by the way.
“I’m sorry I was snooping around your woods. Also, that I came here and didn’t introduce myself right away. I wasn’t sure it was really you.”
Having to navigate her manipulative mother, Ellen had a sense about people and it was telling her that Alan Johnson was somewhat the scoundrel who couldn’t be trusted completely. But he had nothing to gain as far as she could tell, by claiming her as his child.
“What’d you want from us?” Frank asked.
“Nothin’, I swear,” Alan replied, looking at Ellen again. “I don’t have anything to offer you, but I don’t want anything either. Just to know you, if you are my child. And if you don’t want to know me, well I’ll live with it.” Ellen looked at Frank and he could tell by her eyes she’d had enough.
“We’ll talk to the sheriff about what the next step should be then,” Frank said, putting out his hand to shake Alan’s outstretched. They turned and left the parts store and started walking to the truck.
“I guess I’ll take the test,” Ellen said. “It can’t hurt nothin’. But you know Frank that even if he’s my father, it don’t mean a thing to me. You’re my dad, always.”
“Thank you, sister. I appreciate it.” As they reached the truck, Frank just happened to look up at Miss Logan’s. She was standing in the window watching but she quickly turned away when she saw him looking over, not waving at him in acknowledgment, as she would have in the past. “Well, look at that. Miss Logan just turned her back on me. You suppose she’s listening to gossip?”
“Gossip probably originated with Miss Logan,” Ellen said smugly. “Know that she and Mary are closely related in the gossip department. Which one said it first might be up for debate. But it’s not very nice of me to say so, so I better be quiet.” It never occurred to Frank that it could have been Miss Logan who saw them hugging in the car until that second.
“You don’t say?” Frank said, staring at the salon. “I should stroll over there and have a little chat with her. What do you think?” Ellen looked over at the salon, at the smudged windows with the fading signage and the disintegrating brick work in front. Miss Logan was rather pathetic; not that old, but old enough, she didn’t have much of a life with her boarding house address and public transportation, her seedy building which stood next to the flawlessness of Frank’s Garage.
“No, I say let her be. If she was the instigator, it will come out soon enough. It will probably help her business.”
“I noticed business at the garage was next to a stampede today and we supposed to be closed,” Frank said, smiling. But Ellen was ready to move on, anger at Miss Logan and Alan Johnson, Boyd Dalton and her own mother surfacing again so that the few seconds of respite making fun of Miss Logan provided had passed.
“Let’s go to the clinic and get it over with,” Ellen said. “I feel sick to my stomach again.”
“I do, too. Although it don’t matter at all to me, I always knew you were another man’s child, Ellen. But it never made a bit of difference to me. Not one iota.” 
He put the key in the ignition and the truck started up fine, so that he gunned it a little to give her a thrill like it used to when she was a small girl. It worked again and she laughed.
“You called me dada the first time we laid eyes on each other. Grabbed my hand and said it, so that your mother started to laugh. She told me right off that she wasn’t married to your father.”
“Why not, I wonder? It’s scandalous nowadays; it must have been horrible for her then.”
Ellen imagined her mother, alone, unwed. If Alan was the father, did he flee? Why didn’t she bother to tell him? He said he owed her money. That she’d lost her job after a time. How desperate was she?
 “Poor momma,” Ellen said. “No wonder she was off her rocker that far back.”
“She took wonderful care of you, sister. Your little dresses ironed as carefully as if she was fixin’ to wear them herself. Our first date you came with us. The drive-in movie. You sat between us and then fell asleep with your head in her lap and your feet up against me.”
“It was lucky she found someone like you, Frank.”
“I said the same thing about her. I was lucky to find someone like Margaret. Her breakin’ down in front of my garage, now that was a blessing. I don’t even want to think about what my life would be without you.” 
He shook his head, trying to put the horrible thought out, and putting the truck into gear, they drove to the medical office in silence.

After the encounter with Frank and Ellen, Alan felt sick, as well. It was near closing anyway, so he simply told Paul he was leaving because he was ill. Taking his jacket off the coatrack, he left out the back door without saying goodbye to the packers. Head down, he walked as fast as he could to Mary’s boarding house. She’d be there waiting for him and he was dreading it, making the decision that if she crossed him, he was going back to Cate’s. But she was pleasant and happy, talking about her day, puttering around the kitchen fixing dinner and he was able to hide his distress. Still not willing to share his suspicions about Ellen’s paternity, he’d wait until their blood test results came back.
Relaxed with his elbows on the table, enjoying a glass of wine with Mary during dinner, he let his guard down for a moment forgetting whom he was talking to and it had an untoward effect on her. 
“I spoke with Ellen and Frank before closing. Ellen is very sweet. What a great guy Frank is. I’m glad Margaret ran into him.” 
If he’d been looking at Mary when he said it, he’d have stopped right away. But he was gazing out the window at her back yard, with the dwarf fruit tree and the ratty chain link fencing.
“Your yard could be nice if you put a little effort into fixing it up.” 
Those last fateful words are what caused him to shut up and regret speaking, though she was livid long before.
“What do you mean; you’re glad Margaret ran into him? Margaret who, Alan? Who are you speaking of? My Margaret?” 
She’d gotten up from the table and started to pace, stopping right in front of him with a look of such disdain that he reared back, frightened she was going to haul off and pop him.
“Yes, your Margaret. Take it easy.”
“Don’t tell me to take it easy, Alan. Why do you care about Margaret? Why the sudden interest in Ellen and Frank?” 
Lips trembling, Mary’s face was flushed, but she had a pale ring around her mouth that frightened Alan; it was obvious she was seething mad.
“I’m not suddenly interested,” he said, knowing he would regret it when and if the blood tests came back positive. “They just happened to stop by the store before closing is all.” 
He didn’t mention that the confrontation actually made him ill.
“You know the sheriff is gathering evidence against him. Did you realize that, Alan? Evidence that he’s abusing Ellen. I heard it today. Miss Logan blew the whistle on him when no else, me included had the courage.” The look of triumph on her face shocked Alan. “He’s a sleaze ball, Frank McPherson is. High and mighty Frank really nothing more than a low-life child molester.” 
Speechless, if it was true, and Ellen was his child, Frank was abusing his child. Without warning, he jumped on her, knocking her to the floor.
“What do you know, you whore! What are you saying? Who told you Frank was abusing Ellen, who?” 
Her shirt bunched up in his hands, spittle hitting her in the face, in the eye as he screamed.
Once Mary caught her breath from the attack, she started to scream. 
“Get off me!” 
Arching her back and struggling, he was too strong for her, as an insane person gains strength in anger, Alan could kill her with his bare hands and told her so.
“I’ll wring your neck if you don’t tell me what you know!”
“Sally Logan saw them kissing at the side of the road,” she yelled.
“You believe the lies that dried up old bitch is spreading all over? I thought you were smarter than that.” 
With strength she dredged up from some deep, attention-starved place, Mary Cook shoved him off her, but not before she slipped up, just to save her own skin.
“I saw it, too. I saw them standing in the living room out at the cottage on the river, kissing. It was disgusting, I tell you! They’re disgusting.” 
She was panting, kneeling on the hard wooden floor, hands on her knees, choking for air.
“Why didn’t you tell the sheriff what you saw?” he said, rocking back on his heels.
“I didn’t want him to know I was out there,” she said, gasping for breath. 
All Alan could think of was that his child might be in danger. It seemed so unlikely, because Frank and Ellen were so good together; you could just see their love and tenderness, nothing sexual or lurid at all. But he had to tell the sheriff this extra piece of news. If Mary did see what she said she saw, he had to act.
“You call me a whore? Ha!” she gasped. “She was kissing him back! She’s the whore. Ellen Fisher is the whore!” 
Without thinking, he lifted up his hand and smacked her as hard as he could across the face, the whump! echoing through the living room to the kitchen, knocking her over. She put her hand up to her face, and at first she was going to laugh, but then she realized that her suspicions about him were true. He’d just confirmed it for her.
“You’re her father, you filthy pig, you! Ha! I knew it, I suspected it. Get out of my house!” She screamed. 
Without wasting a second, he got up off the floor and walked into the bedroom off the kitchen to gather his belongings. He’d been living out of his suitcase so it wouldn’t take long. Sneaking up on him, when he turned, she was in the doorway, a grin on her face, hands behind her back.
“I fucked her, too.” 
Not knowing what she was getting at, did she mean she slept with Frank behind Margaret’s back, or did she steal money from her, not thinking what she meant was what it really meant. Then he got it, and he laughed.
“In your dreams, Mary. A woman like Margaret wouldn’t give someone like you the time of day,” he said, snickering. 
Mary flew at him screaming again, hitting him with both fists. Surprised, he grabbed her arms but she’d caught him off guard and he lost his balance, falling over on the bed. Tears running down her face, Alan saw the frustration and anger of hidden yearning and unrequited love.    
“What! Were you in love with both of them? I figured Frank, but his wife, too? You’re a piece of work.”
“She loved me!” Mary screamed. “We loved each other, you piece of shit. You didn’t deserve someone like her.”
“I didn’t know she was pregnant,” he said, dodging her flaying hands. “It was fifteen years ago. I was just a kid.”
“That’s no excuse,” she spit out, getting off the bed. 
A lump in her throat hurt from screaming. Leaving him in disgust, she went back to her own apartment and locked the door. She’d never admitted that she and Margaret had been lovers to anyone. It was so delicate, Margaret refusing to discuss it in their conversations afterward because it didn’t mean the same thing to her. But to Mary, it was everything, especially after Margaret began to slip. Seeing her deteriorate was more than Mary could stand after what Margaret meant to her. 
Now that Alan knew, the beauty of it was cheapened, him knowing about it ruined it. Sitting on the edge of her bed, she lowered her face in her hands and started to sob in earnest, broken-hearted. All this time after her death, the finality of Margaret dying hit her in its fullest power, grief overwhelming her. 
“Why didn’t I keep my mouth shut?”
Chapter 20
While Alan Johnson moved out of Mary’s house, heading to Beauregard to see if Cate would take him back, Frank and Ellen were at home after having her blood drawn by Margo at the clinic. Frank was putting another flat of petunias in the ground while Ellen made dinner; meatballs and spaghetti tonight. He insisted on doing the planting alone although it was something they’d done together in the past because having to be out there among the decimated peonies was too upsetting for her. They were trying to forget and move on. It would be easier to do once the garden was colorful again.
Knowing Alan Johnson was the stranger at the edge of the wood made Ellen feel a little safer; at least it wasn’t someone meaning to do her harm. Now all they had to do was wait for a week to get the blood results back, and then they would decide what to do with the information. Dinner was almost ready; a cover over the simmering sauce would keep it from spattering all over as she went out to tell Frank. Squatting down, putting the last flower in, Frank’s back was to the house. After doing battle at the lawyer’s office and working all day in the hot garage, he was sweating in the dirt for her. A sense of peace and of love flowing over her, Ellen was convinced that no matter what the result of the blood test was, Frank would always be her father.
“Time to eat, Frank.”
“That was fast.” He rocked back on his heels, sniffing the air. “I can smell Italian out here.”
“The flowers look very nice,” she said softly, smiling. “Thank you for doin’ this.”
“No problem. Can’t let a spoilsport ruin it for us.”
“Is that all it was?” she asked, uncertain. “It feels like a lot more. It feels very personal. Spiteful.” Walking to the porch, he reached up to take his hat off and scratched his head.
“Only if you let it. Don’t give nobody that kind of power over you.” 
He put his arm around her and they walked into the house together. Hanging his straw hat up on the peg behind the door, Frank looked around the living room as if he were seeing it for the first time in a while.
“You know, we got the same old furniture we had when my ma was alive. I think it’s time we spruce it up around here. What do you say?”
Ellen followed his eyes, to the upholstered chair with the carved wooden arms that her mother once sat in and the footstool covered in petit point that Frank’s mother had worked, where Margaret rested her feet, trim legs crossed at the ankles. Behind it were ancient maple bookshelves Frank senior built, filled with Margaret’s books. Next to the brass floor lamp stood Frank’s recliner where he sat to watch boxing on TV every Saturday night, drinking a beer or two. The right side of the couch was Ellen’s territory, and on the step table next to it was a pile of books to read and a good reading lamp. 
“I don’t want to change it,” she said passionately. “No thank you, Frank. Unless you really don’t like it, I say leave it be. I’ve had enough change for one day if you don’t mind. The house stayin’ the same is one thing I can count on.”
“Okay, just a suggestion on account of everything being so turned upside down I thought a little change inside might be in order.”
They made small talk over dinner, but what kept surfacing was Ellen’s fear. “I just don’t feel like I can ever sit out on the porch again. Or stay home alone.”
“All this only just happened,” Frank reminded her. “You might be expectin’ a bit much. But I have an idea. Let’s teach you to shoot a gun. We’ll set up a target out behind the garage. I got my old bale o’ hay and we just need to attach a target to it.”
“I’d like that,” she said, holding up her hand like it was a gun. “I dare anyone to pick my flowers. Bang, bang!”
“Ha! Nope, this isn’t for flower pickers. Shootin’ a gun is only if yer life is threatened.”
“Let’s do it soon,” she replied.
“We can do it tomorrow after work,” he said. “While we still have some light.” Ellen felt instant relief knowing she’d be able to protect herself, just in case.

Mary had an old-fashioned temper tantrum after Alan left. Knowing he was going back to Towering Pines didn’t help; Miss Logan would probably hear the whole story of their fight and it would end up being chair side conversation at the beauty salon. Thinking about it, the whispers at the café, even the baggers at Family-Owned gossiping about her, she tore the sheets off his bed and stomped on them for a few minutes before stuffing them in the washer, pouring in extra bleach. Next, she took the mug he’d used for the past week out to the concrete driveway to smash to bits with a shovel, working up a sweat.
“Mary Cook, you better sweep that up good so no visitors get a flat.” She looked at what she’d done and at her concerned neighbor who was watching her antics over the fence, but waved him off. A shard of glass wouldn’t flatten a tire. “He musta been a heartbreaker to make you so mad.”
“Peter go back into your house, please,” she said, bringing the shovel up over her head again for a final smash. A little piece of the mug hit her leg and she didn’t even feel it until she went back inside for a broom and noticed a slender thread of blood running down her calf. She grabbed a paper towel and pressed it against her leg, anger abating, sadness replacing it. If she’d known he was THEE Alan, the Alan of Ellen’s father, she’d never had gotten involved. But to be honest, she’d wondered, already entertaining the fantasy of telling Margaret, IF she’d still be alive. The scenario went through her head, going to the hospital, holding Margaret, stroking her back.
“Alan’s living with me; he’s sleeping in my bed at night. I couldn’t get Frank, but I could get Alan.” But you couldn’t keep him, she thought, anger welling up again. Margaret would say that, I couldn’t keep him, but you couldn’t keep him, either. Mary began to cry, the unfairness of it. She was alone, again.

***

Driving to Beauregard, Alan remembered that he wanted to tell the sheriff what Mary said she saw in Frank’s living room. He didn’t believe it for a second, but telling was the right thing to do, the first step toward protecting his daughter, just in case. Pulling into the gas station on the way to Cate’s, there was a pay phone outside on the side of the building. He dialed the operator and asked for the sheriff. Dispatch came on. “I need to talk to the sheriff about a child maybe being in danger.” He stumbled over the words, so foreign to his tongue and doubts about the validity of Mary’s story making him regretful for having made the call in the first place.
“Hold the line please,” dispatch said. Alan looked down at the glass and gravel ground almost into dust, intermingling with busted black top.
“Sheriff Dalton,” a familiar voice said.
“Sheriff, this is Alan Johnson. Ellen Fisher’s father.” It was premature, but so what. “Mary Cook told me she was over at the McPherson place a few nights ago and witnessed a deplorable act between Frank and my daughter. Now I don’t believe it, but she says they were kissing, holding on to each other. Like lovers.”
Boyd Dalton immediately thought of the destroyed garden. “Did she tell you what night it took place?”
“No sir, just that she was walkin’ by the river. But like I said, I don’t believe it, but I felt it was my duty to let you all know down there at the sheriff’s office.”
“Thank you, Mr. Johnson. I’ll look into it.” They said goodbye and Alan hung up and walked back to his car.
“I’ve got to get over to Seymour for a bit.” Boyd stuck his head in the control room of the station before he headed out to Mary Cook’s. He’d have an interview with her before the night was up.

***

The lights were on in the dining room at Towering Pines. Alan hesitated, dreading a public admonishment from Cate and Miss Logan. He thought it might be in his favor to let them see him vulnerable since he needed something from Cate.
“I’m back,” he said, announcing his arrival. But they’d watched him unloading his bag out of the front seat of the car, and were waiting expectedly, especially Miss Logan. When he glanced into the dining room, it was at a sea of smiling faces, not a wagging finger in sight.
“I see that,” Cate said, getting up from her chair. “Come in and eat with us.”
“Okay, I’d like that.” He followed her back into the room, everyone watching, forks poised above plates. “You have a room available?” There was a stranger at the table, a lovely woman with blond hair wound into a twist in the back of her head, very 1940’s.
“Yep, you can have your old room at the top of the stairs if you’d like,” Cate said. “This is Miss Margo Portland, by the way.” She nodded toward Margo who was smiling.
“Okay, I recognize you,” Alan said. “You’re over at the clinic.” Margo nodded and smiled. Now that he’d revealed it to everyone, she was legally free to acknowledge him.
“My guest,” Miss Logan said.
“Help yourself,” Cate directed, pointing to the buffet. “Roast beef tonight.” Alan took a plate and heaped on the food, not realizing how hungry he was.
“So what happened at Mary’s?” Miss Logan said, launching right in.
“Sally, for God’s sake, shut up!”
“That’s okay, Cate. I might as well get everything out in the open. I believe I’m Ellen Fisher’s father and Mary wasn’t too happy about it.” Margo and Miss Logan exchanged looks.
“I wondered why you were so interested in Margaret,” Miss Logan said, smirking.
“Yes, and I am sorry about seemingly deceiving you,” Alan said. “I knew when I was fishing for information that it might come down to this, you being annoyed, but I had to take the risk. You started talking about Margaret without me saying a thing. I blindly arrived here having seen only a newspaper article and a name. Everything fell into place. It’s almost scary how easy it was; dumb luck.” 
The problems Miss Logan instigated by accusing Frank of passionately kissing Ellen were foremost in her mind.
“Are you going to do anything about the father messing with the girl?”
“Sally! Are you insane?” Margo yelled. “Honest to god, you are going to get your ass into hot water if you don’t keep your damn mouth shut.”
“I think it’s a bunch of crap,” Alan said. “But I’m sure the investigation will clear his name.”
He didn’t mention talking to Boyd Dalton earlier to tell him about Mary’s accusation and Margo hadn’t had her evening chat with Boyd, so she didn’t know either. Miss Logan knew because she’d heard Mary’s gossip from Jessie and later, Mary confirmed it.
“Don’t be too sure,” Miss Logan said.
“Let’s change the topic, shall we?” Cate said. “Alan, how’s the job?” 
Giving more details than were necessary just to keep control, Alan then pulled Mr. Rosen into the conversation and even tried to engage Emil.
But Miss Logan had to bring up Mary’s name again. “So, is it over between you and Mary? You made a great looking couple, by the way. A customer said she saw you two dancing and you made quite a team.”
“We’ll see,” Alan said, chuckling, thinking of Mary laying on the floor, screaming at him. “She’s a pistol, that’s for sure.”
When dinner was over, he had one thing in mind and that was to get to his room and crash. It had been an exhausting couple of days.
“Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’m beat. Think I’ll get unpacked and call it a night.”
“We’ve been meeting on the porch for wine around eight for summer nights if you’d like to join us, I mean if you’re still awake,” Cate said quickly.
“Any special occasion?” he asked.
“Just in honor of the summer,” Miss Logan said.
“It’s already almost the end of June,” Cate added sorrowfully. “I hope I get to the beach this year.”
“What beach?” Alan asked, confused. He was thinking she might be talking about a beach on the Alabama River.
“What beach? What beach!” Miss Logan said. “Are you crazy?”
Alan laughed out loud. “Tell me woman, what beach?”
“Dauphin Island, of course. Didn’t you say you lived on the Gulf? Galveston, wasn’t it? And you don’t know that beach? Good lord, man. Get with it!” Everyone was laughing. It felt good to relax and let it all out.
“Maybe I’ll join you later,” he said. “Unless I fall asleep. Then you’ll have to knock on my door.”
“Choose who knocks,” Miss Logan said, a sultry tone to her usually down-country accent. “Cate or me. Or both.” Cate was laughing, holding on to her side.
“Sally Logan! What in hell has gotten into you? Please, no one pay any attention to her.”
“I think you’re all nuts,” Emil Magda said, pushing his chair away from the table. “I’ve lived her for four years and none of you ever made a big deal out of me coming down for summer nights.”
“Don’t feel left out, Emil. They don’t give me the time of day, either,” Mr. Rosen said sadly.
“Okay, if I’m awake at eight I’ll come down. I’m pretty tired, though.” He looked at the men. “No malice intended.”
“None taken,” Emil said, frowning. “I’ll be there tonight, by the way. I wouldn’t miss this one for a million dollars.”
“Me neither,” Mr. Rosen said. “I think our presence might prevent an unsuitable event from taking place.”
“Mr. Rosen! I’m shocked,” Cate said.
“I’m hoping it will be good and unsuitable,” Miss Logan said. “As a matter of fact, I’m counting on it.”
“You’re impossible,” Cate said.
“Well, goodnight, for the time being,” Alan said, trying to get away without being rude. He didn’t wait for a reply, but left the dining room quickly and hurried up the staircase to his room. Cool air rushed out at him when he opened the door; Cate must have turned the air-conditioner on when they were chatting during dinner. He reached over to turn the light on when the pain hit, he thought something must have crashed on him from the ceiling. But when the knife twisted in his back, he realized nothing had fallen. The pain was too excruciating to call out for help, and within seconds, he wanted nothing more than to lay down on the clean bed and go to sleep. He fell forward and face hitting the pillow, saw Ellen’s image walking toward him, smiling, saying, “Hi, Dad.”
Chapter 21
Boyd walked up the steps to Mary’s house and knocked. When no one answered, he knocked again. He looked in the living room window but it was dark; she was probably out for the evening, known for her forays to the dance clubs in Beauregard. Boyd and Mary dated very briefly many years ago, and there was still a little bit of chemistry between them. He was relieved she wasn’t home. He got back into the patrol car and headed out to Frank’s although he wanted to talk to Mary to confirm what Alan had said first. Concerned Mary tore up the McPherson’s garden; he would use the information to try to get at the truth about Frank and Ellen.
Repeating the same procedure he had the day before, he turned his car off letting it drift up to the house, just in case there was something to see. But he needn’t have bothered; the outside lights were ablaze and Frank was standing behind the garage with Ellen in front of him, a hand gun in her hands, his arms outstretched, guiding her hands as she aimed at a target. Boyd waited until the gun fired, evidently a bull’s-eye because of the screams of delight and laughter that followed. He put his flashers on just to warn them he was there. They looked up, and Frank took the gun from Ellen, who removed her earmuffs as they walked to meet him.
“Good shot!” he called.
“This girl’s a natural,” Frank replied. “Born to it.”
“What’s the occasion?” Boyd asked. It wasn’t unusual for father’s to teach their children how to shoot, but there was usually a preceding event and although Boyd knew what it was, he wanted to hear it from Frank.
“Just in case I’m not around and she needs to defend herself. Now’s the time to learn, not after it’s too late.”
“What’s she defendin’ herself from?” Boyd asked softly.
“Can I go inside?” Ellen asked, anxious.
“Of course,” Frank said, looking right in Boyd’s eyes, challenging him to say differently. “You don’t need to talk to her, do you?”
“No, not at all. Good night, Ellen,” Boyd said.
The men stood and waited until she was in the house. “I got some news tonight,” Boyd said. “I heard that someone, someone who will be unnamed for now, was out here at the cottage and saw you kissing Ellen the other night.” Frank started to protest, but Boyd put up his hand. “I’m not out here to accuse you again, Frank, although it might come to that later. What I’m thinkin’ was this person may have been the one who tore up your garden.”
“What’re you sayin? That someone was spyin’ on us? And then they picked every goddamned flower out of my yard? Now that makes no sense at all.”
“Why would someone think you would be kissin’ Ellen? Now this makes two people.” Frank wanted to protest; didn’t you just say you weren’t accusin’ me? But he was starting to get scared and decided quickly to be his own best witness.
“That night Ellen and me were practicing our dancin’. Come inside and I’ll show you the letter we got. She’ll tell you herself, we were slow dancin’, like we do all the time. Come inside now, Boyd, I’ll prove it to you.”
“It’s not necessary. I believe you. It just isn’t looking real good for you right about now, I’m sorry to say.”
Frank didn’t reply, looking up the house. He could see Ellen moving from window to window, probably worried sick. Why was everything in our life turning to shit so quickly?
Chapter 22
Saturday afternoon, two burly men wearing hazmat suits struggled getting a blood soaked mattress down the steps of the Towering Pines Boarding House front porch. On Friday night when Alan Johnson didn’t show up for summer nights wine tasting, Cate went up and tapped on his door, but he didn’t answer. The next morning, everyone came down for breakfast, and waited for Alan, debating whether to delay eating or not. His car was out in front so they knew he was still home.
“I think I’ll go up and invite him for breakfast,” Cate said. No one answered her, watching as she put her napkin down and left the room. She grasped the stair rail and started up the steep flight of stairs, not sure if what she was feeling was annoyance or dread.
Tapping on the door, she called out his name. “Mr. Johnson, Alan. We’re having breakfast. Would you like to join us?” She tapped a little louder, but there was no answer. Pulling out a key fob attached to a lanyard pinned to her jeans pocket, she pushed the key in the lock, but hesitated. There was a smell, and it made her pull back. Running down the steps, she grabbed the phone in the hallway and called the sheriff’s office,
“What’s going on?” Mr. Rosen asked, coming out into the hall. She put her finger up, mouthing one minute.
“This is Cate over at Towering Pines. I have a resident who isn’t answering his door and I’m concerned. There is a smell coming from the room.”
Dispatch replied they would send someone over as soon as they could. Cate hung up and went back into the dining room. Everyone was watching her as she poured a cup of coffee with shaking hands.
“Do you want me to go up and look in on him?” Miss Logan asked. “I saw a corpse once when I was in beauty school, right at the entrance of Buford Medical. He didn’t make it to the ER.” Cate grimaced, shaking her head.
“Stop with the gruesome talk, will you please? It’s probably nothing; I just don’t want to barge in.”
“What if he needs help and your modesty is keepin’ him from gettin’ it?” Miss Logan said.
“She’s got a point,” Mr. Rosen said.
“He could be in there choking to death and we’re out here makin’ small talk.”
“Would you mind going?” Cate asked Mr. Rosen.
“I can’t stand the sight of anyone suffering. Let Miss Logan go.” Against her better judgment, Cate unpinned the fob from her jeans pocket and handed the keys over to Miss Logan. She started up the steps and everyone followed, Emil Magda covering his face, fingers spread so he could see.
“I already smell death,” he said. “It’s the same at work.”
“Shut up Emil,” Miss Logan snapped. They reached the landing and Cate pointed to Alan’s door.
“Go for it.” Miss Logan put the key in the door and as she turned it, everyone involuntarily stepped back one-step.
“Oh! Is that blood?” she said, walking slowly toward the bed. Alan was face down on the quilt, fabric bunched up in both hands. His eyes were open, and weirdly, he was smiling. “Oh no, I think he’s dead.” She turned to see why no had responded and they were cowering out in the hall.
“Someone call the sheriff back, in stead of standing there like a dummy. We’ve got a corpse here.”
“Did you feel for a pulse?” Cate asked.
“The man’s been stabbed for heaven sake. Or shot. Right in the back. Your Aunt Petra’s quilt is a goner, by the way. You should have let me have it when I asked ten years ago.”
“Not the quilt,” Mr. Rosen said, snickering. Cate flashed him a dirty look and tiptoed in the room. Seeing Alan, obviously dead, she gasped.
“Oh no! Someone came in here and murdered the man? But when?” Miss Logan pushed her aside and ran out of the room.
“I’ll call the sheriff myself,” she said, pushing by the group. “Honest to god what a bunch of useless pieces of crap you three are.” Miss Logan ran down the stairs to the phone in the front hallway and dialed the operator, asking for the sheriff. Hand muffling the phone in case one of them called out something inane, they walked down the stairs huddled together.
“What if the murderer is still in the house?” Emil asked, voice shaking.
“What if it’s one of us?” Mr. Rosen asked. Cate pushed him away, disgusted.
“I’ll go clean up from breakfast,” Cate said.
“Not yet! I didn’t eat and I’m starving,” Miss Logan said. “Oh hell, I’ve got a booked morning, too.”
“Let someone else take your appointments,” Mr. Rosen said. “The sheriff will probably want you around to question, just in case.”
“In case of what?” Miss Logan snapped. “Don’t you have something to do?”
“I didn’t eat, either,” he answered.
“Me either,” Emil replied.
“Get away from me, all of you!” Finally, dispatch answered and Miss Logan told her what they’d found.
“Don’t let anyone touch anything,” dispatch said. Miss Logan rolled her eyeballs.
“Of course I won’t.” She ended the call and joined the others in the dining room. “I’ll lock up the room again so they can’t accuse us of tamperin’ with the scene, and then I’m eatin’ with the rest of ya.”
“Nothing has ever happened like it here,” Cate said, upset. “It won’t be good for business.”
“Well, since he’s the first new person come around in a while, I think you’ll be okay,” Miss Logan said, turning her head to roll her eyeballs again.

Margo Portland stepped out of the shower and heard talking coming from her bedroom. It would be Boyd on a call. He’d come over first thing that morning and they’d had a wonderful time in bed, the first in a long while. She knew he’d have to leave eventually, but hoped they’d be able to have breakfast together.
“Do you have to go?” she asked.
“I’m afraid so. You’ll never guess in a million years.”
“Oh no, don’t do that to me,” she said. “Tell me before I burst.”
“Alan Johnson was found dead in the upstairs guest room at Towering Pines.”
“No way!” Margo plopped down on the edge of the bed watching Boyd buckle his holster around his waist. “I was there when he came back to Cate’s last night.”
“Is that right? Sounds like a murder, but you didn’t hear it from me.”
“How is that possible? Was it Frank?” she asked, the words just popping out of her mouth. Margo felt sick. Please, not Frank.
“Oh God, I hope not,” Boyd said, frowning. “I never even thought of him. I thought a jerk comes into town and pisses someone off.”
“Right, Boyd. Frank McPherson.” But Boyd was shaking his head.
“No way. I can’t see Frank killing a squirrel, let alone a man. And this was a stabbing. It was personal. Did Johnson say anything about, well about anything last night?”
“Just that he was sure he was Ellen’s father and when he told Mary, she wasn’t happy about it.” Boyd put that tidbit into his knowledge bank.
“Look, are you going to be around later? We need to talk.”
“Not that,” she said, cowering. “Don’t ruin my weekend, if you don’t mind.”
“No, no, nothing like that. Just the opposite. I want to move out of the house and move in here.” He took her by the arms and looked into her eyes. “But I have to go right now, so just think about it.” 
Margo was stunned speechless, but walked him to the door and kissed him goodbye, not checking to see if they were being observed. It didn’t make any difference now, or soon wouldn’t. For a moment, guilt struggled to overtake her joy, but lost. If she couldn’t have Frank, Boyd would be just fine.

***

Mary lay in bed with an arm slung over her face. Hung over, miserable, the longed-for romantic relationship was not happening for her. The thought of going into the café made her ill, but she had to do it. June was the last friend she had, the only other woman in town who understood her, who was willing to stick her neck out for her, and June had the afternoon free. She had to go in and relieve her. Sitting up at the side of the bed, the room spun for a few seconds, just long enough to raise her gorge so that she threw up with such force it hit the wall. Mostly liquid but with a few mushy pretzel bits, acid burned her throat and crept into her nostrils. It was going to be a rough day.
Showering, she hummed a tune, a child’s old Bible tune to help her keep from thinking too much. Deep and wide, deep and wide, there’s a river running deep and wide. What had happened the evening before between her and Alan reverberated through her head unless she thought of that song, and it became a mantra to her, protecting her from anguish. Remembering her mother suddenly only intensified the torment and it would take more than a nursery rhyme to chase that vision away.
Valarie Cook, town drunk. A surprising laugh popped out of Mary’s mouth. Where’d laughter come from? Living with her mother in that same house was no laughing matter. It was a sign of the times; people didn’t interfere in others lives. Their neighbors, the mother’s of Mary’s few little friends, her school teachers looked the other way when it was clear a severe case of abuse and neglect was taking place right under their noses. Margo’s well-meaning parents took her to church every Sunday and the few Bible verses she memorized entitled her to her very own vinyl bound Bible. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. Closing her eyes, she let the water run down her face while she prayed the verse.
The atmosphere in the town now would never stand for it; the gossipers would make sure they protected the children, even second handedly, through gossip. She stepped out of the shower and dried off, dressed for work, avoiding looking in the mirror. The night had to have taken a toll on her face, another stranger, groping in the back of the bar, a promise of a call that would never come. Help me God. Batting away a stray tear, something had to happen soon to make life worth living.

***

Wearing an old apron of Margaret’s, Frank was at the stove flipping pancakes, the old radio tuned to the national news. Still in bed, the smell of vanilla woke Ellen up and she smiled at the thought of a special treat for a late Saturday morning brunch, just because. She was used to Margaret being gone, but the monthly trips to Hallowsbrook would be harder to forget. Now they could have breakfast together and laze around without having to go anywhere until six pm when they were due in Beauregard for the dance contest.
“Knock, knock,” Frank said, standing outside of her bedroom, looking in the crack of the open door.
“I’m awake,” she said, sitting up. “What do I smell?” 
Frank came through the door with a tray, holding her breakfast.
Bouncing up and down, Ellen started to laugh. “My breakfast? In bed? I feel like a princess.”
“Pancakes, strawberries, and tea.” He put the tray on the table where she did her homework during the school year but which lay fallow for the past week, and helped pull pillows into place behind her back. “Here you go. Today is gonna be a day of peace if I have to kill someone. We have to save our strength for tonight!”
“Don’t answer the door or the phone. Isn’t that what momma used to say? If they come unannounced they can be ignored.” Placing the tray across her knees, he left the room to get his coffee.
“Here’s what I’d like to do,” he said, coming back in and sitting on her desk chair while she ate. “I’ll get the grill out of the garage. Let’s drag those old chairs out, too and hose them down. And the picnic table; the benches need to be sanded.”
“I can sand,” Ellen said.
“Okay, sister, that’s your task. We can cook chicken on the grill and I’ll make potato salad,” Frank said. “That just feels like summer to me. If you want, we can get your old wading pool out, too and fill that thing up.”
“The rings have air leaks,” she replied laughing. “That thing is as old as I am.”
“I gotta tire repair kit around here somewhere. Sittin’ in four inches of water cold from the well on a hundred degree day just sounds refreshing.” They looked up when loud knocking at the front door disturbed their morning.
“Bother,” Frank grumbled, standing up.
“Don’t go,” Ellen said. “Remember we said we wouldn’t answer the door.” He walked to the window and pulled aside the curtain.
“It’s Boyd Dalton.”
“Again?” she said, annoyed. He left the room to answer, a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach hit him out of nowhere.
“This is beginning to feel like harassment,” he said, opening the door.
“I know,” the sheriff said. “Can I come in? I need to talk to both you.”
“Ellen’s still in bed having breakfast. Come on back.”
“But this is bad, Frank. You might want her to come out here, no bad associations in her bedroom.”
“What is it?” Frank scratched his head. Did the garage burn down? Margaret was gone, there wasn’t anything else they cared about that could be upsetting.
“Well, maybe it’s better if I tell you first. You can tell her when the time is right. Alan Johnson was murdered last night.” He watched Frank’s face, and the man truly looked shocked. Confused, and then shocked.
“How?” Nervous stumbling over his words, “Why? The man just came to town. What enemies could he have?” Sheriff Dalton looked intently at Frank, although his name hadn’t come up yet, the truth was Frank was probably the only person who had anything to lose by Alan’s presence.
“You don’t think I had anything to do with it now, do you?” he asked, shocked. “When did it happen? I’ve been here all mornin’.”
“Last night, after dinner,” the sheriff said. “Down in Beauregard.”
“Well there you go, no one’s safe on those streets, the town has risin’ crime,” Frank said, breathlessly. “Besides, you was here, remember? I ain’t been away from home since we got here after work yesterday.”
“He was staying at Towering Pines,” the sheriff replied, pointing over his shoulder, south. “It happened in his room. His body was discovered this morning.”
“Towering Pines? I thought he was stayin’ over with Mary. The women was talkin’ about it so loud at Miss Logan’s I could hear it over the compressor.” It was the sheriff’s turn to snicker.
“Anyway, I needed to tell you because of, well, the paternity thing. How you think it’s going to affect Ellen?”
“She’s gonna be upset, what else?” Frank said. “The girl just met the man, thinkin’ here’s a real family member. I hate to be the one have to tell her, truth be told.”
“Do you want me to say something?” Frank shook his head.
“Naw, that’s my job. But the other, you can’t think I had anything to do with it.”
“Don’t worry about it now,” the sheriff said. “Not yet. You might be asked to come into the station for questioning.” He stepped over to the door. “Sorry to upset your morning. What’s the occasion?”
“For what?” Frank asked, confused.
“Breakfast in bed,” the sheriff asked, turning to look at Frank again.
“Somethin’ special. We’re still gettin’ used to not going to Hallowsbrook Saturday morning. Today was our visitin’ day. And we got a dance contest tonight.”
“Oh, right,” the sheriff said, extending his hand. “I’m sorry Frank. I keep forgetting about your loss. Forgive me,” he said, nodding his head. Frank shut and locked the door after the sheriff and turned to go to Ellen’s room when he saw her standing in the hallway.
“Did you hear?” he asked, seeing the look of shock on her face.
“I don’t get it,” she answered. “Both my parents, dead within three months of each other. You’ll always be my dad, Frank, but this seems almost planned, don’t it?”
“Don’t get paranoid,” he said, putting his hand on the back of her head and pulling her to his chest. “It’s just an ungodly coincidence.”
“Does he suspect you’re involved in some way?”
“I hope to hell not, excuse my language, sister. I hope to hell not.”

However, the assistant district attorney, Faye Baker was chomping at the bit to get Sheriff Dalton to talk to Frank. “It’s time to bring him in for a chat at the very least, regarding these child abuse allegations. It’s been two days now and I don’t want to wait until Monday.”
“I’ll call him,” Frank said. “I’ve been out there daily and already once today. It’ll look like harassment if I go again. He’s already used the word.”
“Ha! I doubt the man knows what it means,” the attorney said.
“Don’t let Frank’s simple talk fool you, Faye. Still water runs deep over there at the garage.”
“Whatever, Boyd. Talk to him, please.” So after hanging up, he closed the door to his office and picked up the phone again, dialing Frank McPherson’s number yet again.
“Come on down to the station, Frank,” he said, friendly and unthreatening. “I just want to talk to you about the allegations.”
“When do you want me? I was spendin’ the day with my child, trying to make it special for her. You already ruined her breakfast.”
“I’m truly sorry, Frank, but I felt you needed to know about Alan.”
“I don’t feel safe leavin’ her here.”
“Drop her off at Margo’s, Frank. Margo would love the company and Ellen knows her.” He’d have to call Margo quickly to let her know he’d volunteered her to babysit a fifteen-year-old. There was silence over the line for a moment, but Frank finally spoke.
“Okay, I can do that. She might object, being fifteen and all, but I don’t feel right leavin’ her here alone.”
“I gotcha, Frank. I don’t know I would, either.” After they hung up, Frank went back to Ellen’s room where they were trying to finish breakfast. She frowned seeing the expression on his face.
“Who was that? I heard the phone ring,” she asked, concerned.
“It was the sheriff again. He asked me to come down and talk about the allegations.” He was embarrassed talking about it with her, insinuating their relationship was dirty tainted the goodness of it. “I’m going to drop you off at Margo Portland’s place.”
“Do I have to go?”
“I wish I could let you stay here at home, but after everything with the garden, its better this way. The station is just a few blocks away from Margo’s house and you know her.”
 She didn’t argue, but he could tell she wasn’t happy, it added to the news about Alan Johnson. Still not sure of the impact it was going to have on her, Frank was silent about the murder. There didn’t seem to be much left to say.
They drove into town, pulling up to Margo’s place. “This house looks like it’s made of gingerbread,” he said, walking up to the door with Ellen. It was a tiny Victorian cottage painted pale peach and the wooden curly-cues and ornamentation were turquoise and lavender. Ellen looked at the house as if seeing it for the first time.
“Why can’t I go with you?” she asked.
“It just wouldn’t be good, sittin’ there alone while I’m bein’ asked questions. And I don’t know how long I’ll be. You got yer book and all, you’ll be fine with Margo.” He knocked and Margo opened the door right away, smiling, sincerely happy to see them.
“Come in!” she stood aside so they could pass, but Frank stayed on the porch.
“Thank you for havin’ her,” he said. “I guess I can call you when I know what’s what.” 
He felt foolish having no answers, but he didn’t know what was in store for him.
“That’ll be fine. We’ll be staying here unless Ellen has something she’d like to do.” 
Margo smiled at her, but Ellen was upset and looked away. Frank said goodbye and Ellen went to hug him. Margo thought he seemed surprised, like they weren’t used to hugging, but he hugged Ellen back, then took her by the upper arms.
“Everything will be okay, I’m sure of it,” he said. “You take care now. Read your book and try to have some fun.” He’d never seen her look like this, fragile almost, near tears. Ellen was not a crier. He released her and walked to the truck while she watched, waving to her before he got in and drove off.
Ellen felt like a big hole had swallowed him up.
“Are you okay?” Margo asked gently. But Ellen was afraid to speak, so she shook her head. “Well come over here and sit down. You can read your book or watch TV. Here’s a bowl of candy. I can’t eat sugar, so help yourself, less temptation for me. I can make you a snack or some tea. Anything you want.” 
The room was a woman’s room, thoughtfully decorated with feminine touches, but one a man would be comfortable in. Margo pointed to an overstuffed couch covered in off white cotton canvas. There was a fat calico cat sleeping on the arm, and Ellen reached out to pet it.
“Why are they doin’ this to us?” Ellen said, finally speaking. “Frank did nothin’ wrong. He’s the best father to me.” 
Margo waited for Ellen to say something about Alan Johnson, but her mind seemed far from it, the focus all on Frank.
“It’s just to protect you, honey. The authorities need to follow up on accusations they hear.”
“But why would anyone accuse Frank of messin’ with me?” 
The cat stepped down from the arm of the couch and onto Ellen’s lap, rubbing its head against her chin, purring. The gentleness of the cat touched Ellen and she lost her control and started to cry. 
“He has never, ever made me feel uncomfortable. You know what he’s like with me better than anyone else does. He was so concerned to keep everything right between us he wouldn’t even talk to me about my body when I was growin’ up.” 
Margo remembered five years ago that Frank asked her to talk to Ellen about menstruation. It was during that time that fantasies of Ellen being her daughter and Frank being her husband began, ripening her for Boyd when he made his move and things with Frank seemed hopeless.
“Yes, he was so sweet calling to set up the appointment. I do remember Ellen. And if I’m asked in his defense, I will definitely bring it up. I’ve been seeing you since you were a toddler, I would have noticed if anything were amiss. But we’ll wait for someone to ask me. They haven’t formally accused him of anything yet. There’s no proof. You shouldn’t worry, okay?” She took a step of faith that Ellen would submit to a hug, so she scooted closer to her on the couch and put her arm around her. “You’ve had a tough year.”
Ellen didn’t respond, but she knew Margo was referring to her mother dying. It had to have affected her, but she was in denial about its impact. Seeing the garden ruined was more devastating then the day Margaret died. She’d never forget the sequence of events. They’d gone to see her the previous Saturday and she was fine, had taken the trouble to prepare for the visit by dressing, putting lipstick on and combing her hair, surprising Ellen who’d then allowed hope to sneak in since Margaret seemed so much better.
“Look how nice Mrs. McPherson looks today!” The nurses said, crowding around the door to her room. Margaret was warm and talkative, almost animated that day. It was the last time they would see her alive.
The following Wednesday, Mary visited Hallowsbrook, and reported to Frank that evening that Margaret had gotten worse. “Frank, you better prepare yourself that Margaret’s not comin’ home. You and the girl need to face reality so it’s not so hard when it finally happens.”
He took to heart what Mary said, and when he got home from the garage that evening, he repeated her words to Ellen “Mary was by the hospital today and said your momma didn’t look too good.”
“What does that mean, Frank? It doesn’t make any sense. She’s been doing so much better. Did Mary say she looked sick? Maybe we should call the hospital.” But Frank hadn’t thought to ask and sure enough, Margaret died that night. Frank felt awful and if Ellen blamed him for not making the call, she never said.
A memory as a transparent as a dragonfly wing fluttered through her mind, of her mother, dressed in a gingham blouse and a pair of denim capris, canvas shoes and her hair pulled back in a rubber band, standing in the bathroom putting bright red lipstick on.
“Whatcha doin’ momma?” Five-year-old Ellen asked.
“Why, I’m makin’ up my face so we can go to the garden for a bit to pull weeds.”
“But why are you puttin’ on lipstick for that?”
“Your daddy might come home for lunch and I don’t want him to catch me without my face on.” Those few words resonated every time she visited her mother in the hospital, especially those last months when Margaret started to recover.
Ellen was blossoming into womanhood at the same time Margaret came out of her fog. “Ellen, you’re growing up. You’re beautiful and it scares me. Frank, promise me you won’t let Mary near the girl. Promise me!”
“No worries, dear, none. Neither of us want her around, now do we?” Frank was appalled the conversation had taken place in front of Ellen.
“No momma, you don’t have to worry about it, okay? Ever.” While Margo held her, she thought of those unconnected things, of her mother’s concern for her wellbeing, and then that her birth father had lived with Mary for a few days. She shook her head.
“Alan lived with Mary, did you know that?” Ellen asked, looking carefully at Margo, ready to judge her response.
“He did,” she answered. “But just as a boarder.”
“I don’t think so,” Ellen replied confidently. “They were together together.” Margo sensed that Ellen was more aware of what was going on than she was giving her credit for.
“What makes you say that?” she asked, gently.
“Mary. The way she acted when she came into the garage, all sugary. She was trying to make my dad jealous. ‘I’ve got a date tonight. A guy from Texas goes by the name of Alan,’ she said. ‘He’s lookin’ for work, if you know of anything. And I’d sure like to keep him in Seymour.’ My dad jumped at the chance to get her off his back.” Margo turned her head to smirk; Mary Cook was a piece of work.
“Yes, well it does sound like they were dating.”
“After a few days? She’s disgusting.”
“It sounds like you have strong feelings about Mary,” Margo said.
“My mother never really liked her, yet Mary pretended they were best of friends. She warned me to stay away from Mary. There’s something super creepy about her.” 
The hair on Margo’s arms stood up when Ellen spoke. There was something creepy about her. Margo remembered when they were growing up, bringing Mary home with her after school so she could get a decent meal, Mary asking if she could spend the night on school nights so she could bathe.
“Our water’s shut off,” she’d say. “My ma won’t care if I stay here tonight or forever.” The truth was, Mary wanted to live with Margo’s family, but she was only tolerable in small doses, often opinionated and ungrateful. Margo’s mother and father opened the house to Mary, and she’d complain about the food she was served or stole Margo’s clothes. It was a no-win situation.
“She visited your mother every week, didn’t she?”
“Only because Margaret had no control over who saw her. She died after Mary’s last visit. That always bothered me, but I never said nothin’ to Frank. We saw her on Saturday and she was better, she’d made the effort to fix herself up for Frank and was talking to us. You know they were thinkin’ of releasing her. I know Frank had his hopes up, that maybe my mother was on the mend.
“A few days later, Mary visited and came back to tell my dad she looked real bad, like she wasn’t going to last long. That night she died. They said she could have done it herself. But I don’t believe it for a minute.” Ellen bowed her head again, crying, expressing grief long overdue. Margo, trembling, put her arm around Ellen again, patting her hair. No one knew exactly what had happened to Margaret out at Hallowsbrook.
“At her funeral, I heard Mary whispering to Frank, beggin’ him to give her a chance now that my momma was dead. She used that word; dead. Not gone, not passed away. Dead. We never even used it once. I saw Frank go pale when she as talkin’ to him. Of course, he never says nothin’ bad about anyone unless it’s in a teasin’ way. But Mary sets his teeth on edge. He never came out and said it, but I know him.” Margo didn’t know how to respond except to try to get her to continue to talk.
“You don’t believe your mother died of natural causes.”
“No mam, I do not. Not anymore.”
“What do you think happened?” Her heart pounding, Margo didn’t want to plant ideas.
Ellen sat up straight and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. “I think Mary killed her.”
“Why do you think Mary did it?” Margo asked, chills traveling up and down her arms.
“She’s always after my dad like I said, even at the funeral.” Ellen had never called Frank her dad to Margo before. “He was embarrassed by it and tried to hide it from me. But I could see it, especially at the graduation dance last month.” Margo remembered Mary’s behavior that day. “She kept trying to break in, but Frank wouldn’t allow it and it made her angry.”
“But wasn’t your mother gone already?”
“Yes mam, but just since end of March. And she was flirtin’ with him in public at the dance. He almost caused a scene. Mary wanted my dad to herself. And he wasn’t cooperating.” 
Not knowing what to say, Mary was pushy and inappropriate in the best of times, but that hardly made her a murderer. Deciding to downplay what Ellen thought, she’d let Frank know and she’d legally have to tell Boyd. It wouldn’t look right otherwise. She knew Mary didn’t kill Margaret.

***

Boyd Dalton was waiting for Frank’s questioning to begin, standing on the other side of the two-way glass. He looked at his watch as one of the detectives, Dave Madden came in. “What’s the hold up?”
“Faye. She was supposed to be here an hour ago.”
“She told me to bring him in right away, for Christ’s sake.” Seething, Boyd watched Frank sit with his legs crossed, tapping on the desk. He’d known Frank since kindergarten; the man was innocent of everything they’d accused him of, but it was his job to make sure the girl was safe. It was a contradiction. High-heeled footsteps in the hall signaled the arrival of Faye Baker.
“Why are you in here?” Faye asked, annoyed, looking at Frank alone in the interrogation room. “Dave, are you questioning the man or not?”
“I’ve been here for an hour waiting to do it, Faye.” She gave him a dirty look as he walked into the room where Frank was waiting. They listened for fifteen minutes as he questioned him about what the gossipers saw. Then, surprising the sheriff, Dave asked Frank about Alan Johnson. It was the same line of questioning they would ask every suspect; where were you, do you have anyone who can confirm it, what was your relationship to the deceased?
Dave shook Frank’s hand and said he’d be back in a moment, returning to the two-way mirror room. “Unless you have anything else to ask him, I think we’re done with this guy,” he said. “It’s a damn shame someone from the community is as beleaguered by gossip as this man has been.”
Faye shrugged her shoulders. “Do we have his prints on file? We should be hearing any second from CSI.”
“Frank was in the Navy, so I’m sure his prints are in the system,” Boyd replied sarcastically.
“Tell him to go home,” Faye said.

Frank pulled in front of Margo’s house, surprised when Ellen came bounding down the steps, calling his name. “Frank! You’re back!” Getting out of the truck, she ran into the street to meet him, and jumped into his arms. He hugged her, holding her feet off the ground, smiling at Margo.
“What’s this all about? I was only gone two hours.”
“Two hours too long,” she said, near tears. “Let me get my stuff.” She smiled at Margo as she went back into the house for her book and bag.
“Frank I need to tell you something quickly before Ellen comes back out. She said she believes Mary killed Margaret.”
Frank yelled, “What?” But Margo put her fingers to her lips.
“Shush, please. I don’t want her to think I betrayed her confidence. I just think you should know.” Frank was about to say something when Ellen came back out.
“Let’s go home Frank. Thank you very much, Miss Portland. It was nice havin’ someone to talk to.” She smiled and got into the passenger side of the truck.
Margo watched them drive off together, inexplicably saddened. So much pain in the world. She wondered how long it would take Frank to realize he was a free man, in every sense of the word.
Chapter 23
Investigators found a bloody knife in one of the trashcans behind the bus stop at the end of the street Towering Pines was on. Forensics thought it was the weapon used to stab and murder Alan Johnson and would know for sure when his blood was found on it. Fingerprints in Alan’s room and on the knife handle didn’t match and weren’t in the system.
After Frank’s questioning was over, Boyd Dalton went to the lab with Detective Madden to look at the knife. “Check this out,” Dave said. “There’s a very tiny engraving here at the side of the knife.” It was an expensive restaurant knife, a carving knife; not a hunting knife anyone could acquire easily from a hunting store.
“I’m over forty,” Boyd replied squinting at the blade. “You want me to see something that small get a magnifying glass.” Dave rummaged through the drawers until he found a glass with a handle. They angled the glass until the inscription was clear.
“Baker Forge, Professional Restaurant # 9490.” He got on the phone to talk to the investigative team who had already discovered the knife inscription.
“The forge is located in New York,” he said after hanging up. “They’re waiting for a call back.”
The case file open in front of Boyd, they slowly leafed through the paper. No one had talked to Mary Cook yet. “He was at Mary’s house before returning to Towering Pines,” Dave said. “At least that’s what it says here.”
“Margo was there last night having dinner when he walked in. Mary wasn’t too happy about him being Ellen’s father, according to Johnson.”
“How’s everything going with Margo?” Dave said changing the subject, concern for his friend.
“Good. I’m leaving Carol, moving in to Margo’s cottage, so I guess I’ll be going to hell.”
“You prepared for some other guy to come along and snatch up your ex? It’ll happen, and it’ll hurt,” Dave replied, frowning. “I’ve been there.”
“I hope it does. I want her to be happy,” Boyd said confidently. “And the sooner she replaces me the better for her.”
“Oh, don’t count on it buddy. You might regret it big time. Think about some greasy shmuck being with your children. Trust me, it’s all well and good to think Carol will be off your back, but what if the guy she picks doesn’t like your kids?”
“Jesus, will you give it a rest? I haven’t even moved out yet.”
“Okay, but take your time making any decisions.” Boyd didn’t reply, sorry he’d answered in the first place. Every man’s experience was different, wasn’t it?
“I’m going over to Mary’s place,” he said, picking up his hat. As he drove through town, he imagined what it would be like when he moved into Margo’s cottage, Carol driving over to Family-Owned and slowing down as she passed the house, or if what Dave said came to pass, seeing her with another man. A light shiver went through his body at the image of her kissing someone else.
Bombarded with thoughts of Carol and Margo, murder and child abuse, he arrived at Mary’s and started to pull into the driveway when her neighbor, Peter came dashing out, waving his arms and pointing to the concrete.
“Don’t drive up here!” he yelled. Boyd put on his brakes and rolled down the window.
“What’s going on Peter,” he said, annoyed. “I was already up this driveway today.”
“Your girlfriend had a temper tantrum last night after her beau left in a huff. As you can see, she smashed a mug to smithereens. It wasn’t a pretty sight.” 
Boyd got out of the car and looked down at the pavement, a thin layer of glistening substance covering an area of the concrete.
“Okay, thank you for warning me.”
“My pleasure, don’t want an officer of the law gettin’ a flat tire. She was madder than hell. Run outta here half hour latter, crying and mumbling to herself.”
“Did she come back? I was here earlier and there was no answer.”
“She left for work with her uniform on about an hour ago.” Boyd tipped his hat in Peter’s direction.
“By the way, she’s not my girlfriend. I’m here on business, not that it’s any of your business,” Boyd said.
“You were a fine pair, back in the day,” Peter said. “She’d never give me the time of day.”
“Maybe if you took a bath once in a while you’d have more luck with the ladies,” Boyd answered.” But Peter just laughed.
“Take me as I am, that’s my motto.” Getting into the car, Boyd waved, thinking that Peter might have just provided some information they didn’t expect. He steered the patrol car toward Main Street and the café, fluttering in the pit of his stomach. It wasn’t unusual for officers to come in for lunch so she wouldn’t suspect he was there for her. Not right away, anyway.
A parking spot open in front of the beauty salon, Miss Logan saw him pull up, fueling her dialogue about the morning at Towering Pines, in spite of being asked not to talk about it. “Look, there he goes now. I bet you a hundred bucks he’s goin’ to talk to Miss Mary Quite Contrary about her late boyfriend.”
Boyd removed his hat as he walked into the café and heads turned, looking on in admiration as they always did when he entered a room. Mary was standing at a table full of women with her order pad poised in the air, and he swore her face turned white when she saw him as he pulled a chair out to sit down. The women looked at him, church ladies from the area frowning, and he immediately thought they were thinking of Margo and him, having an affair.
Get your head together, Dalton, he thought. Focus. Alan Johnson. Watching Mary walk to the kitchen to place the order on the raised counter window, she lingered there for a moment longer than she really needed to. Turning, she picked up a menu and walked stiltedly to him, he could see she was hesitating, that she was frightened.
“Afternoon, sheriff,” she said, handing him the menu.
“How’s it going?” he asked, watching her. “Any specials?”
“Meatloaf or lake perch. Your choice of sides, same as always.”
“What time you get off today, Mary? I was by the house earlier, but you didn’t answer. We need to talk.”
“I get off at three, same as always,” she repeated. “You want to look at the menu a while longer or do you know what you’ll have?”
“Patience, patience.” He looked around the dining room and it was emptying out. Saturdays in the summer, people went to the beach and had picnics on the riverbanks, not diner food in town. “What’d you do last night?”
“Seriously? You’re gonna ask me that? What’s wrong? Margo give you the ax?” He wanted to say how’d you know about Margo, but it was obvious. Town gossip.
Instead, he laughed out loud. “I wasn’t asking because I wanted a date, Mary. I’m asking because your boyfriend was found with a knife wound in his back, dead. You know anything about that?” He knew the timing was terrible here at her place of employment, but he wanted to see her response and it was about what he hoped it would be.
“You’re lying,” she said, color draining from her face again, her hands gripping the pen and pad.
“I am not, Mary. Flip the radio on. It’s all over the dial.”
“Your timing sucks,” she replied. “I got orders to give out. If you aren’t going to order something get out.”
“Ha! What’re you gonna do? Call the cops?” She sneered at him and he laughed again, opening the menu.
Mary couldn’t believe someone had murdered Alan. It was almost as though the last week had never happened, that he’d never come into the café, or moved into her house, or made love to her. Feeling as if she could throw up again, Mary passed out plates of food to the table of women, the smell of cabbage and fried onions wafting up to her nose, nauseating. When everyone had their food, she went back to get Boyd’s order, wishing she could slap his smug face.
“Isn’t there a law against harassing a citizen at their place of business?”
“I’ll take the steak and fries,” he said. “Coffee, if it’s fresh.”
“I should piss in your cup,” Mary replied.
“Peter tells me you had a little temper fit after lover boy left your place last night.” He ignored her gasp. “Rumor has it you weren’t too happy about his news. Not that it’s been confirmed yet. Don’t want that gettin’ around if it’s not true.”
“What news are you referring to?”
“That Mr. Johnson is, was Ellen Fisher’s real father,” Boyd said, smiling. “Rumor has it that you were so upset, you smashed his mug in your driveway last night after he left your place.”
“Your sources don’t know what they’re talking about,” she answered smugly. “Prove it, Dalton.”
“You don’t seem very upset about his demise.”
“Give me a moment or two to think about it, jerk. Now I’m putting your order in and if you don’t leave me alone, I’m calling the station.”
“Why not come down after work, instead,” he replied. “Give us a chance to talk to you in front of a video camera.”
“Why? Since when is it against the law to break up china in your own driveway?”
“Oh! Is that what you were doing? Peter tells a different story.”
“You goin’ around questioning my neighbors for no good reason is another form of harassment,” Mary said, disgusted. 
She walked away to put his order in and lingered behind the lunch counter for a while. Boyd was reading the paper, the morning edition left behind by an earlier patron. But he watched her over the paper’s edge from time to time, wondering. She was attractive, smart, funny. Why couldn’t she keep a man interested in her? He thought of his own relationship with her before he married Carol, how for a few short weeks he’d enjoyed being with her until her craziness made it unbearable.
“Here’s your steak,” she said, putting down a platter of food in front of him, with a steak knife poised over the edge. She walked away before he could respond, but he was fixated on the knife. It was a smaller version of the knife covered in Alan Johnson’s blood. The bloody juices seeping out of the meat and the thought of the knife at the station, while it had been wiped clean by the time he saw it, made him queasy. He picked it up with a paper napkin and though he could barely see the engraving, since he’d already seen it once that day, the letters spelling Baker Forge jumped out at him. Heart thumping, appetite gone, he waved Mary over.
“Can I have a takeout box? Our chat used up all my lunch time.” She didn’t reply, but retrieved a cardboard container for his food and went back to the counter without engaging him again. He left a twenty dollar bill on the table, a fifty percent tip for miserable service, but he had it coming.
“See you later,” he said, waving, and left the café, anxious to return to the station with his latest find, a four-inch steak knife carefully wrapped in a paper napkin in the box his leftovers came in.
Chapter 24
Frank and Ellen spent the rest of the day in the yard as they’d planned after the detour to the sheriff’s office. Chicken ready for the grill, they made potato salad and chucked corn and were slicing strawberries to top ice cream sundaes. More flats of petunias sat in the shade, waiting for planting. They’d weed and primp the garden, a favorite summer pastime.
“Who’s that, sister?” Frank said, looking up at the road, shading his eyes with his hand. A human being walked toward the house, but its sex was unclear. “I need glasses.”
“It’s Mary!” Ellen replied, disgusted. “Why is she comin’ here?”
“Bother,” Frank mumbled. “Hide them berries. She’s the last one I want to have to invite for a meal.” Ellen picked up the tray of food and took it around to the back of the house into the kitchen. What did Mary want?
As she got closer, Frank could see she was in distress. They busied themselves resuming the sanding of the picnic table while they waited for her approach.
“Hi, thought I’d drop by,” she called when she reached the driveway. She took a rumpled tissue out of her pocket and blew her nose. When they didn’t respond, she stopped walking and called out, “Mind if I come up?”
“No,” Frank said. “As you like.” Caught off guard by his attitude, Mary hesitated. Frank was always polite, even when the most aggravated with her.
“Did I catch you at a bad time?”
Frank stood up. “What can I do for you, Mary?”
“I got bad news today, that’s all. I came by to give my condolences to Ellen about her real father.” Ellen looked up when she heard the word real.
“No disrespect, Miss Cook, but Frank here is my real father. My only father. Please remember that when you come around his house.”
“You got a smart mouth on you for a girl,” Mary snapped. “Frank, I’d think you’d want her to be more mindful of speakin’ to adults.”
“Mary, why’d you come out here?” Frank asked, exasperated. “We done nothin’ to you. Your opinion about my child ain’t welcome, neither.”
She came closer, and then sat down with a plunk on the picnic table bench and started to cry. “I never did anything to you, yet you’re so mean to me! I was there for Margaret from the time she got here. Her and you, Ellen. Took you both in and gave you what I had. I never asked for nothin’ in return.”
“Yet you talked trash about Frank to anyone who would listen,” Ellen snapped. “Shame on you. It’s disgusting.”
“What did I say?” she said. “That I saw you two through the living room window, in a lover’s embrace.”
“That’s a lie!” Ellen shouted, Frank going to her and patting her.
“Quiet up, sister, no point in gettin’ yourself in a tizzy about it.” To Mary, he said, “When in God’s name did you ever see us doing that? Maybe in a dream, or a nightmare.”
“Just this week! I was walkin’ by the river and I looked up and there it was, as plain as day.”
“Monday night, someone tore up our garden,” Ellen said softly. “Was that you? Mary Cook, my mother’s best friend. Was that you who destroyed her peonies? The roses? Not a petal left behind?”
Mary’s face belied her next words as the flush came up her neck. “It wasn’t me. It was a coincidence. I was here on the river’s edge and I saw you and snuck up by the garage. That’s when I saw the two of you, holding each other, rocking, kissing. It was disgusting.”
Frank chortled loudly, slapping his hands on his knees. “Mary, we was dancin’! What you saw was us slow dancin’, like we always do. You better get home. I don’t think you’re in your right mind, lady. Get on home before I call the sheriff and tell him you was the vandal who ruined our garden.”
The three of them waited, his words sinking in. Mary, family friend albeit annoying as could be, had so much venom for them that she could do that to a beautiful garden. “How did it get to this? All I wanted was to be your wife, Frank. Be Ellen’s mother.”
“You can’t force such things, Mary. We would have been together before Margaret ever came to town if it was meant to be.”
Ellen had left so quietly they hadn’t noticed. She was inside on the phone, calling the sheriff, telling the dispatcher Mary Cook had just admitted she was at their house the night the garden was ruined.

Sitting at his desk, Boyd had a new file in front of him. In it was the coroner’s report from the autopsy of Margaret Fisher McPherson, nurse’s notes from Hallowsbrook and a narrative from questioning Miss Margo Portland regarding the conversation she had with Ellen Fisher, daughter of the decedent.
The intercom buzzed. “Sheriff, call on line two.” Boyd picked up the phone.
“It’s Faye, Boyd. Prints on the trash can knife match the prints on the café knife.” Sitting back in his chair, Boyd couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“What about the prints from the room?”
“They’re unknown.” He could hear her snickering. “Come by my office in about fifteen minutes; you and Madden go pick Mary Cook up for questioning.” He put the phone down and the intercom buzzed again.
“Sorry, sheriff, line two.”
“Who is it?” he asked, growling.
“Ellen Fisher.” Boyd quickly picked up the phone.
“Ellen, you okay?”
“Miss Cook is here, sheriff. She’s actin’ strange, crying about the man who says he’s my father.” Boyd stood up and started to gather up his belongings.
“Oh boy, I’m sorry she’s bothering you.”
“That’s okay, but she told Frank she was out at the house on Monday and made her silly remark about seein’ us kissin’. Monday night was the night the garden got wrecked. She denied it, but I’m pretty sure it was her.”
“And she’s still there?”
“I think so. I left Frank and snuck inside to call you.”
“You did the right thing, Ellen. I’m on my way now.” They said goodbye and hung up. Ellen went to the sink and turned the water on, letting it run for a moment. She filled a glass part way and drank from it, looking out the window. She could still hear the droning of Frank and Mary’s voices, rising up and then down to a whisper as they argued. Praying silently Sheriff Dalton would hurry and get there, she felt guilty about leaving Frank with Mary. She put her ear to the door.
“I don’t believe you,” Frank was saying, disgust in his voice reverberating. “You’re sick, Mary Cook.”
“It’s true Frank; I wouldn’t lie about something like that. I loved her and she loved me back. We were together before she married you.” Ellen’s heart was beating so hard, she felt faint. Straining to hear Frank’s response, it took her a few seconds to figure out he wasn’t talking, that he was just as shocked.
“We went on a date the second day she was here, Mary,” he said, finally. “If what you’re saying is true, you got on her that first day.”
“It wasn’t like that!” she screamed. “I didn’t get on her. It was mutual.”
“This is low even for you,” Frank said softly, looking around to see if Ellen was nearby, not wanting her to hear Mary.
“Believe me, Frank, it’s true. Ask the nurses at Hallowsbrook. They knew we wanted to be alone.” Ellen thought back to the few times they’d arrived on Saturday when Mary had already been there, how jealous she’d be finding Mary in Margaret’s room, her smug smile before she left. Afterward, Margaret ignored her family. What if what Mary was claiming was true?
“I loved her as much as you did. She was my best friend! I love Ellen, too. I promised Margaret I’d be there for her daughter. And I would have been, if you’d both only give me a chance. Please Frank, give me a chance. I promise I’ll do whatever it takes to please you.”
Ellen opened the door. “You’re a liar. My mother couldn’t stand the sight of you.”
“Sister, don’t do it, don’t lower yourself.”
“Its okay, Frank. She needs to know,” she said, directing the next words at Mary. “My mother once said you had cooties. She begged Frank to keep me away from you and he has.” Frank took her arm and pulled her over to him.
“That’s enough now. Don’t lower yourself.” The sound of a car on gravel made them look over to the road, to the sheriff’s car turning into the driveway. Frank looked down at Ellen with his eyebrows raised and she nodded her head. Boyd got out of the car, pointing to the house. Frank took Ellen’s arm again, whispering to her. They went back inside, closing the heavy door after them.
“He must be confrontin’ her about the garden,” Frank said. They went to the window and peeked out the side of the drapery. It happened so fast, they’d later say that it was almost like slow motion, confusing them both.
“What the heck?” Frank shouted. “She punched him in the gut!” Throwing the front door open, they ran to Boyd who was lying on the ground moaning, holding his stomach. Mary was already at the road, running toward town.
Trying to catch his breath, Boyd was unable to talk at first. “Jesus,” he croaked. “She’s got a hell of a left hook.”
“As much as I’m sure you’d like to forget that ever happened, she just assaulted a police officer,” Frank said.
“What are you saying?” Boyd asked, as they helped him get to his feet.
“You need to report this. Sister, go inside and call the sheriff’s office again.”
“No, no, I’ll chase after her. I need to pick her up before she disappears. I came to take her in for questioning.” He didn’t elaborate and they didn’t ask what he was going to question her about when he got into the cruiser, groaning, and left without saying goodbye. Frank put his arm around Ellen’s shoulder and they watched as he turned onto the road, dust trailing behind him, as the car sped up.
“He’s probably embarrassed,” Ellen said, worried. “I thought she might have stabbed him in the belly.”
“Like Alan was stabbed?”
“Yes, just like that. Do you think she did it, Frank?” Rubbing his chin, Frank thought about it for a moment.
“I’ve said it before, Mary is trouble, but I don’t think she’s a murderer.” But Ellen’s thoughts had shifted from Mary the murderer, to Mary the seducer.
“I heard what she said about momma. She implied they were lovers, didn’t she Frank?”
“If they were, Margaret was coerced,” Frank said, stony. He remembered the early days of their relationship, how eager Margaret was to get out of Mary’s house when he would come to pick her up for a date, willing to risk town gossip to stay with him out at the cottage before they were married, never allowing Mary to baby sit with Ellen, even for a moment.
“No, I believe she’s lying. Your momma never kept any information about her past secret. She was honest with me.” She’d said it nearly the first date; she’d had a child out of wedlock, what was there to hide?
“Then what was it? Why would she say such a thing?”
“I don’t know, sister. But I do know you shouldn’t be worryin’ about it.” Not wanting to upset Ellen further, Frank’s brain was exploding with ideas of what might have happened to his wife, who might want her dead and why, but he’d keep those things from Ellen.
Mary may have taken advantage of Margaret, but she might have done much worse. He wanted to take a ride up to Beauregard and visit the hospital. Mary made the accusation herself; the nurses left them alone so they could be together. She was there on the day Margaret died. It was too much for him. Margaret was dead, and it didn’t make much difference who or what took her life. The finality of her death hit him just then.
“Boy, I’m sorry about everythin’. Sorry you had to lose your mother; sorry you had to hear what Mary had to say. We should be gettin’ on with life, not moving backward.”
“I’m ready to move on,” Ellen said.
They walked back to the house. “Let’s have our picnic, okay? We got the day off, although it seems like some people want to ruin it for us. Let’s not let ‘em.”
“Okay, Frank.” But Ellen’s teenage mind was processing Mary’s words, trying not to visualize her mother in the arms of another woman.
Chapter 25
While Margo waited for Boyd to contact her, she stayed busy preparing for the next workweek. She’d navigate between the office in Seymour and the clinic at Hallowsbrook where patient physicals and updating charts would keep her mind busy. It was the most favorite part of her job; taking care of patients with mental health issues was challenging but rewarding.
Margaret McPherson’s death still haunted her. Margaret petitioned the hospital board to have her involuntary commitment reversed; all the paperwork filed was in her favor. But privately, Margo wasn’t sure it was in the family’s best interest for Margaret’s release and documented the facts in her report. The week of Margaret’s death, the judge ruled in Margaret’s favor, after her next doctor visit the following week, she’d be released to go home. Margo saw her the morning she died. 
“I’m going home!” Margaret had told Margo, her nurse and her friend, so excited, pacing in her room at Hallowbrook, wringing her hands in anticipation. 
Memories disturbed, Margo heard the telephone in the kitchen ringing and ran to answer. 
“Hello?” she said, out of breath.
“I’m headed your way in a while,” Boyd said.
“Is that right?” she answered, smiling. “Well come on over.”
“I need to make one stop,” he said. Margo knew what it was; he was going to say goodbye to Carol.
“Okay, well I’ll see you later. Love you,” she said before hanging up, but he was already gone.
Busily ironing the last few items, putting the board away before he arrived, she glanced at her reflection in the mirror. She was always ready for Boyd, just in case he could find time for her. Being involved with a married man forced her to rethink the way she lived, to make room for him in her life in ways she’d never thought she’d succumb. Spur of the moment requests, cancelations, outright standups were all part of the package. Putting up with it meant relinquishing that part of herself that hoped for a marriage and a family. Maybe now, if he was going to leave Carol, she’d have that chance for a real life with him. She’d been alone for so long with no eligible men in town except Frank. Frank, just thinking about him increased her heart rate. But he was hopeless. Even with his wife dead, he still wasn’t free.

***

Dave found Mary Cook before she made it home. Just as her foot came out between two trees; she’d run through the woods from Frank’s house, the officers were waiting to catch her. Boyd had called them after he left Frank’s, admitting she’d punched him in the gut. They didn’t think it was funny and he was grateful for it. Now he had to excuse himself from questioning her because charges would most likely be leveled against her for the assault.
“We’re you been, Mary?” Dave asked.
“Don’t you two have anything better to do?” She asked, exasperated seeing them waiting for her.
“We hear you’ve done the unthinkable. Assaulting an officer of the law is no laughing matter. It’s an automatic sentence of thirty days for a physical assault.”
“Poor Boyd, got soft in the middle,” she whined.
“So you admit it?” Dave asked, getting out of the car. “Put your hands behind your back, Mary Cook. You have the right to remain silent…” he read her rights and while Henry opened the back door, putting hand cuffs on her. She complained the entire time.
“I usually wear these after someone’s paid for my dinner. I have a business to run, and the weekend is my busiest time. You’ll be responsible for loss of income.”
“Oh, is that right,” Dave said. “Story is, your last boarder was murdered after you threw him out of your house.”
“Who said I threw him out?” she asked, sarcastically.
“When’s the last time you were at Miss Logan’s? Anyway, get in the car will you please? I don’t want to use force.”
“Has that bitch been talking about me again? Honestly, she’s the biggest liar.” Mary tried to get in the car with her hands bound behind her back but fell backward into the car. Dave picked up her legs and helped her get in.
“Actually, story is Johnson himself told everyone over at Towering Pines what had happened.” That revelation shut her up, and they made the rest of the ride to the station in silence.

***

After Boyd filled out the necessary paperwork and the physician at the clinic examined him, a large red welt on his abdomen obvious where Mary had punched him, and after he called Margo, he went home to say goodbye to Carol. Pulling into the driveway of his modest house, he noticed the peeling paint, a gutter swinging in the breeze, duct tape holding a screen in place. His neglect of the exterior screamed divorced mother. But they were still married. Guilt flooded his thoughts. He made a mental note to call a handyman and someone to cut the grass. But the inside of the house was neat and tidy, thanks to Carol. She liked order, and the house reflected it. He smelled basil and tomato, beef and garlic. She was fixing his favorite; Italian food. She always tried to please him, cooking the food he liked, trying to make the house an oasis for him.
Their boys ran to him and hugged his legs, screaming, “Daddy, you’re home!” 
He put his hat down and pulled them both up to his chest by their arms, hugging them, kissing their necks. He thought of Frank, taking care of Ellen, loving her, devoted. Frank would kill himself before he abandoned Ellen. These boys were depending on him to set an example, and he was preparing to leave their mother, and ostensibly, the children as well.
“Let’s go see mommy, okay?” 
They were still as could be, resting their heads on his shoulders. He walked through the dining room, noticing the table set for dinner as usual, the piles of neatly folded laundry on the buffet, waiting for her to take up stairs to the bedrooms. She was lifting a pot of boiling water with spaghetti, taking it to the sink to pour into the colander when she slipped, gasping and dropped it, splashing boiling water down the front of her legs and onto her feet.
“Mommy!” the boys screamed. Boyd put them down in the dining room, saying firmly to stay put and ran to her, picking her up and running to the bathroom with her cradled in his arms.
“You’re home,” she said, tears running down her cheeks, in shock and in pain as the burn was just beginning to take hold. He put her in the shower and turned cold water on her.
“Stay here, I’m calling for an ambulance.” He ran back out to the hallway and called dispatch, telling them what happened. The operator said a unit was on the way.
Carol was sitting on the floor of the shower when he got back, leaning against the tiles, letting the freezing water run over her body. “Where are the girls?” he asked, their two daughters, old enough to watch the boys.
“Next door,” she said, her eyes closed. Boyd went back out to the dining room, his sons frozen with fear.
“Mommy will be okay,” he told them. “Go next door and get Marisa and Gayle and tell them to come home right away. Tell Mrs. Anderson mommy is going in the ambulance.” 
The boys left the house together, and he watched them running to the neighbor’s house. He went back to the bathroom to wait with Carol, wrapping her upper body in a towel, letting the water splash on him so that he was soon wet, too.
“I feel like a dope,” she said, softly. “Thank you for coming home.”
“Of course, I’m home,” he replied, kissing the top of her head.
“I don’t know why, but I had the strongest feeling you weren’t coming home tonight, like you were going to leave me.”
“I’m not leaving, Carol,” he said.
“I love you, Boyd,” she said, looking up at him, water running down her face. The siren in the distance got louder. The screams of the girls entering the house blended with the siren, each holding onto a brother, echoing into the bathroom, their neighbor running along with them, frightened for what she might find.
“I love you, too,” Boyd said, meaning it. “I love you, too.”

Delicious grilled chicken with barbeque sauce, potato salad, coleslaw, biscuits, corn on the cob, tomato salad, watermelon, and strawberry sundaes rounded out the picnic meal Ellen and Frank treated themselves.
“Oh, I am about ready to burst,” she said, leaning back as far as she could without falling off the picnic table. “That was really good.”
“I’m full, but I’m not getting up just yet, just in case I burp and make a little room for some more of that potato salad. Sister, you outdid yourself.” Ellen burst into laughter.
“Frank, you made that dish. All I did was peel potatoes and cut up celery.” Then she burped with her mouth closed, very lady-like.
“Excuse me! I believe I can eat a little more now,” she said, still laughing. She stretched her legs over the bench to get up. “You want a cup of coffee?”
“Okay, sounds good,” he said. He watched her walk around to the back of the house, could hear the sound of running water through the kitchen window. Completely satisfied, he shook his head. Here, he had so much at stake; if the law pressed charges against him, he could go to jail, and worse, he could lose Ellen. Monday was coming and he was expecting to learn something. He wondered what was happening with Mary, if they’d found her.
Ellen brought two cups of coffee out to the picnic table. “We need to practice a little bit before tonight,” she said.
“Thank you for reminding me. Between sheriff visits, interrogation and Mary, I forgot all about it.” He stood up and put his arms out, humming a tune. Slowly at first, they two-stepped away from the picnic table to a large, flat space in the yard, waltzing and the lindy hop, fox trot and samba. After ten minutes, they were both sweating and laughing out loud.
“The moral to this story is not to eat like a pig before dancing,” Frank said releasing her.
“We better clean up this mess and get ready to go. I’m getting nervous!” Ellen started stacking plates and covering dishes with foil, carrying what she could into the kitchen with Frank following.
“It will be good,” Frank replied. “You’ll do fine and make me look like I know what I’m doin’.”

***

Mary was sitting in the same chair Frank had sat in that morning, but instead of calmly tapping a foot, she was squirming in the chair, alternately crying and laughing, miserable. Dave and Faye watched her through the window as seasoned investigator Henry Cort entered the room to speak with her.
“Do you know why you were brought in to the station?” Henry asked.
“I have no idea, but harassment has somethin’ to do with it. I was minding my own business when you picked me up for no reason.”
“What were you doing last Monday night?” Mary screwed up her face and put her finger on her forehead, mockingly.
“You expect me to remember last Monday?” she asked sarcastically. “I can’t remember what happened yesterday.”
“Didn’t you just tell Frank McPherson you were out at his place? Spying on him and his kid through the living room window?” Henry picked up a piece of paper and began to read it out loud. “‘I was walking by the river when I saw you two.’”
“I never said such a thing. Those two are insane. It runs in the family.”
“What do you know about the family’s mental health?”
“Why Frank’s wife is, was insane. Committed for life up at Hallowsbrook.”
“Why do you say was?” Henry asked. “Did she have a healing?” Dave nudged Faye.
“Now it’s getting interesting.”
“Ha! No, she didn’t have any healing. She killed herself. I was there to visit her and she did it herself. She was acting all goofy and out of it. Kept falling asleep. It was horrible.”
“No one knew that,” Faye said, excited. “It wasn’t made public at the request of the family.” Everyone knew what the death certificate said because someone leaked it and the gossipmongers spread it around town like wildfire. Faye pressed a buzzer to get the investigator attention. He excused himself, leaving Mary alone in the room. She immediately began to primp in front of the mirror, and then examined it carefully to see if she could see through to the other side.
Henry entered the room. “What’s up?”
“Stop the interview. You just got her to admit to the coroners report. No one knew she might have done it herself.”
“Faye, everyone in town knew it.”
“Shut up, Henry. You’re talking gossip. We just needed someone to slip up in front of an officer of the law. Call Frank and tell him we have cause to question Margaret McPherson’s cause of death.”
There was a knock on the door and Rosalie the dispatcher opened the door. “Thought you guys should know, Boyd’s wife Carol was just admitted over at Beauregard Medical with second-degree burns on her legs and feet.” Faye and Dave exchanged looks.
“Thanks, Rosalie,” Dave said. “Let us know if you hear anything more.” She nodded her head and closed the door.
“Tell Miss Cook to go home, but she should stay in town.”
“She never goes anywhere,” Dave said, snickering.
“Just tell her,” Faye snapped and left the room. Dave knocked on the interrogation room door.
“Mary, you’re free to go.” She looked up at him, squinting. He thought she was very attractive for a woman approaching middle-age, but she was a nut job.
“How am I supposed to get home? This place isn’t exactly in the middle of town.” He shrugged his shoulders and waved her over.
“Come on then. I’ll give you a lift.” It was a scary proposition being alone with her in a car. No one trusted Mary, for their safety or for the stories she might carry. She followed him out of the station, pausing as he stuck his head in the dispatch room.
“Rosalie, I’m going to drive Miss Cook home.” Making sure everyone knew where he was and whom he was with was more for his own peace of mind, but Rosalie looked at with him concern.
“Okay,” she answered. “I just saw Fred’s cab drive by. You want I should call him over?” Dave smiled and laughed, shaking his head.
“See you in fifteen. Call out the troops if I’m not back by then.”
When they got outside, Mary finally spoke. “Jesus, you act like I gonna ravish you. You’re not that cute, Dave.”
“Ha!” He laughed out loud. “That’s the problem with a small town, Mary. Everyone knows who the troublemakers are.”
“I’m highly insulted,” she answered.
“Yes, well be that it may. I’m to tell you not to leave town this week.”
“Where the hell am I going to go? Oh wait, tonight is June Extravaganza at Phillip Anderson. I can’t miss it.”
“Beauregard doesn’t count,” he answered. “You dancin’ in the contest?”
“No, just watchin’. But I’ll be dancing the rest of the time. You going?” she asked.
“Wife doesn’t dance,” Dave answered. “She’s about ready to hatch.” 
Mary didn’t reply, resentful that yet another local woman was going to have a baby and she was still alone and barren. The car pulled up to her house just as a stranger, a woman was walking down her steps.
“A boarder! Let me out of this damn car.” She opened the door before he was fully stopped but he slammed on the brakes as she jumped out. The woman stopped on the sidewalk, shocked to see the police car.
“Thanks so much for the lift, honey!” Mary said, waving at Dave as she climbed up to the sidewalk, smiling at the woman. “Just my boyfriend. Help you?”
“Is this your place?” She pointed over her shoulder at Mary’s house.
“Yep, it’s all mine,” Mary said walking up to the porch.
“I was told you rent rooms,” the woman said, taking in Mary’s disheveled appearance.
“Who told you? Frank?”
“No, some man at the grocery store. Bearded fellow.” Mary frowned; those characters at the check-out really were a nuisance most of the time. Turning the key in the lock, she pushed the door open and the familiar smell of her house wafted out along with the cold air.
“Just passing through?”
“Yep, just for the night. Took a wrong turn down in Mobile I guess.”
“Come on in,” Mary said, stepping aside so the stranger could enter. “No one here at the moment so you’re in luck.” She turned to close the door, looking on the street for her car.
“Leave your car uptown?” Mary asked. The woman didn’t answer so Mary turned to look at her and repeated the question. “Leave your car uptown?”
“Ah, yes. Uptown,” the woman answered.
Chapter 26
The rest of the weekend was uneventful. Frank and Ellen had fun dancing in Beauregard Saturday night, helping them forget what was happening back in Seymour. Sunday morning, trying to brighten Ellen’s day, he drove into town and got take out fresh pastry and french toast for breakfast, the café’s specialty. Although they tried their best to recover from the week, worries about the possible charges pending made them both ill, waking up Monday morning with a feeling of dread. Trying to sweep it aside by sticking to his routine, he got into the shower and ended up cutting himself shaving, his hands were shaking so badly. They were supposed to learn something about the allegations against him that day. Hopefully, the investigation would be dropped, but if not, he couldn’t imagine what he would do about Ellen. Margo came to mind; Ellen liked her and she was kind and trustworthy, so as soon as he was dressed, making sure Ellen was still asleep, he went into the kitchen and dialed Margo’s number.

***

Late Saturday night, Boyd left the hospital. He was tempted to stop by Margo’s, but forced himself to head straight home. Once he was sure his children were okay, he went back to the bedroom and called Margo.
“I was worried about you,” she said, angry. “When you left this morning you said you’d call me, that I’d see you. I expected you to be here for dinner.”
“Please forgive me Margo,” he answered, grasping for the right words.
“Are you home now? What happened, Boyd?” He told her about Carol’s accident, and although she felt sorry for the woman, she was livid that a clumsy mishap was enough to drive Boyd back to her and leave Margo in the dust. Incredulous, Margo needed to hear him say the words. They were through. “So are you saying you’re not leaving her now?”
“Please forgive me, Margo. I know it sounds like a lame excuse, but I can’t do it to my kids.” It was more than that, he couldn’t do it to Carol, either. But he was trying to avoid a blowup and using finesse was the only way to do it.
“Fuck you, Boyd. Don’t ever call me again.” She slammed the phone down and burst into tears. Immediately regretful, she tried to call him again but he didn’t answer. It would be a sleepless night.
Sunday was hell; she knew he was at the hospital with his wife but had no way to contact him and he probably wouldn’t have taken her calls anyway. She debated going to the hospital to confront him, but aware it would be unprofessional, maybe enough for her to lose her job, she dropped it. Between bouts of uncontrollable sobbing, in which she’d listen to melancholy love songs, and forcing herself to do something productive, she got through the day. Longing to hear his voice after two days of silence, she stayed busy wishing Monday morning would hurry up and arrive so she could go to work.
Standing in the kitchen, she drank morning coffee while holding an ice bag to her swollen eyes, looking out over the lawn. The heat of summer would soon do a number on her garden and this year, she wouldn’t fight it, let nature take its course. The ringing phone snapped her out of her stupor.
“It’s Frank, Margo. I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“Oh, no, Frank. I’m awake. Just waiting to start my day as usual. Everything okay?”
“I don’t know yet,” he admitted. “I should hear something about the prosecutor making a case against me.”
“Oh, right,” Margo said, empathy for him driving some of her own angst away. “I don’t think it will come to that, Frank.”
“I need to be prepared, just in case,” he replied. “You’re about the only person in town Ellen and I trust. You are the only person. I know this is a lot to ask. If I’m put in jail, or if they take her away from me, can she stay with you? I’m sick thinkin’ they might place her in one of those awful foster homes you read about in the paper.” 
Margo’s heart rate sped up. Frank just paid her a compliment she didn’t deserve. It was her call to Boyd that started the whole mess against him, giving the words of gossips life, fueling their hatred.
“I don’t deserve this,” she said, fighting tears, self-pity and condemnation flooding over her. “Frank, I would be honored to take care of Ellen if it comes to that. But you don’t know what you’re saying. I’m not that great.”
“Look, all I care about is my kid is taken care of by someone I trust and admire and that’s you. There ain’t no one else, Margo. No one.” 
Margo sat at on a stool at her kitchen counter and started to weep. Thinking of her empty life, in which getting involved with a married man was the most exciting thing she could conjure up, persuading him to leave his wife and kids, Margo really didn’t deserved the trust Frank was placing in her. It was an answer to prayer. He was waiting for her reply.
“Okay, Frank, don’t worry about Ellen. She has a room here with me if need be. But I don’t think that it’s going to be a problem, okay? Let’s not be premature.”
“Thank you, Margo. Thank you,” he said, choked up. “I have to wake her up now. But I’ll be in touch later.” They said goodbye and hung up.
The sound of Frank’s voice, the praise he gave her and trust he put into her, although undeserved, triggered a complete one hundred-eighty degree change in Margo’s mood so that what Boyd had done in betraying her no longer mattered, as a matter of fact, his timing was perfect. She stopped thinking about him all together. What she’d wanted was a chance to get Frank’s attention and it looked like she’d succeeded. Everything was falling into place. Looking in the hallway mirror on her way out, Margo was pleasantly surprised how pretty she looked. “Have a nice day!”

***

Faye Baker was at her desk early Monday, her boss and two detectives sitting across from her, deliberating. “So it’s agreed, we have no case against Frank McPherson.” The others nodded their heads.
“Agreed,” they echoed.
“Good. Now we can concentrate on Alan Johnson.” They closed one file and opened another, thicker file. “We have two knives, one a steak knife from the café and the other a carving knife from the same manufacturer, both covered with Mary Cooks fingerprints.”
“The only problem is that she works at the café,” Dave Madden said. “Boyd was able to smuggle his steak knife out without a problem after she gave it to him with his lunch. How do we know the same thing wasn’t accomplished with the carving knife?”
“We don’t,” Faye replied. “Does the café do a knife inventory?”
“They do, and that knife is missing. We have her neighbor’s testimony that after Johnson left Mary’s place she had a temper tantrum and smashed the mug he used on her driveway.”
“Sounds lame to me,” Henry said. Faye hit her palm on the desk.
“Bring her back here,” she told him. “She’s at work by now at the café. Please bring me back a blueberry Danish.”
“I’ll go,” Dave said.
“Go with him,” Faye said, pointing at Henry. “She’s trouble and God knows we don’t want any more belly punches.” The detectives left the office, laughing but feeling badly for Boyd.
Faye sat across from her boss. “What’s next?” he asked, looking at his watch.
“I want to reopen Margaret McPherson’s death investigation.”
He pushed his chair away from her desk. “Knock yourself out,” he said, saluting her and left the room. 
Opening the file in front of her, she reread the nurse’s testimony from Hallowsbrook, listing the onset of symptoms and the speed at which Margaret succumbed. Pulling her phone close, she dialed the number of a nurse friend of hers who might be able to unlock the mystery behind the gibberish that was the autopsy lab reports and spot something someone, including the coroner missed. It was a long shot.

***

Judy checked her watch, tapping on the crystal. Looking up at the wall clock, she could see that the time was correct, just as it had been when she checked it ten minutes ago. Mary was never late. She might get to work just in time, but she always arrived so Judy could leave. Today, she was forty minutes late and not answering her phone. Judy couldn’t leave the café to go check; Mary could have overslept in a drunken stupor, or fallen and hit her head.
Turning her back to make fresh coffee, the bell on the door rang. She looked up just as Dave and Henry walked in. “Sit anywhere you want,” Judy said.
“Isn’t it time for Mary to be here?” Dave asked.
“She’s late,” Judy said. “I’m getting worried because she’s never late.”
“How ‘bout we take a run down the street and check it out for you?” Henry asked.
“Oh, thank you so much,” Judy said, gratefully. The men left, returning to their squad car, just as they saw Boyd pull up to the garage.

Faye called Boyd, asking him if he’d do the honors. “Go tell your buddy to dry his tears,” she said. “No charges will be brought against him. But warn him to get something in writing as far as custody for his kid goes. He needs to do it pronto.” She wished she could arrest the old biddies in town who spread the lies, not realizing they were younger than she was.
Ellen was sitting at the counter checking their appointments for the day when Boyd came through the door. She frowned, but was polite. “Frank’s in the garage.”
“Thanks,” he said, opening the door and stepping down into the bay. Frank looked up at Boyd and the color drained from his face.
“Its okay, Frank,” he said holding his hands up. “They aren’t pressing charges.” Frank slumped against the car, his hand holding a wrench going to his forehead.
“Thank God,” he said, shaking. “I need to tell Ellen.” He put the tool down and went to the door.
“Make sure you get legal custody of her, Frank. The prosecutor asked me to remind you.”
“Okay, I’ll start that ball rolling today.” He opened the door to the office. “Ellen! It’s okay. Everything is okay,” he said and she hopped down off her stool running to him for a hug. Boyd waited until they parted so he could get through the doorway.
“I need to call Margo and let her know,” Frank said. Boyd stopped short, the mention of Margo’s name making his heart speed up.
“Why’s that?” Boyd asked.
“She offered to take care of Ellen if this thing took hold and I lost custody of her. I need to tell her she won’t have to now, but maybe in the future, if I die before she’s of age, Margo can step in.” 
Boyd looked at Frank through different eyes, as a competitor who would be good for Margo, better than he could ever be because Frank was single. The thought bothered him, and on the cusp of a jealous outburst, he channeled it into a positive comment on behalf of Margo.
“Margo would be a wonderful parent, Frank. I think you’re making a smart move. You should consider it while you’re still alive.”
“My wife just died, Boyd. It’s too early to think about seein’ anyone else.”
“That was thoughtless of me, Frank. My apologies,” Boyd said, embarrassed.
“No apologies necessary. It’s an idea, but just not right now.”
Boyd nodded his head and left the garage before he said anything else, happy for Ellen, Frank and Margo, and sad for himself.
As Frank dialed Margo’s office, Ellen sat and watched smiling. “Margo, it’s Frank again,” he said, cheerful. “None of the charges will be filed against me after all.”
“Oh, I’m so thrilled! That’s just wonderful, Frank.”
“Yes, we’re pretty happy here,” he said. “Thank you for agreein’ to help us out. It gave me the first peace I’ve had since this mess started.”
“My pleasure,” she said. They chatted a while longer before hanging up.
“I really like Margo,” Ellen said, thoughtful. “Let’s invite her to Phillip Anderson’s Saturday.” Frank frowned, not sure what she was getting at.
“You want me to ask her for a date? It seems a little early for that.”
“Sort of,” Ellen said. “But we won’t call it a date. Just an evening out with two friends. It seems sort of cruel to ask her to be my guardian in one breath and then ignore her when she’s not needed.” Frank nodded his head.
“I gotcha,” he said. “That’s true. I might ask her if she would consider makin’ that legal in case I die.”
“Please don’t mention that,” Ellen said, shuddering.
“Okay, I’ll call her back while I have the nerve.” He dialed the office number again and she came on the line in a minute.
“It’s me again, Margo. Frank McPherson.”
“I recognize your voice,” she said, smiling at the phone. “Is everything still okay?”
“It’s fine, just fine,” he replied, winking at Ellen. “Me and Ellen here, we wonder if you’d accept our invitation to go dancin’ at Phillip Anderson.” Margo was speechless for a moment. Of course, she’d love to go out with Frank. But his wife was only dead four months and she and Boyd had just broken up. It would be cause for more gossip. Not sure that she cared, she reminded herself it was also the answer to her prayers.
“Wow, what a nice surprise,” she answered, trying to stall while she thought about it.
“I’ll be honest with you,” he said softly. “We decided that we were goin’ to ask you to be Ellen’s guardian if anythin’ happens to me. And if we would ask that of you, we should spend time with you.”
“Time ballroom dancing?” she said, smiling. “How can I say no to that offer? I don’t dance very well though.”
“We’ll practice. How about you come out to the cottage tonight and we have a practice session before the actual occasion.” Ellen was giggling.
“Okay, it’s a deal,” Margo said, laughing.
“Come for dinner,” Frank offered, excited. His happiness was palpable.
“Thank you, I will.” They discussed the time before saying goodbye.
“You asked her to dinner,” Ellen said, looking off into space. “What should we have?”
“Your spaghetti and meatballs are the best,” he answered. “What do you think?”
“I hope she likes garlic!” Ellen said laughing. “Dancing with garlic on your breath…not a good idea.”
“Oh, right. See, that’s why I need you around. How about fried chicken?”
“I guess, but it seems like a lot of work,” she said frowning. “I’ve got it. Hamburgers. Everyone loves ‘em and they are easy to fix.”
“Good idea! We better stop by Family-Owned and pick up a few items. I guess I’ll get back to work, sister,” Frank said, standing in the doorway. 
He wanted to say more to her, but couldn’t find the words. It was a new start for them. She put her book down and looked at him lovingly.
“I don’t feel afraid anymore,” she said. “Now the threat of you being stuck in jail is gone, I feel safe again.”
“I’m sorry about it all,” he replied. “Sorry you were exposed to all that ugliness. All over our dancin’ together.”
“I just thought of somethin’ Frank.”
“What’s that?”
“Mary. She wasn’t at Phillip Anderson’s Saturday night to watch the contest.”
 “That was an answer to my prayer,” he replied, shaking his head in disgust as he went back into the garage.

***

Henry pulled the patrol car into Mary Cook’s driveway. It looked unoccupied, with two days worth of newspapers scattered on the porch, her mailbox jammed with ads and coupons. Dave tapped on the door and a dog down the block started barking.
“Big fight over there the other night,” next-door neighbor Peter called over the fence. Dave hopped down off the porch and met him.
“Is that right?” he asked. “What kind of fight?”
“About the usual for Mary. A lot of screaming and yelling and glass breaking. I was getting used to it and then not a peep all day yesterday.”
“Did you call the police?” Henry asked.
“Why in God’s name would I call the police?” Peter asked. “I’d be calling over there every night if that was the case. Take your pick. That house was last night,” he pointed across the street. “Mary here Saturday night and a few days before when that dead guy was here pissin’ her off. We got a regular cast of characters fightin’ in this neighborhood.”
“Stick around, Pete. You can tell us more in a minute,” Henry said.
“I’ll call for back up,” Dave said, reaching into the car and pulling the radio out. While waiting for Boyd to show, they walked the perimeter of the house, but nothing seemed out of place. Dave pulled a bucket over, turning it upside down and stood on it to peek in the windows but the curtains were tightly closed.
“Here he comes,” Henry called when Boyd pulled up.
“What’s going on?” Boyd asked. They told him what Peter had said, and that there was no answer, and she was over an hour late for work now.
Boyd lifted the mat and found her key, conveniently located for thieves, and opened the door. The smell was still faint, but evident. Boyd’s heart sank. They entered in a line with him leading. Frightened, Boyd wanted to be the first to find her.
“Look,” he said, pointing to the floor just beyond the vestibule. “Blood.” Dave returned to the car to call for a forensic team. The trail of blood wound through the hallway into the tiny kitchen. A chair was on its side and the dish strainer on the floor with smashed dishes and glassware confirmed Pete’s comment.
“There she is,” Boyd called. The men were careful not to step in her blood. Laying face down on the kitchen floor was Mary Cook.
Henry bent over her, feeling her neck for a pulse. “She’s dead.”
“Who’d kill Mary?” Boyd said, flabbergasted.
“She’s wearing the same thing she had on Saturday,” Dave said when he returned. “I remember because when Henry hand cuffed her, she fell back on the seat and I had to lift her legs up into the car. I remember those pink pants and those sneakers. I bet if you turn her over, her shirt has Mickey Mouse on it.”
“It does. I mean her shirt had the mouse on it. When she punched me in the gut over at Frank’s I remember thinking why a grown woman would wear a mouse t-shirt.”
“I dropped her off here after questioning her over at the station Saturday. There was a woman just leaving the house. Mary said she was a boarder.”
“Do you remember what she looked like?” Henry asked.
“I’ll have to think about that one,” he said. “I hope I can remember something. I know she had hospital scrubs on. Peter might have seen her.” He left the house, calling neighbor Pete over.
“Bad news,” Dave said. Peter put his hand up to his face, stunned.
“She dead?”
“I’m sorry to say. You want to talk to me about Saturday afternoon? Did you see anyone new around?”
“I was fixin’ my meal and looking out that wind’er,” he pointed to a window overlooking the front of Mary’s house. “I saw a woman walkin’ from town, come up the stairs to the porch, knock and then leave after a bit. Then you or someone in a cop car dropped Mary off and the woman turned back and followed her into the house.”
“Did you recognize the woman?”
“Nope. She was a stranger. No one in Seymour has purple hair. Miss Logan wouldn’t stand fer it.”
“What’d she look like?” Dave asked. Pete looked up at the house, thoughtful.
“Unattractive,” Pete said. “Course I’m lookin’ through a wind’er to see her, but she was tall and big. Mean lookin’ with a rope of purple hair down her back like a horse.”
“Did you see her leave?”
“Nope. I was lookin’ for her, too. After the ruckus and all.”
“When’d the fight start?”
“Bout half hour after she got there. It was a bad one. We’s used to Miss Mary and her fights round here, but this was bad even for her. Is that when she got kilt?”
“Did you hear any names spoken, or anything stand out?” Dave said, ignoring his question.
“Nope, just a bunch of screamin’ and breaking glass. It seemed like it lasted a long time, but thinkin’ it was probably just a minute.” Dave thanked him.
“I‘ll be around later to talk more. You open to that?”
“Yes sir. Wow,” he said, shaking his head. “I’m gonna miss Mary. She made it lively around this place.”
In minutes, sirens blasted as the rest of the crew came to Mary Cook’s house for the last time, a van with Clarke County Morgue stenciled on the side pulling into the driveway.
Chapter 27
News would travel fast through Seymour to Beauregard, thanks to Miss Sally Logan. She was standing in front of her mirrored booth in Miss Logan’s Beauty Salon when the emergency vehicles rushed down First Street.
“What’s that all about?” she hollered.
“Got no idea,” the receptionist said. “You want me to run down and find out?” But Miss Logan was already out the front door, jogging around the corner. She saw the police car in Mary’s driveway and the emergency vehicles and Boyd’s car lined up.
Putting her hand to her mouth, Miss Logan let out a genuine sob. Mary Cook was a pain in the ass, but she was an old friend. Someone she’d watched grow up in Seymour, who she’d try to assist when the girl’s mother was at her worst. Picking up her pace to a sprint, she got to Mary’s just as the forensic team arrived. “Oh no,” she said out loud. “What happened?” Boyd came down the stairs, wiping his hand on a paper towel. He went to Miss Logan, putting his hands on her shoulders. She could feel the damp; he must have just washed them. She knew what he was going to say and burst into tears.
“I don’t want to hear it,” she wailed. “It can’t be happening.”
“I’m so sorry, Sally. Let me take you back to the salon. Or home. I can take you to Towering Pines. There’s nothing to be done here.”
“Can I see her?” she sobbed.
“No, best not. She’s been lying on her face for two days. You’ll see her at the viewing, if there’s one.”
“Oh, there’ll be one,” she replied, sniffing. “I’ll pay for it myself.” Boyd waited while Miss Logan composed herself.
“Do you know who could have hurt Mary?”
“No, not a clue,” she said blowing her nose. “Poor Mary. I still can’t believe it.”
“Dave said someone was staying at the house Saturday night,” Boyd confided, taking a risk. “This is privileged information, Sally.” He hoped she’d blab it all over town. Someone knowing about the boarder might come forward.
“I talked to her when she got home Saturday evening and she said she couldn’t stay on the line; she’d just walked in the door and someone new had arrived, but that’s all she said. A she. ‘Let me get my guest settled and I’ll call you back.’ I got busy readying to go out. Frank and Ellen danced at Phillip Anderson Saturday night and I thought for sure Mary would be there unless she didn’t want to leave her tenant. I called her in the morning but there was no answer. I just figured she had a date or was out with whoever it was she had stayin’ here.”
Boyd patted her on the shoulder. “Come on, Sally. Let’s go.” He put his arm around her and they walked to the patrol car together.
“What an awful thing,” Miss Logan said, crying again. “Just awful.”

***

Faye Baker was seething. “Okay, I’ve had about enough of this small town shit. If I wanted murders every night I’d have stayed in Philadelphia.”
“Calm down, Baker,” DA Thomas Walker replied. “Two murders in twenty years. Three if you count McPherson.”
“Oh, she was murdered alright. She had no glucose in her blood and a shit load of insulin. A little tidbit overlooked by our coroner who said she died of natural causes. Ha! Where the hell would she get insulin?”
“So what now?” Walker asked.
“We find out who has diabetes,” Faye said. “It’s as good a place as any to start.”
She looked down at the file again as Henry Cort ran into her office. “Jesus, take it easy,” Thomas Walker said, moving out of the way.
“You aren’t going to believe this,” Henry said. “I can’t believe it.”
“Spit it out, Cort. I got high blood pressure.”
“Fingerprints in Alan Johnson’s room match prints found at the scene at Mary Cook’s.”

***

Boyd Dalton pulled up into the driveway of Towering Pines with Miss Logan in the front seat. It was the first time he’d been in her presence without her talking his ears off. “You want me to go up with you?” he asked gently. “I could use a cup of coffee.”
“What about Carol?” Miss Logan asked shaking her head. “You should probably get over to the hospital and see her.”
“I told her we were together and she said to give you her love.”
 Miss Logan bowed her head and started to cry again. Guilt from gossiping about Boyd and Margo filled her, regrets for her behavior overwhelming her in the sadness of losing Mary.
“I’ll be okay, Boyd. Give her a kiss for me. I think I want to be alone for little bit.” He nodded his head and got out of the car.
“Let me at least walk you up.” 
Cate was in the window, wondering what in God’s name the sheriff was bringing Sally Logan home for and met them at the door.
He tipped his hat to Cate. “Miss Ashby. Take care of Miss Logan.” 
Saying goodbye, he skipped down the steps, giving Sally Logan a wide berth so she could start telling her story. Pulling out of the driveway, he got to thinking about Margo, hoping she was okay as he drove to the hospital to see his wife. The best thing he could do was to leave Margo alone, give her a chance to get back on her feet.

***

At five, finished with his work, Frank came into the office to get his daughter. “Time to call it a day, sister. Family-Owned, here I come.”
“Can I go to the store with you? I want to see what inspires me for dessert,” she said smiling. “I want somethin’ extra special for Margo tonight.”
“You like her, don’t you?” Frank asked, wanting confirmation that it was in fact all right with her if he started to see Margo.
“I like her fine,” Ellen said. 
After Mary, Margo was a breath of fresh air, someone who could be trusted with her secrets, who wouldn’t desecrate the name of her mother like Mary Cook had.
Frank gave her a one armed hug as they crossed the street together, unaware of the stares of the motley group of characters who waited to carry groceries. “Those men give me the hebby jebbies,” Ellen said. “They seem dangerous, waitin’ there to ponce.”
“They’re harmless,” Frank said. “The sheriff watches ‘em like a hawk.” 
They entered the store, patrons and employees smiling and waving at the handsome father and daughter who’d danced so beautifully the weekend before. Some even clapped, embarrassing Ellen.
“This was a mistake,” she mumbled.
“Let’s run through and get our burger and buns,” Frank said smiling and waving back, all in the name of promotion for the garage. Ellen chose a gooseberry pie with a double crust and vanilla ice cream for dessert.
“I don’t know if I can wait to eat this!” Ellen said. “I love pie.”
“I’ll teach you how to bake one,” Frank said, laughing at the notion; Frank’s pies were misshapen but delicious.
“Sounds perfect. Makin’ my own pie could be dangerous though. I hope Margo likes pie.” The excitement in the truck was palpable as they drove to the cottage, and although they didn’t say it out loud, expectations growing that Margo Portland might someday be a part of their family and that Ellen would bake her pie. It wasn’t until they pulled into the driveway that Ellen remembered Margo couldn’t eat sugar.
“What’s wrong with someone who can’t eat sugar?” Ellen asked. Frank frowned, thinking.
“Not sure what you mean,” he answered.
“When I was at Margo’s on Saturday she told me she couldn’t eat candy because it’s made of sugar and she can’t have it.”
“She must be a diabetic,” Frank said. “How awful for her.”
“I’ll think of somethin’ else to make for her,” Ellen said. “But you’re right. Not being able to have pie would be awful.”

***

After Boyd visited Carol at the hospital, making sure she was on the mend, her burns healing and in good spirits, he stopped off at the station to see if the team uncovered anything in the search of Mary Cook’s house.
“Same prints in both our victim’s rooms. Whoever killed Alan Johnson turned the air conditioning unit on. Cate Ashby said she never touched it because he’d moved out and returned unexpectedly. The same two fingers that unscrewed the light bulb next to Alan’s bed also turned the air on, and drank water from a coffee cup at Mary’s.”
“Oh man that is big,” Boyd replied. “You have DNA from the cup, too.” DNA use in crime detection was its early stages, but they would utilize it fully for this.
“Peter reminded me that the woman who met Mary on the sidewalk had an odd color hair. Sort of purple, so it could have been a wig. And she was wearing hospital scrubs. Navy blue. Evidently, navy blue scrubs aren’t standard uniforms at the hospitals in the area.”
“Everything has a way of coming to the surface in time.” Boyd said, distracted. “What file is this?” He pointed to a file left on his desk.
“Margaret McPherson,” Dave replied, sorting through paperwork on his desk. “Faye got the go-ahead to reopen her case. She had one of her nurse friends go over the lab work from the autopsy and McPherson’s glucose was undetectable, while she had a lot of insulin in her blood. The coroner said she could have injected herself with it, but the nursing staff said it would have been impossible for her to acquire the syringe. Evidently, all their syringes are kept under lock and key. What’s your take on it?” When Boyd didn’t answer, Dave looked up. Boyd was gone.
Chapter 28
Sitting in his patrol car, waves of nausea hit Boyd. He opened the door and threw up until there was nothing left in his stomach. Starting the car, he slowly drove out of the parking lot, wondering what steps he should take. He could just leave it alone and let the wheels of justice do their job. But he didn’t know if he had the patience to allow it. More about confrontation, he was an action kind of man, someone who liked to get things done quickly.
Hoping he wasn’t making a mistake, he drove over to Margo’s house, praying no one would see him. The idea that the two biggest gossips in town were gone; Miss Logan home in Beauregard and Mary dead, gave him peace. If anyone saw his car there, they wouldn’t care. He parked in the alley and went through her backyard.
She wasn’t home. He knew where the key was, but didn’t want to do anything without a search warrant. “You dumb ass,” he said out loud. “Why didn’t you do that in the first place? Go back to the station.” He went to his car and called the station on his radio.
“Is Faye Baker still there?” he asked.
“She is,” dispatch said. “She’s breathin’ down my neck.”
“What is it Boyd?” Faye asked.
“I don’t want to say over the radio,” he answered. “Can you stick around? I’ll be right there.”
“Hurry up,” she said. He put his flashers on as he sped through town, getting back to the station in less than five minutes. A memory from a year ago, like a thrown shoe hitting him in the head pounded in his brain.
He was waiting in bed while Margo got out of the shower. Modest, she put a robe on before coming out, but it was silky and flesh colored, hugging her body, as enticing as if she were nude. Then as if she were purposely trying to ruin the mood, he watched her draw up insulin in the tiny syringe, then open her robe and pinch flesh on her belly, throwing the needle like a dart.
“A sure fire way to murder someone is to use insulin,” Margo said.
He sat up, resting on his elbows.
“Who wants to commit murder?”
“Oh, no, no, no. No one,” she giggled. “I’m just saying that it’s a way to do it. The insulin works quickly and is difficult to detect.”
“Well, you’ve got it if we need it, is that what you’re drivin’ at?” She got back into bed, laughing.
“I do indeed.” 
At the time, he wondered if she was hinting he kill his wife. But the idea sweet Margo would think of such a thing was so outlandish, he buried it.
Was Margo waiting for Frank to be free? As Margaret’s nurse practitioner, Margo saw Margaret getting better, ready for discharge. It was all conjecture. She acted right away, before Margaret returned home, tired of waiting for Boyd to leave Carol. Frank would be single if the plan worked. Since she had access to her, she’d kill Margaret and get away with it. Almost. New technology could detect insulin, even in a corpse.

***

Faye was waiting for him, pacing. “I hope you have something.”
“I need a search warrant. Fast.”
“For what?” He told her, watching her expression turn stony.
“I need to get the judge before he leaves,” she said, running out of the room.

***

“I hope this is isn’t a wild goose chase,” Faye said. 
She and Boyd were standing with the doctor who owned the office where Margo Portland was a nurse practitioner.
“We don’t have the need to empty our sharps containers that often. So if insulin was injected and the syringe disposed of in March, it’s still here. There are two containers; one in the lab and one in the clinic. Margo would use the one in the clinic, unless she was trying to hide something. We don’t administer insulin in the clinic, ever. It won’t be difficult to find the syringe if it’s here.” Boyd didn’t think Margo was a sophisticated enough murderer to think that deeply. If she injected herself, it would have her DNA, not Margaret’s.
“Unless she got rid of it at Hallowsbrook,” Faye said, whispering.
“I doubt that,” Boyd said. “They’ve got security cameras all over that place.” Turning to the doctor, he had one more request. “I’ll need your files for Margaret McPherson.”
“We don’t keep those here,” he replied.
“You might not think so, but I know Margo brings them home each night. I’ve seen her with the files.” The doctor shrugged, looking at him, curious.
“Let’s head to her office. It’s in the clinic.” They followed him to the back of the building, the clinic off a large fenced-in parking lot, providing privacy for the patients who required clinic services. The rooms were dark and depressing, clearly not meant to be a place where a person would care to linger.
They searched her desk and file cabinet and the doctor found the file marked McPherson, Margaret. The insignia for Hallowsbrook was marked on the front, clearly not an office file. “This is highly unprofessional,” he said, handing it over. “Files are never supposed to leave the unit.”
Pointing to the sharps container outside of Margo’s office, the doctor lifted the container off the wall and deposited it in a red bag Faye was holding open.
“Let’s get out of here,” she said, frowning. “You should try to brighten up this dump for the poor folk.”
“Just because Margo Portland has diabetes doesn’t mean she’s the one who gave Margaret McPherson too much insulin,” Faye said as they drove back to the station, a red-bagged sharps container on her lap. “And if the syringe with her DNA isn’t in this bucket, we have nothing but your hunch.”
“I’ve got more than a hunch, Faye.”
“Why would Margo want to kill her? That’s what I don’t get.”
“She wanted Frank,” Boyd replied. “Margaret was getting better and up for release. Margo wanted to make sure Frank stayed free.
Boyd kept driving, knowing if they found the proof they were looking for, he’d have to confess in a public court of law that he was having an affair with Margo when she said those damning words, “A sure fire way of murdering someone is to use insulin.”
Returning to the station, the file and each sheet contained within were dusted for prints by CSI and handed over to Faye. The first thing she noticed reading the notes was that Margo Portland saw Margaret early on Wednesday before she died. By the time Mary Cook visited later Wednesday, Margaret was already beginning to go into insulin shock.

***

Boyd and Dave Madden sat outside of Margo’s house for an hour.
“This has got to be hard for you,” Dave said. “I mean, of course it’s hard. But are you okay?”
“Yes,” Boyd answered. “I thought I should bow out, but Thomas Walker said not yet. So here I am.”
“Where the hell did she go?” Dave said. “I hope she didn’t get wind of what was happening and bolt.”
“Let’s drive over to Frank McPherson’s,” Boyd said suddenly. “I know he was talking to Margo about taking care of his kid if he was charged with abuse.”
“Why would she go over there?”
“It’s just a hunch,” Boyd said, stony. 
He started the car and drove through the night, passing the lighted houses in the residential neighborhood on the outskirts of town, and then down a lonely dirt road, unlighted. The moon was bright, the stars invisible, unable to compete.
“Is that it?” Dave said, pointing to a cottage lit up like a beacon.
“That’s it,” Boyd replied. “I’m going to sneak up on them.” Like he always did, hoping to catch Frank doing something wrong, he turned off the lights and engine and drifted up the driveway. As clear as could be, in what appeared at first to be an intimate embrace, Margo Portland and Frank McPherson were standing together. Johnny Rivers played in the background, music floating through the open windows. But as the sheriff and the detective watched, the couple started to sway back and forth innocently as Frank led her in step. Ellen was jumping up and down, clapping.
“They’re dancing! They’re slow dancing,” Dave said hitting his knee and laughing. “People still do that?”
“Yep, it looks like they do,” Boyd said, sadly. “The busy bodies probably saw the father and daughter slow dancing, and with dirty minds thought they were doing something bad. Poor Frank. If what I think is true, it’ll be the last time he dances with Margo.”
Chapter 29
Getting out of Mary’s house without anyone seeing Noelle was no mean feat. The man who lived next door hung out on his porch for a while after the fight. The screaming and commotion had to rouse the rest of the neighborhood’s curiosity but no one called the police, or if they did, there was no response. Waiting until dark to go, she left Mary’s house from a back door that faced an alley. Not believing she’d get away with it gave her confidence she didn’t usually have. If she got caught, oh well. How would it change her life, really? Already living in self-imposed confinement; going to a job she loathed, the loneliness unbearable, and then finally succumbing to Alan’s lies, at least a murder trial and life in prison would bring some excitement, not to mention she’d have companionship in jail.
After she killed Mary, she found a bottle of spray cleaner under the kitchen sink and wiped over the few places she touched, the door handles and the handle of the knife while it stuck out of Mary’s back. Exhausted, she went into the living room and sat down to rest, confident no one would come to the house because Mary had said so. “You’re in luck! The place is empty and I’m not expecting anyone tonight, so come on in!”
Arriving at Mary’s that second time; a police car pulled up to the house just as she’d given up knocking on the door and walked down the steps to leave. It threw her into a state of panic so intense she almost ran, thinking they were coming for her. But the cop was just dropping Mary off. Jealousy surged seeing Mary; thin, animated, pretty; everything she wasn’t. Imagining her in Alan’s arms intensified the rage; up until that moment, she only wanted to talk to Mary but anger would be the deciding factor in Mary’s demise. Following the exact same procedure she did with Alan, only this time she used Mary’s very own kitchen knife, originally lifted from the café, to stab her in the back.
The logistics of killing Alan the evening before were trickier. When he called her from Mary’s house earlier that week, giving her the ax, it was simple for Noelle to get the number he was calling from. Dialing star six nine, the number was repeated by a recorded voice. A wait of a few days to decrease suspicion, Noelle called the number.
“I’m coming into Seymour tomorrow and want to reserve a room,” she said.
“No need for a reservation,” Mary said, putting lipstick on, anxious to leave for Beauregard. “Just come by when you arrive.”
“Can I have your address?” Mary gave it freely, not cautious at all.
“How’d you hear about me?” she asked. But Noelle had already hung up.
Mary Cook was the woman she was looking for, and Noelle made the decision to leave Florida and go to Alabama; there was no other alternative. Years of systematic emotional abuse by men culminated in Alan’s mistreatment of her and he would be the scapegoat, paying the dues for all those who went before him.
The bus ride was awful, reminding her of nightmares of youth, going across the border with her mother to visit relatives. Arriving in Seymour in the early afternoon, the bus stop was at the corner of Mary’s street, relief when the whoosh of the hydraulic doors opened and fresh air could finally flood in. The café in town offered her a chance to regroup, and it was empty, business almost done for the day. An older woman with a tired limp put a menu and a glass of water down on the table. 
“Where’s the bathroom?” Noelle asked.
“In back,” the waitress said, pointing to the left of the lunch counter while she returned to filling a tray of saltshakers. On the way to the bathroom, the perfect weapon presented itself; a six inch carving knife in a plastic bin of knives. Slipping the knife into her bag, adrenalin surged through her body. She just made it to the bathroom before bursting into tears, unable to bear the pain for another minute. Locking the door, she knelt down on one knee on the dirty floor and rolled up her pant leg. Using the knife from the café, she very slowly nicked the skin below her anklebone. When she was sure she missed any major vessels, she cut a little deeper, the relief coincided with the rush of air from her lungs. Wrapping the wound with gauze she always carried, she wiped the tip of the blade off and put it in her bag with her bandage supplies. She’d be able to do this.

Alan’s unlocked car parked in front of Mary’s house was a perfect place to hide and wait. She saw it on the street and her mouth filled with bile, heart thumping so hard she was afraid she’d die. Carefully opening the door, she got in the backseat and because of anxiety, immediately fell asleep.
What she wasn’t expecting was to be a witness to the fight. The noise woke her up and at first, she couldn’t tell where it was coming from. Just as she peeked up over the back door to look out the window, Alan flew down the steps with his suitcase. Cowering on the floor, she was sure he’d see her. 
Fortunately, he opened the front door of the car and threw it in the passenger seat. He mumbled, calling her a bitch, gulping air in his flight, clearly furious. 
Nerves building to enable Noelle to kill Alan as he drove down the deserted road, she was just getting ready to plunge the knife into his neck when he pulled into a well-lit gas station and got out to make a phone call. Now it was her turn to gulp air, heart bounding in her chest, she tried to slow her breathing down before he heard it.
He got back into the car, mumbling again, but his anger seemed to have resolved somewhat. Squatting on the floor behind him, she silently prayed for strength to carry out the murder. He deserved no mercy. 
The car slowed down and finally stopped. She listened to him opening the door, getting out of the car. The passenger door opened and he got his bag, slamming the door shut. She peeked over the seat and saw a dark, hulking structure with a wraparound porch, saw him open a door and enter the house without knocking. Carefully opening the back door, she cringed when the interior light went on but she moved fast and quickly and gently closed the door. Approaching the house, she decided if they caught her, she’d just say she was there to see Alan. But no one saw her. 
Waiting until he went into the dining room to sneak inside the house, no one noticed her creep by due to the fuss the tenants were making over Alan’s return. Hiding under the staircase, Noelle wasn’t sure what would happen next, listening to their conversation. A woman he called Cate said he could have his old room at the top of the stairs. Alan and another woman named Margo chatted, their attraction for each other clear in his voice and Noelle’s contempt grew. Someone brought up Mary’s name, enraging Noelle further. Barely able to contain the rage and having heard enough, she tiptoed up the stairs, opened the door she hoped was his room at the top of the stairs, the heat blasting her in the face. Not thinking it might alert someone, she turned the air conditioning on, hid next to the wardrobe and waited for him.
It was so easy to do the deed, not at all how she imagined it would be having never stabbed a person before. She was afraid of the knife resisting, of having to force it in. Aiming at the middle of his back, the handle in an icepick grip, the extra leverage gave the sharp, pointed knife strength to slice into him like butter. 
In spite of the ease, she started to sweat, beads of sweat dripping off the end of her nose. Alan had once complained when they were having sex that he didn’t like her on top of him because her sweat dripping on him was gross. She remembered the insult, giving the knife an extra twist. He grunted and fell forward. After the writhing stopped, she rifled around in his pockets. He only had fifty dollars. Laughing, she said, “What a poor ass.” 
Listening at the bedroom door, she didn’t have to wait for long to make her escape. Scraping of chair legs on the floor in the room below echoed; the meal in the dining room had come to an end. Pausing at his door, she saw another staircase at the end of the hall. Luckily, the stairs led to a back door where she could make her escape undetected. 
She walked in circles in the dark neighborhood for half an hour, confused, uncertain, until finally, the noise and smells of food led her to the center of town. Killing time, she hid in the library for as long as she could without rousing suspicion, and then walked down by the river for an hour. She found the bus station where she could hide out until the next bus to Seymour left in the morning. The need to confront Mary grew. Any woman who had betrayed her with Alan deserved retribution. She really hadn’t intended on killing her but once it was over, she was relieved.
The bus left Seymour early Sunday morning with Noelle on board after the deed was done. When it passed by the café, she recognized the gorgeous man walking out with a take-out bag in his hand, crossing the street to his parked truck. She’d seen his photo in a newspaper article left behind in the bus station waiting room. A man and his daughter, dancing for all they were worth, won the grand prize the night before at Phillip Anderson’s Ballroom.
The End
Please consider leaving a review. Xo 
Be sure to subscribe to my email list at Https://suzannejenkins.com to received periodic Free stories. 






