

Snow Rises: 
An Adult Reverse Harem Romance
(Angels of Shadows Book 1)

By

Larisa Long
Copyright 2018 by Larisa Long

This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, events, and incidents are fiction. Any similarity to any real persons, characters, events or incidents is entirely coincidental. All Rights Reserved.

Any trademarks, service marks, or product names are assumed to be property of their respective owners. No endorsement is implied. 



A Reverse Harem Romance/ Paranormal Urban Fantasy
** Mature Content: Language/Sexual Situations; Recommended for 18+** 
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Rivers Fall
Also by L. A. Long
Chapter 1
He’s the typical psycho rapist murdering type. Angry, disheveled, dirty, strung out. His smirk should be catalogued. Why do I attract the violent fuckwads?
I lower my head and narrow my eyes. “Before you tell me your sadistic fantasy of everything you’re going to do to me … take a minute. Rethink it.”
He flinches, but his confidence surges when he takes a dirty knife from his back pocket and shows it to me like he’s proposing.
I don’t cower. “Dude, I know there are psychopaths who can pick out the perfect victim, and it all goes their way.” I wait for a few seconds thinking he’ll change his mind. He doesn’t. “I am not that victim, and you are not that psychopath.”
He rushes at me. I knew he would. They all do. I lunge out of the way at the perfect second, and he flips himself over the edge of the roof.
 “Dumbass.” Since we’re on the fourteenth floor, I’m assuming I don’t need to look over the edge.
Who are they? Who am I? I don’t remember my name. My real name anyway. I have no home. No family. My first real memory was someone handing me an envelope of cash. She said she was my social worker. Told me I had to stop running away because my problems will always find me. That was terrifying. I get it, but it mindfucked me.
That was a month ago. She used the phrase ‘aged out’ of the system. Aged out? I looked it up. Means I’m eighteen.
I used up the last of the cash this morning. No matter where I go, there’s someone following me. They usually stay in the shadows, but they always show up.
“That was your fourth this week,” a voice says. 
I study them. Two guys. I finally get a good look at them. Can’t believe I ran from them last week. Neither look like they could harm a piece of lint. Can’t be much older than I’m supposed to be. Same height. One’s blonde. One’s brown haired. The definition clean cut comes to mind. Also, harmless. Nice guys. Limp dicks. I do realize my heart is beating faster. Always does when I know they’re around.
The dark haired one holds his arms out as if he welcomes my inspection. “Do you approve of us?”
I stare at him without a hint of emotion or expression. 
The blonde glances at the other one and laughs. “She’s definitely like I remember.”
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”
“Must you use that language around us?” the brown haired one asks.
The blonde one holds his hands up as if that would calm me. “We’re not going to hurt you.”
 They must not know who they’re dealing with. “Don’t want to get your blood on my jeans.” I look down at my faded blues. “These are my favorite pair, and it’s a bitch to get the stains out.”
“You’ve had them three weeks.” The dark haired one smirks. “And angels don’t bleed.”
“Fuck me.” That’s new. “Angels?” I’ve been chased by many, but never anyone claiming to be an angel. I look over the blonde one, every perfect part of him. “You an angel too?”
“Reaper. I’m Syn,” he says. “The angel is Ren.”
“Syn? Seriously?” 
“It was a nickname from my early days.” The reaper shrugs like there’s so much more to that story.
I don’t get a read on them, and I can read anyone ever since I can remember. And that’s been a whopping month now. So, I think I know myself pretty well. I crack myself up. Can’t help it. When you have no one else to talk to, it’s easy to be your own BFF or your own worst enemy. “Why are you chasing me?”
The brown haired angel steps closer. “Why do you think we’re chasing you?”
Great, they’ve obviously read their share of shrink books.
Someone screams down the alley.
The reaper glances at the angel. “They’re here.”
Ren steps closer to me. “Cassandra.”
I step back. “No one knows I call myself that. Never told anyone.”
“You’d have to talk to someone to confide in them.” The reaper steps even closer. “We’re not just anyone.”
There’s a flash in the air, and I could swear the angel dude has actual angel wings.
“Fuck. Merde. What the scheisse was that?”
The reaper laughs. “You still swear in all languages.”
There’s more screaming and a skirmish in the alley below us.
“Syn, grab her now before—”
“Before what?” someone else says.
Behind the angel and reaper are two other guys. Another blonde and dark haired combo that look my age.
The dark haired one is wearing a shiny black suit without a shirt so his naked chest peeks out and taunts me. His blue eyes mesmerize. “Keep it together,” I whisper to myself.
He saunters towards me, and my legs almost buckle in his presence. Why is my body getting ready for him in ways my mind can’t contemplate? If I could tell myself to fuck off, I would.
“I’m Makus,” he says. The leer he gives me makes me think he’s thirty seconds away from banging me against the fire escape - or at least trying before I killed him. 
He grins like he’s used to everyone eye screwing him. “I’ve never had to force you.”
“Never had to? Like that would have been an option?”
He shakes his head. “Never. You know me. I punish, but you find the mixture of pleasure and pain exquisite, and I’d never do anything you didn’t want.”
I hold up my hand before he dives further into creepersville. “Dude, would you hurry up and just fuck off already?”
He winks at me. Yep, the asshole actually winks at me.
“You an angel, too?”
He laughs so hard I think he’s going to piss himself. “Would you describe me as an angel, Ren?”
Ren grimaces. “He was forged in the depths of hell.”
I wait for them to explain. “Is that a euphemism for a specific city?” 
“He’s a demon and an abomination,” the angel spits out.
“Nice to see you too, Ren.” The demon winks at me. Again.
Before I know it, the demon’s side kick is behind me. He holds out his hand to me. “Are you ready, beautiful?”
“Beautiful?” I step back from him. “Dude, you all need to seriously and immediately fuck off. Compliments will only piss me off.”
“I remember.” He laughs. “I’m Sebastian.”
“Bast,” I whisper.
He runs his fingers through his hair. It’s short on the sides and longer on top. “Faux hawk. You were right, Caz, it’s bad ass.”
I step away from all of them. “How do you know me?”
He pulls up his jacket sleeve. “See this?” He shows me a tattoo of a spiral. “Sacred geometry. That’s what you said it was when we got them.”
I look at my own arm with the same symbol. “Fibonacci’s spiral. Fuck. Scheisse. Merde. Shit. Mierda.” I close my eyes. I don’t remember them. “I don’t remember anything.”
“You don’t have to remember us,” Bast says.
Bast. Another gorgeous one. Dangerous. Tempting.
He grins at me as if he can read my mind.
Makus steps beside Bast. “You always did have a soft spot for the warlock.”
“Warlock?”
Bast nods. “You belong to us.”
My breathing stops.
“I apologize,” Bast says. “I meant you belong to us just like we belong to you. We’re part of each other.”
“I take your kidney or something?”
The angel steps forward. “She is ours.”
“Another one of you ass wipes say I belong to you, and you’ll wake up in the hospital on a slow drip.”
Makus grabs his heart. “How I’ve missed you, Caz.”
The warlock continues to study me. His green eyes are so familiar. I close my eyes and see him. All two hundred and forty pounds of muscle. My fingers shake as they glide across his skin. I shudder as his tongue slips inside. I shake my head to stop the images and open my eyes. “Wow. That was intense.”
“We have your soul,” the reaper says quickly, like it’s a game changer.
“You don’t need a soul to be with us,” Bast says.
Before I know it, I back up until I’m standing at the edge of the roof.
I glance down at the alley below. I have no choice and jump.
Chapter 2
I wake up with a start. “Demons. Angels. Warlocks. Reapers.” It’s the same dream I’ve had every night for the past two weeks. I can’t be sure if it’s a dream or a memory. I jump up and stare at myself in the broken mirror. Can’t be choosy when you have to crash in abandoned buildings.
I stare at my hair. Long dark blonde on one side and shaved on the other. I look down at my tattoos and touch the one that matches the warlock’s. “Who are you?” 
I stare into my eyes. The heavy eyeliner makes my light eyes almost appear white. They’re not hollow but ripe, full of memories I can’t remember. From my expression, I didn’t grow up in a cookie cutter world but carved out my existence with blood and tears. Perhaps mine. Perhaps others. 
I feel my heart. Why is it that no matter if I’m running or waking from a nightmare, my heart never beats too fast. Not unless they’re around. 
I stare at my reflection. “Weird not to even recognize yourself. Do I have a soul? Can you feel a soul?”
There’s a noise down the hall. I grab my backpack and glance around quickly. I never leave any trace of myself behind. Collapsed cardboard boxes for my bed. Backpack for my pillow. “I bet they couldn’t even find a fingerprint of me here.”
Pleased with myself, I step to the door and listen. It’s quiet. I open the door, but three guys push in.
I back up. Unfortunately, they’re easy to read. Leeches. Always eager to prey upon the fringes of society. Think we won’t call the cops or make trouble. Well, they’re half right.
I throw my backpack in the corner behind me and roll up my sleeves. It’s easier to get blood off skin than clothes.
Leech One has to do the obvious slow stare from my boots to my face. Of course he detours along certain parts as he licks his lips. 
I sigh. “So fucking predictable.”
He leans in close. “What’d you say, sweetheart?”
Leech Two isn’t so pleasant. He curls his upper lip and growls.
“Cool.”
Leech Three leans against the door. “What do you have in the backpack?”
“The usual. Black market tampons and shit.”
They snicker.
Leech One steps closer. “Some mouth on you. How’d you like to use it to—”
I hold up my hand. “No matter what you say, I won’t shiver or shudder or do that ugly cry  while I freeze in terror.”
Their grins slowly fade. I know what comes next. 
I lower my head and narrow my eyes. They’re my prey, and they don’t even know it. I can read their thoughts. Violence. Degradation. Pain. Begging. I laugh. “You don’t look like the begging types.”
Their eyes widen. It’s always a timing issue. Timed right, I can avoid them, but I have to watch their expressions. They always have a tell between flipping through all their scenarios and choosing the one they’ll try to act out.
If I get distracted, I could get an elbow in the ribs or a fist in my face. Neither of which is pleasant.
Leech One will act first. He’s the leader. His heart starts to beat faster. He thinks he’s reading me. He isn’t. If he could read me, he’d be on his knees begging to live.
He flinches and lunges for me. I duck out of the way in time like they’re in slow motion. It’s been that way since I can remember. Like I said, a month now. I duck this way and that, and they can’t understand why they can’t hit me. Why I’m faster than they are. 
Leech Two tries to grab me from behind. I slip out of his grasp, and he ends up grabbing Leech One. Classic dance.
I spot my backpack. Have to grab and go. This is getting old.
I look back at Leech One. His gaze tells me which direction he’s going to go next so I duck out of his grasp and grab my backpack. One more misdirected lunge, and I’ll be out the door.
I peep at Leech Three who is still at the door with wide eyes. He’s propelled forward when the door busts open. 
The demon and warlock stand there.
Bast smiles. “Hey, beautiful. Having fun with the local wildlife?”
The demon pushes Leech Two away when he tries to hit him. Leech Two hits the wall and makes a dent in the plaster.
Makus shakes his finger at him. “Naughty.”
“You weren’t a dream, were you?”
Bast smiles. “Dreaming about us, Caz? Was I on top this time? Or was it like that time on the kitchen counter? That was hot.”
“I preferred the bathtub.” Makus closes his eyes and smiles at the memory. “That was hot.”
Leech One tries to escape, but Bast shoves him back. “Remember when we had that RV?”
Makus nods. “There’s a lot of nooks and crannies in those.” He grins. “I think we found each one.”
I cringe. “Was I like a porn star or something?”
Bast laughs. “No.”
Makus picks up Leech Three and holds him about two feet above the ground. He studies him and then drops him. Leech Three immediately turns to dust and then disappears. “That one had no soul.”
I blink several times and pinch myself. “I’m really not dreaming, am I?”
Bast notices my backpack. “Yours?”
I nod.
He holds his hand out. “May I?”
I hand it to him. 
He unzips it and rifles through it. “I knew it!” He brings out a candy bar and some chips. “You always have the best snacks.” He rips open the chocolate and then hesitates as he looks at me. “You mind?”
I motion for him to knock himself out.
Leech Two starts screaming. 
Makus covers his ears and snaps his fingers.
Leech Two sits there with tears streaming down his face and his mouth still wide open. No sound emerges.
“Cool trick,” I say. “He still screaming?”
Makus nods. “Oh, yeah.”
I look the leech over. They never look so tough with tears. “Does he have a soul?”
Makus glances at him. “Uh huh.”
“But I don’t?”
“No. The angel and reaper took it. Thinks that will make you go back to them.”
I flinch. “So I was with them?”
Bast nods as he finishes the candy bar and chips and folds the wrappers on top of each other until they’re in a tiny fold. He gingerly puts everything back in my backpack. “You taught me never to leave a trace behind.”
Leech One jumps up and makes a run for the door. When Makus blocks him, he turns around and throws himself out the window.
I shake my head. “Dumbass.”
Bast glances at Makus, and they both laugh.
“You still call them dumbasses when they kill themselves.”
I frown. “Why can’t I remember?”
“The angel and reaper took your memories too.” Makus walks to me and gingerly touches my face.
My heart pounds so fast it’s a wonder it doesn’t snap in two. “You have the most beautiful blue eyes.”
He smiles. “I know.”
I look him over. He’s perfect. Short cropped dark hair, the bluest eyes I’ve ever seen, a confident grin that would make anyone want to drop their panties. “How can you look like that and be a demon?”
He laughs.
“Let me guess, I’ve asked that before?”
Makus nods as he grins. “Every time.”
He’s mesmerizing. Why am I not afraid of either of them? It feels like I’ve known them forever. “So, what’s your usual answer to that question.”
“I’m a demon so I can control my appearance.” He leans close to my ear and whispers. “You like me this way.”
My breath catches in my throat and I instinctively put my hand over my heart.
Makus notices and puts his hand over my heart. Okay, it’s over my heart and part of my boob, but I’ll give him the benefit since he’s mostly feeling up my heart. “Your heart always beats fast around us.”
“Get your hand off her,” a voice orders.
Makus rolls his eyes and sighs.
He moves, and the angel and reaper are standing in the room.
“Does my heart beat faster around you two?”
“Always.” The reaper frowns. “Why? Did they say otherwise?”
I look at them. “Ren and …?”
“Syn,” the reaper says. “The memories will come back to you.”
“They said you took them.”
The reaper glares at the demon and warlock. “We had to. You know that.”
The angel looks out the broken window where Leech One threw himself. He looks at Makus. “Did you do this?”
Makus immediately points to me. “What did you say?”
“Dumbass.”
The angel takes a deep breath. “Poor soul. He needn’t have taken his own life.”
I step back. “Am I that predictable?”
Syn walks over to me. He gently touches my shoulder. “We just know you, that’s all. Did they hurt you?”
Bast laughs. “Look at her. Do you think those foul things could hurt her?”
I study the reaper. Gorgeous. Sad, blue eyes. Tattoos peek out from his white shirt which he really shouldn’t button all the way up. I have to stop myself from licking my lips. “Did we have RV moments, too?” I cringe because I don’t know if I want to know.
Syn blushes. He pushes one of his long blonde curly locks behind his ear. “Our moments weren’t in an RV.”
I blow out a breath, slide down the wall and sit on the floor. “Okay, so …” I study the four. “Is it safe to say I’ve had sex with all of you?”
They all nod.
“Scheisse.” I stand up quickly. “I wasn’t being paid, was I? Because that would be fucking sad.”
Makus has to stifle his laugh. “No, my soulless one, you’ve been many things but never a whore.”
The angel frowns. “You can say prostitute. It’s less jarring.”
Makus makes an exaggerated gesture of contrition.
I grab my head because it’s starting to pound. “Even with an angel? No offense. I mean you’re …” I motion to him. He’s obviously gorgeous with short brown curly hair I can imagine running my fingers through and brown eyes that makes me melt when he looks in my direction. Pouty lips that I could suck on all day. 
I run to the basin and splash cold water on my face. I close my eyes, but I know they’re not going to disappear.
I wipe my face off with my sleeve. “What the hell am I?” I look to each of them. “I don’t care which one answers me, but we’re not leaving this shithole until someone coughs it up.”
Makus smiles. “That’s the Caz I remember. Total bad ass. Take no prisoners. Boots on the ground. Balls to the wall.”
Bast looks me up and down. His eyes could undress me right where I stand. If the others weren’t here, I’d totally let him. “I’ve missed you. Haven’t had my Caz fix since that day in Tucson.” He glances at the angel and reaper. “The day you stole her from us.”
I stomp my foot. “Enough with the demon on angel, reaper on warlock glances. Answer me. What am I?”
Leech Two starts screaming again. 
Ren leans down and studies him. “It’s okay. It’s going to be okay.”
“The guy’s a total fuckwad,” I say. “I saw what he wanted to do to me.”
Bast smiles. “Would you want me to take care of him for you?”
Ren jumps up. “This one’s ours, and you know it.” He looks at me. “Because of this, he’ll change. Be a new person. Help a lot of people. Victims and tormentors.”
I roll my eyes. “Sure he will.”
Bast shrugs and glances at me. “Will the gesture count at least? Put a win in my column?”
I fold my arms over my chest and tap my boot against the floor. “I want the truth. Now. What am I?”
The warlock looks at the demon. The reaper glances at the angel, but no one says anything. 
I wait, but they only stare at me. I wait some more. They’re not going to tell me, and I’m not much for staring contests. I grab my back pack. I know they won’t stop me. I slam the door on my way out. The lock’s broken, and it won’t keep them from following me. It just feels good to slam something.
Chapter 3
I stomp down the hall, down the stairs and out the building. I walk across the street. I know they’re watching me. I can feel their eyes on me. I glance up to the fourth floor window.
Sure enough, the demon and warlock grin at me. Damn demon actually waves. I turn around quickly. I don’t know where the angel and reaper are, but I can feel them. Why do they have that effect on me? Make my heart beat fast? Only when I turn the corner do I know none of them are watching me.
I walk for blocks zig zagging around the city. I continue to walk even though it starts to rain. I have no idea where I’m going. Every once in a while, I feel someone watching me, but I quickly duck into an alley, cross the street, run the other way until I know I’m alone.
After hours of this, I run into a gas station bathroom. I don’t have to use the bathroom. I never do. I stare into the mirror hoping this time I’ll be able to recognize something. Anything.
My stomach aches, and I get that feeling again. I’m not alone. I close my eyes to try to figure out which group found me. “Demon.”
I smile and throw the door open. Unfortunately, it’s not Makus. Someone … something stands there. It looks like a lump of burning flesh. I don’t know if it’s female or male or human or what. Before I know what’s happening or can prepare, it has me by the throat and throws me against the mirror.
I can’t breathe. Can’t think. This thing can’t be read. Can’t be anticipated. I try to pry it’s hand off my throat, but it only tightens it’s grip.
It slams my head against the mirror again breaking the glass. “Choose,” it gargles out.
“One hour. Choose.” It slams me against the mirror again, and I feel blood drip down the back of my neck.
It drops me to my knees and disappears.
I grab my neck, but my skin burns. I jump up and peer into the dirty mirror. My neck is burned from where it grabbed me. “Scheisse. What the fuck?”
I stumble out of the bathroom not wanting to be in tight quarters again. It’s night and raining. Didn’t know I’d been in there for so long. Did I pass out or something? 
I need to keep moving. Something is happening. About to happen. Should be happening. I can’t tell anymore. Everything is off, and I’m all wonky.
I walk down the streets and sense someone following me. Angel. I duck into an alley to escape, but I run right into something and fall on my ass.
I look up. “Angel.”
She smiles. She’s beautiful with the kindest eyes and the—
She grabs me and throws me against the brick wall.
“Hey, what the fuck?”
“Watch your language.” She stares into my eyes. “Choose.” She throws me against the wall again. 
“Let me guess?” I ask. “I have an hour?”
“Choose.” She throws me down to my knees and disappears.
I sit with my back against the wall. I’m not one for tears or worries. I don’t fear. I don’t get anxious. I don’t get hungry. I get pissed. That’s easy. 
“Subtle pricks.”
I get up and walk further down the alley until one of the building’s fire escapes juts out and protects from most of the rain. I sit down and close my eyes. No point walking anymore. Make them come to me. I close my eyes and try to rest until they do.
Chapter 4
I keep my eyes closed even though I know they’re here. Watching me. Leaning over me.
“You going to pretend all night, beautiful?”
My heart beats faster. I hoped it would be them. “The demon and warlock combo.” I open my eyes. “Subtle with the warning.”
Makus raises his eyebrows. “My soulless one, what are you talking about?”
I stand up and feel the back of my head which has finally stopped bleeding. “One of your lovers in the bathroom?”
I whip around to show them my head. “Damned creature threw me against the mirror.” I turn back around, but I can tell by their expressions they have no idea what I’m talking about. “He … she … it was a demon.” I look Makus up and down. “Didn’t have your glamour though.”
He smiles and bows to me. “I appreciate the compliment, but I did not send any demon. If you remembered, you’d know I only work with Bast and you. Other demons tend to be assfucks.” He studies me. “Describe the demon, please.”
I shrug. “All burned and garble voice.”
Makus nods. “Poor thing. A messenger. One of the lowest ranks. They don’t even warrant the proper flesh.” He runs his hand up and down his bare chest.
I follow his hand and wish it was my hand feeling him. “Is that what you look like when your not all …” I motion to him. “Male modely?”
He produces just a hint of a lusty smirk. The guy could flirt with a coma patient. He leans in closer to me. “I’m much more horrific looking than that. Tell me what the messenger said.”
“Told me to choose. Gave me an hour.”
Makus and Bast exchange glances. They don’t say anything, but their expressions make me flinch.
“Then the angel.”
Bast shakes his head like he didn’t hear me right. “Excuse me? An angel?”
I nod. “Beautiful. Not at all like the poor demon. Told me the same thing. Choose. Why do they have to slam my head into something?”
Bast sighs. “They’re trying to get you to remember.”
“Maybe they could buy me dinner or something. Wait for something to jog. I don’t respond to a subdural hematoma.” I think about what I said. “I mean I don’t get them. I give them.”
Makus smiles. It’s not a creepy smile or an all-knowing grin. It’s more a smile of pride or respect. “Something big must be going on for both sides to send messengers.”
I grab my backpack and throw it to Bast. “You can carry it. I’m tired of lugging it around. Why would both sides give a shit about me?”
Makus looks around as if he’s waiting for the angel and reaper to suddenly appear. “Caz, do you really have no idea how important you are?”
I lean in closer to him. “News alert, pretty demon, I have no idea what I am or who I am.”
“We need to get you off the streets before they send the next tier.” Bast motions for me to get a move on.
I appreciate that he didn’t grab me. So many just like to throw their weight around and grab and possess, but Bast didn’t.
Makus leads the way back down the alley and stops in front of an RV. He opens the door and winks at me. “Let’s see if this can shake up some memories.”
I step inside. The angel and reaper are waiting for us.
“What the fuck?” Bast points to the door. “Out.”
Makus looks around. “I stole this fair and square. If you lot have taken anything that Caz would need to get her memories back …” He glances quickly to the kitchen and then blows out a breath. “The kitchen counter is still there. We’ll be needing that.”
Syn’s entire body tenses, and I can tell he’s one inappropriate comment away from doing whatever the hell reapers do.
Ren puts his hand on Syn’s shoulder. “If they’re sending messengers, then Cassandra must choose.”
The reaper breathes easier. “She’ll need both sides in order to make the right choice.”
“Well, sorry, but we don’t do orgies.” Makus grins at me and winks. “Unless you want me to clone myself. That would be hella fun.”
The RV shakes, and a loud whoosh outside slams the RV this way and that like it’s going through a tornado.
“Someone’s not happy,” Makus says.
The angel looks at me. “They want you to make a decision so we can continue our work. Now.”
“What work are we supposed to do?”
No one answers me so I sit down like a petulant child. Alright, it’s a little difficult with the RV churning like it’s got food poisoning, but I’m just that stubborn to pretend it doesn’t bother me. “Nope. I have no memories. I have no soul. There’s no way I’m making a decision based on piss poor facts. So, whoever is out there can fuck off.” I raise my voice at the last part just for fun.
Bast sits down next to me and smiles his usual flirty expression. “You don’t have to decide anything, beautiful.”
“She does,” the angel says, stepping forward.  “I’m sorry, Cassandra, but both sides are sending messengers.”
I shake my head. “Not going to decide until I have all the facts.”
Makus slaps the wall and laughs. “Do you have any idea what your stubborn nature does to me? Or how much I’ve missed you?”
Just then both Syn and Bast grimace and fall to their knees in agony.
I don’t budge from my chair. 
Ren and Makus look at each other and then at me.
“They’re trying to get you to decide,” Ren says. “They’re using our next in commands to force you.”
My insides tense at that word. “Force?”
“Uh oh.” Makus grins and leans against the wall. “My Caz does not take orders.”
I shrug. “Do your worst. Cause I’m not choosing.”
Even through the pain, Bast looks up at me and smiles. “That’s my Caz. Bad ass all the way.”
Blood seeps out of his ears and nose. Syn also is on his knees holding his head.
I wonder how far they will take this. Are they going to explode them? I sigh and stand up. “Okay. How about I don’t make a decision …” I hold up my hand quickly. “But I agree to work with both groups. Two jobs each doing whatever the fuck we all do. Then I decide where I belong.”
Makus’ grin turns devious. “Love it that you didn’t pose that as a question but a statement of fact.”
I wait but neither the warlock nor reaper stop holding their heads or bleeding. The growling outside intensifies as does the shaking of the RV. I sit back down. “Best offer. Take it or you’ll need to find more minions for your angel and demon.”
After a few more minutes of drama, Bast and Syn stand up as if nothing’s happened.
“Sounds good,” Bast says, wiping blood off with his sleeve.
I frown. “Why would heaven or hell care anything about me?”
The four glance at each other.
Makus takes a deep breath, but Ren steps forward. “We’re bounty hunters is how you liked to describe it.”
“You track down souls?”
They nod reluctantly. 
“More to it than that, but yes,” Makus says.
I wait for them to explain further, but they just stare at me. “So, what does that have to do with me?”
The RV starts to rattle again. Ren looks up. “I don’t think they want us to tell you.”
Heat rises from the floor, and I jump onto the chair. 
“Neither does my side,” Makus says. “Let’s just say, you have both of us in you.”
“Ew.” Then it hits me. “Two sides. One good. One evil. I’ve been with all of you …” I still can’t wrap my mind around that. “That’s not part of my job, is it?”
Makus’ eyes dance. “No, unfortunately, but you are a master at it.”
Syn shakes his head. “It means, your soul—”
The RV shakes more as if it will come apart any second.
I get it. No more questions about anything important. “How about I call the demon and warlock Team Hellion?”
Bast laughs. “I like that.”
Ren cringes. “Hellion definitely fits. Are we Team Heaven?”
“Too obvious. We need a more modern take.” I think about both of their names and squish them this way and that. “Team Reapgel.”
Makus chokes. “For reaper and angel?”
I nod. 
Syn curls his upper lip like he’s just tasted mold. “I like Team Heaven better.”
I think about it. “I could go with my original assessment of both of you.”
Ren steps forward and glances between the warlock and demon as if he will do anything to prevent me from saying it. “Team Reapgel is fine.”
Bast gets the hint and leans close to me. “What was your original assessment?”
“Limp dicks.”
Makus laughs so hard I think the roof will fly off the RV. “Team Hellion versus Team Limpdicks. I like that.”
“Team Reapgel is fine,” Syn reminds.
Makus looks the reaper and angel up and down. “Team Limpdicks fits better.”
Ren sighs. “It doesn’t, and Cassandra knows that better than anyone.”
Makus’ grin quickly fades. “I’d hate to have to clean up angel bits. Which one of us are you going to choose first, Caz?”
I look between all of them. “Team Hellion.”
Syn takes a deep breath. Ren’s eyes find the ground as his smile falters.
“Alphabetical order,” I say, trying to soften the blow.
“Sure.” Bast’s grin expands. “That’s the reason.”
In an instant, the angel and reaper disappear.
Makus takes a deep breath. “Thought they’d never leave.”
Bast grimaces and raises his sleeve to show smoke rising from a mark.
Makus leans over to peek. “What’s the job?”
“They etch it into your skin?”
Bast nods.
I look at Makus. “You’re the demon. Why not sketch it in your flesh?”
“Because I’m the demon. The boss.” Makus looks himself over. “My skin is too perfect to flaw.”
I roll my eyes again. I have a feeling I’m going to be rolling my eyes a lot.
Bast studies the mark. To me, it’s just some random symbols, but the way he’s reading it there must be more to it than slashings.
“We’re going to …” He pauses while he moves his arm this way and that. “Reno.”
Makus nods. “We’ll have twenty minutes to kill.” He grins. “Not literally.” His eyes find me. “Whatever shall we do for those delicious minutes?”
I follow Bast’s gaze to the kitchen counter.

Chapter 5
Makus and Bast stalk me. I back up until my back hits the edge of the kitchen counter.
In a second, Makus lifts me onto the counter. Bast is behind me already kissing my neck.
I don’t stop them because they are gorgeous and it’s so familiar and my body really wants them and I need to feel something and damn they’re hot and I want to feel. Wait, didn’t I already say I need to feel something? Anything. Please? “Why don’t I feel emotions for you?”
Makus laughs. “You mean compassion? Empathy? Dare I say love? You feel lust, don’t you?”
Makus puts his hand on the inside of my knee and opens my legs. This is normally the part where blood would spill. Hell, the guy would never even get this close.
Makus quickly pulls me towards him so my legs are on either side of him. 
In a second, he unzips my pants, licks his fingers and slips inside me without pausing to let me react. 
“Fuck me, that feels good.” I lean back, but he pulls me closer to him and kisses me as his fingers reach even further rocking me from the inside out. 
“You feel that, don’t you?”
I nod as every cell in my body reacts to his touch.
Bast reaches around my stomach and immediately pulls my bra down and cups my breast massaging my nipple as he licks the back of my neck.
I try to rock with Makus’ movements, but he keeps my hips in place which is unbelievably hot and painful in the most delicious way. “Is this the pleasure and pain you promised me?”
“Uh huh.”
My gasp fuels his intensity as Makus moves faster and faster taking me right to the edge. I’m hoping he’ll take me over, but without even a hint of a warning, he pulls his fingers out. My hips react by reaching towards him for more. But I’m rewarded by Bast’s fingers who fill me up. Makus moves behind me and pulls my neck back to kiss me.
His tongue slips inside my mouth, and I shudder to think of his tongue actually inside another part of me. I’d never be able to have another thought in my life.
Bast pulls my hips closer to him and allows me to move when he does which sets me on fire as I clench tightly around his fingers. Makus covers my breast with his mouth and licks at my nipple. I tighten my legs around Bast to keep him vacating too early like the demon did.
Bast’s expert fingers move faster and faster as his thumb circles me in just the right place. I can’t remember my name, who I am or what they are. Right now I don’t fucking care. I don’t want them to stop. Ever. I want the demon and then the warlock and repeat. Again and again. 
Bast moves faster and faster as I get close to release. I lean back and loudly gasp as tears stream down my face. I never thought I could actually cry.
Bast pulls his fingers out and leaves me breathing so heavily I think my heart will explode. I don’t want to speak or listen or think or breath.
Makus breaks the spell when he walks back around and jerks my legs roughly towards him. He grabs my jeans and starts to pull them off, but I push him back and jump off the counter. 
Makus whines. “Come on. It’s not like we’ve never done this. Hundreds of thousands … possibly millions of times in every different position in every different way for hours and hours and days at a time.” He starts to move closer to me. 
I put my hand up. “Not until I have my memories back. My soul. I can’t be going only by the word of a demon and warlock. You’re team evil.”
Makus winks. “That we are, and we have such evil ways about us.”
“Thank you for that distraction.” I pause because I’m unable to fully catch my breath. “It was mind blowing, but I shouldn’t. I can’t. I shouldn’t. Right?”
“You should.” Bast whines as his eyes plead. “You need us like we need you.” 
I wouldn’t be shocked if the warlock fell to his knees and begged. That would be pathetic. Hot but not something I want to see. Or do I?
I shake my head. I don’t tell them, but if their fingers can do that to me, the rest of them would kill me.
Makus sighs. 
Bast moves around the counter to stand beside Makus. “If you’re not going to allow us to touch you.” He hesitates and sticks out his pierced tongue. “Not even with this? Remember what this does to you?”
I close my eyes and shudder. “You two would definitely kill me.”
“We are very skilled,” Makus admits. “Last time, you had a six hour orgasm, and we haven’t even gotten to our more tasty and lengthy body parts.”
I roll my eyes again and put my hands on my hips. “I can’t. You smush all my thoughts together, and I have to think. I have to know the truth before I go all dark side with you. At the same time no less.” I walk the whopping two feet to the table and sit down.
“Then no letting the angel and reaper touch you.” Makus shakes all over. “Touching you after they have makes me feel so clean. It’s like they’re making love to you.”
Bast shakes as well. “Who does that?”
I stifle my laugh and watch as they both sit opposite me. “I was going to jump them as soon as I saw them again, but whatever.” Then I realize. “Twenty minutes… tsk tsk tsk. I would have thought you’d need more time.”
Makus and Bast narrow their eyes at me. All of a sudden, I feel this power like I’ve just consumed three dozen espressos and a few thousand cheesy fries. Love those things. 
I feel invincible, still empty inside, but powerful. I look at Makus and Bast. I can see them. Truly see right through the demon and warlock. They really have no souls.
Why is she looking at us that way? Bast asks Makus. 
His lips didn’t move. No sound came out of him. Fuck. I can read their minds. Maybe I can finally get some answers.
Damn she feels so fucking good, and I haven’t scratched that itch in so long, Makus says.
It’s only been like thirty minutes.
That was different. It was a lowly human. More fragile. Not at all like Caz. She can take us no matter what we do. No matter how hard we go. No matter how many times. How many positions. How many ways.
How do I get them off pervy train and back to talking about what or who I am? “You really have no souls,” I blurt out.
They frown.
Makus shows just a hint of a smile. “Your powers are coming back.” Wait until I surge inside you. You’ve never had anyone like me.
I nod and stare at Makus’ chest. “You’re a shell.”
He whips open his jacket. “Care to see more.” I can’t wait until she tastes me. Runs her tongue along my chest. Licks the tip of my—
I cough quickly so I don’t have to hear anymore. “Dust. What would a soul look like?”
Bast shrugs. “Depends on the person. Some are clear. Some have darker spots.” Why doesn’t she want us like she used to?
Oh, she does. Her mind is picturing us. Her heart is racing. When she saw your pierced tongue, I think she came right then.
Makus glances at Bast and nods.
Shit. Do they not know I can read their minds? Is it new or did I never tell them? And if I didn’t tell them, why didn’t I? Or are they toying with me? Dammit. Evil is complicated.
Which one of our tongues do you think she prefers? Makus asks.
Bast grunts. We’ll have to jog her memory as she says, but I figure my tongue. My fingers, but maybe your—
“Why are you two looking at me like that?”
Bast shrugs.
Are they waiting for me to bring it up or do they want to shock me into admitting I can hear them? I know they are doing something, but I have to continue. I have to get as much information as I can. “My soul?” I ask. “Can you tell me about it? What is it? Why did they take it? Why don’t you want me to have it?”
Caz, we’ve had you with your soul and without. Bast tells Makus who chuckles. 
I wait for them to answer me, but they remain silent. I raise my eyebrows. “What’s so funny?”
“Why do you care about your soul?” Makus asks.
“You never had one, did you? Since you were forged in hell’s colon.”
Makus laughs. “I love the way you use that tongue of yours. You want to use it on something else?”
I ignore the demon and concentrate on the warlock. “You were born with one, weren’t you? A soul?”
Bast nods. “Sold it.”
I lean forward. “Like on the black market?”
Makus raises his hand. “To me.”
I sit back and study the demon. His blue eyes flicker when I watch him like he’s waiting for me. What is he waiting for? “You have his soul?”
He nods. “I have many souls at my disposal.”
I narrow my eyes trying to figure things out. “What do you do with them?”
Makus shrugs. “Many things.”
“Vague much?”
He laughs. 
“Do they make you powerful or do you use them in dips?”
Makus licks his lips slowly. “I’m pretty powerful.”
“You are pretty. I’ll give you that.”
He leans closer. “Want to see how pretty?”
“Makeup tips?”
Bast looks down at the mark on his arm. “We’re here.”
I jump up ready to get out of the RV. It’s claustrophobic being trapped with an oversexed warlock and demon. I hear the words in my head. I didn’t even flinch. Why would thinking about a warlock and demon make perfect sense to me? I follow them to the door, but Makus turns around quickly.
“The more you deny us, the more we’ll want you.”
“Noted.” I move past him out the door. I can’t let them know they intimidate me. Not intimidate exactly. More trying to control myself from wanting more of that kitchen counter action. It’s the first time for so long I didn’t have to think. I could just feel. How easy it would be to …
I look back at them quickly to see if they’ve changed expression. Neither of them are grinning or glancing at each other. Their expressions are totally blank.
I look around. We’re in what looks like an empty used car lot. Or maybe just an empty lot with a bunch of used cars for some reason. I start to walk.
“Change of plans.” Bast looks down at his arm. “We’re going to Vietnam.”
“What the hell?”
Makus shrugs. “Happens all the time.” He walk back to the RV.
I wait outside and look around. Could I run? I probably wouldn’t get very far. What if I just passed out? Would they take me to the hospital?
Bast waits and motions towards the door. “After you.”
I hesitate again, but I have no other choice. I have to find out what I am. I walk back in the RV.
Bast slams the door shut, and the RV moves again. 
Back in the sex mobile. I blow out a breath. What to do? What to do? What to do? “I’m assuming we’re not taking roads since Vietnam is on the other side of the world?”
Makus shakes his head. “Portals.”
“And you still don’t have to drive?”
Makus laughs. “Oh, there’s someone driving.”
I glance towards the driver’s seat, but there’s a checkerboard curtain blocking my view. For some reason, I don’t want to know right now.
For an even stranger reason, I wonder what Syn and Ren are doing. Is this how it is? When I’m with one group I miss the other? 
I look around the RV. Obviously not a newer model. There’s a couch slammed against the amazing kitchen counter that’s behind the passenger’s seat. Two chairs opposite that are probably bolted to the floor. Two feet away, there’s a tiny table with one solid bench on either side. And the kitchen. If that’s what it can be called is directly behind the driver’s side curtain.
I sit down in one of the more uncomfortable chairs opposite the couch. I suddenly wish they had magazines or something that would distract me.
Bast sits down in the other chair only a foot from me.
Makus narrows his eyes at me like he’s trying to read me.
“What?” I ask, hesitant to have him studying me so closely.
“Just wondering what’s going on in that beautiful half-shaved head of yours.”
“Didn’t I always have it half-shaved?”
“You did.” Bast continues to keep watch on his arm for any new developments. “It represents you perfectly.”
“How? A girl torn between two rival gangs. One evil. One good.”
Growls return outside as the RV swerves.
“Man, heaven and hell are so testy.”
Makus grins.
Might as well dive right in. “You can’t read my mind? I thought demons might have that ability.”
“No,” Makus says. “I can’t read anyone’s mind.”
Lie number one. Or maybe I should just say, lie since I have no idea how many times they’ve lied to me. “Then what can you do?”
Makus grins. “Let’s go back to the counter, and I’ll show you.”
I don’t follow his gaze. I’m afraid I’ll falter if I see that counter again. “I mean your skills.”
“So do I.”
I blow out a breath. “Are you always like this?”
“Like what?”
I close my eyes and put my head down.
Your starting to piss her off, Makus.
I know. This is how it always starts. If I continue to push her, she’ll want to punish me. She’s always so breathtaking when she demands more and more of us.
I realize my chair moves so I spin like a kid. Unfortunately, I get dizzy after about two spins so I sit with my back to them and my eyes closed. “Is there a …” I stop myself. If I ask for a bedroom, they’ll take it as a sign. If I ask for the bathroom, they’ll assume I want to take a shower with them. I don’t want them to get the wrong idea. Or is it the right idea? “Radio or CD or streaming music?”
Bast shakes his head. “Makus can’t listen to music.”
I look him over. “Some kind of condition?”
Makus smiles, but his smile isn’t benign. It’s full of mischief and deviousness. “It reminds me too much of home.”
“Hell?”
“Screams. The lyrics.” He closes his eyes. “I lose control if I hear it.”
I look to Bast to change the subject. “So, where are you from?”
Bast smiles. She’s stalling. I can feel how much she wants us.
So can I, Makus says. Her body is aching and demanding our attention.
“I’m from Salem. Not originally, but that’s where I died.”
“Massachusetts? Wait. The Salem?”
He nods. “Born 1672. Found my true calling when I moved to Salem.”
I study him. “One of the witches murdered?”
Bast nods. “Linked with an original evil.”
Makus raises his hand. “That would be me.”
“So …” I try to put my mind around everything. “You’re an original demon?”
“One of the first,” Makus says.
“You mean one of the first Lucifer created?”
Makus puts his hand over his heart and takes a deep breath. “Those were good times. I miss him.”
“Lucifer?” I ask.
He nods.
Bast smiles. Why can’t we just take her right now? She didn’t mind it the last time we helped ourselves? She didn’t stop us. Only asked us what took us so long. Then told us exactly what we needed to do to make it up to her.
Makus smiles. I love that memory, but we need to be patient with her. This Caz might not appreciate us doing that. Besides, the longer she makes us wait, the more we can punish her insolence.
One of the perks of being whatever the hell I am is that I don’t blush. My skin doesn’t pucker or goosebump or whatever that’s called. I can sit and stare at them without flinching or blinking. And if you assholes can read my mind … if you even try to force me to do anything I will find a way to send you back to hell in pieces.
They don’t flinch. That means either they can’t read my mind or they are just as stubborn as me. That’s scary. Or maybe it’s a test. Makus originally said he’d never force me. Maybe he was testing me to see if I reacted. Damn them whatever they’re doing or not doing.
Chapter 6
The way they stare at me is unnerving. Makus’ grin becomes even more devilish. 
“How long until we’re in Vietnam?”
“Six hours.”
“Give or take,” Makus adds.
“Give or take what? Portal traffic?”
“Maybe. Do you want to occupy yourself with more distractions?” Makus’ grin becomes legendary now. “Maybe a bed? A shower? The kitchen counter again?”
“Not that you’d want us to get the wrong idea.” Bast grins. “Or the right idea.”
I stare at both of them. “Scheisse. You can read my mind, can’t you?”
Makus nods and leans forward. “I’m sorry you can’t really read our minds. That was just me letting you in and fooling about.” 
“You lied right to my face.”
Makus points at himself. “Demon.”
“So you can read my thoughts? All of them?”
He nods slowly. “Yes, you like it when I’m assertive. No, we’ve never forced you. Tempted you? Yes. Been slightly aggressive with our wants and needs. Fuck, yes. I love it when you try and fail to resist us, and your body is punishing you right now for resisting us with all that burning and throbbing going on in all the right places. Just say the word, and I’ll light you up even farther.”
I wish he wasn’t right. I stand up quickly and glance out the window. It’s like looking out the window of a train. Everything’s sped up and blurry. “Where is this portal anyway?”
Bast laughs. “It’s cute that you’re nervous around us.”
I whip around to face them. “Nervous? I don’t do nervous.” I think about it. “I don’t think I do, do I? So all that chatter back and forth was just to get me to flinch?”
Makus leans forward. “What chatter?”
I sigh and try to keep calm. It will be easier with Ren and Syn I tell myself.
Makus frowns. “Please don’t try to get under our skins by mentioning Team Limpdick. There’s no way they can do to you what we can.”
“Maybe I should just choose them now. Get it over with.”
Makus jumps up and stalks me until my back is against the wall. He puts both hands on either side of my head. “Don’t ever threaten me.”
I laugh. “Bitch, please. If that was your best demon impression …”
Makus narrows his eyes. “Caz, you’ve never seen my best demon impression.”
He leans so close that his lips almost touch mine.
“I said no touching.”
“I’m not touching you, my soulless one.” He leans even closer. “But you won’t be able to resist us for much longer. In fact, I imagine you’ll be begging us to touch you very soon.” His lips move closer to my ear as he whispers. “Touch you with our fingers like we did a few hours ago. That was fun, wasn’t it? We can touch you with our tongues.” He looks down. “Our very large—”
“Is that a challenge?”
Bast sighs. “Seriously, Makus. You had to say that. You know how stubborn Caz is.”
Makus laughs and walks away. “Don’t worry, Bast, she can’t resist us. Her body demands our touch. She’s aching. She wants to feel.”
“Feel this, asshole,” I say as I flip him off. Yes, it’s childish, but it feels good.
Bast laughs. “Deserved that, demon.”
Makus stares at Bast. “Remember who has your soul and remember what I can do with it.”
All of a sudden, a chill descends as Bast’s expression changes from pure bad ass to fear. He stares down at the ground and only glances at me once.
I don’t think I’m the type to revel in the sticky, so I drop it. Just kidding. “The hell was that about?” 
Bast shakes his head. “Nothing. Not important.”
Makus continues to stare at Bast. “Not important? Like your heart hasn’t just ramped up.”
Bast studies his arm. “It’s still Vietnam. That hasn’t changed.”
“Didn’t ask that, did I warlock?” Makus continues his glare at the warlock like he’s waiting for Bast’s penance.
I walk closer to Makus and wait until he looks at me. “Do I detect a snag in the demon warlock bromance?”
Makus tries to stifle his grin because he’s still angry. “Listen, Caz, unless you’re prepared to drop your panties for us. Again. I suggest you drop the subject.”
I raise my hands. “Oooh. Sensitive demon.”
He turns around quickly, and his expression isn’t playful but very serous. I know I should drop the subject, but without a soul I have no sense of danger. I just realize what that means. That might be dangerous. But if I don’t know it’s dangerous, is it still dangerous?
Makus sighs. “Caz, you must get your memories back. You’re going to give me a migraine with all that back and forth thinking.” 
“How could you feel pain? You’re a demon.”
Makus grins. “You know I don’t feel pain. No matter how often you tried to make me feel it. It is agonizing when you clench tightly around me and forbid me from pulling out even though your delicious insides must ache from taking in all of us.”
“I bet the angel and reaper don’t sit around and compare lengths.”
“That’s the real Caz.” Bast chokes. “Fearless.”
Makus nods. “You’re coming back to us. You know it. We know it. You’ll give in to us like you always do. You can’t resist us. You’re coming back to us.”
I get as close to Makus as I can and stare into his impossibly brilliant blue eyes. I raise my hand and almost touch his face. “But will I stay? That’s the question.”
The demon sighs. “You remember how to torture us. That’s for sure.”
“How much longer?”
Bast looks at his arm. “Six hours.”
“You said that like six hours ago.”
“Did I?” He grins. “Then I guess we’re here.” He jumps up as Makus opens the door to the RV.
I peek out. “It’s the same used car lot in Reno.”
“Is it?” Makus peers around. “Huh.”
I stop myself from getting upset. This is just what they want.
“Oh, it is.” Makus looks me up and down. “We wanted to give you some more time to torture yourself into thinking you can resist us.”
Makus stays in the doorway as Bast boxes me between them.
“I thought we were supposed to go to Vietnam?”
“Were we?” Bast looks at Makus. “Did I say Vietnam?”
“I think you did. But it’s always been Reno.”
I shake my head. “Let me guess. You two lie and manipulate while it’s all truth and rainbows with the reaper and angel.”
Makus puts his hand over his heart. “Whenever you bring those two up, I get a sad.”
I wait for them to move, but they don’t. “You going to let me through?”
Makus’ eyes flicker. “I haven’t decided yet.”
Bast moves closer to me. I can feel his breath on my neck. “What will you give us to move?”
“How about I let you keep your balls? Otherwise I’ll add them to my collection.”
Makus laughs and moves. “Damn, the things you do to my insides, girl.”

Chapter 7
I step outside. It feels like it’s about a thousand degrees. Dust scatters through the air like confetti. “So, how does this work?”
They both stand with their arms behind their backs and look at me. 
“You tell us,” Bast says.
I close my eyes. For once I know they’re not just pissing me off. This is what I do. I don’t know why, but I know it. I concentrate. My head moves to the left, and I open my eyes. “He’s in the office.”
They walk over to the office. I’m surprised they’re so determined. They definitely have their game faces on. At least they’re professional. Is that how I would describe a demon and warlock when they are about to …? I have no idea what they’re about to do.
Bast glances at me and grins. “I love how your mind works.”
The door is open about an inch, and much of the outside dirt has swept inside the office. We step in. “Place looks abandoned.” I wouldn’t be surprised if tumbleweeds flew by.
Bast studies the shelves which are overflowing with various machine parts. He runs his finger along a shelf and holds up how many inches of dust he’s just collected. “I hate it when humans have no pride.”
Makus nods.
The counter is littered with loose papers, empty coffee cups, various keys, and mostly dirt. “Nice.”
Makus notices a bell on the counter and slams his fist down on it. The sound reverberates through my spine and continues to whine for several minutes bouncing around the room in a demented echo. 
I lean over and stop the bell from continuing.
“You could have asked me to stop the insidious noise.” Makus grins. “I love it when you order me to do things.”
I hear something moving in the back office. If this is the public place, what the hell does the back office look like?
A glass breaks. Boxes shift. Various swear words merge together. Then, a large man who definitely needs a larger t-shirt throws himself to the counter and grunts. He looks like he’s on the eighth day of a two day binge.
Bast studies his arm. “Peter Young?”
The man rubs his overly stubbled face and yawns. “Who the fuck is asking?”
I like this guy already. I’ve definitely greeted people like that before. Lay it out on the table, and everyone knows where everyone stands.
Makus glances at me and grins. He leans closer to me. “I don’t think I could be any more turned on right now.”
Bast reads the symbols on his arm. “The Peter Young brought back to life December 17, 2003?”
The man stops his yawning and stares at each of us. I hear his heart beating faster.
“What do you want?” He starts to back up before his gaze finds the bat behind the counter.
Makus shakes his head at him.
Peter grabs it anyway. Before he’s able to fully grasp the bat and swing, Makus is a blur as he’s behind Peter in an instant. 
Peter whips around and looks at Makus. “What the hell are you?”
Makus grins. “About that.” His eyes turn pure black and then red.
Peter jumps back and falls over the trash can.
All I can think is why is there a trash can here and why hasn’t it been used? Filth would be embarrassed by this place.
Peter backs up until he hits the wall. “Please. You’re one of them, aren’t you? I need more time.”
Makus leans over him. “I do hate the begging and pleading.” He stretches his neck this way and that. “My beautiful soulless one, what do you see of our friend here?”
All eyes are on me. I take a deep breath and look at Peter. I look at him, through him. I can see his past. “You were a total shithead, weren’t you?”
Peter nods while tears stream down his face. 
“What else do you see, Caz?” Bast asks.
I look closer. Peter was a Low Thief. Don’t know how I know that term. Never hurt anyone physically. He stole, cheated, stole more. “Even stole from your grandmother.” I narrow my eyes. “Your mother. Her rent check. She was thrown out. Your sister’s money for your niece’s medicine. She ended up in the hospital.” 
Makus slowly stands up and looks at Bast. “What’s the bounty?”
Bast studies his arm. I lean over to look because to me it’s a symbol. A black smudge mark. The more I study, it actually starts to make sense. The mark shifts as words, symbols, images appear. Bast notices I’ve suddenly taken an interest and moves his arm more so I can see. “Can you read it, beautiful?”
“They want his soul.”
Bast smiles. “Everything’s coming back to you.”
“So, I’ve been able to read that before?”
Bast nods, but then his expression quickly turns devious. “Sometimes, the message isn’t on my arm but on more interesting places. You always like those.”
I step back. “You two are full on all the time, aren’t you?”
Makus slams his hand on the counter and laughs. “Only with you, Caz. Full on, no off switch, always ready, all the time.” He touches the counter again. “We can quickly clean this off if you want to try this one. I can put everything on the table like you just said. Although …” he studies the counter like he’s working on the logistics. “Not sure if all of me could fit up here.”
Peter tries to use the perv break to slip away. Unfortunately, neither Peter nor the office is meant for stealth. He slips on several pieces of paper and slams on the ground with a thud.
Makus nonchalantly looks back at Peter. “That’s unfortunate.” He leans close to him and wipes blood off Peter’s head. “I’d say this was going to leave a mark, but you’ll be plenty marked where you’re going.”
Peter’s eyes widen. “Please. I can’t go back there.” He tries to slip away, but Makus steps on his leg which stops him.
“What else do you see, Caz?”
I look closer at Peter. I see contrition. Forgiveness. Amends. He’s married. A baby on the way. He’s good. Dirty. Needs a bath. Needs several baths. Definitely mouth wash. “He’s turned his life around.”
Makus flinches. “That’s one of the scariest phrases in any language.”
I look into Peter’s pleading eyes then glance down at the floor and back at Makus. “You’re about to soak in his piss.”
Makus looks down and jumps back. “Humans.”
Just then the door opens, and a woman looks at us with wide eyes. I know from seeing the images in Peter’s mind that she’s his wife, Janey. She’s also seven months pregnant. “Merde.”
Bast quickly looks down at his arm. 
I glance over as the marks swirl around. “They can’t be serious.”
Makus grins. “They are always serious.”
I motion to her. “She’s pregnant.”
Makus and Bast look at me as if I’ve suddenly turned into a squid.
Bast shrugs. “The orders are clear.” He grabs the woman.
I rush to Peter. “They are going to kill her. You have to go willingly.”
Peter shakes his head. “I can’t. I can’t go back.”
Makus wipes his hands together. “Sometimes human smell just doesn’t come off.” He glances down at Peter. “You realize what this means, don’t you?”
Peter nods.
“Peter,” the woman screams. “What’s going on? Who are they?”
Bast holds Janey in a headlock. When I look into his eyes, I know what he’s going to do.
“Peter, I saw your life. You’ve turned everything around. Don’t let this happen. So, you slipped. You can get your sobriety back. Make things right.” I look at his wife. “Janey, it’s alright. He’ll do the right thing.”
Makus snorts. “You don’t even believe that, Caz.”
I look back at Peter. “Look at me.” When he finally makes eye contact, I plead with him. “They’ll take her life. She’s pregnant. Your child. You’ll kill your wife and your child to have a few more years?”
Peter looks into his wife’s eyes. “I’m sorry. I can’t go back there. Not just yet. I need more time.”
“There’s no coming back from this.” I stand up and shake my head. “There’s nothing you will ever do to make this right. No atonement. Ever.”
“Peter,” the woman screams. “Please—”
Bast snaps her neck, and she falls to the ground.
Makus closes his eyes and leans his head back. “Delicious.”
Bast pulls me off Peter. I hadn’t even realized I’d lunged for him. Bast picks me up like I weigh nothing. I mean seriously how strong is this guy? He takes me out the door and puts me down in the parking lot and stands in front of me. I can hear Makus’ laughter.
“What happened?”
Bast frowns. “You tried to kill him.” He shrugs. “It happens.”
“So, that’s it? That’s what we do?”
Bast nods. “Sometimes they can make a deal. A soul for a soul.” He glances back at the office. “In his case …”
“Two souls?”
Bast looks at me. “He’ll suffer for that.”
I pace and fume. I have no idea the thoughts that are going through my mind. They’re jumbled. Out of order. I close my eyes as my head starts to pound. I open my eyes when I think I’m calm enough for a rational question, but I’m not in the Reno parking lot anymore.
I don’t see Bast or Makus. I’m staring out of a floor to ceiling window at a forest. As far as the eye can see, wood surrounds me.
Someone clears his throat behind me and I turn around to see the angel and reaper watching me.
Chapter 8
We’re in a cabin. “Is this like a cabin in the woods where scary shit happens, sex ensues and then we all die horribly as a warning against teenagers having sex?”
The reaper looks at me and frowns. “No.”
I jump when I hear an eagle screech outside. The bird lands right on the balcony and drops a mouse back to it’s nest. The mice waves at the eagle before it hugs it’s mouse family and disappears into a hole in the side of the house. The eagle winks at me and flies away.
I blink about a thousand times before I turn around. “Is this heaven?”
Syn and Ren look at me and smile. It’s not the leering can’t wait until you drop your panties leer that Makus and Bast greet me with. It’s the kind smile that you’d give a librarian or your grandmother.
Ren narrows his eyes. “I do not think I’ve ever looked at you as if you were my grandmother.”
“Do you even have a grandmother?”
“No.”
“You can read my mind too?”
They both nod. 
I brace myself. “The demon and warlock are …” I don’t know quite how to describe them to an angel and reaper.
“Sexually charged without an off switch?” Ren asks. 
I step back. “Didn’t know angels could talk like that.”
“Always taunting you with memories you don’t have?” Syn asks. “About what you three did together?”
I wait, but they don’t leer or grin or look me up and down. “But you two aren’t like that?”
Syn shakes his head. “With us, it wasn’t physical.”
“It wasn’t just physical,” Ren interrupts.
Syn nods. “It was … It is love.”
“Love?” I frown. “Am I capable of love?”
Ren puts his hand over his heart. “What did those fiends tell you?”
I thought about my conversation with the demon and warlock. “It was mostly fingers and panties and tongues and their large …” I stop when I see the angel and reaper with the strangest expressions.
I throw myself down on the couch and realize it’s the most comfortable thing I’ve ever known in my life. I could sleep on this forever.
In an instant, Ren has a pillow and blanket and motions for me to lie down. “You’re safe here, Cassandra.”
As I look into his eyes, I trust him. Completely. Totally. I lie down and watch them. Even as my eyes do the slow blink dance, I still watch them.
Syn leans over me and drags some of my hair from my face. “You don’t have to keep your guard up around us. You never did. You can be yourself.”
+++
I open my eyes and jump up. Where?
“How’d you sleep?”
I quickly turn around to see Ren and Syn sitting at an oversized table looking over papers. I turn back around to the window to see a couple of rabbits nibble on some lettuce as they swing in a very small hammock and watch me. Three wolves stand beside them and stare at me. The wolves grin, paw at the window, and run away. A hummingbird taps gently and flies away. I blink again. “Right. Cabin in the heavens.”
Ren laughs. “Everyone’s curious about you.”
I walk over to the angel and reaper. In front of them several spreadsheets taunt me. “You do spreadsheets?”
Syn nods. “It’s more civilized with us.”
Ren hands me a glass of water. “We don’t need burns into our skin to tell us our next job.”
I sit down quickly and nibble on my lip as I remember Peter and his wife. Or what he let Bast do to his wife and unborn—
Ren gasps. “His wife was pregnant?”
Syn stares at me like he’s reading what happened. He puts his hand on my arm. “You tried to convince him to do the right thing.”
I look down and nod. “I saw how he turned his life around. How could he sacrifice his wife and unborn child for just a few more years?”
Ren folds his hands and chants something barely above a whisper.
I look to Syn.
“Praying for their souls,” he whispers.
“Good. They’ll need it.”
Ren sighs. “His wife and unborn daughter are innocent, but …” he reaches into his shirt and grabs a gold cross. “Peter Young’s soul is beyond our reach now. He will suffer greatly.” He looks at me with tears in his eyes.
I flinch when I think how Makus seemed to get a thrill out of Janey’s killing, but Ren has such sympathy.
Syn takes a deep breath and gently folds the spreadsheets perfectly. “He’s a demon, and the warlock is one of the worst we’ve ever encountered.”
My heart starts to race as I look at the angel and reaper. “But I chose them over you?”
Ren looks at Syn and then grabs his cross tighter. “There were circumstances.”
Syn clears his throat. “What we do …” He hesitates. “You had some issues with a case.”
I try to figure out what I would have an issue with. “So, their job is to send souls back to hell or first to hell or whatever. And yours is to protect the pure souls?” I look at the angel and reaper. That would fit since they look so pure and innocent.
Ren laughs a bit. “I’m not quite that innocent.”
I shrug. “After being cooped up with the demon and warlock, I’ll settle for no games. No lying. No lifting me to the counter and trying to …” I get a buzz just thinking about them. Their fingers. Their tongues. I stop when the temperature in the room plummets. “Sorry. I made a rule for no touching.”
Ren and Syn both blow out a breath. “That’s a relief,” they say in unison.
I jump up and don’t know why but find myself at the kitchen counter. Such great memories. I turn around, and Ren and Syn are right there.
“Am I known for kitchen counters or something cause it’s super weird.”
Ren lifts me to the counter. “Did you think we didn’t see what they did to you?”
I bite my bottom lip. “Seriously? You’re going to do exactly what they did?” I don’t know why I think an angel couldn’t, but maybe I need proof.
Ren smiles and pulls me towards him. “I think it’s only fair to properly compare the two groups. Don’t you Syn?”
Syn nods. “Oh, yeah. It’s only fair to Cassandra. Is that what you want us to do?”
I nod.
“Are you sure?” Ren asks. He grins and holds up two fingers. “Care to do the honors?”
I open my mouth, and he puts his fingers inside. He takes a deep breath as he slowly draws his fingers out as my tongue glides across them. 
Quick as a flash, he unzips my jeans and slips his fingers down and barely inside me. “Let me know when you’re ready.
I arch my back instantly. “You can feel I’m ready.”
“I am trying to be polite.” He slips his fingers completely inside me.
“Damn, you are super skilled for an angel.”
Syn gently moves my head to face him. “We’ve missed you so much.”
“How much?” I ask.
He grins and kisses me.
Ren reaches further inside as he pulls my top up and my bra down and sucks on my nipple. 
I gasp. “Do not know why I insist on wearing a bra.”
Ren controls my hips and moves in sync with his rhythm. I’m impressed I don’t have to do anything but feel how good this is. I just want this. Only this.
Ren pushes as far inside me as he can. His touch is strong but not forceful. Just the right speed. 
“Perfect.” I rock my hips with his movements as we get faster and faster until my eyes roll in the back of my head, and I gasp.
Ren’s movements slow, and he pulls his fingers out.
Just as quickly, Syn slides his fingers inside.
“You’ve done this before, haven’t you, reaper?”
Syn smiles. “Only a thousand times with you. Do you like this?”
I nod as Ren kisses my neck and then finds my mouth.
Syn pulls me closer to him. “Put your legs around me like you did that filthy warlock.”
I comply and tighten my grip on him as I clench around his fingers.
They take turns kissing me in with the best choreography I’ve ever seen. 
“Aren’t we better than they are?” Syn groans.
I’m not sure of anything at the moment, but I nod. “Don’t stop.”
“Not until you want us to,” Ren whispers.
That makes me want to do more with them than I did with Team Hellion, but I know what that would mean when I return to them.
Syn circles his thumb in just the right place to send me right to the edge before he pauses giving me torturous time to slow my breathing until his thumb finds the spot again, and I’m pushed right to the edge again. He does this over and over until I think I’ll scream.
When he stops again, I clench tighter, and he takes a deep breath. “You want me to finish?”
I bite my lip and nod. I don’t think any intelligent sound would come out of me.
This time he doesn’t stop until my entire body arches. I grasp the edges of the counter and blow out the breath I didn’t know I’d been holding in. I ache when he slowly pulls his fingers out.
Syn puts my legs together and zips up my pants. “We can only do what each other does and no more. No matter how much more I want, I won’t let them take advantage of that.”
Ren gently kisses me. “We won’t let that happen.”
I sit on the counter for awhile as I recover. “Do not know why I thought that would be pervy. I mean maybe it’s pervy with two guys at the same time, but totally worth the perv mileage.”
When I think I can actually make sense of my thoughts, I decide to ask them some questions. I climb down off the counter, pat it like I’m thanking it and join them back at the table. “So, what was the issue I had?”
Ren and Syn squirm in their chairs. Each one starts to say something and stops and looks at the other.
I hold up my hand. “Look, I’m not into games or secrets. I just want to know. I’m not going to beg you to tell me. I’m not going to get all sniffly and stomp around and pout. You’re just going to trust me enough to tell me the truth.”
Syn smiles. “I have missed you. Did I tell you that?”
I look into his green eyes and push one of his curls back behind his ear before I stop myself. “Sorry. I don’t know why I did that.”
He blushes. “It’s fine.”
“No. I can’t be expecting everyone to not touch me and then be all grab ass with you.”
He touches my hand before I can jump up from the table. “You didn’t exactly grab my ass which you can do at any time.”
I relax a little and fold my hands tightly just to prevent them from wandering into the naughty. “Truth.”
Ren takes a deep breath. “It was a hard case.”
I nod. “I expect they’re not all mice saving eagles and friendly wolves.” I motion for him to continue. “Wait.”
They look at me as if I’m about to implode.
“Were those wolves?”
Ren’s eyes widen. “What did you think they were?”
I shake my head. Okay, I can’t expect to be all dodgy with them but expect them to spill everything with me. “Shifters?”
Syn puts his hand over his mouth, but some laughter does spill out. “Sorry.”
“They are wolves,” Ren says, with a very devious but playful grin. “Pure wolves.”
I nod and motion for him to continue. “Hard case.” 
Ren’s grin quickly disappears as his eyes fill with remorse. “Young girl.” He quickly looks at me. 
I’m not sure if he’s waiting for me to stop him or to suddenly remember.
I nod for him to continue. “Hard case. Young girl.”
Syn jumps up and walks to the kitchen sink but doesn’t turn on the faucet or anything. He drops his head.
Ren watches Syn but continues. “Nine years old. Her attackers …”
My blood stops as my mind spins in a thousand different directions. Nine years old. They broke her. What they did to her. Cretins. Bastards. Five of them. They laughed and taunted and high-fived each other while she cried and begged and pleaded with them to stop.
Before I know it, I want to leap from the table. Ren gingerly places his hands over mine. “It’s okay,” he says.
I look into his eyes. “You pleaded with me. I wanted to kill them. Kill them all.”
He nods.
Syn walks back to the table and sits down. “I never… we never wanted that.”
Ren shakes his head. “It was our orders. If we didn’t …”
I look at them. “You gave them her soul, didn’t you? Makus and Bast got her soul. And her attackers were allowed to live. To get away with what they did.”
Ren bows his head and nods. “It’s the worst case we ever had. And we lost you because of it.”
“What did she ever do to have her soul sent to hell?”
Syn clears his throat. “She was pure. It was a deal made.”
“We didn’t know about it at the time,” Ren says. “It wasn’t our decision.”
“But you allowed them to take her?”
Ren and Syn look down at the table as they nod.
“And I went to Makus and Bast, and they gave me what I wanted.”
Ren nods. “They allowed you to kill them. Send their souls to hell.”
“You remember all that?” Syn asks.
I shake my head. “Not all of it, but I’m beginning to know myself enough to know what I would have done. Why did she have to be sent to hell?”
Ren looks at me with such remorse that I know he’s trying so hard not to say something.
I open my mouth to ask more, but I can’t find the words. I put my head to the table and cry.
Both of them touch my shoulder, and I feel their strength, but I can’t stop myself from crying. I don’t know why I’m crying. Something about that case, but I’m not sure I have all the pieces. I feel the anguish I must have had that day.
After what seems like hours and so many tears I think I can fill up all the oceans three times, I raise my head. “She was like me, wasn’t she?”
Ren nods.
Syn wipes my tears away. 
“I’m half-good half-evil, aren’t I?”
Ren’s glance at Syn tells me I’m right. 
I feel my heart. “Half my soul was created in heaven, and half forged in hell.” 
Chapter 9
“I need it back. My soul.”
The angel nods. “When you decide.”
“That’s fair. I wouldn’t need it if I worked for Team Hellion.” I look around the cabin. “They have an RV. How do you get to your jobs?”
Syn motions to Ren. “Angels arrive at locations just by thinking about them.”
“That’s handy.” Then I think about all of it. “Can demons?”
Ren presses his lips together. “They can.”
“Then why the RV?” I know the answer even before the words leave my mouth. “It’s their lair. I get it.” I don’t want to know more about that or my role in it.
“It’s different with you.” I look at both of them. “When I was with them, I thought about you. I missed both of you even though I don’t remember.”
Ren leans closer to me. “And now that you’re with us … do you miss them?”
“Parts of me miss them.” I shake my head quickly. “That’s not what I mean. Not body parts or anything. Being with them is …” I shrug. “They’re very—”
“Sexual?” Syn asks.
I nod. “You noticed. Yeah, I mean even at the job. At first I thought they were going to be professional, but then they veer right back into the perv lane. They don’t seem to have an off switch. Not that I’m complaining.” I notice they both flinch, so I get up and walk around the room. “It’s so peaceful here.” Then I glance around. Sofas. Chairs. “Did we actually do the deed here?”
Ren laughs. “Yes, we actually had sex here.”
I wish I could remember more about myself. “Is that how I was? Just throw down with anyone?”
“No,” Syn says quickly. “Not anyone. You’re connected with us. Unfortunately, you’re connected with them.”
“Because I’m half-evil and half-good?”
Syn nods. “Plus, you’re part of us.”
I try to figure that out. “How?”
Syn takes a deep breath and walks closer to me. “Ren and I are the best of our kind.”
I glance over at Ren who watches me closely. “Top of the angel and reaper teams or top of your soul saving group?”
Syn contemplates my question. “Both?” He glances at Ren who nods his agreement.
“Let me guess …” I say. “Team Hellion are the top of the demons and warlocks class.”
Ren nods and gets up and stands beside Syn. I notice how close they are to me. “Are you afraid I’m going to get upset? Try to find those wolves? Have that friendly eagle fly me to freedom?”
Ren takes my hands in his. I flinch at the contact. I can’t imagine Team Hellion ever doing that unless it was to guide my hand someplace naughty. I shake my head to try to quiet my own mind.
“You’re different with us.”
“Because I had my soul?” I think about it. “Do I get the whole soul? Good and bad parts or just good when I’m with you so I’m literally half a being?”
Syn blows out a breath. “I don’t remember you quite so inquisitive.” He closes his eyes. “They have a job for us.”
They go over to the table and gather more papers together.
“So, how am I part of you? Was I part of your class?”
Ren puts his hand out to me. “Grab my hand and Syn’s, and I’ll get us to the location.”
I start to reach out to him but stop myself. “Are you going to answer my questions?”
Ren hesitates. “I’m afraid of how it will sound.”
I shrug my shoulders. “Won’t know until you cough out the words.”
“You were created for us,” Syn says as quickly as he can.
I look down at the ground. “Am I even my own person or just some chew toy to be fought over?”
Ren grabs my hand. 
In a flash, we’re standing in an alley. I look around. Dumpsters. Trash. It’s an alley. “Okay, I guess all alleys are the same. Where are we?”
“Baton Rouge,” Ren says while looking around. He looks at Syn. “What’s the name?”
Syn closes his eyes like he’s listening. “Dashonda Wilkers. Deacon at her church. Choir leader. She’s opened her home to runaways, the homeless, addicts.”
“That’s not smart.” I catch myself. “Why would I say that? Because it’s true?” I shake my head. Now I’m questioning and answering myself like my own private interrogation.
Ren and Syn look at each other. They don’t say anything, but their expressions are tinged with worry.
Ren waits. “Are we in the right alley?”
Syn looks around. “Why are we always just shy of our location?”
A woman screams, and I follow Ren and Syn who run down one alley and head into another. When we arrive, a woman, mid-60s, is backing away from three men.
She hands them her purse. “Take it. You look like you need it more than me.”
“Come on,” I say. “No good deed goes unpunished.” I put my hand over my heart. “What is happening to me?”
Ren and Syn reach the three men who have turned around and faced them.
One of the men looks strung out. He’s practically drooling. His movements are jerky, and, oh good, he has a knife. “This ain’t your problem, man.”
Ren holds his hand up. “Steady your heart, Dashonda. It’s going to be okay.”
She frowns. “How do you know me?”
“Everyone knows Miss Dashonda,” one of the other men says. “We don’t want to do this, but I got to get something.” He scratches at his arms which look like bloody pincushions. 
I have to stop myself from lunging at him and throwing him across the alley. I so want to hurt him. I want to watch him bleed. Watch his soul flee his body.
Syn glances at me with wide eyes. “We are not here to hurt anyone. Why don’t we try to talk this out.”
Totally deserve that. Have I always been this violent?
Ren looks at me and shakes his head.
Great. A new development. How nice.
The knife man shakes. He starts to lower his weapon and then raises it again quickly. “Who are you?”
Gad, this guy’s slow. Then I realize he’s not looking at us. He’s looking down the alley. I don’t want to look. I know who it is.
“Hello, my soulless one.”
I close my eyes. “Fuck.”
Ren blocks their way. “What are you doing here, Makus?”
Makus leers at me. “Had a job.”
Bast looks me up and down and lifts up his arm. “Read this, Caz.”
The symbols merge into words and images. I read everything while Bast gently pushes my hair back behind my ear. “No.” I move in front of Dashonda. “You will not take her.”
Makus puts his hand over his heart. “Oh, Caz. I love it when you go all dominatrix. Makes my insides all swirly.”
The one with the knife lunges for Makus. In one swoop, the man is turned into ash and then disappears. The other two men with him jump back and run into themselves trying to get away.
Makus casually steps out of their escape, but Bast manages to slyly put his foot out just in time to trip one while the other escapes. The man face plants and hits his head while Makus and Bast laugh like fiends.
“What are you doing?” Ren asks.
Bast grabs the man and throws him against the wall. He points to him. “Stay.”
I turn around and look into Dashonda’s eyes. She’s pure. Never did anything wrong to anyone. Ever. She’s terrified. Blinking so fast thinking that will either help or explain. It won’t. I put my hands on her shoulders. “It’s okay. You’ve been working so hard. You haven’t eaten. You haven’t been checking your blood sugar levels.”
She breathes faster and tries to push her glasses up. 
I grab her glasses quickly. “And your prescription is what …” I study them. “More than five years old?”
She nods.
I shake my head. “Makes you see all sorts of smudges that aren’t they, don’t they?”
Syn walks over to us. “That’s good, Cassandra. Good thinking.”
“You thought you saw someone in trouble out in the alley.” Syn touches her arm. “You did. That’s just like you, isn’t it?”
Dashonda nods and starts to calm down a bit.
“And then you tried to help those men,” I say, reminding her of a different version of events. One that will make much more sense to her than a measuring contest between heaven and hell.
Dashonda nods again. “They just looked hungry.” Then she looks past us to Makus and Bast.
Makus winks and waves at her. “How are you doing, sweetheart? Wouldn’t you like to come with us? We only bite if asked.”
Ren steps in front of Dashonda blocking her view of the reaper and warlock. “What was your job?”
Makus and Bast look at each other and grin.
They want her soul. I say to myself knowing Ren and Syn will read my mind.
Ren glances at me. “You can read what was on his arm?”
I shrug. “Can’t you?”
Ren shakes his head. 
I look at Syn who also shakes his head.
“How is that possible?”
“Because you’re part of us, Caz,” Bast reminds. “You’re ours.”
I would definitely like to know which raffle they all won me in so I can burn the place to the ground.
Makus cackles.
Ren and Syn share yet another troubling look to which they refuse to verbalize.
Makus only laughs harder. “Poor Team Reapgel. Always at the back of the line for everything.”
I turn around to face them. “You can’t have her. She’s not yours.”
“But you are.” Makus runs his hands through his very short, dark hair and rubs his hands together. “I do love a challenge, Caz. Tell me what you’ll give us in return for her soul.” His blue eyes hold so much mischief I’m surprised they aren’t bulging out.
Makus puts his hand over his mouth to suppress his giggle. “The things you think about me, Caz.”
Syn steps forward. “Don’t talk to her like that.”
Bast puts his hand over his heart. “The poor lovesick reaper.” He makes a gesture with his fingers over his face like he’s simulating tears. “So sad.”
Ren shakes his head. “Cassandra is not promising you anything. She’s telling you what is not going to happen.”
Makus stares at Ren and twists his fingers in the air. Ren drops to his knees in agony.
I jump back. “What are you doing?”
Syn immediately stands in front of Dashonda and whispers something. She closes her eyes and starts to pray. He looks at me. “She can’t see what we all are. If she does, she’ll be taken.”
I look at Makus. “How can you hurt an angel? How is that possible?”
“Oh, Caz,” Makus’ eyes narrow at me. “You need to remember how powerful I am and especially what I can do to you.”
“It’s okay, Ren,” Syn says. “Dashonda has her eyes closed.”
Ren immediately stands up. Makus smiles and shakes his arms out like he’s preparing for what’s to come. Ren snaps his fingers, and Makus disappears.
Bast shakes his head. “Naughty angel. You know that will only piss Makus off.”
I look around. “Where’d he go?”
Ren wipes his hands off. “Back to hell where he belongs.” He walks over to Dashonda. He whispers something to her and she opens her eyes. In just the briefest of seconds, Ren’s angel wings appear.
Dashonda smiles broader than I think I’ve ever seen anyone smile. She nods, and Ren walks her out of the alley.
Bast makes an attempt to step in front of them, but I anticipate it and block his view while Ren and Dashonda leave.
Bast looks me over. “Hello, beautiful. Something you want from me?” He rubs his arms, and the symbols that were there disappear.  He puts his arms out. “Cause I’m all yours. You can take me right here in the alley if you want. Do anything to me. Do everything to me.”
Syn rolls his eyes. “Please.”
Bast laughs but points to the man he’d thrown to the wall. “What about him? Caz, did you see into him?”
Syn’s expression drops. “Cassandra, why don’t we go and make sure Dashonda is fine.”
“She’s with the angel.” Bast puts his hand over his mouth in a mock gesture. “Do you mean she isn’t safe with him? What do you think he’s going to do to her? Nothing inappropriate I hope.”
Syn puts his hands on his hips. “You truly are demented.”
Bast backs up and bows. “Thank you. I appreciate that. I do try.” Again he points to the man. “Just read him, Caz.”
Syn quickly steps in front of me blocking my view of the man. “Please, Cassandra. Don’t.”
“Why? What will I see?”
Bast grins. “Tell her, reaper. What will Caz see if she looks into him?”
I look at Syn. “Tell me.”
He shakes his head but doesn’t say anything.
“Poor, reaper,” Bast says. “Can’t do much without your boss, can you?”
Syn glares at the warlock. “I’m surprised you didn’t follow your boss back to hell. I didn’t realize your leash was that long.”
Bast’s face reddens, and he tightens his fists. Bast and Syn are about the same height, but Bast has at least fifty pounds of muscle on the lean reaper. “Keep that up, reaper. Maybe you can reap your own soul. I’ll comfort Caz as she steps over your obviously inadequate body.”
Ren reappears. “Dashonda is safe.” He reaches his arm out to me. “Shall we go?”
Makus returns chewing something. He’s wearing a red suit.
“Look closer, Caz.”
I do and realize his suit is actually blood red. I cringe. “Yuck.”
Makus raises his eyebrow. “Not my fault I was forced back to hell, but they’re always happy to see me.”
I step back. “Who’s they? And what are you chewing on?”
He shrugs. “Stopped for a snack, and the ‘they’ is Lucifer.”
“You saw that foul thing?” Ren steps back like he would get infected just standing too close to the demon. “He’s an abomination.”
Makus blows a bubble of something like gum. “He’s better now that he’s no longer pure angel. Those creatures are hideous. The fallen are much more interesting. Plus they have good cupcake recipes.” He wipes down his suit. “I think it suits me, doesn’t it? Get it, Caz. Suits me?”
I roll my eyes. 
“Team Reapgel can’t count,” Bast says.
Makus looks between them. “What’s the problem? We did one job. Now you’ve done one job. Caz is ours again.”
Ren steps between us. “You can’t have her.”
Makus looks at the man crouching at the wall staring at us. “Did she see what he is?”
“She was about to, but Team Limpdick’s lackey stopped her.”
Makus immediately stares at Syn. “Why’d you stop Caz from reading that man, sad reaper?” He moves closer to him. “Afraid of what she’ll see or afraid of what she’ll do.”
I close my eyes. “Honestly.” I move around all of them and lean closer to the crouched man. “So beyond tired of being talked about like I’m not fucking here.” I look into the man’s eyes. They’re bloodshot like he’s been on drugs his whole life. His gaze darts back and forth between all of us. I look into his eyes. I see his heart and his soul.
I jump up quickly and turn around to face Ren and Syn. “Do you know what he’s going to do in a few hours?”
The angel and reaper look down at the ground.
“Hello?” I’ve never been one to take silence as an answer. I don’t think. Anyway, I’m not now.
Ren shakes his head. “I’m sorry, Cassandra. It’s not our place.”
I stare at them. I truly try to understand them. “This is why, isn’t it? This is why I always go back to them?”
Makus and Bast stand up straighter and grin such a sickening and ego fueled expression it makes me want to kick them.
“Promise?” Makus asks.
“But you don’t have to.” Ren pleads with me. “You can make a different choice.”
I look back at the man. “You know what he’s going to do. How can you not stop him?”
Syn tries to reach for me, but I step back. “Cassandra, it’s not our job. Her soul is pure. It will remain pure. She’ll do many great things.”
“Many great things? This piece of shit is going to break into her house tonight. He’s going to terrorize her. He’ll beat her. He’ll rape her. He’ll make her beg and plead for her life. And you’re all, ‘Peace, man, she’ll live through it. No problem.’”
“We didn’t say ‘no problem,’” Ren says.
“It won’t be easy to live with,” Syn says.
“How would you know? You ever been raped and beaten?”
Syn shakes his head. “Not exactly.”
A thousands things rush through my mind. I see that sweet woman. Her pure soul. Everything she’s done for everyone else. She goes without to help those who could hurt her like he’s about to. “I can’t. I won’t.”
Ren moves close to me. “You can.”
I glance at Makus and Bast who study me with grins. “Yow know what he’s going to do, don’t you?”
They both nod.
Makus pushes Ren away and steps in front of me. “You can’t live with that.” He motions to Bast. “We know that. With us, you don’t have the rules that constrict these two. Tell us which side is better?”
I shake my head. “I can’t let him hurt her.”
“It’s not your choice, Cassandra,” Ren says.
“But I can choose to do something.” I look Ren and Syn over. “You’ve just chosen to do nothing.”
Syn puts his hand on my arm. “I’m sorry, Cassandra, but I won’t let you hurt him.”
I glance at Makus and Bast. They both nod at me. In an instant, Makus twists his fingers around again, and both Syn and Ren disappear.
“Where’d they go?”
“Back to that cabin they hole up in.” Makus shakes. “Disturbing. Just the two of them. They’re probably all snuggly in front of the fireplace. Sipping brandy and lounging with their see through nighties.” He winks.
I ignore his insinuations and look back at the man. “You get why I can’t allow him to hurt her, right?”
Makus nods. “You do what you have to do, Caz. You don’t have to explain yourself to us. We have your back.”
“Your front. Your sides,” Bast says. “Any part you wish to give us.”
I close my eyes and put my hand over the man’s heart. I can see how many others he’s hurt. I also see the fear he’ll force on Dashonda. The pain and tears she’ll have to endure because of him. Oh, she’ll do great things, but why should she have to suffer?
I also see into his future. He’ll never change. They’ll be others. A six year old girl. A homeless woman. He’ll beat the man who escaped before him to death in a few weeks. He has no remorse. No conscience. No future. No hope.
I concentrate on him. I visualize his heart. It starts to beat faster. It’s like my hand wraps around his heart and squeezes until it beats so fast it gives out and stops. In a few seconds, he slumps over dead.
I stand up and look at him. I see the futures of his victims. They all have one now. I don’t know if I have the right to do it, but I couldn’t allow him to hurt anyone. I don’t have shame or remorse. I look at Makus and Bast.
Makus looks sweaty. 
“Why are you leaking like that?”
He smiles. “Seeing you do that is super sexy.”
“Did you take his soul?”
Bast nods. “We’ve gotten a lot because of your compassion.”
I frown. “That sounds weird. I know you could care less and are just using this to get to me, but … I couldn’t allow him to do those things.”
“We know,” Bast says. He holds his hand out to me. “Shall we?”
Before I can move, Ren and Syn immediately appear. I’m thrown backwards by the attacks that follow. I have no idea what’s happening. It’s all flashing lights and yells. The ground shakes as the four fight. 
I run out of the alley and keep running. I assume I’ll be stopped, but I’m not. I don’t know why or when or if I’ll ever stop running.
Chapter 10
I continue to run until it’s dark. I finally stop even though I’m not tired. It’s raining, and I have no idea where I am. Does it matter? 
I can’t run from heaven and hell. One or both groups will find me. I want to find a bathroom and stare at my own reflection, but that hasn’t worked out for me. I don’t want to meet one of their messengers again. I look across the street at a small square park that is surrounded by shops that have already closed.
I run over and sit down on one of the benches. There’s a few lights, but this looks like one of those small towns which closes at dusk. I sit for the longest time. There are a few dog walkers out, but they’re too busy making sure their dogs do their business to notice me.
I look down at my faded jeans, boots, and white t-shirt. Have I always been like this? I don’t dare give myself too much time to think. I’m afraid I’ll do something stupid or crazy or probably both.
I stretch out and look in both directions. There’s no place to run. I know this. “Okay, Team Hellion. We have one more job before I’m flipped back to the angel and reaper.”
I close my eyes and wait. I feel someone sit down next to me. I open my eyes to see Bast sitting beside me and Makus standing in front of me. The rain isn’t even touching him.
“Show off.”
He grins. “So tell me, soulless one, why did you have to exert so much energy running when you have the two of us for that?”
Bast tries to put his hand on my knee, but I immediately shoo him away.
“I said no touching. Not until I decide which side I’m on.”
Makus touches his chest. “Oh, Caz, you know the longer you make us wait, the longer we’ll take.”
I narrow my eyes at him. “I bet you always make and break that promise to me.”
He grins and offers me his hand. “Such delicious courage you have with us. Shall we?”
I stand up and ignore his hand. 
He throws me a pouty face.
“No touching goes for me as well.”
“Oh,” Bast says. “But you touched that reaper.”
I quickly look at him. 
He nods and acts like he’s going to put my hair back behind my ears but doesn’t. “He gave you permission.”
“Which we always do.” Makus leans closer. “That is a standing invitation. Always.” He opens his arms. “Go ahead. I dare you. Touch any part of me. Touch every part of me. Or touch only the parts you’ve dreamed about.” He thinks about what he just said. “That won’t work. We’d be here forever.”
I look around. “Where’s the RV? Ren said you could just zap wherever you wanted to go.”
Makus puts his hand out to me. “You’d have to touch me.”
No, that would be too easy to do, but I fear the consequences of what he’ll require next. “So, how far is it?”
“About a mile.”
I look around. “Which direction?”
Bast points to my right so I start walking. I’m not sure if they’ll just zap there and wait for me, but in a second they are on either side of me.
I squint as rain gets in my eyes. I glance at Makus who is dry as dust. “How can you do that?”
Makus opens his jacket to me. “Feel free to cozy up to me. I’ll keep you dry.”
“That’s okay.” I look over at Bast who is almost shivering. “Don’t have the same powers, do you?”
“I do. I’m not allowed to use them in public.”
“He does.”
Makus laughs. “Sweet Caz. We could be walking in the middle of main street, and no one would see me unless I wished them to.”
I look the demon over. “So, you’re invisible?”
“To most.” He leans closer. “There are creatures amongst us who can see me. Even some humans have the gift.”
I look at Bast. “But you’re not invisible?”
Bast shakes his head. “It’s just up the street and turn left.”
Makus leans close to me. “I’ll meet you there.” He disappears.
I look at Bast and start running.
I can barely keep up with the warlock who is super fast. I slip a few times but make it to the RV before I melt.
I fall through the door, and Makus is waiting for us sipping a glass of what I’m hoping is wine. His feet are up on the table and his shirt is open to reveal lots of necklaces.
“I didn’t take you for the jewelry type of guy.”
Bast chants something, and he and I are dry again.
Makus looks down at his necklaces. “These are various charms and spells. There are many creatures around here who would like to keep me.”
“As a pet?”
He motions for me to sit opposite him. “I’m one of Lucifer’s finest.” He glides his hand down his chest. “You should remember the skills I have.”
I stare at him without even a hint of emotion.
“Very good. You’re learning quickly.” He leans forward. “Don’t give me anything I can use later. Show no weakness.” He notices that I stare at his glass. “Want some?”
“No, I just want some water. May I?” I motion to the kitchen.
He snaps his fingers. “Get Caz some water.”
In a second, Bast hands me a bottle of water
I look at the warlock. “Are you his slave?”
Makus smiles. “He’s more a minion.”
“Seriously?” Bast asks. “We’ve been over this. Partner.”
“I do have your soul,” Makus says.
Bast sighs and looks at his watch. “That’s only the sixth time you reminded me of that in the last hour.”
Makus growls. “You want to renegotiate the terms of our agreement?” 
Bast folds his hands on the table and takes a deep breath. “No.” It’s such a simple word, but Bast definitely wrapped the word in a fuck you expression.
Makus leans forward and tugs at his ear like he had trouble hearing Bast. “What was that?”
Bast looks up, and I can tell it takes all his strength not to react. “No,” he says with more emphasis.
“Good boy.” Makus leans back in his chair. “Didn’t think so.” He looks at me. “You know what that would mean?”
Bast glances quickly at me. “Yes, I know.”
I look back and forth between them. “Spill.”
Makus grins. “What was that Caz?”
I slam my water bottle down causing water to splash around the table. “Don’t even try that stupid ear thing with me. Truth. Now.”
Makus closes his eyes. “Damn, I love when you give me an order. The only creature in this entire world that could do that and remain intact.”
I grab my heart. “I’m so lucky. Now. Truth.”
Makus’ blue eyes dance, and I try not to be drawn in by him. He’s too handsome for his own good.
He grins at me. “Thank you, Caz. You’re why I look like this.”
“So, I’m half-evil and half-good. My soul is literally half and half which is odd.”
Makus nods. “Forged in hell like me.”
I look at Bast.“He won’t give your soul back?”
Makus shakes his head. “Nope.”
“So that’s why you stay?”
Makus laughs. “Tell her, Sebastian, why would such a powerful warlock like you stay with me?”
Bast bows his head and sighs. “I stay because of you.”
I look at Makus. “You stay because of the demon?”
Bast looks up quickly. “No. Not Makus. Because of you, Caz. I stay for you.”
“Why?”
Makus rubs his hands together. “This is so much fun.”
Bast looks at me as if he’s willing me to remember or at least hope not to be forced to say the words. “Because we’re soul—”
I jump up. “Don’t say soulmates. I hate that word.”
“Why?”
“My soul is ripped in two. One side belongs to hell and the other belongs to heaven. How could I be a soulmate to anyone?”
Makus knocks on the table. “Wait for it.”
Then it hits me. “I have two soulmates?”
Makus nods and leans forward. “Want to guess who the other one is?”
“Not you?”
Makus laughs. “No. I have no soul. You can have my body though. That’s much more fun than a soul.”
“Then I don’t need to know.”
Makus displays his most playful grin. “Come on. Surely you could guess?”
I nod. “The reaper.”
Makus smiles. “Yep. He had to tie his soul to the angel because that’s the only way he’d ever be able to see you.”
I sit back down and look Makus over. “So what are you to me?”
He grins. “The best you’ve ever had, my soulless one.”
I roll my eyes. “Please.”
Makus cocks his head. “Was that a request?”
I lean closer to him. “What are you to me?” I ask more forcefully.
Makus taps his finger against the table. He knows he’s pissing me off. He glances up at me, but I don’t back down.
His grin reappears. “I created you. Half of your soul in hell.” He looks me over with the leery look only he has. “I created exactly what I’ve always wanted. My perfect Caz. So what am I to you?” His eyes become so intense I almost feel the heat of hell.
“You’re mine, Caz. Forever. Always. I can find you wherever you go. I can read your mind. I know your thoughts. I know what you want, and more importantly I know what scares you. And, yes, you are scared of things, Caz. You. Are. Mine.”
No matter how much I want to, I can’t break my connection to Makus. He’s mesmerizing. Sometimes in a good way. Right now, in a very scary as all shit way.
Bast tenses beside me.
Makus looks at Bast. “And if you want to be with him. You have to be with me.”
I glare at him. “Is it the same with Ren and Syn?”
Makus nods. “The sanctimonious angel created the half of your soul that is pure and good and holy. If you want to be with that pathetic reaper, you have to be with the angel as well.”
“How sad.”
Makus stares at me and narrows his eyes. “What makes you say that?”
“You could have anyone, but you had to create me in some hell lab. Poor, Makus. No friends of your own?”
Makus catches his breath. “I know what you’re trying to do.”
I raise my eyebrow. “Doubtful.”
I wait for him to slam his fist against the table or jump up or grab me, but his anger slowly turns to a smile. “I love this back and forth we have, Caz.” He glances behind him and motions to the kitchen counter. “It’s right there. So close. I can hear you now. You beg me to stop. Beg me not to stop.”
“What if I don’t choose?”
Makus’ grin expands. “Then I’ll choose for you, and I never lose.” He slams his hand down on Bast’s shoulder. “And I know my faithful minion won’t ever leave you with me all alone so he’ll do anything I want. He’s done everything I want.”
I curl up my lip. “That was inappropriately creepy.”
“It was meant to be.” Makus squeezes his lips together but smiles anyway.
I close my eyes because I can’t look into Bast’s eyes. I’m afraid I’ll lose it. “Let me guess, I’m immortal, can’t die, can’t be killed, can’t kill myself?”
Makus nods.
I notice Bast moves his hand closer to mine like he wants more than anything to touch me. Makus notices as well. “You know the rules, warlock. You try to touch her, and I get to touch her first.” He leans closer. “By the time I’m done with her, she won’t want or need you to touch her.” 
I can’t help my thoughts. I envision me grabbing Makus by the throat and squeezing until he’s long past dead. I want to punch him. Kick him. Make him bleed. If he even bleeds.
Makus grins at me. “Oh, Caz. You could try that, but I’m faster and stronger and I will punish you in ways your mind can’t even contemplate right now.” He leans closer. “Or I’ll find some pure souled human you seem to be obsessed with saving and make you watch what I do to them. Are we clear?”
I don’t like being at his mercy, so I force myself to stare at him and will my heart to stop beating so fast.
His eyes narrow as he studies me. “We are going to have such fun. You are intoxicating. And the way you try to challenge me … it’s better than that time in New Mexico when you truly defied me.”
Bast shifts in his chair. The look in his eyes is a mixture of pain, remorse and resignation. 
I look down at his arm. “When’s the job?”
Bast shakes his head. “We don’t have one yet.”
Makus shakes his head. “So anxious to be away from us? Don’t you want to know what I did to you in New Mexico?”
I jump up quickly. “I’m assuming this shitbox has a bathroom?”
Makus laughs and points behind me. “Don’t be too long. You wouldn’t want to be trapped with me in such a small space.”

Chapter 11
I find the bathroom, close the door, and sit down with my back to the door. How the hell is this actually happening?
“Should I remind you again about the half of your soul that belongs to me?” Makus screeches out.
I put my hands over my ears hoping to block out his voice, but I hear him laughing.
“You have another thirty seconds, and then I’m coming in.” Makus yells. “And Caz, you can take that however you want.”
I jump up and run water. I throw some on my face and wash my hands. This time, I make sure I don’t even glance at my own reflection. It’s useless. I won’t get any answers from looking into my own eyes. I take a deep breath before I open the door.
Makus is lounging on the sofa. His shirt is gone. I look around, and it’s on the back of the chair at the table. He pats the couch next to him. He looks down at his chest. “Like what you see? Sit here.”
I sit down on the chair opposite and at the farthest away from him.
He laughs. “You’re going to make me work for it, aren’t you? Believe me, you’re worth it. So am I.”
I slouch down, fold my arms over my chest and close my eyes. I feel the RV move a bit as someone - I’m assuming Bast - sits down on the other chair. I don’t open my eyes.
“Yes, it is the warlock,” Makus says. “But there’s still plenty of space for me to cozy up to you. Just say the word. I know how much you want me.”
I don’t answer him.
“Come on, Caz. I’ve been good. I haven’t touched you.”
I still don’t answer him.
It’s almost like I can see his sadistic grin. Am I actually ‘seeing’ it or is that his normal expression I’ve seen a million times?
“Both,” he blurts. “Come on, Caz. I’ll let you read my mind again. It would be educational about what I’m going to do to you.” He waits, but I don’t take the bait.
“I’ve been such a good boy.”
I open my eyes quickly. I know I shouldn’t because that will just give him what he wants. “You’ve threatened me. Said I was yours like I’m part of the furniture. So, no you haven’t been good.”
Bast stifles a laugh which Makus notices. “Something you wish to share with the rest of the class, warlock?”
Bast shakes his head. He glances at me and grins. “I’m so glad you’re here.”
I frown and wish I could remember everything. Is he actually my soulmate?
Bast nods. “I am, and it will come back to you when you’ve made your choice.”
“Well, that sucks. So unfair. I won’t know until I choose, but how can I choose until I know?”
Bast moves closer to me. “I’ll help in any way I can, but you have to—”
Makus balls up his fist, and Bast immediately starts coughing up blood. 
“What the hell?” I look at Makus. “Why? Stop.”
The demon bends his head this way and that. “Make me.”
I move closer to Bast careful to still keep some distance, but his coughing becomes more violent. “He can’t breathe. Stop.”
Makus shrugs. “Touch him and I’ll stop.”
Bast immediately starts to move away from me but can’t.
Makus’ fist tightens. “You try to move an inch, and I’ll take those pretty eyes of yours she’s so fond of.”
I move closer to Bast.
He puts up his hand to stop me, but immediately his hand is forced back down.
I glare at Makus. “I touch him and what happens?”
“Then you save him, and he’s fine.”
“And?”
Makus grins. “I get to kiss you.”
I flinch. “Why?”
He opens his mouth as if he’s in shock. “Because you touched him, silly thing.” He waits for me, but I just stare at him. He tightens his fist again, and Bast grabs his throat as more blood is coughed up.
I close my eyes and shake my head. “One kiss. I mean it, demon. You get handsy, and I’ll start ripping at jangly bits.”
Makus nods. “One kiss. But I get to choose—”
“On the lips.”
“Fine.” Makus sighs. “On the lips. Almost had you there.”
I touch Bast, and he’s immediately cured. Before I can even register what’s happening, Makus’ lips cover mine. My mind goes blank. I don’t know if he’s putting me under a spell or what, but I can’t think of anything but the kiss. And it’s a good kiss no matter how much I hoped it would be some slobbery mess of an icky demon breath awkward debacle. He lingers and keeps kissing me. Entire generations are born, live and die while he kisses me.
I don’t know how a demon who has been hinting, insinuating, and outright threatening me can be a good … scratch that … great kisser without ripping my face or lips to bits. He’s actually gentle. Sort of. Assertive, but gentle. And he is true to his word. Other than his lips, he doesn’t touch me. I don’t know if he’s hovering, but his hands don’t explore.
After what seems like a half hour, he slowly leans back. His eyes merge black and red, and his skin is flush. He stumbles back like he’s drunk and falls back to the couch.
Bast looks at me. “Are you alright?”
“Are you?”
He nods. 
Makus slouches on the couch. “Closest to heaven I’ll ever get.”
Bast looks at me like he wants to kiss me.
“You kiss her, warlock, and I’ll get another turn.”
“Hey, I’m not a ferris wheel, dipshit.”
Makus laughs. “True that.”
“She only touched my shoulder,” Bast says. “You got to kiss her.”
Makus waves his hand around. “You can hold her hand.”
“Not good enough.”
I look back and forth at them. “Fuckheads, I’m sitting right here. I’m not on auction.”
Bast leans towards Makus. “You made me choke. You would have killed me if she didn’t touch me, so I get to kiss her without anything else from you.”
Makus reels from the kiss. I don’t know why, but he waves his hand again. “Fine. Kiss her, and I won’t require anything else from her at this time.”
Bast grins at me.
“Seriously? You think I’ll want to kiss you after that little negotiation?”
Bast nods.
Dammit. He’s right. Every gorgeous inch of him is right. Why can’t I control myself around him?
He leans in and gently kisses me, but his urgency grows as he devours me.
Like Makus, Bast’s kiss is hypnotic. It’s like I could kiss him forever and never get enough of him. He’s dangerous but safe. He’s scary and totally hot at the same time. A wicked combination. My body screams for him.
I want to touch him. I want him to touch me, but I know that would require more negotiation and paperwork and maybe even get lawyers involved. We can’t have that.
When I don’t think Bast will stop the kiss, I lean back. I stop it only because I don’t want it to stop. It scares me how much I’m drawn to Bast. How his eyes lure me in. How I imagine what his body feels like. What his touch feels like. Am I his? Is he mine? Is that how soulmates work?
He opens his eyes, and his green eyes soak me in. His smile ruins me. I’m in trouble. 
“Same here, my love.”
Chapter 12
Makus stares at me. It reminds me of how I must look when I see right through others. I wait for him to make another deal, but he only flashes me his trademark smirk.
“Do you wish to negotiate in order to have more of Bast?”
I hold up my hand to stop him. “I’m fine.”
Bast puts his fingers to his lips. 
“As good as you remember?” Makus asks.
Bast looks at me and smiles. “You are mine, Caz.”
That admission is both exciting and unsettling. 
He leans closer. “And I’m yours. You know that, right?” He waits for me to respond, but I only look at him. “You could tell with that kiss, couldn’t you? I felt it right through to my soul.”
“If you still had your precious soul,” Makus mocks.
I glance back at Makus.
Like Bast, Makus’ grin becomes dangerous. With both intensely staring at me, I glance around the RV and cringe. “Why is it so tragic? And dark?”
Makus laughs. “Choose us, and you can redecorate however you want.”
I open the lemon yellow curtains beside the table. Since the glass is broken, boarded, and taped, I quickly close the curtains again and peer into the overhead light which has to be two watts max. I point at it. “You need better bulbs.”
Makus slaps his knee hard and laughs.
“What did I say?”
Makus can’t even speak he’s laughing so hard. “Sorry, I thought you said we need better balls. I was going to tell you mine were fine if you wanted to inspect them.” 
I ignore the loon demon. I’m stalling. I know it. They know it. I pretend to be looking at the kitchen. What there is of it. Someone ripped out the tiny microwave leaving only a chewed cord dangling. There’s no stove, and the mini fridge reeks of death. Plus, the kitchen’s green. Lime green for some reason. The cabinets have been painted white. Or at least it was an attempted paint job. The white streaks do little to hide the default brown underneath.
Makus sighs. “Just ask, Caz.”
“You said you looked like that …” I motion to him. “For me. What does that mean? What do you really look like? Why did you change? Can you do so at will?” I stop myself. I didn’t realize I had so much corked in. 
Makus jumps up quickly and gets as close as he can to me. I suddenly realize I’m trapped in the tiny kitchen with his hand resting firmly on the kitchen counter. 
He studies his hand and pats the counter. “Care to try it out again? I can assure you it will hold all of our weights at the same time.” He leans even closer. “Warlock tested and demon approved.”
“About that …” I try to calm myself down because my voice has become tinny. “What would you call me? If I was forged in heaven and hell, what am I? What would you call me?”
“Mine. That’s what I call you. Or Caz.” He looks down at himself. I follow his gaze to his bare chest and all the necklaces. “You can touch me if you want.”
I back up. “That would be unwise.”
His grin alternates between devious and reassuring.
Bast immediately joins us and moves around the demon to stand beside me.
“It was just a question. I’ll take it back.” I turn around and look out the tiny kitchen window that not even a tiny mouse could squeeze their tiny ass out of. “I don’t need to know. I don’t know why I asked it.” I grab the faucet like I’m going to turn it on. “You get good water pressure?” I glance at the weird lumberjack patterned curtain that hides the driver. “Who is driving anyway?”
Bast leans so close to me I can feel the heat coming from his skin. “Come back to us, Caz. We need you.”
I look into his eyes. “So, we’re doing this now?”
He slowly grins. “Now and always.”
I feel Makus’ breath behind my ear, and I don’t dare move or breath. I’m not going to be the one to accidentally break the no touch rule. “You better not be thinking of touching me, demon.”
“Why don’t you use my name? I love it when something of mine is on your tongue.” 
“Back off, demon. I mean it.”
I hear him take a step back.
I turn around and shoo him further away. 
He raises his hands and backs up a whopping two feet. Bast doesn’t move. I look at him and motion for him to do the same.
Makus leans a bit closer. “Just use my name once.”
“I used it when I was with Ren and Syn.”
Makus grimaces. “Ugh. Do not use their names or even bring them up ever again.”
“Ren and Syn were very cordial when I was at their cabin.”
Makus’ glare isn’t so much menacing as totally sexy. “Did I think that?”
He slowly nods.
“Anyway, Ren and Syn’s cabin. It’s cozy. Warm. Comfortable.” I make a point to slowly eye the RV.
Makus folds his arms across his chest. “No more angel or reaper talk. It’ll give me a headache, and my headaches can only be assuaged one way and only by you.”
I fold my arms across my chest mimicking him. I don’t know why, but I can’t help myself. “Ren and Syn—”
Makus immediately lunges at me and puts his arms on either side of me careful not to touch me. “You love to tempt me, don’t you?”
His lips are inches from mine, and his blue eyes taunt me into wanting to give him everything. 
He studies my lips. 
I try to look away, but Makus follows my line of sight so I have no way to avoid him. I look at Bast hoping he’ll do something or say something.
Bast grins just like Makus. “I’m sorry, beautiful, but giving into him means you’re also mine. I’d prefer more than anything not to have to share you, but that’s the only way to get you back.”
Makus stares into my eyes like he can see my past, present and future. “You want more from me, don’t you?”
Just shake your head, Caz. Shake your head.
His sinister grin tells me he knows I’m struggling. “Just say the word, Caz, and you can have anything you want from me.” His hand hovers near my face. “One word is all I need. Any word. Even an unintelligible grunt. In any language.”
I clamp my mouth shut just in case something flees. My lips ache as I smush them together until I think they’ll bleed.
Makus looks to Bast as they both laugh.
“I love how stubborn you are.”
Bast flinches and looks at his arm.
I close my eyes and pray for a job. Any job. I don’t hold out hopes of resisting either of them much longer.
Makus winks at me.
Bast sighs. “We have a job.”
Makus backs up and lets me breathe. “When?”
“Now.” Bast runs his fingers through his hair as he looks at me. “We were so close.”
“Indeed.” Makus’ eyes flip red and black and back to blue. “Another taste. Don’t you owe it to yourself to sample us again before you go back to them?” His mouth contorts like he’s just tasted bile. “So pious and disciplined not to give in to you.”
I freeze. That’s why he’s not angry. 
Makus studies me. “Why would I be angry?”
I shake my head. I will my thoughts to disappear. I force my expression to be blank.
Makus’ eyes widen. “What in the fuck? On their counter?”
Bast slams his fist into the wall. “How did they hide that from us?”
“I thought you knew,” I say. “They said either could do what the other did. As long as I wanted it.”
“And you wanted them?” Makus’ eyes plead with me to tell him no, but I can’t.
“I can’t help it. When I’m with you, I’m all about you, but when I’m with them …”
Makus sighs and fumes. As angry as he gets, I realize I’m not afraid of him.
He looks at me with the strangest expression. “I swore I’d never hurt you. I tease and taunt and punish exquisitely, but I would never willfully hurt you out of spite. I’m not human.”
I feel heat coming from him.
I step back. “Is that because you’re from hell?”
He looks down at himself. “Yes, plus I’m fucking pissed. That angel and reaper had no right to touch you.”
“Did you hear what she said?” Bast asks. “They did exactly what we did.”
Makus’ eyes narrow as a grin slowly appears. “Assfucks. Don’t have an original thought in their dull minds.”
He leans as close to me as he can. “When you go back for the last job with them, tell them I’ll introduce them to hell if they even think of touching you.” His eyes return to their normal gorgeous blue. He walks out of the kitchen.
“So, what’s the job? Where is it? Who is it?”
Bast leans close to me and shows me his arm. “I love that you can read this,” he whispers.
“I have one more job with the angel and reaper. And I have lots of questions for them. Perhaps they’ll actually answer them. Do we drive there? And exactly who is driving?”
Makus motions towards the front of the RV as an invitation. The way he glances at Bast makes me wonder what the hell I’m going to see. But, there’s no way I can’t look. I walk to the curtain, take a deep breath, and prepare for anything. 
I jerk the lumberjack curtain back and brace myself. I hold my breath, nod, and return the curtain like it was before. Then I turn around and try to act nonchalant. Like it’s everyday I see a rotting corpse without eyes try to wink at me as he figures out how to use the turn signal. “Friend of yours?”
Makus shakes his head. “That’s my Caz. You wouldn’t give me the satisfaction of screaming, would you?”
“I’m not a screamer.”
Makus closes his eyes and puts his head back like he’s remembering a fond memory. “That I know. You gasp a lot like you’re trying to control yourself.”
I shake my head. “Don’t even.”
Makus narrows his eyes. “Or maybe you’re trying to prolong how good it feels. You don’t have to. There are no limits on us. We can go as long and as many times as you want.”
Bast nods his head this way and that while he ponders Makus’ words. “I like the gasps. And when you release those. Pure heaven.”
I fidget and fume and sigh and then start over again. I close my eyes and try to unhear the last few seconds and try to unsee the last few moments. I mean the dude’s skin was literally falling off, and I swear I got some on my boot. I won’t look. No matter what. I open my eyes quickly. 
Makus’ eyes widen. “Do you think you can use the driver’s condition as a cold shower to resist us?”
“Yes?”
The RV screeches to a halt, and I grab the back of the chair before I’m hurled back towards the undead driver.
“We’re here.” Makus claps his hands together. “The last job before Caz comes back to us forever.” He pats the counter. “I have to remember to reinforce this. It’s going to get a hell of a workout.”
“Will I get my soul back?”
Makus studies me. “You want that back?”
I nod.
He puts on his black shirt but doesn’t button it at all. “That way you can lust after me. You can keep the half-soul I created for you.”
“What happens to the good half?”
Makus shrugs.
“Is it an actual soul? The part you created?”
He grins. “Yes, Caz, I did know what I was doing when I created it. And it would technically be called a dark soul.”
I grab my heart. “I had a dark soul inside me…” I instantly hold my hand up before either of them says something extra pervy.
Bast opens the door for me.

Chapter 13
As soon as I step outside the RV, blinding snow and freezing air slaps at me. “Fuck. Where the hell?”
The wind whips around us. Bast and I have to squint before we go blind. Makus, of course, is completely unaffected like he’s just sauntering along the beach at sunset. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
I want to hit him, but that might be construed as touching. I grunt instead. I hadn’t intended upon the grunt. I think the wind smashed one out of me.
Bast points to a diner that can barely be seen around the whipping snow. “In there.”
Makus slowly meanders to the diner. I know he’s taking his time to taunt me. I follow him for three feet before I give up and rush around him to get to the door. I throw myself inside and am instantly warmed by the heat which they have to be cranking.
I stomp around to get the ice off me. “Merde, it’s freezing out there. Where are we?”
Makus saunters past me but lingers just long enough to look me up and down. “Say the word, Caz, and you’ll be warmer than you’ve ever been. You can’t be cold with me inside you. You’ll never want me to stop.” He moves past me.
Bast jumps up and down to warm up. He motions for me to hold out my hands and peers around to make sure no one is watching us. He blows into my hands, and my entire body warms immediately.
“Thank you.”
“Anytime.” He winks and walks further into the diner.
Once I’ve thawed, I join them. The place looks deserted. A trucker … at least he looks like what I think a trucker would look like sits at the counter and guzzles coffee.
There’s some goth guy in all black huddled over a notebook in the corner booth, but the only other ones in the diner are the waitress and the short order cook.
The lights are dim and periodically flicker, but luckily the heat is cranked to full. Although, Bast’s warm trick did it for me.
He puts his hand over his heart like I’ve just made his month.
Makus squints his eyes and then glares at Bast. “Next time, I warm her up, and I’m not going to be blowing into her hands.”
“Maybe you don’t have what it takes, demon.”
Makus gasps and points to himself. “Me? Have what it takes? Oh, you must get your memories back. What I’ve done to you will sizzle your brain.”
I flinch. “That does not sound pleasant.” I look around the diner. Who are we here for? I study each one. Not goth guy writing in his journal. “Dude writes ‘fuck’ a lot especially about Steve. Oh, yeah Steve totally deserves it. Total shit’s ass.”
I study the trucker guy. Been sober for twenty years. Finds a church every Sunday and attends service. Sends all the money he makes home to his nieces and nephews after his sister died of an aneurysm. “Not him.”
I try the short order cook. He’s blank. Clean. Clear. The man has no past. No sins. Nothing. I look at Bast.
“New soul.”
Has to be the waitress. She’s mid-fifties. Platinum blonde hair threatened into a messy bun. As wide as she is tall. Smacking gum she stole from one of the lockers. “Gum thief. That’s a significant crime.”
Makus leans against the counter and folds his legs and arms like he’s settling in for a show. “Look again.”
Her name tag says Sue. Not even her real name. I study her and have to stop myself from fleeing the diner. I actually have to force my feet not to move from the spot. The images. The things she’s done. She killed … everyone. Her entire family. Poison. Slow acting and very painful poison. Her parents. Her kids. All seven. Two neighbors. Her husbands. All five of them. “She’s pure evil. She’s never done a decent thing in her entire pathetic existence.”
Makus nods. “A rare soul. She’s magnificent, isn’t she?”
“We have a different definition of that word.”
Makus shrugs. “Probably. You know me being a demon and all. Tell me, Caz, what is my actual name again?”
“Dipshit,” I answer.
He shakes his head and smiles. “The lovely things you say to me. Makes me feel so girlish and flirty.”
Bast walks past me to the goth kid. He leans over and says something to him which makes him jump up, grab his journal, and run out the back.
The trucker gets up and throws some change on the counter before walking out into the snow.
The waitress counts the change and curls up her lip. “Hope you die out there tonight, Bob. Find the first ice patch and bleed to death. Fucking Bastard.”
“Wow.” I glance at Makus and Bast. 
“Sit anywhere,” fake Sue says without a glimpse of a smile.
“We’re actually here for you, Gina,” Makus says.
She stops. “You know my real name.” I think she’s going to flee, but she turns around with the most devilish grin. I don’t even think a demon could produce that shit kicker. She laughs and saunters over to us as she slowly unties her apron. She unpins the name tag and throws it at the short order cook. It barely misses his eye. “Hope you choke on it, stupid fucker.”
The short order cook gasps. I motion for him to turn around and leave us alone. He does. Gladly.
Gina looks each of us up and down. “How’s this going to happen?” She studies Makus. “Me on top? You on the ground trying to fit all of you in me?” She glances at Bast. “Or me on all fours with the demon behind and I blow the warlock? Or do we all do the girl at the same time?”
I back up and hope I don’t pass out. That is so not happening. Not ever. At least not my part of her disgusting scenario.
Makus grins at me. “As tempting as that is, that’s not why we’re here Gina.”
She walks to Bast and tries to touch his face. He expertly avoids her and glances at me. 
“Oh, you belong to her.”
“I do.”
“Kudos, honey. You got yourself a warlock. They are sturdy. I knew this one warlock who could expand his man parts to fill anything.”
I cough up a bit of bile. “What in the actual fucking fuck are you?”
Gina ignores me and looks Makus over while licking her lips. “Can’t I just have one more before you send me back?” She touches his chest. “I’ve never had a demon as ancient or powerful as you before. The things I bet you could do to me.”
Makus takes her hand off his chest. “Try talking me up to her over there. She can’t seem to remember just how good I am.”
Gina looks me up and down as if I was suddenly an option. “Honey, demons are the best. The dirtiest. The nastiest. Definitely the naughtiest. Very flexible, and they never tire. Ever. I once had this low level demon who used to have these two slaves who—”
I hold up my hand to stop her. “Save some of the good stuff for the holiday mixer.”
She sneers at me. “Don’t put your nose up at me. You’ve been down and dirty with the worst of the worst.” She leans closer. “You’ve had every part of both of them. And you loved it. Every inch of them. Every delicious—”
I snap my fingers to stop her barking. 
She grins at me. “You can read me, can’t you? You saw everything I ever did. You know how long it took them fucking kids to die? Puked for weeks. Reeked of it. Worse than changing dirty diapers. Moaned and groaned about how much it hurt. Doctors never suspected. They all felt so sorry for me.” She laughs and holds up her hand like Makus or Bast should high-five her.
I can’t listen anymore. I don’t know if I’m doing all of it or if Makus or Bast are helping, but she’s totally immobilized. I visualize her heart and squeeze. She never stops smiling. Not even when she drops to the floor dead.
“That was fun, wasn’t it?” Makus smiles at me with such pride. 
I nod. It was. I can’t deny it. Feels good to do that. “Plus I didn’t have to touch her.” I look at my hand. “Don’t think I could get that stench off.” I look at them. “Is that the job?”
Bast’s eyes reflect worry, and he grabs me and kisses me. His hand touches my face as his kiss intensifies. His other hand runs up my back. I think some of my memories come back because I see us. Smiling. Laughing. I’m happy. He presses his forehead against mine and gently touches my lips. “Please come back to me. Please, Caz. I can’t do this without you. I won’t.”
Bast pulls back, and Makus is right there. He kisses me as well. Deeply. Passionately. He holds onto the back of my neck and runs his fingers through my hair. His kiss tells me everything. He lets me read his thoughts. Come back to us. We belong to each other. We are part of each other. You’re my greatest creation. I’m nothing without you. Just promise you never stop giving me shit. Turns me the fuck on. I’ll give Bast his soul back if you return to us. I’ll give you anything. Everything.
Even as he’s kissing me, I’m smiling. It would be so easy to choose them.
Then he turns into his normal Makus. If you don’t choose us, I’ll kill the angel and reaper bloody, and you’ll have to endure an eternity of such delicious punishment from me.
I push him off and laugh. I finally allow myself to open my eyes, but I’m not in the diner anymore.
Chapter 14
Wood walls. Floor to ceiling windows. The mice family out gathering snacks. The wolves smile at me before romping back to the woods.
“Heaven’s cabin.” I turn around to see Ren and Syn watching me.
“Got some questions for—”
Before I can get the words out, Ren steps forward, gently grabs me and kisses me. It’s a deep, passionate, toe curling, forget what I had for breakfast type of kiss that burns through every cell of my body. 
He stops and smiles, but he stays inches from me. “I love breathing you in.”
Okay, my knees buckle a bit. He steps back and Syn touches my lips before kissing me. Another can hardly breathe, please don’t ever stop kind of kiss that makes me feel all of his love and passion and everything that he could ever say to me through his skilled lips. 
After a few moments where I’m sure I didn’t take in oxygen once, he leans back and smiles.
I don’t open my eyes for awhile. “Is there anything you can’t do?”
Syn kisses my hand. “Now that your back with us … no.”
I open my eyes. “That’s because they kissed me in the diner, isn’t it?”
Ren nods. “And that’s why you could convince them to adhere to your no touching rule. Because they didn’t want you to do anything naughty with us.”
“Doesn’t mean we won’t,” Syn winks. “Surely even a demon and warlock have to know you won’t go back to them. You’re ours.”
I back up. “The job first. I still need to fulfill that obligation then choose.”
They both nod. “As long as you choose us.”
I remember all I learned from Team Hellion. I stall like I did with them by looking around at everything. “Definitely top of the line here.”
“Yeah, that RV of theirs is a—”
“You can say it.” I interrupt Syn. “It’s a total unmitigated shitbox. I think there’s got to be a picture of it in every dictionary under the term shitbox.”
I walk around as they follow and linger only a few feet behind me. There’s not a speck of dust. No scuff marks. No tape keeping the windows in place. No lumberjack curtains hiding the undead driver.
Ren frowns. “Undead driver?”
I shrug. “Long story.” I touch the wood and the windows. “Is this like quadruple plane glass?”
Syn nods as his eyes drink me in.
“Are you all doing what they did when I was stalling?”
Ren smiles. “Maybe. They were very angry when they found out about our kitchen counter.”
I nod. “Didn’t know you could hide that from them.” I turn around and face them. “You know they didn’t do anything, right?”
Syn runs his hands through his gorgeous blond curls which miraculously bounce back into position. “They did all sorts of things to you.”
I stop to think. “They didn’t zap my memories, did they?”
“I mean to your mind. Your body. How much you had to resist them.”
“Oh. That. Yeah. Well they are fucking hot.” I stop myself. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to say that to heaven’s bounty hunters.” I throw myself to the couch and sink in. “How is this so comfortable?” I lose myself in the softness of the fabric. The way the cushions mold to my body like it was made specifically for me. “I could live on this and never get up. Ever.”
Syn and Ren share a look.
“What was that about?”
Ren sits down next to me. “Something to file away for later.”
“What would I be called? And before you tell me the answer Makus used—”
“What did the demon say?” Ren’s eyes reflect concern or irritation. I can’t decide which.
“Irritation. Always concerning that abomination which should never be in existence.”
“He answered ‘mine.’”
Syn sits down on the coffee table a few feet from me. “When you asked him what you were, that piece of filth said, mine?”
I nod.
Ren takes a deep breath. “The moment … the second I can erase him from existence I will celebrate every day for the rest of days.”
I wait for him to tell me more, but his eyes rage as he thinks about the demon.
“He said he forged half my soul in hell, and you forged the other half in heaven.”
Ren’s smile broadens. “He told you that? I’m shocked he’d be so forthcoming, but when you’re talking about heaven, I’d prefer you say create rather than forged.”
“Gotcha. So you created half of me?”
“I did.”
I look at Syn whose eyes are usually sad but brighten a bit when I look at him. “And you’re my other soulmate?”
Syn laughs. “Surprised the warlock told you that.”
“He did.” I study Ren. “Do you have Syn’s soul?”
“I do.”
“So, if I want to be with my soulmate or at least the soulmate connected with my … what would you call the part of my soul you created?”
Ren’s eyes dance almost with as much ego as Makus. “I bet you can guess.”
I shake my head. “Original. So he created my dark soul, and you created my light soul.”
“Yes.”
“Pretty cocky for an angel. You think I’m yours, don’t you?”
“You are.”
“But you get your intestines in a knotty twist when you hear the demon say I’m his.”
Ren takes a sip of a glass of water I hadn’t realized was there. “You are mine. Not his. Never his. You are tempted by him only because of your connection with your dark soul. You’ll choose us. Your dark soul will be destroyed, and all will be well.” He spits each of those proclamations out like he’s reading it from a tablet.
“And that’s it?”
Ren shrugs. “What else is there?”
“What else is there?” I jump up and look out at the forest. “What else could there be?” I tap at the window and get the attention of the mice family who all stop their gathering and wave at me. “What else?”
Ren sighs. “Just say it, Cassandra. You don’t have to parse through your words with us.”
“My free will.”
Ren smirks.
I have to stop myself from saying something snarky or at least cursing up a storm which always makes me feel better. “The fuck is that expression?” So, I let out one word. The big one. At least I thought about it beforehand. “You remind me of Makus.”
Ren jumps up immediately. “I am nothing like the abomination. Nothing.” His face reddens, but he quickly calms himself down. “I’m sorry. That anger isn’t directed at you.”
“So what was that smirk about?”
He doesn’t answer me.
“Hello? I know I can count on you both for the truth, right?”
Syn nods and motions to Ren to continue.
“Sure, you have free will.” He rolls his eyes like he doesn’t believe it. “You can freely stay with us or make the wrong choice and choose them.”
I think about what he is saying. “You’d let me choose the demon and warlock?”
“No. I’m saying you have free will to choose.”
I look at Syn hoping he can help me decipher angel, but he slams his lips tight together.
I fold my arms across my chest. I feel like I’m going to need to control my actions for this next part. “So, if I choose to stay with Makus and Bast?”
Ren nonchalantly picks up his glass again and casually drinks. And drinks. And drinks. 
I let out a sigh even the mice hear. “Are you stalling? Thinking? Pissing yourself? Trying to control your angel rage?”
He chokes. “Angel rage?”
I motion towards his body. “I don’t know what’s going on in there.”
He smiles. He can’t help it. “I’m saying you can freely choose with your free will to make the horrible choice to stay with the demon and warlock. That is not going to happen.”
“Why?”
Ren finishes his drink, calmly sets the glass back down on the coffee table, and walks as close to me as he can without actually crawling inside me. “You have free will. What the rest of us do when you exercise your free will is up to us and nothing to do with your free will. But, no, you will not be allowed to choose them.”
I try to decipher everything. “So, I can choose them with the free will you obviously think is so fanfuckingtastic. But if I exercise said free will, I won’t be allowed to because you’ll force me to stay with you. Totally dodgy thinking there, angel.”
He leans in closer to whisper. “One way I’m similar to the wretched demon is that I also like to hear my name on your tongue.”
I swallow hard.
He raises his eyebrows as if he’s waiting.
“Ren,” I say with exaggeration. “The angel on high or is it nigh? Ren, the only angel I’ve ever known.”
His smile quickly descends back to smirksville. “The only angel you’ll ever need.”
This time it’s me who smirks.
He motions at me like I just did at him. “And what’s that about?”
“An angel who steals a soul and then coerces some innocent …”
They both smirk at that. Even I smirk at the idea of me being innocent. Part of me was forged in hell. I’ve had a demon, a warlock, an angel and a reaper mucking around in me with all their various parts. Innocent wouldn’t be my first adjective. “Okay, an angel who holds Syn’s soul hostage and coerces me into being with him.” I shake my finger and my head at the same time. “Naughty angel.”
He leans close to me. “Read your bible, Cassandra. Angels aren’t all cherubs whispering into human ears to make them hope their lives aren’t all horrifying and pointless.”
I step back. “I bet you are not invited to give the orientation speech for humans, are you? So, you’re bad ass warriors who can get your naughty on with the best of them.”
Ren grins and nods as his gaze covers my body. “Are you ready for that, Cassandra? For me to get my naughty on you?”
Syn jumps up like he’s ready for anything. “I am. Totally ready for that.”
“Hello? Did we do that job yet?” I tap my chin. I glance out the window. “Mice family? Did we do that job yet?”
One of the mice shakes his head.
“No. Even the mice say, keep it in your pants, angel.” Never thought I’d hear myself say those words.
Ren moves closer to me. “The problem with that logic is you’ll have to choose after the job.”
“Yeah?” I don’t get what he’s saying.
Syn moves closer to me too. “You’ll be taken from us.”
I throw up my hands. “By who? Don’t tell me there’s another bounty hunter group I’m tied to? Maybe a hot goblin and leprechaun pair?”
Ren shakes his head as his hands touch me and start to wander.
“Whatever are you doing, angel?”
“It means you’ll be taken someplace else where you can exercise your … and I’ll try really hard not to roll my eyes … free will and choose us.”
Syn touches my face. “We won’t be allowed to interfere with the process.”
Ren guides me back to the couch and lies me down. 
“So, you’re wanting to give me a proper sendoff since you think my free will is going to choose the other side?”
Ren kisses my neck as he climbs on top of me. “You won’t choose the other side.”
“That ego of yours.” I have trouble concentrating when Ren rips his shirt off. I didn’t realize angels could be so hot.
He smiles and starts to unzip my pants.
“Moving a little fast, aren’t you angel? Have I given you the go ahead?”
He stops and kisses my neck. “I hate to break it to you Cassandra, but you always give me the go ahead.”
“I can totally believe that.”
He unzips my pants and slides his fingers into me again. “Do you want me to stop?”
“Now you ask me.” I can’t catch my breath. I don’t even think I can breathe. I can only shake my head. I glance at Syn. “And what do you do in all this?”
In a quick second, he’s naked and kissing me. 
I look his entire body over. “You are so fucking beautiful.”
Ren rips open my top and licks at my nipples. 
I glance over to the window and see several wolves watching us. I motion for them to shoo which gratefully they do. “I assume the soul takers and makers always get first dibs?”
Ren laughs as his kisses descend down my stomach. “Don’t worry, I always make it worth your while.” He rips off my jeans and panties. Then he sits up. “Tell me what you want, Cassandra. You want me to stop?”
I open my legs and wrap them around his waist to draw him closer to me, and I pull down his pants. 
He slides inside me. “You feel so good, Cassandra. So tight.”
I gasp, and he waits a bit so I can get used to him before he thrusts in further.
“Did not think an angel could do this.” I grab onto Ren’s back and touch Syn’s face as the reaper continues to kiss me.
Ren puts his hand under me and lifts me up as he pushes as far into me as he can. I arch my back and wonder why we aren’t doing this like every fucking minute of every fucking day.
Syn laughs as he continues to kiss me, and I find his length as he moans. “Cassandra, you have to come back to us,” he whispers in between breaths. “You are ours.”
“And we’re yours,” Ren says, as he quickens his motion.
I grab for the couch behind me. I grab for anything that I can clutch as Ren’s intensity increases. 
Syn grabs my hand. “It’s okay, my love. We’ll never hurt you.”
“Not even if you want us to,” Ren says with a wink as he pushes in farther than I thought possible.
All I can hear is my own heartbeat drumming loudly in my ears. I grasp my legs around Ren harder to keep him inside me.
He leans down to my ear. “We can go as long as you want.” He pulls and pushes my hips in time with his rhythm. He rocks me faster and faster until I think I’ll go numb. After what seems like days, he slows and then stills inside me.
I blink about a thousand times as my mind starts to process actual thoughts again. “Holy fuck.”
“I appreciate the compliment, but please try to refrain from using those two words together in the same sentence.” Ren kisses me quickly and stands up. He’s completely out of breath and sweaty. “Don’t get too comfortable.”
In an instant, Syn is on top of me. “Are you ready for me, my love?”
I nod, and he pushes into me more forcibly than the angel but still gently.
Syn immediately stops. “I’m not hurting you, am I?”
I shake my head.
He grins and pushes in deeper. 
“Fucktastic. I mean seriously.”
Ren kisses my neck and arm and breasts.
“Do they teach classes in this? You two had to have been at the top, right?”
Ren laughs against my breast as his tongue continues to lash.
Syn pulls me closer to him as he moves faster and faster, and I do not think I will ever get used to this. Two guys at the same time. Totally pervy. Totally worth it.
Syn is just slow enough to torture but fast enough to keep my mind fluttering in a thousand different directions like a possessed fan. He pulls himself out and then slides back in with exquisite precision. He does this again and again until I think I’ve reached the end of my sanity. I put my hand over my face. I don’t know why. Stop myself from screaming? From imploding?
I gasp and bite my lip as my back arches. Syn slows down the pace and finally stops. He waits until I look at him.
He smiles at me. He’s flushed but still not a hair out of place. “Are you alright, my love?”
I nod, and he slowly pulls out which leaves my body on fire and aching for him. He stands up and reaches down to kiss me as Ren also stands up and gets dressed.
Ren hands me my clothes, but all I want to do is curl up in a ball and sleep for a thousand years. Then wake up, have a snack and do it all again.
Ren laughs as he pulls me to a sitting position and puts my shirt on.
I can barely function. I mean my brain isn’t even on yet.
Syn puts both my legs through my panties and pulls up. He does the same with my jeans as I lean against him completely and totally without a lick of energy. And loving every energyless second of it.
I feel my heart. It seems to be the only time it truly beats is when I’m with them … I quickly glance at them who look at me funny. “I didn’t say either group. I just said them. Wait …” I feel my chest. “Where’s my bra?”
Ren shrugs. “Last time you said it would be easier without so it’s gone.”
“Hum. Wait …” Another thought occurs to me. “Aren’t you afraid that since you’ve just done that—”
Ren quickly touches my lips to stop me from finishing my sentence. “I told you. You’re not going back to them so we don’t have to worry about them doing to you what we just did.”
“Right. That whole free fucking will is such a crock of shit line.” 
Ren smirks again. “Something like that. Besides I would send them both back to hell if they got anywhere near you.”
“Exactly what they said about you. And you know they’ve done that before?”
Ren sighs. “Yes, I know they have before, but not that you remember, so they can live for the moment.”
“But you know they …” I dance my fingers around.
Syn grabs my hand quickly. “Don’t need to be reminded. Plus, remember we did as well.” He dances his fingers in front of me like I just did.
“Oh, I remember.” I take a deep breath. “Boy do I remember. Do you have to get dressed? I like looking at you both.” I’ve gone full on whine. I didn’t mind the whine so I won’t have to pencil in, kick my own whining ass later.
Syn winks. “You can look at us all you want after you choose us. Until then …” He mocks me by buttoning his shirt all the way to his neck hiding every delicious inch of him.
I reach for his pants hoping I can yank them off just for a quick peek, but he lunges out of my way.
“So unfair.” I study them both. “You know when I first saw you …”
“Team Limpdick,” Syn says, with a wink. “I remember. Still think of us like that?”
“After that?” I glance at the couch. “And feeling every inch of you. Never again.”
Ren grabs his heart. “Awe. You’re going to make me blush.”
I know I should be all offended that my soulmates … still don’t know if I can stomach that word … are being held hostage by my soul makers … still don’t know if I can stomach that word either. 
Ren grins at me with the most devious grin an angel could have. “Do you want me to make the same deal as the abomination?”
I lean forward trying to rack my brain. “He’s made so many different promises. What he’d do with his tongue. Various positions. He said one time I had a six hour orgasm.”
Ren sighs loud enough to shake the coffee table. “That when you choose us, I’ll give Syn back his soul.”
Chapter 15
“Seriously?” Syn asks. “I can have my soul back?”
Ren nods. “You’ll still have to stay with me if you want to be with Cassandra because she will always be mine.”
I flinch at that term again. I mean it’s super sexy when I’m about to get naughty, but in the cold post sex world, it grates.
“Does it?” Ren looks at me with suspicion. “Why? You are mine. I created your soul. I made you look like that because that’s what I want.”
“What did Makus create?”
Ren sighs and studies the ground. “The other half of your soul, and for some reason we have the same tastes which both heaven and hell found amusing.”
I study him while I grin. “Interesting.”
He glares at me. “Not really.”
I stand up quickly. “So, now you’re saying my free will is fucked as well as my entire life? That you own me?”
Ren gnaws on that a bit. He tosses it back and forth. Too long if you ask me. “What do you want me to say, Cassandra? What will make it easier for you? You are mine. You will always be mine. Would you prefer I pretend you have a choice? Assuage that free will of yours into thinking I would ever let you go?”
“You know suddenly I’m thinking of Makus and Bast again. Are you sure you aren’t really the demon in disguise? You throw your weight around like he does.”
Syn puts his hand on Ren’s shoulder. “You promised you would never get angry at her. Take it out on me, but never Cassandra.”
I step back. “Take what out on you? Do you hurt Syn? Have you hurt him?”
Syn immediately looks down at the ground. “It’s alright. I recover quickly.”
I walk right in front of the angel. “You hurt him again, and you’ll be searching for pieces of your angel bits in the four corners of the world where I buried the remains of others who’ve pissed me off.”
Ren grins at me.
“I’m serious, angel.”
“I know. That’s what makes it so adorable.” 
Syn kisses my cheek. “Thank you for caring about me, my love.”
I look at Ren. “Why don’t you and Makus get your naughty on together? I can have Syn and Bast.”
Ren shakes his head and sighs. “That will never happen. You will never be with Bast or the demon. Ever. Again. And if you want to be with Syn, then you’ll take me as well.”
“You were so much nicer before.”
He smirks.
“I will be with Bast if I choose their side.” I say it too quickly, and Syn’s expression changes. “I didn’t mean it that way, Syn. Choosing either side means having to put up with the asshole in charge.”
Ren steps closer to me. “You will watch your tone with me.”
For the first time, I see Ren. I really see him. His power. His strength. “Totally uncool you both stealing my soulmates and forcing them to be your concubines.”
Ren blows out a breath. “I don’t know or care what the demon does with his warlock, but I have never forced Syn to do anything like you are suggesting.”
We stare at each other. I don’t think Ren nor I want to say anything that will piss the other off. How did this happen? Being forced to be with creatures just to be with my soulmates.
Ren’s eyes narrow, and I realize I thought something bad.
I hold up my hands in surrender. “Didn’t mean it that way.”
“Creatures? You still think I’m like the abomination?”
I think about the question. I really do. Then I decide to be snarky. I hem and haw and hesitate. “What do you want me to say, Ren? What will make it easier for you? That you keeping Syn’s soul hostage is completely unlike Makus keeping Bast’s soul hostage?”
Ren grabs me and kisses me. It’s a passionate kiss. Full of anger and toe curling anticipation. He stops and presses his forehead against mine. “You are mine. I’m sorry if that offends you, but I won’t lie to you or sugar coat it. I will never hurt you, but I will never let you go.”
I try to wrench away from him. 
Syn is by my side in an instant. “What’s wrong?”
“That’s what Makus said.” I continue to step back. “So how does this end if neither one of you lets me go?”
Ren takes a deep breath while he thinks. He then stares into my eyes. “I will destroy him. I’ll have to destroy them both.”
I grab my stomach. I hadn’t thought of that. Makus. Total ass pain, but total turn on. Bast. My soulmate. I can’t live without him. That’s the first time I’ve ever thought that. Then I look at Syn. “I can’t live without either of my soulmates.”
Ren clears his throat. “I hope someday I’m going to be included in what you can’t live without.”
I shrug only because it’ll irritate Ren. He’s gorgeous. Strong. Sweet. Generous. Gentle. Sometimes super scary.
“When did I ever scare you?” He grunts. “When did anyone ever scare you?”
“You’re doing a good job right now.”
“No, I’m not. You’re not scared of me. You’re scared of which one of your soulmates you will lose. I’m sorry, Cassandra. The warlock is tied to the demon. He will share his fate.”
I look at Syn and touch his beautiful face. “Could Makus hurt you?”
“No,” Ren says quickly. “I won’t let that happen.”
“But how can I lose my soulmate? Wouldn’t that gut me?”
Ren shakes his head. “Your soulmates are attached to the different parts of your soul. When you choose us, your light soul will be restored. All will be well, and you will always have Syn.”
I look at the beautiful, pure, perfect reaper with his sad green eyes and every flawless part of him. “Is that what you want, Syn?”
Syn opens his mouth and looks back and forth between me and the angel. “No one’s ever asked me that before.”
“I did,” Ren says. “When we made the deal.”
“Yes, the deal.” Syn rolls his eyes. “Cassandra is your soulmate.” Syn mimics Ren. “I just took your soul. If you ever hope to be with your soulmate, you have to be bonded with me for all eternity. Otherwise, I’ll turn your soul to dust and it will be like you never existed.”
I glare at Ren. “Seriously? That’s what you said?”
He shrugs. “I think I might have used somewhat different words.”
Syn looks at me and shakes his head. 
“They really need to teach sensitivity training in heaven.”
Ren chuckles. “Yeah, that’ll happen.”
“So, if you give Syn back his soul—”
“I will give Syn back his soul when you choose us. Not if, Cassandra.”
I throw up my hands. “Whatever. Free will be damned. When you give Syn back his soul, would he be free to leave?”
Ren laughs. He actually throws his head back and laughs for a good two minutes. I wonder if we need popcorn. Even the mice family grimaces watching the angel be a total asshole. 
Ren finally calms himself down. “Cassandra, you really don’t understand the idea of soulmates, do you?”
I frown. “I want him to have a choice.”
“Free will?” Ren actually uses air quotes.
“Fuck, I hate when people do that. Such passive aggressive bullshit. I prefer aggressive aggressive ass kicking.”
Syn stops me by standing in front of me. “Soul or no soul, I am yours, Cassandra. Where you go, I go.”
I touch his beautiful face again. “Can’t seem to stop touching you.”
Syn’s face melts into the most amazing smile. “I do not mind that at all.”
I quickly glance at Ren who watches us without emotion. I wait for him to make his move.
“What?” he asks, impatiently.
“The demon is always tit for tat.”
Ren cringes. “The demon did what to your …” he motions towards my chest.
“No.” I shake off that image. “Bast couldn’t even touch my hand without Makus doing the same.”
Ren frowns. “Like I said, I’m not like the abomination.” Then he steps forward and for the first time since the tensions began, he throws me a playful grin. “Would you mind if I did that? What you just said?”
I want to say yes. I should say yes. I really should be able to form the word. It’s such a simple little word that can cause so much havoc, but I can’t. The angel is infuriating. Gets under my skin as all get out, but …
Ren raises his eyebrow. “By all means, finish that sentence.”
“No, I do not mind you at all.” I look him over and try to throw him my best pissed off expression. “Just try not to roll your eyes when you mention the mere idea about free will. Even if I don’t have it like humans since I was … you know created in hell and forged in heaven.” I wait for him to sigh which he does.
“Still can’t wrap my mind around that.” I then think about my hair. “Is that why it’s shaved on one side and all fun and flirty on the other?”
“Yes.”
“Let me guess, you wanted the fun and flirty blond hair?”
Ren shakes his head slowly. 
“The shaved part?” Then I remember Makus running his fingers through my hair when he kissed me.
Ren and Syn both curl up their lips like a foul smell wafted in.
I look at Ren. “I wish I could mind you a little. You piss me off like no one else.”
“Really? Even more so than the abomination?” He winks.
I think about it. I really do, but I can’t give him the answer he wants.
Ren’s grin falters a bit, but he shakes it off. “Something else I can answer for you, Cassandra?” He asks with his best mocking tone.
“Soulmates?” I point to myself and Syn. “No souls?”
Ren nods. “Your souls still exist. If they were destroyed, your soulmate link would be broken.” He hands me a glass of water. “You also should eat. You exerted a lot of energy on that sofa.”
I glance at the sofa with such fond memories. “I did. I really did. Are all angels as odd as you?”
He thinks about it. “They’re more annoying.”
Chapter 16
Ren, Syn and I decide to eat outside on the deck. Ren places a bounty of every single type of food on the table, and I fill my plate. I look out at the sky and watch the eagles soar above us. The weather is perfection. Blue skies. Sunny with only a few puffy clouds. Not too cold and not too hot. Just a slight breeze.
I lean back and kick my leg up as I look at all the perfect trees. The birds sing. The squirrels and chipmunks jump around gathering snacks. The wind rustles through the leaves. Just a normal meal in some random cabin with friendly wolves and helpful eagles and waving mice. Just me and my angel and reaper having a snack.
Ren smiles at me. “Love it when you call us yours.”
Syn grabs my hand. “Happy, my love?”
I nod.
“Even with me?” Ren asks with his normal mocking tone.
I think about it just to irritate him, but he doesn’t get irritated. He waits patiently for my reply. “Why aren’t you pissed at me?”
He leans across the table so he can whisper. “News flash, Cassandra, I’ve never been angry with you.”
My mind races through the images of his red face and the way he spoke to me.
“I get angry at the situation. The thought of the demon and the warlock ever touching you or the gall of them thinking they could ever possess you.”
“I know. Don’t you hate it when they get all ‘your mine’ with you?”
He throws a grape at me which I catch, put it with some cheese, a few crackers, half an apple, and a napkin and place it down on the ground for the mice family. 
They share a bit of napkin amongst them which they tuck in their laps and sit down, grab hands and pray. 
“What the fuck?”
Everyone jumps. Even the wolves howl in the distance. “Sorry for the cuss. The mice are praying.”
Syn looks at me and to the mice like he has no idea what my issue is.
“Okay. That’s cool. Praying mice.”
Ren can’t stop laughing.
“Keep it up angel.”
“I always do.” He watches me. “What is troubling my Cassandra now?”
“Demons are scary. Powerful. Dangerous.”
“You’ve noticed. Good for you. Wait …” He grabs at his heart. “Are you worried about me?”
Syn smiles and pushes some of the food around his plate.
Ren claps a few times, and about a dozen squirrels descend and take the rest of the food off his plate. He leans back, pets one of them, and then waits until they’ve finished before continuing. “In case you haven’t noticed, I’m scary. Powerful. Dangerous.”
I nod, but I can’t help my thoughts. 
Ren throws his napkin down. “That will never happen.” He leans forward. “Cassandra, look at me.”
I stare into his eyes.
“When you choose us, the demon won’t hurt us or punish you no matter how many times he teased you with that warning. I’ll make sure of it. You trust me, don’t you?”
I nod, but perhaps it wasn’t as enthusiastic as he wanted because he’s beside me in an instant. He pulls my chair to him and blocks me in. “Look at me. I won’t let them hurt you or Syn or me.” He studies me. “Are you afraid of what I’ll do to the warlock?”
I immediately look down.
Syn grabs my hand. “I know you have feelings for Sebastian. He’s also your soulmate.”
“And my feelings for Makus?”
Ren pushes my chair back in, kisses the top of my head and sits back down. “Tell me what they did when you mentioned us. You did mention us, didn’t you?”
I throw a few more grapes towards the mice family. “I specifically said your names because it made Makus insane. I love irritating him. Is he really one of Lucifer’s favorites?”
Ren’s body tenses. “Yes. Can you do me a favor and never mention his name in front of me again?”
“Which one?”
“Both.”
“He’s ancient, isn’t he?”
Ren doesn’t look at me, but he nods.
“The job we had. That horrible thing with beady eyes who killed everyone. She was vile.”
“We know what she was,” Syn says. “We took several of her victims’ souls to their final place.”
I narrow my eyes. “Should I ask?”
Ren wipes his hands off. “Yes, we knew what she was before she even killed her first.”
“Okay, that’s what I have a problem with.”
“Oh, we know,” Ren says sarcastically.
Syn takes my hand. “Unfortunately, our job is not to prevent.”
“It’s just to pick up the pieces afterwards?”
“Yep,” Ren says.
I point to him. “That’s one of your tells. Whenever you say ‘yep’ that means you don’t agree with it but follow orders anyway.”
“Yep. And when you’re with us, you won’t be able to pull that little stunt you did in the alley.”
“I couldn’t let him hurt that woman.”
Syn shakes his head. “Doesn’t matter. That’s not our place.”
“I don’t accept that.”
Ren grabs a handful of bread and throws it directly up in the air, and birds from all directions grab it all so that none hits the ground. “The problem with that hubris—”
“Hubris?”
“Hubris,” he says more emphatically. “The problem with that is you have no right to judge someone else.”
“He was going to hurt her.”
“That was only one future. There are a thousand different things that need to happen for that future to occur. You took every chance he had for redemption away.” Ren snaps his fingers for effect. “Just like that. And you won’t do that again.”
I sit back in my chair. “Really? Just like that?” I snap my fingers at him. “And you’re going to stop me?”
“Uh oh.” Syn kisses my hand before letting it go. “Someone has challenged Ren.”
Ren side glances Syn. “I will stop you. Do not test me on that.”
I grin. “Uh huh.”
Ren leans forward. “I’m serious, Cassandra. You can’t do that.”
A group of wolves walk up to Ren who pets each of them and whispers something to them. They sit down and watch me.
“You made perfect sense with the whole different future thing until you snapped your fingers like I was a petulant child.”
“Too far?”
Even Syn nods. “Definitely.”
“I’ll work on that.”
“One future? I always thought I saw the future not just one.”
“That’s why you need us,” Syn says. “The other group would never tell you that.”
“No, they’d just untangle your leash far enough for you to go rabid and then…” Ren stops himself when confronted with my glare. “What did I say now that offended?”
Syn finishes his water and tries not to choke on it. “Let’s see … leash? Rabid?”
Ren puts his hand over his mouth. “That was rather rude, wasn’t it?” 
I raise my hand. “Question.”
“Uh oh,” Syn says, grinning. “I already know where this is going.”
“Why is it that the soul makers and takers have to be endured just to be with my soulmates who are so sweet and perfect and not total assholes?”
Ren sighs loud enough to make the mouse family pack up and seek cover. The wolves whimper and flee. He leans back in his chair and doesn’t take his stare from me. “You get I’m an angel, don’t you? That I have the power of life and death? That I have your soul? That I created your soul?” 
“Half of my soul. Yeah. Yeah. You’re all powerful.” I whip my fingers around as if to say, whoopee. 
Syn hides his smirk behind a napkin. Even Ren has to look away to keep me from seeing his grin. 
“Face it, Ren, you love that I challenge you.” I throw a grape and hit him in the head.
He leaps up and grabs me out of my chair and twirls me. 
“Stop. I’m going to get sick.” I manage to say in between laughing.
He twirls a few more times and sets me down but pulls me to him. “I do love that you challenge me.” His fingertips gently touch my head and slide down my face until his thumb caresses my lips. “I love what you are. Everything about you. I should. You’re everything I’ve ever wanted, but you have to trust me sometimes.”
“Sometimes?”
“Always.”
He kisses me before I can say anything else. He lifts me up until my legs are around his waist, and he walks us over to the banister. He sets me down and starts for my zipper.
I grab his hands. “Greedy angel. You’re all about the zipper, aren’t you?”
He grins. “You need more kissing?”
I study the banister. It’s not wide enough for what he’s planning. “Maybe I should have a dress for this so I’m not sitting on the banister bare assed.”
Syn laughs so hard I think he’s going to pass out. 
Ren snaps his fingers, and I’m suddenly wearing a black dress. He looks down. “Better?” His hands go under my dress and in an instant pulls my panties off. He wads them up and shoves them in his back pocket. He looks around. “No bare asses on the banister? Wouldn’t want the delicate Cassandra to get a splinter.”
I pull him towards me hard. I unzip him and grab all of him.
He closes his eyes and moans. “Oh, I love it when you’re angry with me.” He blows out his breath.
“Really?” I grab at him harder and pull him towards me.
He groans and puts his hands on my breasts and tries to pull my dress apart.
I grab his hands again and shake my finger at him. I look around. “I’m not going to be here with my legs in the air and my bare titties flying in the breeze for anyone to see.”
Ren looks around. “There’s no one here.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Syn says. “I’ll wait over here. I don’t like heights.”
“No bare titties,” I warn.
Ren shakes his head. “You are the bossiest thing.” He pulls me towards him and pushes inside me. 
I almost lose my balance.
I grab Ren quickly and hold on like a vice.
“I’ve got you,” Ren says. “Always. Trust me.”
I look into his eyes and slowly let go of him as he quickens the pace. I let myself lean backwards until there’s nothing except Ren holding me. He grabs my legs, and I lock them behind him.
I let my arms fly free as I look at the ground upside down as Ren intensifies his movements. I could do this forever. I feel so free. Safe. “Amazing.”
“Thank you,” Ren says.
“I mean how far up are we?”
Ren sighs. “Can’t even give me one compliment. About twenty feet,” he says in between jagged breaths.
I glimpse movement down below, and I notice the wolves watching us. “Why are they such perverts?”
For the briefest seconds, I wonder if this is how it would be with Makus. I quickly sit up and stare into Ren’s wide eyes. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to go there.”
He stills inside me and pulls out. He starts to leave, but I keep my legs around him. I hug him tightly. “I’m sorry, Ren. Truly. I didn’t intend my mind to go there. Not at all.”
He puts his arms on the banister to steady himself. But after a few minutes, he hugs me back. Finally. “It’s okay.”
We stay that way for the longest time, and I feel safe in his arms. “If I choose you—”
“When you choose us,” he reminds. “I don’t do second place. Ever.”
“Will you take my memories of them away?”
He pulls back so he can look in my eyes. “Would you want that? Not to remember the demon or warlock?”
Do I? Yes. I’d have to, wouldn’t I? “I wouldn’t want that to ever happen again. And I couldn’t miss them. It would hollow me.” 
He kisses me gently. “Yes, if that’s what you want.”
I nod. 
He lifts me up and twirls me around and sets me down on Syn’s lap.
“Hello beautiful.”
In a fluid movement, Syn pulls my legs around him and jumps up and walks me into the house and puts me down on the sofa. “I’m sorry, but I need the bare titties.”
I laugh as I take off his shirt. “And I need to look at you. Touch you.”
He looks down at his bare chest. “Better?”
“Just a minute.” I unzip his pants and pull them off until he’s naked on top of me. “Much better.” 
I put my arms over my head and clasp my wrists together and wait for him to take my dress off which he does in one rip.
“Sorry. I’ll get you a new one.”
“I prefer the jeans and t-shirt anyway.”
I wrap my legs around him as tight as I can, and he guides himself inside me.
I keep in time with his rhythm and wonder how I could ever have chosen anyone over Syn. Our bodies fit perfectly together.
He threads his fingers through mine over my head and looks in my eyes. “I love you, Cassandra.”
“I know.” I blink and see Bast on top of me.
Syn jumps up. “What was that?”
I hold my head. The pain is intense. Ren runs back inside. “What’s going on?”
“They’re doing something to her.”
Ren grabs me. “Look at me, Cassandra. Look in my eyes.”
I try to open my eyes, but all I see is Bast and Makus. Bright lights. Pain. Torture. Hell. 
“Open your eyes, Cassandra.”
I force my eyes open, and instantly the images disappear. “What the fuck was that?”
Syn gets dressed. “They definitely don’t want us touching her.”
Ren hands me my panties, jeans and t-shirt. “I don’t care what they want. They die for that.”
I get dressed quickly and look at Ren. “Then that wasn’t me before? I didn’t think of them when we were …”
Ren shakes his head.
I take a deep breath. “That wasn’t cool. At all.” 
“We’ll fix it. We’ll fix everything.” Syn holds my hand but doesn’t look at me.
“You’re worried.”
“I’m not,” Ren says quickly.
I squeeze Syn’s hand. “Are you worried about them or me?”
“Both,” he whispers. Syn closes his eyes. “We have a job.”
“Good,” Ren says. “Then we’ll be done with the abomination forever.”
Chapter 17
I open my eyes, and we’re in the same freezing diner I was in before with Team Hellion.
Everything looks the same. The short order cook glances at me and nods. The goth kid hunches over his journal. Luckily the fucking whackadoo is long gone. “What’s the job?” I ask Syn who distances himself from me immediately.
“Syn?”
Ren notices and grabs my hand. “He doesn’t want to lose you. He’ll be fine. Don’t worry about him. You’ll make the right choice.”
“Naughty Caz.”
I turn quickly to see Makus and Bast lounging in a booth and staring at me.
They get up and walk to us.
Ren steps in front of me blocking them from me. “What are you doing here?”
I glance at Syn who studies me from across the diner. 
Makus grins at me. “Really, Caz?” He leans around Ren to look at me. “No touching rule? And you let them do a hell of a lot more than touch you.”
I look into Bast’s eyes which are full of pain.   “Fucking hell.”
Ren looks back at me. “It wasn’t her intention. The time on the sofa.”
Makus raises his eyebrows. “Did you force her, angel? That would be quite the admission. I think that would make you fall.”
“I didn’t force her. You know that.”
Bast nods. “Oh, I know. No one has to force Caz to open her legs.”
I look at Bast. I didn’t realize he could hurt me like that. Then I realize how much I must have hurt him.
Ren pushes Bast. “You watch your tone with her, warlock.”
I study Makus. “You going to give me shit too?”
Makus raises his hands. “You always come back to me. Course, I’m not your actual soulmate.” He pats Bast on the shoulder. “The tears the big guy shed. Destroyed the entire RV. Even got rid of the driver. Tore him to pieces. I couldn’t even find all of him.”
I step away from them and walk to Syn. “What’s the job?”
His eyes reflect the same pain that Bast’s do. “Isn’t this your dream? Get us all in one place? Do us all at the same time?”
I throw up my hands and walk away.
Makus slams his fist on the table and laughs. “I have no issue with that.” He looks around. “I don’t see a sofa.”
“Or a banister,” Bast spits out while he intensifies his glare to me.
“Yeah, the banister,” Makus says. “That took quite the balance, Caz. I was impressed. Would rather have seen you fully naked, but I didn’t have to wait long, did I reaper?”
Syn’s body tenses up.
I look back at Bast.
“You didn’t even let us touch you.”
I jump up on a table. “Okay, we all need to take a deep breath. Get over ourselves. We’ve got a job.”
“Then you choose,” Syn says. “I swear, Cassandra, if you’ve strung me along just to break my heart.”
“What’s the job, Syn?”
He stares at me.
“Syn,” Ren yells. “The job.”
The reaper closes his eyes and tries to calm himself. He points to the corner. We all follow his point and see the goth kid.
I walk towards the booth but stop in front of Makus and Bast. “Why are you here? Do you have a job?”
Makus looks me up and down. “What was it like slumming with an angel and reaper? Why don’t we go in the back so the two of us can do to you what they did? I guarantee you won’t be walking around so soon after.”
I don’t flinch. “The job? Do you have one or not?”
Makus laughs. “I love it when you get angry at me. Isn’t that what you said, angel, when you had her on the balcony? The way she tugged at you. Of course she wouldn’t have been able to get her hand around all of me.”
“The fuck with this.” I know there’s only one way out of the mess, and that’s to finish the job and choose. Once and for all. 
I rush past everyone and sit in the booth opposite the goth kid. He flinches when I sit down, but he doesn’t look at me.
I don’t need eye contact to read him. I look through him. I see his past, his present, his future. I stop. One of his futures. I glance quickly at Ren who smiles at me and nods.
His past is full of pain. His present sucks. He’s bullied. Beaten. Harassed on a daily, sometimes hourly basis. I see his future. I force myself to stay put when every cell in my body wants to jump up and take his heart in my hands until he’s dead. I try to see other futures. Alternatives. 
I don’t see anything, but I won’t give up. I glance down at his journal. Before, he wrote, threatened, swore about Steve, but now there are images. Horrifying images of violence. Death. Pain. He knows I’m looking at the journal so he slams it shut.
I take a deep breath. Come on, I have to trust that I don’t just see the only future. There has to be others. I glance back. Ren is nodding. Syn is still sulking. Makus is not smiling or grinning at all which is disturbing. Bast still hasn’t changed expressions.
I look at the goth kid. Through him. Then I see it. I see them. Alternate futures. Six of them. Only one ends with him being a total asshole and throwing his soul away. In his other futures, he helps. I know it sounds trite, but he actually makes the world a better place.
Makus sighs, but I ignore him.
I slowly place my hand over goth kid’s hands which shake at my touch. “It’s okay.” Then I see it all. “Steve. You’re the Steve you wrote about. All that violence. You’re wanting to do it all to yourself?”
He shakes as a few tears stream down his face and splash to his journal. Then I realize the cover of his journal is covered with the same splash marks. 
“It’s alright, Steve. I have friends here who will make you safe.”
For the first time, he lifts his head up and looks at me.
I point towards Ren. “See him over there?”
“Which one? The demon? Or the angry warlock?”
“No, the an… What in the actual fuck? How do you know what they are?”
He shrugs and a glimpse of a smile appears.
I lean forward. “Do you know what I am?”
He nods.
I sit back and throw my arms up. “You’re going to be fine, Steve. Seriously. You’re farther along than me.” I motion for Ren to come over.
Steve smiles and starts to get out of the booth, but he stops. “Which side are you going to choose?”
I sigh. “Dude, deal with your own shit and I’ll deal with mine.” I put my head down against the table. Is that it? Is that the job? The last job before I decide? I raise my head and look at the four who study me.
Bast’s anger has died down. He now stares at me with the saddest eyes. I watch Syn who still can barely look at me. I don’t dare glance at the soul makers. The only way through something difficult is a straight line. I can’t stall. I can’t squirm out of it.
I stand up, and I’m in the middle of a street. I turn around and keep turning around. “Okay.” Then I realize when I look down. “Clever. It’s an actual crossroads.”
Chapter 18
“So, this is it. This is where I make my decision.” I jump up and down and shake my arms around. “Don’t know why that would work.” Okay, calm myself. Think. I close my eyes and concentrate. I see my own future, and I instantly open my eyes. “The choice is so clear, isn’t it?” I nod. “Okay, let’s do this. I’ve made my choice.”
Someone clears their throat behind me.
I laugh. “That was fast. I thought you’d at least give me five minutes or something.” I turn around to see a girl standing there. She has red hair, a purple bow and a bright white lacy dress.
I glance right and left. Nobody else is around. “Sorry, but I didn’t choose you.”
She rolls her eyes and stomps her foot. “Asshole.”
I step back. “Mouthy. What are you like seven?”
She sighs and puts her arms over her chest. “I had my ninth birthday right before I was taken. Thank you very much.”
I put my hands up. “Sorry. What do you mean taken?”
She puts her head back and yells. “I thought you said she’d be quicker.”
I glance around. “Who are you talking to?”
She sighs like I’m just the ass end of her shitty day. “Okay, one time you chose Makus and Bast.” She leans in and cups her hand over the side of her mouth like she’s whispering a secret to me. “I get it. They are totally hot. I bet they give great oral.”
“Why would a nine year old talk about that?”
She turns around and throws up her hands. She stomps and paces and then returns to me. “I only look nine. Try to keep up. I was taken hundreds of years ago.”
“Okay.” I motion for her to continue.
“When you chose Makus and Bast, that threw the balance off. Then you chose Syn and Ren. I get that too. The banister scene and the sofa scene. Totally hot.”
“What the fuck?”
She glares at me. “You swear a lot.”
“Fuck you.”
She squeezes her mouth around. “I like you. I didn’t think I would. Thought you’d be a weepy bitch.”
I turn around and around. “Is there a grown up here I can deal with?”
She snaps her fingers. “You made another choice. They don’t even know you shouldn’t be choosing.”
“What does that mean?”
She glares at me. “What did I just say about the balance?”
“I’m the balance?”
“Good girl. You figured that out all by yourself.”
“If you didn’t look like a nine year old I’d kick your ass.”
She taps her foot. “You could try, but you’d only embarrass yourself.”
 “Fucking hell. Is this a test or something? See if I can go through an entire conversation without killing her?” I look around, but no one else answers me.
“Did you really think that would work?”
I shrug. “Maybe.” I motion for her to get on with it. My patience is wearing thin.
“Did you figure out who I am yet?”
I shake my head. “Was I supposed to?”
She jumps up and down and has a full on tantrum. It’s actually fun to watch a red-haired girl get all red faced and jump around like she’s covered by ravenous fire ants. “The story the angel told you. I was a pure soul before those monsters took everything?”
I look at her. “You’re her?”
“They took me when you chose good. Then chose evil. Then chose good again. You go back and forth like a fucking rubber band.”
“Nice mouth.”
“Back atcha cupcake.”
“If you didn’t have red hair, I’d swear you were me when I was younger.”
She jumps back and grimaces. “Thanks for the insult. Both sides need the balance. It’s only the ones you’re dealing with who don’t know that. Ren and Syn on team good. Bast and Makus on team bad. If they thought with their brains and not their oversized dicks …”
I nod. “True that.”
She leans in. “Didn’t it hurt? I mean they aren’t exactly average.”
“It’s not my first time at the rodeo. Let’s boil this bitch down. What does this have to do with me?”
She smiles at me. “You finally made the right choice.”
I step back. “You know my choice?”
She nods and smiles the wickedest smile I’ve ever seen.
I step back. “Scheisse. You’re pure evil, aren’t you?”
She curtsey’s. “Lucifer’s right hand.”
“Did you tell her?” A voice behind me asks. 
I whip around to see the same little girl staring at me. I look at both of them. “Not twins?”
Evil twin nods.
Good twin walks up to me, smiles and puts her hand out to me. I shake her hand. 
“Lollipop?” 
“No.”
“You sure?” Good twin asks. “I have all flavors.”
“For Christ’s sake, she doesn’t want it.”
Good twin shakes her finger. “Do not take the Lord’s name in vain. I will not warn you again.”
Evil twin shakes. “Terrifying.” She rolls her eyes.
I’m lightheaded all of a sudden. 
“Let’s move this along,” evil twin says. “I’m sure it’s been like ten minutes since she’s had her legs wrapped around one of her harem. She’ll start to go into withdrawal. Bet your thinking about it right now.”
“No. I’m thinking where to hide your body.”
The good twin stomps her foot. “You do not have to be so crude all the time, Mary.”
“Sure I do, Mary,” evil twin says.
I don’t even want to go there. Twins. Both named Mary.
“Yeah, it’s a real brain buster, isn’t it, sweetheart?”
I laugh because I can’t believe the shade from evil twin. “Okay,” I say. “Before we go all twin fight… let me guess…” I look at the good twin. “You were taken one of the times I chose evil?”
The good twin nods her head. “I don’t mind. I get to live in heaven surrounded by angels and all the best people who’ve ever lived.”
“Boring,” evil twin says, as she makes a yawning gesture.
“So, like my evil counterpart said, you finally made the right choice.”
I nod and think about it. “I tried to choose, but I couldn’t give any of them up.”
The good twin nods as she licks the biggest lollypop I’ve ever seen.
“Thanks for offering me one, asshole.” Evil twin eyes the lollypop. “Right now, evil and good are both in balance. If you choose one side over the other, everything goes to fuck.”
Good twin gasps. “Hey, watch your mouth.”
In an instant, Makus, Bast, Ren and Syn stand in front of us.
They all smile at me like I’ve chosen their side until they realize the other side is there too.
Syn looks to Ren. “What is happening? Why are they here?”
Makus sees the twins and bows his head at the evil twin. “Good to see you again, Mary.”
She blushes and giggles. “You’re right, Makus, she is perfect for you.”
He looks at me. “Let me guess, you didn’t choose.”
“My choice is that I couldn’t choose.”
Bast sighs and looks down at the ground.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t lose any of you.”
Bast’s expression softens. “I guess that’s not bad. You can make it up to us.”
Evil twin looks Bast over and then winks at me. “Totally hot. He’s the one with the pierced tongue. What’s that like? Anything else pierced?”
Bast looks at me and nods, and my mind goes blank for a good five minutes. Well not actually blank. I did think about the piercings. Come on, who wouldn’t?
Good twin clears her throat as she looks at me.
“Sorry.” I look at Syn whose eyes reflect the same pain as Bast’s. “Please forgive me, but I couldn’t.”
He nods at me. I know he’s disappointed but relieved I didn’t automatically dismiss him.
Evil twin continues to grin at Makus. “Evil and Good…” She glances quickly at Ren and Syn before curling her lip and shaking herself off. She then looks at me. “You actually let them touch you. Put their …” she can’t say the word. “In you?” She shudders. “Anyway, both sides agree.”
Good twin jumps up and down. “We do. Both sides agree. She’s the balance between us. Hi, Ren,” she flirts. 
I stand up straight and study the twins. “What if I eventually decide?”
Evil twin covers her mouth as she giggles. “Then my side will rip the angel and reaper to pieces, put you in the fire pits of hell to be tortured forever while we choose innocent after innocent to tear to bits.” She pauses to take a breath. “Oh, and we will keep you as a temptation for anyone who feels the need to be naughty. Since you have so much practice.” She laughs hard until she chokes. 
I glance at the good twin. Surely it couldn’t be as bad. 
“My side will do the same with the demon and warlock. Oh, and the innocents will suffer too. We’ll make you watch and make sure they know it’s all your fault.” Good twin giggles. “Oh, I forgot to say that your soul will be destroyed. Your body will be tortured for all time, and we’ll have to start all over with another one that’s like you only keeping you alive as an example to the next one.”
I nod. “Good talk. Thanks for stopping by. Let’s not ever do it again.”
They giggle in unison and disappear. Thankfully the twins are gone, but so is everyone else.
I fall to my knees. I look around. I mean I’m literally in the middle of nowhere. I’m still at the crossroads. I guess this is my life from now on. “I’m the balance between good and evil.”
I wonder how it will all work. Will it be like it was before? One job with one team and one job with another? I can’t wait to see Makus and Bast. So much to make up for. So much they’re going to want me to make up for. I roll my eyes at myself because evil twin was right. 
I want them. I want them all. Now that I’ve been with Ren and Syn, I can only imagine in detail exactly what Makus and Bast have planned for me. Plus I must investigate Bast’s piercings. It’s only right.
 
Chapter 19
While wrapping myself in my own naughty fantasy, I turn around to see an RV. It’s a nice, bright, spanking new RV. I run to the door and throw it open. 
Makus sits at the table with his shirt off and his feet up. I look around for Bast, but Ren is there with the same expression Makus has.
“Where are Bast and Syn?”
Ren doesn’t take his eyes off me. “They’re safe.”
“If they remain safe …” Makus grins at me. “That will be up to you.”
The RV door slams behind me and locks me in. “Are they going to be joining us?”
“Again,” Makus says. “Up to you.” He slowly rises from the chair and walks to me.
I don’t realize that I am backing up until I back into something. Then I realize I’ve backed up into Ren. “How are you two working together?”
Makus grins as he starts to unbutton my shirt. “We’ve been given our orders. We’ve got to work together to be with you.” My shirt is off in a flash as Makus looks me over. “Good call on ditching the bra.”
“Thank you.” Ren laughs in my ear. “Cassandra, do you really need your soulmates back?”
“Yes.” My heart beats so fast I think it’ll crash out of my chest, and I’ll have to chase it around the room like an idiot. “You promise Syn and Bast are okay?” 
Ren nods.
My mind drifts into a thousand different directions. “What about the jobs?” I don’t know how I can even ask or how words came out of my mouth.
“We won’t have a job for awhile,” Ren whispers. “Now, focus on us, Cassandra. What you do next will determine the fate of your soulmates.”
My heart continues to beat so fast I wonder that anyone can hear anything else. “Will they get their souls back? Bast and Syn?”
“Again, up to you,” Ren says.
“Keeping them okay is going to require some extra effort on your part.” Makus unzips my pants, and they and my panties off in an instant. He steps back and looks me over. “You are exquisite.”
Ren kisses my neck as he threads his fingers through mine and pulls my arms over my head. “You are ours, Cassandra. Tell us. We need to hear that.”
+++
I wake up tied to a bed. Naked. “What the hell?” I’m in a bedroom I’ve never been in before.
Ren and Makus are both sitting and watching me.
“Like the view?” I ask.
Ren nods enthusiastically.
Makus smirks. “Oh yeah.” His gaze lingers on every part of me.
“Where am I?”
“In the RV,” Makus says.
My wrists and ankles are tied in some Herculean knot which a thousand sailers in a thousand hours would never bite their way through. “Which one of you fuckwads thought this was okay?” I glance around. I move my body as much as I can. “Can’t tell if you’ve touched me yet, Makus.”
He laughs quickly. “Nice try. Believe me, you’d know.”
I roll my eyes. “Is this your idea about making me wait?”
“Maybe,” Ren says.
“Maybe we’re waiting until you beg for us,” Makus says. “Until you’re so desperate for our touch. Until then, I don’t mind just watching you.” His gaze travels up and down my body. “And thinking about all the things I’m going to do to you.”
I shake my head. “I don’t get embarrassed. You know that. So, if you think this little stunt will get you anywhere.” I wait, but they don’t say anything. “You know how stubborn I am, don’t you?”
“Uh huh,” they say in unison.
I try to get comfortable and stare up at the ceiling. After a few seconds, I fume and fuss and sigh and shake my head.
“That’s it, Caz, we want you all worked up.”
“Think I’ll nap. Let me know when Bast and Syn arrive. I’ll just wait for the real men who can take me all the way there. Apparently you boys have suffered some malfunctions.”
Makus’ grin fades in an instant while Ren tenses.
I wait to see if they’ll react. “No?” Guess I’ll have to amp up. “If you alphas go at the same time, does that mean I’ll get my soulmates? Because that will be hot. I can picture it now. Bast with all his muscles and piercings bringing me to the edge of sanity. Syn with the way he thrusts inside me like I’m the strongest, most fragile thing he’s ever seen.”
“Stop,” Makus says.
“Make me, demon.”
Ren and Makus share a look, and Ren shakes his head. 
“Are you two already sated because you bent each other over the counter and went to town?” I laugh like a demented hyena. “Hot demon and angel action. Hope you recorded it for shits and giggles.”
Makus’ eyes turn black and red as he stops himself from lunging out of the chair.
Ren’s body shakes. “Cassandra, I’m warning you.”
“Yeah, yeah. Tiny angel gets all red faced and hits his tiny fists against the floor. It’s truly terrifying.”
They’re pissed. I can tell, but they don’t  move out of their chairs.
“Assholes. Untie me now or your tiny pricks will never get anywhere near me again.”
“You are ours. Remember?” Makus says.
I nod and act like I’m going to go all weepy. “I know. You’re right. You’re always right. But I have two soulmates.” I look each of them over and harden my gaze. “Neither of which are you. Wake me when the food’s ready.”
“Cassandra,” Ren says, as he starts to stand up.
Makus makes a grunt which stops the angel.
I gasp. “Does this mean the angel doesn’t have free will?” I shudder.
Ren blows out a breath and shakes his head like he’s thinking of all his options.
I make a pouting face to Ren. “Just bat your brown eyes at evil Makus and drop your panties. He’ll be yours in a flash.”
 “I swear, Caz.” Makus has to stifle his laughter. “You are seriously the only person in all of creation that can get away with talking to us like that. Just tell us you’re ours and I’ll untie you. Then you can do anything you want to us. Or we’ll do anything you want us to do to you.”
“Okay,” I say. I start to take a deep breath like I’m going to speak but start laughing.
Makus stops me by lunging out of his chair and putting his finger against my lips. “You are the most infuriating little thing, aren’t you?”
“Right back at you, demon.” I know he can tell his touch warms me and makes me giddy.
“Yes, I know you want me,” he whispers. “And I know it’s torture for you that we’re not touching you.”
I nod and move my body towards him even though I’m still tied up.
He caresses my face and runs his thumb over my lips and down across my breasts as my nipples harden to his touch. “My soulless one. My greatest creation. Say my name. Tell me you’re mine.”
I grin at him. “You want your …” I pause to look him over. “ … everything just on the tip of my tongue.”
Makus closes his eyes and swallows hard. “Yes. Please, Caz.”
I open my mouth like I’m going to tell him everything he’s ever wanted. “Ren, did I ever tell you how beautiful your eyes are?”
Makus shakes his head. “Such insolence.”
I nod. “You really want to punish me, don’t you Makus?” I know saying his name will send him over the edge.
He moans and looks my body over before he closes his eyes. “More than anything I’ve ever wanted.” He leans close to me. “I am yours, Caz. Just say my name and tell me you’re mine. I want to hear that from you. I need to hear that.”
I stretch out and try to get comfortable.
Makus’ face turns bright red as he tries to suppress his grin. He turns around then glances at me once more before stomping out of the room.
Ren gets up slowly and leans over me. He starts to kiss me, but backs away just before I close my eyes and await his touch. “The longer you make us wait, Cassandra …” He saunters out of the room.
“I know.” I sigh in anticipation not knowing if this is more punishment for them or myself.
Playing with them is fun. And I know they’ll make me relish every exquisite inch of them when I finally tell them what they need to hear. Didn’t know an angel and demon could be so fucking needy.
“We heard that,” they say in unison in the other room. 
Didn’t know when I first saw them on the roof that I’d end up tied to a bed, naked, in a battle of wills. An angel and a demon. Together. I close my eyes as I order myself not to give in too soon. The anticipation of them is unbearable. 
They laugh in the other room.
Makus leans against the door frame. “My beautiful, Caz, you can have us. We’re right here. Just tell us what we want to hear.”
I shake my head and try to quiet my brain.
Makus grins. “You know I can hear your thoughts.”
I nod. “Why do I have to be so stubborn?” I glance at him. “Did you make me this way?”
His grin turns very devious and playful. “Maybe.” He laughs as he walks away.
“My reward better be worth all this.”
“Oh, it will be,” Ren says.
I close my eyes thinking I can sleep or think of a thousand other things, but my eyes pop open quickly. Why rest when I can torture my tormentors with all sorts of images that will drive them mad? 
They sigh and moan in the other room.
“You boys better get cozy. Enjoy the show while I think of a list of my own demands for both of you.”

Rivers Fall (Book 2)
My name’s Cassandra (Caz). Half of my soul was created in heaven, and the other half was forged in hell. An angel and a demon have claimed me, and I also have two soul mates who are bound to me. The catch? They’re all mortal enemies. Does that mean I’m good or evil or a bit of both? Now there’s a mysterious stranger who knows about me and my destiny. She says she used to be just like me - created the same way by the same angel and demon who are determined to keep me from finding the truth. Like I said, my name’s Cassandra (Caz), and I’m not afraid of demons, angels, warlocks, reapers, heaven, or hell. They should be afraid of me.
** Mature Content: Language/Sexual Situations; Recommended 18+ ** 
Also by Larisa Long
Y. A. Regency Romance
The Bering Sisters: A Regency Romance 

Dystopian/Paranormal Romance
Chosen Rye

Reverse Harem/Paranormal Romance
Immortal Reign Series
Her New Reign: Book 1 
Her Reign of Choice: Book 2 
Her Immortal Reign: Book 3
Her Immortal Three (Coming June 2019)


Reverse Harem/Urban Fantasy/Paranormal Romance
**(Mature Warning: 17+ for Sexual Situations/Language)** 
Angels of Shadows
Snow Rises: Book 1 
Rivers Fall: Book 2
Angels of Shadows: Book 3
Forged in Heaven & Created in Hell (Coming soon)
