Society Girls: Sierra
Book #1 of Society Girls

By Crystal Perkins
Copyright © 2016 by Crystal Perkins

Cover Design by Helen Williams
www.allbookedout.com

Ebook Formatting by Jesse Gordon
adarnedgoodbook.com

All trademarks are owned by their respective companies and are denoted by the use of proper capitalization of the company and/or brand. All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book. This contemporary erotic romance is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners. This ebook is licensed for your personal use only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with, especially if you enjoy sexy, emotional, romance novels with alpha males. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

About Society Girls: Sierra
Other books by Crystal Perkins
Praise for Books by Crystal Perkins
The Beginning
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Epilogue
Acknowledgements
About the Author
About Society Girls: Sierra
When Sierra Taylor’s brother, Zack, fell in love with a spy from the Society, she wished she could join the secret group. Knowing that wasn’t an option, she went back to work at the auction house in her hometown. Now, with Reina Corrigan running things, the Society has recruited her as a trainee. She’s not worried about passing the classes on etiquette, technology, or even hand to hand combat. It’s mastering languages that’s giving her a hard time. Or at least one language in particular: Portuguese. The language that her brother’s infuriating friend can help her with—at a price she knows she shouldn’t want to pay.

Joel Cruz was born in Brazil, but has lived in the States for most of his life. The son of diplomats, he found his calling when he first picked up a baseball bat. He also found himself surrounded by plenty of women willing to be on his arm in public, and in his bed at night. Sierra Taylor is one of the only women who has ever said no to him. Unfortunately for her, she needs his help, and in order to receive it, she’ll have to say yes. To everything—and anything—he wants from her.

Training in the Society is pass or fail, and failure is not an option Sierra’s willing to consider. Can she master the language, while keeping the player out of her heart? Or will she strike out on both counts, and lose it all?
Other Books by Crystal Perkins
The Griffin Brothers series
Gaming For Love (The Griffin Brothers #1)
Building Our Love (The Griffin Brothers #2)
Creating A Love (The Griffin Brothers #3)
Learning To Love (The Griffin Brothers #4)
Designing The Love (The Griffin Brothers #5)
Working On Love (The Griffin Brothers #6)
Keeping Their Love (The Griffin Brothers #7)

Corrigan & Co. series
Fielding Her SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #1)
Devouring the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #2)
Rocking a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #3)
Lessons in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #4)
Uncovering His SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #5)
Training the SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #6)
Inheriting a SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #7)
Tending Their SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #8)
Playing in SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #9)
Loving My SECRET (Corrigan & Co., #10)
Society Weddings (a Corrigan & Co. novella)

Other books
Never Fear-Phobias Horror Anthology
(Chronophobia short story)
Never Fear-Christmas Terrors Anthology
(Silent Fright short story)
Praise for Books by Crystal Perkins
“People should be free to love whoever their heart leads them, too. And this author did a great job of presenting a passionate love between 2 people who are seen as different from each other as dictated by society, but this difference wasn't a part of the love they share. Ms. Perkins did an admirable job of dealing with the issue (and other issues) as a non issue, if that makes sense.” -DianeM, Amazon Reviewer, Creating A Love

“I love this series!!!!!! Crystal has the amazing ability to bring her characters to life. I laugh with them, I hurt with them, I smile with them, and I cry with them.” -Jessica, Amazon reviewer, The Griffin Brothers series

“I love how Crystal makes the characters feel like real people.” -Tami, Amazon Reviewer, Learning To Love

“This is a lovely romance story that has a sexy sizzle to it but it's funny as well as it is somewhat edgy. I like that the hero has money but it's not the focal point in this story. I love that the heroine has problems but they are not so insurmountable that they take over the story. This is good old-fashioned romance done with a modern day twist. Well Done.” -Kindle Customer, Amazon Reviewer, Gaming For Love

“I found this book on Amazon yesterday and loved the cover. I read the synopsis and knew I had to get it. So I purchased it and started to read it right away. Oh my, I could not put the book down. I got so wrapped up in the story I was afraid to put my Kindle down or I would miss a part.” -Amazon Customer, Gaming For Love

“I thought this was a fantastic start to a series, and kind of first book of a series that makes you want to rush out and buy each additional book in the series. The premise of a strong group of women working together to help other women in need was pretty awesome. I loved how C0rrigan & Co was a secret covert company along the same lines as the underground railroad but it saved women from sticky situations or abusive relationships.” -Aubrey, Romancing the Book blog, Fielding Her SECRET

“I had so many different emotions while reading. I was rooting people, wanting kick people, wanting to rip some peoples clothes off, laughing while reading, gasping out loud. Seriously, I read this like a crazy person. So much happened that I was not mentally prepared for. There were so many shockers while reading this I could not even think about putting the book down.” -Sabrina, Amazon Reviewer, Devouring the SECRET

“Love this book the suspense and sex is EPIC.” -Teresa Jensen, Amazon Reviewer, Rocking a SECRET

“Perkins breathes life into their characters and has the reader feeling their agony, pain, and even their love for one-another. I enjoy reading her books and learning more and more about each of the people that make up this secretive group.” -Dayreader Reviews, Corrigan & Co. series

“In the end I am somehow proud of you Crystal Perkins. How you portrayed Ellie and her and Aiden love. I know I have no right to be, and it's really not my place to say but I am proud I read it and I recommend it to all women so they can see how strong We can be.” -Marta Bukoswka, Goodreads Reviewer, Tending Their SECRET

“The story flowed well and kept my attention throughout. There was one part I was totally not expecting to happen. I love when that happens.” -Lisa Dess, Girls With Books blog, Training Her SECRET

“Wow this story! There are some stories and characters that leave you speechless, breathless and at times slightly broken, and Loving my SECRET Matt & Reina's story is definitely one of them!” -Vicki Plant, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET

“I laughed I cried and there many times that I wanted to throw my device.” -Mallory, Goodreads Reviewer, Loving My SECRET

“Perkins gives the reader a quick peak into the Weddings of the amazing ladies in the society. What a fun roller coaster ride it was.” -Taz Lozada, Goodreads Reviewer, Society Weddings


The Corrigan & Co. Foundation is a cover for the Society, a group of women helping to rid the world of evil, and right ever wrong that they can. Originally founded by five powerful women, leadership of this secret group is now in the hands of Reina Corrigan, and her nine friends. The ten veterans are training ten new agents, from all walks of life, to replace them in the field. Just like those before them, the new recruits will need to find a way to balance falling in love with honoring their commitment, and passing their rigorous training. The Society isn’t just a job, it’s a way of life. Training is necessary, loyalty is non-negotiable, and failure is never an option!

For all of you who wanted to know about how the Society girls were trained, and asked me to peel back the layers of my secret society, this new series is for you!
The Beginning
Sierra

When Reina Corrigan calls and asks you to come to her office, you don’t say no. At least, I don’t, and I think I’d be hard pressed to find anyone else who’d say no to her, either. She’s intimidating as Hell, even though I know she’s super cool, too. Anyway, here I am, waiting in the lobby of the Corrigan & Co. Foundation. Trying not to bite my nails, or fidget too much as Alex Corrigan smiles at me.
“You can go in now, Sierra,” she tells me.
“Thanks.”
I make my way down the hall and raise my hand to knock. The double doors of Reina’s office open before my hand can connect. I chuckle as I look inside, seeing my sister-in-law, Ainsley, and her friend Darcy inside the office as well as Reina and Jane Corrigan.
“Please come in, Sierra,” Reina tells me with a smile.
I walk in and take the open seat next to Darcy. “I didn’t realize this was a group thing,” I say, pulling at the bottom of my patterned blouse as I bite my lip. “I have no idea why I’m here, and I’m honestly even more confused right now than I was sitting out there waiting.”
“I’m sorry for all of the secrecy, but even though you know what we really do here, what we need to discuss with you is something new, and, well, pretty exciting for us.”
I do know what really goes on here. Besides the great work the Foundation does publicly, they do even more privately. The women of the Society are spies. Ten agents who go undercover, and help right the wrongs that are committed against those who can’t protect themselves. They also sometimes take on private jobs, like figuring out who’s trying to sabotage a football team. Which is how I found out about them—they saved me, my brother, and a whole football stadium full of players and fans.
Ainsley was undercover, and while Zack was pissed at her for it, I was intrigued. Since then, she’s taught me how to shoot a gun and use other weapons, how to hack into computer systems, and some other really cool things. There’s never been a guarantee that a Society position would open up, but I’m in a good position should that happen. I’m hoping it’s happening right now.
“What’s new?” I ask, trying to hide my excitement.
“As you are well aware, every woman in the Society is currently married, some are having babies, and pretty much everyone has been in the public eye recently. As a result, we’ve decided to bring in a whole new group of women, all at once for the first time, to train as agents.”
“Yes.”
“We haven’t asked you anything, my dear.” Jane reminds me with a smile.
“Oh. I just thought…I mean…why am I here?”
“So we can ask you if you want to try to become one of us,” Darcy tells me with a laugh.
“Yes. I want to. Yes.” I don’t even care that I sound like an idiot. I want this.
“It’s not going to be easy. You will have to pass ten different areas of training. Some may be easier for you than others, but all need to be mastered. There’s only pass or fail with us. We can’t have it any other way, because when we go out on missions, lives are at stake,” Reina tells me.
“I understand.”
“I’ve shown her some things already. I have faith in her,” Ainsley says.
“Thanks,” I tell her.
“We all have faith in you, Sierra. You wouldn’t be here otherwise,” Reina lets me know.
“What do I have to do?”
“As for right now, nothing. I—we—want to take the time to make sure we do this right, since it’s never been done before with ten women at once. I’m anticipating that it will take around a year to get things up and running. In the meantime, go about your daily life almost like you normally would.”
“Almost?”
“Yes,” she tells me with a smile. “I want you to pay closer attention to what is going on around you. Both in your daily interactions, and in the news. While you may not be officially training yet, it’s going to be beneficial for you to start working on things already. Keep going to the gun range and working on your computer skills.”
“Okay. I can do that. There’s just one thing,” it’s something I’m worried about because of what she said about why they are doing this.
“You’re worried about being in the spotlight.”
“Yes. There have been some new stories on our family, and while I’m not a household name, there are people who know who I am.” That just comes with the territory when your brother’s a football god.
“We’re actually thinking we can use it to our advantage. Just like with Ainsley, Darcy, Audrey, and me, you’ll be invited places that we need to get into. Other times, we’ll teach you how to disguise yourself to blend in.”
“That’s a relief.”
“You wouldn’t be here if Reina thought there’d be a problem,” Jane tells me.
“So when the year is up, what happens?”
“It may be less than a year, but when the time comes, you’ll move into an apartment in our building and start training. Darcy will be mentoring you, and while you’ll have some free time, most of your days and nights will be spent trying to pass your classes.”
“You’re mentoring me, Darce?” I ask.
“Yes. When you let me hide out with you last year, you told me you wanted to be one of us, and also that you didn’t want it to be because I was kicked out. You impressed me, and I want the chance to help you through this. I won’t go easy on you, but I’ll support you however I can.”
“I didn’t think I could be impartial,” Ainsley explains, looking worried.
“It’s fine,” I tell her. “I can’t wait to work with all of you, and I’m glad to have Darcy as my mentor. I won’t fail. I promise”
I mean it. Failure is not an option for me. I want to be a part of the Society more than I’ve ever wanted anything else in my life. Yes, I went to college, and I’ve been working in an auction house for the last couple of years, but I’ve never felt like that was my calling. This—the Society—is what I’ve wanted since I knew it existed. No matter what they throw at me, I’ll pass these classes. I have to.

* * *

One year later

Sierra

It’s finally here. Day one of my training in the Society. Today we’re getting all of our security clearances, filling out forms, receiving our class schedules, and moving into our apartments. It feels a little like college again, but more intense. There are four other girls with me in the elevator that’s descending to the bowels of the Corrigan & Co. building. I don’t recognize any of them, but I smile at them, and they smile back.
Stepping off the elevator, I hear a yell, and then I’m enveloped in a hug from no less than a princess. “Hi Jen,” I tell her with a laugh.
“I’m so glad to see you, Si.”
Jenysis is Darcy’s husband’s cousin. He gave up his kingdom for her, and Jen’s dad took over as king, making her a princess. She was a Lady before, I think. All I know is that I’m as glad to see her as she is to see me. We met over a year ago, and we’ve stayed in contact. Of course, neither of us could tell the other we were being recruited.
“You, too.”
“I didn’t realize I was walking into a sorority house,” a bitchy looking blonde says with a sneer on her face.
“So not a sorority girl,” I say, glaring right back at her. “Not that it’s really any of your business.”
“Actually, anything that goes on with one of you will be important to all of you,” Reina says, walking in with a scowl on her face and her girls at her back. “The bond you form with one another is just as important as the training you’ll be receiving. You’ll have to depend on each other, and trust each other, while you’re on missions. And it will be the support and help from your friends that will help you get through this training. I’ve leaned on these nine women more than I ever thought I would, and they all know I’d do the same for them. Sisterhood is paramount to us. We would never hurt or betray one another, and we expect you all to feel the same way about each other. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Let’s get started.”
Darcy comes over and gives me a hug before leading me to her office. I take a seat, and she motions to a packet on the table in front of me.
“This has everything you need to know for right now in it. Someone from Ainsley’s team will be by to do your hand and retina scans. Those will get you into the elevators and our rooms here, as well as your apartment. Chloe Griffin took your color choices and style into consideration, and created an apartment for you that I think you’ll love. Your place isn’t as big as ours, but if you pass, you’ll be moved to a custom place on a higher floor.”
“I’m sure the apartment will be perfect.” Hell, I’d live in a box if it meant I could work here.
She nods, and then looks serious. “We have to go over the results of the tests we had you take last month.”
“Okay.”
“You scored high in technology, weapons, sparring, fashion, and research. You did okay in analysis, etiquette, science, and blending. Languages is where it looks like we may have a problem.”
“I took Spanish in high school. I still remember most of it.”
“I know. That helps a little, but you’re going to need to master at least three other languages, and one of them has to be complex. I think you’ll be fine with French, and Italian for two of them. For the other one, you can choose between Arabic, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Hebrew, Turkish, or Russian.”
“Do I have to decide now?” I ask, panicking. I knew training wouldn’t be easy, but I didn’t expect a big obstacle so soon.
“Not right now, but Reina will want to know what you choose by the end of the week so she can plan out your studies.”
“Reina is teaching languages?”
“Yes. She’s fluent in pretty much every language on the planet.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah, I know. She’s all that, and a bag of chips. No pressure for the rest of us.”
“What are you teaching?”
“You can’t laugh.”
“Okay,” I tell her with a shrug. I know she used to be a cat burglar, so I’m guessing it’s blending.
“Etiquette.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, oh. Apparently all of my princess training has made me the expert. It’s pretty embarrassing.”
“I think you’re still a bad-ass.”
“Thanks.”
We spend the rest of the day going over the paperwork I need to fill out, my salary while training—which is more in a month than I made in the last year an assistant at the auction house in Seattle—and various policies and procedures. Basically, everyone else in the building will think we are Foundation interns, and we have to act the part. It’s a simple form of on-the-job training, but an important one. We can’t slip up. Not that I intend to. I had no problem playing the part of intern while flirting with the junior execs from C&C in the cafeteria this morning. Now I just need to worry about mastering a complex language.
Chapter 1
Joel

I don’t know what I’m doing here. Actually, I do—I just don’t want to admit it to myself. Zack Taylor, invited me over for some kind of celebration for his sister, and I came running. Not to see Taylor, who I became friends with a few years ago when we were both participating in a charity event. Oh, no. I’m hoping to see his sister. The one who took my breath away when I saw her walking down the aisle at his wedding, and then had my dick coming to life when she threw back shots, and shook her ass on the dance floor during the reception. She seemed to be going out of her way to ignore me, and even turned me down when I asked her to dance, but I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her. Which explains why I’m standing here in the middle of Taylor’s living room, despite the lack of single females who’d be willing to blow me in the backyard.
There are a few single ladies, but that’s just it—they’re ladies. No bat bunnies, although admittedly, I haven’t had one of those in over a year. When I got hurt, and had to come here to Vegas to get back into shape with the farm team, the ones back home forgot about me. Until the rumors about my return started circling, and now they all want a piece of me again. The problem is, I don’t want them anymore. I didn’t really know what I wanted until I saw Sierra Taylor in her bridesmaid dress. After that, no one else has held my attention, and my teammates have given me the nickname of “Eunuch” because I haven’t taken anyone home—or into a random bathroom—for months.
I’ve been back in Las Vegas for the past couple of months, working on getting back to 100% so I can rock Spring Training, and go back to the team. I haven’t had a woman here, either. My dick and I are both hoping Sierra will want to play tonight. If not, my hand might just fall off soon.
My phone rings while I’m waiting, and I smile when I see it’s my mom. I walk outside and answer, spending the next ten minutes filling her in on what’s been going on with me and how my shoulder’s doing. We speak in English, until the end where she tells me she loves me in our native Portuguese. I answer her back with a smile on my face.
“Eu também te amo, mãe. Adeus.”
“What language is that?” I hear from behind me.
I turn around, annoyed until I see that the object of my fantasies is the one who asked the question. She’s wearing one of those bandage style dresses. It’s strapless, and goes from pink on top to shades of blue, green, and white, before ending above her knees. Her long brown hair is down, and loose, making me want to grab it and pull her to me.
“Hello? Did you hear me?” she asks.
“Huh? Oh yeah. I was speaking Portuguese.”
Her eyes go wide. “I need to learn that.”
“You do?”
“Yeah. My internship with the Corrigan & Co. Foundation requires me to learn a few languages. Portuguese is one of the ones I can choose from.”
“I could help you.”
“What’s in it for you?”
“What are you offering?” I ask, stepping closer to her.
“What do you want?”
“You. I want you, Sierra.”
“In what way?” she asks, her eyes narrowed.
“In every way. I want your body in my bed, and all of you at my side for every event I have to attend while I’m in town. I want you to cook me dinner, and basically anything else I can think of. I’ll help you learn one of the hardest languages in the world, and you’ll be mine. Whenever, wherever, and however I want you.”
“I’m not that kind of girl.”
“It’s what I want,” I tell her with a shrug.
“What else can I give you? I have some money.”
I laugh right in her face. “I don’t need your money, lindeza.” I can’t help but slip that term of endearment in. She is more than pretty.
“You can’t have me.”
“Good luck, then.”
I start to walk away, but she grabs my arm. “Wait.”
“Yes?”
“Yes. I’ll do it. I have some terms—things I won’t do sexually—but I’ll sleep with you, and be your arm candy.”
“Don’t forget the dinners, and whatever else I can think of.”
“Why are you doing this? You could probably have any woman you want.”
“I only want you. Only you,” I reply honestly.
“My internship has to come first. I can’t always be at your beck and call, and I may have to cancel on you if I’m required to work.”
“I understand.”
“What if we’re not compatible.”
“In bed? I promise you will love everything I do to you, Sierra. Your pleasure is of the utmost importance to me.”
I don’t miss the shiver than runs through her body at my words. She wants me. I’m pretty sure she wanted me at the wedding, but for some reason, she fought her attraction to me. This internship must be really important to her, and I couldn’t be happier.
“When do we start?”
“Right now,” I tell her as I pull her to my side, and walk back into the house. Game on.

* * *

Sierra

I’ve never had all conversation stop when I’ve entered a room before, but it does now. Joel has his arm firmly around me, and my brother looks like he wants to commit murder. “Relax, querida,” Joel whispers in my ear.
“What does that mean? And the other word you said to me. Lind-something.”
“Lindeza,” he says, spelling it out for me with a smirk on his face. “You’ll have to tell me next time I see you. What kind of teacher would I be if I just told you the answers?”.
“This isn’t a joke to me.”
“Nor to me. I plan on taking our agreement very seriously.”
“Hello, Joel. I wasn’t expecting to see you here,” Reina says, walking up to us, along with Matt.
“Hi, Reina. It’s great to see you again,” he tells her, kissing her cheek while Matt growls.
Now I remember. When Reina was in Europe, she made out with Joel at a club. I’m pretty sure it was for some kind of mission, but I don’t know if Joel is aware of that. Matt must be, but he still looks pissed.
“I should go mingle,” I say, pulling out of Joel’s embrace. I’m not in the mood for a testosterone contest tonight.
“Go see your friends and I’ll find you before I leave,” Joel tells me.
I nod, and practically run to where I see Jen, and some of the other girls gathered. She laughs as I walk up. “He’s bloody hot.”
“Yes.”
“You have to give us more than that,” Kalila tells me.
“Yes, please. I need to live vicariously through someone, and since Jen won’t talk about her hot boy bander, you’re my only hope at the moment,” Neveah tells me.
“Wayne’s not mine,” Jen insists.
“I don’t think he knows that,” I reply with a wink. He’s definitely hers, or he would be if she’d give in and claim him.
“Anyway. Back to you and the baseball stud. What’s the deal? You’ve never even mentioned him.”
“We met briefly at Zack and Ainsley’s wedding, although I doubt he remembers that. I went outside for some air and I heard him finishing a phone call. He was speaking in another language, which turned out to be Portuguese.”
“Ooh, did you ask him to be your sexy tutor?” Matissa asks.
“No. Yes. I mean, we’ve come to an arrangement.”
“Sex and education. I like that,” Jen tells me.
“I have to cook for him, and be his arm candy sometimes, too.”
“I wish I could help you more,” she tells me getting serious.
“I know.”
I do know. We all have things we need to work on, and while we’ve promised to help each other as much as we can, we all have to pass. Most of us are meeting for two hours a day to do all we can for each other, but we need to work out things on our own as well.
“No more talk about our training. Sierra’s brother is throwing this party to celebrate our internships. We need to make sure all this food and booze doesn’t go to waste,” Harlow reminds us all.
Camari shakes her head, but follows her into the crowd, along with the rest of us. We have fun, eating, dancing and drinking for the next couple of hours. I know where Joel is at all times, because I can feel him staring at me like he’s physically touching me with his eyes.
Ainsley kept Zack in line when I got up the nerve to go over and see him. Joel was on the other side of the room, so that helped ease the tension. He just congratulated me, and gave me a big hug. I love my brother, but his tendency to be overprotective can be a bit much at times. Thank God for Ainsley.
“Are you ready to go, querida?” Joel asks from right behind me. His hands go to my waist, and I have to fight the urge to melt back into him.
“I’m not sure my brother’s going to be okay with us leaving together.”
“He’s going to have to get used to it. Unless you’re backing out.”
“I’m not.” I can’t.
“Let us say our goodbyes, then.”
I square my shoulders as he puts his arm around them, watching Zack’s eyes narrow once again as we approach him. “Cruz,” he growls.
“Taylor. This was a great party. Thanks for inviting me.”
“I wouldn’t have if I’d known you were going to hit on my sister. There’s a code, you know.”
“I live by my own code and no one else’s.”
“We’ll see about that.”
“Zack,” Ainsley says, a warning in her voice, reminding him that I hate it when he gets like this with guys.
“Goodnight. Thank you again. For everything,” I tell them, pulling Joel to the door with me.
“That went well,” Joel tells me when we reach my car.
“Should I follow you?” I ask, ignoring the sarcasm in his voice.
“Follow me where?”
“To your place? Or were you wanting to come to mine?”
“Not tonight, Sierra,” he tells me, taking my keys from my hand and opening my door for me. He places a kiss on my cheek, and hands the keys back to me before turning to walk away.
What the Hell? I’m still standing there as he gets into his sports car and roars off without a glance back to me. Maybe this was all a joke to him. I don’t even know if he really meant what he said about helping me. We didn’t exchange numbers or anything. I shake my head to clear it a little, and then drive myself home. I need to pass my language tests. With or without his help.
Chapter 2
Sierra

I’ve been ignoring my brother’s texts since I left the party with Joel last night. I don’t know what to say to him. I know what he’s thinking, but he’s wrong. Joel walked me to my car, and kissed me on the cheek. I know I won’t be getting off that easy for long, and I should be worried about that. I’m not, which scares me. I shouldn’t want to to be with a man who’s only helping me so I’ll sleep with him, no matter how hot he is. And damn, if he’s not the hottest man I’ve ever come in contact with. My panties pretty much burst into flames when he spoke to me with that slight accent of his.
The banging on my door tells me I better think of something to tell my brother, and fast. “Open the damn door, Sierra. I know you’re in there.”
“What’s your problem, Zachary?” I ask, complete with eye roll, when I open the door.
“Well, let’s see,” he says, storming into my apartment as I close the door. “I throw you a party and you end up leaving it with Joel Cruz.”
“Okay, and?”
“You don’t date athletes.”
“Maybe I do now.”
“You’ve just all of a sudden changed your mind? For him?”
“Do you talk about all your friends with such scorn?”
“No.”
“Is he an ass?”
“He’s cocky, but no. He’s a good guy,” he admits with a sigh.
“Then why shouldn’t I date him?”
“I don’t know. Dammit. You’re my baby sister.”
“I’m not a baby.”
“If he hurts you, I’ll kill him. I’m telling him that.”
“Go ahead and play the protective big brother for one conversation, but then you leave him alone. I mean it.”
“Fine. I love you, Si.”
“Love you too, Zack. Now go home to your wife, and let me get back to studying.”
“I’m really proud of you. You can do this. I know you can.”
“Thanks,” I tell him, as he pulls me into a hug before leaving.
I sit on the couch, pulling my Society laptop onto my lap, and bringing up the Italian software. Reina gave me an oral exam for Spanish, which I thankfully passed, so I’m onto Italian now. She thinks it will be easier for me to try this language next since it’s got some words similar to Spanish. So far, so good.
I’ve only been in training for one week, but it’s harder than anything I’ve ever done in my life. The main focus of my studies is languages since I’m lacking there, but I also have classes in the other nine components as well. I have classes once a week for the areas I showed a strength for, three days a week for the ones I did okay in, and five days a week for languages. We work at our own pace towards passing, so while I share classes with all nine other girls, I see some more than others, depending on our strengths.
I don’t know how long I’ve been at it when I get another knock on my door. Since I know no one but Society women and their guys can get to these floors, I yell out for whoever it is to come in. I’m not surprised to see Jen open the door. I set my book aside and smile as Neveah, Matisse, Rose, and Rhieve enter behind her.
“Hey, ladies.”
“We’re thinking of going out tonight. You in?” Rose asks.
“Sure. I could use a break. Are the other girls coming?”
“I want to invite Harlow, Kalila, and Camari, but I can barely stand to be in the same room as Greta, so I don’t know. It will be obvious if we don’t invite her,” Jen tells me.
Greta is the blonde who was bitchy to us on our first day. She hasn’t been any nicer since then. I don’t think she understands the meaning of sisterhood, or cares about what Reina told her. She seems to excel at everything else, though, so I guess we’re stuck with her.
“I don’t think she’ll care,” I remind her. “By the way, good job on not letting any ‘British’ slip into your explanation.” She struggles with blending in since she’s used to her slang and standing out everywhere she goes.
“Thanks,” she says, beaming at me. “I think you’re right about Greta. We’ll invite everyone else. Meet you downstairs at seven? We can get dinner first, and then dance it off.”
“I’ll be there without bells on.”
“Huh?”
“I’ll explain it on our way back to our floor,” Matisse tells her with a laugh. “Be sexy, but not slutty, Si.”
“Gotcha.”
I smile as I close the door, already knowing what dress I’m going to wear. I bought it about a year ago, even though I had no place to wear it yet. I just loved it, and it fit, so I splurged. I only wish Joel was going to see me in it. Wait, no! I don’t want that, or him. Who am I kidding? I totally want that man, despite the deal he’s made me make with him. Or maybe because of it.
I try to put him out of my mind as I shower, shave, and slide lotion all over my body. I don’t call him as I slip on my shiny black dress with the sheer panels at the top, and the fringe at the bottom. And I definitely don’t consider what he’d think as I step into strappy black heels. Putting my hair into a twist so the back of my dress is shown off proves that I didn’t dress for him. He told me the other night that he loves my hair down, but I’m sure that was just one of his lines. I’m going out for me tonight, and not him. I don’t know how many nights I’ll have like this, so I should make this one count. For me and only me.
That sentiment lasts through a fun dinner with my friends, and even as we walk through the casino to the club. It’s only when we walk inside, and I see Joel, that I feel like I’m there for him, even as Greta is standing too close to him, and he’s obviously flirting with her. A surge of jealousy goes through me, and one word goes through my head: mine.
It takes all of my self control, but I turn from them and walk over to our reserved table. I won’t cause a scene. I’ve only known Joel for one night, and despite our agreement, I know he’s not really mine. I’m his to do with as he pleases, but there was never any reciprocity agreed to. I thought he meant for us to be exclusive, but apparently I was wrong. Thank God for condoms.
Strong arms circle my waist before I sit down, and I inhale the scent that is uniquely Joel—a mix of woodsy cologne, soap, and a hint of sweat—before he whispers in my ear. “You have nothing to be jealous of, Gatinha. Flirting is in my blood, but I belong to you right now.”
“Gatinha? Does that mean cat?”
“Kitten, and it’s also slang for hot,” he smiles against my neck. “Your claws were out. I liked it, and you’re definitely hot.”
I like it, too. That he’s calling me pet names, I mean. I can’t let it show, but I like it. “So you want women fighting over you. Good to know.”
I try to pull away, but he holds me even tighter, and kisses my cheek before moving his mouth back to my ear. “I already told you there is nothing to fight about. I am with you and only you.”
“You mean that?’ I ask, ignoring my friends as I turn to look him in the eye.
“Yes.”
I search his eyes, and see the truth there. “Okay.”
“Okay,” he repeats, a gorgeous smile lighting up his face.
And what a face it is. Despite his mustache and close-shaven beard, he looks like he’s carved from marble. A strong nose, cleft chin, chiseled cheekbones, and intense brown eyes are all perfectly matched to create a beautiful man. His hair, which is short on the sides, but full and messy on top, makes him look even sexier.
His body is no less spectacular. Powerful arms that do more than hint at the fact that he swings a bat for a living. A lean, muscled chest and abs, which I haven’t seen but can tell are there with the tight shirts he wears. His jeans aren’t tight, but I know his thighs and calves will be muscular as well. He’s a professional athlete, and although it’s currently his off season, he’ll still be working out daily. There’s no real down time for these guys.
“Joel, why did you run off like that?” Greta asks, sauntering up to us. There’s no other word for what she’s doing, her hips moving back and forth.
He pulls me firmly to his side before answering. “My apologies. I should have said goodbye, but when Sierra’s in the room, I tend to block everyone else out.”
“You’re with her?”
“I am.”
“Hi, Greta,” I tell her.
“You know each other?”
“Greta is also an intern at the Foundation.”
“I told you that,” she says with a sneer.
“Did you? Sorry, I guess I wasn’t paying attention.”
“Your loss,” she says, tossing her hair and swinging her hips once again as she walks away.
I can’t fault Joel for watching. I’m watching, too, and I’m not even into girls. Greta has an awesome set of hips, a great rack, and an even better ass. I’ve always been okay with my body, depsite the fact that I’m lacking in the curves department. Until now, that is. Now I feel a little insecure, knowing he could have that. He could have her, and all the luscious curves she’s displaying.

* * *

Joel

I can feel the discomfort coming off of Sierra as Greta walks away, and I know I shouldn’t have been watching. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have looked,” I whisper in her ear.
“Who wouldn’t? She’s hot.”
“Not as hot as you,” I tell her honestly. To me, there is no one hotter.
“Obviously my stellar personality has blinded you to my lack of curves.”
It’s true that she’s not as curvy as the women I normally go for, but I’m really into her. “I love what you’ve got going on. Well, except for you hair,” I tell her, as I reach up and take the pins out of it. “You should always wear it down.”
“I wanted to show off the back of my dress,” she tells me, as I run my fingers through it.
“It’s a very nice dress,” I admit, running my hands over the the sheer panels on top, and the shiny material hiding the rest of her.
“Thanks.”
“Are you ever going to introduce us to your friend, Si?” a redhead with a British accent asks her.
I see her realize that she forgot her friends were here. A surge of male pride goes through me, knowing she was solely focused on me. Truth be told, she was my only focus as well.
“Oh, sorry. Everyone, this is Joel Cruz. Joel, this is Jenysis, Neveah, Matisse, Rose, Camari, Kalila, Harlow, and Rhieve. Along with Greta, they’re the other interns who are training with me.”
“Hi ladies. It’s a pleasure to meet all of you.”
It really is. They’re all gorgeous, and if I wasn’t so into Sierra, I’d probably hit on at least one of them. My body and mind are only focused on one woman, so I give them my polite smile, and not my predatory one. A couple of them narrow their eyes at me, letting me know what they think of me. Bring it, ladies. For once in my life, I’m not hiding anything when it comes to a woman. It may be too soon for me to be thinking this, but I’m all in with Sierra. All the fuck in.
“How did you two meet?” Camari asks. At least I think it’s Camari.
“He’s friends with Zack. We met at the party last night.”
“Actually, we met at Zack and Ainsley’s wedding. I asked you to dance, and you turned me down.”
“You remember that?”
“Of course. I don’t get turned down very often.”
“Oh,” she says, her smile dimming. Shit.
“That’s not the only reason I remembered.”
“I think it’s time for you to go,” the tattooed girl with black hair tells me. I’m pretty sure she’s Matisse, but since it’s not her I’m focused on, I can’t be sure.
“Let’s dance, Si,” I tell her.
She looks conflicted, but then nods. I lead her to the dance floor, and pull her into my arms. “I mean it. You’ve intrigued me since you walked down that aisle, but I didn’t make this agreement with you just because you told me no.”
“It’s okay. We have a deal. Feelings aren’t involved. It’s just sex and Portuguese.”
“I asked for more than just sex.”
“Because you want to dominate me, bend me to your will.”
“Partly, yes. But I also want to get to know you. All of you.”
“Why?”
“I honestly don’t know. I just know I do.”
It’s the truth. With most women, I would just take them somewhere to have sex. I wouldn’t stay the night, but I’d leave them satisfied, if not happy. Sierra’s different. I definitely want her, but I want all of her, not just sex. I’ve never taken anything slow, but this right here, whatever it is I’ve gotten us into, I want to take it slow. Get to know her, and then learn what makes her scream in pleasure. I’m not sure I’ll do it right, but I’m going to sure as hell try.
Chapter 3
Joel

“Hey man, you got a minute?” Miles Corrigan asks me as I finish my workout in his company’s fitness center. He gave me access while I’m in town, since their stuff is better than any gym I could join.
“Sure. What’s up?”
He looks around, making sure we’re the only ones in here. Since it’s the middle of the workday, we are. “What’s going on with you and Sierra Taylor?”
“That’s between us,” I tell him, standing up and walking towards the men’s locker room.
“She’s an intern here.”
“I know.”
“The intern training program is really intense. If you’re messing with her, I’ve got to ask you to stop. She’s a nice girl, and I don’t want to see her mess up her chances just to be another notch to you.”
“That’s rich coming from you. If I recall correctly, you used to leave multiple women in every city wishing for more.”
“Yeah, well, I grew up and got the woman I loved.”
“We can’t all be that lucky,” I grumble.
I know love exists—my parents, and several of my friends have found it—I just don’t know if I believe it will happen for me, or if I even want it. Not even with the beautiful girl with dark brown hair and even darker brown eyes who captivates me more every time I see her.
“Just promise me you’re not messing with her.”
That I can do.“I’m not.”
“If you want to eat here, I think she might be in the cafeteria right now. I can take you there. Just putting that out there.”
“Yeah?”
“Sure.”
“Let me rinse all this sweat off, and I’ll meet you outside in five.”
“That smile on your face just told me everything I needed to know about how you feel about her.”
I whip my towel at him as we both laugh. I take an extra minute to trim my beard after my shower, but I leave my hair messy. I can’t wait to have Sierra’s hands in it. It’s been almost a week since I saw her at the club, and I’m pretty desperate for her. I want to see her, and dammit, I want to kiss her. We haven’t been alone yet, and I don’t want to share that first time with anyone else. I need it to happen soon, though. Very soon.
Miles smirks when I come out, looking me up and down. “You’re dressed to impress.”
“I only had casual shit with me,” I tell him, looking down at my henley and jeans. “I look pretty good.”
“Keep telling yourself that.”
“Asshole.”
“Maybe, but I’m the asshole who’s taking you to see your girl.”
“I’ll give you that.”
“Be still my heart.”
“Just shut up and get me to the cafeteria,” I tell him when the elevator doors open.
He laughs as we walk into the cafeteria. As always, my eyes are immediately drawn to Sierra. She’s wearing a long sleeved sheer blue and black top over a blue velvet bra thing. Black jeans cover her long legs, and her hair is straight and loose around her shoulders. The men at her table are absolutely captivated by her, and my resolve to take things slow dissolves instantly.
I stride purposely to her table, lift her from her seat, and fuse our lips together. The kiss isn’t sweet like I’d planned for our first time. It’s a claiming kiss, one that’s showing every man and woman in this room that she’s mine. I slide my tongue into her mouth as she wraps her arms around me, and we both groan. I kiss her deeply for another minute before pulling back.
“Olá, Gatinha.” I whisper in her ear.
“I think you’re the one with the claws today, querida.”
“Maybe,” I concede, smiling at her use of the Portuguese term of endearment. “Do you mind?”
“Not at all,” she tells me, giving me another peck on the mouth. “I’d started to worry that maybe you didn’t really want to kiss me.”
“Oh, I wanted to. I just wanted us to be alone at the time. And then I walked in here, and saw those guys around you, and yeah, I lost it.”
“I’m not complaining, but what are you doing here?”
“Miles lets me work out downstairs. He said I might catch you up here.”
“Oh wow. I had no idea you’re here sometimes. If I’m not in one of my classes, we could eat together.”
“I’d like that.” A lot. More than I should.
“We’d have to exchange numbers.”
“You want my number?” I ask with a smirk, and then realize my mistake immediately when she drops her arms from my neck.
“We’ll need them so we can arrange our study time, and the duties you need me to fulfill.” She pulls out her phone, and looks at me with her eyebrow quirked. I rattle off my number, and she texts me immediately.
Querida means darling, and Lindeza means prettiness, although it doesn’t translate exactly right into English.
“Sim—yes.”
She nods. “Obrigado, Joel. Adeus.” And then she sits down, with her back to me. Thank you, and goodbye. I’ve been dismissed, and hell if it doesn’t kind of turn me on.
“Até logo, Gatinha.” I’ll see you soon, I tell her, because I definitely will.

* * *

Sierra

“Today, we’re going to do things a little differently,” Jade tells us when we enter the sparring room later that day. She’s standing on the steps to the MMA cage that dominates the room. “Most fights you’re going to find yourselves in aren’t civilized or fair. We’ve taught you to classically fight, but now you need to learn how to do it for real.”
Her husband Nate, who’s an MMA legend, walks to the bottom of the steps with their friends Ellie and Aiden. I’ve met them a few times, but I don’t know them well. Ellie is Harlow’s mentor, while Jade is Rhieve’s, and they’ve both told me they’re great to work with one-on-one. The guys are pretty tight with Darcy, and they’ve been cool every time we’ve come in contact. I’m thinking today will be more fun than usual with all of them here.
“I’m going to pick your names from this hat,” she says as Nate hands her a ball cap with a wink. “And that will determine who you spar with.”
“Why can’t we just pick someone ourselves? I know who I want to fight,” Greta yells out.
“Is there a problem we don’t know about?” Ellie asks, narrowing her eyes.
“Of course not. I just think it would be fun to fight a certain someone.”
“Who do you want to fight, Greta?” Jade asks her.
“Sierra.”
“Bitch,” Jen whispers next to me. “You don’t have to do it, Si.”
We both know that’s not true. I can’t back down when I’ve been called out. What kind of superspy is afraid to fight? Not me, even if I am a little afraid. I’ve seen Greta spar with Jade, and they’ve been pretty evenly matched. I’m good, but I’m not on their level. Even so, I step forward.
“Okay. I’ll do it.”
We walk to the cage, and get inside. Jade shoots me a concerned look before closing the door, but I manage to smile at her. I don’t think it reassured either of us. I throw my shoulders back and crack my neck, trying to loosen myself up for what’s to come.
“You should’ve stayed away from Joel Cruz, Sierra.”
“In case you hadn’t noticed, he’s the one who doesn’t stay away from me.”
“He will once I’m done with you today.”
“You do realize we’re supposed to work together and be friends, right?”
“That’s not my style,” she tells me, before launching herself at me.
I manage to hold my own for the first five minutes or so. We’re both bruised and bleeding a little, but I’m not doing too badly. I can see when she realizes that what she’s doing isn’t working. It’s almost like she’s flipped a switch inside of herself. One that brings out her true nature, her dark side.
I have no chance once she unleashes herself. The blows become more brutal and dirty. They’re somehow faster than before, and even as I tire, she seems to find strength in giving me pain. It doesn’t go on long before the cage door is open, and Nate goes for her while Jade and Ellie rush to me. There’s a moment where I think she may take Nate down too, but then he’s got her over his head, and he drops her to the mat none too gently. The last thing I see before blacking out is that damn smirk on her face before she starts laughing.
I wake up in a hospital room. From our tour, I know it’s the one in the Foundation, and not somewhere public. My mouth is dry, my head is throbbing, and I have no idea what time it is. When I turn my head, I see Darcy sleeping in the chair by my bed. Zack’s not here, which means no one told him what happened. I’ll have to thank them all later.
“Darce?” I whisper.
Her eyes pop open and she jumps from the chair. “She’s awake. Kenny, she’s awake.”
“Calm down, Darcy. I don’t think they heard you in your husband’s home country,” the Foundation doctor, Kendrick, tells her as he walks into the room. “Hello, Sierra. I was hoping I wouldn’t see you in here until you were at least mission ready.”
“Hi, Kendrick. Sorry to disappoint you.”
“Not to worry. I’m used to it with this group.”
“How long have I been here?”
“You’ve been asleep for about five hours. You had a slight concussion when you got here, and we thought it was best if we let you rest.”
“I thought it was dangerous to let someone with a concussion sleep.”
“It can be, but we’ve been monitoring your brain activity,” he tells me pointing to a monitor next to the bed. “Medicine is often no match for sleep when it comes to healing. I can tell you’re in some pain, so I am going to give you a little something.”
I watch him use a syringe to put something in my I.V., and my hand gets uncomfortably cold as it goes in. “Am I okay?”
“You will be. You have some bruised ribs and a few other cuts and bruises that need to heal. You’re going to need to rest for at least a few days, and I’ll be recommending that you don’t spar for about a week.”
“Is that alright?” I ask Darcy, worried that I’ll be kicked out of the program.
“Yes, Sierra. You won’t be penalized for what happened,” Reina says from the doorway. “From what I’ve been told, Nate was barely able to subdue Greta. There was no way you could’ve been prepared for her. Hell, I probably couldn’t have held her off, and I’ve been fighting for years.”
“She definitely seemed to go a little crazy in there.”
“Do you know why she picked you to spar with? Jade said she called you out immediately.”
I look to Darcy, who nods. “It’s not snitching, Si. We have to work together, and if there’s a problem, Reina needs to know. One day we’ll tell you how keeping something quiet almost brought down the entire Society.”
I sigh, knowing she’s right. “She wants Joel.”
“You mean to tell me that she attacked you because of a guy?” Reina asks, barely containing her anger.
“Yes. She was flirting with him at the club the other night, but he left her when I walked in. He kissed me in the cafeteria today when Miles brought him in.”
“I know. I saw it,” she tells me with a smile.
“We all saw it,” Darcy says.
“I also saw you pretty much dismiss him afterwards.”
“He tends to say things that make me angry, but he’s promised to help me with Portuguese, so I usually ignore it. Sometimes, I don’t.” I say with a shrug.
“Sounds about right. He’s a good guy, and he actually helped me out once, but he can be a little full of himself sometimes. I’m happy to hear he’s willing to tutor you in Portuguese, though. You need to pass, Sierra.”
“I know.”
“And he’s one hot tutor,” Darcy adds.
“That he is,” I agree.
“On that note, Sierra needs her rest,” Kendrick says in his stern doctor voice.
“And we need to decide what to do about Greta.”
“She’ll expose us all if you make her angry,” I tell them, feeling the truth of it down to my bones.
“No. She won’t. In fact, if she’s forced to leave, she won’t remember ever being here,” Reina tells me with a wink.
“Don’t worry about her. And if it helps, you’re not the only one she has a problem with, so she’s already been on thin ice.”
“Darcy,” Reina says with steel in her voice before my mentor can elaborate.
“Fine. My lips are zipped. I’ll come see you tomorrow, though. We all will.”
“Thanks.”
“You’re welcome. Oh, and hey, your phone’s on the table next to you. I shut it off because it was going off like crazy for a little while. Ainsley’s kept Zack in the dark for now, so I’m guessing it’s your hot tutor.”
“Oh. Yeah. I think we were going to make plans to meet up. I’ll check it.”
She gives me a little wave, and after Kendrick checks me over one more time, and orders me dinner, I turn my phone on. There are more missed calls, texts, and voicemails than I’ve ever had in one day, and they’re all from Joel. They start out nice and flirty, but by the end, he’s pissed and telling me that since I’m not holding up my end of our deal, he’s not holding up his either.
Shit. I can’t tell him exactly what happened, but I have to say something. I need his help, and if I’m honest with myself, I need more of his kisses, too. I wrack my brain for the words I need. I have a handle on Italian and French, so I’ve started looking up some Portuguese to get ready for Joel. Okay, and because I like surprising him with a word here and there. I close my eyes, and the first word I need comes to me. I type it into my phone and send it off.
Me: Desculpe. I’m sorry.
It’s almost five minutes later when his response comes.
Joel: I don’t play games off the field. Where the fuck have you been?
I can’t tell him exactly what happened, but I can tell him part of the truth.
Me: We had self-defense training today. I didn’t do so well. Estou magoado. I am hurt.
This time the response is immediate. It’s also in Portuguese, which tells me how freaked out he is.
Joel: Quanto? Onde está você? Por favor, diga.
I’m pleased to know I can translate all of it. How? Where are you? Please tell me.
Me: I’m being taken care of. That’s all I can tell you. I’ll be okay. I just have to rest for a few days.
Joel: Who were you fighting against?
Me: Greta
Joel. Merda.
Me: Yeah. Pretty much. She thinks I moved in on you when she saw you first.
Joel: You know that’s not true.
Me: I do.
Joel: Can we text? I can help you while you’re resting. I’ll send you words and phrases to learn.
Me: I’d like that. Do you have time for that, though?
Joel. Claro. I always have time for you. Boa noite, Gatinha.
Me: Eu te adoro, Joel.
Joel: :)
I do adore him. Probably more than I should, and definitely more than is safe for me. He’s sweeter than he seems, and just as sexy as I expected. So far he hasn’t asked me to do anything I’m not comfortable with, and I’m a little disappointed. I kind of want to cook him dinner, be on his arm, and yeah, I definitely want to sleep with him.
I’m in trouble, and not from a few bruised ribs. It’s my heart that’s in danger of getting broken, and I already think it’s too late to keep that organ out of the equation.
Chapter 4
Joel

“What’s so funny?” Miles asks me as I burst out laughing after looking at my phone.
We’re eating in the cafeteria again, but Sierra’s not here this time. She thinks she’ll be released from her secret location tomorrow, and I can’t wait to see her in person. Texting is fun, but kissing is so much better.
“Sierra’s trying to guess while translating the phrase I just sent her in Portuguese. She’s failing miserably.”
I text her to try again, and then shake my head. She’s going to need to look it up, even if that means taking a blow to her pride. My girl is stubborn, but I love it. Whoa. My girl. Porra. Fuck. I realize I want her to be my girl, but not because I’m forcing her. That whole agreement thing seemed like a good idea at the time, but I don’t want it anymore. I want to spend time with her because she wants to be with me, not because I forced her into a stupid agreement.
I text her before I can second guess myself.
Me: I want this to be real.
Kitten: What about our agreement?
Me: Eu gosto de você. That agreement was stupid. I just wanted to get you to spend time with me, but I don’t want to force you.
Kitten: I like you, too.
Me: I’d like to cook you dinner tomorrow night if you get released.
Kitten: I thought I was supposed to be the one cooking.
Me: I meant what I said about the deal. All bets are off, querida. I want to help you, but I also want you in my life because you want to be with me.
Kitten: Eu te quero! I want you.
Me: Também
Kitten: I need to look up what you sent me earlier.
Me: I know. I’m eating with Miles right now, so I should probably talk to him instead of texting you. I’ll call you later.
Kitten: Bo apetite!
“You’ve got it bad, man.”
“No, Miles. I’ve got it good.”
“Spring Training starts soon.”
“It does.” I’ve got another six weeks before I have to report.
“What’s your plan for when you have to head back to Cali?”
“I have no fucking clue. Between you and me, I don’t even know if I’ll be ready. My shoulder’s been healing well, but is it well enough?”
“You’re doing PT, right?”
“Yeah. The guy’s pretty good, and I feel better. I need to go to the cages, though.”
“You haven’t been batting?”
“No. We do stuff to simulate hitting and throwing, but I haven’t done the real thing. I didn’t want to go down to the field and try to do it in front of the staff, and I was afraid someone would see me at a local place.”
“Shit. You should’ve said something. I have a room with cages at home, but the C&C apartments have a full regulation size cage as part of the game room on the main floor. You can use that one. I’ll get you the clearance to enter the building.”
“Is that were Sierra lives?”
“Yes, but I can’t get you access to her floor without her permission.”
“I’m cooking her dinner tomorrow if she gets released, so that’s not a problem. Maybe she’ll want to go to this game room with me after.”
“If she’s up for it. I heard she was in pretty bad shape after what happened.”
“I still don’t understand how she could get so hurt from a self-defense class.”
“From what I understand, Greta went after her like they were figthing for the title belt.”
“Crazy bitch.”
“Who’s heading this way.”
“What?”
“Hi, Joel,” she says, putting her hand on my shoulder as she stands next to my chair.
I stand up and move away from her. “Get the the fuck away from me.”
“Greta, you need to go sit down with the other girls,” Isabelle Mason says, coming up behind her.
“I don’t have to listen to you, you stupid little girl.”
“The only stupid thing I’ve done is agree to mentor you as an intern for the Foundation. Get over to that table, or get the Hell out of this building.”
Whoa. The girl genius means business. I’m impressed, and more than a little afraid, as I hear the steel in her voice. Greta tries to stare her down, but when it doesn’t work, she stomps over to a table on the other side of the room. Once she sits, everyone else stands and walks to another table, leaving her alone and fuming.
Isabelle shakes her head, and then looks at me. “Fique longe dela. Eu não posso controlá-la fora destas paredes, e eu não quero ver Sierra machucar novamente. As outras meninas vão defendê-la, mas haverá vítimas.” Stay away from her. I can't control her outside of these walls, and I don't want to see Sierra hurt again. The other girls will defend her, but there will be casualties.
“Eu não quero nada a ver com aquela vadia louca.” I want nothing to do with that crazy bitch.
“Good.”
She turns and walks away. Miles just shakes his head when I sit down again. “I thought I had it rough with Alex when we got together, but it looks like you’re in the middle of a shit show right now.”
“All I want is Sierra. She’s worth the trouble.” I just have to hope that she thinks I’m worth it, too.

* * *

Sierra

“There was an altercation in the cafeteria today,” Reina tells me as I get ready to leave the hospital wing.
“What kind of altercation?” I ask, sitting down on the bed.
“Joel was eating with Miles, and Greta tried to approach him.”
“Oh.”
“It’s a little worse than ‘oh’ I’m afraid.”
“Did he do something wrong?”
“Joel? No. He did exactly what I would expect him to do. He told her to get away from him.”
“I’m guessing that didn’t go over so well.”
“No, but I’m not concerned with that. Joel isn’t one of us. I had hoped that her attack on you was a single lapse in judgement. Her insulting Isa, and then seeing the other girls ostracize her, made it clear that she can’t continue on in the program.”
“So she’s being mind-wiped?”
“Something like that,” she tells me with a laugh, before getting serious again. “I’m so sorry, Sierra. We’ve had unstable people slip through our tests before, but I feel extra responsible for Greta. I designed this program, and it kills me that I let someone like her in.”
“Don’t, Reina. I’ve seen all of you in action, and I’ve heard what you’ve told us over and over again. We’re a team here, only as strong as our weakest link. No one person decides the fate of the Society.”
“You’re right. I know you’re right, because I have said those words. Thank you for reminding me of them, Sierra. I have a couple of friends I need to remind as well. You’re okay here, and with getting home?”
“Yes. Zack’s driving me, and then Joel’s coming over to cook me dinner later.”
“Sounds like the men in your life have things covered, which is never a bad thing. Being strong women doesn’t mean we don’t need a good man by our side, especially when he’s offering his help. And God, I sound like a walking self-help book lately, don’t I?”
“No. You sound like a woman who learned some great lessons, and is imparting them to us now.”
“Yes, well, just remember that no one’s life is perfect. It shouldn’t be, because working for something just makes it more rewarding. Love included.”
“And languages, too, right?”
“All of the training you’ll be receiving falls under that category. You’re doing a great job. The tests you passed while lying injured in that bed, only prove that you belong here even more. I have complete faith in you and your ability to master the other three languages.”
“Muito obrigada, Reina.”
“De nada, Sierra.”
I endure a quiet ride home with Zack, who is still pissed that Ainsley didn’t tell him what happened right away. He can’t stay mad at her without sleeping in the guest room, but I’m fair game once he pulls into the underground garage.
“I should’ve been there with you!”
“To do what, watch over me while I slept? Darcy was already doing that.”
“I don’t know if I can handle this, Si. I worry about Ains, and she’s mostly in her lair. Now I have to worry about you going out on missions. It scares me to think about you fighting bad guys.”
“Don’t ask me to quit, Zack. I love you, but I can’t do that. I just can’t.”
“I know. I wouldn’t ask you to do that. Just know that if anything ever happens to you, I’ll go to the ends of the earth to hunt down the person who hurts you. Ainsley already promised to help me hide the body.”
“Of course she did,” I tell him, rolling my eyes, “I love you, big brother.”
“I love you too, sis. So much.”
“I know.”
We get out of the car, and he pulls me into a hug, holding onto me for longer than I think he ever has before. I hold him right back, and try to send calming vibes into him like Audrey taught us during class. I finally feel him relax against me, and we pull apart.
“Let’s get you upstairs.”
“I can do that myself you know,” I remind him as we enter into the lobby from the garage elevator.
“I know, but...what the fuck?”
“What’s wrong?” I ask looking past him into the lobby, and smile when I see Joel leaning up against one of the walls.
“What are you doing here, Cruz?”
“Cooking dinner for Sierra,” Joel tells him, standing up straight, and matching Zack’s hostile pose.
“I wasn’t sure what time you were coming over. I’m a mess.”
“Você é linda, Gatinha.”
“Thank you,” I say, blushing more than a little.
“What did he say to you?” Zack demands.
“None of your business,” I tell him.
“Sierra.”
“I told her she’s beautiful.”
“Oh, well yeah. Of course she is. She’s always beautiful.”
“I agree.”
Zack does the whole chin tilt guy thing, telling Joel they’re good. I get a kiss on the forehead, and he finally leaves us alone. Which makes me really happy, but also really nervous at the same time.
I really am a mess, with bruises still fading, and wearing a Legions hoodie and flannel pajama bottoms. While Joel looks as hot as ever in one of the henley style shirts he seems to favor, and faded jeans, along with biker boots. Does he have a motorcycle? I don’t even know, which makes me wonder what we’re even doing here.
“What’s that frown for?”
“I just realized how little I know about you.”
“I’ll be happy to tell you anything you want to know while I cook you dinner.”
I nod. I know it’s not fair since I can’t be completely honest with him, but there’s a lot I can still share with him. “You can ask me things, too.”
“In Portuguese?”
“We can try it. I’m not sure I’m there yet, but I’m game,” I tell him as we get in the elevator.
“Speaking of game, Miles got me access to the bottom floor here so I can use the batting cages. If you’re not too tired after dinner, do you want to hang out with me while I see if my arm still works?”
“You haven’t tried to hit yet?”
“No.”
“Are you sure you want me there?”
“Yeah. I’m sure.”
“I’ll be there. Tonight, and any other night I can.”
“Thank you.”
“You don’t have to thank me. It’s what girlfriends do.”
“Are you my girlfriend?”
“Oh, um, no. I mean...merda...you said you wanted this to be real..I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“Let me rephrase the question,” he tells me placing his fingers over my mouth. “Você vai ser minha namorada, Sierra Taylor?”
“Sim. Yes, Joel Cruz. I would love to be your girlfriend.”
“Now that we have that settled, let’s get some food in you.”
“They did feed me while I was being treated, you know.”
“Not like I’m going to feed you.”
“That sounded kind of dirty,” I tell him as I open my door.
He swings me around, and drops the grocery bags as he pulls me into his arms. “You have no idea how dirty my thoughts of you are, Gatinha. No fucking idea.”
Chapter 5
Sierra

I have no shame. None at all, and it feels fucking awesome. I mean, how could I not kiss Joel after he said he has dirty thoughts about me?. My lips are sipping from his as he lets me lead this kiss. I have no doubt he won’t always let me take control, but he’s giving it to me now, and I’m not going to waste a second of my time in the driver’s seat.
“I have to make dinner,” Joel says, pulling back from me.
“Mais um beijo.”
“One more,” he responds with a smile.
He meets me halfway, and we kiss again. I drag it out as long as I can, and we’re both laughing as we try to catch our breath. “I love kissing you.”
“Hmm. You said you weren’t sure you could answer if I ask you questions in Portuguese. What if I give you a kiss for every one you can?”
“What if I suck? Ooh, that’s the answer. If I suck at the questions, you’ll let me suck you to make up for it.”
“Porra.”
“We can do that, too.”
“Are you medicated right now, Sierra?”
“No. I’m just feeling horny. I’ve waited weeks for you.”
“I was trying to be a good guy.”
“Good guys fuck girls. It happens.”
He pats one of the barstools. “Sit here, and let’s get to know each other. I really do have to get some practice in tonight. If, and it’s a big if, I can still move my arm after that, we’ll take things further.”
“Oh. Of course. I don’t want to stop you from getting back to playing.”
“You’re not, Gatinha. I want you just as much as you want me. Trust me on this.”
“But we’ve just been focusing on me. We should be focusing on you, too.”
“My career wasn’t part of our arrangement.”
“You said our arrangement was stupid.”
“It was.”
“So let’s talk about baseball.”
“Not tonight. I want to learn all about you while I cook and we eat. After that, I want to try and hit some balls.”
“And then I can maybe play with your bat and balls.”
“You did not just say that,” he says with a groan.
“I’m pretty sure I did.”
“You’re not a ball bunny, Sierra.”
“I’m well aware of that, Joel.”
“So please don’t talk like them.”
“Oh. I didn’t realize I was. How about I play with your cock and balls later? Sorry, but I don’t know other words for your balls.”
“You are too fucking adorable.”
“And sexy?”
“Mais sexy.”
“Yay. What are you making for dinner, by the way?”
I’ve seen him take rice, beans, and a few different meats from the bags, tossing them into various pans with spices he’s also brought with him. It smells delicious already, but I have no clue what it is.
“Baião de dois. It’s a common dish in Brazil. I wanted to make you feijoada, but it’s best if the meat marinates for 24 hours, so I didn’t have the time. I’ll make it for you another night.”
“Sim, por favor!”
“You don’t even know what it is,” he tells me with another laugh.
“But it means you’ll be coming back here,” I say, softly.
“I thought that was a given. You are my girlfriend now.”
“Um de muitos?”
“No, not many. One of few.”
“Oh.”
“Now I believe it’s my turn to ask the questions.”
“Okay,” I tell him in a shaky voice.
Shit. I’m probably going to suck at this, not get any kisses, and maybe not even get to suck him. At least the food will be good.

* * *

Joel

I know Sierra’s nervous about understanding the questions I’ll be asking, so I start with some easy ones. Just to throw her off balance, of course. Making this easy for her won’t help her master the language, and we both know it.
“Qual o seu nome?”
“Sierra,” she says, rolling her eyes, and leaning up for her kiss.
“De onde você é?”
“Seattle.” Kiss.
“Quantos anos tem?”
“Twenty-four. Você?” Two kisses.
“Same. Com que sonha?”
“What do I…dream of?”
“Sim.”
“You.” A very long kiss.
I swallow hard, and continue. “Quer crianças?”
“Children?” I nod. “Yes, I want them. Not now, but one day.” Kiss.
“Qual é a sua posição favorita?”
“Umm…I have no clue what you just asked me.”
“Are you sure?”
“It’s about my favorite something.”
“It is.”
I see her thinking hard, and then her blush is back. “Joel.”
“What? I’m a guy who wants to please his girl.”
“Fine. My favorite position is whichever one you put me in.”
Luckily, dinner is done, because that answer deserves more than just a simple peck, or even a little tongue. I step between her legs, and then wrap them around my hips. My hands are in her hair, and when hers don’t automatically go to mine, I lift them there, urging her to pull at the longs strands on top. Once I’ve had enough of her taste to leave me temporarily sated. I move out her arms, and start plating our dinner.
“You liked me pulling your hair, didn’t you?”
“Eu queria que você me fizesse um cafuné.”
“I think that means you liked it.”
“I said that I wanted you to run your fingers through my hair. I’ve wanted that for some time now.”
“You do have pretty hair.”
“Pretty? Foda-me.”
“Well, I’d like to fuck you. But yes, your hair is silky soft, and smells nice. So it’s pretty.”
“Please, on all that is holy, don’t ever say that in front of anyone else.”
“Hmm. You did make me a delicious smelling dinner, and I’ve gotten some yummy kisses while practicing my Portuguese, so I guess I can keep this between us.”
“Thank you, Kitten.”
“You’ve never called me that in English before,” I tell him with a smile.
“You inspire me to do lots of things I’ve never done before.”
“Good.”
“Yeah. It really is.”
Dinner is pretty delicious, if I do say so myself. I can’t help worrying about what’s going to happen after, though. Like I told Miles, I’ve done batting simulations with my physical therapist, and my rotation is supposedly back to normal. Tonight, I’ll be picking up an actual bat for the first time since I inflamed my rotator cuff. I know it could’ve been a lot worse. If I’d torn the cuff, my career would’ve probably been over. Taking over a year to rest and recover hasn’t been a walk in the park, though, and I have to get back if I want any chance of playing in the majors again. I don’t need the money, but I do need to play. I need it like I need to breathe, and like I’m starting to need Sierra.
I just don’t know if there’s room for both baseball and Sierra in my life. Especially since baseball is going to take me from Vegas, while she’s starting a new job here. My conscience tells me to walk away now, but that devil on my shoulder reminds me that she needs me right now. Even if right now is all I can give her.
“You’re awfully serious over there.”
“Just thinking about what comes next.”
“Tonight, or in general.”
“Both. I’m not staying here, Sierra.”
“I know.”
“Do you? Do you really understand that no matter what happens between us, I have to leave?”
“Yes. Baseball is your dream come true, just like the Foundation is mine. I would never ask you to give up your dream. No matter what happens between us.”
“I could fall in love with you. I am falling in love with you.”
“But you can’t stay. I know. I understand. And for the record, I’m falling for you, too.”
“We’re going to make this work.”
“Yes, we are. Are you ready to go downstairs?”
“Maybe. We should clean up first.”
“I’ll clean up while you go down and warm up.”
I told her I was falling for her, and this right here is a big part of why I feel that way. She knows without me telling her that I need some time alone down there. I don’t want anyone, especially her, to see me fail. She’s giving me the time I need without making a big deal out of it. I need to make sure she’s okay, though.
“You’re okay with this? Not too tired?”
“My ribs ache a little, but I’m good. Go on down, Joel.”
“Thank you.”
“De nada.”
I smile as I kiss her lightly on the lips. I’m still smiling like an idiot as I ride down in the elevator and walk through the lobby. The security guys nod their heads as I bid them a good night, and head for the game room. Once I enter that room, my smile slips.
The cages are in the back of the large room, and just like Miles promised, they’re regulation size. My feet don’t want to move, but I force myself to walk. I have to do this. There’s no chance of going back if I can’t bat again. I’m a second baseman, not a pitcher, but my injury could have still ended my career. I’m lucky I was good enough at my job for the team to hold a spot for me and not just release me. Now I just need to prove that I deserve this second chance. I need to prove it to myself, and then I can prove it to them.
I pick up a bat, and swing it around. Over and over again, warming up my arm. It doesn’t hurt, and there’s not much stiffness. My confidence starts to return, and I know I’m ready. I may be cocky, but I’m not stupid, so I start with the lowest setting. I hit most of them, and move up to the next level.
On the fourth level, I sense her watching. She doesn’t speak, and neither do I. I’m in the zone, and we both know it. I keep at it for hours, getting through every level. My shoulder is sore as fuck, but it was worth it. I’ve still got it. I can still play.
I turn to Sierra, but she’s not standing behind me. She’s on the ground, with her hand holding her side. Her eyes are closed, and she’s not moving. No. Just no.
I drop the bat and slide onto the floor in front of her. “Gatinha. Sierra. Querida, please open your eyes.”
“Joel. Are you done?” she asks, sitting up. “I’m sorry I fell asleep.”
Asleep. Oh, thank God. She was sleeping. Of course she was sleeping, she just came home from the hospital, or wherever she was being treated. “I’m the one who’s sorry. You should’ve been upstairs resting instead of watching me bat.”
“Why? I loved watching you. You look even sexier than usual when you’re doing your thing.”
“Thank you. For believing in me, and giving me space, and just for being you.”
“You’re welcome. About tonight…I don’t think I can…you know. I’m just in a little pain, and so tired. I’m sorry.”
“Do you want me to go?”
“No. I want you to stay, and hold me in your arms.”
“Then that’s what I’m going to do.”
“O melhor namorado alguma vez.” Best boyfriend ever.
“Not yet, but I will be. I promise.”
I can’t promise her forever, but I can promise her that I’ll be the best I can possibly be while we’re together. She deserves more than that, but it’s all I’ve got right now. I just hope it’s enough to keep us both in one piece when I have to leave.
Chapter 6
Sierra

I wake up warm, but also cold. Strong arms are wrapped around me, but right above them, my right boob is practically frozen. It takes me a moment to realize that Joel’s ice pack from his shoulder must have slid down during the night, and is not only melted, but it’s resting on the aforementioned boob.
“Merda,” I say softly, but apparently not softly enough.
The hard body behind me starts to shake with laughter. “You just woke up, and cussed in Portuguese.”
“Yeah, well, you wake up to a frozen boob and see if you can stop from blurting something out!”
“Frozen boob? Oh, shit. I’m so sorry,” he says, throwing the melted pack over his shoulder.
“It’s just cold.”
“I’ll warm it back up.”
Before I can react, the tank top I went to sleep in is lifted up, and his mouth is latched onto me. His tongue swirls over my tight nipple as I arch into him. “That feels so good.”
Instead of answering, he kisses his way over to the left nipple and gives it the same treatment. My breasts almost fit in his mouth, and his beard feels so good rubbing over me as he licks, sucks, and—oh, God—bites. My pelvis has a mind of its own, and starts moving against his very nice morning wood, flannel pajama bottoms and boxer briefs be damned.
“Tão bela,” Joel says as he looks down at my breasts, which are wet and red from his attention. So beautiful.
I try to pull his mouth to mine, but he has other ideas. He rains kisses over my ribs, making sure to give the ones that were bruised some extra attention. While I love it, I want his mouth on me. So I demand it.
“Me da um beij.”
“I am giving you kisses.”
“On my lips.”
“Heading there, querida,” he assures me, smiling against my stomach before nibbling on my hip.
Okay, yeah. My mouth can wait a little while. He sits back and looks at me as he pulls my pajama bottoms and panties off. His erection is fighting against his briefs, and I can’t wait to help him out with that. I lick my lips and see his eyes widen and lips quirk up before he looks down and pets me. There’s no other word for it as he lightly runs his fingers over me, again and again.
“Que lindeza,” he whispers, almost reverently as he looks down at where his fingers are teasing me.
“You think my pussy is pretty?”
“Sim. All of you is pretty, Kitten.”
“Is that why you’re petting me?”
He slides a finger inside my folds, pressing down on my clit as my hips fly up. “Better?” he asks, his hot breath blowing against my entrance.
“Yes. Mais. Por favor.”
“Com prazer.” With pleasure.
His mouth descends on me, and his tongue is inside of me. His finger is still pressing on my clit and I run my fingers through his hair the way he likes. I’ve had men go down on me before, but none have done it with the enjoyment Joel seems to be getting from it. He’s smiling as he takes small sips on my clit and moaning as he licks into me. I can barely control my hips as he scrapes his teeth over me, and then without warning, I explode.
There’s no other word for it. I see flashes of white behind my eyes, and I can feel pleasure all the way from my head to my toes. Every nerve in my body has come alive and is singing a song of joy. He doesn’t stop licking and sucking on me as it goes on and on. I’m afraid I may pass out, but there’s no way I’m going to stop it. Finally, my body starts to calm down, and where’s he’s got his mouth on me is too sensitive for any more attention.
“I can’t…Joel…you have to stop.”
“You can come again.”
“It’s your turn.”
“There are no turns. I got so much pleasure out of doing that to you. Could you not tell?”
“I could tell. It was magnificent. I want you to come now. Na minha boca.” In my mouth.
“Porra.”
“That, too.”
“How about that first? I want to be inside of you when I come. You can play with my cock later.”
“I have to work,” I tell him with a pout. I really want to get back to training, but I also really want to stay in bed with him.
“We’ve got all night once you get off work.”
“You’ll come over again?”
“Claro.”
“There are condoms in the drawer,” I tell him, pointing towards it.
“For us?” he asks, and I know what he’s really asking.
“Yes. I bought them for us.”
“Perfeitos. O seu são perfeitos, meu Gatinha.”
“I’m far from perfect, Joel.”
“Sim. Yes. You are. You’re perfect for me,” he tells me, rolling the condom on his very nice sized cock, and then climbing over me. I’m pretty sure he’s perfect for me, too.

* * *

Joel

After Sierra and I made love in her bed, and then again in her shower, I walked her down to her car, where we made out for several more minutes. Her friends interrupted us, which is probably a good thing, since I’m not sure we would’ve stopped otherwise.
I laughed at everyone’s good natured teasing, while Sierra flipped them off and blushed. I’m glad she has good friends. I have good friends, too, and I need to check in with one of them. I instruct my Bluetooth to make the call, and wait for him to answer.
“Hi, Joel.”
“Olá, Marcus. Como vai?”
“I’m good. You?”
“We’re practicing English today?” I ask him with a laugh.
“Yes. I have an international meeting in a couple of weeks. I want to be ready. You’re one of the only people I can practice with, and not look weak.”
Marcus has been one of my closest friends all of my life. When my parents were moved to the U.S. as diplomats, we never lost touch. His family owns a large conglomerate of businesses throughout Brazil, and he just took over the company a few months ago. I know he is facing challenges from many who think he’s too young and inexperienced to run things, but I have faith in him. I wouldn’t have invested in the company if I didn’t.
“Is the board still giving you trouble?”
“The board, the random assholes sending me death threats, my assistant. I could go on, but you get the picture.”
“Fuck, man. Death threats?”
“Yep. My mom’s bringing in some extra security or some shit like that for the big meeting and ball. I don’t think anyone will actually try to kill me, but I guess it’s better to be safe and alive than ignore it all and be dead.”
“Definitely. I don’t know how I can help, but if there’s anything you need, just let me know.”
“Do you have a hot girlfriend I can take as a date?”
I know he’s joking, because I haven’t had a girlfriend since junior high. At least until now. “Actually, I do have a girlfriend, and she’s very hot, but you can’t borrow her.”
“No shit? Good for you, my friend. It’s about time you settled down.”
“I’ve been settled for the last year.”
“About that, how’s the shoulder?”
“Great, actually. I got in a batting cage last night, and hit for hours. I was a little sore, but I did it. I can do it again.”
“I’m seriously happy for you. Looks like we’re both living our dreams.”
“Yes, we are. You just need to take that protection coming your way, and keep yourself alive.”
“Will do. I plan to be at your first game back on the field.”
“I wish I could be there for you at your meeting, but I don’t play with the big boys.”
“Your investment is greatly appreciated. Kiss your girl for me, and tell her I’m here waiting for when you screw up.”
“Vai se foder.”
“Nah, I’ll just find a girl to fuck. Talk to you soon.”
“Bye.”
We hang up just in time for me to pull into valet at the SLS hotel. I’m meeting my agent here for breakfast so we can go over my progress and have a plan in place for when I report to camp. We were both a little worried, so I can’t wait to tell him how my batting practice went last night.
“Hey, Dean,” I tell him, giving him a “bro” hug when he stands from the table.
“You’re in good spirits. Did you hit?”
“I did. Last night.”
“For how long?” he asks, trying to stay cautiously optimistic. I get it. He doesn’t want to get excited, only to find out I hit for fifteen minutes.
“Hours, man. I don’t even know how long I was going.”
“And today?”
“I iced it before going to bed,” I tell him, smiling as I remember how the ice pack slid down and made that beautiful little tit of Sierra’s cold, giving me the chance to warm it up. “I’m a little stiff today, but it’s not bad.”
“You’re going to PT today?”
“Yeah. I have an appointment at one. He should be able to loosen me back up, and then I’ll hit the cage again tonight.”
“The one at the field here?”
“No. Miles Corrigan got me access to one they have in an employee apartment building here. It’s state of the art.”
“I would imagine so. Everything that has the Corrigan name attached to it is the best. Especially those women they hire for their Foundation. Have you seen any of them?”
“Yes,” I say, thankful for the waitress coming by to take my order so I don’t have to look at him.
“And?” he asks once she’s walked away again.
“I’m seeing one of the interns.”
“Seeing? You don’t date.”
“Maybe I do now.”
“She knows your leaving, right?”
“Yeah. She knows.”
“She gonna follow you?”
“She’s not a bunny,” I say, pinning him with a glare.
“I didn’t say she was. Plenty of guys have fallen for girls who were willing to give up their jobs and move. You said she’s just an intern, right?”
“She said it’s her dream to work for the Foundation. She’s not moving.”
“You’re not thinking of quitting?” he asks suddenly, looking alarmed.
“No, and she’s already told me she wouldn’t ask me to. No matter what happens.”
“Are you in love with her?”
“I’m on my way there, yes.”
“Then good luck. It sounds like leaving her is going to be a real bitch.”
I nod. “I can’t imagine anything worse.”
Chapter 7
Sierra

“I’m sure you all know at least one of the reasons why I’ve gathered you all together today,” Reina says.
“Greta,” Camari offers.
“Yes. Greta. I want you to know that this is not the first time that someone who looked perfect on paper didn’t pass training here. As I tried to tell her, and all of you, your friendships with each other, and with all of us mentors, is more important that anything we can train you to do. Shooting a gun won’t help you when you’re outnumbered, and knowing how to hack into a communications tower isn’t beneficial unless there’s someone on the other side to hear you. None of us would have survived the things we have without each other. You don’t have to be BFFL like Stella and Tegan, but liking and respecting each other makes what we do that much easier. The girl next to you is the one who will pull you up on the obstacle course when you think you’ve had enough, or hold your hand the first time you get shot or stabbed. She’ll bring you ice cream when the man you love acts like an ass, and help him pick out your bouquet when he comes to his senses, and realizes you’re his everything.
“Between us, your mentors have been through almost every heartache and happiness you can imagine. We’re here for you now, and we want you to be here for each other. I’m going to give any of you the option to leave right now if you don’t think you can be that kind of a friend to the women in this room. I should have done it on the first day, although I doubt Greta would’ve left. She felt she deserved a place here, and not only physically injured Sierra over a man, but also showed no respect for Isa. I can tell you right now that I won’t stand for that. At all. Your mentors are all different, and that’s what makes us strong. We are strong, stronger than most people could ever hope to be.
“Isa may be quiet, Jade may get up in your face and cuss you out, and Tegan may blast that God awful country music out into the hallway, but deep down they’re all equally strong. Any one of them could take down the worst of the worst. We want you to be ‘you.’ No one here is a carbon copy of anyone else. There’s no mold to fit into. Yes, you need to pass your classes, because we’re giving you the skills to save yourself as well as the people we’ll be sending you out to protect. But I need to stress again that we can teach you so many things, but you have to want to be here, and want to support each other. Does anyone want to leave now?”
I look around at everyone. They’re all shaking their heads, and telling her that no, they don’t want to go. Jen knocks my shoulder, and I knock hers back. We both look at Neveah in front of us, and pull her back for a hug and kiss on the cheek. She’s like our little sister, and we love the hell out of her, even though we’ve only known her for a few weeks.
“I’m glad to see that none of you want to leave. Isa’s going to be assisting those of you who need extra help until we find a replacement for Greta. Which brings me to the other thing I want to address.”
“Can I say something first?” Tegan asks her.
“This is about the music, isn’t it?”
“Damn right it is. You always gotta complain about my country.”
“Only because I know it riles you up,” Reina tells her with a smile.
“I like country music,” Harlow yells out.
“Of course you do. You’re good people, Harlow.” Reina rolls her eyes, while Tegan sticks out her tongue at her. It’s cool to see this fun side of them together. “You can carry on now, Mrs. C.”
Reina lifts up her right hand, and flicks out her middle finger at Tegan, waving it back and forth a few times, before turning back to us. She smooths down her dress, and tries to hide her smile. The other mentors are cracking up behind her, but we’re doing our best to hold our laughter in. “Oh, go ahead,” she tells us, busting out with her own laugh. Tegan and her hug as they laugh into each other’s shoulders. It takes a few minutes, but we all calm down enough for her to continue.
“The second thing I want to discuss is the training. Although you’re all training together, you’re also all training differently. I wanted to address this, because while we told all of you that you’d be learning at your own pace, I’m hoping you talk to each other because some things may be confusing. Some of you are working intensely on the area that’s hardest for you, some of you are fully mastering the areas you’re strongest in, and the rest of you are working more on the things you’re just okay at. We didn’t decide this randomly. Isa and Ainsley analyzed your test scores and determined separately which areas each of you should focus on. Both of them came up with almost the exact same results, so that’s how we decided what you’d be doing. We’re expecting your training to last over a year. You’ll be helping out with some missions during that time, and in fact, mission work will be your final exam in some areas. Again, those areas will not be the same for all of you.
“We could’ve just put you all in the exact same classes, and had you work together on everything, but I meant what I said about you all being different and unique from each other, and even from us. You need to work in the way that is best for you, and yes, we used your tests, as well as other things we know about you, to decide how you we could help you learn in the best way possible. I can’t tell you it’ll always be the easiest, but I promise you, your leaning plan is the best suited for you, and what you need to learn.
“You all have some classes together, because you can’t build friendships if you’re a lone island out there on your own. You’re still on your own path in those classes, even when you’re working together. I don’t want any of you worrying about what your fellow recruits are doing, or if they’re learning something faster than you are. Because I can guarantee you that each of you is picking up something quicker than everyone else in one subject or another. How fast or slow you pass your training doesn’t matter to us. What we want to see is the woman who keeps trying, not matter how hard something is for her, until she overcomes the obstacles she’s facing. Every one of us believes that every one of you is that woman, and I want you to believe it, too. No. That’s wrong. I need you to believe you’re that woman. It’s the only way you’ll make it through training.”
“Damn, that was hot,” Matt Corrigan says from the back of the room.
“What are you doing here, Matteo?” Reina asks, trying to look stern, but failing.
“Watching my wife rally the troops better than Mel Gibson did in Braveheart. Or anyone else has probably ever done, ever. And like I said, it was hot.”
“Reina’s getting lucky tonight,” Stella sings out.
“Reina always gets lucky,” Matt replies with a smirk.
“I love it when you all talk about me like I’m not here. No really, I don’t. Can I finish my meeting now?”
“I think we got it. You can go have wild sex with your husband if you want, Reina,” Matisse tells her.
Her mouth opens and then closes again. We all smile at her and nod. “You’re all going to fit in perfectly here. My office now, Matt.”
“You know I love it when you’re bossy,” he says, swooping her up into his arms as she tries to walk past him.
She yelps, but then buries her face in his chest as we all clap and yell. I want that, what she has with Matt. I want a man who will respect me, but also tease me, and carry me to my office for afternoon sex.
I don’t want it with just anyone, though. I want it with the man I’ve fallen in love with. That sexy Brazilian baseball player who cooks for me and helps me learn Portuguese while blowing my mind in bed. The one who’s going to be leaving town, and me, in a little over a month. I should’ve never agreed to that deal, even though we didn’t stick to the terms. I thought he was trouble, but now I know he’s so much more: everything I can’t have.

* * *

Joel

“Thanks for letting me come by,” I tell Miles when he meets me in the lobby of Corrigan & Co.
“I can’t believe your therapist dropped you just because you did some hitting last night.”
“I can. I knew he was an ass, but I let it go since I was making progress.”
“Still. You said you didn’t hurt anything and you were able to hit for hours. He should be happy.”
“If he’d been the one to get me off the ass and into the cage, he would’ve. That was you, though, and I need to thank you for that, too. I owe you lots of thanks.”
“Save it until we see if Reina will help you out,” he advises, ushering me into an elevator
I seriously hope she will. When I called Miles to vent about my physical therapist dropping me, I had no idea that he might have a solution to my problem. Apparently, the Foundation has a full medical team, including a physical therapist, on staff. Miles said it’s because the people they help sometimes need to be hidden while receiving medical attention. I’m pretty sure that’s where Sierra was, too. I still hate that I couldn’t visit her while she was recovering, but I think I made up for it last night—and this morning.
“Hi, Xandy,” he greets his wife as we walk into the Foundation lobby. I still think it’s crazy that she’s a billionaire, yet works as a receptionist here. Miles insists that she loves it.
“Hi, King. Hi, Joel.”
“Hey, Alex. Is Reina available?”
“Umm…not really.”
“Is she in a meeting?”
“No.”
“Then what…oh, shit! Matt’s in there, isn’t he,” he says, moving towards the double doors down the hall. He’s already yelling for them to open up before he starts banging on the door.
I look at Alex, and she shrugs. “He can’t get in unless she lets him in, but he’s going to make a scene. It’s a brother thing.”
“I don’t have brothers. Or sisters.”
“Me neither, but I do have uncles. They’d be doing the same thing. In fact, I’m sure they do it to each other frequently.”
“I’ve met your uncles, so I’d say you’re probably right.” The Griffin brothers are super loyal to each other, but they give each other shit every time I see them.
I walk down the hall just in time to see Matt swing open the door and punch Miles. “Shut it, Kilo.”
Miles recovers and lunges for his brother. I stand at the door as they wrestle on the floor. Reina twists her hair up into a bun, and smiles at me. “I’m guessing you came here with Miles.”
“Uh, yeah. Should we stop them?”
“No,” she says, waving her hand at them. “They’ll get tired eventually. What can I do for you, Joel?”
“My physical therapist dropped me today, and Miles said you might have someone who could take over.”
“Why did you get dropped?”
“His ego was bigger than his muscles.”
“Some would say the same about you.”
“I used the batting cage at your apartments last night. It was the first time I practiced hitting since I got hurt, even though I’ve been doing rotator exercises for months. I did it for hours, and was only a little sore after. He was mad that I did it on my own.”
“You’re healing. That’s good.”
“Yeah. Spring Training starts in about a month. I just need someone to keep me progressing until then.”
“What if she tells you to ease up on the hitting?”
“She? Of course you have a female physical therapist.”
“I’d tell you about our male doctor to make you feel better, but if you have a problem with a woman telling you what to do, you’re in the wrong place.”
“She’s right about that,” Matt says as he comes up next to her and kisses her cheek.
His hair is a mess and he’s got cuts and bruises on his face. Neither one of them seems to think it’s anything unusual, and when I look over to Miles, he seems unfazed as well. I shake my head and tell them the truth.
“I’m fine with taking orders from a woman.”
“Okay, then. We still owe you for helping us out last year. I’ll give you access to our medical floor, but you need to understand that we keep it private for a reason. You will be met by one of the medical staff as soon as you get off the elevator, and your clearance will only allow you into the PT room with Waverly. Private patient rooms are off limits to you.”
“I understand. Thank you.”
“Don’t make me regret this, Joel.”
“I won’t.”
She picks up her phone and makes a call. From her side of the conversation, I know she’s talking to the therapist. When she hangs up, she writes something on a slip of paper and hands it to me.
“Have your records send to Waverly. She’ll review what she can, and meet you here tomorrow at ten sharp. When you get here, someone from security will put you in an elevator and send you down. Don’t be late.”
“I’ll be early. Thank you again. I mean it.”
Miles and I walk back out to the lobby and I stop short. My girl is there with her girls, looking hot as hell. She has a dark blue sports bra on with a loose black tank over it. Her long legs are in cropped leggings, she’s got tennis shoes on her feet, and her hair in a ponytail. I can tell they just came from working out, and damn, I want to lick the sweat from her neck.
“Joel!” she exclaims when she sees me.
“Olá, Gatinha.Como vai?”
“Oh hell, my ovaries just exploded,” the polished looking blonde next to her says, fanning herself. I can’t remember her name even though we met at the club that night I danced with Sierra. There was a time when I would’ve totally taken advantage of my accent, as well as my native language, but now it just makes me think of one girl.
“Calm down, Rhieve. He just asked her how she was. And called her ‘Kitten’. In that barely-there accent of his…okay, I get the ovary explosion,” the beautiful Middle Eastern girl says. Neveah. That’s her name. I do a mental fist pump. I can do this. I can remember their names.
“I’m right here, you know,” I tell them with a laugh.
“Oh, we know, ball boy,” Jenysis tells me.
“Excuse my friends. What are you doing here?” she asks. I raise an eyebrow at her, and smile when she practically growls at me before asking again. “O que faz aqui?”
“He really is teaching her Portuguese,” Matisse says.
“I thought you were all headed to the cafeteria for smoothies,” Sierra tells them.
“We thought you were coming with us,” Rose tells her with a smirk.
“I…I mean…Joel.”
“Go with your friends. I’ll see you later.”
“You’re sure?”
“Claro.”
“Okay. I should be home around six if you want to come over then.”
“Sure. Oh, and don’t forget that it’s your turn to cook tonight.”
“Merda.”
“I’ll pick up pizza on the way over.”
“Muito obrigado. Muito,” she tells me, leaning up to kiss my cheek before leaving with her friends.
That’s not the correct way to use that word, but right now I don’t care. My girl is so fucking adorable, and also so damn sexy. I can’t wait to see her tonight. All of her.
Chapter 8
Sierra

Joel’s down in the batting cage, while I’m studying in my apartment. I’m doing well with the Portuguese, and my other languages, but I need to work on some things for my Science class with Audrey tomorrow. I did okay with the subject in high school, but the stuff we’re studying is kicking my butt a little. I know I’ll get it, but I definitely can’t skate by like I do with my Fashion and Technology lessons.
After about two hours, I’m starting to get a crick in my neck, and the formulas are all merging together on the pages. I stretch and yawn before putting everything away. I know Miles could be down there for hours if I don’t interrupt him. He’s been doing that every night this week, working in the batting cage, and then coming upstairs to wake me up for some lovemaking before we both fall asleep. That’s all I’ve been getting from him, just middle of the night sex. No dinners, no hanging out, not even a kiss in the morning when I leave for work because he’s still passed out. He’s focused on baseball, and only baseball, and it’s starting to get to me. Tonight I want something different, something for me, so I’m going to make that happen.
I put on a loose dress that has a deep V-neck, and looks like lights are flashing over it behind the white circle overlay. It’s not terribly sexy, but since I have to walk through the lobby, I need to be covered up. The security guys have probably seen everything there is to see in their time here, but I still don’t want to give them a show.
I wave as I pass them, and grab a helmet when I walk into the game room. I trust Joel’s skills for what I want to do, but I know he’ll be more relaxed if he knows I’m protected. I’m happy to see that he’s got the balls on medium speed as I slip into the cage with him.
“Sierra, what are you doing?”
“I want to play, too.”
“You want to bat?”
“Something like that. You just concentrate on hitting those balls while I play with yours.”
I drop to my knees in front of him, and pull down his shorts, and boxer briefs. A ball pings on the cage next to me as he curses. “This is too dangerous.”
“I trust you.”
He growls out another curse word when I take him in my mouth. I hear a couple more balls hit the cage, but the rest are connecting with his bat. I reward him for his hard work with some hard sucks, taking him in as far as I can. It’s not easy to keep him in my mouth with his hips swinging, but I’m determined to make this work.
“Porra, shit, merda, fuck…Kitten. God, don’t stop.”
I’m not planning to stop. I continue to work him over while he works out. I alternate licks with sucks, paying special attention to the head where he’s leaking already. I lower myself down, taking his balls into my mouth as I stroke him, and then he’s done playing.
He slams on the stop button, pulls me to my feet, and flips me around to face the back of the cage. “You wanted to drive me crazy, didn’t you?”
“N-no. I wanted to make you come in my mouth.”
“Not tonight, Gatinha. Tonight, I’m going to drive you crazy, make you beg, and then and only then am I going to fuck you hard against this cage.”
“That works, too.”
“Glad you approve.”
He whips my dress over my head and curses again when he sees that I have nothing on underneath it. His hands go to my thighs, spreading them open. He runs his fingers up the inside, capturing the liquid that’s running down them. He turns my head so I can watch as he sucks his fingers into his mouth, licking them clean.
He leaves me for a moment, but I force myself not to whimper, knowing he’ll be back. I grip the cage and lean my head against it as I wait for him. I feel the baseball on my back as he steps behind me again. He rolls it over my shoulders, and down my spine, then back up again. The fingers of his other hand find my wet pussy, and tease my entrance. I try to bear down on them, needing the friction he’s denying me. Instead of giving me what I need, he drops the ball and smacks my ass.
“Be a good girl, and behave.”
“What if I don’t want to behave?”
“You want me to spank you, don’t you? You liked that?”
“Yes.”
He smacks my other cheek as I moan, and then he’s spinning me back around so that we’re face to face. He picks up the bat, and my eyes widen. “I’m just going to play with the bat, Sierra. You know I won’t hurt you.” I nod, because I do know that. I close my eyes, letting him know I mean it.
He brings the bat up and runs it over my cheeks, one after the other. It slides lazily over my collarbone, and between my breasts. When he gets to my ribs, he flips it around, running the handle over each bone on both sides. He’s gentle, and although I never would’ve imagined it before, having my baseball player play me with his bat is pretty damn sexy.
Once he’s past my ribs, he unexpectedly drops the bat to the ground. I open my eyes, and he’s giving me one of the sexiest smiles I have ever seen in my life. “Not there, Kitten. While I like running my ball, and my bat over your skin, your pussy’s only for me. My fingers, my mouth, my tongue, and especially my cock”
“It was nice. It felt nice to have you run those things you love over me.”
“It was nice,” he tells me. “What we’re about to do isn’t going to be so nice. I’m too turned on for ‘nice’ or ‘sweet.’”
“I don’t remember asking you for either tonight.”
Instead of giving me a verbal answer, he kisses me hard, pushing my hands above my head. I struggle a little against him and he pulls back to look at me. His eyes search mine as he lets my hands go. “Was I hurting you? I didn’t mean to.”
“No,” I tell him, running my hands up under his shirt. “I just needed to touch you. I don’t like it when I can’t touch you.”
“Well, we can’t have that, can we? An unhappy Kitten?”
“No. We most certainly cannot.”
He kisses me again, letting me scratch his abs lightly as he pushes me harder into the cage. I’m going to have some marks tomorrow, I think to myself.
Or at least I thought I was only thinking it, until he answers. “Merda. I know you want to touch me, but I want to fuck you against this cage. Without hurting you.”
I kiss him lightly, and then turn, placing my hands above my head as I spread my legs wider, and bend forward. “Go ahead. I got some good touching in.”
“Anytime you touch me is good.”
“You say the sweetest things. Now fuck me before I go crazy,” I say, leaning down to grab a condom from my shoe.
He puts it on and slams into me, pushing me right up against the cage, and then pulling me back a little. I can’t touch him, but he’s touching me. His hands slide down my sides as he rubs his beard over my back and bites my shoulder. As I thrust back to bring him deeper into me, he reaches around to rub my stomach, my ribs, and finally my breasts. His fingers skate over my hard nipples as he whispers in my ear.
“I love your tits, Kitten.”
“They’re small.”
“They’re perfect. The way they fit in my hands is perfect. Their shape is perfect. Your nipples are perfect. Perfect.”
I turn my head and he gives me his lips. Our tongues tangle together as he moves one of his hands down. When it presses into my folds, and finds my clit, I moan into his mouth. We continue this way for the next few minutes, and then I’m coming. Arching back into him as he continues to thrust into me, and kiss me, and oh God, touch me. I can feel my orgasm everywhere. I can feel him everywhere, and it takes me out of this world for a few seconds.
I come back to Earth when he grabs my hips hard enough to leave marks, and starts going even harder, and rougher. I hold on as tight as I can to the cage as he takes what he needs and comes on a roar. He pulls out and steps away from me. The loss of him feels like it’s more than physical, and it makes me shake a little.
“Damn, that was good.”
“We can try to top it upstairs.”
“I need to get back to practice, and I should probably sleep at my place tonight. I need to rest before my session with Waverly tomorrow.”
“You’re not staying?”
“Don’t be like this, Sierra. We can spend one night alone. We’ll be spending lots of nights apart when I make it back on the team.”
Apart. He said we would be apart, not alone. Since he’s treating me like a bunny right now, I guess I don’t have to wonder why that is. I was stupid to think that this was more. That I’m more.
“Yeah, sure.”
“Good. I need to get back to it. See you tomorrow.”
I’ve never done a walk of shame before, because I’ve never been ashamed of what I’ve done in the past. Right now, as I put my dress back on and walk back through the lobby, I’m ashamed. I feel dirty and wrong. Everything I thought was right is wrong. I don’t know what to do.
At least I learned Portuguese.

* * *

Joel

I’m doing arm circles with weights under Waverly’s watchful eye when Jenysis barges into the room. “You bloody wanker,” she says, getting all up in my face.
“What did you do to her?” Waverly asks me, her eyes wide.
“It’s not me. It’s Sierra. She’s not one of your rabbits, you…you…asshole.”
“Rabbits?” I ask.
“Oh, I think she means bunnies, not rabbits,” Waverly tells me.
“Yes. That’s it. Bunnies. Sierra’s not one of your bunnies.”
“First of all, I have no bunnies. Second, I know damn well Sierra’s not one of them.”
“Then why did you treat her like one last night?”
“I didn’t.” I wouldn’t.
“That’s not what she said. You hurt her. She’s hiding it from everyone else today, but she let me see her fall apart. If you don’t really want to be with her, then tell her that and she’ll just honor your original agreement.”
“I have no idea why she’s upset, but I can’t believe she sent you here.”
“You’re an even bigger arse than I thought if you think she knows I’m here.”
She turns and stalks out before I can ask her if she has any more information for me. Waverly’s standing with her arms crossed now, looking at me like I’m a piece of gum stuck to her shoe.
“What? I swear I didn’t do anything.”
“I haven’t known Sierra long, but she doesn’t seem like the type to get all crazy over nothing. Maybe you need to think harder about whatever happened last night.”
“I don’t need to think, I know I didn’t…oh shit,” I say as I start re-enacting last night in my head. “Motherfucking bastard. I’m a motherfucking bastard.”
“Care to elaborate?”
“No, but I have to go. I know we had another half hour, but I have to go.”
“Go. You’d be no use here now anyway.”
I sprint to the elevator, breaking the rule about having someone with me. I have no clue about what’s going on around me, so it really doesn’t matter. I pace in circles as it takes me to the floor I need. I’ve worked myself into a frenzy by the time I get inside the Foundation lobby.
“Are you okay, Joel?” Alex asks, looking alarmed.
“No, I’m really not. I need to see Sierra.”
“She’s busy right now.”
“I’ll wait.”
“It could be hours, Joel. She has training all day.”
“I’ll wait,” I repeat, sitting on one of the couches.
Alex picks up her phone and makes a call, all the while looking at me like she doesn’t know what to do with me. I want to wish her good luck in figuring that out. I don’t even know what to do with me right now.
My knee is bouncing up and down when Darcy walks into the lobby. “Are you on drugs, Joel?”
“Hell, no.”
“Why are you shaking?”
“I need to see Sierra.”
“She’s busy.”
“Alex and I already had this conversation. I’ll wait.”
“Not out here, you won’t. You’re shaking like a crack addict and we don’t need that look in our lobby. Let’s go to one of the conference rooms.”
I jump up and follow her. She’s Sierra’s mentor, so she has to know where she is, and maybe she’ll even help me. If I can just calm down and stop freaking everyone out.
“What did you do?” she asks me once we’re seated at a big round table.
“How do you know I did something?”
“Please. I have a husband. I know all about the guilty man look.”
“I fucked up.”
“At least you realize it. I’ll give you points for that.”
“I do. I know what I did was bad.”
“Do you know why you did it?”
“Um, yes? No. Maybe. Are you a psychiatrist, too?”
“I have many talents, Joel. So does everyone else who works here. Sierra wants to work here with us. It’s very important to her. Having her boyfriend freak out in the lobby doesn’t look good.”
Oh no. They can’t hold me against her. It’s not her fault. At all. “Don’t punish her because of me.”
“We won’t. I just want you to realize that you can’t behave like this here. Sierra is serious about wanting to work with us, and you need to respect that. I’ll also tell you again that you should try and figure out why you did what you did. It might stop you from doing it again.”
It takes me less than a minute to realize that I do indeed know why I did it. Why I treated Sierra that way. It’s fucked-up, and so wrong, but I have to own it. “I know why.”
“That was fast, which earns you another point from me.”
“What do I win if I get enough points?”
“Maybe Sierra.”
“I don’t want to disturb her during class.”
“It’s her free hour. She’s studying.”
“How can I earn more points?”
“You already did when you told me not to pull her out of class.”
She picks up her phone, and makes a call. I can only hear her side, but it sounds like she’s asking someone to grab Sierra from the archery range. They do archery here? How is that studying? I’m not going to worry about that now. I have other things to focus on. Mainly groveling.
When she hangs up, I can’t help commenting on her phone case. “Is that a cat with a crown on it?”
“Oh, yeah,” she tells me with a smile. “I call Brayden ‘Crown’ for obvious reasons, and he calls me ‘Cat’ because I was once a cat burglar. He had this symbol designed for me when he asked me to marry him.”
“Oh, wow. I didn’t know about the cat burglar thing.”
“Most people don’t. I have a feeling you might be staying around if you can get your shit together with Sierra, so I don’t mind sharing it with you.”
“Thanks for telling me. I want to be around, and well, the cat thing is kind of ironic, actually.”
“In what way?”
“I call Sierra “Gatinha” which means kitten, but is also used to tell someone you think they’re cute and sexy in my country. So basically, you’re the Cat mentoring the Kitten.”
She smiles. “Nice. Just remember that both cats and kittens have claws…and we don’t mind using them when we have to.”
I smile back, and then turn at the sound of the door opening. “Hey, Darce, what’s…he doing here?”
“He knows he fucked up. He was prepared to sit in the lobby for hours to wait for you, he was shaking like a crack whore when I first saw him, and he didn’t want to take you from class just to see him. I don’t know what he did, and it’s not up to me to offer him forgiveness, but I think you should hear him out.”
“Thanks, Darcy.”
“Don’t thank me yet. She hasn’t agreed to talk to you,” she says, standing up, and walking to the door. “If he pisses you off, you have permission to ban him from the building, Si. Just let Alex know.”
Sierra nods at her, and waits until the door closes to look at me. Her eyes look wary, and more than a little hurt. It kills me that I did this to her. Because she loves me, I have this power over her—the power to wound her greatly. I didn’t feel the responsibility of it until I used it. Trying to protect myself from being hurt is no excuse.
“What are you doing here, Joel?”
“I needed to see you.”
“I’m at work. Couldn’t this have waited until later?”
“Would you have seen me later?”
“No,” she says, looking me in the eye. “I don’t really feel like seeing you today.”
“I understand.”
“Do you?”
“Yes. What I did to you…to us…I was scared, and instead of talking to you about it, I tried to push you away.”
“What are you scared of? Not going back to baseball?”
“No. I mean, yes, that scares me, but I was more scared of you last night.”
“Me? That blow job I gave you was pretty scary, huh?” she asks, sarcastically as she rolls her eyes.
“Yes, actually.”
“Excuse me?”
“Can you sit down, please, and I’ll try to explain?”
She hesitates for a moment, and then sits. “Go ahead.”
“I need to get back to baseball, Sierra. It’s what has always made me happiest in my life, and I don’t know what my life would be like without it. This past year has been harder than I’ve let anyone see. I refused to give up, even when my body was giving up on me, but there were nights that I thought about everything being over. Nights filled with alcohol, random women, and yes, tears, as I contemplated a life without baseball. I know I can’t play forever, but I’m still young enough to have a least a few more years left in me. I’ve got a college degree, and options outside of baseball, but I can’t leave it yet. I just can’t. Not even for you.”
“I would never ask you to give up baseball. I haven’t asked you to give it up.”
“Yet you came to me when I was in the middle of practicing last night.”
“I came to you because I missed my boyfriend. I’m sorry that your middle of the night fucks just weren’t cutting it for me anymore.”
“I have to practice if I’m going to make it through Spring Training.”
“And I have to sleep so I can pay attention in my classes and pass my training. Yet, every night when you come into bed and wake me up, I have sex with you for hours, even though I should be sleeping. I just wanted something for me for once.”
“For you? Is making love with me a chore? I make you come every damn night. That’s not for you?”
“No. It’s not. And please don’t insult us both by pretending that it is. You wake me up because you’re so pumped up about getting better and staying in the batting cage longer and longer. Those orgasms are for you, so you can tell yourself that you’re being a good boyfriend and taking care of me. But I need more than orgasms. I could get those from any guy I pick up at a bar.
“A good boyfriend would have had dinner with me at least once this past week, he would’ve asked me how my day was, or how my studying is going, and maybe, just maybe, he would wake up long enough to give me a kiss goodbye in the morning. That’s the kind of taking care of I need. I think I deserve it, too.
“I get that your career is important to you, but you don’t seem to understand that mine is important to me, too. I’ll never be the girl who just wants to lounge around and spend your money, or be on your arm because you’re a hot baseball player. Even if I didn’t have a football god for a brother, I’m just not that kind of girl. I like my independence, and I value myself enough to know that I’m more than arm candy.”
My head is spinning at what she’s just said. I came here to apologize for last night, but it seems I have much more to be sorry for. She’s right about my focus being all about baseball this last week. I need to focus on my career, but I also need to focus on her. The two aren’t mutually exclusive, although I’ve made them that way lately. I could’ve had dinner with her, and I damn well could’ve kissed her in the morning instead of burying my head in the pillows and ignoring her as she got up for work.
“I don’t deserve you.” There’s so much more I need to say, but that’s all I can get out right now.
“Right now, I’m not sure you’re wrong.” Damn, she’s not giving me an inch. Not that she should, but it still stings.
“Can I take you to dinner tonight?”
“My mom’s flying in tonight.”
“Oh, I didn’t know.”
“You didn’t ask,” she says, looking like she might cry. “You know what hurts even more than you ignoring me, or not being interested in me for anything besides sex?”
“No.” I’m not sure I want to know. In fact, I’m positive that I don’t. I need to, though, if I have any chance of fixing this. “Please tell me.”
“You haven’t spoken even one word of Portuguese to me until last night. It took me putting your cock in my mouth for that to happen.”
Holy shit. I slide out of my seat to kneel next to her chair. I take her face in my hands and look her in the eye. “Eu te amo. Eu sinto muito,” I tell her, meaning every word, because I do love her, and I’m very sorry for what I’ve done to her.
“It’s going to be hard when baseball season starts or when I have to travel for business and we’re apart. I’ll miss you, but it’ll be okay if I know you miss me, too. I didn’t feel that from you this past week. You need to focus on getting back to your team, and I want that for you so, so much. I just need a little bit of you, too.”
“You have all of me. I can’t give it all to you right now, but I’m yours. There are no rabbits in my future. I promise.”
“Rabbits?”
“Oh, um, shit. I meant bunnies. Jen called them rabbits and it just slipped into my head.”
“Jen? Oh Hell, did she come to see you?”
“Yeah, while I was working with Waverly.”
“She shouldn’t have.”
“I’m glad she did. If I’d lost you because I was focusing on baseball, and only baseball, I’d never have forgiven myself.”
“Wait, you just said she interrupted your session with Waverly. You need to go.”
“I’m right where I need to be, Gatinha.”
“I just said I wouldn’t interfere with baseball.”
“You’re not. I did this. Not you. You’ve been supportive and wonderful, putting up with my stupid ass while I ignored you and treated you like shit.”
“When you say it that way, I really sound pathetic.”
“You can punch me a few times if it will make you feel better. Or hit me with an arrow somewhere non-life threatening.”
“An arrow?”
“I thought I heard Darcy say you were doing archery.”
“Oh, yeah. I was. They have some fun stuff for us to do here in between torturing us with Science and Languages.”
“Cool. Maybe you can show me one day.”
“Maybe. I don’t need to punch you or shoot an arrow into you to prove I’m a strong woman. I just need to walk away if you treat me badly again.”
“I won’t.”
“I hope not. Listen, I have to get back, but thanks for coming by. We’ll talk soon.”
“How long is your mom in town for?” I ask, standing when she does.
“Just the one night. She was visiting our aunt in California, and we convinced her to stop here before going home.”
“Oh, okay.”
She bites her lip and looks at the floor. “If you have time, you could come to dinner with us tonight. Zack and Ainsley will be there, too.”
“Yes. I want to go to dinner.”
“Great. I’ll text you the info.”
I impulsively pull her to me and hug her tight. She hugs me back, and I just stand there breathing her in, thankful that I didn’t screw things up so badly that we can’t go back from them. And promising myself that I’ll do everything I can to never hurt her again.
Chapter 9
Sierra

My parents aren’t the type who enjoy a fancy restaurant more than once a year, so we’re taking my mom to a really good Mexican restaurant on the fringes of downtown. I decided to dress with the theme, putting on a tight black mini dress that has an off the shoulder lace overlay. I didn’t go all out with my hair and makeup because this isn’t a date. It’s a dinner with my mom, and my maybe-boyfriend.
I texted him the restaurant and time, and he said he’d be there. I shouldn’t be nervous. He’s seen me naked and experienced my morning breath, yet he’s still around. Or at least he’s promised to be from now on.
When I get to the restaurant, I see Zack, Ainsley, and my mom getting out of Zack’s truck. I beep, so they see me and wait. I run over to my mom as soon as I get out of the car, hugging her tight. I love my parents. I know some people don’t have good relationships with theirs, but mine are great. Sure, they disciplined us when they had to, and they didn’t let us get away with any crap, but I’ve always felt loved and wanted. I know Zack feels the same way, too.
“I’ve missed you,” my mom tells me when we pull apart.
“Me, too. You have to come visit more often. Especially since Zack and I are both here now.”
“I know,” she says, linking her arm with mine as we walk into the restaurant in front of Zack and Ainsley.
“Hi,” Joel says, standing up from one of the benches when we walk inside. “They said they didn’t have a reservation for you, so I put our name in for a table.”
“I could’ve done that,” Zack grumbles.
“You weren’t here,” my mother reminds him, swatting his arm. “Thank you, Joel. It’s nice to see you again.”
“You as well, Mrs. Taylor,” he tells her. “You look lovely tonight.”
“Dude, that’s my mom.”
“He said she looked nice, Zack. Calm down,” Ainsley tells him.
“That’s very sweet of you to say, Joel,” my mom says.
“Just telling the truth.”
“Seriously, man. Enough with the ass kissing.”
“Shut it, Zacky,” I tell him, earning a glare.
“Can we have one meal where you two don’t try to antagonize each other?” my mom asks.
“No,” we both say in unison.
The hostess yells out Joel’s name right then, so we drop it for now. Joel takes my hand and smiles down at me as we walk to the table. “Você esta bonita.”
“Thank you. You look very nice, too.”
He’s got on a green polo shirt, dark jeans, and combat boots. His hair is in its usual slicked back style, just begging for me to run my fingers through it.
“I wanted to impress your mother.”
“Just tone it down before Zack loses it.”
“Am I threatening his masculinity?” he asks, pulling out my chair for me. “Does he need to be the alpha?”
“No, and yes. He’s very secure in his masculinity, but he’s also very protective of me, my mom, and Ainsley.”
“Got it. I’ll stop with the compliments.”
“Thanks,” I tell him, leaning up to kiss his cheek.
We all discuss the menu as we look it over, debating on appetizers to share and deciding what we want. I’m having trouble deciding between the enchiladas and the chimichanga, although I know I want some empanadas, too.
“You get one, and I’ll get the other. We can share,” Joel offers.
“I thought you wanted tamales.”
He shrugs. “I can take some home with me.”
“Getting in all the good stuff before you have to diet, huh?” Zack asks.
“Yep. I’ve been eating pretty healthy while I’ve been out, but it’s back to only lean meats once Spring Training starts.”
“It’s the one thing that sucks about being a pro athlete, but it’s worth it.”
“Yeah, it totally is.”
“Sharing food is fun, too. Ains and I do it all the time.”
I smile at my brother, silently thanking him for being nice to Joel. He nods at me in response. We agree on what to order and Zack signals the waitress over. She comes to the table, but stands next to Joel instead of Zack.
She starts speaking to him in Spanish, hitting on him. I know he speaks fluent Spanish because we’ve compared the similarities and differences to Portuguese while he’s been teaching me his language. He looks at me, winks, and then turns to the waitress.
“I’m Brazilian, so my native language is Portuguese. My girlfriend speaks Spanish, so maybe she can translate what you said to me, and then I can give you my answer.”
Her eyes go wide as she glances at me. “Oh, um, no. That’s okay. I’ll speak in English. What would you like to order?”
Once she walks away, Zack looks at Joel with his head tilted. “You don’t speak Spanish?”
“I do.”
“She was hitting on him,” Ainsley explains.
“With my sister sitting next to you? You have your arm on her chair for fuck’s sake.”
“Women hit on you when you’re with Ainsley,” I remind him.
“I don’t like it. Any of it.”
“Neither do we, but as long as you say no, we can handle it. Right, Si?”
“Yep. I’ll never like it, but I can live with it. Especially when my guy does things like he just did. That was epic.”
“Nah. It was just the right thing to do,” Joel says, closing his eyes as I lean over and kiss him. We’re going to be okay.

* * *

Joel

I’ve been back on track, working and training as hard as I can, but also giving Sierra the attention she deserves. Our relationship just keeps getting better and better. I still worry a little about what’s going to happen when I go on the road, but she says she’s really going to be okay with it, and I have to trust that our love will keep us going. I’m not the first athlete to be in a relationship with someone who can’t go on the road. Other people have done it, and we can do it, too.
Tonight, I’m going to hang out with the kids from the high school team Miles coaches. I went out and watched them play a few times last year, signing autographs and stuff, but this time will be different. This time, they’re going to help me. Batting in a cage is one thing, but it can’t account for the variables a human would be throwing at me. These kids aren’t MLB players, but they can still toss the ball with me, and his pitcher is actually being heavily recruited, so he should have some good heat.
I pull up to the field and smile when I see Sierra and her friends already in the stands. Kendrick and Waverly are here, too. Kendrick’s been taking care of my medical progress ever since I started getting help from Waverly. That wasn’t part of my original deal with Reina, but she signed off on it when he told her it would help with whatever research he does for the Foundation.
My smile goes wider when Sierra holds up a sign with sparkly letters on it, proclaiming her love for me. She’s got her hair in ponytails, and fuuuckk, she’s wearing a tight sweater and a cheerleading skirt. How the hell am I supposed to play when she’s looking like that? Having a hard on is not going to be comfortable. At least I have compression shorts on under my cut off sweats, so it may not be so evident.
“Nice wood,” Matisse yells when I go up to bat. I turn to her and she smirks as Sierra dissolves into a fit of giggles. Okay, so yeah, it’s definitely evident.
I turn back to the pitcher and nod. He throws me a good pitch, and it’s game on. I hit, run, throw, and slide into bases for the next two hours, and it feels fucking fantastic. It’s been years since I’ve just played to play and not to win. I thank all the kids and go get my girl.
I pick Sierra up and spin her around, kissing the hell out of her. I don’t care that the kids can see us, or that her friends and mine are telling us to get a room. I only care that this amazing woman came here to cheer me on—literally. She’s a wet dream come true, and she’s all mine.
“Sorry to break this up, but the guys want to know if you’re going to the pizza place with us,” Miles says.
“Oh, umm…”
“Yeah, we are,” Sierra answers, smiling at me. “I just have to change, and then we’ll meet you there.”
“You don’t have to change,” Landon Wilson says. He’s the pitcher, and his dad, Zane, is a good friend of Miles.
His dad comes over and smacks the back of his head. “Not appropriate.”
“All I did was say that she didn’t need to change.”
“Why doesn’t she need to change?” Zane asks him.
“Because…well, shit. Don’t tell Mom, okay?”
“Apologize, and I’ll consider it.”
“I’m sorry,” he grumbles.
“You’re Zane Wilson,” Matisse says suddenly. She looks absolutely star-struck. She’s covered in ink, and I’ve heard he’s a pretty famous tattoo artist, so I guess that’s why.
“Uh, yeah. Hi.”
“I’m Matisse,” she tells him, sticking out her hand. “We have an appointment on Monday. My friend Stella set it up.”
“Oh yeah, hey, it’s nice to meet you. Stella said you did an apprenticeship at a shop in D.C.”
“It wasn’t anything like you do, but I learned some stuff. Thanks for letting me shadow you.”
“No problem. Some of the guys from the shop are meeting us for pizza if you want to come. My wife will be there, too.”
“I’d love to meet Quinn, but I have plans.”
“Go on ahead, Matisse,” Kendrick says, shocking the hell out of me, and pretty much everyone else. “I can help you study tomorrow.”
“Are you sure? I know you made room in your schedule for me today.”
“I’ll figure it out. Have a good night.”
He starts to walk away, but she stops him. “Kendrick, wait. I don’t want to re-schedule.” She turns back to Zane. “I’m sorry I can’t make it tonight, but I’m really looking forward to meeting everyone.”
“No worries. I’ll see you on Monday.”
“Wait a minute,” Sierra says. “How come you didn’t offer to help me study, Kendrick? I’m struggling a little in Science, you know.”
“I didn’t know, actually. Maybe we could include you.”
“No. We can’t. Sierra was just kidding.”
She practically drags Kendrick away, putting her hand behind her back to flip Sierra off. “That was interesting,” I say.
“Yes, it was,” Waverly answers, looking at Kendrick and Matisse like she’s trying to figure out a puzzle.
“You coming with us, Waverly?” Jenysis asks her.
“Sure, if that’s okay.”
“Of course it is,” Sierra tells her, and I smile again because of her. This time it’s not because of how hot she looks, but because of how good of a person she is. She’s the whole package, and I’m pretty damn lucky to have her in my life.
Chapter 10
Joel

“I’ll put the cheerleader outfit back on once we’re home, so stop pouting,” Sierra tells me as we pull up to the pizza place.
“I’m not pouting. I’m sulking,” I tell her with a laugh. “You look great in your sweater and jeans, too, by the way.”
“Why thank you.”
I open her car door for her and take her hand in mine. When we get inside, the team calls me over to sit with them. I hesitate, but Sierra tells me to go ahead and sit with them. I kiss her cheek and join the guys while she sits with her girls.
A few minutes after we order, I see a guy in a suit approach Sierra’s table. “Daniel!” she yells, jumping out of her chair. “Oh my God! What are you doing here?” she asks as she hugs him.
“I had a delivery for a client. I was going to give you a call tomorrow,” he tells her, keeping his hands on her hips when they move apart.
I’m waiting for her to move his hands off of her, or at least step back. She doesn’t. She lets him keep his hands on her. She lets him lean in and kiss her cheek. I can objectively say that he’s handsome, and he’s probably never had a speck of dirt on him in his life.
“I miss all of you so much. I’m so glad to see you. It’s like seeing a little piece of home.”
“You can always come back. You know that.”
“Thanks, but I’m loving my new job.”
“Are you going to introduce me to your friends?’
“Oh, yeah. Sorry,” she says, turning so that his hands are finally dislodged. They end up holding hers, and she doesn’t stop that either. “These are my co-workers Jenysis, Harlow, Neveah, Kalilia, Camari, Waverly, Rose, and Rhieve. Everyone, this is Daniel. We worked together in Seattle.”
“We did more than work together. We were a couple.”
“Yeah, we were,” she says, blushing.
“Come sit with me?”
“Sure. I’ll be back in a few,” she tells her friends, sliding into a booth with him. He sits next to her instead of across from her, and I almost lose it right then and there. I force myself to stay calm and trust that she’ll call me over.
I wait another couple of minutes, giving her a chance to introduce me. Wanting to give her the benefit of the doubt. It doesn’t happen, though. He keeps touching her, and she keeps letting him. All while either pretending I’m not in the room or forgetting about me. Maybe both.
“I gotta go,” I tell Miles, who nods. I try to hand him some money, but he just waves me off.
I stand and walk past Sierra and the guy, Daniel, but she doesn’t even notice me. Jenysis does and she gives me a sad smile. I can’t believe this is happening. She said she forgave me when I screwed up, but now she’s ignoring me for some guy in a suit, who she apparently used to date. We haven’t talked a lot about our pasts, so she doesn’t know that if I hadn’t found baseball, I’d be a guy in a suit, too. I guess now she’ll probably never know.

* * *

Sierra

“It was great catching up, but I should get back to my friends,” I tell Daniel.
I was caught up in seeing him again because he was a part of the life I left behind, but after ten minutes of talking with him, I now remember why I broke up with him. He’s only interested in himself and what he’s doing. He touts all of his charity donations, but would never actually help out somewhere. The sex with him was good, so I stayed longer than I should have, but I was right to end things.
“I’m sure they won’t mind if I keep you for the rest of the night,” he says, rubbing my arm. “It’s not like you have a boyfriend or anything.”
“What?”
“If you had a boyfriend, you wouldn’t be letting me touch you like this.”
“I thought you were just being friendly. You touch all of the women in our group like this.”
“Yeah, but think how it would look if you were with someone.”
“I am with someone.”
I crane my neck around to see that Joel isn’t at the table with the players any longer. Miles is glaring at me, and when I turn my head, Jen is staring at me like I’m insane.
“Where is your mystery guy?” Daniel asks, pulling me to him.
“He’s not a mystery,” I say, pulling away. “Have a safe flight back.”
I get out of the booth as he sputters. I don’t care about him right now. I need to find Joel. He’s still not at his table, but I walk over there to talk to Miles.
“Where’s Joel?”
“He left, Sierra.”
“What do you mean he left? We came together.”
“Didn’t look like it,” one of the kids tells me. “That other guy was all over you.”
“He’s just friendly like that.”
“You could’ve introduced him to Joel,” another kid tells me.
I get the unspoken message. I should’ve introduced them. I can’t even imagine how it looked to Joel, especially when I go back to my table and none of the girls will look at me.
“It’s bad, isn’t it?”
“Bloody hell, Sierra. I love you, but that was just not cool.” I want to laugh at Jen and her mixing of the British and the American, but I can’t.
“I realize that. Can I ride home with someone?”
“I’ll take you,” Kalila says. “I need to do some studying anyway.”
“Thanks.”
I text Joel on the drive home, but he doesn’t answer. I can’t believe I didn’t introduce him to Daniel. I don’t know what I was thinking, although I guess I really wasn’t thinking. I let my happiness over seeing someone from my past hurt the person I want in my future. It’s my turn to apologize, and I can only hope he’ll listen.
I give Kalila a hug and thank her for the ride before going into my apartment. I stop short when I see Joel sitting on my couch. He has his elbows on his knees and his hands steepled together as he stares straight ahead. He doesn’t move as I close the door and walk over to stand in front of him.
“I’m sorry.”
“For?”
“Not introducing you to my old friend.”
“Your old boyfriend. Let’s just be clear about that.”
“Yes. I dated Daniel, but I broke up with him months before I moved here.”
“Yet you let him put his hands on you, while pretending like I didn’t exist.”
“I didn’t mean to. You just don’t understand.”
“You’re ashamed of me. Just admit it.”
“Are you insane? Of course I’m not ashamed of you.”
“My parents are very wealthy. I can put on a suit and use the right fork.”
“Well I’m glad one of us knows how to do that. I can never remember.”
“I’m being serious.”
“So am I. Why do you think I care about a suit or a damn fork?”
“You looked good with him.”
“I look better with you. I was happy to see him, because I miss my friends from Seattle and I was hoping he’d tell me about them.” I need to be honest now. “I didn’t dissuade him because I needed to hear what he said, and see how I was affected by it. I know I made the right choice in coming here, but it’s nice to have that validated sometimes.”
“And you needed to know if you made the right choice in breaking up with him.”
“God, no. He’s a self-absorbed prick. I have zero interest in him romantically.”
“I don’t like how I felt tonight. Like I was less than him. Like you were trading up.”
“Up? There’s no higher than you as far as I’m concerned. I’m sorry for how I behaved tonight. And I’m glad you’re here.”
“I almost wasn’t, but then I remembered how I hurt you and you gave me a chance to explain things to you. I owed you that chance, too.”
“Thank you for that.”
“You’re sure—really sure—that you want to be with me?”
“Yes. It’s you, and only you. You’re the one I want.”
“Can you call him and tell him that?”
“Daniel?” I ask, and he nods. “I already told him I was seeing someone.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah. And then Miles and the kids from the team put me in my place.”
“Shit.”
“I’m sorry. I never meant to make you look bad with them.”
“I don’t. They saw me leave. I’m not so sure they think too highly of you right now, despite the cheerleader outfit.”
“Oh, I know they don’t like me right now. Maybe I can just wear a bikini next time and make it up to them.”
“Over my dead body,” he growls, pulling me onto his lap.
We make out for what seems like hours before he carries me upstairs. We don’t make love, because that’s not what either of us needs to tonight. We kiss and touch each other until we fall asleep, holding onto each other like we’re afraid it’s all a dream. I just hope we don’t turn into a nightmare.
Chapter 11
Sierra

“Hi, Sierra. Please have a seat,” Reina says with a smile as I walk into her office. Darcy is in one of the chairs and smiles at me, too. I take the seat across from her and smile back.
“Hi.”
“It’s time for you to go out on your first mini mission.”
“Oh. Wow. I didn’t think it would be this fast.”
“Honestly, neither did we. Something came up and we both believe you can handle this.”
“Is it something technical?”
“No. It’s something Brazilian,” Darcy tells me with a wink.
“Brazilian?”
“Yes. There’s a young businessman who’s been receiving death threats. We’ve investigated, and while we’re not sure there’s really anything to worry about, we’d rather be proactive than reactive.”
“You speak Portuguese, don’t you? I mean, why me? I’m not proficient yet.”
“Several us are fluent, but we’re all married. Neveah is also fluent, but we need the people on this mission to be armed. As for being proficient, I heard you have a whole conversation with Joel at dinner the other night. You barely stumbled.”
“But I did. I stumbled.”
“The people at this dinner will find it charming, believe me.”
“You said there will be others there with me?”
“I’ll be there with Brayden. He was invited because, well, because people think it’s intriguing that he gave up his kingdom for me.”
“I’ll be part of your team?”
“No. You’ll be the principle’s date.”
“Date? I have a boyfriend.”
“We’re not asking you to sleep with him. You may have to kiss him, and I’m truly sorry for that, but sometimes it’s necessary. He will know you’re not really there with him, and you can threaten him if he gets out of line.”
I nod. I know I have to do this. I knew it would happen sometimes. I just never expected to have a boyfriend, or at least not one who I’m totally in love with. The last week has been close to perfect, and I won’t jeopardize him, even though I want the job. I can handle a kiss or two if I remember I’m just acting.
“What do I need to do?”
Reina and Darcy go over everything with me, and then they call Ainsley in to go over it with me all over again. Stella comes in at some point, getting the information she needs to dress me, and finally Audrey and Kendrick join us. They explain the procedures I’m going to go through in order to have the ear comm and tracker embedded in my skin. It’s more than a little like a sci-fi movie, but it’s also exciting. They wouldn’t be doing this if they didn’t expect me to become a real member of the Society.
I have time for a quick phone call to Joel. I get his voicemail and leave him a message that I’m going out of town for some training, and there’ll be no way to reach me until I get back. I tell him I love him, and then I hand my phone over to Ainsley. Minutes later, I’m falling asleep in the operating room.
When I wake up, my head feels weird and so does my left forearm. There are bandages on both, but no way am I going to peel them back to look.
“You get used to them,” Darcy promises me.
“I feel like some genetic mutation. Like Wolverine or something.”
“We have better tech than they did.”
“You would say that,” I tease her. Besides being a former cat burglar, my mentor is a major gamer.
“Damn straight.”
“What happens next?”
“You’ll be here for twenty-four hours, so we can make sure your body’s accepting the implants. I suggest you use that time to keep going over the file for the mission. It seems tedious, I know, but the smallest thing can save a life.”
“Okay. I understand.”
“Good. Once Kenny clears you, you’ll be on a jet to Sao Paolo. Stella’s going to ride along as your stylist since Bray and I have to be all royal and shit.”
“I sometimes forget that you’re a princess.”
“Me, too. Believe me. my mother-in-law just loves it when I forget,” she tells me with a smirk.
She starts to leave when Kendrick comes in, but bounces back into the room pretty quickly, closing the door. “What’s wrong?”
“Joel’s in the hallway with Waverly.”
“I’ll take care of it,” Kendrick tells us, slipping out the door and closing it again.
“If he sees me, Darce--”
“He won’t. Kenny’s got this.”
It’s a tense few minutes while we wait for him to come back. When he does, he simply nods. “He’s gone. He has no idea you’re here.”
“Thank you,” I tell him.
“We all have our secrets, Sierra. You don’t have to thank me for keeping yours. Now let’s check on these implants.”

* * *

Joel

As soon as I turn my phone on after physical therapy, it rings with a call from Dean. I answer immediately. “What’s up?”
“The GM wants the team doctor to check you out.”
“Okay, when?”
“Tomorrow. I found you a flight out of Vegas in two hours. Can you make it?”
“I don’t have anything packed.”
“You’ve still got your stuff at home, right? I mean, you didn’t take it all, did you?”
“No. You’re right. I’ve got clothes and stuff. I’ll head to the airport now.”
“You’re ready for this, right?”
“Yeah, but did they say why they want this? I thought I’d just be showing off at Spring Training.”
“I’ve been hearing some rumors about a trade being offered to them. I think they want to see if you’re going to be one-hundred percent back or if they should be considering other options.”
“Who are they mentioning for the trade?” He tells me, and I let out a string of four letter words. “They’re good.”
“You’re better, Joel. Just go out there and do what you need to do.”
“I will. I’m ready.”
I hang up with him, and concentrate on getting to the airport. Once I’m all paid up and through security, I pull out my phone to call Sierra. That’s when I see that I have a missed call from her and a voicemail. I listen to her tell me she’s got to go out of town for training and think about how perfect the timing is. I need to have my head in the game and not worrying about leaving her behind. We said we’d figure it out, and I believe that. Really, I do. Yet, I still can’t help the feeling that this is somehow the beginning of the end, no matter what we’ve promised each other.

* * *

Sierra

“When I asked for a lady in red, I had no idea they’d get it just right,” the jackass I’m supposed to be protecting says to me when I answer my hotel room door.
I am in red, because he requested it. A long red off-the-shoulder gown with an attached cape flowing down my arms and behind me to trail on the floor. I’ve got rubies at my throat and I’m totally rocking the retro ponytail with curls Stella put my hair in.
“Vai se foder.”
“Hot, feisty, and you speak Portuguese. I wasn’t kidding, Gatinha. You are my dream come true.”
“Do not call me that. Ever.”
“What? Kitten?”
“Yes. Call me it again, and I’ll cut your balls off. Now, if you’re done behaving like a little boy, we have some ground rules to go over.”
He covers his crotch with his hands as he nods. “Sure, whatever you want.”
I remind him that, except for when necessary, he needs to keep his hands to himself. When he smirks and says he might not know when necessary is, I show him my gun. “This isn’t a game. You need protection, and I’m what you’ve got. I have a boyfriend, and nothing is going to happen between you and me. Entender?”
“Yes, I understand. Your boyfriend is a very lucky man, Sierra. I hope he knows this,” he tells me as we leave my suite.
“He does, Marcus,” I assure him as we ride down in the elevator.
There are photographers when we arrive downstairs and enter the ballroom. I turn my head into Marcus’ neck, pretending I’m shy. Really, I just want to hide. This is Joel’s country, and if he happens to see a picture of me like this—with this man—I won’t be able to explain to him that it’s not real. After a few minutes, Marcus waves the photographers away and leads me to the head table.
The night isn’t horrible. Marcus got the hint earlier, and while he occasionally kisses my hand or cheek, he doesn’t try anything else. I kiss his cheek when I see his mother narrowing her eyes at us. He smiles at me, and I force myself to smile back just as brightly. Darcy gives me a subtle nod to let me know I’m doing well when our eyes meet across the room.
The guests at this table all smile indulgently at me as I do my best to converse in Portuguese with them. They seem to like practicing their English with me as well.
“You are doing well, my dear,” the woman to my left tells me.
Her name is Raquel, and from what I’ve been able to ascertain, she and her husband, João, are very close with Marcus and his family. I know they live in the States, but I haven’t had time to ask them anything else as everyone keeps wanting to know about me and Marcus.
“Thank you. It’s not an easy language, but I am trying hard to learn it.”
“You use quite a bit of slang for someone who’s learning from a book. I never thought of Marcus as patient enough to teach our language. I guess love will do that to you—give you the gift of patience.”
“My boyfriend is actually very patient with me while I learn,” I tell her, truthfully. She doesn’t need to know that my boyfriend’s name is Joel and not Marcus.
After a few dances, Marcus ushers me upstairs and insists that he needs to stay awhile to protect his reputation. I roll my eyes and point to the couch. Once I’ve changed into sweats and a loose Legends t-shirt, I join him in the living room, curling up on the big chair by the window.
“Tell me about this boyfriend of yours. Is he a spy, too?”
“No. He’s not a spy.”
I can’t tell him what he does. Joel’s told me that there’s a couple of other Brazilian-born players in the majors, but not enough to keep him from possibly figuring it out. It’s none of his business anyway.
“That’s all I’m getting, huh?”
“Yep.”
“He’s good to you, though? I mean, I guess he has to be. A kick-ass spy isn’t going to put up with anyone’s crap.”
“He’s very good to me, and no, I don’t put up with any shit.”
“Thank you for tonight, Sierra. It seems to have been a waste of time, but I appreciate the time you took to look out for me.”
“It’s my job, Marcus, but you’re welcome. You seem like a nice guy, so I’m glad to see you live another day.”
“Not nice enough to sleep with, though?”
“Não.”
We watch some T.V., where I’m happy to realize I understand almost all of what is being said. After a couple of hours, I tell him his manhood should be intact, and he can go. He tries one more time to get me to change my mind, but I just hug him at the door.
“Adeus, Sierra. I hope to see you again one day.”
“With all due respect, I hope you don’t.”
He laughs and walks away. Stella comes out of the bedroom once I close the door. “He didn’t want to take no for an answer.”
“No, he really didn’t.”
“You did good. With him, and with the mission.”
“Thanks. Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“How do you do it? I mean, with Kace and him being gone so much. Isn’t it hard?” Her husband is a boy band star, and I know he tours for several months out of the year.
“It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life, the Society included. We have lots of phone and Skype sex, and he has it written into his tour and recording contracts that he gets at least 4 days off twice a month. The other girls, and my assistant, cover for me then, and I use my regular days off to go to him at least once a month. It’s not enough, but at the same time it is. I’m busy, too, and when he’s home between tours or recording, sometimes I get called to a mission, and he’s home alone. We love each other enough to make it work.”
“You don’t worry about other women?”
“If I did, I wouldn’t have married him, or even started dating him. Kace isn’t going to cheat on me.”
“But he knows. Joel doesn’t. I can’t tell him until I’m official, and that’s close to a year away.”
“It’s hard, believe me, I know. Kace didn’t know about me being a spy when we met, and I almost lost him when it came out. It’s not going to be easy, but if he’s the one for you, you’ll find a way to make it work.”
“He is. He’s the one. I trust him, too. He won’t cheat on me.”
“Then we’ll help you see him, and also help you hide from him at the same time. If that makes sense.”
“It does.”
I know I need help with both. Hiding is going to be the hardest, but Joel and I promised each other that we’d find a way to work it out. He can’t get away like Kace can, but if I can fly to him on my days off, it will help. I know I want to be at his first game back. He will be back. I know it, and I also know I can deal with it. I don’t have a choice at this point.

* * *

Joel

“How are you doing, son?” the GM of my team asks me as I walk onto the field.
“I’m good, sir.”
I’m not suited up, but I did go into the clubhouse to put my cleats on. My locker is still there, with my uniforms, glove, spare cleats and hats inside. Seeing that gave me more hope than anything Dean or anyone else could say to me. Now I just need to prove that their faith in me is warranted.
“We want you back, but you gotta show us one-hundred percent,” Coach tells me.
“I’m there.”
“Good. Warm up your arm, and we’ll get this underway.”
I nod and head to the batter’s box. My buddy, D.J., walks onto the mound while I’m swinging the wood. He’s the starting pitcher, and I feel a sense of pride at seeing him. They have enough faith in me to bring out the big gun. I’m not going to let them down.
An hour later, I’ve hit almost everything D.J.’s thrown at me, and hit them well. I even knocked a couple out of the park. “Let’s see if you can still throw,” Coach says.
Our catcher, Glen, comes out and we take our places. I catch and throw like I was never hurt, sending a silent thanks to Miles and Waverly for all their help. Coach calls us in and claps me on the back. “Welcome back, Joel. We’ve missed you.”
“Thank you. I won’t let you down.”
“You wanna go get a beer, man?” D.J. asks me. “We can invite the guys who are in town.”
“Yeah. That’d be great.”
We go to a local bar, and I’m surprised how many of the guys show up. The fans also surprise me, and I get a bunch of free drinks. I also get hit on by a bunch of women. I don’t kiss them or take any of them home, but the drunker I get, the more pictures I take with them. I’m back, and there’s nothing wrong with a little celebrating.
Chapter 12
Sierra

I came home on a high from my first mission, and then crashed when I saw the pictures of Joel all over the Internet. Apparently, he’s back on the team. He didn’t call me and tell me. Or even text me. I guess he’s been too busy partying with the bunnies these past few days. No! I need to stop thinking like that. I know that things can be taken out of context, and I also know he didn’t kiss anyone in those pictures, or put his hands anywhere he shouldn’t have. He did let them kiss him, and a few of them even had their hands on his ass, but he didn’t touch them. I have to keep reminding myself of that. It’s hard when he hasn’t reached out, and I don’t even know if he’s coming back, but I’m trying. I’m trying really hard. And sucking really hard at it.
The knock at my door surprises me, since I’ve been keeping to myself since I got back. The door opens to Reina, and all of the mentors, plus Alex, followed by all of the recruits. They’re all in pajamas, and they all have bags with them.
“Umm, hi.”
“Hi, Sierra. Remember I told you that your friends would be here when the guy you loved acted like an ass? Well, here we are. We have ice cream, cookies, chips, soda, vodka, whiskey, and chick flicks.”
“Is there any cake? I really want cake,” I tell them as I burst into tears.
“We’ve got cake, Mija,” Audrey tells me, pulling me into her arms. “All kinds of cake.”
Two hours later, most of us are in various stages of drunkeness when security calls me from downstairs. Tegan answers since she’s six months pregnant, and therefore not drinking. “Oh. Umm, I don’t know. Hold on.”
“What’s wrong?” I ask.
“Joel’s downstairs asking for permission to come up and see you.”
I grab the phone from her and practically yell into it. “Send the bastard up.”
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Tegan asks me.
“Nope, but I might as well get it over with.”
“We’re here for you,” Reina says, swaying as she gets to her feet. Audrey grabs her, and holds her steady with a smile. She only had one glass of wine since she’s breastfeeding.
There’s a hesitant knock on the door, and I put my hands on my hips as I shout out for him to come in. “Hi,” he says, and then he sees us. 20 women in various stages of drunkenness, surrounded by empty ice cream containers, chip bags, and bottles of liquor. “Wow. You having a rager, Si?”
“No. I was having a good cry with my friends.”
“How drunk are you?”
“Very.”
“I should come back.”
“No. You should say what you came here to say. Then you can go back to your bunnies.”
“Gatinha. No. There were no bunnies. Not like that. I should’ve called you.”
“Yes, you should’ve,” I tell him, starting to cry again. Dammit! I don’t want him to see me crying.
“Nothing happened with any of those women. I know the pictures look bad, but I swear to you that I didn’t cheat.”
“I wanted to believe that. I did believe it, but then you didn’t call, or even text. I had to hear that you’re back on the team from Google.”
“I told you. It wasn’t Google,” Ainsley yells out.
“I think we need to go now,” Audrey says.
“I don’t know if I can walk,” Kalila admits.
“I called for reinforcements,” Tegan tells us, opening the door.
Matt, Aiden, Nate, Isa’s husband Jake, and their friend Theo all walk in, shaking their heads. The guys head for the drunkest girls first. Matt lifts a sleeping Neveah gently into his arms, kissing Reina on his way by. “I’ll be back for you, Rei.”
“Okay.”
As drunk as I am, I still notice Kalila pull Theo in for a kiss. He pulls back, and lifts her up as she pouts. “You don’t want to kiss me?”
“You know I do, Kali, but I don’t want you to regret it in the morning.”
“Why do you have to be so honorable? It ruins everything.”
“I’m sorry, baby. So very sorry. Let me get you to bed so I can help your friends.”
“Will you come back and cuddle with me? I won’t be mad in the morning. Promise.”
“Okay. I’ll cuddle,” he says, carrying her out.
The other girls and I share looks, but no one seems to know what that was all about. “I can’t tell you, so don’t ask,” Reina tells us as she leans on Audrey.
“You know those of us who remember this tomorrow are definitely going to be asking just because you said that, right?” Jen says.
“I won’t tell.”
“No, she won’t. My wife’s a vault,” Matt tells us as he picks her up. “C’mon, Princess. Let’s get you to bed.”
“Mm, I want to go to bed with you. Being drunk makes me horny.”
“I know. I’ll take care of you.”
“TMI, Matthew,” Darcy tells him with a smile before walking out behind them.
Jade and Ellie wait for their guys to take the last of the other girls to their apartments, and then hug me on their way out. Audrey and Tegan ask me if I’m sure I’m okay, and I assure them that no matter how much of a bastard Joel is, he would never take advantage of me. They throw one more glare his way before leaving. Then it’s just us.
“Bastard, huh? I guess I deserve that.”
“You do.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Maybe you should just go,” I tell him, rubbing my head. “I drank too much whipped cream vodka, and ate too much chocolate cake. I’m going to throw up soon.”
“I’ll hold your hair.”
“What if I don’t want you to?”
“If you really want me to leave, I will.”
“I don’t know what I want,” I tell him honestly.
He starts to speak, but I hold up my hand and run for my bathroom. I make it there, and he’s right behind me as I sink to the floor. Holding my hair like he promised, and then holding me when I’m done. I can’t think about what I want right now. I just want to sleep, so I close my eyes, and that’s what I do. Sleep.

* * *

Joel

I screwed up big time. I could’ve called her. I should’ve texted her. I knew how bad those pictures looked when I saw them online. And yet, I gave her nothing. Treated her like she was nothing. I might still be doing it if I hadn’t gone to D.J.’s house for some beers, and found a sex party going on instead. A few bunnies had been “assigned” to me, and I barely made it out of there. My t-shirt wasn’t so lucky, being literally torn off my body by those women. It was then that I knew things had gone too far. I was in no danger of going too far where women were concerned, but I didn’t make that as clear as I thought I did. Talk about a wake-up call.
I didn’t sleep much last night, because I wanted to be there for Sierra when she needed me. She slept most of the night, only getting up twice to throw up again. I cleaned out her place, and tossed the trash down the chute at the end of the hall. Now I’m cooking her breakfast. I don’t know if she’ll be up soon, but I want to be ready. Bacon, eggs, and lots of water are on the menu.
“You’re here.”
I turn to see her rubbing her eyes, then her hand cross over her stomach. “Of course, I’m here. My girlfriend needs me.”
“Your girlfriend needed you yesterday, and the day before.”
“Sit down, and eat. We can talk after you get some food in you.”
“This doesn’t make up for it. Holding my hair, cleaning my apartment, and cooking me breakfast. It doesn’t mean anything. It doesn’t,” she tells me and my heart breaks as her tears fall.
I pull her into my arms, and kiss the top of her head. “I’m sorry.”
“Why do you have to be so romantic after being so mean?”
“I’m being romantic?”
“Yes, dammit. Taking care of me is more romantic than flowers or material things could ever be.”
I lift her up, and put her on one of the bar stools. “I love taking care of you,” I tell her has as I hand her a fork and nod towards her plate of food. “You should eat.”
“You hurt me. A lot.”
“The pictures. I know.”
“No. Those pictures didn’t hurt me. You hurt me. I believed that you were doing nothing wrong in those pictures until you didn’t call or text me, or even send me an owl.”
“An owl?”
“Never mind.”
“I got caught up in everything. The other players welcoming me back, the fans buying me drinks…it was like I was someone again.”
“You’ve always been someone to me. I thought you felt the same way.”
“I did. I do.”
She shakes her head. “No. If you did, you would’ve called me right away when the team took you back. Just like I called and left you a message telling you my training trip had gone well. You were the first person I wanted to tell, and so I did. I can come second to baseball, but I can’t come fifth. You once told me not to talk like a ball bunny, but yet you put them before me.”
She’s right. I did put them all before her. I’ll never do it again, though. “It won’t happen again. I swear it. You mean more to me than any other human on this planet, except my parents. I’ll never put anyone before you again. I swear it. Juro. In both languages, I promise you this.”
“I’m happy for you, you know.”
I nod. “Yes. I know you are.”
“I wanted to celebrate with you.”
“My parents are coming to town this weekend to celebrate. I was hoping you’d join us.”
“You want me to meet them?”
“Claro. Eu te amo, Sierra.”
“I love you too, Joel. I probably shouldn’t tell you that, but I do.”
“I have to leave in two weeks,” I blurt out.
“We can make this work, but you can’t go days without even texting me. Even just a stupid smiley face or something. I need something from you. Maybe that’s too clingy, but it’s how I feel.”
“It’s not clingy. You’re my girlfriend. You deserve more than just a smiley face. I’ll call as often as I can and text you when I can’t.”
“I can come visit you if I get two days off in a row. Wherever you are.”
“Yeah?”
She nods. “The tickets for your first Spring Training game are sold out, but Miles said he can get me a ticket.”
“I’ll get you a ticket, a jersey, a hat. Whatever you want.”
“All of the above, please.”
“I want to be there when you finish your training. Do they have a graduation or something?”
“I don’t know. Maybe.”
“You tell me, and I’ll be there. Do you need to study today? We can practice your Portuguese.”
“I passed that test.”
“You did? Really?”
“Yes.”
I pick her up and swing her around, stopping when she reminds me she’s still hung over. I sit back on the stool, but with her on my lap this time. I feed her breakfast while we talk to each other in a mix of English and Portuguese. I can’t believe I almost lost her. That’s not going to happen again.
Chapter 13
Sierra

“It’s good to see you smiling again,” Rhieve tells me as we grab a bite to eat in the cafeteria.
“It’s good to be smiling,” I admit.
It’s been three days since Joel showed up during our drunken slumber party, and things have been pretty close to perfect. He’s pretty much moved in again. I still want to see his place, but he tells me that since he didn’t unpack much when he moved in, mine is much more comfortable for us. I don’t really care where we are, as long as we’re together.
“Were you able to work something out with Reina?” Neveah asks me.
“Yeah. She said I can have two days off together every week, and she even offered me the Corrigan jets.”
“She’s definitely the best boss ever. I mean, I don’t know anyone else who would’ve gathered us all to bring you ice cream and vodka,” Matisse says.
“Thanks again for that, by the way.”
“Of course. You’ll be there for us when we need you,” Rose reminds me.
“I will. I think one of us needs me now. How about it, Kalila?”
“Nope. I’m good.”
“You kissed Theo and invited him to cuddle.”
“Not going to talk about it.”
“One day, though, right?” Harlow prods.
“Yes. One day I will tell you all the sad story of Theo and Kalila. Just not today.”
“We’re here when you’re ready,” Camari says, and we all nod.
“You have a guest, Sierra,” Neveah tells me, nodding behind me.
I start to turn when a baseball cap is slapped on my head, and a baseball jersey is draped over my shoulders. I just stare at Joel as he puts my arms through the sleeves and stands back to take me in.
“Cada dia que passa eu me apaixono mais por você.”
“Bloody hell. Did he just say what I think he did?” Jen asks.
“If you think he just told her that he loves her more every day, then yes,” Nev tells her with a smile.
“While his jersey and hat are on her. Well played, Mr. Cruz. Well played,” Rhieve tells him.
“You can stop swooning over my man. All of you,” I tell them with a laugh.
“Are you swooning, Gatinha?” he asks.
“Oh, yeah. Paixão da minha vida.”
“That’s hot. Like, I-could-go-for-a-girl hot. What did she say?” Rheive asks Nev.
“I said he’s the love of my life. And you need to get out more,” I answer.
“I know,” she says on a sigh.
“Thank you for the jersey and hat,” I say, turning back to Joel.
“Here’s your ticket, too,” he says, handing it to me.
“I can’t wait.”
“Me neither. Are you ready to meet my parents tonight?”
“You’re sure I’m not intruding?”
“Of course not, Kitten. They’re going to love you.”
“Should I change or is this okay? Without the jersey, of course.”
He spreads the jersey open and looks at my dress, which he saw when he zipped me up this morning, but he’s pretending to need a closer look at now. Not that I mind. It’s nothing fancy, but I like how it’s rucched, making me look a little curvier. The silver butterflies look pretty against the dark blue fabric, and the lighter blue on the inside of my upper arms adds a modern edginess to it. And yeah, Stella said some of that to me in class today, but I agree with her.
“You look perfect. For dinner with my parents, at least. When it’s just us, I prefer a lower neckline,” he tells me, fingering my dress where it lands above my collarbone, “and a higher skirt.”
He pulls my dress up a little on the bottom, but I slap his hand. “Pare! I’m at work.”
“Fine. I’ll stop,” He says pulling me into his arms. “For now. You’re going to meet us at the restaurant.”
“Yes. I’ll see you there.”
“I can’t wait. My three favorite people will all be in one room.”
He kisses me hard and then bows dramatically to my friends before sauntering out. I can’t help but shake my head. He’s definitely a cocky asshole sometimes, but he’s mine, and honestly, I wouldn’t have him any other way.
The afternoon is uneventful, and before I know it, it’s time for me to touch up my hair and make-up and head to the restaurant. I’m meeting them at one of the Brazilian steakhouses here in town. Joel’s been wanting to take me anyway, and his parents love the place, so it works out for everyone.
I see him immediately when I walk in. He’s facing the door, and when our eyes meet, his smile widens. I walk quickly over to him, barely glancing at the wooden high back chairs that must be holding his parents. When I get close enough, he stands to introduce me.
“Mom, Dad, this is my girlfriend, Sierra. Sierra, this is my mom and dad.”
I smile until his father stands and his mother turns. No. This isn’t happening. Oh my God, no. “Sierra?” his mother asks, a look of shock passing over her face before anger sets in.
“Hello, Raquel. João. It’s nice to see you again.”
“You’ve met?” Joel asks, looking back and forth.
“Your girlfriend is apparently Marcus’ girlfriend as well,” Raquel tells him.
“What? What are you talking about? Is this some kind of joke?”
“I wish it was, but we saw her with him. She was his date. She kissed his cheek and held his hand in front of us. They danced and left together. There were pictures of him leaving her room hours later,” João tells him.
“No. They’re wrong. Tell me they’re wrong.”
I can’t. “They’re not wrong. I was there as Marcus’ date. I didn’t know they were your parents.”
“And that makes it better? Marcus is one of my best friends. All the Portuguese lessons weren’t for work, were they? You wanted to show off at the ball. For Marcus.”
“No. That’s not true.”
“You told me your boyfriend taught you our language and made it seem like it was Marcus. You took advantage of both my son and a man I think of like a second son,” Raquel says.
“I didn’t. It’s not what it seems.”
“Then what is it? Explain it to me. Please explain it,” Joel implores me.
“I can’t. I’m sorry. I can’t explain.”
“I never want to see you again.”
“Please. I need you to just trust me.”
“I don’t. You should leave.”
I don’t remember walking out of the restaurant, getting in my car, or driving home. All I remember is falling asleep in a baseball jersey and praying for this all to be a bad dream.

* * *

Joel

I’ve thrown myself into baseball this last month. I left for Arizona the morning after I sent Sierra away and I haven’t seen or talked to her since. I’ve practiced all day, every day, and partied almost every night. I haven’t slept with another woman, but I have taken lots of pictures that make it look like I have. I’ve even kissed a few women for the cameras. It worked, because the texts and calls from Sierra stopped after the first ones hit the internet. I needed them to stop, because in the darkest hours of the night, while I lie in bed jerking myself off, I almost called her, and I can’t do that. I can’t ever be with her again. She crossed a line when she fucked Marcus, and it’s one I can’t forgive.
I’ve ignored Marcus’ calls, too. His texts say we need to talk, but I can’t right now. The thought of him with his hands on her, and his body moving inside of her…it makes me see red. I don’t want to kill my friend, so it’s best that we don’t talk right now, because if he gave me any details, I’d be on the next plane to Sao Paolo.
I push all of that out of my head as I dress for the game. My first game back. Management made me wait and practice the first few weeks to make sure I was really ready. I’m still excited, even though I know Sierra won’t be here. This is what I’ve worked for, what I’ve dreamed of getting back to. Today is for me, and I’m going to make the most of it.
I only glance in the stands a couple of times during warm up. Okay, it’s a couple of times every minute, but I have to know. She’s not here, and I can’t lie to myself—it hurts. Even though I try and convince myself that I don’t want her here, I’m hurting. I give myself a mental shake. I have a game to play, and I need to keep my head in this game.
I make it through the National Anthem with misty eyes, but I don’t let any tears fall. I’d never hear the end of it if I did. I take one last glance in the stands, and the seat is still empty. I shake off my disappointment, and channel my anger into my bat. It works pretty well, getting me a few RBIs.
We’re behind by one with two on base as I step up to the plate. I give it all I’ve got, and knock it over the fence, winning the game for us. The guys all sprint out of the dugout, hugging me and slapping my ass. I throw my head back to laugh, and that’s when I see it. Her. Sierra is in her seat. Well, actually she’s out of it, jumping up and down as tears stream down her face. She’s wearing the jersey and hat I gave her, and she’s never looked more beautiful.
“I love you,” she mouths to me.
I look away. I have to. She shouldn’t be here. A part of me wanted her here, but it’s too much. Seeing her here is too much. I want to punch something. Or someone. I have post-game interviews to do, so that’s not an option. I take some deep breaths, and paste a smile on my face as I head for the first reporter.
It’s over an hour later before I can finally leave the stadium. I’m not surprised to see the usual group of women waiting for me when I leave. I am surprised to see Sierra leaning against the wall. Or maybe I’m not. She pushes off the wall and starts walking towards me. I can’t let this happen. My emotions are too raw right now.
I grab the closest busty blonde and pull her to me. “Nice rack, babe.”
“Thanks. You can have a closer look if you want, Joel.”
“Oh, I want. I’m definitely a boob man. Nothing’s better than having them spill out of my hands.”
“Joel,” Sierra says softly. “Don’t do this. Talk to me.”
I reach out and grab the bunny’s tits. “I’ve got my hands full right now. No time to talk.”
She pulls the hat off her head and throws it on the ground, and then does the same to the jersey. She stands there for a minute in her blue bra and jean shorts, just staring at me.
“Oh honey, I know a doctor who could help you with those. Maybe Joel will talk to you then,” the blonde bunny says.
“Thanks, but the man I love told me my body’s perfect. I’m going to choose to believe that.”
She turns and walks away with her head held high. I wait until she gets in her car and pulls away. Only then do I let go of the girl and bend down to pick up the hat and jersey.
“You ready to go, Joel?”
“Not today,” I tell her, walking away while she sputters behind me.
Not ever, actually. What I did right now was low, even for me. She came here. No matter what’s happened between us, she came to this game. She was jumping up and down for me, crying tears of joy for me, and she even waited to talk to me. I just stomped all over her, and while she may deserve it, I could’ve thanked her for coming. Or maybe even listened to her. It’s too late for that now. I’m pretty sure that ship has not only sailed, but it sank to the bottom of the ocean, never to be seen again.
Chapter 14
Sierra

“Sierra, can you stay for a minute?” Reina asks me once class is over.
“Sure, what’s up?”
“I know you went to Joel’s game a couple of days ago. I’m guessing it didn’t go well.”
“That’s the understatement of the year.”
“I wish I could let you tell him, but that wouldn’t be fair to everyone else.”
“I know.”
“I’m flying to Sao Paolo today.”
“Marcus?” I ask, knowing that Ainsley’s still been monitoring things with him, even though nothing happened at the ball.
“Yes. There have been more threats, and his investors are all gathering for a meeting. We’re afraid whoever is after him will try something with them all there.”
“Joel’s an investor.”
“He is. He’ll be there. He’s going to think I’m another investor. Just like everyone else.”
“You’re not going in alone, are you?”
“No. Faith will be in the kitchen.”
“Be careful, Rei. I hope it’s another idle threat.”
“As do I. We’ll be fine either way. I just wanted you to know.”
“Thanks. And thanks again for having faith in me.”
“I do. We’ll talk more when I get back.”
“Yes.”
I walk out of the room and spin in a slow circle, trying to figure out where I want to go for my free hour. I can get a snack, or study, or I could go downstairs and play with some knives. Yeah, that’s what I want to do. Maybe I’ll even put a picture of Joel over the bullseye.
I’m not surprised to find Nev already in the room when I get there. She won’t touch a gun, but she loves throwing knives. She’s great at it, too. She hits the bullseye almost every time. I’m pretty sure she’ll do the same with the guns once we get her to that point. We have to get her there. She can’t be in the Society without knowing her way around a gun. It’s just not an option.
I wait until she’s done throwing her set before I approach her. “You’re a boss with those knives.”
“Oh, hey, Si. Thanks. I didn’t think anyone else would want to be in here right now.”
“Am I going to mess you up or distract you if I play, too?”
“I’m not ‘playing.’ I’m trying to excel at this so they don’t kick me out for not being able to do the other thing,” she tells me, dropping to the floor to sit with her arms around her knees.
“The guns?” I ask, sitting down next to her.
“Yeah, the damn guns.”
“Can I help somehow?”
“Do you have a time machine that can take me back and warn my dad not to enter the street where a gunfight is going on?”
“No. Oh, honey, I had no idea. This was back home? In your country?”
“This is my home now, but yes.”
“You know it was the person behind the gun that killed him and not the gun, right?”
She shakes her head. “It was an accident. He was at the wrong place at the wrong time. I don’t blame the person who shot him. He didn’t mean to.”
“That’s big of you.”
“Trust me, he’s blamed himself more than my family ever could for all of these years.”
“You know him?”
“Yes. He came to us after it happened and he’s become a good friend to my family.”
“Wow.”
“He’s a good man,” she assures me again. “None of us know why my father walked into a middle of a gunfight, and we never will. Every other civilian ran, but he walked straight into the fight. A young soldier shouldn’t be punished because a stray bullet ended his life.”
“A soldier? Oh my God, was it Matt?”
She looks around, and then nods. “Like I said, he’s a good man.”
“He is. I don’t know many men who are better than Matt Corrigan.”
“Me neither.”
“That’s how you got in, despite the guns.”
“I earned my place,” she says defensively.
“Of course you did. I didn’t mean to suggest that you didn’t. I swear, Nev.”
“It’s okay. I’m a little sensitive sometimes about it, because I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for him. Matt’s been training me for years. Making sure I knew languages and technology. Sparring with me since I was twelve. I never knew what it was all for, until I met Reina and the other women. Then I knew the stories he told me were real. He recommended me, but I’m told that Faith didn’t hesitate to mentor me. She thinks her sense of justice will stir me to pick up a gun. It hasn’t worked yet.”
“We’ve only been here for a couple of months. You have time. I’ll do anything I can to help you. The other girls will, too.”
“I need to tell them. I know they’re curious.”
“I’ll keep your secret until you’re ready, but you shouldn’t worry about telling them. Now that Greta’s gone, no one will give you any shit about it.”
“I know. I’ll tell them soon.”
She stands up and reaches her hand down to help me up. “Let’s throw some knives.”
We throw for the next half hour, and I’m happy to say I can hold my own with her. I don’t hit quite as many bullseyes, but I hit a lot. We grab a smoothie in the cafeteria, and then it’s time for Science class with Audrey. Just another day in the life of a wannabe spy girl.

* * *

Joel

“Reina, it’s so good to see you again,” Marcus says a little too loudly as she walks in the room. What the fuck is she doing here?
“Hello, Marcus.”
“Do you know the Cruz family?”
“We’ve met, yes. Hello.” I don’t miss the ice in her gaze when she makes eye contact with me.
“I didn’t know you were an investor, Reina,” my mother tells her.
“Matt believes in Marcus. He wanted to be here himself, but he’s in the middle of an important deal.”
“You’re more than capable, Reina,” my friend tells her. We haven’t talked in weeks, but he’s still my friend.
“I know,” she tells him with a smile.
“Who’s running the Foundation while you’re gone, Reina? We wouldn’t want all your girls to be running amok.” I know I’m being an ass, but I can’t stop myself.
“If you want to ask me about Sierra, just do it. I don’t play games.”
I should’ve known she’d call me on my bullshit. My mother’s the one who answers for me. “Why would he want to know about her? She’s a gold digger, and I’m surprised you don’t vet your workers better.”
Marcus starts to say something, but Reina shakes her head at him. “Sierra is one of the best people I know. Please do not make assumptions about her when you don’t really know her.”
“I know she was here with Marcus, hanging on him and telling everyone she was his girlfriend. And then she was with my son, saying the same thing. What would you have me believe? I thought I had seen everything from working in the political world for so long, but I never saw that coming.”
“All those years in politics should’ve taught you that things are not always as they seem. What should be important to you—and your son—is that Sierra loves him.”
“She wouldn’t have walked out of that restaurant without any explanation if she loved him.”
“She wouldn’t have gone to his game the other day if she didn’t.”
“She wasn’t at the game.”
“She was,” I say, finally speaking up.
“You didn’t bring her to dinner,” my father reminds me.
“No.”
“But you did something to her. She was a mess when she came back.”
“I’m not going to talk about this with anyone in this room. I missed a game to come here and vote tomorrow. I thought tonight was about having dinner with a friend. I don’t really care that you ambushed me with Reina, but I’m not going to discuss the woman we shared.”
Marcus winces, and Reina looks like she wants to kill me, but she remains silent while he answers me. “As you wish, my friend. We will not speak of Sierra. I’m just happy to see you. It has been too long.”
“It has. I shouldn’t have ignored your calls. No woman should come between us.” No matter how spectacular she is.
We sit for dinner, and everyone manages to remain civilized. My parents talk to Reina about the Foundation and the upcoming balls and parties in D.C. while Marcus and I catch up. We all pretend that it’s just a normal dinner between friends, but we all know it’s not. Not just because of Sierra, but also because of the vote tomorrow. The board still doesn’t trust Marcus, and so they’ve called us all here to choose sides. My vote is solidly with Marcus, and he tells me he’s confident that the vote will go his way, but we both know there are too many things that could go wrong.
“What happens if the vote goes the other way, and the board members who aren’t backing you win?”
“I step down, and one of the senior vice presidents will step in as CEO.”
“You’ll still keep your shares, and control of the board though, right?”
“Claro.”
“How did this even happen, this vote? If you have controlling shares, you should’ve been able to stop it.”
“I could have, but it would’ve only caused more animosity towards me. I know I am doing a good job, so I thought this would be a good thing.”
“Showing no fear,” I say, nodding. It is important for him to show confidence. In fact, it may be the most important thing he can do. “You know you have my support.”
“Thanks. When you stopped taking my calls, I got a little worried.”
“That was about Sierra, not your business prowess.”
“I had no idea she was the perfect girlfriend you told me about. But I gotta say, she’s pretty damn perfect. You sure you want to give that up?”
“Are you?” I ask, even though I don’t want to know the answer.
“If I thought I even had a horse in the race, I’d fight to the death for her. She doesn’t want me, though. It’s all you.”
“Yet she was dating you.”
He mashes his lips together and looks like he’s fighting with himself about what he wants to say. Reina swoops in before he can decide. “Are you enjoying the dinner, Marcus?”
“Yes. Thank you for bringing your chef with you to cook for us tonight.”
“Some people bring wine. I prefer to go big.”
“Too bad for her,” a man I recognize as one of Marcus’ vice presidents says, coming into the dining room with a gun pointed at Faith’s head. She cuts her eyes to Reina, and they share a look.
“Antonio, what are you doing?” Marcus asks, rising from his chair.
“You have the vote, but the CEO job should be mine. You are just a boy. The job was handed to you because of your last name, but I earned it.”
“Let these people go,” Marcus says, gesturing to me and my parents. “Then we can talk, and work this out.”
“No. Having these powerful people here with us will convince the others to vote correctly.”
“Others?”
“You do not think I would come alone, do you? We will all stay here until the vote is over. This pretty lady can make us all some good food, and Mrs. Corrigan can have her husband wire some money into my bank account. Once you don’t show up, and the right people have been contacted, I can take over as CEO, and be even richer than you are.”
“My husband isn’t going to give you any money,” Reina tells him.
“Does he not love you? Or maybe he doesn’t mind that we give you back a little roughed up, and used.”
“I will be killing you before this is all over. Make no mistake of that, Antonio. Put your hands on me, and I’ll make it even more painful.”
He throws his head back and laughs. “This is going to be even more fun than I planned.”
Chapter 15
Sierra

My arm vibrates with two different vibrations, and when Audrey runs from the room, I run after her. She doesn’t stop me when I dive into the elevator, but she doesn’t look happy either. I follow her out into Ainsley’s lair where the other mentors who are here have already gathered.
“Sierra, you need to go back to class and wait for Audrey,” Stella tells me.
“Something’s wrong. Is it Reina and Faith?”
“Go back to class,” Audrey says.
“If it’s Reina and Faith, then it’s also Joel. I need to know.”
“They’re being held hostage,” Ainsley tells me, earning a sharp look from Tegan.
“I’m going with you to get them.”
“You are not,” Stella says.
“If it was Kace, would you let someone stop you?”
“She can get in,” Darcy says. “She was there as Marcus’ girlfriend. She could be there for a visit, and they’d probably let her in.”
“So they could try and rape her,” Ellie says.
“We’ll be there with her,” Jade says, squeezing her friend’s hand.
“There isn’t time to argue about this. We need to get to the airport. Reina’s going to rip me a new one for this, but I’m going to let you go. Just don’t get yourself killed.”
“Thanks, Stella.”
Darcy, Ellie, Jade, and I take the elevator to the roof where a large helicopter is waiting to take us to the airport. We’re in the air right away, heading for Sao Paolo. Ainsley briefs us on what they know, which isn’t much right now. Just that Faith, Reina, Marcus, and the Cruz family are all being held in the dining room at Marcus’ house. One of the men who wanted Marcus’ job is holding them at gunpoint, and has said that there are more men. Satellite images have shown several people on the property, but right now we don’t know if they are staff, bad guys, or both.
“Take off your shirt,” Ellie tells me when we’re getting ready to land.
“Excuse me?”
“They’ll be more likely to let you in if you just have your bustier and jeans on.”
“Oh, yeah. Of course.” I’m wearing the sheer shirt and velvet bra combo I had the first time Joel kissed me. I take off the shirt and stand still while Ellie slips a flat knife under my left boob.
“If they wand you, they’ll think it’s part of the underwire. We’ll be outside. We won’t let them hurt you. I promise.”
“I know. I trust all of you.”
“I know Joel is in there, but you need to be smart. Don’t sacrifice yourself for him, because if you do, who will protect him?” Darcy asks me.
“I’m going to fight, but I’ll fight smart.”
“Good girl,” Jade says.
We buckle in for landing and rush out the door as soon as we’re given the okay. An SUV is waiting for them, and a town car is waiting for me. I climb into the back and try to calm my breathing. I can do this. I have to do this. Not just for Joel, but for the women who let me come here, and also for Reina, who is probably going to kick me out of the Society after this. If I can help save everyone, it will be worth it. Giving up my dream will be worth it. Maybe if I keep telling myself that, I’ll actually believe it.
The gates open for my car once they see who I am. Two men are waiting to meet us outside of the house, and I relay that information through my comm. Inside, there are four more men with guns. Several members of the staff are on their stomachs on the floor. The women are crying, which makes me even angrier.
“You picked a bad time to come and visit your boyfriend,” one of the men tells me.
“I think I picked exactly the right time. Four times the fun, right?” I ask, touching my comm discreetly as I say it.
“You like it rough, don’t you?”
“Is there anything better?”
Before he can answer, the other women burst through the front door and we start to fight. They’re having no problem with the guys they take on, but I struggle a little with mine. I think I’ve got him, but he surprises with an uppercut that sends me crashing through the dining room doors.

* * *

Joel

“What’s going on?” Antonio yells into his phone as we hear loud crashes coming from outside the door.
Reina, who was about to call Matt with Antonio’s demands, looks like she wants to murder someone, and I don’t think it’s him at the moment. Something else is going on. I don’t know what, but it sounds like the cavalry has arrived. I don’t know why that makes her mad, but then, in a matter of seconds, I do.
The doors crash open and Sierra flies onto the dining room table, knocking plates everywhere. She flips to her feet and throws a knife straight through the heart of the man who followed her in. Reina stabs Antonio in the throat with a fork before he can react, and everything goes quiet. Jade and Darcy walk into the room nodding.
“We’re clear. They’re all taken care of. Ellie has the staff outside, waiting for the police to arrive,” Darcy says.
“What is she doing here?” Reina asks, glaring at them all, but focusing on Sierra.
“I’m finishing what I started when I came to the ball with Marcus,” Sierra says, weakly.
“No. You came here for Joel,” Reina tells her. Before turning to the other women. “She shouldn’t be here and you know it.”
“What the hell is going on?” I finally manage to ask.
“They are the Society. You are, aren’t you?” my mother asks, her eyes wide and her voice reverent. “There really is a secret society of women fighting against evil.”
Reina closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before answering. “This cannot leave the room, but yes, we’re the Society. At least some of us are. I need you to swear to keep this secret.”
“Will you wipe our minds if we don’t?” my father asks with a laugh.
“Yes,” Reina says, and we can tell she’s serious.
“Sierra? You’re a spy?” I ask.
“I’m in training.”
“We will discuss that once we’re back home.”
“Please, Reina. I had to help.”
“No. What you had to do is let people who know what they’re doing handle this.”
“I got us in here.”
“You think any one of the women you came here with couldn’t have gotten in?”
“No. Yes. I mean, of course they could.”
“What is it with you, Joel? Do you have a magic dick or something? Two of my recruits have jeopardized their dreams for you.”
“Greta never saw my dick.”
“Well, whatever mojo you have, keep it away from my eight recruits.”
“Eight?”
“As I said, we’ll discuss this when we’re alone. I trust you can get yourself home without a problem.”
“We came on the jet.”
“Yes, but you will not be returning that way. If one of us went rogue on a mission, we would lose our connection to the Society resources. You chose the path that led you here, and you must face the consequences. Starting now.”
“You can use my company jet,” Marcus tells her as I clench my teeth. “I mean, it’s the least I can do. I know you came here for Joel, but I still appreciate what you’ve done for me. Pretending to be my girlfriend last month and storming my castle today.”
“Pretending? You mean that was part of this—this Society thing?”
She turns on me, pinning me with the iciest stare I’ve ever received. “Yes, Joel. It was fake. I came here, put on a pretty dress, and tested out the Portuguese you’d taught me. And every second, I thought of you and how I wished you were the one I was here with.”
“She talked about you the whole time. I mean, she didn’t say it was you, but she told me she had a boyfriend and threatened to cut my balls off more than once,” Marcus adds.
“I didn’t know.”
But I knew. I knew something wasn’t right. I wouldn’t admit it myself, but deep down in my shattered heart, I knew she didn’t cheat on me. I just wasn’t man enough to believe it.
“I couldn’t tell you.”
“It’s all good. Now he knows, and you can be together again,” Marcus says.
She shakes her head. “It would never work. He’s a boob man, and I’m afraid I’m just too lacking in that department to keep him satisfied.”
“You know I only said that to hurt you.”
Two knives whiz past my face, one on each side, taking a few whiskers with them before they hit the wall. Reina looks at Faith first, then Jade.
“My hand slipped,” Faith tells her.
“Mine, too,” Jade says.
“I would’ve aimed lower,” Darcy adds with a shrug. “Just saying.”
“Enough!” Reina roars out the word and looks at Sierra. “This is what you gave up your dream for? Him?”
“Yes, and I’d do it all over again.”
I watch her walk out of the room, and now I know I was wrong. My heart wasn’t broken when I thought she was with Marcus, because I never really thought it was true. But now? Now it’s shattered into so many pieces that I don’t think I could find them all, even if I did want to put them back together one day. I’m ruined and wrecked, and I have no one to blame for it but myself.

* * *

Sierra

I grab my purse from where I dropped it on the floor in the living room. The police are already outside, and I’m forced to take some time and give a statement. They’re satisfied with my insistence that I just came here to visit Marcus and happened upon a hostage situation. I tell them I had to fight for my dignity. They offer me medical attention for the bruises and small cuts that are visible all over my body. I decline, because it’s the bruises they can’t see that hurt me most. Those can’t be fixed with a bandage.
Even though I refused medical attention, I accept a ride to the airport. Reina told me to fend for myself, and that’s exactly what I’m doing. I have my passport, my wallet, and my phone, which means I’m not really struggling. There’s no direct flight to Vegas, but after what I’ve been through, a First World problem is the least of my worries, so I take the first flight out.
I’m too wound up to sleep on the flight to Miami, so I try to strategize. Reina’s pissed, and I know I’m in trouble. There has to be consequences for me, but I need to try and make sure they lean more towards probation than dismissal. I didn’t lie when I said I’d risk it all for Joel again, because I would. I love the Society, but I love him more. Even after everything, I love him. There’s no hope for us, but I had to do what I did. I won’t regret going into that house to save him, but I’ll also do almost anything I can to prove that I want to be part of the Society.
My shot at standby for an earlier flight doesn’t work out, so I have twelve hours in Miami. I want to go to the beach, but the adrenaline that kept me going on the plane is gone, and I’m just so damn tired. Tired of being heartbroken, tired of having to prove myself, and really, just plain tired. I check into the closest airport hotel, and sleep for a solid eight hours.
Once I’m back at the airport, I decide that it’s time to be brave and turn my phone back on. Most of the missed calls and messages are from Zack, but there are plenty from all of the mentors and recruits as well. Two messages stand out, and those are the ones that make my eyes fill with tears.
Joel: I love you, Sierra. I am so sorry for everything I said and did. I’m so sorry for ever doubting you. Please call me.
Reina: Do not go to your apartment when you get back to Las Vegas. I do not want you on any Corrigan property except for when you come to my office at 9 am tomorrow morning.
I don’t respond to either message. I don’t know what to say to Joel, and there’s nothing I can say to Reina before I see her tomorrow. Despite the hours of sleep I just had, I suddenly feel drained once again. I don’t have the weight of the world on my shoulders, but I do have the weight of my choices there, and they may just crush me before everything is said and done.
Chapter 16
Joel

“Were you really held hostage?” Glen asks me after practice the next day.
I probably shouldn’t be here. I’m not fit for human company, much less a ball game, but sitting in my apartment would drive me crazy.
“Yeah.”
It’s been all over the news, so there’s no point in lying. I’m not giving any details, but I can at least admit to my friends.
“That’s some crazy shit right there,” D.J. tells me.
“And what I walked into at your house wasn’t?”
“Speaking of that, why didn’t you stay? I had some girls for you.”
“When, since I’ve been back, have I given you the idea that I want even one bunny?”
“You kissed a few, and I heard you grabbed some chick’s tits after your first game.”
“If you heard that, you should’ve also heard that it didn’t go any further than that.”
“Why even go there if you weren’t going to follow through?”
“Because I’m a bastard.”
“She was disappointed that you didn’t take her home, but she still loved it. She came by to play later and told me.”
“I didn’t do it for her. She was just convenient. Nice to know she ran to you when I turned her down.” Yet another reason to stay away from those girls. I’m all for women having as much sex as they want, with whoever they want, but I was never comfortable being just a stop on the train, even when I was sleeping around.
“Your loss.”
“If you say so.”
“I do,” he tells me, walking out of the locker room.
“I’m with you on this. It gets old quick,” Glen says.
“How long have you and Sandy been together now?” I ask.
“Almost five years.”
“It can’t be easy for her. She has a job back home, right?”
“It’s not, and yes, she has a great job she loves. It sucks when we’re not together, but it’s amazing when we see each other again.”
“That’s how I think it’ll be with my girl. I mean, if I had a girl.”
“You so have a girl. Spill. No wait,” he says, looking around. “Let’s get out of here, and then you can spill.”
“I actually do need to talk it out, so if you really don’t mind, getting out of here sounds great.”
“Your place or mine?”
“Whoa, are you two together? I mean, I thought you liked chicks,” one of the rookies tells us, walking up just in time to hear the end of our conversation.”
“We’re all about the pussy, man, but there’s not much better than a good bromance,” Glen says with a smirk.
“Let’s go to my place,” I tell Glen. “I think I’ve got a bigger…T.V.”
“I’ll see you guys later,” the rookie says, practically running from the room.
We’re still laughing when we walk out to our cars. Reality sets in as I drive to my apartment. I want Sierra back. I need Sierra back. She hasn’t responded to the text I sent her, and I know proving my love to her isn’t going to be easy. I screwed up, and now it’s time to go big. She deserves nothing less.
I pull some sandwich stuff and pasta salad from the fridge so we can eat while we talk. Once we’re settled with food and water, he dives right in. “Spill it. Who’s the mystery woman?”
“Do you know Zack Taylor?”
“Not personally, but I’ve seen him around. Hold on. Are you banging his wife?”
I put down my sandwich and level him with a glare. “I would hope you’d know me better than that. Ainsley’s cool, but I don’t sleep with married women.”
“So why bring him up?”
“I was dating his sister, Sierra.”
“Sister?” he asks and pulls out his phone. “Oh, damn. She’s hot. Like smoking hot.”
“You have a girlfriend,” I remind him.
“Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate a good looking woman. Getting back to the problem at hand, what’d you do to fuck it up?”
“I don’t even know where to begin,” I tell him honestly. I know I can’t tell him anything about the Society, but there’s so much more, and while most of it is really good, the bad was like a nuclear meltdown.
“The beginning is usually a good place. How’d you hook up with her?”
“The actual beginning was at Zack’s wedding. I asked her to dance, and she said no.”
“Smart girl.”
“I thought you were here to help.”
“I am, but helping means being honest. Carry on.”
“You know I’ve been rehabbing in Vegas.” He nods. “Zack invited me to a celebration party he was throwing for Sierra. She got a new job, and it was a pretty big deal to her. I had nothing else to do that night, and honestly, I wanted to see her again.
“My mom called while I was there, so I went outside to take the call. I ended it by speaking in Portuguese, which Sierra overheard. Turns out she needed to learn the language, and being the bastard I am, I told her I’d need some ‘things’ in return.”
“Jesus, man. No wonder she dumped your ass.”
“Calm your ass down. The deal fell apart almost immediately because I fell for her that fast.”
“But then you still screwed up.”
“We both screwed up, but yeah, it was mostly me.”
I explain the Marcus situation as her doing a favor for her boss, who’s an investor in his company. Since we’re in the public eye, it’s easy enough for me to convince him she was doing it to help his image.
“I’d probably have been shocked to hear she was at a party with someone else, but if she was with you almost every night until then, and she told you it was a work trip, you should’ve known she wasn’t cheating. You should’ve talked it out.”
“I know. Believe me, I know.”
It’s harder to admit what I did when she came to the game. He already heard about me grabbing the bunny’s boobs from D.J., but he didn’t have the context until now. He visibly cringes when I explain it to him.
“Dude. That…I don’t even know what to say about that.”
“I’ve told myself everything you can possibly think of and called myself all the names already, too.”
“And that was the last time you saw her? After the game?”
“No. I saw her yesterday in Sao Paolo. That’s how I found out about the publicity thing.”
“She was there? Pretending to be his girlfriend again?”
“Yeah.”
“It was too crazy to talk to her, huh?”
“We could’ve talked, but she made it clear that she was done with me.”
“Really? Or is that just what you want to think so you don’t have to face the hard stuff?”
“No, really,” I admit. “She brought up the boob thing and walked out.”
“You totally deserved that.”
“Your brutal honesty is really warming my heart.”
“I already told you I needed to be honest in order to help you.”
“What have you got in mind?”
“Nothing yet, but we’re two smart guys. We can do this. You can do this. You’ll probably have to embarrass yourself, and the guys are going to give you shit if any of it’s romantic. You okay with that?”
“Yeah,” I answer with no hesitation. “I’ll pretty much do anything to get her back”
“Grab some paper, and let’s get to work.”

* * *

Sierra

I stayed in my old apartment last night. Zack insisted on buying it for me after he met Ainsley, and although I went back to Seattle for the year I was waiting for my training to begin, I kept it. Stella’s taught us that clothing can sometimes be the best armor we have, and I take that to heart as I get ready for my meeting. I put on skintight black leather pants with some cool zippers on the pockets, along with a slouchy black sweater and chunky, peep-toe ankle boots. I pull my hair back into a sleek ponytail and prepare for the biggest battle of my life.
Alex gives me a sympathetic look when I enter the Foundation lobby and tells me to go on back to Reina’s office. The doors open as I approach and I’m surprised to see all of the mentors inside, as well as Matt. I keep my shoulders squared and my walk steady, even though I’m scared out of my mind.
“Sit down, Sierra,” Reina tells me.
I do as I’m told and wait for the proverbial ax to fall. The tension in the room is palpable, so I’m fairly certain that I’ll be walking out of here for good once this meeting is over. I clench my jaw and will away the tears that are already forming in my eyes.
“To say that I’m disappointed in you is an understatement. You have wanted this since the day you found out about us, and yet you just threw it all away. For a man you’re not even in a relationship with. I don’t understand what was going through your head that would make you think this was the right thing to do.”
“Just because I’m not with Joel doesn’t mean I don’t love him. I had to do everything I could to save him. Wouldn’t you do the same for Matt? Didn’t he do the same for you?”
“Matt was Special Forces in the military, not a trainee. He knew what he was doing. Just as I would if I had to save him. We’re trained, Sierra. You aren’t.”
“I did okay.”
“Better than okay,” Faith chimes in.
“Really, Faith? She was tossed into the dining room. She couldn’t hold her own in that fight.”
“She killed him, Reina. I’d say that means she was ready. I’ve been outmatched, even with training. All of us have. She may have gone in there for Joel, but she did a kick-ass job of helping everyone.”
“This is one of the biggest problems I have with that you’ve done. These women in this room think you did the right thing, but you didn’t. This isn’t college where if you screw something up, you fail a class. We deal with life and death. If you mess up, someone dies. Thankfully, that didn’t happen this time, but it could’ve. We have rules for a reason, and if I let you break them while getting pats on the back, what does that say to the other eight women who are training with you? The ones who follow the rules, while you get away with breaking them.”
“You broke the rules,” I say quietly. “Darcy stayed with me when all of you went against Jane Corrigan.”
“Yes, and I appreciate everything you did to help us, but again, we are trained, Sierra. We knew what to do on our own. You don’t. I can’t let you set a precedent with everyone else. There have to be consequences for what you’ve done so that no one else thinks they can just jump into a mission because they feel like it.”
“That’s not what I did.”
“It’s exactly what you did.”
“We gave her permission to go,” Stella says. “It’s not all on her.”
“You’re right. It’s not. I don’t know what to do with the rest of you. I need you here training the other recruits, so I can’t suspend you, and none of you would care if I docked your pay.”
“Are you putting me on probation?” I ask, hopefully.
“No. I honestly don’t know what I’m going to do with you, yet. I hate to make rash decisions without getting all of my facts together. Until I decide, you’re suspended. You can get whatever you need from your Corrigan apartment, but you cannot live there and you cannot enter this building.”
“I’m sorry,” I tell her.
“That doesn’t mean anything when I know you’d do the same thing again. You would, wouldn’t you?”
“Yes.”
She nods. “Alex sent me a message that your friends are waiting for you in the lobby. You may tell them anything you want about what’s going on. I don’t believe in keeping secrets. I’ll call you back in when I make my decision.”
That’s my cue to leave, and I stand, planning to do just that. Darcy grabs me before I can go, pulling me into a tight hug. The others hug me as well. All except for Reina. She has tears in her eyes, but she doesn’t offer me any comfort. I know she can’t, but it still hurts a little. Matt puts his arm around her and gives me a sad smile as I turn and walk out the door.
Chapter 17
Sierra

“Hey there superspy,” Matisse says as I walk out into the lobby.
“Don’t call me that,” I say, looking nervously over at Alex.
“It’s fine. No one’s here but us. Alex locked the doors,” Rose tells me.
“So how was it?” Rhieve asks. “Were you scared?”
“Listen, guys. I love you, but I really need you to pretend like this didn’t happen.”
“Why would we do that? You rocked a mission and you’re not even out of training yet,” Harlow says.
“What I did is probably going to put an end to my training.”
“She wouldn’t do that!” Camari tells me. “Reina’s really fair.”
“It’s because she’s fair that she’s thinking of kicking me out. I broke the rules and set a bad precedent for all of you.”
“I’m not going to go out and try to do a mission just because you did,” Kalila tells me.
“Me neither,” Nev says. “I understand why you did it, and yeah, you should probably be on probation or something, but I wouldn’t do it.”
“Reina isn’t so sure about that. She’s not sure what she’s going to do to me. I have to move out until she decides. I can’t come here, either.”
“That’s bollocks. I mean, bullshit. Bloody hell, I’ll never be an American,” Jen tells me as we all laugh. “You all know what I mean, though. You belong here with us.”
“Hopefully Reina will decide that, but if she doesn’t, can we still be friends?” I ask, finally letting a few tears flow.
“We’ll always be friends, Si. Always,” Jen says, pulling me in for a hug.
Everyone else gathers around and we hold onto each other for a few minutes. As we break apart, we see that the mentors have entered the lobby and are watching us. Reina looks conflicted and then runs over and hugs me, too.
“I want you to know that no matter what I end up having to do, I’m proud of you. For doing what you thought was right and for standing up to me. I may not agree with what you did, but I respect you, Sierra.”
“I respect you, too.”
“Will you be staying at your old apartment?” she asks, stepping back.
“No. She’ll be staying with us,” Ainsley tells her.
“I didn’t agree to that. My apartment is fine.”
“For you, maybe. Your brother is already freaking out about you going off on the mission. He’s going to go postal if he hears you’re staying alone.”
“He can get over it. All of it,” I say, rolling my eyes.
“He thinks that you might…um…I don’t know how to say it.”
I close my eyes and count to ten. “He really thinks I would hurt myself over this?”
“He’s just worried.”
“I’ll stay with you tonight, but Zack and I are going to have a talk. My heart is broken, and I’m emotionally beaten down, but I wouldn’t do that. I wouldn’t hurt or kill myself.”
“I know you wouldn’t. Like I said, he just worries.”
“I’ve worried way too much about him over the years, so I guess it’s his turn.”
“Go easy on him.”
“Never,” I tell her with a smile.
I love my brother, but he needs to realize that I’m going to fight for myself, not give up. Losing everything only makes me want to fight harder. He should know that already. He will by the time we’re done talking, even if I have to literally knock some sense into him.

* * *

Joel

Part one of Operation Kitten is starting today. Our game is being televised, and I’m taking advantage of the cameras to get my first message across. It’s only been two days since Sao Paolo, and I can’t allow myself to hope that Sierra will watch the game, but I hope it’ll get picked up and go viral. Or it will be an epic failure, and I’ll have to move on to part two sooner rather than later.
I walk out onto the field, and right on cue, Glen shouts out his question to me. “Did you get your Kitten back?”
“No,” I answer, keeping to the script. “I hope she’s not gone for good.”
“You lost a kitten?” a reporter from the network airing the game asks me, motioning for the cameraman to keep rolling.
“Yeah, man, and I’ll do anything to get her back.”
“She was here with you in Arizona?”
“I lost her here, yes.”
“I bet the fans would be willing to help you look for her. Especially the female ones. We all know you’ve never had a problem attracting the females.”
“I’m not looking to attract any female fans. I just want my Kitten.”
“What’s your kitten’s name?”
“Gatinha.”
I jog into the dugout before he can ask me anything else. Glen and I discreetly bump fists and smile at each other. I did what I could for now. It’s time to concentrate on winning today’s game.
Eleven innings later, we’ve fought our way to a one-point win. I’m exhausted and a little battered, but we got the job done, and that’s all that matters. Until I look up into the stands and see Sierra standing there with a smile on her face. I start to run to her, but her eyes go wide and she shakes her head. She holds up her phone and I get it. She doesn’t want pictures of us. I can’t completely stop without looking suspicious, so I still run to the first rows and high five the fans there.
Once I get away, and get back to the locker room, I grab my phone. I have to stop myself from jumping up and down when I see the text.
Kitten: I heard you were missing your Kitten.
It came through earlier, but I immediately respond, knowing she won’t be waiting for me outside this time. Or at least not where I can see her. I have no doubt she’ll be watching me with the bunnies to see if I really meant the message I sent to her.
Me: More than anything I’ve ever missed in my life.
Kitten: Even baseball?
Me: Yes.
Kitten: I was kidding.
Me: I’m not.
Kitten: Text me your address. If you want…
Me: Can’t you find that out with your internship?
Kitten: I’m probably being kicked out.
Me: Porra. Can I do anything?”
Kitten: You can give me your address. We’ll see from there.
We both know I was asking if I could talk to Reina for her, but I’m not going to argue with anything she’s offering, or wanting. I’ll give her whatever she needs from me. I text her the address and then hit the showers.

* * *

Sierra

I don’t know what I’m doing here. I was sitting at Zack’s house after our latest fight, channel surfing as I tried to calm down. When I saw Joel running onto the field, I had to stop. I just wanted to see him for a few seconds. I didn’t expect him to tell the world he was missing his “kitten.” I wonder how many women are running around this city, calling out to every cat they see, hoping it’s Joel’s “Gatinha.”
“I’m hoping you’re thinking about me with that smile on your face,” the man in question says, walking up to his apartment door, which I just happen to be leaning against.
“I was thinking about all of the women out there searching for your kitten.”
“Maybe I should tell them that I got her back. Have I?” he asks as he leads me inside.
“The jury’s still out on that one,” I tell him.
“I’m prepared to make a very passionate closing argument if necessary.”
“Passion’s always a good thing.”
“Is that what you’re here for? Passion?”
“I don’t know what I’m here for,” I tell him honestly. “I saw you on T.V. and I wanted to get away from my brother, so here I am.”
“Zack’s giving you shit?”
“Yeah.” I bite my lip, then ask for what I need. “Can you hold me for a minute?”
He moves to me, but instead of just hugging me, he picks me up. Once he’s walked the few steps to the couch, he sits down with me on his lap. I cuddle into him, nuzzling his neck as he rubs my back and kisses my hair. When my hands move into his hair, he turns his head and I kiss him.
It’s not a kiss of want, it’s one of need. Not sexual need, but need for love and understanding. Zack loves me, but he doesn’t understand. Reina understands, but she doesn’t love me. I need both, and Joel is the only one who can give them to me. That’s why I’m here, I suddenly realize. Despite everything’s that’s happened, I know Joel loves me.
“Where did you go, Kitten?”
“I was thinking about how I came here because you love me.”
“I do,” he tells me, giving me little kisses as he speaks. “So very much.”
“Do you understand why I couldn’t tell you? Why I walked away? Why I’m here?”
“Yes, I understand. You couldn’t tell me because other people were involved and you can only give your own secrets. You walked away because I was an ass. I know you wouldn’t cheat on me, but I let my pride convince me otherwise. I’m hoping you’re here because you know I’ll always be ready with a hug when you need one.”
“What if that’s all I can do right now? Hug and kiss you, I mean.”
“My dick may fall off, but I’d die a happy man if I could just hug and kiss you for the rest of my life. Eu te amo.”
“I can’t have your dick falling off, since I plan to put it to good use soon.”
“He’ll be fine,” he tells me, raining kissing down my neck.
God how I love having his beard rubbing against me. I reach down and stroke him over the basketball shorts he’s wearing. He bites my shoulder in response. I pull back, forcing him to look at me as I still my hand.
“I can’t promise you more than right now.”
“I want forever, but we can start with right now.”
His words are like a blast of cold air. I can’t do this. I can’t make him think there’s a chance when I don’t know if there is. I came here because I needed him, but now I have to leave. I love him too much to use him, because despite what he says, he won’t be okay with just a casual hook-up. We’re way past that, and it’s not fair to him, or even to me, since I don’t have my head on straight right now.
I push up to my feet and back up. “I can’t do this to you.”
“Yeah, you can.”
“No. You love me enough to let me use you because I’m hurting, but I love you enough to not do that to you. You deserve more than that. I can’t give it to you right now, but you deserve it.”
“I’ll take whatever you can give me, Si. I just want you.”
“If it’s any consolation, I’ll never be anyone else’s. Even if we’re not together, I’ll only be yours. Always.”
“I’m not giving up. I’ll give you the time you need, but that doesn’t mean you’re not going to see me on T.V. talking about my lost Kitten again. Or talking about the most perfect set of breasts I’ve ever had my hands on.”
“Don’t you dare talk about my boob on T.V.,” I say, reaching down to smack him on the arm.
“But they are. Perfect, I mean. No matter what I may have made you think.”
“Did you not hear me tell your ‘friend’ that my guy said that?”
“Yes, but I also heard you throw it in my face in Sao Paolo. Which I know I deserved, by the way.”
“You did. I mean it, though, no boob talk.” I rub my hand over where I smacked him because I shouldn’t have done that. And okay, because he has amazing biceps that just beg to be touched. “I like the Kitten stuff, by the way.”
“Yeah?” he asks, grabbing my hand and bringing it to his lips.
“Yeah. It’s sweet and kind of sexy to have you talking to me, even though no one else knows.”
“Well, my friend Glen knows. He’s the catcher.”
“Recruiting some help, huh?”
“I’ll take all I can get when it comes to you.”
“Even after I hurt you? Even though you know the truth now, the stuff with Marcus hurt you. Just like you not trusting me, and then throwing that other woman in my face hurt me.”
“I didn’t go home with that girl. I want to get that out there first. If you were watching today, you saw that I ignored every single woman waiting outside of the stadium.”
“I didn’t watch. I trust you. I’m not worried about you cheating on me, but I am worried about you so easily throwing something like that in my face. Zack and Ainsley did that to each other, and while they worked it out, I wasn’t sure they would. I don’t want us to go back and forth, hurting each other like that. I saw what it did to two people I love and I don’t want to experience it with the man I’m in love with.”
“I get that. I do. But I’m not Zack, and you’re not Ainsley. We hurt each other a couple times, Gatinha. I, for one, don’t plan on continuing that cycle. I will honestly do everything in my power to make sure I never hurt you again.”
“I want to believe you, and I’m not going to fight your wooing. I need to focus on the Society right now, but you’re not being ignored. Even if I don’t text you back right away. I’m just trying to deal with everything, and thinking about it all at once is too overwhelming.”
“I can text you? Can I call you, too?”
“That’s all you took from that?”
“No, but right now that’s the most important to me.”
“Yes, you can text me. Let’s wait a few days for the calling. Hearing your voice might make me run right back here before I should. Especially if you speak to me in Portuguese.”
“Prepare to be wooed and wowed.”
“I’ve already been wowed by you, so just focus on the woo.”
“Can I kiss you once more before you go?”
“I should say no, but I might die if you don’t.”
He smiles before taking my face in his hands and giving me the sweetest kiss I’ve ever gotten. It’s not passionate in and of itself, but it’s still full of passion. He sucks my lower lip between his teeth, and sighs before letting me go. I open my eyes and try not to cry when I see the love in his eyes.
“Boa viagem, meu amor,” he tells me. He’s wishing me a safe trip, but yeah, my ovaries just exploded.
Chapter 18
Joel

Letting Sierra walk out the door again is the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life, but I know I had to do it. She’s scared of us, and trying to force things would only push her further away. I’m going to pull out all the stops Glen and I can come up with to win her back. Now that I know that the “Kitten” thing is the way to go, I’m going to go all the way with it.
The knock on the door surprises me, and I wonder if maybe she’s decided to come back. I throw open the door with a smile on my face and end up doubled over from the punch to my gut.
“You fucking bastard. My sister’s no ball bunny.”
“You think I don’t know that,” I gasp out as Zack stands over me, glaring.
“Then why would you bring her here and then send her away a half hour later, crying.”
“That’s between her and me.”
“Do you want to die today? Because I will kill you. I know how to hide a body, or at least my wife does. She’ll help me, you know. I’m too pretty for prison.”
“You’re an asshole, is what you are.”
“So are you.”
“Are you going to hit me again, or can we sit down and talk this out?”
“You have beer?”
“Yeah.”
“We can talk. I can’t promise not to hit you again, though.”
“Take a seat, slugger.”
I force myself to straighten up and walk into the kitchen. I grab a beer for him and a water for me. After tossing him the beer, I sit down opposite him on the couch.
“I love your sister. Your sister loves me. We hurt each other, and now she’s afraid it will become a cycle for us like it was for you and Ainsley. She doesn’t want that, so she’s walking away for now. I’m going to keep fighting for her. What else do you need to know?”
“Shit. I knew she was pissed at me when I kept messing things up with Ains, but I didn’t realize we freaked her out so much. She was usually on my wife’s side.”
“How many times do you guys do stuff to each other?”
He shakes his head. “More times than I can count. In our defense, neither of us had ever been in a serious relationship before. Falling in love brought out every insecurity we both had. We acted like teenagers, because as far as dating was concerned, we pretty much were like teens. Ever since we realized we should stop fighting each other and just be in love, it’s been amazing.”
“Was it worth it?”
“Hell, yeah. I love her more than anything. If I had to do it again, would I try not to do stupid shit to make her jealous? Of course I would. But while I won’t say what we went through made us stronger, it made us realize how important it is to trust the person you love, and to not react without stopping to think about what you’re doing.”
“I’ve already realized that. I just have to prove it to her, and I will.”
“I don’t think I need to punch you again. You’re almost good enough for her.”
“Almost?”
“She’s my baby sister, man. No one’s ever going to be really good enough for her. You’ll do, though.”
“Um, thanks. I think.”
“You’re welcome. Now, tell me about these plans of yours.”

* * *

Sierra

Sleeping in the same city as Joel and not being with him was hard. I woke up grouchy and I still feel that way as I wait for the jet I borrowed from Miles to takeoff. The flight attendant said we were waiting for a last minute delivery. I guess Miles needed something, although he didn’t mention it when I asked. I told him I needed to see Joel, and he told me the jet would be ready when I got to the airport.
“Here we go,” she tells me, looking out the window.
“It’s here?”
“I am,” Zack says, walking into the seating area.
You have got to be fucking kidding me. “What are you doing here?”
“I think that’s my cue to leave. Call if you need anything, Ms. Taylor. You too, Mr. Taylor.”
“Thanks,” I tell her, giving her a smile which will hopefully convince her that both Zack and I will leave the plane alive. I’m not so sure about his chances at the moment, but I don’t want to scare her.
Zack waits for her to leave before sitting down across from me. “Nice to see you too, sis.”
“Don’t you dare put this on me. We had a huge fight about Joel yesterday, and all of a sudden you’re now here in Arizona. Don’t even try to tell me that’s a coincidence.”
“It’s not.”
“I am not a baby, or even a little girl who needs your constant supervision. I’m also not going to kill myself. I know you’re worried about that, and it’s a serious fear with what I’ve gone through, but I’m focusing on the future. I want a future. I promise you that.”
“I have a hard time thinking about you being grown up. I know it and I own it. That doesn’t mean I can just stop cold turkey. I’ll always want to interfere, but I’ll try to tone it down.”
“That’s very mature of you, Zachary.”
“I am mature now. I mean, I only punched Joel once yesterday.”
“You didn’t. Please, please, tell me you’re joking.”
“Sorry, no really, not sorry. He deserved it, and he took it like a man. Once he could speak.”
“You broke his jaw?”
“No. If I broke his jaw, he wouldn’t be talking already. Don’t you study anatomy in the Society?”
“Oh, yeah. Duh. And yes, they study it. I wasn’t that far yet.”
“You’ll do it when you go back.”
“We both know the chances of me going back are slim.”
“I don’t know that. Kicking you out would be stupid, and Reina is definitely not stupid.”
“I don’t want to talk about that right now. Where did you hit Joel?”
“I punched him in the stomach.”
“You hit his abs? What is wrong with you? Have you seen those abs, they’re a thing of beauty? And sexiness.”
“No. I didn’t look at his abs. And don’t say ‘sexiness’ in front of me. Also, I have an awesome set of abs. See.”
He starts to lift his shirt, but I hold up my hands and squeeze my eyes shut. “No. Stop. This is not Flowers in the Attic. I do not want to see your abs. That’s just gross. Why would you even say that, or try to show me? Eww. Keep your damn shirt on.”
“You’ve seen me without my shirt on, brat.”
“Yeah, but I don’t look at you. Why would I look at you? Save that for your wife!”
“You’re being ridiculous.”
“Really? Should I take my shirt off? How about my shorts, too?” I ask, smirking at him.
“God, no. I don’t want to…shit…sorry about the abs thing. I totally get it now. Yuck,” he says, shuddering. “But I still think mine are better than his.”
“We’ll just have to agree to disagree about that.”
“We talked after I punched him.”
“Did you now?”
“Yeah, and I realized that maybe you and I should’ve talked a long time ago. About me and Ains.”
“Shit. He shouldn’t have told you.”
“You’re right, he shouldn’t have. You should’ve talked to me about how my relationship with Ainsley freaked you out.”
“It’s not your relationship. You guys are great together. It’s the way you both kept reacting and trying to one up each other in the jealousy wars.”
“Jealousy wars. Huh, that’s a good one. I’ll have to tell Ains. She’ll laugh about it.”
“It wasn’t so funny when it was going on.”
“No, Si. It definitely wasn’t. We were both immature and scared. We didn’t know how to deal with what we were feeling or even trust each other. She thought she wasn’t girly enough to keep my interest, and I thought she was just using me. Each of us had to figure out that we were wrong and realize that love doesn’t have to be scary.”
“I’m scared,” I admit.
“Joel isn’t me, and you’re not Ainsley. You both screwed up with how you handled things, but you also both realize that. I don’t think either one of you will turn a couple mistakes into a cycle like we did. Plus, the Mrs. and I are not your only examples. Mom and Dad are still together after all these years. They drive each other nuts sometimes, but I’ve never doubted their love for each other. Have you?”
“No. They’re definitely in love. I used to be grossed out when they danced around the backyard while Dad was barbequing, or how they held hands whenever we went out. Now I think it’s sweet. I want to have someone to hold hands with and dance with. For no other reason than because we want to.”
“It is pretty awesome. You can have that, you know. I’m pretty sure Cruz would hold your hand all day, every day, if you let him.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re right. I probably shouldn’t have left, huh?”
“Don’t worry about it. Let him sweat it a little. He’s already got something fun planned for his next public declaration.”
“It’s only a public declaration if the public knows he’s declaring something. They think he’s looking for a cat.”
“Does that make it any less romantic for you?”
“Obviously not, since I borrowed a jet so I could fly to him after I saw him on T.V.”
“I just want you to be happy,” he tells me, getting serious again. “I have never seen you happier than when you were with him before everything fell apart.”
I was. I won’t say Joel made me that happy, because I believe people are responsible for their own feelings. He did help me find my happy, though. I need to find it again and keep it this time. I’ll be happy to let him help me with that. Especially if that help includes some kisses.

* * *

Joel

I went through some of the messages and emails my agent’s office forwarded me with Zack before he left. They weeded out the crazy ones, leaving the charity ones, along with a few others they thought I’d be interested in. That’s why I’m here today at the cat shelter, having my picture taken. I’m reclining on the grass, leaning back on my forearms, as kittens crawl all over me. Oh, and I have no shirt on. Apparently sex sells for pet adoptions, too.
Once they have enough still photos to choose from, the camera crew comes in for the commercial. I don’t know how they put this together so fast, but they did. The crew films the cats on my abs for several seconds before panning up. I say the lines I wrote when they pause on my face.
“I lost my Kitten, but you can find your own bundle of happiness here at the shelter. Adopt a kitten, and you might just be as happy as I was when mine was with me. Isn’t it worth a shot?”
I’m not going to win any writing awards, but it says what I want it to while drawing attention to the shelter. I’m not really a cat person, but these little guys and girls are adorable. I hope they get adopted into loving homes, and I also hope Sierra will see this ad and call me. Or at least text.
“You did great,” he director tells me. “I’d like to try a few more, though, if you’re game.”
“Sure. I want this to be perfect.”
“You gonna adopt one of these?”
“No. I only want my Kitten.”
“You must really love her.”
“You have no idea.”
“Well, good luck getting her back. It seems like the entire city is looking for her.”
“Thanks. I don’t think the fans will find her. She needs to come back to me on her own.”
“Why do I feel like there’s more to this story than you’re letting on?”
“Because there is.”
“If you share it, it would be easier for everyone to help you.”
“Nice try, but this is personal and private for me. If she comes back to me, everyone will know. You can be sure of that.”
“I never pegged you for a man of mystery.”
I just shrug. He’s not going to get any info out of me, so there’s really nothing more for me to say. Sierra doesn’t need any more attention on her while she’s fighting for her dream, and while I’m fighting for her. I’m going to win, and like I told this guy, the world will know, but that time hasn’t come yet. Until it does, I’ll keep supporting the other kittens of the world, even if their claws aren’t as fun as hers are.
Chapter 19
Sierra

Ainsley was pleasantly surprised when Zack and I arrived home peacefully, and both in one piece. They disappeared upstairs as soon as we walked in. I think they’re talking, but if they’re not, I don’t want to know about it. I change into yoga pants and the old practice t-shirt of Joel’s he let me have, settling in on the couch to watch T.V.
The doorbell rings right as I’m getting into one of the new shows on the DVR. I wait a moment to see if anyone else is going to get it. No one can get in the gates unless they’re buzzed in or know the code, so it must be someone who’s expected. It chimes again, so I pause the show and pad over to the door in my bare feet. Since I’m not the one expecting a visitor, I don’t really care what I look like.
“Hi, Sierra,” Reina says when I open the door.
“Oh, um, hi Reina. If you have a seat, I’ll try and get Ainsley. She’s upstairs with Zack.”
“I’m not looking to scar you for life, so it’s probably best if you don’t go looking for her,” Reina says with a smile. “Besides, I’m here to see you.”
“Me? But it’s only been a few days.”
“Yes, but they’ve been very uncomfortable days,” she tells me as she walks over to the couch and sits down.
I guess making the decision has been rough for her, but “uncomfortable” is a weird word to use. “Did something happen?”
Her lips twitch again, but she’s trying hard to look serious. “Remember when I told all of you that friendship is at least as equally important as training?”
“Sure. Your ‘hot’ Braveheart speech, as Matt called it.”
She does smile then. “Yeah, that one. Your friends took it to heart. They’ve stopped going to their classes.”
“What?” I ask sitting up straighter. “I had nothing to do with that, I swear.”
“You have everything to do with it,” she says, waving her hand when I start to speak again. “I know you knew nothing about what they’re doing now, but it showed me something important. So did the letter they sent me.”
“Letter?”
“They all signed a letter telling us that while they stand behind you, they know what you did isn’t something everyone should be doing. They promised not to follow in your footsteps and jump into a mission they’re not assigned to.”
“Oh.”
“I was angry by what you did, Sierra, but I was also scared. I thought I was ready for this, and I was also so proud of this program we developed. The women who started the Society did so with great intentions, but their methods were always with the Society coming first. I wanted a Society where the women come first, because we are the Society. We should be kept informed and know what’s going on at all times.
“Part of coming first to me means that I have to protect all of you, including the mentors. When you came flying onto that dining room table, my heart almost stopped. I was already out of my seat when you threw the knife. I didn’t think you might have a knife or a gun. All I saw was that you were losing, and you might die because of it. Once everything was settled, all I could think about is how I felt betrayed by my friends, because they let you join a mission you weren’t ready for. I kept thinking about how they should’ve been on my side, not yours. When in reality, we’re on the same side, and you didn’t fly there to disobey me or go against me.
“You flew there to save the man you loved, and you would’ve found a way to go even if the mentors didn’t help you. You’re alive now because they did help you. They made sure you were as ready as you could be. I can admit now that I was hurt, and also that I would’ve done the exact same thing you’d done. Matt may be able to take care of himself, but I still would’ve gone. You did the right thing for you, and now your friends are rallying around you. That’s what the Society is about. All of us have to believe in what we do, and we need to ask for and accept help from the others when we need it. You did that, Sierra. You didn’t just fly off to Brazil without any support. You convinced the strongest women I know to help you.”
“I honestly don’t think I would’ve gone if I hadn’t known they were there with me. I was full of adrenaline—and fear—but I knew they were there to help me if I messed up. I know I’m not ready for my own mission.”
She nods. “I realize that now. There have to be consequences for what you did, because although your friends are behind you, I still need to set a precedent. I can’t have everyone just doing what they want. Even though I know that’s not the case with you, I have to be tough.”
“I understand,” I tell her, still a little afraid that I’m going to be kicked out. I’m trying not to get my hopes up.
“You’re going to be on probation for a month. I also want you to help me with the upcoming gala fundraiser.”
“The one in two weeks? I thought everything was set for that.”
“It was, but then Stella threw something out there as a joke, and I’m thinking it might actually be a great idea. So I’m going with it.”
“What were her idea?”
“She thinks we should auction off dates with all of the high profile guys in our circle.”
“Aren’t most of them married?”
“Yes, and she thinks that will bring in even more money. She says Kace gets propositioned more now that they’re married than he did before. The guys are definitely not going to sleep with the winners, but I see nothing wrong with a date and maybe a kiss on the cheek. Especially if it will raise even more money for us. Matt’s resources are pretty vast, but I like having others helping out as well.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“I have a list of guys. I want you to help me reach out, and I also think you’d be a great emcee.”
“Okay, sure,” I tell her with a laugh. “I don’t want to piss you off, but this is a little easier than I expected it to be.”
“That doesn’t piss me off. I said I have to be tough, but that doesn’t mean I like to be. Your friends actually helped me out with their protesting and letter. I know they respect me, but I can admit that I’m glad they decided to go against me. It makes it easier for me to bring you back.”
“I won’t tell them.”
“You can. Full disclosure and all.”
“I think it’s better if they all experience your softer side on their own.”
“Your call. Do you want to come back now or wait until tomorrow?”
“Can I come in after I shower and change? I don’t want to wait until tomorrow, but I can’t go in like this.”
“Of course. I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
“Thank you, Reina. For everything.”
“You’re welcome, but thanks for saying that because I almost forgot something.”
She reaches into her purse, and pulls out an envelope. “What is it?” I ask as she hands it to me.
“Your mission payment.”
“We get paid for missions?”
“Yes,” she tells me with a smile. “The lead on every mission receives payment. It differs, depending on what we’re doing, but it’s always generous. For private missions where people pay for our help, it’s always one million dollars.”
My eyes widen. “You’re giving me one million dollars?”
“No, I’m not giving it to you. You earned it. Everyone else agrees. In fact, they insisted. Don’t spend it all in one place,” she tells me as she walks out.
Holy hell, I’m a millionaire. And what would I spend it all in one place on? I love clothes, but not that much. I could use a new car, but nothing that fancy. I’ll definitely donate some somewhere. For now, I guess it can just sit in my bank account, making me feel fancy.

* * *

Joel

My phone is ringing when I get out of the shower, and I smile when I see Sierra’s name on the screen. “Hi, Kitten,” I tell her when I answer.
“That commercial. Oh. My. God. Do you have an extra bat to beat the women off with? I mean, kittens, your sexy words, and your abs? I almost fainted. Like, seriously swooned to the floor. Did you have it done already when I saw you?”
“No swooning unless I’m there to catch you. And no, I just did it today. They edited it immediately, and since it was for charity, I convinced the network to let it be shown right away. I still don’t know how they did it, but I’m glad they made it happen.”
“Me, too. Your abs are so beautiful. Like, they need a shrine beautiful.”
“I’m more than just my abs, you know,” I say, trying to sound annoyed, when I’m actually quite amused.
“I mentioned your words, too.”
“You thought what I said was sexy, huh?”
“Mm-hm. I like how you talk just to me, and almost no one else knows you’re doing it.”
“I’m glad you like it, especially since those kittens did a number on my chest and abs with their little claws.”
“They scratched you? Too bad I’m not there to kiss your abs better.”
“You really do have an obsession with my abs.”
“I’m sorry. Is it weird?”
“Kind of,” I tell her honestly. “It’s also kind of funny, and more than a little sexy.”
“I’ll try to restrain myself.”
“Don’t you fucking dare. You want to kiss my abs, you just go ahead and do it. I love having your mouth on me—on any part of me.”
“I’ll make sure to give all of your parts some attention next time I see you.”
“Please do.”
“There’s another reason I’m calling.”
“Okay.”
“Reina let me back in. I’m on probation, but I’m a recruit again.”
Thank God. “Congrats, Kitten. I knew it would happen, but I didn’t think it would be this soon.”
She tells me how her friends stood up for her, and also about how she has to help with the gala. “Can you get the night off?” she asks.
“Probably. Are you asking me on a date?”
“Um, no. I’m asking you to be auctioned off for charity. Oh, and yes, to be my date, too.”
“Come again?”
“I’m hoping to. In the meantime, we’re auctioning off dates with high profile guys to raise extra money at the gala. I’m the emcee, and I was hoping you’d participate.”
“You really want me to go on a date with someone else?”
“It’s just one date, and I trust you.”
“If you’re sure, then yes. I’m keeping my shirt on, though.”
“Seriously? Your abs could bring us a bunch of money.”
“Yes, I’m serious. I’m more than my abs, Sierra.”
“I know. You’ll show your biceps then, right? They’re almost as yummy.”
“It’s a good thing I know you love me for more than just my body, or else I’d start to feel like a piece of meat right about now.”
“Oh, I do. I love your mind and heart, too, but you’ll show off your biceps, won’t you?”
Chapter 20
Sierra

Reina and I have gathered all the women in her office to go over the final details for the gala tomorrow night. She delegated a lot of the work, while we’ve been concentrating on the auction. Everything has come together with everyone else, and I stand to give my report.
“We have lots of guys signed up, and I think we’ll make a ton of money.”
“Kace will get the most,” Stella says with a smirk.
“Are you bidding on him?” I ask.
“Hell no. I don’t need to pay for dinner with him…or dessert. I can’t wait to see those high society ladies get into a frenzy over him, though.”
“Blake might bring more,” Audrey tells her.
“We’ll see,” Stella says, not looking worried.
“How about a little wager?” Ainsley asks.
The other recruits and I look at each other in amusement. We’ve seen our mentors have fun and get drunk, but this is something entirely different. They’re actually going to bet on which one of their men is going to bring in the most money in an auction where they’ll have to go on dates with the winners. Not all of the mentors’ husbands are participating, but the ones who are will definitely be bringing in big money. The question is, who will bring in the most?
Before they can agree on terms, there’s a knock at Reina’s door. She must really be into this bet if she didn’t notice someone approaching. She tells the doors to open and Jade’s husband, Nate Anderson, walks in.
“Oh, hey, ladies. I didn’t know you’d all be here.”
“What’s up, Nate?” Reina asks him.
“I was going to ask why I wasn’t included in this auction thing.”
I hear several of the mentors gasp and Reina looks stunned. She’s literally speechless. It’s Jade who speaks for her.
“She was just looking out for you, Soldier. We all were.”
“This is…different. What I went through was degrading, but this is just something fun that’s raising money for the Foundation.”
“Women will be bidding on you. It could get a little out of control,” Reina tells him, not meeting his eyes. I don’t know what happened to him, but it must be bad.
“I can handle it. I promise. Besides, if it gets too crazy, my own personal Angel will swoop in to save me.”
“Damn right,” Jade tells him.
“Put him down, Sierra,” Reina tells me with a smile, before finally looking at him. “If anything—and I mean, anything—sets you off, or is too uncomfortable, you let us know somehow. I will personally take down any woman who disrespects you, or any of the other men. I know there will be catcalls, and whistling, probably even some yelling, and maybe a fainting or two, but it should still be respectful.”
“I’ve got this, Rei. But I promise to let you all know if I get overwhelmed.”
“Deal.”
Jade pulls him down for a kiss. “I love you.”
“Love you, too,” he tells her, before turning to all of us. “I’ll leave you ladies to the rest of your planning.”
“I’m in on the bet,” Jade says when he’s walked out. “My man is so gonna win.”

* * *

Joel

There’s some crazy shit about to go down in this auction. I’ve got an ace up my sleeve, but the other guys have pulled out all the stops, too. Literally, all of them. I don’t even have words for what I’m seeing as we all get ready to take the stage. It’s either going to be epically awesome or an epic fail with some of these guys. Here’s hoping for the former.
Race car driver, Ares Dixon, is the first one out. He’s got his racing suit on, but the top half is hanging down around his hips. He comes across as cocky to me, but the ladies seem to like it. He gets the Foundation $100,000.
Zack is the first one of the Society husbands out, and the sight of him with just his shoulder pads and football pants on brings the screams. He tosses the foam footballs in his hands out to the crowd and flexes his muscles while walking down the runway. I’m not surprised when he brings in $200,000.
Olympic swimmer, Knox Williams, goes out wet. Literally. He had someone spray him down backstage, and water is sliding over his muscles as he walks. The tiny Speedo he has on hides nothing, and security has to carry a woman off the stage when she rushes it in her ball gown. I’m thinking the $150,000 his winning bidder pledges is a steal.
Kace goes next. He’s swaggering down the runway while singing. He moves his hips in time to the music, and the women go wild. $350,000 more is coming the Foundation’s way.
His bandmate, Wayne, walks down the runway with his guitar slung over his back and a cocky smirk on his face. That’s all he needs, apparently, since it brings in $510,000.
Nate walks out with his hands taped, his chest oiled, and his shorts slung low on his hips. He throws some punches and brings in another $550,000.
Brayden just walks out in a tux with his crown on his head, and brings in in $300,000. I guess dinner with a prince is a pretty big deal.
When Aiden walks out to Sexy Back, I think he’s just going to strut. Until he stops at the end and starts stripping. No lie. The guy has obviously done this before. He’s swiveling his hips while dropping his clothes, and if I thought the women were wild before, by the time he gets down to his boxers, they’re positively crazed. Even Sierra’s fanning herself, which makes me want to punch him. $625,000 is his donor’s contribution.
NBA star, and Ellie’s brother, Dylan Gallagher dribbles a ball down the runway while only wearing his uniform shorts. He spins the ball on his finger, earning him $275,000.
Blake goes out dressed as everyone’s favorite movie character of his. He waves and blows kisses to the women. An easy $350,00 more for the Foundation.
Matt struts out like he’s James Bond in his custom suit. He poses at the end of the runway like he’s in a fashion show. Cha-ching goes another $400,000.
Miles is wearing his old jersey open over jeans. He doesn’t do anything special, just walking like normal. And he walks off with $320,000.
The Griffin Brothers each bring in over $500,000, and then it’s my turn. I pick up the little kitten from her carrier and check my hair in the mirror as Sierra starts my introduction. I did what she asked, and have a sleeveless shirt on, showing off my guns. I have jeans and boots on, too. It’s the kitten and the arms that will bring in the money, so I’ll be playing up both.
“Joel has been very vocal about losing his Kitten, but maybe a nice date with one of you lucky ladies will help to ease the pain,” Sierra is saying as I walk out, holding the kitten I brought up by my chin so she can nuzzle against me. Sierra’s smiling, but I can tell she’s not enjoying herself at the moment. She trusts me, but she doesn’t want me to go on a date with one of the screaming women.
“Not a chance,” I whisper in my Kitten’s ear as I walk by her. “My Kitten is irreplaceable.” She smiles, and I almost kiss her. Almost. I need her to make the first move in that direction.
The bidding has already started by the time I get to the end of the runway. No one except for security—and Brayden—is expecting me to jump off the stage. The security guys surround me as I walk over to the table where he’s sitting with Darcy and their friends and family. Her eyes widen as I hold out the kitten to her.
“From Brayden, because you’re his Cat, and from me, because you take good care of my Kitten.”
She leans up and kisses my cheek before kissing Brayden full on the mouth. That’s my cue to head back to the stage. I hop back up and hear some yell out a bid for $600,000. Not too shabby. I look that way and see a whole table of women smiling. I recognize some of them from outside of the stadium, and while I’m surprised to see them here, money is money. I was just hoping to be going on a date with someone who wasn’t already trying to get in my pants. Maybe I’ll bring security with me.
Just when I think they’ve won, another bid comes from across the room. It’s for $700,000, and it comes from a table that’s similar to the other one. Well, okay. This is definitely not what I was expecting, and apparently neither was Sierra, because before anyone in the audience can celebrate a win, she yells out her own bid from behind me.
“One million dollars. Sold for one million dollars.”
My head whips around, and I see her shrug and bite her lip. I throw my head back and laugh as she starts walking to me. I can hear yelling from the bunnies about it not being fair and cheers from Sierra’s friends, urging her on, but all I’m focused on is her as she comes for me. Back to me.
She’s got on a sexy, one-shouldered blue gown that has a sheer triangle showing a hint of her left breast. The bottom is like a toga, gathered on one side, and trailing on the floor behind her. Silver heels are peeking out on the side where it’s open a little, and I want to run my hands up her leg, opening her up to me. She doesn’t stop when she gets to me, but grabs my biceps and pulls me to her, kissing the hell out of me.
“Hi, Kitten,” I say when we break apart.
The crowd goes even wilder, and then I realize she’s still got the microphone in her hand. They all heard me, and now they know. I was never hoping for a cat to come back to me. I was waiting for Sierra, my one and only Gatinha.
She leans her head on my shoulder, laughing as she rubs my arms. After about a minute, she lifts her head and turns back to the crowd. “Thank you all for coming and bidding. Please go to the back of the room to pay if you’ve won a date. On behalf of the Corrigan & Co. Foundation, we thank you for your generosity in our live auction. The silent auction items will still be open for another two hours. Your dinner will be served shortly.”
She turns off the microphone, and drops it to the ground before wrapping her arms around me again. “I just paid a million dollars for a date with you.”
“I thought you were buying my arms.”
“Abs, Joel, abs. We’ve been over this already. Focus.”
“All I can focus on is the fact that you just claimed me in front of this room full of people.”
“Yeah, well, I went a little nuts when I saw all those women bidding on you.”
“Just a little. Do you need a loan? I can pay the million dollars. I’d be more than happy to do it.”
“No. I have the money.” She bites her lip again, and I kiss her teeth away.
“What’s wrong, meu amor?”
“I trust you. I didn’t buy the date because I thought you’d cheat. I want you to know that.”
“I do know that. By the way, this dress, you…gostosa…simply stunning.”
“Thank you.”
“I should go change into my suit.”
“I could help.”
Oh, yeah. “You won’t be missed?”
“My duties for the night are done.”
“Then, by all means, please help me get out of these clothes.”
Chapter 21
Sierra

We hold hands as we walk backstage, looking as innocent as possible. All bets are off once we get out of sight. We bump into the walls as we kiss our way down the hall to his dressing room. He’s sharing it with a few other guys, but when we come crashing through the door, they hurry out, saying they’ll just use one of the other rooms. Joel leaves me for a moment to lock the door and wedge a chair under it.
“Nothing’s stopping this,” he tells me when I lift an eyebrow at him.
I almost knock him over when I launch myself back into his arms. He pushes my dress up to my waist and lifts me up so I can wrap my legs around him. He holds me up with those amazing arms, and I rub myself over him as I feel him get harder.
“I need to take my dress off,” I tell him. I have to put it back on when we go back out there, so it has to stay intact.
He sets me back on the floor and turns me around. His lips are on my shoulders and then moving down my back as he pushes the one side down my arm and unzips my dress. I don’t have a bra on, so I’m left in just my lacy blue panties as he has me step out of my dress and places it on a chair.
“You look amazing in that dress, but this is so much better.”
“Glad you approve. Now come over here so I can take your shirt off.”
“Just my shirt?”
“For now.”
He toes off his shoes as he walks over to me. I forgot how sexy his feet are. Who am I kidding? Every inch of this man is pure sex, and it’s all mine. He’s all mine.
“Where’d you go, Kitten?”
“Just thinking about you being mine.”
“I am one hundred percent yours.”
“I know. I’m a lucky woman.”
“We’re both lucky.”
“Yeah.”
I run my hands under his shirt, moaning when my hands meet his abs, but forcing myself to focus on the task at hand. Once he pulls it over his head, I lick my lips before dropping to my knees. I’m multitasking as I kiss and nibble on those abs while taking off his belt and undoing his jeans. When my hands delve in, there’s nothing to stop me.
“Commando?”
“I was hoping you’d try to get into my pants tonight,” he tells me with a shrug.
“I’m getting you out of your pants, querido.”
“That works, too.”
I push his jeans down over his hips, and he kicks them off. His cock is looking as good as I remember and I lean forward to lick the pre-cum off the tip. God, he tastes good. I need more, so I take him fully into my mouth as I use one hand on his base, stroking him where my mouth can’t reach, and slide the other one into my panties.
“Porra. That’s hot.”
I’m so wet that my hands are slipping over my clit as I suck him harder. His hands are caressing my head, pulling a little, but not too hard. I love that he’s trying hard not to hurt me as I make his body lose control. I press harder between my folds as I feel him get close. He starts speaking to me in Portuguese, saying words of love, and also how much he loves fucking my mouth and watching me touch myself. That’s all I need, and then I’m moaning around his cock as I buck against my fingers, coming hard. He’s right behind me, and I suck it all down. Every yummy drop he gives me.
I’m still shaking when he reaches down, picks me up and pretty much tosses me down on the couch in the room. My panties are ripped off, and then his mouth is on my still sensitive flesh. I’m coming again within seconds, and then his cock’s inside of me and his mouth is on mine. I taste myself on his tongue as he loses all control and fucks me hard.
“You. This. Amazing. Fucking amazing!” he tells me as he moves his mouth down and claims one of my nipples.
“Amazing,” I agree. That’s the only thing I can say as I start to come yet again.
He growls out his release as I clench around him, and we’re both breathing hard as he collapses onto me. “I’ll get off in a minute,” he tells me.
“I think you just got off. Twice.”
He smacks the side of my ass before turning to smile at me. “Smart ass.”
“You love it.”
“I do. I love you, Sierra Taylor.”
“I love you, too, Joel Cruz.”

* * *

Joel

I hold Sierra in my arms for longer than I probably should. She said she won’t be missed, but I know better. Granted, all of her friends probably know exactly what we’re doing, and that’s actually part of the reason I want to get back out there. What I have with Sierra is about way more than sex, and I want everyone to see that.
“We should get dressed, Kitten.”
“Do we have to?”
“Yeah. I want to show off my girl.”
“Can you stay with me all night tonight?”
“I have to leave super early in the morning, but there’s nothing more I want than to be with you all night.”
“Thanks for flying in for this. I know it was hard with your schedule.”
“Nothing I do for you is hard. I want to be here for you, with you, as much as I can. Once the season starts, it’ll be harder. I wish it wouldn’t, but it will.”
“I know. I’m going to fly out to you as often as I can.”
“We’ll make it work.”
“Yes, we will,” she says, getting up. She picks up her dress, and smiles at me over her shoulder. “I guess we’re both going commando now.”
“Sorry? No, not really sorry.”
“Me neither.”
Ten minutes later, we’re both dressed and ready to go back out to the ballroom. I take her hand once again, kissing her knuckles before opening the door. Back inside the gala, Sierra makes her way to the auction payment window.
“Can you hand me my purse, Harlow?” she asks her friend.
“Of course,” the beautiful blonde tells her with a smirk, grabbing it from a shelf.
My girl pulls out a checkbook and writes out her donation. When she hands it to her friend, she gets another smirk from Harlow. “From the look on your face, I’d say he’s worth it.”
“Most definitely.”
“You sure you’re okay paying that? I meant what I said earlier. I would’ve totally given you the money,” I tell her, worried that she’s overextended herself. I’m sure Reina pays her well, but I don’t know how well.
“Yes. I got exactly that amount for saving your ass, so I might as well buy it back.”
“When you put it that way, I feel very objectified,” forcing my face into a scowl.
“Oh. I was just kidding. I didn’t mean it.”
“I was kidding too, Kitten. You can objectify me any damn time you want.”
“I really don’t want to. I might tease you sometimes, though.”
“About my abs?”
“Would it be bad if I wasn’t teasing about how much I love those?”
“Not at all,” I tell her, kissing her temple as we reach the table where her friends are sitting.
The table seats twelve, and they invite me to sit with them. We both get teased about how much money Sierra paid for me, but it’s nice. Really nice. I like Sierra’s friends, and I’m really happy that they seem to like me, too. Harlow joins us soon after we sit down, and the waiters start bringing dinner out right after that.
“Hey, Theo,” Camari calls out as he walks by. “Do you want to sit with us?”
“Oh. Um, sure.”
He looks at the empty chair between Kalila and Rhieve like it might bite him, but he moves to it instead of the one next to Camari, before looking down at Kalila. “Is this okay with you, Kali?”
She swallows hard and gives him a smile that doesn’t reach her eyes. “Of course. Please sit.”
“You’re the big winner tonight, Joel. Congrats,” he tells me.
“Thanks. I’m a very lucky guy,” I say, rubbing Sierra’s arm. “Why weren’t you up there with us?”
“I’m just a security guy, not a celebrity.”
“Don’t say that!” Kalila practically yells at him. “You’ve saved so many people. You’re just as important as the movie stars and athletes. Maybe even more important.”
He looks at her, and I’m taken aback by all the love that’s showing on his face. “Hearing you say that means more than anything else that’s ever been said to me. Well, except for something else you used to say to me a lot.”
“I can’t say that to you now.”
“I know, but I’m hoping one day you can.”
She just smiles shyly and looks away. I look at Sierra with my eyebrows raised, remembering how Kalila kissed him when he carried her out of Sierra’s place during the drunken pajama party. “We don’t know the details. Just that they knew each other before Las Vegas.”
“Got it. And Camari and him?”
“Oh. She worked for Corrigan before being recruited. I don’t think anything happened between them. He didn’t even try to sit with her, and she doesn’t look bothered at all. “
“True.”
The visitors to our table don’t stop with Theo, but the next guy who comes over is definitely unwelcome. And drunk. He stands next to Harlow, and no one can miss the look of panic on her face when she sees him there.
“Hey, gorgeous. Why weren’t you up there on the stage? You would’ve brought in a ton of cash if you started stripping.”
“I don’t do that anymore,” she says, quietly.
“What? You think you’re high class just because you put on a fancy dress? You’re still just a whore stripper. Why don’t you come put on a private show for me and my friends?”
The entire table gets to its feet, including me. “You need to go sit back down at your table, and shut your fucking mouth,” Matisse tells him.
“I’m just being honest. Calling it like I see it. She was trash when I watched her take her clothes off and she’s still trash now.”
“What part of what my friend said to you did you not understand?” Sierra asks him.
“You can’t kick me out. I’m a big donor.”
“There’s not enough money in the world that would ever cause me to allow someone to disrespect one of my friends,” Reina says, coming up next to Harlow, and putting her arms around her. The other mentors fan out around her.
“I’m not afraid of a bunch of women.”
“You should be,” Matt says from behind me.
I glance back to see every husband, and a few of the other guys from the auction standing with him. I turn back to see the guy going pale and backing away. “I was just messing with her.”
“That was your first mistake,” Reina says. “And it will be the last one you make here. You need to leave now. We’ll send you a check for your donation refund. I never want to see you again. Trust me when I say that you don’t want to see me either.”
“Bitch,” he says, and then promptly falls to the floor when he trips on Neveah’s outstretched foot. He scrambles up and practically runs from the ballroom.
“Thank you,” Harlow says.
“Nothing to thank us for,” Ellie tells her. “Even if you weren’t one of our own, we wouldn’t have let the jackass talk to you like that.”
“It’s okay if you want me to leave.”
“We don’t. You belong with us, Harlow,” Reina tells her, before pulling her into a hug. The other mentors do the same before going back to their tables, and we all sit back down.
I’m thinking the night can’t get any weirder when Wayne from Storyside comes over, pulls Jenysis out of her chair, and then sits down, shifting her sideways onto his lap. “Kiss me, Jeny.”
She rolls her eyes, but does it. I didn’t notice the young woman following Wayne until she screeches. She’s definitely got crazy eyes, and I’m getting ready to hide behind Sierra when an older woman comes and pulls her away as she sobs about being in love with Wayne.
“You can stop now,” Sierra tells them, but the keep at it for another full minute.
When they break apart, Wayne kisses her forehead and grabs her fork to take a bite of her fish. “Good stuff, babe.”
“You’re welcome, you tosser.”
“Tosser? You know you love me. One day you’ll even admit it to yourself, and then we can go to these things together, instead of just shagging every few months.”
“Don’t count on it.”
“Oh, but I will. I’m keeping hope alive just for you,” he tells her as she stands and gestures for him to do this same. “See you later?”
“Yeah. I’ll find you.”
He kisses her again and then salutes the rest of us before heading back to his table, which includes his other bandmates and some of the Society mentors. I look to Sierra again, but she just shakes her head. “Don’t ask.”
The rest of dinner goes by without anyone else stopping by. Once the band starts playing, Ares comes by, stopping next to Rose. “May I have this dance?” he asks her.
“Not unless you remember where we met.”
“How could I forget the woman who was more interested in my car than me?” Rose’s eyes go wide as he continues. “Boston. Almost two years ago. I caught you in my garage, and mistakenly thought you were there to sleep with me. You slapped me and walked out. Now how about that dance?”
Rose looks a little shell-shocked as she places her hand in his and walks to the dance floor. “Damn,” Matisse says, and we all nod.
I think we’re out of the clear until another guy comes over. Jen jumps out of her chair and hugs him. “Calum! I didn’t know you were here.”
“Reina invited me.”
“You’re not mad at her anymore for London?”
“No. I should be mad at you for setting it up, but I’m not. I needed a date, and she needed entrance to that party. It would’ve been nice to know that she was only using me to make her husband jealous, but at least she wasn’t clinging to me after or expecting a piece of jewelry.”
“It must so hard to be you,” Rhieve says with a sneer. Didn’t see that one coming.
“Don’t be catty, Rheive. It’s not a good look on you,” Calum tells her.
“Do you have to go to a special school to learn how to be such a smug bastard, or does it just come naturally?”
“Oh, it’s natural. I don’t need anyone to teach me how to handle you.”
“You’ll never handle me, asshole.”
“I wouldn’t want to.”
Jenysis is watching this exchange with wide eyes. “You two know each other?”
“Not since we were nine years old.”
“Oh. I always forget that you weren’t born in the U.K.”
“I could tell,” I say, causing everyone to look my way. I shrug. “What? He doesn’t talk like a Brit, even though he has the accent.”
“Yes, well. It was good seeing you, Jen, but you should really think about who you surround yourself with.”
Her gaze gets icy, then. “And maybe you should watch what you say about my friends.”
“I thought I was your friend.”
“You both are. Don’t try and make me choose.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” he says, kissing her cheeks before leaving.
“Can we leave soon? I love your friends, but this night is getting a little intense,” I tell Sierra.
“One dance?”
“Of course.”
I hold her close while we dance and don’t let her go after we’ve left the dance floor. I’ve finally gotten her back, and although we’ll be apart more often than not over the next few months, I’m never going to let her go again.
Epilogue
Neveah

I needed a break from my friends and our revolving table of drama, and the silent auction items seem like a great place to escape to. I peruse the trips, the meals, the show tickets, and the jewelry, but none of it really catches my eye. I have some money to donate, but I don’t want to go home with any old thing just because I want something.
As I walk a little further down the tables, I see the guns. There are some ugly black ones, but there’s also one with an intricately inlaid handle. It’s beautiful, which is ironic, since it’s still a death bringer, no matter what it tries to look like.
I hate guns. Even in the hands of someone who is trained to use them, accidents can happen. A man walking by can be killed. I’ll never blame Matt for killing my father, but I can’t help but blame the gun he was using. I know I have to get over my fear in order to become a full member of the Society, but can I? I don’t really know.
I’m drawn to the pretty gun, though. So much so, in fact, that I walk over and look closer. I want to touch it. But then again, I don’t. I reach out my hand, tentatively, but a voice to the side of me stops me.
“No touching the weapons, Ma’am.” I turn to see a police officer glaring at me.
“I’m sorry. I assumed they were unloaded.”
“They are, but we still would prefer if you didn’t touch them.”
“You’d prefer, so I can touch them if I want.”
“I would ask you not to. You seem a little young for this crowd. Can I ask what you’re doing here?”
“Have you asked every guest who’s come by here?”
“No.”
“Yet, you’re asking me. Is my dress not designer enough for you?” I ask, looking down at the fancy dress Stella gave me to wear. I’m pretty sure it retails for more than his salary for the month, but I got it for free. He has the decency to look embarrassed that he’s been called out. “I have nothing to hide, Officer, so I’ll tell you. I’m here because I’m an intern with the Corrigan & Co. Foundation.”
“Oh,” he says, his eyes going wide. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. Please excuse me.”
“I accept your apology, but I can’t excuse you. Racial profiling is something I live with every day, but it is not something I will ever accept.”
“As you shouldn’t,” Dylan Gallagher tells me, walking over to us.
“I’ll be going back to my post. I truly am sorry.”
The officer walks away, and I turn to do the same, but Dylan’s hand on my arm stops me. “Does that happen a lot?”
“Yes.”
“You don’t look like a terrorist.”
“And what exactly does a terrorist look like, Mr. Gallagher?”
“Shit. That was a stupid thing to say. I’m sorry.”
“I seem to be hearing that phrase quite a bit this evening.”
“Yeah, I guess you are,” he says, rubbing the back of his neck. “Call me Dylan, please, Neveah.”
“How do you know my name?”
“My sister told me.”
“What exactly did she tell you?” I ask, curious since Ellie isn’t my mentor and should have no reason to discuss me with her brother.
“Just your name. I asked her who the gorgeous girl in the red dress was, and she gave me your name. And a warning to stay away from you.”
“Well you are better known for your playing off the court than on it.”
“You wound me. I’ll have you know that I was MVP. That means ‘Most Valuable Player.”
“Did you really just insult my intelligence? And women actually sleep with you?”
“It happens,” he says with a shrug.
“You either have a large penis, which is doubtful, because of your attitude.”
“Hey, now.”
“Or you’re good at what you do.”
“I’ve had no complaints. Back to my dick, though. It’s a decent size.”
“Ah, trying to downplay now. You’re good at reacting. I’ll give you that.”
“I’m also good at shooting a gun.”
“Excuse me?”
“You and the cop were facing off over that gun. Do you want to know how to shoot it?”
“It’s not mine to shoot.”
He walks over to the listing and scribbles something on the paper. “After tonight, it will be. Do you want me to teach you how to shoot it? No strings. We can just be friends.”
“What’s in it for you?”
“If I play my cards right and stop being an ass, maybe I’ll convince you to be more than friends with me.”
“I didn’t think you needed to put out so much effort to get a girl into your bed.”
“I don’t.”
“Oh.”
“Does that ‘oh’ translate to a ‘yes’?”
“It shouldn’t.”
“But?”
“Yes, I’d like to be your friend. And I’d like…I’d like you to teach me how to shoot that gun.”
“Perfect,” he says, handing me his phone. “Give me your number and I’ll text you tomorrow to work out the details.
I shouldn’t be doing this. I should just learn from Faith like I’d planned to. That’s the problem, though. I always do what I plan and what everyone else expects. I want something different this time. Something spontaneous just for me. I want to learn to shoot a gun…and I want Dylan Gallagher. So I put my number in his phone and hope that he’s not playing me.

Find out what happens with Neveah and Dylan in
Society Girls: Neveah, Coming in February 2016!
Acknowledgements
I always thank my girls first, and that will never stop! I love you Dominique, and Gabi! Being your mom brings me so much joy every single day!
To Helen, who sent me a mock-up of a new style of cover (Rhieve’s), which was of course AMAZING! You never cease to wow me with your cover designs, and your friendship! I love you, lady :)
To Jesse, thanks for always going the extra mile with the formatting, and working as fast as you can! I appreciate you more than you’ll ever know!
To Ally, thanks for fixing my commas and trying to make me use proper grammar! You’re a great friend IRL, too!
To my Friends of the Society group, thanks for always giving me your opinions on covers, names, and how fast I’m writing! You guys are the best!
To those of you who said Sierra, Rose, Jenysis, and Wayne needed their own books, thanks for your enthusiasm, and I hope you love them even more when you read their stories!
And I especially want to thank all of you who chose to read this book, and my others! I love my characters and books, and it means the world to me that you’ve fallen in love with them, too!
Those of you who know me and/or follow me on Goodreads, know I’m a huge reader myself! I love to read, and if you’re looking for something great, I’d love to recommend the following authors (many of whom I’m lucky enough to call my friends as well):
Lauren Blakely, Tracy Wolff, Tera Lynn Childs, Codi Gary, Rachel van Dyken, Monica Murphy, Christina Lauren, M. Malone, Jen McLaughlin, Megan Erickson, Sophie Jordan, Jennifer Armentrout, Jay Crownover, Cora Carmack, Christina Lee, Sawyer Bennett, Crista McHugh, Katie Reus, Jessica Lemmon, Lauren Layne, Mira Lyn Kelly, Caisey Quinn, Jamie Shaw, Katee Robert, Tigris Eden, Allison Packard, Brigid Kemmerer, Julie Brannagh, Elle Kennedy, Erin McCarthy, Jennifer Dawson, Claudia Connor.
There are lots more I know I’m forgetting, so I’ll give you a whole new set next month!
About the Author
Crystal Perkins has always been a big reader, but she never thought she would write her own book, until she sat down and did it one day. She lives in Las Vegas, where you can find her running author events and selling books at conventions when she isn’t reading, buying too many Sherlock t-shirts online or finding a place to put all of her Pop! figurines. A mac and cheese connoisseur, she travels the country looking for the perfect version, while attending book conventions and signings as a cover for her research. The Griffin Brothers series and the Corrigan & Co. series are international best sellers, and she’s thankful to the readers who made that happen!

Find her here:
www.crystalperkinsauthor.com
facebook.com/crystalperkinsauthor
@wondermomlv
crystal@crystalperkinsauthor.com
