

Someone To Watch Over Me
Angels of the Realm: Book 1

Laura Shinn

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2010 by: Laura Shinn
All rights reserved
Cover Design by: Laura Shinn Designs
http://laurashinn.yolasite.com 
Edited by: Rebecca J. Vickery and Mike Andrews
ISBN: 978-1-4523-0929-3
[Revised/2019]

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be copied or reproduced in any manner without express written permission of the author. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy or copies. If you did not purchase this book or it was not purchased for your use, please go to Smashwords.com to purchase your personal copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Someone To Watch Over Me is a work of fiction. Though some of the cities and towns actually exist they are used in a fictitious manner for purposes of this work. All characters are works of fiction and any names or characteristics similar to any person past, present or future are coincidental.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Other books available by this author:

FICTION
Someone To Watch Over Me - Angels of the Realm series/Book 1
A Matter of Trust - The Men of Wellington, Texas series/Book One
Nightlife Anthology
Night Hunter
Conceived in Darkness
Chances Are
A Christmas Vow
Underneath the Mistletoe
The Hands of Time

NON-FICTION
Too Late: A Dramatic Play
SIN: Origins, Consequences & Deliverance


To view more of Laura Shinn's stories or cover designs, 
visit: http://laurashinn.yolasite.com 

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

DEDICATION
Mrs. White ~ I learned my lessons well. Thank you 
for your encouragement and showing me 
how to find my inspiration.
I miss you...

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

SPECIAL THANKS
To Mike Andrews for his military expertise and weapon knowledge. 
You helped to make this story believable. Thanks, Mike.

To my mother, who never failed to encourage 
me when I felt lost and small. Mother, 
you are the heart of this story...

To my God and Savior, Jesus Christ...
the reason I have a story to tell. 

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Someone To Watch Over Me

Author, LAURA SHINN will take you on a journey where heavenly creatures of an unseen realm battle for the protection and happiness of mortals. Two worlds collide and an angel must make the most important decision of his existence. The wrong decision will end in his destruction.

Deep within the forest, David-a Guardian-watches over a hunted child and her mother. David has battled, protected and encouraged human authorities for centuries as an Avenging angel, since the dawn of Earth's creation. But now he faces a new challenge?and a new problem. How does an Avenging angel under new assignment become a Guardian, and how should he cope with his growing feelings for Sarah, the child's mother?
Time has run out and a hitman is on their trail. Forced to run, they must find the evidence to protect Nicole before a ruthless killer finds them. Determined to win Sarah's heart and still maintain his heavenly status, David accompanies them on their quest. Will the Lord allow David, Sarah and Nicole to be a family?a mortal one?


Reviews

3.5 Blue Ribbon rating! "Someone To Watch Over Me" In the book "SOMEONE TO WATCH OVER ME", by Laura Shinn, this author takes the reader on a journey of mystery, forbidden romance between a heavenly creature and a human. Once I started the book I found myself not wanting to put it down. This is a book that will keep you intrigued till the last page. 
Romance Junkies

4 Stars! "Someone To Watch Over Me"
"SOMEONE TO WATCH OVER ME by creative author Laura Shinn has everything: suspense, romance and inspiration all tightly woven into a story that you won't soon forget. Ms. Shinn allows tension to mount as she skillfully brings David, Sarah and Nicole to life and tells their amazing story. The Christian theme supports and adds dimension to this most gratifying novel, SOMEONE TO WATCH OVER ME. I am glad to know that this is only the first in Laura Shinn's Angels of the Realm series because I am looking forward to reading more." 
ECataromance

4 Angels! "Someone To Watch Over Me"
"Oh my God, I just loved this book! It spoke to me in so many ways, from romance to the power of never giving up in finding your soul mate. David was a man I loved for his patience, love and moreover, his kindness, since you don't see many men like that. Someone To Watch Over Me by Laura Shinn is not only a great read but has it all. From suspense, action, romance to even the power of faith in a love that seems so impossible, this story makes you realize that with the power of love and hope, anything is possible."
Fallen Angel Reviews

4 Tombstones! "Someone To Watch Over Me"
"This is definitely a Christian book and while that's not my usual genre, I enjoyed it. The characters are well established and very easy to like. The story itself is gripping and I found myself almost on the edge of my chair with tension wondering if the good guys would win in the end. If you're not particularly religious, give this book a try anyway. It's a good thriller." 
Bitten By Books

5 Hearts! "Someone To Watch Over Me"
"Someone to Watch over Me is an incredible tale of deepened feelings, a poignant read that grips the reader. The characters of Sarah and David are remarkable in the way they work together to protect Nicole. Ms. Shinn creates a well-crafted plot with excellent penmanship and intensity that makes the storyline more genuine for the characters. The way she fashions the theme of Angels into this rewarding story makes it even richer. This is an absolute breathtaking read that keeps the pages rapidly turning.
The Romance Studio

5 Stars! "Someone To Watch Over Me"
"They say a picture is worth a 'thousand words'. But can a thousand words paint a picture in the same way? The novel, "Someone To Watch Over Me", by Laura Shinn, is the type of literary work that can accomplish just that! It's a story you won't soon forget! A Christian theme is recurring in skillfully crafted detail throughout the novel as the characters wrestle with their own personal relationship with God. It is an intriguing story that is laden with everything you could desire in a novel of this kind - intense drama, on-the-edge-of-your-seat suspense and action, humor, romance and inspiration. A must-read!
Robert Rose {private reviewer}

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Life is a funny thing when you're six yea When we cried unto the Lord, he heard our voice and sent an angel, 
and hath brought us forth out of Egypt.
Numbers 20:16

Chapter One

Sarah Denison woke with a start only to realize her nightmare was all too real. Once she awoke, she knew it wouldn't get any better.
She rolled her head to the side and noted the time. It was the middle of the night. With a soul-weary sigh, she allowed her eyes to close again. In the state between wakefulness and sleep, Sarah remembered.
Police cars pulled up in front of her home. The grim-faced officers said her daughter, Nicole, had been placed in protective custody after witnessing the murder of her beloved husband, Peter. She was forced to pack in a matter of minutes and leave their home. Two policemen escorted them to a safe house in the forest. She wasn't told where.
Sarah rolled all the way over to her side, bringing her knees up and hugging her pillow close to her chest. She bit her lip to hold back the tears gathering in her eyes.
Here they were, five months later, still waiting to discover who murdered Peter. The waiting would not be so hard if her daughter would open up to her once more. If only Nicole would speak again.
Would this nightmare never end?
Sarah lost the fight as silent tears slipped down her cheeks to soak into her hair. She cried long into the night. Her sleep would be slow in coming.
~*~
From the start this assignment progressed unlike anything David could remember experiencing as an angel. Throughout the many millennia, since the dawn of his existence, he remained obedient and confident in his place in Heaven.
Lately, though, he found himself confused and frightened. To his knowledge, David knew of no other angel-besides Lucifer-who questioned God's plan regarding his own creation. David questioned it now.
After so many years, David discovered his weakness: A desire to feel, truly feel, the human love of another. Angels, like him, anticipated their duties to mankind. Yet, something within his heart began to slowly change. Could he be falling in love? Was this the emotion tugging at his heart? Could this be the explanation for the turmoil he felt with each new dawn?
David's eyes traveled down to the frightened, yet loving woman who slept soundly, her midnight tears spent.
Sarah. His mind spoke her name as a caress.
Sarah's chestnut hair lay across her pillow in tempting disarray. Bright green eyes, closed in healing sleep, drove his heart to madness whenever she smiled. Sarah Denison epitomized life. She radiated joy. Her beauty encompassed every part of her body, spirit and soul.
As the months of his assignment expired, he watched her joy of living fight daily with a powerful need to simply give up and submit to despair. Sarah's surface emotions remained calm and pleasant. Inside, her soul ached. The daily temptation was great to ease her deeply-etched sorrow, but he knew it to be a forbidden path.
A fierce need to offer some form of comfort compelled him, a demand so intense he could not ignore it. Without thought, David reached out to touch the softness of Sarah's cheek. Seeing his strong immortal fingers against the soft velvet of her skin snapped his focus back where it belonged. He snatched his hand away before the warmth of her touch could tempt him further.
Shaking his head slightly, he closed his eyes, blocking her image from view. With a frustrated sigh, her beautiful face appeared in his mind's eye. David wasn't afraid of Sarah as a woman, but did confess she made him feel a surprising vulnerability. The need to protect her in a personal way caused his heart to feel guilt and shame.
David opened his eyes but forced them to turn away from Sarah. Retreating with haste into the dimension meant for angelic creatures, where mortal eyes could not see, he levitated from the floor. His shoulder-length auburn hair and white sarong whipped wildly. He was still within the room but set apart so he could observe without being seen.
David took in a controlled breath, letting it out slowly. "I must beware of these feelings. They could bring pain to others as well."
His gaze shifted to Sarah's seven-year-old daughter. Nicole Denison was his latest assignment. Her coloring mirrored Sarah's, soft brown hair and eyes that must have come from her father. They were a startling clear blue, reminiscent of a bright, summer sky.
David drew nearer, his brow knit in speculation. The child refused to sleep anywhere other than her mother's side. Since witnessing the brutal murder of her father five months ago, Nicole refused to speak. Nor would she smile, even when her mother tried so tirelessly to encourage it.
Sarah's tearful broken prayer was the reason he'd been sent. He was to remain Nicole's Guardian until her crisis was resolved. Once his assignment was complete, he would be expected to leave his charges behind...as he had done before.
Yet, how could he leave them? To stay would be disobedient. And he refused to go against God's wishes. He'd never given the Lord a reason to discipline him. He vowed he wouldn't now, even though his feelings for mother and daughter grew day by day.
The ache in his chest sent him from the bedroom in the secluded cabin. He remained close by, though, in case he was needed. The night wind beckoned and he left his dimension behind. Seconds later his feet soundlessly touched the damp ground as the warm, evening breeze ruffled his hair.
David closed his eyes and breathed in the scents of the night. The honeysuckle growing nearby released the strongest smell, yet the trees and grass bore a unique fragrance all their own. He loved it all. God created a beautiful planet for mankind, more beautiful than any of the others throughout the universe. Oh, how he longed to experience it more, one day as a mortal man.
His brow knit in confusion and David opened his eyes. He looked down upon the long, unfamiliar sarong he wore. Guardian. It felt strange to be called by that name. This assignment was unfamiliar. His normal duties leaned more toward protecting men or women in positions of power. Such was the role of an Avenging angel. Previously, when he still bore the honorable title, he wanted so much more. Even in the beginning, before Adam and Eve were cast out.
Regardless of the consequences, he dreamed of a different love and harbored an earnest longing to be a physical and permanent part of the lives of Sarah and Nicole Denison. Although he longed to be human, he would always remember this time with Sarah and little Nicole-no matter what happened.
Shame filled his heart and David lowered his head and closed his eyes once more. The scolding he issued himself was fierce and uncompromising. He cared for Sarah and Nicole in a way strictly forbidden by angelic law. Even though these rebellious new feelings grew with each hour he spent in their presence, he would not allow himself to sin. David would not follow the same path as Lucifer. There must be another way.
Desperate eyes rose to the heavens, the stars brilliantly lit against the twilight sky. David thrust his arms open wide. "What am I to do? This love I feel is unexplainable. It is simply impossible!" His voice echoed into the night and David wondered why there was no heavenly response.
Perhaps he knew the answer already, he thought as his arms slowly lowered to his sides. Neither woman nor child had physically seen him. The love he felt for mother and daughter was blessedly one-sided. He alone suffered.
A small cry from within the cabin caught his attention. David flew with lightning speed to their bedside. His chest tightened painfully when he saw Nicole's frantic eye movements as she slept. Another whimper of distress escaped her lips. He may not have a human soul, but he possessed a heart. Right now it hurt painfully. This need to connect with Nicole could not be overcome. He must do something to ease her pain.
Ever so gently, David touched the child's warm forehead. He saw her dreams and cringed. Sadness filled his heart at the loss of her innocence and trust. Nicole dwelt in constant fear. She never left her mother's side, even when her mortal protectors were close by.
Reaching deep into Nicole's mind, he emptied it of the nightmares caused by her father's murder. Her eye movements ceased and her breathing calmed. Using his angelic influence, he chose a memory within Nicole's mind of happier times when she was younger and her father still alive.
Nicole smiled gently in her sleep and David's heart warmed with pleasure. With the completion of this assignment, when the murderer was brought to earthly justice, how would David find the strength of will to turn away and leave these two precious people behind?
"How, Lord? How?" David whispered into the quiet of the room. Not anticipating an answer from his master, he turned on his heel, away from the bed. Once he reached the room's only window, he lifted an edge of the dark blue drapes and stared blindly into the night. Searching for a way.
~*~
Nicole awoke, opening her eyes to slits when she heard a soft, sad voice. Her eyes focused and remained on the strong man looking through the window. He was very tall. She wasn't afraid of him. He wore a beautiful white robe wrapped around his waist that glowed like her nightlight and a thick gold belt. Even though he didn't move, the gold in the belt winked at her, making her smile. Nicole's eyes widened at the huge white, glowing wings on his back. He must be my Guardian angel. Nicole felt safe for the first time in many months.
As if her stare caused a noise within the quiet of the room, the angel turned his head toward the bed. His eyes opened wide for a second, as if surprised. Then with a sigh, he smiled. Nicole echoed the gesture and a comforting peace put her heart and mind at rest.
"Sleep," he commanded in a deep, yet softly compelling voice.
Without question or argument, Nicole closed her eyes and obeyed.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

He will command his angels concerning you to 
guard you in all your ways.
Psalm 91:11

Chapter Two

Sarah jerked upright in bed, searching quickly for her daughter. When she didn't find her on the bed, she panicked.
Blinking the sleep from her eyes, she searched the room with haste. Within seconds she located her little girl. Nicole stood silent and motionless off to the side of their bedroom window, her back and head resting against the sunken edge of its frame. Her head sat tilted slightly to one side, watching the sunrise. Wasn't she? Even from here, Sarah could see her searching the grounds outside. Yet, there was no sign of fear on Nicole's face.
Sarah's eyes narrowed, taking a closer look at her daughter's face, though mostly in profile. Her eyes widened in shock. Nicole was smiling. Not the open, carefree grin she once wore but a smile of contentment, of inner peace. Dare she hope..?
"Nicole, honey?"
Nicole turned and met her with calm eyes, another shock to her system. Usually Nicole's eyes reflected fear or, at the very least, unease whenever someone spoke to her. Sometimes, even when Sarah spoke. More than anything else she'd faced, seeing fear in Nicole broke Sarah's heart.
Her daughter's smile grew as she left the window and crawled up on the bed to deliver a welcoming hug. Sarah bit back the tears threatening her eyes as Nicole hugged her with such ferocity.
There was so much pain and sadness. So much death.
Sarah tweaked Nicole's nose causing her to giggle slightly. Sarah appreciated the reward. This morning's show of affection answered one of many prayers she sent up over the last several months. Nicole was slowly emerging from her protective shell. Sarah wondered what happened to release the fear Nicole had lived with for so long.
Instantly, she felt it again, a third presence when she and her daughter were alone. Or were they? Her brow wrinkled with intense concentration. Reaching out with a mother's sixth sense, her head tilted at an angle. The presence didn't feel evil. Her spirit would've known right away. She'd felt this presence for several months now, as if she and Nicole were being constantly watched and protected-loved.
Months ago, when they first arrived at the cabin, Sarah felt hunted every time she turned a corner. This seemed completely different. The sensation felt warm, like an inner warmth traveling through every part of her body and soul.
Sarah shook her head to clear it. Maybe these feelings were from the Holy Spirit, to ease her pain. It would explain so much.
Or maybe this feeling came from something, or someone, else. She couldn't shake the idea from her mind.
Deciding to temporarily dismiss those confusing feelings, she grasped Nicole's hand and took care of necessities in the bathroom.
Moments after they finished dressing in the small bedroom, one of the two policemen knocked on their door.
"Come in." Sarah wrapped her arm around Nicole's shoulder and waited.
Louis peeked around the door and gave the girls a friendly wolf whistle. "Only you two gorgeous ladies could look this good so early in the morning."
"Tease," Sarah admonished with a friendly smile.
Louis Felding, a handsome man in his late thirties, stood less than six feet with a thick swatch of brown hair, streaked lightly with silver. Although average height, his muscular build and trim waist proved he was a fit man. Kind, brown eyes smiled at Sarah, unusual for a worldly cop. He never failed to be patient and funny and Sarah truly appreciated the attention he gave them, especially to little Nicole. Over the months Louis became a good and reliable friend.
Nicole wrapped herself around her mother's waist. Sarah looked down sadly. The newly won smile her daughter wore only seconds ago disappeared from her face as she hid behind her mother's body. Sarah understood it wasn't Louis' fault, but she still couldn't bear seeing her daughter return to a stony silence.
Poor Louis wanted so much to befriend Nicole and received only silence and distrust in return. At least he tries, she told herself.
The other officer assigned to protect them, Jimmy Hamlin, hardly ever spoke to herself or Nicole. From what she could tell, he spoke only with Louis, and not very often. He seemed to forever be checking the grounds. Well, what did she know of police procedures? After all, he was being paid to protect Nicole and herself until the murderer could be found. His lack of kindness or attention should make no real difference. As long as Nicole remained safe, nothing else truly mattered.
Louis came closer at a non-threatening pace then lowered himself to one knee. When he reached Nicole's eye level, he winked and smiled engagingly.
"How about some sunshine, Nicole? Would you like to play for a while outside with your mother?"
Nicole raised emotionless eyes to her mother who smiled and nodded her approval of the idea. Nicole nodded once, released her mother's waist and returned to stare through the window as if searching for something.
Louis stood. Keeping his voice low, he leaned close to Sarah. "Give me ten minutes to take a look around outside then I'll come get you."
"Okay. And Louis," she called before he could turn away completely. "Thank you for trying so hard with Nicole. Believe it or not, I think she's beginning to respond to our attempts to make her speak again."
"I hope so. Not just for reasons regarding the case. It's unhealthy and unnatural for a child not to run and play. And smile," he added with a frown when he looked over to the solemn child by the window.
Because she needed to tell someone, she admitted quietly, "She did this morning, Louis. Smile, I mean. For the first time since all of this began. I don't know why, but whatever the reason, I'm grateful."
Beyond the human realm, David listened to the adult's conversation while hovering close to Nicole's side. His heart warmed at Sarah's words. It didn't matter if she didn't know he was the reason for Nicole's smile. And this he knew for a fact, though he didn't mean to be seen by the child. Only Nicole's improvement and Sarah's joy of the situation mattered.
He watched the protector, Louis, nod his thanks to Sarah and leave. A minute later he could be seen through the window searching the wooded area surrounding the small four-room cabin. 
Louis searched outside and at the edge of the forest for any suspicious-looking tracks. He turned his back to the cabin, in case anyone looked out the window and checked the ammo in his magazine before popping it back into his Colt .45 ACP. He and Jimmy requested extra ammo for their handguns before being sent to the cabin to guard Nicole and Sarah. 
Running a hand through his hair, Louis wondered exactly how much longer they'd be stuck at this cabin. Nearly five months of waiting for Nicole to speak or information regarding her father's murderer to surface took its toll on Louis' nerves. After the murder they brought in Vincent Moretti for questioning since Nicole's father was murdered in his warehouse. Forty-eight hours later they were forced to release him when they found no evidence after a thorough sweep.
When Louis thought of Moretti, his gut hurt. That was a bad sign. It meant something or someone was dirty. This was his case and Jimmy agreed they should hide the girls and not tell a soul their location. At this point, Louis didn't know who to trust. 
The Captain's unit had been working this case for all these months and they were no closer to finding the murderer. Louis vowed if something major didn't show up regarding this case in the next week, he'd put a call in to Captain Biggs and find out what the hell was going on with the case. They couldn't go on like this indefinitely.
Finishing his sweep of the grounds, he jogged back to the cabin. 
Louis swung the door open in a grand gesture then rubbed his hands together. "All right, ladies. Time for a breath of fresh air."
He led the way to a semi-clear and open area, fifty feet from the house. They found only two toys at the cabin, a football and a Barbie doll. He held the football with both hands, preparing to throw it. He would try once more and see if Nicole would play.
"Okay, Nicole! Think you can catch it?"
Sarah looked down. Her daughter stood motionless and close to her side, her expression closed. Sarah would once more be her daughter's hands.
Sarah sighed deeply, moving Nicole in front of her body. "Help Mommy catch the ball, honey. Here we go." She motioned to Louis.
David watched from the air over Louis' shoulder as Nicole closed herself off from everyone. She didn't even blink when the ball soared her way. It was as if she didn't really care whether the ball hit her or not. Sarah caught the ball easily and returned the toss.
This must end. Nicole would eventually become physically ill if she didn't overcome the fear she kept deep inside. She needed to smile and relax. She needed to be a child again.
David knew the law. He was to remain unseen unless absolutely necessary. He glanced down at little Nicole and defended this decision. It was necessary, for Nicole's health and peace of mind.
Permitting himself to be seen by Nicole alone, he waited for her recognition. She did so instantly. Her smile was a welcome sight.
Louis waited for Nicole to show some sign of life when, suddenly, she did! He straightened in stunned silence, his mouth hanging open.
"What?" Sarah asked fearfully then followed his eyes down to Nicole. She gasped in surprise.
David raised out-stretched arms toward Nicole, showing her what to do. "Play," he commanded gently and smiled. With a single nod, David motioned to Louis.
Nicole bobbed her head up and down eagerly and raised her arms in obedience. She bestowed on Louis her first smile.
Louis beamed with happiness. "Great, kiddo! Now, here it comes!"
Sarah blinked through her happy tears at her daughter who easily caught the football. The Lord gave my child back to me.
In a flash, Sarah felt a familiar presence. A warm sensation traveled up her spine. Not Louis-someone else. The sensation didn't frighten her. Sarah felt strangely comforted. It reached out to soothe her tired soul and she felt contentment for the first time in ages.
A warm breeze reached out to caress her cheeks and blew through her hair, drawing it backward. Sarah closed her eyes and sighed. The warm touch of the gentle wind felt good against her skin, as if caressed. How she loved warm, breezy days. Sometimes she closed her eyes when the wind rushed over her and pretended to fly.
David felt the breath of Sarah's sigh leave her body and he watched her eyes close in pleasure. It was uncanny how wonderful he felt by pleasing Sarah. The simplest things made her smile, such as the angelic breath from his body-a breeze to mortals-or the whispery touch of his hand against her cheek. His expression of love and devotion she believed to be a part of nature. If only Sarah knew the truth...
"Heads up, Sarah!" Louis called before launching the football her way. She caught it at the last second then laughed.
Sarah withheld tears of joy at the incredible sound of Nicole's answering laughter. It was a day for miracles.
~*~
"I want the child found," the cruel, passionless voice spoke into the phone. "I don't care about the woman, she saw nothing." The man subconsciously squeezed the cold, plastic phone in his powerful hand, his patience running thin.
"You have the resources at your disposal and I expect results. I pay you too well to come up empty-handed. I'll give you one more week then I want an answer to the child's location. If I don't get the information by then I'll be visiting your immediate family. At your funeral," the man bit out through gritted teeth. Taking a deep, calming breath, he hung up the phone without slamming it down. He absolutely despised people who could not keep their cool in desperate circumstances. It was uncouth.
He looked leisurely around the room at the expensive furnishings and felt pride at what he'd accumulated over the last decade. Not many men with his humble beginnings could claim such a fortune before the age of forty.
The expensive leather chair squeaked as he leaned forward to stand. The thick carpet cushioned his Italian leather shoes when he walked over to the dual windows behind his desk.
Beyond this mansion, men on his payroll guarded these grounds, his warehouses across the country and sat in high government positions. A crooked twist of his lips formed a menacing smile. All of them were nothing more than a pack of trained dogs who would obey his every command. The feeling of power exhilarated him, rivaling a sexual high.
His contact in the police department was being paid an outrageous sum of money for information on the location of Nicole Denison. For such payment he demanded immediate results. He expected it from anyone who worked for him.
His smile faded. Time was running out. The authorities and their investigation were entirely too close for his peace of mind. With the child properly disposed of, there wouldn't be a witness to Peter Denison's murder.
Such a shame?the innocent man had the worst of timing, coming upon the meeting by accident. Yet, after overhearing part of the damning details, which would put a swift end to his chosen career, Peter Denison couldn't be allowed to live. 
And who would've imagined his daughter would follow him inside and hide. He detested it when the innocent stuck their noses into his affairs. The inconvenience of the situation left a bitter taste in his mouth.
Nevertheless, he expected it to be settled soon, putting his worries at an end. 
The man returned back to his plush chair and reached for a cigar, eager for the flavored smoke to sooth his irritation. Lighting it, he puffed slowly, enjoying the smell of Cuba's finest cigar. He took a deep breath and sighed. 
Once his hired man dealt with Nicole Denison, his peace of mind would be restored.
~*~
A week passed since Nicole's dramatic change and she got better with each day. Yesterday evening during supper, Nicole told her mother, "Thank you," out of reflex when someone handed her the green beans. Everyone at the table froze, even the quiet Jimmy, staring at Nicole in surprise. Then Sarah's quiet, "You're welcome," put everyone back in motion.
Several words were spoken earlier this morning as well. Her reply to the question, "How are you feeling today?" and a brief, "Excuse me," when she burped after breakfast. Each word, each smile was another victory slowly freeing her daughter from the dark cloud destroying her exuberant personality. Even her nightmares miraculously ceased.
Louis' constant encouragement gave Sarah more peace of mind and she couldn't help but like him. In many ways, he reminded her of Peter. She and Peter were best friends growing up before finding a rare love years later. Peter loved the Lord to his dying breath and Sarah was comforted in her grief knowing he was in Heaven.
Though Louis did more for her than she could ever repay, Sarah couldn't picture anything more than a deep friendship with him. She finally understood he was interested in her as a woman after what happened two nights ago.
Much of the stress she'd tried to deal with in the last few months overcame her and Sarah hid away in the kitchen to cry. Jimmy was outside again, somewhere, and Nicole lay napping in their room.
Louis entered the kitchen without a sound. She didn't even know he was there until he called her name softly. Sarah turned in surprise to find him several feet away. Without much thought, she walked right into his opened arms, seeking comfort from her heartache.
As her tears quieted, she tried to pull away only to be held securely. Sarah raised her head in confusion and felt a strange disquiet at the expression on his face. His hand rose to lightly touch her cheek, traveling down until he held her chin.
Although he released her soon afterward, she'd felt disturbed and even a little embarrassed. She couldn't explain her sense of betrayal. Strangely, it wasn't Peter's memory she felt she'd dishonored. It was someone else. But that was crazy, wasn't it? She didn't understand the feeling at all.
No one showed more kindness to Nicole than Louis, from the moment the police arrived at her home. He proved over and over the depth of his friendship on a daily basis. Yet, she knew he wanted more. She simply couldn't love him the way he wanted and she never would. They were going to have to talk...soon. She cared about his friendship too much to lead him on in any way.
Nicole and Louis were outside playing some sort of sword game. Sarah watched them through the living room window, absently wiping her hands on a kitchen towel. Their relationship still surprised Sarah. Is this the same child who only a week ago was still locked up in her grief, refusing to bestow a carefree smile or utter a word for months on end?
She turned away, a smile tugging at her lips. There was an evening meal to finish. She wasn't obligated to cook, or so she'd been told. Yet, she insisted. After two nights of Louis' cooking and Jimmy's one attempt, she took the bull by the horns, the wooden spoon from Louis' hand and banished them from the kitchen. Louis laughed outright. Even Jimmy cracked a crooked grin as they deserted the kitchen, intelligent enough to not to complain if they wanted edible food.
Besides, cooking helped keep her mind and hands busy.
Outside, within the realm of supernatural creatures, David hovered easily as he watched over Nicole. He wasn't visible at the moment and didn't need to be. The man, Louis, was a good protector. And Nicole, under his kind attention, progressed at a normal rate. Nicole smiled often and spoke several times a day. David was pleased with her recovery. She deserved so much happiness.
David turned his head in time to see Sarah looking out the kitchen window. His eyes followed her retreating back as she turned away. How he wished he could see beyond the cabin walls as easily as he passed through them. Even angels were given limitations.
Though Sarah was human and needed human contact and love, David's heart ached nonetheless when he remembered the sweet embrace Sarah shared with Louis. He wished for one brief moment in time to be human as well. A man with a soul and something to offer his beloved. Then it would be possible for him to share Sarah's life, experience her love and return it wholeheartedly. 
However, such was not the case. Nor could it ever be.
David looked up towards the heavens, recognizing the Lord's voice inside his head. Immediately, he knelt on one knee. The Lord's words filtered down to him in the instant he spoke.
Prepare for battle. Evil comes with the dawn.
David lowered his head in confirmation and understanding. Earthly evil did not exist on its own. It was conceived and carried out from the minds and will of Satan's minions. Before the evil men arrived, there would first be a battle in the air. Only the victor there would find victory later at the cabin. Victory was his intention and sworn vow. He would not fail.
Because it was imperative Nicole listen and obey his command, David appeared before the child and spoke calmly, but with authority.
"Go inside. Stay there with your mother and protectors. Leave for no reason until I return. Do this now."
"Yes, I will," Nicole answered, entirely too serious for a child her age.
Louis' head popped up from his position on the ground. Nicole stood over him with her wooden stick, or pretend sword, against his chest. Louis, the bad guy, lay defeated.
Louis smiled and asked, "Will what, Nicole?"
His humor faded quickly when he noticed her attention was focused not on him but on the tops of the forest trees above his head. Who is she speaking to?
Nicole never answered. With the speed of the very young, she turned quickly and, like a shot, ran the twenty-five feet toward the cabin.
Alarmed by the drastic change in her behavior, Louis rolled quickly to his feet and pulled his .45 from his belt holster, following right on her heels. A quick search around them revealed nothing. What spooked Nicole? To his surprise, she quickly closed and locked the door behind him. She looked as cool as a cucumber. What the devil is going on?
Confused by her actions and lack of fear, he turned and asked breathlessly, "Nicole, are you okay?"
In a charged whisper, she said, "No one can leave the cabin! We all have to stay inside until I say."
Relief washed over him in powerful waves. Quietly, he holstered his handgun. A game. All of this was a simple child's game...and it took about ten years off his life.
Louis placed his hands on his hips loosely and asked in a mock serious voice, "What if the cabin's on fire? Can we leave then?"
Nicole didn't smile. In fact, the question seemed to alarm her and Louis opened his mouth to put her fears at ease.
Sarah spoke from the kitchen doorway. "Why should we stay inside, honey?" Sarah wiped the last of the water from her hands on the old dish towel and laid it aside. She knew her daughter too well. Something was wrong.
"Because he told us to."
The adults exchanged a blank look. "Who, Louis?"
Nicole rolled her eyes. Sometimes grownups weren't very smart. "No, Mommy. My Guardian angel."
Sarah looked over to Louis and saw him release a heavy breath and relax. She, however, did not. She knew better, knew angels truly existed. Throughout time, their deeds were clearly recorded in her worn and well-read Bible.
"Come here, honey." Sarah opened her arms. She wrapped them comfortably around her daughter. "How long has your angel been talking to you?"
"About a week, I guess. Why, Mommy?"
Sarah remembered her frightened daughter's first smile, remembered the slight nod she believed to be for Louis. She remembered all the times Nicole seemed to speak to an imaginary friend. Now she wondered if she was wrong.
"I was only curious," Sarah reassured her daughter with a gentle hug. "Mommy wanted to thank your angel for taking such good care of us." She swallowed nervously. "Is he in the room right now?"
Nicole's smile vanished, which gave Sarah her answer.
"No. He told us to stay inside until he returns. Do you think something bad is about to happen?"
That was certainly a loaded question. She couldn't answer her daughter past the lump of fear in her throat. Her frightened eyes rose to Louis.
He easily read her expression. "Not if Jimmy and I have anything to say about it," he answered Nicole but kept his focus steady on Sarah.
Louis' face changed suddenly at the mention of Jimmy and he left the living room quickly, searching the cabin. He returned a few seconds later and met Sarah's questioning stare. He shook his head. Jimmy was nowhere to be found.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

See that you do not look down on one of these little ones. For I 
tell you that their angels in heaven always see 
the face of my Father in heaven.   
Matthew 18:10

Chapter Three

David took one last look at Sarah and Nicole. While Sarah read at the end of the sofa, Nicole slept with her head resting on her mother's side. For their sake he could not fail. This battle would only have one outcome-victory.
He admitted to personal reasons behind this fight. He would be at war until eternity expired before he sacrificed Sarah and Nicole to the evil wanting them dead.
The battle was at hand. David flew straight up with lightning speed, through the cabin's roof and into the turbulent clouds rolling in quickly and quietly.
Angels from the Lord's realm did not have the power to control earth's elements unless God overrode Satan's dominion over the earth and allowed them to do so. Since the fall of Adam and Eve, Satan maintained control and power over the air surrounding the earth. Always during a supernatural battle, Satan's minions would create an angry storm with raging elements displaying an ominous power in the sky, disguising the battle within.
Time to begin. Unsheathing his powerful sword of the purest gold, David flew through the gathering storm and saw the waiting demon who promised sure death to Sarah and Nicole if victorious. David ground his jaw, setting his mind and determination to win. There would be only one victor this day, he vowed once again.
In a clear and resonant voice rising above the sound of the black storm, David declared with authority, "I am the Lord God's arm of vengeance! This day He commands you to be defeated in His name!"
The demon's black sword was already drawn and ready, sharpened until it gleamed like obsidian. The fallen creature's skin was a dull black, as if burned and charred. Red eyes burned at David with hatred and the demon smiled with malice, revealing pointed, black teeth.
With a righteous cry as loud as the crashing thunder surrounding him, David rushed toward his opponent, his sword swinging forward. Muscles bulged as he struck his mighty sword against the demon's black blade, sending an explosion of blinding white light throughout the sky.
~*~
It took barely three minutes for Jimmy to come running for the cabin door. Louis had searched outside the cabin and found him, following closely on his heels. When Jimmy asked about the emergency, no one could explain why they must all stay indoors. Jimmy looked at each adult with a suspicious frown but shrugged nonetheless. That was only a few hours ago and now sunset approached.
Sarah cuddled Nicole as she slept, the two sitting at the end of the sofa. The words Sarah read in her romance novel were meaningless and several times she caught herself reading the same paragraph, obviously distracted. She'd read this book more times than she could count. It was good, granted, but why bother? Romance and the life-long love of a man were things God apparently didn't want for her future.
Nicole stirred a little in her sleep and Sarah reached out to soothe her daughter, running her fingers through her child's thick curls. Holding Nicole's sleeping head stationary, Sarah moved to stand and gently eased her sleeping child to lay prone on the sofa. Nicole moaned and moved a bit but did not wake.
Sarah walked in her socks to the front window and looked up. Thick black and gray storm clouds gathered overhead. She jerked, startled, when a brilliant white light flashed through the clouded mass, streaking across the sky. An explosive boom of thunder followed immediately and shook the cabin walls. Worried by the noise, Sarah peered over her shoulder but Nicole continued to sleep peacefully. How strange. Loud noises of any kind, thunderstorms especially, terrified Nicole. Sometimes, if the thunder was too loud, Nicole would cry and hide in her mother's arms until it was over.
Yet, there she lay, asleep as if she didn't have a care in the world. Her daughter's words came back suddenly. 
Is her fear lessened by the presence of her angel? Is her angel so powerful and convincing that Nicole feels no fear of the thunderstorm? Or of their present situation?
Sarah's eyes wandered back to watch the play of lightning as it burst through the clouds, reaching out desperately for the ground. The sun finally sank below the horizon which made the storm clouds even more menacing. It's peculiar how the storm appeared so unexpectedly only minutes after Nicole's warning from her angel.
Did this storm have something to do with the danger they faced? Sarah shook her head. What a ridiculous notion. Of course, this was before Nicole witnessed her father's murder and before she'd seen her Guardian angel.
Could it be possible Nicole spoke to one of God's heavenly beings? She remembered seeing on TV many different accounts from Christians and non-Christians alike of being visited or rescued by an angel. The remote possibility that Nicole might have a Guardian angel shouldn't be frightening. She believed in God and Christ, therefore she believed in their world! Of course, seeing was believing. And she couldn't claim to ever seeing an angel. Yet, on faith, she knew they existed.
A warm hand dropped gently on her shoulder, causing her to jump. Sarah turned away from the window and smiled apologetically at Louis. He returned her smile and moved his hand from her shoulder to cup her neck, his thumb tenderly grazing the smooth column. The feeling was not repulsive, but it was unwelcome. She simply didn't share his feelings.
She reached up and took his hand away from her neck. Though she smiled, her eyes were quite serious when she said, "We need to talk."
Louis nodded and they sat side by side at the end of the sofa facing the window. For reasons she couldn't define, Sarah needed to see the storm raging outside. This feeling of connection with the storm couldn't be explained, but it lingered, regardless of logic.
A quick glance around the room revealed they were alone, except for a sleeping Nicole. Louis answered her unspoken question.
"Jimmy's in there playing with the laptop satellite link again. He wants to make sure we can send a clear and quick GPS signal...if we ever have to. Personally, I think he just likes messing with the thing. I caught him playing Solitaire the other day."
Sarah smiled briefly, accepting his attempt to put her in a good mood. She clasped her hands together, keeping them in her lap. She opened her mouth to speak, a bittersweet sadness in her eyes when Louis raised a hand to stop her words.
"I think I know what you're going to say. Please don't. Not yet. I know this is the worst possible time to start something. But Sarah," Louis stopped to swallow. His resolve firmed and he looked her squarely in the eye. "I care about you and Nicole. It's that simple."
Sarah groaned silently. Not just herself, but Nicole too. Nicole was the one person in this world she would do anything for. Louis struck using her only weakness, though she didn't question his integrity. She truly believed he cared for them. Louis was not only a good man, but he could keep them safe.
Should she allow Louis a more personal place in their lives? Nicole needed a father figure and she needed someone who cared about her needs as a woman. Sarah looked up and searched his face, his eyes and his heart. Although she wasn't attracted to him, she liked and respected everything he stood for. Louis was a good man, a great friend and he'd make a loving father. Yet, something in her heart said No, this isn't the man for me. Sarah's eyes widened when Louis leaned forward, his eyes on her mouth.
As he drew closer, Sarah felt the soft brush of his lips against hers. Seconds later, he broke the kiss. Her lack of response surely gave Louis his answer. He isn't the man God chose for me. Maybe there are no second chances for love in life.
Louis drew back and their eyes met. He saw no regret, no confusion and no desire in her eyes at all. Only kindness and a sad kind of intensity, as if she wanted to feel something in his kiss but felt nothing. He couldn't be angry, not with Sarah. Yet, he was understandably disappointed.
"It's all right, Sarah. Maybe someday, when all of this is over..."
Sarah only shook her head. "Oh, Louis. Time won't change how I feel. When Peter and I first met, we were friends. Yet, I was attracted to him, even then. I fought the attraction for several years, fearing he didn't feel the same. With you, I feel only a deep friendship. I always will, Louis. But I can't act on something I don't feel inside. I'm sorry."
Taking a deep breath into his lungs, Louis smiled and stood. "Don't be sorry. I had to try. You're a good woman, Sarah. I only wish...well, I was good enough for you."
"Don't sell yourself short, Louis. I think you're a special guy. And somewhere out there is the woman God chose just for you. Give Him some time to set you up."
Louis burst out laughing. "I didn't know God ran a dating service."
Sarah smiled and stood, facing him. "Of course. He did create Eve for Adam, didn't he?"
"Yeah. And look how that turned out." Both laughed easily.
Louis reached out and gently grazed the edge of Sarah's hair then took a step back. "I'm going outside to get some more wood before it rains. This storm is bound to make it cold tonight."
"All right," Sarah agreed with a smile.
At one time, Louis touching her face or hair would have unsettled her, but now it felt comfortable. It was the touch of a close and loving friend. Sarah watched him go, her smile disappearing. The destination of Louis' soul concerned Sarah. He didn't know the Lord. She needed to tell him about the gift of the Lord's grace. Soon.
Like a magnet, Sarah's head turned and she was drawn back to the window. She gazed upward as high as the window would allow and witnessed a powerful streak of lightning as it flashed across the sky. Thunder sounded, though less ominous now, with a delay of a few seconds. The storm was moving away. Maybe it wouldn't rain after all.
With one final flash of lightning, brightening the entire room, the vicious storm subsided. Sarah breathed a sigh of relief as the turbulent winds eased the gray-black clouds farther and farther away from the little cabin.
Normally, storms didn't bother her. In fact, she found them exhilarating. Yet, this storm wasn't a simple storm. It felt different. What could be its purpose other than to quench the ground's thirst, for not a drop of rain fell to the ground? Why? She didn't have an answer. It seemed crazy, but she stayed firm in the instincts warning her something monumental existed outside, high up in those rolling thunder clouds.
Maybe Nicole's mention of her Guardian angel began the compilation of questions in her head. Not a single question found a satisfactory answer. One thing was for certain, Sarah wanted to be present the next time Nicole's angel made an appearance.
Quite suddenly the clouds dispersed and the evening moon glowed down on the little cabin. Radiant stars were already visible. The quick change in the weather left Sarah unsettled. Something supernatural must be at work here, something she couldn't explain but felt deep in her spirit.
Louis came in from outside with an armload of wood. Without a word, he worked to build a fire in the old-fashioned woodstove. Sarah watched him for a moment then turned back toward the window.
She blinked in astonishment and her jaw dropped. For a split second in the heavens, she could've sworn she saw a streak of thin white light fall from the sky down to the roof of the cabin, just like a shooting star. It wasn't lightning; the sky remained crystal clear. Her brow wrinkled in suspicion. 
Turning her head, Sarah's eyes found Nicole still asleep on the sofa. Her suspicions mounted as Nicole moved her head to one side, as if reacting to a gentle touch against her cheek.
Slowly, her daughter's eyes opened. A second later, her face raised and lit up like a lighthouse beacon. Her arms reached out, as if to embrace a loved one.
Her Guardian angel. Sarah believed. Didn't she say earlier she'd felt the angel's presence for the last several months?
Without making a sound, Sarah walked over to the couch. Nicole's eyes drifted away from the ceiling and found her mother's. Sarah wondered if Nicole's gaze followed her angel's.
"Is your Guardian angel here, honey?" Sarah held her breath, waiting for an answer. The space in front of the sofa appeared empty. Or was it?
"Yes, Mommy," she replied matter-of-factly. "He's smiling at you."
He. That fact sunk in first. Then him smiling...at her. She removed the stunned expression from her face and smiled at the alleged empty space. In her heart, Sarah laughed with joy. This is the presence I felt all along! This angel was the one watching over them, protecting them. She felt him on more than one occasion. Amazingly, she could feel his presence in the room right now.
"Thank you, dear angel. Thank you for all you've done for my daughter...and me," she added with sincerity, tears blurring her vision. Absently, she wiped them away.
Without thinking, and because David was incapable of ignoring Sarah in the face of her tears, he said, "David. I am the Archangel David. And you, beloved Sarah, are most welcome."
Nicole giggled. "Oh, Mommy, he's so neat! David said, 'You, beloved Sarah, are most welcome'. Isn't he great?"
Sarah gasped in the quiet of the room. The strength of his presence saturated the room until she could feel his angelic eyes on her face. The feeling left a tingling up her spine she could not ignore. Not because she'd just been introduced to an angel, but because of his response. Beloved was a term usually reserved for spouses or family. Did he care so very much?
More questions remained, questions she intended to have answered. Oh, how she wished she could see him! Though, it didn't matter. In her heart, she knew he was real.
In all sincerity, she said, "Thank you, David."
A masculine throat cleared from the other side of the room and David chastised himself for forgetting his audience. He could not afford to be so careless.
To Nicole he promised, "I will always be near." He smiled in reassurance then turned his head toward Sarah. After a long moment, he disappeared from Nicole's sight.
"Goodbye," Nicole whispered and two sets of adult eyes were immediately drawn to the empty space, watching for something?any sign whatsoever of a physical presence. Nothing moved or changed, but Sarah knew. She knew.
~*~
"He's gone." Sarah spoke it as a statement. Kneeling alongside the sofa, not wanting to occupy the space she believed the angel David might still inhabit, Sarah brushed her daughter's hair lovingly.
Nicole looked infinitely sad. "Yes, I guess. I mean, I can't see him now, but he promised to stay close by."
Happiness and relief flooded through Sarah at Nicole's words. She'd never really felt safe before, even with the officers guarding them at this safe house. Yet, she believed neither she nor her daughter would come to any harm. The Lord sent them an angel to watch over them and keep them safe.
Louis sighed dramatically, a hand wiping imaginary sweat from his brow. "Whew! That's a relief. It's a good thing you have some extra help, kiddo. We mere humans can only do so much."
"It's getting late, almost eight," Sarah declared and stood. "I think I'll go finish supper. Nicole, wash up, please."
"Yes, Mommy," she chirped and skipped out of the room.
"Good idea. I'll wash up in the kitchen and give you a hand," Louis replied and followed Sarah through the kitchen door.
Sarah made herself busy. She knew what was coming and waited patiently for Louis' words of disbelief.
For some reason he began in a whisper. "I'm glad Nicole feels safe with her angel," he said it with a slight lift of his brow. "But isn't she taking this a bit far? I mean, is it healthy for her to rely on something so far from reality?"
Sarah found her smile rich with understanding. Why was the truth so hard for mortal man to see, especially when it sat right under their noses?
"I think you've misunderstood Nicole's and my position. You see, Louis, we're Christians. Our belief in angels stands just as firm as our belief in God."
Louis' face was incredulous. "How on earth can you believe in those...creatures, Sarah? You can't see them, touch them. They aren't real!" he insisted in a harsh voice, no longer whispering.
"No, we..." Sadly, she amended. "I can't see them, though I honestly believe Nicole saw her Guardian angel. I made a decision once to serve the Lord based on faith that He, my God, is real. My faith includes angels. Every day I trust God and His angels to help me, be with me at all times."
Entering the room through the wall, David overheard part of Sarah's words. Silently, he applauded her courage, stating her beliefs with such conviction. His pride in her surfaced.
Louis shook his head, completely baffled. "I just don't get it. I believe in what my senses can detect, Sarah. Anything else is just a trick of my imagination or conjecture."
"And there lies the difference between facts and faith. If you believe by faith in the Lord Jesus, you will see and you will understand. The choice is yours, Louis. I can't make it for you. I pray God will give you a sign so you can believe. I'd hate to go to Heaven and not see you there. I've grown rather fond of you."
Louis stepped closer, raising his hand to caress her arm. "You already know how I feel."
When she stiffened beneath his touch, his hand dropped and he sighed in resignation. "I'll think about what you said, I promise. No matter how illogical it sounds."
"Good, I'm glad." Sarah gently patted his arm. "Now how about helping me with this stew."
"Umm-hum! I just realized I'm starving," he growled, reverting back to the friend she so cherished. Pushing up his sleeves to his elbows, he quickly washed his hands and prepared to cut up the canned potatoes and whole peeled tomatoes for their supper.
~*~
David's brows went down as he flew from the room and back to Nicole's side. He didn't care for Louis' familiar touch on Sarah. His body tensed with a strange, unwelcome emotion, as if preparing for battle. He was no fool and knew human emotions well. Even though he wasn't human, many of the emotions of the race were known quite well to all of the heavenly angels. Only a few were forbidden. Sternly, David reminded himself-jealousy is a sin.
~*~
Tonight was the night he would send the long-awaited signal. In a matter of minutes it would be traced and Vincent Moretti's men would erase Nicole and Sarah Denison's existence from the face of the earth. Or they would try.
Jimmy planned to be ready, setting the stage for their arrival. Once he revealed their location in the forest, it wouldn't be long before Moretti's men stormed the cabin. Only a few hours.
Checking the laptop's screen then double-checking his watch, Jimmy typed in the location code and clicked on the 'Send' key. The waiting he'd endured for more than five months was almost over.
~*~
David was no longer weary from the battle. His full strength always returned after only a handful of minutes and his supernatural wounds were already healed. The time for action drew near as mortal evil approached the cabin. He knew Jimmy called the evil men and he knew why. It was David's sworn duty to protect Sarah and Nicole. He found victory over the fallen and he anticipated victory against the evil men who were only minutes away from invading the cabin.
Everyone slept, except Jimmy. Every five minutes or so he nervously checked his watch. Sarah and Nicole would need to wake in the next few minutes for David's plan to run smoothly.
David floated alongside the girls' bed where the two cuddled together, sleeping peacefully. He prepared himself mentally for the trials to come in the next few hours as this assignment neared its end.
Leaning his head close to Nicole, David spoke gently. "Awake, Nicole. You and your mother must come with me."
Sarah's eyes popped open and she sat up quickly, surprising David. He pulled back fast. This is impossible! She cannot hear me. I sent my thoughts to Nicole alone.
Sarah blinked hard several times, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. What sound pulled her from such a deep sleep? For the life of her, she couldn't remember what she'd heard. Sarah focused her hearing in the dead quiet of the room, tilting her head to one side. There was no sound, not even the wind from outside. How strange. The earth appeared to hold its breath.
Sarah glanced over to the window, noting the time. Still in the dead of night, no light came from behind the drapes. Careful not to disturb Nicole, she eased from the bed and slipped her arms into her cotton robe then pushed her feet into soft house shoes. Her eyes found the clock on the bedside table. She narrowed her eyes and blinked several times. Dawn remained several hours away.
For some reason, Sarah felt anxious. Wide awake now, sleep wouldn't come easily. Until she figured out what woke her, she'd be unable to rest. 
The dark night called to her. Sarah loved the smell and sounds associated with the middle of the night, after the dew littered the grass and the leaves on the trees. Funny, though, not even the crickets' song could be heard tonight. The unnatural quiet made her shiver. She couldn't explain it, but something supernatural dominated the air in the small room.
Walking silently to the window, Sarah pulled open the drapes.
Without warning the drapes rushed back together, cutting off her view of the mysterious night. Sarah jumped backwards in surprise. She turned in a slow circle, viewing the entire room and her sleeping daughter. Everything looked the same as it did before. But it wasn't the same. The room felt different. She and Nicole appeared to be the only ones in the room. Instinctively, Sarah knew someone else was here too. She could sense a low, humming power and she remembered it well from other moments in the past few months. Sarah could literally feel his presence, his need to protect them.
David.
She wanted to smile, but didn't. Although she could feel his presence in the room, she could somehow feel his anxiety as well.
"Why don't you want me to look outside?" There was no response. "David, please tell me. What's wrong?"
David hovered within a few feet of Sarah, completely speechless. Never in all his years on Earth had a mortal spoken to him while unseen. She'd spoken directly to him twice now, though with more confidence this time. As if she truly expected him to answer. Sarah believed in his existence, even without the proof of her eyes. Truly, an exceptional woman.
The time to wait had expired and David could delay no longer. The girls in his charge needed to flee the cabin before the six men in black arrived, thirty-five minutes ahead of schedule. David had precious few minutes left to intervene. It was time for drastic measures.
In a flash of blinding white light, as if lightning struck within the room, Sarah heard a male voice boom with desperate intensity.
"Arise and flee! Evil is nearly upon you!"
Sarah cried out and instinctively covered her eyes. In the next instant, the room immediately darkened. If not for the ringing in her ears and the spots before her eyes, Sarah could nearly believe she'd imagined the blinding light and the voice of...
"David! Oh, my God! Nicole, get up!" Sarah screamed, rushing to the bed only to find her daughter already standing beside it, trembling in fear.
Seconds later, Louis and Jimmy burst through the closed bedroom door, their weapons drawn and ready.
"Louis! Get us out of here! They've found us. They're on the way!"
Jimmy drew everyone's attention when he exploded with an earthy curse. He checked his watch then cursed once more for good measure.
To Sarah he asked, "How did you know?"
"It doesn't matter right now. I just know." The confidence in her words could not be ignored. Jimmy paused only a moment to search her face before he nodded.
"Okay. Plan 'A' is out the window. Time for plan 'B.'"
"What are you talking about?" Louis asked in a deceptively soft voice. "What plan?"
Jimmy sighed impatiently, ticked off that things were so screwed up. Months! It took him months to set himself up as an informant at a high price. Now everything had gone to hell. If Sarah was right, and something told him she was right on the money, then he'd been made.
Jimmy checked the magazine of his 9mm P35 handgun as he spoke. "It was supposed to be a trap, to catch Moretti red-handed."
"Moretti!" Louis growled. "Vincent Moretti? You knew all along and you didn't tell your own partner?" His voice grew in volume with each word.
"Shut up!" Jimmy hissed. "I couldn't tell you anything. I'm supposed to be Moretti's leak in the force. Captain gave me the idea to set a trap for him. He and our backup will be here any second and Moretti's men thirty minutes from now. I sent Moretti a satellite signal a few hours ago. He's to arrive at 0200 hours. That's..." Jimmy checked his watch. "...in exactly twenty-eight minutes."
"No! They're here already!" Sarah cried desperately, clutching Nicole to her chest. "David woke me to warn us. He said they're almost here! They must've decided to come early."
Sarah tried not to get hysterical. Neither man bothered to question the truth of her statement. It was irrelevant since it changed nothing. It was time to act, not speculate.
"Yeah, that's my guess," Jimmy confirmed. "I've been made. I had a bad feeling in my gut about this plan since the beginning. I don't know why, exactly. The plan makes us too vulnerable and it went down way too smooth. I wonder why the Captain would..."
Jimmy shook his head and gave Sarah a hard look. "Come on. Let's go," he said pulling Nicole with him, knowing Sarah would be right on their heels. "You and the kid are going to the underground shelter earlier than planned while this sting goes down. Don't come out until Louis or I come and get you. If something happens to us, don't come out until our guys get here. They'll find you, don't worry."
Bringing up the rear, Louis held his weapon high in front of him with both hands, ready to fire at anything that moved. "Dammit, Jimmy! You should have trusted me with this." The accusation came too late. It couldn't be changed. The pain of betrayal twisted like a knife in Louis' gut.
"Like I said, I was under orders. Now shut up, will you? Everyone quiet. Sound carries in the forest." Jimmy looked down at Nicole, his features softening in the moonlight. "Okay, honey?" She nodded and quietly they moved out the back door of the cabin.
About thirty feet out, Jimmy stopped at an underground storm shelter. He worked the lock open on the heavy metal door. Keeping a sharp eye in all directions, Louis waited. He couldn't see, hear or smell anyone. There was a slight breeze. If the enemy was here, they weren't downwind. There was no smell of human sweat other than himself and Jimmy.
Finally, the storm door creaked loudly as it opened. Everyone cringed at the giveaway sound. Louis gave their surroundings a quick but thorough search. There was no movement or sound from the immediate area.
The girls climbed quickly down the steps and Louis, after a brief hesitation, motioned to Jimmy he would follow them. Jimmy paused then nodded his understanding. This wasn't going as planned and his partner wanted to be within sight of their star witness. He'd do the same thing. If what Sarah said was true, he didn't expect to get out of this one alive. But he knew his partner didn't deserve to die for his screw-up. Louis was right. He should have confided in his partner and friend, to hell with orders.
Jimmy was lowering the shelter door when he heard the front door being kicked in with a loud thud. Hearing the sound as well, Louis stopped the door's descent and pushed it upward.
The men's eyes met and a silent communication passed between them. Time was up. As Sarah predicted, Moretti's assassins were earlier than expected and would be out the back door in less than a minute. It would be obvious where he'd put the girls for safe keeping when they saw him come in the back door. He'd been played for a fool and deserved whatever he got because of his stupidity. But they wouldn't all die. He'd see to it.
Jimmy pointed to the girls with his free hand, keeping his weapon aimed at the cabin's back door. "Take them and go deep into the forest. Reinforcements should be here any minute." Looking down again at his watch, a heavy frown marred his brow. "I have a bad feeling that's off, though."
Louis knew the risk his partner would be taking by buying them escape time.
"Good luck, Hamlin," Louis whispered and the men shook hands. Perhaps for the last time.
Jimmy threw his head in the direction of the forest. "Hurry!"
Crouching low, he crept back to the cabin and leaned against the rough wood alongside the door, counting. Any second he'd blaze in, firing.
Louis didn't waste another second and lifted Nicole out of the shelter from her mother's arms. Sarah was out a moment later. She grabbed her daughter's hand and started to run. Louis followed, glancing over his shoulder long enough to see Jimmy disappear inside with the back door hanging wide open.
A few seconds later, the air exploded with gunfire.
Spurred on by fear for the girl's safety, Louis snatched Nicole into his arms. With Sarah about a foot ahead, they ran swiftly toward the growth of trees, deep into the thick forest.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

I looked up and before me was a man dressed in linen, a belt of gold 
around his waist. His body was like a precious stone, his face 
like lightning, his eyes like flaming torches and his arms 
and legs like the gleam of burnished bronze, and 
his voice like the roar of a crowd.   
Daniel 10:5, 6

Chapter Four

David flew soundlessly overhead, seen only by Nicole who ran alongside Louis on foot. Every so often she would look up to see if her angel still flew overhead. He would nod once and she'd look forward again, satisfied her angel would keep them safe.
Louis led them progressively forward. He kept them in the densest terrain, effectively covering their tracks. It didn't allow them to move at a quick pace, but would most likely insure their concealment. David's warrior experience appreciated Louis' expertise-the mortal knew how to evade an adversary.
Louis, however, was not his main concern. Nicole was the innocent he must protect. If the child followed his lead, he knew without a doubt Sarah would follow, thereby protecting her as well. And David admitted, if only to himself, exactly how much he needed her safe.
After running nonstop for over an hour, Louis paused for a moment, taking a quick break to catch his breath. Sarah breathed heavily and tried to ease the tight stitch in her side. Because of her youthfulness, Nicole appeared able to continue on a lot longer.
Three minutes. He couldn't give them any more rest before they would have to move on. It wouldn't take long for Moretti's men to track them since they were on foot. Louis couldn't count on the cavalry to reach them first. He wouldn't take a chance with Nicole and Sarah's lives.
Louis checked the magazine of his .45 again. No doubt about it, he was scared. This had officially become a mess and it would get a whole lot messier before it was all over.
In his cop voice, Louis instructed the girls to sit at the base of a large tree with protruding roots. He quickly broke off a few branches from a smaller tree nearby and used them to cover their heads and legs. No talking, no moving. He promised to be back before they could count to two hundred. This gave Nicole something to concentrate on besides the situation.
Louis hunched down and tweaked Nicole's nose through the branches and leaves, earning him a small smile. It was enough. His eyes found Sarah's; she looked frightened and he couldn't blame her. Louis reached out and rested his hand on her forearm as a silent promise that everything would be okay. Gratitude shone from her eyes. With a crooked smile and a nod, Louis soundlessly moved away.
David watched Louis leave using the trees as cover. He would not leave the girls unprotected and hoped Louis knew what to do. It was imperative they keep moving in order to put the most distance between themselves and the men in black. They could no longer afford any delay. Every second counted in their escape.
Behind the camouflage, Sarah looked down at the top of her daughter's head and felt like crying. Absently, she cuddled Nicole closer, holding back her own tears with effort. She'd watched Nicole this past week come so far along on the road to recovery. For a brief moment she'd forgotten why they were in hiding. Certainly God allowed all of this to happen for a reason, though she didn't have a clue what it could be.
Her mother used to say, "God may allow obstacles into your life, but he always stays by your side, to help whenever you call His name. We can cope with anything as long as God stands with us."
Sarah closed her eyes and prayed harder than she'd ever prayed before. God, give me the strength to keep Nicole and me safe from harm. After five months of wondering when the ax would fall, living in constant fear and now their current situation, Sarah didn't know for sure if she could cope with another challenge.
Without warning, gunfire erupted behind them. David heard the girls gasp; he searched the immediate area. Finding no one, he appeared in a flash at Louis' side. The man had been shot twice and was losing the battle against the men in black.
David cocked his head, listening with supernatural hearing. Although several miles away, the police helicopters approached. Help was on the way, but not before the evil men found Sarah and Nicole. He would not allow this to happen.
He flew back in seconds to where the girls waited. They'd thrown off the branches and leaves to stand against the tree, holding each other tightly. David understood their safety lay entirely in his hands. Both Sarah and her daughter would need to physically see him.
He didn't often need to appear in human form, but he did so now, coming from behind a tree in their path. Nicole saw him first and ran immediately to his side, most likely recognizing him by his face. Sarah opened her mouth to scream but David lifted a finger to his lips and took Nicole's hand.
"I am David," he whispered. "We must flee." His deep voice carried into the forest, despite the whisper.
Without waiting for her assent, he turned with Nicole and ran through the forest, hearing Sarah's footsteps close behind.
He remembered seeing a narrow stream less than a mile ahead. If they made it to the stream, the water would hide their footprints while the noise of the running water would hide the sound of their escape. Thankfully, there were no dogs to catch their scent.
Finally, David could hear the rushing sound of the stream up ahead. When he broke through the trees he took in a deep breath, grateful to see dense foliage of more trees beyond the water, past the opposite bank. He would lead them down the stream for at least a mile until he felt it safe to go to the other side.
Placing Nicole between himself and Sarah, he indicated they all hold hands.
"The waters will carry us to safety and hide our direction and footfalls. Hold tight to one another until we reach the bank on the other side."
David entered the cold waters and knew a moment's fear. While in human form he lost many of his angelic abilities. Though still immortal, he could only do so much for the Denison girls in this human state. In a true sense, he was vulnerable. He would have to remain alert to be of best service to his ward and her mother.
Water soaked both adults up to David's hips and to the bust of Sarah's gown. The rushing water reached Nicole's chin level and she shivered in the cold water. Seeing her distress, Sarah pulled her daughter into her arms until Nicole clung desperately.
David kept his eyes forward to better maneuver them around the stationary rocks and deep dips along the stream's bottom. Sarah kept her eyes on Nicole's coloring, worried when she noticed her daughter's white cheeks, lips and droopy eyes.
It took over fifteen minutes until David felt it safe enough to exit onto dry land. What felt chilly before in the cold water seemed doubly so in the cold night air. Their wet clothes clung to skin gone numb from exposure.
Sarah shook so hard her words came out stuttered. "We h-have to get N-Nicole dry and w-warm soon or s-she'll catch p-pneum-monia."
David nodded and motioned forward with his head, sweeping the completely exhausted child into his arms. Nicole collapsed immediately against him, unable to open her eyes, her shivering involuntary. She had no strength left to match her courage. David glanced at Sarah to evaluate her condition. She wouldn't last much longer in these elements.
"Follow me."
Time became the real issue and neither adult bothered to look back to see if they were followed. Sarah's house shoes were lost only minutes after entering the stream. Her bare feet trampled rocks and broken branches, yet she forged on with only one purpose echoing through her brain. She must locate shelter quickly and bring warmth back into Nicole's sleeping body. Sarah couldn't remember the rules of hypothermia. Is falling asleep a good or bad sign?
Like something from a heroic western, David walked directly into a hidden cave. Monkey vines covered the entrance and reached up to curl over, around and through the rock wall. Using his head and shoulder to part the cluster of leaves, David wrestled his way through. Sarah followed so close to his back, he felt surrounded by her warmth. Her small hands bunched and held on to the back of his rough cotton shirt with surprising strength.
David pushed past the leaves to the inside. He laid Nicole down and with confident speed began to assemble wood and rocks for a fire. He sat back on his haunches when he finished and stared at the dry wood. In a matter of seconds, a fire blazed within the circle of rocks. No sound came from Sarah and he dared not look in her direction. The weakness he bore in his heart was certainly in his eyes.
"I will return," he said hastily before he stood and turned on his heel to leave through the covered entrance.
Sarah didn't waste one moment; she needed to get Nicole warm right now. She stripped off her robe and gown, laying them across a rock beside the fire to dry. Then she stripped Nicole of her thin cotton gown and carried her over to the warmth of the fire. Sarah kept Nicole's icy limp form wrapped tightly in her embrace, rocking her like she'd done when Nicole was a baby. Nicole did not stir and Sarah began to really worry.
Minutes later, David entered with several large quilted blankets in his hands. He stood barely inside the cave for a long moment, too stunned to move. Sarah's nakedness did not embarrass him for God created mankind and woman with an artist's care. She looked beautiful sitting on the dirt floor, rocking her beloved child. He once saw a painting in the nude, created long ago. The beauty of woman and child who sat before the glowing fire easily put it to shame.
Another emotion fought to surface, powerful in its intensity. He quickly buried the forbidden, human emotion deep in his mind. He would not mar Sarah's beauty and his own pure feelings by giving way to lust. He wanted this woman in an unexplainable way, but not in a sinful way. He wanted to be with her forever, as her husband.
He shifted his stance at the cave's entrance and her frightened eyes flew in his direction. Sarah's alarmed expression calmed instantly with recognition. It took only seconds for her face to heat with embarrassment. She lowered her eyes to hide her emotions from him. David's grip tightened and he remembered the blankets in his hands.
Cautious steps brought him closer to her side. She looked up but didn't meet his eyes.
"Where did you...never mind," she finished quietly with a shake of her head. It didn't matter where he got the blankets. What mattered was David saw to their needs, again.
David opened one blanket and wrapped mother and sleeping child in the overly-large quilt. Then he opened another for double insulation.
"What about you? Take one of these for yourself."
David's smile was bittersweet. "I will not perish. Keep them and be warm."
As her eyes traveled down his body, she noticed two things. He did not tremble with cold and his clothes and shoes looked dry. He came closer to cover Nicole's head with the edge of the blanket. They are dry! Amazing.
The entire situation seemed incredible. This was David, her daughter's Guardian angel.
The light shining down from the foot-wide hole at the cave's ceiling cast the room in a dim light, making his features easier to see. Sarah used their close proximity to study him. He appeared to be very tall, maybe six three or four. He wasn't blond like most angels depicted in paintings. Red highlights shone clearly from the deep brown mass hanging just past his shoulders. David's muscular frame and handsome face gave him more of a soldier's appearance. He looked nothing like a cherub. He held himself with confidence and exuded a power which should've been frightening.
These were only his outward features, though. As he looked away from Nicole and met Sarah's eyes, she also saw a great sadness she didn't understand. When he returned minutes ago, it shone clearly in his eyes even then. What reason could an angel have to be sad?
Keeping her eyes on David, she watched as he turned away and reached for an extra stick, running his hand over it. It looked different, darker. It's wet! The things she constantly saw him do amazed her. Squatting down, he poked the fire with the wet stick until it roared to life. Sarah remained silent, watching him work on the fire. She couldn't read his mood and he appeared deep in thought. She'd give almost anything to know his thoughts.
David used the stick without thought, his mind focused on Sarah. Tending the fire should be keeping his thoughts away from her, but the opposite was true. He closed his eyes for a moment and faced the truth. He had broken an angelic law. The Denison's were safe for the time being, so he no longer needed to be visible. Clearly he should return to his silent, unseen vigil while the Denison's cared for themselves. With each moment passing, David became more and more involved with this family. He should leave.
David opened his eyes when he heard Sarah adjust her weight with Nicole in her arms. The problem was he wanted to take care of them, in the physical sense. In person. He wanted time with them before circumstances insisted he leave. David prepared himself mentally for the punishment he knew awaited.
The Lord's voice did not descend upon him and David waited a full minute more before breathing a sigh of relief. Of course, David thought. Possibly He might wait to deliver punishment until after this assignment's end.
Reluctantly, David turned his head as Sarah wrapped her sleeping daughter in one quilt and the other around her own body. Nicole's violent chills were gone and she wore a surprisingly small smile in her sleep. His eyes followed Sarah as she picked up Nicole and moved her to the other side of the fire, positioning her so she would remain warm. She looked up and their eyes met. Slowly, she stood to her full height, appearing as royalty, although wrapped in the single blanket around her shoulders. She wore it like a robe befitting a queen.
Sarah moved around the fire until she reached his side, keeping her eyes steady on his face before sitting next to him cross-legged. She was so temptingly close. It was all he could do not to turn away and vanish into the night before weakness overcame his sense of duty. Lovelier than many of the angels gracing Heaven, Sarah represented his greatest temptation.
From the corner of her eye she watched him stare deep into the flames as if hypnotized. She worried over his pensive mood.
"David?" Sarah called out and he turned.
The physical and emotional ache David felt to love her as a human man returned and, unable to hide his emotions, his face revealed his suffering.
Sarah became transfixed by the raw, honest emotions in David's eyes. Pain and desire. She sucked in her breath sharply, consumed by his intense blue stare. Never could she remember seeing such a look of agony before.
His need drew her in. The connection she felt could only be described as spiritual. David was a part of her, the missing part she'd been feeling for months. It consumed her, surrounded her, this feeling of unity. She realized he had been the one radiating all of the feelings of love, protection and safety for so long, since the death of her husband. She finally understood the baffling emotions she'd felt for months.
There was something else... Sarah understood why David was here. But did he feel the same thing she felt in her heart?
Sarah watched his hungry gaze roam over her face with love before it finally hit her with the force of a two-by-four. The emotion she saw on his face revealed human desire, need, like the kind only a lover can satisfy. The intensity behind his direct look startled her, but only momentarily. She also saw a sweet longing; she recognized it as the look of hope.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

The angel of the Lord encampeth round about those 
who fear him, and delivereth them.
Psalm 34:7

Chapter Five

"I don't want any excuses why she wasn't found." The quiet voice of Vincent Moretti held a note of contempt and unquestionable authority. Anyone who associated with him understood mistakes led to an unpleasant death.
The tall, muscular man standing before Moretti looked dispassionately over his shoulder at his five cohorts. Still dressed in all black from their attack upon the cabin, the tall man in front bravely took a step forward, looking Moretti in the eye.
"You realize your leak wasn't a leak at all." His voice stayed low and emotionless. "The cop tried to trap you and all of us into revealing ourselves. He's dead. I took care of it myself. His partner ran off with the woman and child and we followed. The cop came back, though and returned our fire until the police helicopters could be heard. It was either leave or be captured."
Moretti took his time responding. He lit one of his expensive Cuban cigars and puffed a few times, enjoying the aroma and taste before leaning back in his plush leather chair. His focus lay on the cigar as he studied and fondled it with his thick hand while he spoke.
"My sources in the police department tell me the woman took the child and ran after your gunplay. She is no longer protected by the police."
Moretti's cold eyes rose and narrowed on the tall leader standing in front of his desk. "You know what to do."
The leader nodded once, his face like stone. "We'll find her before they do."
Knowing nothing else needed to be said, the tall man turned to leave, the other five in black filing in close behind.
~*~
They were coming, all of them. The protectors and the killers. Strangely, David feared both. The evil men would bring death if they found Sarah and Nicole. The policemen would return her to safety, away from him forever, thus ending his assignment and breaking his heart. He would no longer have an excuse to remain seen once the police arrived. His heart broke even now with the decisions he must soon make.
Early this morning policemen searched the cabin and immediate area when he ventured out to take a look. The evil men would also come, they always did. His greatest assurance came with the knowledge that the fallen from Heaven could no longer interfere. He alone must see to the protection of Sarah and Nicole against Earth's evil forces.
~*~
Early morning light stole in through the hole at the top of the cave. Sarah blinked and found a small warm body close to her own. She smiled down at her daughter. The pink of health shone richly in her young cheeks. Thank God she was going to be all right.
And thanks to David.
Still wrapped within the quilt, Sarah glanced over to where their drying nightgowns should be. She blinked. The soaking wet nightgowns were gone. In their place were two very dry shirts, jeans, underwear, socks and tennis shoes.
David.
His kindness was never ending as he strove to always think of their needs. Her eyes lifted in the dim light, searching the cave. She didn't see any sign of him. Closing her eyes, she waited a moment until she felt it...the sensation of being watched. She smiled, feeling his love for her and Nicole. Without a doubt she knew he lingered somewhere within the walls of the cave.
Keeping her eyes closed, she whispered, "Thank you, David. It was very thoughtful."
Without sight, Sarah's sense of hearing and touch were magnified. She felt a soft breeze travel across her face to linger on her lips and knew an angel's kiss. When her eyes opened, she searched the cave with all of her senses. He was gone, allowing her privacy to change.
Quickly she dressed and woke Nicole who laughed in delight at the daisies on her shirt. Silver glitter surrounded the tips and made it sparkle with her every movement.
Sarah was stoking the fire using the extra wood David collected when he returned in human form. After pushing his way through the thick vegetation, he stood at the cave's entrance with a bowl of fruit in his hands.
"Great! I'm starving," Nicole gushed. Skipping forward, she peered over the edge of the small blue bowl.
Sarah couldn't see what lay inside from where she sat, but Nicole's squeal of delight brought an instant smile to her lips.
"Oh, Mommy, look! David brought us oranges and pears and..."
Innocent eyes looked up to David in question.
"Kiwi fruit," he supplied easily. His mouth twitched with amusement.
"Sounds delicious," Sarah said, smiling. Unconsciously, she licked her lips in anticipation of the soft, sweet fruit. She began to thank him until she looked into his eyes.
Promptly, she closed her mouth. Shock and another emotion she hadn't felt in a very long time coursed through her body. David's eyes radiated the most heated look she'd ever seen. She could not look away from the intensity in his blue eyes. Sarah's cheeks flushed when his eyes lowered fractionally to her lips. The interior of the cave became a sauna. The sensation was devastating.
Nicole helped herself to an orange, two pears and hesitated before carefully picking up a kiwi fruit.
David nodded his approval. "They are very good, Nicole. I think you'll be surprised by the sweet taste of the kiwi."
Nicole took her fruit over to a corner of the cave where the light from the hole in the roof was the brightest, plopped down and eagerly began to eat.
Sarah sat in half-shadow, closer to the entrance. David approached slowly, sitting across from her, only a foot or so away. He laid the bowl of fruit between them, his eyes never leaving her face.
Sarah, by force of will, looked away from those beautiful eyes. She chose an orange and was surprised when he chose a pear. She remembered him saying he didn't need food to survive, so he must simply want to share her company. The thought warmed her heart.
With infinite patience, she peeled her orange, giving great concentration toward the task. Her body tingled, aware of his concentrated stare. She felt a desire to touch again, be a part of someone again. Knowing David was an angelic creature made no difference. If anything, it made her feel closer to him, sharing a love for their God.
After removing the last peel, she began to raise it to her lips when she noticed him staring intently at her mouth. From out of the blue a mischievous glint came into her eyes. It was all she could do to keep the smile off her face. Ever so slowly, his eyes rose to meet her own.
David froze, his mouth opened in mid-bite as she raised a slice of orange to his lips. He lowered the hand holding his own fruit without even realizing it. Obediently, he took a large bite of her orange. His warm, full lips caressed her fingers in the process.
Sarah's lids lowered to half-mast as his eyes darkened to the deep blue of a tropical storm. She savored the feel of his sensuous lips on her trembling fingers.
Thoughts David never dared to feel in his heart seized his mind and possessed his body. He trembled in reaction. Angels were not allowed to make love in a physical sense...they were not created for such a purpose. It went against every heavenly law he knew. Though he desired her, acting on his desire was something else entirely.
This passion ran so much deeper than mere belonging, mere possession. His was a longing to unite with Sarah not only in body but in mind and spirit...to be one with his beloved Sarah.
How, though? Was it possible for an angel to be allowed a mortal life, a human soul? Would the Lord permit a change in the plans David was originally created to fulfill? He would plead his desire for humanity-plead for a perfect and pure love. If only he could control himself during this assignment against the temptation that was Sarah. Maybe...
"Hey, where did you go?" Sarah touched his cheek with infinite tenderness.
David focused his worried eyes on Sarah and cleared his features, trying to return her loving smile.
"Forgive me. I was thinking, hoping..."
"I understand. Why can't we open our hearts to love like everyone else? Do you think God would listen if we asked Him for his blessing, his permission?"
"I will listen and so will the Lord, but I cannot pray with you, Sarah. I am not flesh and blood, so haven't been allowed the grace of forgiveness. My communication with the Lord is only through praise and obedience. You have the right to speak, whereas I do not."
She nodded, accepting his limitations but refusing to be thwarted because of them. Straightening her shoulders, she grasped his sticky fingers, threading them with her own. Closing her eyes and in a quiet voice, she cried out to the Lord for understanding, wisdom and mercy, pleading for God to grant them a chance to love.
Before the prayer was finished, they released many silent tears, each afraid though God heard her prayer, He would not grant them a love unlike any other.
Nicole stretched her neck until she could see her mother and David holding hands with their heads bowed. She couldn't hear her mother's words but instinctively knew they weren't blessing the food. Maybe they were asking God if David could be her new daddy.
Conviction filled her young innocent heart and as they prayed, she added hers to those of the people she loved most in the world.
~*~
Captain Richard Biggs was scared stiff and it really ticked him off. The plan did not go according to his satisfaction, or his boss'. He was being given one more shot to get this fixed...or else. He shuddered at the possibilities if he failed.
"Where is he?" Biggs bellowed, walking through the bullet-ridden safe house.
"Over here, Captain. The medics are patching him up before they send him out," an officer called out in reply, pointing to a bedroom at the rear of the house. Biggs followed the man's finger.
Louis sat with glazed eyes, staring down at the floor where his partner lay dead in a black zipped-up body bag. Jimmy was full of holes, not unlike himself. But the gaping hole that blew away most of his partner's throat took his life. Louis could guarantee Jimmy never felt the other four bullets as they ripped into his chest and stomach.
Louis received only two injuries, a bullet that passed through his upper shoulder and a graze at his side which ricocheted off his destroyed cell phone. Funny, he felt neither injury. In fact, he felt no pain at all. He knew from experience he suffered from shock, but he also knew it would pass and cold reality would once again tear through his gut like the force of another bullet. Remorse at losing his partner and losing track of Sarah and Nicole made him want to vomit. Louis barked a harsh laugh, drawing a few heads in his direction. His shock had just about worn off.
He failed all of them and there was no excuse for it. He shouldn't have left the girls. Now they were alone and most likely scared stiff, on the run from certain death. And God help him if they were hurt in some way or were found by Moretti's men. The girls wouldn't return to the cabin. They couldn't know the area was secure. No, they would run as far and as fast as they could, making the departments' job all the more difficult.
There was the added pressure of finding them before Moretti's men did. Moretti kept his nose clean, but he had an army of men at his disposal. He paid too well to hire anyone but the best. There were even rumors he owned a few cops, though there were no names to go with those rumors.
Louis believed it, though. Someone inside the department leaked information to Moretti-someone Jimmy trusted with his life. That's why he'd been made. A dirty cop knew Jimmy's real score, but didn't know where the girls were hidden until last night when Jimmy sent the signal.
Louis intended to find the filthy cop and strangle him bare-handed for causing the death of his partner. And God help the bastard if Sarah and Nicole were harmed in even the smallest way.
A police medic replaced the officer holding a wad of cloth to the front and exit wound in his shoulder. Louis held another cloth against his side. The officer got Louis' attention.
"Your shirt is a damned mess. I'll get a tee from one of the men."
Louis nodded. "Thanks."
The medic examined the shoulder wounds and took a fast glance at his side before quickly making the call. "Son of a bitch, damned hollow point bullets," the medic growled. "Looks like you were hit with a 9mm from the look of the exit wound. Those High Power bullets can leave a nasty wound behind and this one ripped the hell out of your flesh when it went through. I'm gonna plug it with gauze and pack it so you can airlift to a hospital."
"No way. I'll get to a hospital later. Patch me up now. I take full responsibility." When the medic hesitated, Louis barked, "Do it." 
The medic shrugged. "You up for a few stitches or do you want me to sedate?"
Louis jerked his head toward the medic. "Hell no! Don't sedate me. I can take a few stitches. What about my side?"
The medic took another fast look, making a face. "Hmm, it's no more than a graze, so three sutures should fix it up."
"Fine. Get it over with."
The needle penetrated his flesh and Louis gritted his teeth to keep from biting off his tongue. He kept his adrenaline pumping and his mind focused by imagining his hands around the informant's throat.
The same officer helping him earlier walked halfway into the room and tossed Louis a city-issued black tee-shirt. Louis caught it with his good arm.
"Heads up, Felding. Biggs looks pissed."
The officer turned to leave just as Biggs rounded the corner. 
"Louis, there you are!" Biggs raged, stomping over to where the medic still worked on Louis' shoulder. "What the hell happened?" 
Louis decided to keep his suspicions to himself, at least for the time being.
Somehow finding the energy, Louis gave the Captain a brief but detailed accounting of last night's hit.
Screw-up is more like it. Something very strange and definitely wrong is going on here. Louis promised himself to find out what it was...even if it cost him his life. He'd already decided Sarah and Nicole were worth that price and more.
"So, where do we start our search, Captain? I was going north with the girls when I got hit."
The Captain shrugged and replied off-handedly, "Well, then, I guess we go north. I'll get a team together after I make a few calls."
Louis stiffened his spine. "Sir, I request permission to-"
"No way, Louis. You're going to the hospital and that's final. You did your best. I know you're broken up about Jimmy, but I'm putting a new team of officers on this case. They'll be taking over starting tonight."
"But sir-!"
"No!" Biggs roared his irritation and several heads turned in mild curiosity. In a toned down growl he added, "You had no way of knowing those six men would arrive early. It's not your fault, so quit trying to purge yourself of guilt. That's an order."
The Captain cracked a small smile, but it didn't quite reach his eyes, Louis thought. Quietly, he answered, "Yes, sir. I guess you're right."
Louis looked down meekly and accepted the shot for pain from the medic. Once finished, he closed up his kit and walked away while Biggs moved toward the front of the cabin. Louis kept his eyes on the wooden floor as his heart raced like mad. He reviewed every piece of information he told his Captain. He was one-hundred percent sure. Never once did he mention exactly how many men attacked the cabin last night because, in truth, he didn't know for sure. Yet, the Captain replied confidently with an exact number-six. A sick feeling deep in Louis' gut said that number was right on the money.
Louis' adrenaline pumped through his veins even harder and for a very good reason. He intended to disobey his Captain. His partner lay dead on the floor, murdered, and two very special girls were in grave danger. He would never make it to the hospital. Louis had a different destination in mind.
He'd be heading north.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

"I am sending an angel ahead of you to guard you along the way and 
to bring you to the place I have prepared. Pay attention 
to him and listen to what he says."   
Exodus 23:20, 21

Chapter Six

David sat and talked quietly with Nicole while Sarah turned the fresh meat he brought to her earlier. A crude spit made the job easier. David watched her intently, still keeping an ear open to Nicole.
He devised a plan, a simple one. He would keep Nicole and Sarah within the cave and keep them safe until the policemen arrived. If the men in black reached them first, he would protect them as he did before. Deep in his heart he wished neither would come and invade this sanctuary as he'd come to view the rough cave. Yet, it was unavoidable. Sooner or later Sarah and her daughter would have to return with their own kind.
He chose a moment when Nicole stole a breath to interrupt softly.
"I must look outside again. I'll return soon."
Sarah felt his gaze and returned it. Somber eyes revealed everything within his heart. She understood his intent. David would leave the cave every hour or so to check the forest. He planned to do so again.
Nodding once in her direction, David smiled and walked toward the thick brush. He waited until the leaves at the entrance hid his body before returning to the winged angel, his true form. He must not ever forget his true reality.
David soared over the tree tops in a two mile radius of the cave and then repeated the same pattern lower to the ground. He checked the wooded area thoroughly for any sign of humanity. For the moment, all remained clear.
In a radiant flash, he flew at the speed of light to the cave's mouth, assuming human form as he entered.
Sarah caught a movement, looked up and smiled as David entered. He was never gone for more than ten or fifteen minutes. He surprised Sarah when he flipped two thumbs up. Nicole giggled and Sarah immediately knew where he learned the gesture. Nicole's infectious laughter brought a smile to Sarah's lips. David was unique, unlike anyone she'd ever met. Sarah felt convinced with everything in her that she and David were meant to share a soul.
As David slowly approached Sarah, his face lost its humor. "The forest is empty, yet..." His hesitation prompted her to pick up where his thought left off.
"Yet, it isn't likely to remain empty for long."
Sarah proved amazingly astute. She is by far too sensitive to my emotions and the inner workings of my mind. Her accuracy is amazing.
In a rare show of human-like frustration, David sighed heavily and shook the wild hair back from his face. Sarah was captivated by the sensual picture he presented.
"Yes, Sarah, you are right. They will find the cave very soon when they begin their search. It is inevitable."
Sarah looked up with trust into pure blue eyes-the eyes of Heaven.
"What do you suggest we do?"
"Stay here." David spoke with certainty.
Sarah doubted whether staying put would be the best course of action, or in-action, to take. Her brows lowered as David sat beside her on the large rock next to the fire.
"You both will remain safe, no matter who enters. If the evil men come, I will hide you until they leave. If the policemen come, you can return safely in their care."
Sarah's head snapped up in instant denial, her hand grabbing his forearm in a tenacious grip. "No! You can't!"
She wasn't a fool; she knew exactly what leaving with the police would mean. David would return to his angelic form, invisible to their eyes. Even if he stayed to watch over them, she would not be able to see him, speak to him-touch him. The thought of his leaving released her desperation. Frantically, she searched for a reason why he must stay.
"I wouldn't be safe at all! Look what happened to Louis, what almost happened to Nicole and me. We're safer with you and you know it! Please, don't leave us, David. Don't leave me," she ended in a hoarse whisper, her throat closing with the fullness of her emotions.
"Sweet Sarah," he crooned, caressing her cheek. "I will be here with you and Nicole for as long as you need me." How could he do anything else in the face of her heart-wrenching pleas?
"Good," she emphasized with a single nod. "I'll need you for the rest of my life," she whispered.
David closed his eyes in anguish. His heart felt as if it were being ripped in two different directions-what he wanted to do and what he knew he must do, according to angelic law.
Before his desires could overcome him, David stood and turned away. Sarah gasped in pain. David felt her emotions just as strongly as she. His hands were tied, so to speak. He could do nothing to ease her pain, or his own.
Without facing her, he replied in a soft, deep voice, "The meat is nearly done. I will bring more fruit and water."
Not bothering to walk through the entrance, David vanished instantly and a swift breeze ruffled the thick strands of her hair. He would return quickly as he always did and they would talk some more. Sarah felt a deep concern over their future and to expect everything to go the way they wanted would be foolish. Determination marked a stubborn path across Sarah's face, though, as she vowed to convince him to bring their love before the Lord.
It took longer for David to return than usual and she was worried when he finally appeared. One look at the grief on his face made Sarah's heart race like crazy in fear.
Sarah wasted no time and ran over to where he stood, taking both of his hands in her own. She allowed him to see the absolute fear in her eyes. Silently, she waited for the inevitable. Her hands squeezed his when he spoke.
"They are coming."
She sucked in a harsh breath and kept her voice low so as to not frighten Nicole.
"Which?"
"The evil. They are on foot and stick to the thickest parts of the forest so they cannot be seen by air. I nearly missed their presence." David didn't mention his distraction centered on their earlier conversation and the sweet temptation she presented while Sarah ate her fruit. Her mouth held a sensual promise he craved to discover.
"Any sign of the police?"
David ground his jaw, irritated he'd allowed his mind and duties to wander.
"No, though they won't be far behind."
She accepted his assessment and asked the final question. "How soon?"
"Four hours, maybe less. They may not know the cave exists since the entrance is so well hidden."
"So, we just sit here? We don't move on?"
"We stay. You and Nicole will be safe in my care. Trust me."
Without hesitation she replied, "With my life," and fell into his opened arms. For an angelic being with supernatural flesh, David was reassuringly warm and she felt safe in his embrace.
After several long minutes, he set her away from him. "Eat. There is time until they come and you must maintain your strength."
When he rose with her and didn't follow, she asked, "Aren't you eating, too?"
"No. I'll keep watch outside." His voice emerged rougher than intended, his emotions balancing on a tight wire. "You forget, I don't need human food to sustain me. I'll be fine. Go. Feed your daughter."
Sarah felt confusion at his abrupt tone, but soon realized he was trying to protect his heart by reminding her of their separate places in this world and beyond. She hadn't forgotten...how could she?
Turning away, she felt a breeze once again across her back and heard it rustle the vines at the cave's entrance. She smiled wistfully, her pain lessened in the face of his retreat. She would never be able to view a summer's breeze in the same way again.
~*~
Sarah and Nicole ate quickly then put out the fire before it could reveal their presence. David returned once to warn them as the enemy drew closer to the cave. He said he would not return unless they were at the cave's mouth.
Sarah took Nicole to the other back corner where the lighting was nearly nonexistent. She held Nicole's chest against her own and wrapped loving, protective arms around her daughter's shoulders, pulling her closer.
They waited what felt like an eternity until Sarah was certain the tension would make her scream. At one point she could've sworn she heard the whirling blades of a helicopter through the hole above them. The sound lasted only seconds before drifting away. Afterward it became deathly quiet. Why didn't those men just come in and get it over with?
And where is David?
Minutes later Sarah and Nicole gasped in surprise when David flew in a flash of lightning into the cave. His unearthly glow highlighted his body and incredible wings. He spotted them instantly in the darkness and before they could blink, he surrounded them in the corner.
In a single move, he wrapped his large wings protectively around them, forming a cocoon of sorts. With his back facing the entrance, he looked down, feeling worry for the two he loved so very much.
In a hushed whisper he said, "Do not fear. They are outside of the entrance. If they come into the cave, they will not see us. They cannot touch me or harm you while protected within my wings. Remain calm and quiet, though. You can still be heard."
David felt Sarah nod against his chest and heard Nicole's barely voiced, "Yes." He moved carefully around them so he faced the entrance.
The three waited, barely breathing.
Moments later they heard a rough but muted voice call, "These monkey vines are too thick to be climbing up the side of this hill. I'll bet it's hollow beyond."
Then another voice, with more authority, said, "Check it out."
The bushes parted to reveal a man in black holding a very dangerous looking weapon high in front of him. He stepped deeper into the cave looking left then right. A heavy frown crossed his face. "Better take a look at this, Malone," the man called over his shoulder.
Five men joined the scout inside the cave. All were dressed in black and holding deadly weapons at the ready.
David's eyes narrowed on these men who thrived on harming the innocent and bore no conscience over the taking of a human life. Mankind was given a choice. They could accept the Lord's ways over the evil path Satan made so tempting. These men were not strong at all. Like so many others he encountered in the past, they were weak in their ignorance and brainless in their choice.
In the same manner as the Lord, David held no remorse for the loss of their souls. After all, it was their own choice which would cause their eternal damnation.
He listened as the man who appeared to be the leader touched the warm wood they extinguished only a few hours earlier. The leader muttered a quiet oath in the still dimness of the cave. His men exchanged worried frowns and one man took a step back, obviously intimidated. The leader's quiet demeanor meant danger. David could feel the waves of evil pulsing throughout the room.
Malone narrowed his eyes at the extinguished fire then made a slow sweep of the cave. His instincts said he was missing something, but he couldn't see a damn thing. Within the darkness of the cave he felt life, fear. Almost as if the Denison girls were not just close by but still in the cave. He trusted his instincts. They'd never failed him before. He refused to be outsmarted by a couple of girls who probably didn't know the first thing about survival tactics.
Malone looked back down to the blackened wood. Then again, everything he saw suggested otherwise. Apparently, the mother knew her way around the forest and was dragging her daughter along for the ride. Malone would be unwise not to consider all possibilities. Moretti trusted him to cover his back and he was paid well for it.
He placed his fingers in the ash, testing its texture and heat. The girls were obviously gone. "They were here maybe one or two hours ago. They won't be too far ahead. We should catch up to them by nightfall-two hours, maybe less."
"Continue north, sir?" another in black asked the leader.
Malone stood and brushed the ash from his hands onto the legs of his pants.
"Yes. Our inside informant says they headed north. He knows what will happen if Moretti finds out his information is wrong. Let's go."
As swiftly as they came, they left, leaving fear in their wake. Sarah and Nicole heard every word. David kept them surrounded for another ten minutes until he was certain the men would not return.
He prepared to change into human form when the vegetation at the mouth of the cave rustled loudly. Nicole gasped and her hands flew to her mouth to cover the sound while her eyes sought out her mother. Sarah instinctively reached out and gathered Nicole close, pressing her daughter's head to her body. David looked down and met Sarah's frightened stare.
To everyone's surprise, Louis burst through the bushes, his weapon drawn in one hand, his other cradled in a crude sling. Sarah and Nicole were still hidden, though they could see through David's wings as if invisible.
He's been hit! Sarah saw Louis struggle to stay upright. Even the hand holding his gun shook. 
Sarah watched as Louis focused on the spit and the ashes beneath. He let out a frustrated curse, sounding more painful than angry. Sarah thought she saw desperation in his eyes.
"Those bastards!" he growled. "They have them!" Turning sharply, he moved toward the entrance. 
Sarah couldn't allow him to leave knowing he would probably attack those men for no reason at all. It would most likely cost him his life. She couldn't remain quiet any longer.
"Louis!"
The wounded cop froze in his tracks and slowly turned, his brows lowered in confusion and his eyes narrowed, searching the dim interior of the cave. Did his desperation to find Sarah and Nicole finally cause him to hallucinate?
Sarah opened David's loving, protective wings and ran forward until the light from the hole above lit her in full.
"Sarah, my God! Nicole...did they get her?"
"No," the child answered and Louis stared in disbelief as the child walked over to her mother's side. This time Louis knew he wasn't hallucinating. Nicole instantly appeared out of the semi-darkness. What on earth is going on?
David watched the adults hug. Careful of his wound, Louis wrapped the child in his good arm and lifted her off the floor. He spent long moments holding her against his chest before lowering her gently.
Louis' head came up and he found Sarah's eyes on him. Something was very wrong here and he couldn't figure out what it could be. Sarah looked-guilty.
"How did those men miss the two of you in here? I saw them from a distance come this way. Their tracks show they came into this cave then left it, going north."
In unison, mother and daughter turned their heads to the back corner of the cave and Louis' eyes followed like a magnet. What..? Is there a gap in the wall where they hid and they want to show me? Amazingly, Sarah spoke to the wall.
"He's not the informant. We can trust him. Please..." Sarah took Nicole's hand and moved her gently off to the side, both of their eyes trained on the back corner.
Louis closed his eyes at the sudden burst of light. He shielded them as if blocking the sun's rays then blinked in utter shock. A very large, radiant man floated in the air right in front of his eyes. He wore a startling white robe with a sash of pure gold at his waist. Iridescent wings were spread open a good ten feet wide.
His red-brown, shoulder-length hair waved in some unfelt breeze. His bright blue eyes were intense as he peered down at Louis.
The angel opened his arms wide as if to say, Here I am. Louis felt his body go weak. Unable to control himself, he fell on sore knees to the dirt floor in the center of the cave.
In a choked voice full of reverence, Louis whispered, "David..."

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Praise the Lord, you his angels, you mighty ones who 
do his bidding, who obey his word.
Psalm 103:20

Chapter Seven

David reached through the dimension barrier and slowly lowered his hands then his feet to the cold dirt floor. His wings fell in behind him. Simply standing there, he was the epitome of intimidation and supernatural beauty.
"Arise. I am not the Lord God but his obedient servant. Do not bow to me or any others of my kind."
Louis stood and gave the angel a very thorough once-over. David cocked his brow and Louis offered the angel a crooked grin. His initial shock and weakness passed. The respect for what David represented remained, but it was obvious the angel meant him no harm. In fact, just the opposite. He was here to help Nicole and Sarah, he was sure of it. Slowly his mouth turned up even more into a full-blown, genuine smile.
"I wasn't really bowing, you know. I guess I was overcome by the fact you're real. You're the first angel I've ever seen."
David smiled easily in return. "Understandable and quite believable."
Before Sarah's eyes, Louis recovered instantly and became the same confident officer she'd come to know at the cabin.
"It's really nice to finally meet you, David, but I suggest we get outta here fast. Briggs and the guys are only a few miles behind me on foot. They have a helicopter searching the area."
"We heard the helicopter pass overhead, though I didn't know they were the police," Sarah said quietly, hugging Nicole to her side.
David narrowed his eyes on Louis. He didn't miss Louis' concern at being caught by his own men. David took a step forward. "The men in black spoke of an inside informant. Is this person among your men who search for Sarah and Nicole?"
"I believe so. I have my suspicions, enough to make me avoid them for now. I'll need evidence to prove anything."
"I cannot help you in this. My assignment is to protect Nicole and her mother. Justice for the murder of Sarah's husband lies in your hands."
Louis nodded, accepting the responsibility. If what he suspected was true, this was not going to be an easy case any way he looked at it. He refused to give up, though, until Peter Denison and Jimmy's killer were either dead or behind bars for life.
Louis took a few steps toward the cave's entrance. He checked the magazine of his Cold .45 ACP before slamming it back into place. "Everyone is heading north. I suggest we head in another direction until we can come up with a better plan, and then only when Sarah and Nicole are safely hidden."
"I agree," David replied and lowered his head in deep thought. Here it is, the dreaded moment. His job required he become invisible since Louis was present to care for the girls, but he talked himself out of the decision. Louis already saw me and knows of my presence. Why become invisible now?
When Louis knelt on one knee before Nicole to better answer one of her questions, David walked forward and reached out, placing one hand on the man's injured shoulder and one on his side.
Intense warmth spread throughout Louis' body. His head snapped up to David's face as he realized what just happened. An amazing energy refueled his body and mind, completely removing the pain from his injuries. 
Louis stood and faced David, his eyes never leaving the angel's as he removed the sling from his arm and lifted his shirt from the base, up and over his head.
"Louis, stop! You're injured!" Sarah cried out, reaching toward Louis.
Sarah gasped and covered her mouth when she saw the blood on the bandages taped to his body. Her eyes widened when he removed the one on the top of his shoulder and she saw only smeared blood. There were no wounds. He removed the bandage on his side and she saw the same thing, blood smeared on his skin, but no wound. 
Her eyes traveled from Louis to David and back again, noting their expressions. What just happened?
Louis raised his arms and rotated them at the shoulder. "I don't need the sling or bandages, Sarah. David healed my wounds with his hands." Louis gave Sarah a crooked grin while Nicole removed the sutures from his side. He ran his fingers across the top of his shoulder and noticed the stitches were gone. He found it hard to believe he was completely healed!
David's smile fell. Louis misunderstood the miracle. "I cannot heal, Louis. The Lord's power healed you. I am only His tool."
Louis considered this a moment before nodding. What happened to him blew him away and Louis shook his head slightly to get his head together. He had a job to do.
"Okay, David, I believe you. Thank Him for me and let's get moving." Louis put on the black tee, picked up his .45 and stood. 
David nodded toward Louis. "Wait here. I will check outside."
Disappearing quickly, David left only his tell-tale breeze in his wake.
A moment of quiet remained in the cave until Louis replied quietly, "Looks like I owe you an apology, Sarah. Angels do exist."
Nicole jumped in with her typical excitement. "Oh, yes! And guess what else? David's going to be my new daddy!"
"What?" Louis whipped his head in Sarah's direction, his eyes incredulous. He watched in amazement as she blushed.
A voice in his head denied the possibility of what Nicole suggested. Could angels and humans live together and be physically..?
Now he was the one embarrassed.
"Please, don't be angry with me, Louis. I felt this special bond with David long before I ever saw him. Once I did, I realized he is the man-." Sarah blushed and looked down. After a second her eyes returned to his face. "I realized he is the one I am meant for. I'm not sure what's going to happen, but the simple truth is?I love him."
Sarah would have to be blind not to see the hurt on his face. "I'm sorry if I've hurt you. You're so very dear to me and I would never do anything to try and hurt you. But David is my destiny."
Louis cleared his face, accepting Sarah was not meant for him. "Forgive the pun-does God know?"
"I'm sure He does. He knows everything and I know God has a purpose for both of us."
Louis remained quiet for a moment. He searched her eyes, looking for the answer to his question before he spoke it. He still felt responsible for her and Nicole. "Does David make you happy?"
Gazing down into her daughter's smiling eyes, Sarah replied honestly, "Yes. He makes both of us happy." Nicole gave him an impish little nod.
David chose that moment to come through the leaves at the entrance, appearing, to Louis' surprise, in human form. Somehow he never pictured an angel wearing jeans and a cotton shirt. Looking down, Louis smiled. Nike runners.
Remembering what Sarah said about David, Louis walked forward until the men stood a foot apart. Although he was forced to look up a few inches, Louis was no longer intimidated, not in this case. In some strange way he felt a strong urge to make sure Sarah was protected. The state of her heart was as important as the protection of her life.
In a deep voice Louis said, "Sarah tells me congratulations are in order. Do you love her?"
His bluntness didn't surprise David. He watched over his charge in much the same way as David. This alone gave David reason to fully respect the man.
His face intent, his eyes warm and honest, David replied, "With everything I am and with all I possess in my heart, it is hers."
After a brief moment, Louis nodded and held out his hand. David stared down at the proffered hand, cocking his head slightly to the side. He knew the custom but could not remember putting it to use.
After only a brief hesitation, David placed his hand against Louis' and instinctively squeezed. Louis did the same. An instant feeling suffused David's body from head to toe. He realized he was feeling friendship with this mortal man. The feeling was unusual, though new and welcome.
With happiness in her heart and a smile on her face, Sarah walked over to David and he received her with a warm embrace. Gently, he kissed her temple, his heart in his eyes for all to see. Nicole surprised them all by taking David's and Louis' hands into her own and swinging her arms enthusiastically. The adults shared a warm smile.
David forced himself to remember their safety could not be guaranteed. They needed to begin their journey as quickly as possible. David faced Louis, his face serious.
"Your men are coming in this general direction, but not close to the cave. Unless they change direction, they will pass by it within the hour. Leaving now would risk being seen, but speed is an issue. The men in black will soon double back when they do not find Sarah and Nicole. It will be safer to wait then leave once dark. Time is against us, so we must hurry. We face two deadly forces and must outthink each one."
Louis gave a sharp nod. "Yeah, you're right. But what'll we do if either of them comes in here while we're waiting? What do you suggest?"
"I will cover you all as I did Sarah and Nicole."
"Hmm... Then I guess we wait 'til dark."
"I'll keep watch outside." Turning to Sarah, he looked down into a face unbelievably precious to him. "I'll be back soon," he said squeezing Sarah's shoulders and placing a kiss to the top of Nicole's curls.
Walking through the leaves, he became invisible before reaching the other side.
~*~
While waiting, Sarah gave Louis a wet piece of cloth torn from her nightgown so he could wash away the blood on his shoulder and side. Louis worked quickly as he spoke, telling Sarah about his suspicions concerning the informant. She had a right to know who betrayed their confidence. It made his gut clench to even think he might be right, but his instincts hadn't failed him yet.
"My goodness! Your Captain? Are you sure? I can't believe it! Why would he be a part of such a thing? What could he possibly have to gain?"
It's incredible! Sarah's serious tone said she really didn't get it. He was amazed at her naiveté in a world which long ago lost its innocence. Yet, Sarah remained innocent in so many ways.
Louis sent her a mocking smirk before putting on the black tee once more. "Money, Sarah. Cold, hard cash is what he would have to gain. And a great deal of power and control. You don't see it, though, because you have a good heart."
He leaned closer, his face intent. "Hang on to your optimistic innocence, Sarah. It's a rare commodity these days."
Sarah shook her head sadly. It baffled her why someone would be evil when they had the opportunity to do what's right.
Unable to hold still a second longer, Sarah stood and paced a ten foot length directly in front of the entrance, back and forth. She wouldn't stop until David returned.
Louis sat beside Nicole and played a few hand games to keep her amused and occupied. He didn't know how long they would have to wait and there was little else to do in the cave.
The wait for David's return seemed to take forever when in reality it lasted less than an hour. David entered the cave and nodded to Louis who looked up sharply, reaching automatically for the .45 at his back waist. His concealed belt holster still lay on the nightstand next to his bed at the cabin.
Louis blew out a relieved breath a moment later, forcing his muscles to relax. He was wound as tight as a spring. Giving Nicole a hand up, he walked with her over to the other adults who stood in a loose embrace.
Louis drew David's attention. "Did they already pass by?"
"Yes. We should be safe if we leave now. Nightfall will come in a matter of minutes and the darkness will hide us."
Louis took Nicole's hand and led the way with David and Sarah following close behind. They headed in the direction of safety-southwest.
~*~
Nightfall arrived swiftly in the forest where trees blocked so much of the sun. Through an opening in the dense foliage, David searched the star-filled sky, noticing the half moon as it lit sections of their path. They'd walked for nearly eight hours and the new day would soon be here. Time was running out. Once daylight came, their trail would be easy to follow and their shroud of protective darkness gone.
Nicole grew weary after several miles of walking through the dense forest behind Louis. In the thick darkness, Nicole couldn't see and tripped twice, saved by David's quick reflexes. David smiled down to Nicole and offered to carry her, piggy-back style, allowing Louis to take a few turns. After living so many centuries, he understood the male pride all too well.
David carried Nicole barely half an hour when he looked over his shoulder to see if Louis wanted to take another turn. Louis closed his eyes and grimaced in pain when he rotated his shoulders and arched his back. Though David could revive Louis' mortal body with God's power, he did not do so. Weariness did not demand such a miracle and he knew it would not be appropriate.
David felt the weight of Nicole's head as it rested against his shoulder blades. He turned his head to the side and watched Sarah struggle not to show her fatigue, though her feet dragged with each step she took. He came to a stop, knowing all the mortals needed to rest.
Louis eyed David, his exhaustion momentarily forgotten. Instinctively, he scanned the forest around them.
"What? What's wrong?"
"It is time to rest, Louis," David replied softly. He lowered Nicole's sleeping form to the soft grass directly in front of a tree. The trees were at least fifty feet tall. The rich smell of pine and damp, night earth filled their nostrils. The soothing scent would relax their minds and refresh them when they needed to go.
"No."
David's head came up and the men met eye to eye. Louis pulled himself together with brave effort, but the signs of physical and emotional strain were evident in his eyes. His pride showed itself again.
"We can still go on, David. I'll carry Nicole for a while." He bent over to pick up Nicole when David's hand delayed his movement. Louis' head popped up in challenge.
David spoke quietly, calmly. He placed a reassuring hand on the man's shoulder. "If I were human it would be time to rest for me as well. The girls are also tired. Their needs must come first."
Brow puckered with indecision, Louis' followed David's eyes over to the base of the tree. Sarah sat propped up against the thick, rough bark, nodding off to sleep. David was right; the girls were beat. He felt ashamed for overlooking their condition. He blamed his own exhaustion and desire to push them hard, away from danger. The sooner they reached a town, the sooner he could hide them and investigate his suspicions.
Uttering a muted curse, Louis hung his head. "You're right. Sorry, David." After a moment he raised his head and met the angel's compassionate eyes. "But only for an hour or so. We can't afford to stay here too long. We have to reach a town or house, at the very least. What we really need are wheels."
"Wheels?" David cocked his head in confusion.
A crooked grin split Louis' face. He burst out laughing only to smoother it with his hand, afraid of waking the girls. It was the first time he'd smiled with genuine amusement since meeting the formidable angel.
"Wheels-a car, truck, buggy. I'm not picky at this point. Even a couple of horses would work."
David laughed and Louis was immediately struck by a weird feeling, like a blanket of euphoria wrapping around him. The sound saturated the night air. It provoked a strange but good sensation. Angels must produce an aura of peace around humans. Louis felt very peaceful right about now.
"Wheels, you say? Then wheels it shall be."
David's eyes twinkled with mischief and Louis could only imagine what the angel meant to do. "What are you up to, David?"
Not bothering with a reply, David closed his eyes and simply waited. Louis watched him closely, intrigued by his every facial move. He would swear David was mentally talking with someone. Louis would bet a good steak dinner he knew who spoke on the other end of the line.
Giving a brief nod, David opened his eyes and looked down to see Louis watching him. Already David could hear the questions bursting from within the man.
Shifting his stance and crossing his arms, Louis cocked a brow. "So, what did the Head Honcho have to say about it?"
David only smiled, as if relishing a secret.
In a matter of seconds a faint sound could be heard in the distance. Louis whirled into a crouch, reaching behind his back for the .45. His eyes desperately tried to penetrate the darkness. David reached down and stilled Louis' eager hand with his calm one. Louis' grip on the weapon eased, gradually.
In a soft, tranquil voice David said, "The answer to our dilemma comes. You will need no weapon against this ally."
"Answer? Did God just drop off a car? Is it coming over here? Is another angel driving it?" he asked, each question more urgent and louder than the last.
"Not quite."
Louis looked up and narrowed his eyes on the angel. His smile looked entirely too smug. Something was definitely up.
David leaned to the left and Louis followed suit. David pointed through a section of trees where it appeared hikers once traveled. Thick and lush, the ground was mostly dirt, rocks and sticks, with grass in few places.
"Go. The driver does not know of our presence or our needs."
Louis needed no further prompting. He took off at a run through the trees, following the dirt path and the car's bobbing headlights, which shone like a beacon in the dark forest. He ran hard for less than a minute when he saw the vehicle up ahead. The dark green jeep ate up the dirt beneath its tires. It blended in so well with the scenery, Louis might've missed the body tint of the car were it not moving with the headlights on. In a few more seconds the jeep would pass them by and there would go the only transportation for miles around.
With a burst of speed, Louis raced for their salvation.
~*~
David watched with wisdom and joy as Louis raced toward his destiny. The jeep sped across their path, only feet away. The Lord allowed David to see it as it happened-Louis flagging down the jeep, the gravelly sound of tires fighting to stop on the dirt and rock beneath it. The wheels ground into the dirt, coming to an abrupt halt. A pair of voices yelled at one another.
Louis just met his future wife, though it would be some time before he realized it. Mortal men, and women for that matter, could be so uncooperative in dealings of love. Sometimes it was all God could do to make mankind see what He could see.
David's eyes instinctively sought the woman with which he wished to spend a mortal life. She was so rare, like a precious jewel beyond price. Her heart remained pure and obedient to God's will. Maybe if God found favor with her, He would grant them both a time together. Even if it wasn't a lifetime, David would always be grateful for this time they shared.
Yet, he wanted so much more. The joys of helping her raise Nicole, watching her grow old and even more lovely than she was now.
A forbidden thought entered his mind but he was unable to stop it from blooming into a full desire. He wanted children, many children with Sarah-children they would conceive together and raise in the admiration of the Lord. Angels were forbidden to procreate, but he wanted desperately to share the experience with Sarah, the honor of parenthood. They'd raise their children surrounded by love and respect, learning the ways of Christ and God's love. There would be trials, of course, but even those he would cherish. The lessons of God were a blessing, not a curse. It would be a dream come true, one he'd felt for centuries.
If only...

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

 "An angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream saying, "Get up, 
take the child and his mother and escape to Egypt. Stay 
there until I tell you, for Herod is going to 
search for the child to kill him."   
Matthew 2:13

Chapter Eight

"What in the blue blazes are you doing running out in the middle of the road like some kind of crazed madman?"
Louis stared, transfixed at the glorious beauty who rose out of her jeep's seat. One hand sat on the top of her steering wheel and the other on top of the windshield. The top was down and her angry voice carried strongly. He started to open his mouth and smart off, telling her there wasn't a road way out here in the forest, but one look at her smoky gray eyes said he'd better keep his trap shut.
She looked down at him from her height advantage, but met his eyes squarely. Hers flashed annoyance when he widened his stance firmly in front of her car's hood. A slight breeze lifted and tossed her shoulder-length, auburn curls around her heart-shaped face. She swatted the curls back angrily, only to have them blow into her face again. He was enchanted.
The woman showed nerve, he'd give her that much, at least. Although, he wouldn't credit her with too much intelligence. He could be a murderer on the run for all she knew and here she stood yelling at him, taking a chance he might decide to blow her head off. He reminded himself she hadn't seen his handgun, yet. Or his badge.
Billie pursed her lips as her brows drew together, not sure what to make of the man in front of her car. The hunk, she reluctantly admitted. The guy wore the goofiest expression on his face, like he was enthralled by his favorite TV show-probably COPS.
What is his problem and what does he want? And why the devil is he staring at me like I'm a bowl of chocolate ice cream with a cherry on top?
Billie narrowed her eyes and purred, "Do we speak?"
Her false innocence and decidedly sarcastic tone was not lost on Louis. He stood dead still while she batted her eyelashes at him. His face hardened and he cursed inwardly. The woman is asking for trouble. Louis forced himself to focus on the urgency of the situation and snap out of it. It's time to get to work, Felding.
His voice came out husky and sharper than he'd intended. "Yeah, we speak just fine, lady." Louis noted her reaction. Her eyes widened in surprise, though he wasn't sure if from his words or the sound of his voice. His lips twisted in anger when he realized his voice came out way too emotional.
He reached back and snatched his leather wallet from his pants pocket. With a flip of his wrist, he flashed his badge, giving her a moment to squint and notice his face matched the one in the picture. He took a few steps offside, circling the front fender until he stood a few feet from the jeep's door. Never losing eye contact, he flipped the holder closed and returned it to his back pocket. Slowly, she lowered herself back into her seat, her eyes still glued to his. The harshness around her lips and eyes were gone and she almost looked-entranced.
"Officer Louis Felding. I need to commandeer your vehicle for emergency police business."
As if waking from a dream, the woman blinked several times. In slow motion, her face changed. The dream-like quality disappeared to be replaced with a hard edge once more. Louis almost hated seeing the sexy look leave her eyes.
With precision and accuracy, the woman placed one hand firmly on the wheel and the other on her gearshift. She narrowed her eyes and the hint of a smirk tilted her lips. Her face dared him to make a wisecrack remark.
Louis realized he'd better do some fast talking if he meant to save this ride. He didn't want to take this vehicle at gunpoint. God alone knew how the woman would react then.
"Wrong!" she hissed at him and the sound made him jump. "I've seen this in movies, mister. You'll trash a car I spent the better part of six years saving for." In a low, surprisingly masculine voice she mimicked, "Then you'll say, So sorry there, little lady. Here's a couple thousand to get a piece of crap car."
Louis was getting ticked off! His face hardened and his eyes lowered to mere slits. One hand reached behind his back slowly, deliberately. He saw the woman's face go blank with disbelief for a second then she shivered. As well she should. This irritating woman was starting to get on his nerves. He felt bone weary and needed to see to Sarah and Nicole's safety. A testy, stubborn...beautiful civilian was the last thing he wanted or needed right now. Even if she is easy on the eyes.
Louis took one step forward until he all but pressed against the driver's door. He left his handgun tucked into his back waistband and brought his hands to his hips. The woman tensed but Louis didn't care at this point. She had it coming.
"Listen here, lady-there's a child and mother stranded in the forest," he said with a jerk of his head in their direction. "They're tired and we all need to get to the closest town as quickly as possible."
In a heartbeat, her entire countenance changed. He didn't know what he said to give her such a wild, frightened look, but she rose out of her seat again. He realized in a flash he'd just gained the home court advantage. She apparently wanted to help.
"A child! And her mother? Anyone else?"
Those gray eyes of hers had gone a shade darker. In fear, worry? "Yes. Myself, another...man, a woman and the child. Do you know how to get to the closest town?"
"I think so. We're a good four hours from civilization, though. I'm also... Well, I'm a bit lost." She cringed when he sighed heavily in exasperation. "Calm down. It's no big deal. I figure if I turn around and go the way I came, I'll see familiar landmarks until I get back to the paved back roads."
"Good. I'll go get the others."
The woman no longer looked at him, though. Her eyes moved past him and zeroed in on something over his shoulder. He heard a low masculine voice say, "We are here."
Louis turned to find Nicole asleep in David's arms and a worn out Sarah barely standing at his side.
A strangled gasp from the jeep made Louis spin back around. He grunted in surprise when she banged the door open against his chest and yelled, "Get out of the way!"
She leaped from the jeep and ran over to where the child slept in David's arms. She felt for a pulse then touched the child's forehead gently.
David looked down from his great height and smiled warmly at the petite woman who possessed so much love in her heart for the needy.
"She is unharmed, though exhausted from our long walk and too little sleep."
The woman nodded sharply. "Okay, then. Let's get going."
In the blink of an eye, all traces of fear and humor were gone. The woman was all business and well in control of the situation. She issued orders to Louis in a military manner to help her reattach the jeep's roof, to protect them all, but especially the child from the cold night air.
Louis sat in the front beside the woman while David and Sarah took the back seats, Nicole still tucked safely within David's strong arms. The woman did a quick and efficient U-turn and drove as fast as possible down the dirt road.
Louis discretely studied the woman as she drove, her face etched in concentration. Her reaction seemed strange, as if she had a personal stake in their outcome. It didn't make sense, so he focused on something he could understand.
With a slow appreciative appraisal, he took her in from head to toe. A wild, red, riot of curls and body surrounded her head. Her eyes, though he couldn't see them, were burned into his memory. Smoky, sexy orbs which darkened at a moment's notice with her passionate range of emotions. Her skin wasn't fair but sported a natural, healthy glow from a love of the sun and appeared smooth and unblemished.
She wore a simple tank top and walking shorts in army green and brown leather, worn hiking boots, topped with thick white socks. Although it was dark, he could tell her legs and arms were toned, giving her a more than capable appearance. She was not a knockout in the traditional sense, but Louis couldn't deny she had a sex-appeal he couldn't resist. She wasn't some rail-thin, paper model, but a vibrant, real woman who intrigued the heck out of him.
And brave-he admitted it easily. He knew bravery and stupidity sometimes went hand in hand. It came with the territory. She was an enigma he wanted to discover, a puzzle he wanted to solve. Who is this woman who fit so unexpectedly into our plans?
He watched her bright auburn hair tease her face as they passed through occasional beams of moonlight. His fingers itched to take the mass into his hands, bring it to his face and breathe it in, then comb it away from her sexy eyes and enchanting face. Once more she swatted a handful out of her eyes as if she did it in reflex all of the time.
"Got a name?" Louis was proud of himself. His voice came out sounding normal.
She gave him a brief glimpse from those gray eyes before she spoke. "Billie Rayburn. You said Louis Felding, right?"
"Right." She was quick, too.
When he didn't offer anything else, she asked in a peevish voice, "Is that it? No explanations why you're out in the middle of nowhere with a family of three?"
He didn't bother correcting her assumption. In a very real sense they were already a family-or hoped to be.
Instead, he bit out gruffly, "Police business." After a pause he added, "I could ask the same question to you. What are you doing way out here in the middle of the night, getting lost?"
Billie bristled at the implied insult. He just had to tag that on, didn't he?
From the back seat, David said quietly, "She will need to know, Louis, if she is to understand our circumstances and help us."
That's the problem, Louis thought. I don't want to involve Billie Rayburn any more than necessary. He tried not to think why he felt this way, but he firmed his resolve not to get her involved.
David kept his voice low and soft. "This is why she is here, Louis. You must trust her."
Louis heard the undertone of authority in his words.
Billie sent him an odd look laced with question, yet she remained quiet. Louis was unsure what he should do. He debated exactly how much of the truth he should reveal. Billie was a civilian, unlike David's unique circumstances. Even though Billie and her jeep were provided for their use, it didn't give her the right to know everything about the case.
He conceded one thing, though-she was entitled to a few facts. Facts which might protect her as well as themselves.
"I've been assigned to protect Nicole, the child, and Sarah, her mother. Nicole is our only witness in a case I'm working."
"And him?" she whispered, nodding to the back seat while keeping her eyes trained on Louis.
David answered in Louis' stead. "I too have been assigned to protect Nicole and Sarah, by a different authority."
Billie raised a brow in consideration at the vague response. CIA, FBI, DEA-what government agency is he working out of?
"Don't ask," Louis muttered. "It's a long story."
Her words were wry. "Uh-huh, I can imagine."
After a few minutes, Louis turned his head toward her and caught his breath. A mask of worry lined her face. The vulnerability in her eyes made him want to protect Billie and keep her safe-keep her with him and by his side. Not because she was an innocent bystander, but something more, something he couldn't define. What frightened him the most was his inability to know why this thought stuck itself in his head.
"Tell me one thing, Louis. Am I... Are any of us in danger? Real danger?"
He would not lie to her. "Yes." When she tensed up he added quickly, "Don't worry, though. David and I will make sure no harm comes to any of you. I swear."
She studied him for a moment then glanced into her rearview mirror and saw David nod his agreement. Very slowly, she released a pent-up breath and worked to relax her tensed muscles.
They rode on in silence, each consumed with the same thought, making it to a town before anyone could find them. Nicole's life was at stake. Nicole and Sarah were spared the burden of worry. Each found temporary peace through sleep.
Nearly an hour later, the distant sound of machinery could be heard. Louis instantly recognized the whirling blades of a helicopter. Trained instinct took over.
"Park under those trees, Billie! Hurry!"
She complied and in seconds they were well hidden from view.
Billie glanced up and gasped, whispering toward Louis, "Oh, my God! He's gone!" She turned to confirm her fears, seeing Nicole asleep, alone in the seat. "When did he jump out?"
"It's okay, Billie. He'll be back." Louis reached out a hand and, without thought, touched her cheek. Her head whipped in his direction, her surprise evident. Their eyes locked and Louis tried to silently reassure her, everything would be okay. He didn't have time to examine the other emotions he felt and saw reflected in her eyes.
Sarah woke with a start and Billie motioned with a finger to be silent. Frantically, Sarah searched the area around the jeep.
"David..?" Her voice sounded loud in the great expanse of the forest.
"Shh. Easy, Sarah. He's checking things out. He'll be back when he's done, you know?" Louis motioning with his head for her to get the picture.
Instinctively, Sarah looked up, searching the sky, even though none of them could hear the helicopter anymore.
Billie followed her gaze and scowled over to Louis. "What's going on here?" Her whisper sounded harsh and loud in the sudden quiet. "It's not normal to jump from a speeding vehicle!"
"It's the first thing you've said that makes perfect sense. No, he's not normal. We'll leave it at that."
Billie's eyes widened in disbelief. He must be joking! Anger radiated from her eyes in waves. She leaned toward him. "We will not leave it at-"
Louis didn't have time for this. The woman needed to learn how to take orders.
He leaned over the stick-shift and closed the remaining distance between them until they were nose to nose. His large hands reached out quickly and took her shoulders in a firm grip, giving her a little shake for good measure. Billie's eyes change with a female response to their closeness and Louis' body hardened in surprise by the mutual attraction. Damn it, Felding. Get your head screwed on straight. You're on assignment, not a date.
His voiced dropped from his intense emotions. "Yes, we will leave it at that. Now hush, Billie. We won't be waiting here for very long. You're just going to have to...trust me," he ended with a rough whisper as their noses touched. Unable to resist, he leaned a hairs' breath closer until their foreheads rested against each other, their warm breath mingling. He would swear it was the most erotic touch he'd ever experienced. What on earth is wrong with me?
Louis pulled back enough to see Billie's mouth open in surprised wonder, her breath coming in quick, but quiet gasps. He was tempted. Lord help him, he was so tempted...
A twig snapped, gaining Louis' attention. The sound of footsteps brought a mild curse to his lips. He pushed Billie away and drew his handgun a second later, aiming it in the direction of the giveaway sound.
David appeared in human form from behind a distant tree looking entirely too calm. Louis blew out a relieved breath, shut his eyes for a moment and then put his weapon away. He didn't miss the horrified expression on Billie's face as she stared at his weapon. Her eyes were glued to it until it disappeared behind his back.
"All is clear," David said quietly. "They've landed at the cave site. It won't take them long to decipher our path and follow. When they realize we have...wheels, time will be short. It will be a simple matter to discover our intended destination."
"The town," Louis and Billie said simultaneously. Startled, their eyes met briefly before looking away.
Sarah left the jeep and found solace in David's embrace. She glanced at Nicole, amazed her daughter slept through the entire drama.
"We're running out of time. We have maybe half a day," Louis replied, grateful he at least sounded in control.
"We have until around noon tomorrow." Billie hit the light illuminating her watch. "It doesn't give me too much time."
Louis narrowed his eyes, not in irritation but in worry. He didn't like her including herself in their situation. He wanted Billie out of harm's way, not involved in any of this. After all, she was a civilian.
"What do you mean 'me'? Time to do what?"
Billie pressed her lips together in the stubborn feminine way that told a man not even a crow bar could pry out an answer. Blasted woman!
"Let's get moving before we run into daybreak," she said briskly.
Everyone filed back into the car. David placed the slumbering Nicole back onto his lap and pulled Sarah close to the warmth of his body. The race was on and there was a new enemy.
Time.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Do not forget to entertain strangers, for by so doing some 
have entertained angels unawares.
Hebrews 13:2

Chapter Nine

Billie casually looked into the rearview mirror and blinked in confusion. Something about the tall man bothered her. He acted friendly enough and appeared to really care about his girlfriend and the kid. Yet, he just didn't seem...right somehow.
Then there was Louis. Although gorgeous in an earthy, sexy way, he must be much older than she. He scared at least ten years off her life earlier by jumping in her jeep's path. Thank God she'd been looking straight ahead or she might've run him over.
His intensity unnerved her in many different ways. It caused her to be frightened one moment and turned on the next. What is it about this man that appeals to me on so many levels?
She shivered when she recalled the moment she refused to relinquish her jeep. No one would ever call her a fool. No way would she tell him "No" again. Unless, of course, he needed to borrow her car after they reached the town. 
If they reached it. She couldn't be sure they were heading back in the correct direction. The dirt road split off several times and, basically, she guessed the direction at each fork in the road. God help them all. If she didn't recognize a landmark in the next thirty minutes, she would stop and reevaluate which direction she should go.
Ten minutes later she gasped and pointed off to the right, bringing the car to a lurching halt.
"What on earth?" Louis growled, grabbing the dashboard to keep from flying into it. The slow, hard glare he sent Billie spoke volumes.
"Look! See the huge boulder over there? I saw it on my way into the forest. We're going in the right direction after all. Hot dog!" she crowed, slapping the steering wheel for good measure.
Louis tried to smile until one side of his mouth lifted gradually. It was all he could manage in his exhausted state.
"Great, kid. Then put her in gear."
Billie became very still, her eyes narrowed as she turned to face him. Her voice became dangerously quiet. "The last man who made the mistake of calling me 'kid' got a broken nose and sore privates lasting a week. Advice to live by-old man." When his smile died, she grinned, smug with her witty comeback. 
Louis' lips curled back in irritation. Now, wait just a minute! Okay, so I just turned thirty-six. My body and mind are in the prime of life. She, on the other hand, looks barely eighteen, if I were to go by her deceptively sweet face and tight body. Louis looked down, watching his hands ball into fists. He wouldn't be a bit surprised if her folks didn't know she'd jacked the jeep! Hell, she probably still went to college.
The nerve of the guy! Billie fumed. The man is probably forty at least, even if he doesn't really look it. And he is way too old for my twenty-six years. Unconsciously, she drummed her fingernails on the steering wheel. Her anger gathered steadily.
Kid! She hated being called it as a kid and she hated it even more now. Just because she stood at only five-foot three and took good care of her skin-
"You wanna slow down there-kid. Eighty on a so-called dirt road in the middle of a forest isn't wise."
His know-it-all grin made her fingers itch. Billie seethed for a second then grinned mischievously. She couldn't resist giving him a bit of his own back. "Oh, yes. And we all know with advanced age comes wisdom. Tell me, is the memory starting to go yet?"
Louis snapped his teeth together and rolled his shoulders back defensively at the insult. The woman is a royal pain!
"Just drive," he barked, pointing to the path before them. "Carefully, this time."
The late hour affected everyone, Louis realized. He hoped the pathway to town opened up soon. They all needed a few hours of shuteye in order to think straight. Everyone except David, of course.
At almost six-thirty in the morning Billie said, "There it is, up ahead! The paved road will lead into town." Billie glanced over to Louis. "It won't be long now."
"How long?"
Billie shrugged. "About another twenty minutes."
Enduring the drive in quiet, each anticipated the sight of the town. When it finally came into view, Louis drew his brows together and frowned. It appeared to be a very small town. Not good. The sign they passed read Plumsville, population 928. A larger town would've been preferable where they could essentially get lost and hide out. "Great, just great," he muttered.
When Billie didn't slow down and the last run-down building was left in their dust, he growled in her direction, "Where do you think you're going? Turn around...now."
"No."
She didn't even hesitate but kept her foot steady on the gas and her eyes focused straight ahead. "I guess you don't know this area too well. Down this road, in about another hour, it will split off in two directions. If I go west, I'll reach my hometown in less than ten minutes. I have an idea where to hide Nicole and Sarah."
"Billie..." Louis' tone held a deep note of warning.
"Please, Louis, trust me on this one. I would never put them in harm's way."
Louis sobered at the complete seriousness of her tone and the expression on her face. To say Louis felt taken aback would be an understatement. Why should she care so much for their safety, a bunch of troublesome strangers? She seemed especially concerned for Nicole's safety. Her glance in the rearview mirror every few minutes gave it away. He couldn't decide which affected him more, her use of "please" or his name spoken so tenderly. Whichever, it caused his pulse to race and his heart to beat hard against his chest. His exhaustion messed with his control and Louis couldn't prevent the rush of emotions coursing through his mind and body. What is happening to me?
Wearily he rubbed a hand over his face. "Okay, Billie. Where are you going to hide them?"
"At my place of business. You will all be safe within those walls." 
Billie offered nothing further in explanation and Louis suddenly felt too tired to grill her for more details. As David said, it looked like they would have to trust her.
~*~
Malone paused at the footprints deep in the moist earth and saw how they all veered off to the right. He studied them for less than a minute, noting the size eleven and size nine shoe alongside the woman's seven. The child's footprints went missing several miles back and he assumed, by the depth of the larger footprints, she was being carried. Two men were aiding them. He followed their trail with skill and speed, his men close behind. Abruptly he stopped, cursing at what he found.
Malone hunkered down into an easy squat. "Tracks-SUV, maybe a jeep. It appears someone has given the two Denison girls and the men a ride."
He looked up at one of the men in black standing close at his side. "Call in the chopper. This dirt road leads to a town up ahead. I'm going to get these two tonight while the trail is hot." An icy resolve formed a frigid mask over his emotionless features. Muscles encased in black tensed as he slowly stood and brushed the damp earth from his fingers. Cold, deadly eyes traveled from man to man in his unit. Their faces mirrored his own. This wasn't personal. This was business.
Ten minutes later they were in the chopper and on their way. Malone checked the time on his diver's watch. Fifteen minutes more by air. No one could hide in Plumsville for long. The town was too small to hide anyone effectively. Finding a target in a large city, though, was the real challenge. This knowledge bothered him for a moment, but he shrugged it off.
Evil lurked within his smile. After tonight's job was done he would celebrate and buy himself a drink, maybe even one for his men. He always rewarded himself after a completed assignment.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

 "An angel from Heaven appeared to him (Jesus) 
and strengthened him."
Luke 22:43

Chapter Ten

David watched in silence as the second town came into view. The first pink rays of dawn peeked over the horizon. They would need to hide Sarah and Nicole before the sun rose too high in the morning sky. Sarah nodded off minutes ago after sitting so stiffly beside him, clinging to his arm and thigh in scared desperation.
Even Louis lost the battle against sleep, his head nodding down until Billie hit a bump or a pothole. David shook his head ever so slightly and a smile touched the corners of his mouth. Stubborn mortal. Although, he supposed stubbornness gave humans their zest to live life so fully. Focused correctly, their passionate natures could overcome almost anything.
Nicole shifted on his lap and he readjusted his hold so she would be more comfortable. She woke after they left the lights of the first town behind. He briefly explained who Billie was and he was happy to see the child and driver exchange shy smiles through the rearview mirror.
"Welcome to Sleepyeye, West Virginia," Billie stated with pride. Louis and Sarah woke with a start, reacting to the sudden sound inside the jeep.
"David?" Sarah asked, blinking away sleep.
"Here, my angel. Billie will hide you and Nicole at the house for children where she works. You will be safe."
Billie shot him a startled look and quickly closed her opened mouth. How on earth could he have known who and where she worked? Her eyes moved quickly to Louis who returned her challenging stare. She couldn't help it; it was impossible to keep quiet in the face of David's knowledge.
"Who are you people? How did you know I...work at the Home?" She directed her last question to David by way of the rearview mirror.
When he remained quiet, Louis huffed in annoyance, tempted to tell Billie the truth about David and his insight.
Instead he mumbled, "Uhh, he has a few connections in..." Cough. "High places."
"You people aren't being straight with me about something," Billie growled. "And I don't like it!"
"Yeah, well...join the club," Louis muttered.
"David, where are we going now?" Nicole squirmed on David's lap, anxious to stretch her legs and get to their destination.
"To a place where you can play with many other children," David replied and gave her a hug. She returned it with enthusiasm.
"Oh, boy!" she cried and bounced on his lap with glee. Even though exhausted, smiles lit each adult mouth from witnessing Nicole's innocence.
David and Sarah exchanged a private look of delight. Louis turned to Billie and was surprised to see envy and a great deal of pain in her winsome eyes.
Nicole asked the age-old predictable question. "Are we there yet?"
A moment of quiet held them in suspense and then all four adults broke into peals of laughter. The blessed release of tension felt good. Nicole looked at each adult in turn, confusion in her sweet eyes. David and Sarah hugged her tightly and she decided grown-ups were a strange group.
"Yeah," Billie replied with a delayed chuckle. "Almost there, baby."
The sun crested just over the horizon. Louis began to get nervous. He didn't want anyone spotting them in the daylight. He kept his eyes focused around him and his ears open to signs of pursuit.
David, on the other hand, remained calm, although alert. He smiled down at Sarah when she squeezed his arm. In a matter of minutes they were well into the city. It would be much easier to hide here than in the small town they passed. At least for a while.
"Well, here we are. This is where I work," Billie said pulling into a parking space. In a smooth motion, she maneuvered the stick into park and turned off the engine.
Louis narrowed his eyes as he read the sign on the old, red brick building. "Home of Dreams?"
"Yes. Many hopes, many dreams." Her pride was evident, but Louis wondered at her serious countenance.
Billie checked her watch. "Come on. We open in less than five minutes."
"Seven am? Geez, lady, what do you do in there?"
"Everything," Billie muttered dryly.
David opened his door and set down a squirming Nicole, then turned to accept Sarah's hand. He searched her face and knew a moment's fear. Soon Louis and he would be leaving this sanctuary to gather evidence needed to bring Vincent Moretti to justice.
He didn't make this decision easily. Back in the cave he told Louis the fight against man belonged to the officer alone. During the drive, the realization came it would no longer be only this man's fight, but his as well. The Lord would not be happy if he left Nicole's side, but he knew Nicole and Sarah would remain safe within these walls. If he wished to be human, he would need to protect Nicole and Sarah as any mortal man would. This meant trusting others like Louis and Billie to help keep the girls safe. It also meant finding the evidence which would put Vincent Moretti in prison.
Everyone moved to the front door. David eyed Billie warily as she dug through a very large bag for...something. She had been chosen to intervene in their lives for reasons beyond simple transportation. God's wisdom was perfect and David would place his faith in His perfect plan.
Louis was the other addition in their lives. God placed him here with extreme care. The mortal officer proved intelligent with much experience in battling evil men. Whatever ideas Louis entertained to bring Moretti to justice, David would place his trust in Louis' judgment.
Once inside the brick two-story building, David searched row upon row of twin-sized beds until he located the little girl the Lord described. She and Nicole were close to the same age. Nicole would be able to reach this child. God confided in him that Nicole needed to befriend the little girl, for both of their sakes. David did not understand why, but no one questioned the will of God. They simply obeyed. Maybe these two children would be able to help each other through their separate fears.
"An orphanage?" Louis motioned with his head at the sea of beds and children. Among them were a few adults-women.
"Not really," she whispered and held a finger to her lips.
She led them forward through the rows of sleeping children and women to a swinging door. Once through, they entered a brief hallway. Louis looked from side to side.
Billie motioned to a door on the left. "Cafeteria." Then pointing to a door on the right she whispered, "Kitchen." Inside they could hear someone moving around.
"Who's the director of this place?" Louis whispered close to her ear. The sudden rush of his warm breath against her ear and neck sent waves of longing through Billie's body until it settled low in her abdomen. The man defined lethal.
Billie looked over her shoulder and felt a shiver at how very close their faces were to each other. "You're looking at her, tough guy." Billie saw his eyes pop open wide and couldn't help offering him a crooked smile.
Nicole tugged on Billie's sleeve. "If you're the boss, then it's really okay to stay here?" The hope in Nicole's eyes touched Billie's heart.
Bending over to face Nicole, eye to eye, she said, "Absolutely, honey. For as long as you and your mom want."
"David, too?" Nicole pleaded, clasping David's hand.
Billie frowned as if uncomfortable with the question. Slowly she rose back to her full height, her worried gaze going from David to Louis then back to Nicole. "Uhh, I'm not sure, honey. The Home is for moms and kids who are in trouble and need a safe place to stay. Men aren't allowed in the building after closing hours at eight pm."
Nicole giggled. "Then it's okay! David isn't a man, he's an-"
Sarah quickly put a hand over Nicole's moving mouth, smiling a bit too brightly. Billie knew the look. The woman didn't want her innocent daughter revealing some secret. Billie's eyes narrowed in suspicion.
Sarah uttered a nervous laugh. "Now, now, pumpkin, none of that. I'm sure Miss Billie can make a special concession for David and Louis, considering why they're with us."
"What's con-ces-sion, Mommy?"
Louis chimed in, ruffling the child's hair. "It means we're staying, sport. At least for a day until I'm sure it's safe for you and your mom." Louis raised his eyes to Billie in clear challenge, daring her to say No.
"Yeah!" Nicole cheered and all four adults shushed her.
With her hands on her hips, Billie looked pointedly at Louis then David. "I must insist you both stay in the rooms of my apartment at the back of the Home once it's eight o'clock. My girls here trust me to keep them safe. Although I know neither of you would hurt anyone here, they do not."
"We get it, Billie." Louis nodded his cooperation and understanding.
A loud bang caused everyone to jump. Louis felt for his weapon but David's hand stayed the motion. He released his hold when David shook his head. The loud sounds came from the kitchen on the right where a dark-skinned woman, visible through a small glass window in the door, hummed merrily. Billie eased the door open and everyone followed her inside.
"Tanya, you could wake the dead with all that racket!"
"Billie!" Tanya turned in surprise, her brows high in her forehead. "What'cha doing here? I thought you were going to finally take a camping vacation and get some peace and quiet."
"I was. I got sidetracked."
Tanya's eyes shifted to the group behind her boss. Good-natured humor laced her voice. "So I see."
Tanya squatted down to see Nicole better, but the child remained half-hidden by David's tall frame.
A wide grin split her face. "And who's this cutie-pie hiding from Miss Tanya?"
Sarah spoke. "This is my daughter, Nicole. I'm Sarah Denison."
Tanya nodded to each in turn, her smile infectious. Louis and David also introduced themselves.
Billie drew Tanya's attention. "They're going to stay in my quarters for a while." At Tanya's raised brows and pointed look at the men, Billie held up a hand to forestall any questions. "It's a long story, so don't ask."
The big woman stood and shrugged. Her ample figure kept moving even after she stopped. "You're the boss."
Billie laughed. "In name only, Tanya. This place couldn't run without you and you know it!"
A loud stage whisper came from below.
"Mommy, I'm hungry," Nicole pleaded, looking soulfully into her mother's face.
"I'll see she gets something good in her little tummy," Tanya replied cheerfully. At the promise of food, Nicole forgot her shyness and skipped the few feet to Tanya's side.
Tanya bent in half and whispered down into the cherub face. "Say, sweetie, you ever scrambled forty eggs at once?"
Nicole looked up at the large woman in awe, her lips forming a perfect 'O.' She whispered back, "No, but that's gotta be a lot of chickens, Miss Tanya."
The woman laughed roundly and hugged Nicole to her side. "It sure is, cutie-pie."
Billie motioned to the adults. "This way, everybody. Nicole will be fine here for a while." She pushed the kitchen door open, motioning for the others to file out.
At the end of the hall a door led to another hallway, this one running left and right. Billie turned left until she reached another door at the end then pulled out a large set of keys. They jingled loudly while she searched for the correct key.
Louis walked into the large living room first, taking in Billie's earthy apartment. There were plants everywhere-on the floor, hanging from the ceiling and a few on end tables. It looked like a well-kept jungle.
"Wow! Nice place, kid," Louis drawled, obviously impressed.
Billie glanced around, her face lacking emotion. "Yeah, I guess it's okay."
Her dull tone stopped Louis cold. He turned slowly and raised a brow, first by her lack of reaction to "kid"-which came as a surprise. Then her lifeless reaction to his words. Why didn't Billie like her apartment? The room was large and decorated nicely in green and soft brown with bright yellow pillows on the couch. She should be proud of such a nice-looking apartment. Something about her response didn't fit.
Louis didn't have a chance to dwell on it, though, because she was on the move once again.
"In here." Billie tilted her head and continued forward, walking to the left side of the apartment where a brief hall separated two other rooms across from each other. The doors were both open.
"These can be your rooms. Sarah and David can have mine on the right side and Louis can have the guestroom," she said, gesturing to one room then the other.
Louis' brows furrowed. Billie's lack of eye contact disturbed him. Her eyes remained on Sarah, refusing to look away. She never saw him nod or the suspicion in his eyes. Louis needed to see her eyes, wanted to find out what lay hidden behind the sadness he saw there.
Louis took two steps forward until his arm brushed hers, drawing a look of surprise. He dropped his voice to a husky purr. "What about Nicole?" Louis recognized the thrill of attraction and heat in his lower belly. He felt slightly shocked to discover he cared about Billie and wanted her attention.
Sarah cleared her throat with a smile. "She can sleep with me and, uhh, David."
Billie tore her eyes away from Louis. "If you can trust me to keep her safe, she can stay with me." She assumed the couple would want some privacy.
"No! Really, it's all right." Sarah blushed scarlet. Looking to David for help, she saw his confusion at her discomfort. "David and I aren't... That is, we don't..."
It dawned on David what she was trying to say. "We are not married," David replied with dignity, moving to surround Sarah with his arm. In a voice full of pride and love he said, "If we are allowed, we will marry after this assignment is completed."
"I see." But Billie's squinched brows said she really didn't. Allowed? By whom?
David dropped his arm and Sarah clasped her hand in his. "I will watch over each in your room, Billie."
She nodded and made the mistake of looking over to Louis. His face searched hers intently. Louis' intense look made her shiver and her feeling of vulnerability increased. Billie looked away quickly.
"What about you, kid? We aren't kicking you out, are we?"
Billie forced a smile. "Naw. In my office there's a small couch which folds into a bed. It's on the other side of the living room, so I'll be fine."
Louis' gaze caught hers and held. His scrutiny made her sweat. There was some kind of connection between them. It was too strange. What did he see when he looked at her that way?
Billie broke eye contact and rushed to speak. "I'll go check on Nicole while everyone looks around."
When Billie turned to leave, Louis caught her upper arm in a gentle grasp. "I'll go with you." She nodded stiffly, making sure not to meet his eyes. This time when she turned away, he didn't stop her.
A small smile lifted the corners of Louis' mouth as he followed closely behind Billie. The woman had blushed like a virgin. The attraction he felt wasn't one-sided. Good. With every minute ticking by, he began to feel more and more optimistic about this assignment.
Sarah watched them go until they were out of sight. Nervous for reasons she was terrified to admit, even to herself, Sarah turned and went into the room Billie indicated on the right.
She walked slowly around the room, looking at everything. It was beautifully decorated in pale pinks and blues, trimmed here and there with white eyelet lace. She reached out to touch the bed's comforter with a soft caress, turning her head to the doorway where David stood watching. He wore the most intriguing look on his face, as if charmed or captivated. Longing was there as well, with confusion-and fear. She could feel his conflicting emotions as if they were her own. She knew instinctively he waged an internal battle whether to remain visible or not.
Never letting her eyes leave his face, one hand remained on the bed's comforter while the other rose, reaching out for him to come closer. Beckoning for his touch.
He didn't move from the doorway. His voice emerged low and emotional. "Sarah, there is something I must tell you before it is too late."
Sarah would have none of it. Shaking her head slowly, she motioned for him once again with her outstretched hand.
David hesitated only a moment more before taking measured steps forward until his hand rested warmly in hers. He was forever amazed at the welcoming warmth he felt whenever he touched Sarah. She was more than just warmth and love. She was life.
"I know what you've been thinking, David-I do. And you're wrong. Nicole needs you. I need you. Staying here with us is not a sin and you have no reason to feel guilty. You are still doing your job, David. I need you here with me, to hold me. I won't be sorry if you stay. And neither will you."
"I will be with you in either form, Sarah. At least for now."
She cringed and felt her heart begin to ache. "For always," she responded in desperate challenge.
David took a deep breath as if steeling himself for something. Sarah tensed in fear.
"I must help Louis, Sarah. You will never be completely safe until this evil against you and Nicole is stopped." His pause caused her heart to race. "I must leave with Louis when he decides it is best to go."
"No! I'm afraid, for both of us. I don't want to be without you, even for a minute." Sarah was on the verge of tears. She needed him as desperately as a flower needs the sun to survive.
"My angel... How can I make you understand what I must do, for all of us?"
"I don't want to understand!" Her voice dropped to a whisper, pleading with him to stay. "I just want you." 
David felt her fear and sadness deeply. "Sweet Sarah," he breathed softly, taking her face between his hands. He bent lower until his lips brushed her forehead in a lingering caress. Pleased by the contact, he kissed each of her wet cheeks in turn, then each closed eyelid before pulling back to watch her lids flutter up, her dilated gaze searching his own.
"David, please..."
Her voice emerged softly-he barely heard it. Yet, he didn't need to hear her voice. He could easily see the pleading in her eyes. He could feel Sarah's desire to be touched radiating from her every pore in waves. The same desire echoed within his heart as well.
With his palms gently cradling her face, his thumb moved slightly until it grazed the edge of her mouth. Her eyes closed with the utterance of a sigh and he felt tempted in a way he never before experienced.
In that moment he made a decision he knew would change his future forever. Purposefully, he lowered his head until his lips touched hers in the sweetest, purest kiss ever created. He felt Sarah's arms encircle his neck and pull his head down to deepen the kiss. She pressed closer, going up on her toes to reach him. Having never before kissed in passion, David was unsure what to do or what Sarah would expect of him. He need not have worried. Some things, even for angels, came naturally.
David released her face and surrounded her body with his strong arms, his palms pressing against her lower back, urging her closer. Following her lead, he tilted his head at an angle and pressed his mouth harder against the sweetness of her lips. He kissed her with all the love he possessed in his heart and with all the longing he felt in his body.
The instant her tongue tentatively touched the seam of his lips, however, he jerked in response. Momentarily startled, he drew his head back and watched as Sarah opened her eyes and smiled with a surprising heat. He noticed her skin was hot to the touch and his heart beat rapidly when she snuggled closer, placing her cheek against his chest. Buried deep within his embrace, she allowed her heart to slow its rapid beating. David laid his cheek atop her head and closed his eyes as a strange peace overtook him. He also needed this calm moment to slow his own racing heart-and think.
This touching, this kiss, is not a sin, he declared to himself and to the Lord, who always watched and listened. Love, expressed between two who feel the emotion as strongly as Sarah and he, should never be considered wrong. His feelings were pure and honest. He would never lust after Sarah. Though, he would always love her and long for the day when he could claim her for his wife, in God's eyes as well as man's.
As always, when the Lord spoke to him, he heard His voice loud and clear in his head. The words were simple and their meaning, irrevocable...
So be it.
He understood those words all too well, had even been expecting as much. The Lord would neither speak to him directly, nor would he be allowed any angelic privileges from this moment on. Becoming invisible was no longer a worry or an option. Though he remained an angel, he would, in a very real sense, be as vulnerable as any human.
David's arms tightened around Sarah. I am on my own.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Suddenly an angel of the Lord appeared and a light shone in the cell. He woke Peter and said, "Quick, get up!" and the chains fell from Peter's wrists. They passed the guards and came to the iron gate leading into 
the city. It opened by itself and they walked through. After one 
street, suddenly the angel left him. Peter said, "Now I know 
that the Lord sent his angel to rescue me..." 
Acts 12:7, 10, 11

Chapter Eleven

After four hours of sleep, Louis woke, still tired but feeling much better. He stayed behind the door to the hallway, keeping watch through the small square, glass window. He felt like some kind of Peeping Tom, hoping to catch a glimpse of Billie at work. He scanned the sea of people. The Home buzzed with activity. Louis watched Billie take charge with competent authority. She ran the place like a captain aboard her ship, in total command and with deserving respect. The charges in her care showed their love and appreciation with every word and deed performed. Louis admitted to being impressed with how she handled her position and the obvious love she showed for these women and children in need.
Tanya and one of the women in the Home named Maurine kept Nicole busy all morning with the many duties in the kitchen. From the loud giggles and laughing coming through the kitchen door only a few feet away, Louis could tell the kid was having a ball. David and Sarah, as ordered, stayed out of sight in Billie's apartment in the back of the Home, catching up on some much needed rest.
A movement caught his eye and Louis latched onto Billie as she talked to a woman who looked like she expected an air-raid at any second. Billie sat close to her on the cot, holding the woman's hand and talking close to her ear, as if she were whispering. His eyes narrowed as he unconsciously reached up to touch the glass window. Louis looked over to his hand in surprise, his brow lowered in confusion. What am I doing? Trying to reach for her through the barrier of the glass? Shaking his head, he put both hands in his pockets and returned to the view beyond the glass.
How she could do this day in and day out, go through an emotional rollercoaster, Louis didn't know. She placed herself in jeopardy every second she remained here with these women which took a lot of guts and drive. As a man, he could understand those qualities. But in a woman? Even the female officers at the station didn't show this kind of compassion for civilians. Billie had earned his respect.
Respect wasn't the only emotion she made him feel, though. It felt strange to have this strong a reaction to a woman he'd barely met. And he didn't like the intensity of these unfamiliar feelings. The officer in him felt a strong sense of protectiveness. Another part felt a grudging affection, rooted in a powerful desire to be around her. Billie drove him crazy one minute and tempted him beyond reason in the next. He just didn't get it. His emotions-anger, fear, frustration and respect... Could they all be part of his growing attraction? And if so, how on earth should he deal with it?
Muttering to himself in disgust, Louis heard the kitchen door open and allowed small fingers to pull him into the kitchen by the back of his shirt. Nicole yanked a few times on his shirt and he hunkered down to her level. She whispered in a loud voice, she wanted him to taste something she, Tanya and Maurine were fixing for lunch. Louis cracked a smile and put Billie in the back of his head for the moment, focusing his full attention on the eager child.
Billie looked up from changing bed sheets in time to see the back of Louis' retreating head through the swinging door's window. Man, the guy can melt my bones with one penetrating look. But every time she caught him staring he would transform in mere seconds back to the hardnosed, unreachable cop. It never failed to make her mad as a hornet. Billie stiffened her spine. Why should I care what the man thinks of me?
This whole situation of him guarding Nicole caused her social service instincts to go on red alert. Did she make a big mistake by getting involved in something which could prove dangerous for herself and those around her? A battered wife or abused child case wasn't quite the same as being hunted by someone who wanted you dead. Billie wasn't a fool. Professionals were stalking Nicole and Sarah. Every instinct she possessed told her so and she didn't like the helpless feeling. Nicole and Sarah's need for safety brought forth her protective instincts, but she'd be a fool not to be scared. Billie shocked herself by admitting a concern for Louis' safety as well. For the first time in a long while, a man emotionally touched her heart. The depths of those feelings and the admission of them left her feeling more vulnerable than she cared for. Louis Felding slowly came to mean a great deal to her.
Billie gave the bed sheets a desperate and unnecessary tug. What's the matter with me? Louis is a stranger. I can't have these intense feelings for someone I don't even know. Yet, her heart told her he was a good man and a strong one, inside and out. Billie realized without a doubt she would trust him with her life, if she ever had to. The thought was sobering.
Billie shook her head violently to clear it, stiffening her spine and resolve. Nicole is the only reason I allowed them to stay, no other reason, she told herself sternly. Louis had yet to tell her the story behind Nicole's need for protection. Tonight, after the Home closed and locked its doors, she promised to corner Louis and get the story-drag it out of him, if necessary. Billie experienced her share of dealing with stubborn cops all the time, but he didn't know the meaning of the word. The man would quickly find out exactly how stubborn she could be.
Sue Ann's huddled figure caught Billie's eye and she heaved a worried sigh. She'd tried everything to get through to the nine-year-old child, all to no avail. The child still wouldn't speak and refused to play with any of the other children. Her only living relative, a great aunt, agreed to let Sue Ann stay at the Home. The seventy-eight year old woman was too elderly and often too sick to care for a small child.
Knowing the child's trauma, Billie recognized the withdrawal as a need for love and attention. Billie tried everything she could think of to draw the child out of her protective shell. Nothing worked so far. At least she no longer hid in the hall closet or slept under her bed. Sue Ann might have a problem trusting those around her, but she clearly felt safer at the Home-a meager but promising start.
A short time later Nicole came running out of the kitchen. She ran past the swinging door and into the front, main room in the hopes of playing outside with the other children. Cloudy with a chance of rain, Billie borrowed the excuse to bring the other children inside, especially Nicole. She smiled when three girls invited Nicole to play a game. The four girls ran in a circle in the middle of the room-the only area free of small beds-holding hands and singing a rhyming song. At its end, the girls yelled, "We all fall down!" They laughed and giggled, whispering secrets behind their hands while sitting on the floor of the large room. Billie nodded and turned away to assist elsewhere.
Nicole smiled as her eyes wandered over the room. Her laughter faded when she saw a girl bunched up like a tiny ball on one of the beds, rocking herself to an unheard rhythm. She was pretty, too. Bright yellow, straight hair hung to her waist and pretty blue eyes stared off into space. Sad eyes, so sad. Nicole frowned.
"Who's that?" she asked and three girls looked in her direction then over to the pretty girl.
"Oh, her," one girl said, her eyes wary but dismissive.
"That's just Sue Ann," another replied while trying to braid her hair.
The third girl was older. In a voice made to sound twice her age, she replied, "Sue Ann is the victim of a traumatic experience and needs a place where she can feel safe and unthreatened."
Nicole blinked at all of the big words. The third girl continued to speak and Nicole listened with rapt attention.
"I heard Miss Billie tell one of them social workers all that when they dropped her off a couple o' weeks ago. She's really messed up or something, I guess. She don't even know you're there when you're talking to her. I heard Miss Tanya say she was a disturbed young'n."
Nicole understood much of what Sue Ann felt because of what happened to her not long ago. Inside the special place she once found where she could hide in silence and peace, Nicole felt safe. In this world of her own making, no one could hurt you or make you feel pain. A lonely place, but safer.
Without looking back at her newly made friends, Nicole stood and slowly approached Sue Ann's bed. The girl didn't stop rocking or look up. Just like the other girl said-Nicole was invisible.
She had to try, though. Sue Ann needed a friend and a chance to be happy. Nicole knew what she felt. Only one thing kept her silent-her fear, whatever it might be. She would always be that way until she told her fear to go away.
"Hi, Sue Ann," she began shyly. "My name is Nicole."
After a minute, when Sue Ann didn't respond, Nicole decided to tell the other girl the truth. Maybe it would help. Gently, she sat on the edge of the bed.
"I saw some bad men shoot my daddy and he died. Now the bad men are trying to find me 'cause I saw it. They want me to die too so I can't tell. Mom and me are hiding here right now and Louis is a policeman who is helping us hide. David is my Guardian angel who loves my mommy. He's going to be my new daddy."
The rocking stopped shortly after Nicole began to speak. Sad blue eyes, shimmering with tears, turned and found Nicole's watery gaze. The two children connected on an unseen level only an abused soul could understand. Sue Ann needed a friend and Nicole needed a home for all of the love in her heart. The two girls stared at each other for a very long time.
Then Sue Ann did something completely unbelievable in her circumstance. She reached out to grasp Nicole's hand and squeezed, her first initiated contact since coming to the Home.
~*~
Malone cursed explicitly and at great length. His victory drink would have to wait a little longer.
The hot sun bore down as mid-day arrived. His black shirt stuck to his skin in the heat, but he didn't complain. The heat was the least of his problems.
From the moment the chopper landed in Plumsville, he instinctively knew the Denisons had by-passed the piss-ant town. He didn't need to view the map stuffed in his back pocket. He had studied the thing for the last fifteen minutes in the air. The Denisons were gone, if they had stopped in the practically non-existent town at all. The small smile twisting his lips showed less humor and more cruelty. The next town was much larger and the hunter's instinct in his blood said the two Denisons were hiding there somewhere.
Impatient to keep moving, Malone called his men over with an order to hastily board the chopper. He signaled the pilot to go airborne. There was a new destination and a new deadline. Sleepyeye, West Virginia would harbor two more crime-related deaths in the next twenty-four hours if he had anything to say about it.
~*~
Captain Biggs smiled in satisfaction. Footprints led through the wooded area to a set of tire tracks where his men currently investigated. It looked like the tracks of possibly a mini-van or a jeep. They'd hitched a ride. He already knew Moretti's personal assassins preceded them by several hours. Biggs understood his orders-'Stay back and stall.' Once the girls were dead, he would move in and miraculously discover the bodies.
A few hours ago Biggs received a private message from another cop working for Moretti. After going north for only a mile or so, Moretti's group doubled back and found the footprints going southwest. He immediately made the same so-called decision, keeping enough distance behind Moretti's men to allow them room to do what they did best.
The two tragic deaths would end the case and Moretti would be off the hook for good. And Biggs would be ten grand richer in the process. Moretti suggested he open a bank account out of the country and personally, he thought it a good idea. After the case was over, he planned to retire from the force, using the excuse I just can't take the loss of innocent lives any more. He smiled with a grin totally void of any humanity or kindness. He'd bet one hundred to one odds the suckers at the station would buy the sob story.
After working as Captain for the last six years and the last three for Moretti, he'd saved up a nice little nest egg to live on for the rest of his years.
Biggs scowled when he remembered his wife divorcing him last year. He laughed harshly, without humor. Who needs the old bag? I'll find a younger woman who doesn't mind wearing flashy jewels and warming my sheets. Being overweight and fifty plus doesn't matter when you're loaded. Money talks. And he'd find a good-looking woman who wanted to listen.
Whether Moretti's man finished the job or not he'd get paid. Biggs' laugh was short and dry. "Now, those are my kind of odds."
~*~
Sarah pushed open the swinging door leading from the kitchen hallway. She watched fondly as her daughter made a new friend. It was difficult to miss the other girl's silence and withdrawal from the other children and the world in general. With a mother's wisdom she saw the sadness in the young girl's eyes. She remembered feeling the same powerful sadness and hopelessness when Nicole wouldn't speak. A young child should never be so solemn.
When the two girls touched hands in friendship, Sarah smiled. Well done, Nicole. Before long, she knew Nicole would bring the child out of her protective, silent shell.
She felt warm, large hands gently touch her shoulders. Sarah sighed and leaned back into David's welcoming embrace. His strong arms laid gently over hers and his soft, warm kiss grazed her temple. Sarah closed her eyes in contentment.
"The girls will help each other through their troubles," he reassured her, guessing her thoughts accurately. "Nicole's heart is pure, kind and loving...like her mother's."
Sarah turned in his arms until she faced him, her eyes rising to meet his warm, loving expression.
"You're biased."
"Yes, I am." His smile was contagious. To her surprise, he winked as bold as you please. She laughed in a burst of delight.
"I do believe you're getting the hang of human slang and gestures."
David's brows drew down, his look wary. "Is this good or bad?"
Sarah laughed again. "I guess it depends on the gestures or the slang. But I think a wink at your best girl is quite all right."
"Only girl," he corrected gently and Sarah could see the light of determination glowing in his possessive expression.
Another glow radiated from his eyes and Sarah wasn't shocked or embarrassed that he would express his desire so openly. He was a passionate creature in many ways.
"Yes," she agreed quietly. "One and only."
Louis joined them at the door where they all tried to stay inconspicuous and out of the way.
Louis waited patiently until David looked his way. "We need to talk," he said, his expression serious.
Sarah smiled and nodded toward Louis.
"Go ahead. I'll stay here and watch Nicole."
The two men walked back to the privacy of Billie's living room and closed the door. Both stood only a few feet inside the room. David watched Louis closely as he walked away and faced the far wall. Confused by his silence, David walked forward. What is wrong to cause Louis so much grief?
Louis turned on a dime, shoving his hands into his pockets and David came to an abrupt halt. He waited patiently for Louis to speak.
"It's almost time. I've been making some calls and I think I may have a way to bring Moretti down. A buddy of mine is helping me get everything I need together. Tomorrow morning, just before dawn-it's the best time to leave. It'll look too suspicious if I walk out of here after closing hours."
The seriousness of Louis' expression wasn't lost on David. "Yes." Steadily, David walked closer until they stood a few feet apart. Determination lit his eyes as well as a need to do something. He knew what he must do. "However, it is we, not you. I am going with you, Louis. I decided earlier today, Sarah and Nicole will never truly be safe until the evil hunting them is destroyed or locked away."
Louis was already shaking his head. "Listen, I appreciate the offer, but the girls need you to protect them like you did before."
"I cannot."
Louis' eyes narrowed dangerously. "Can't or won't?"
David could hear the anger in his voice. Louis did not understand. David replied gravely, "Can't. The Lord removed from me all angelic abilities. Although I remain an angel and cannot be injured or die, I also cannot protect Sarah and Nicole in a divine manner."
Louis gaped at him, his mouth open in shock. In frustration, he snapped it shut. "Why? What the blazes happened in the last hour?" he asked throwing up his hands.
"I remained visible even after you arrived." When he saw Louis' confusion, David elaborated. "My assignment, for the most part, requires me to protect Nicole, but in the angelic form you first witnessed. It is not often I'm needed to take human form. Also, I..."
"Yes?" Louis' brows raised in surprise. Was David blushing?
"I kissed Sarah as a human man would, with love and desire in my heart. The Lord was not pleased when I defended my actions. This is part of my punishment. I wanted to be human and vulnerable. It appears He is allowing me a glimpse into exactly what it means."
"David, no offense, but you're not used to dealing with this kind of scum."
David's smile was kind. "I have existed since before the Earth was formed and have followed man's passage through the many centuries. I have seen the workings of many evil minds. Believe what I say. I have a complete understanding of what I am working against. This will not be easy for me, but it must be done. The girls I love more than my own existence depend upon our success."
Louis nodded then eyed David thoughtfully.
David raised a brow. "What else worries you?"
"Being an angel... I've got to know. What is it like?"
A child-like curiosity lit Louis' eyes. David's mouth broke into a full grin. His smile revealed peace and happiness.
"My assignments are full of wonder and excitement, and my memory is filled with adventures throughout time. Yet, my heart aches with sorrow."
Louis nodded. "Sarah." He felt for David when he saw the man-angel-grimace in pain.
"I truly believe I understand the human expression, 'I can't live without her.' How can I when she holds all of my hopes and dreams in her fragile hands?"
Louis placed a comforting hand on David's shoulder. David suffered so much emotional pain, it was written all over his face. What could he say to this unique being who had quickly earned his friendship? Their situation looked hopeless, if truth be told. He didn't know a lot about God, but he'd always heard God is love. Or did it mean David's life was all but history the second his assignment ended? Would God show him some mercy when it was all said and done? Louis believed, if nothing else, David was loyal to a fault. Could loyalty earn him any brownie points in Heaven? For the angel's sake, he hoped so.
Louis released a heavy sigh. "I can't tell you what to do." He looked David in the eye. "I don't think you should come with me. But if you decide to help me get the goods against Moretti, I'll understand your reasons. In the end, I guess it's your call."
David's answer came quick and sure. "I will go."
Louis paused a moment, looking hard at David's determined expression and then nodded sharply.
"Sarah isn't going to like it," Louis stated wryly.
"No, she isn't, but I do this for her safety and Nicole's. She will not approve, yet she will understand."
Louis didn't look convinced. "Yeah, well, she's still a woman and she'll probably give you he- Uhh, give you grief over it."
"We shall see." David nodded in the same instant Sarah walked through the door.
"See what?" she asked lightly with an easy smile. It faded when she noticed their serious expressions. Her eyes swung from one to the other.
"I'll let you guys talk," Louis said quietly, turning away and making a bee-line for the door. He couldn't make himself meet the confusion on Sarah's face.
Sarah's frown followed Louis out the door then she turned toward David in suspicion. She had a very bad feeling she wouldn't like this particular talk.
"All right, mister, let's have it." Her tone was one she used from time to time with Nicole. Crossing her arms, she cocked one hip to the side. A single brow arched delicately and her lips pursed. David's look of forced innocence didn't worry her, really. It was something else. He looked guilty.
"Have it?"
She actually saw him swallow. The give-away sign said he tried to hide something.
"You and Louis are keeping something from me and I want to know what it is. So, spit it out." Her face stretched and took on a wide-eyed I'm waiting look. David kept silent until Sarah thought she might scream in frustration.
Finally, he let out a deep sigh and came to a decision. David met her eyes directly and noted her growing fear. He saw her wariness, as if preparing for a shock.
"Louis and I are leaving in the morning."
Sarah's arms dropped limply to her sides, her mouth gaped open. She shook her head silently in denial.
David lifted a hand toward her, beseeching her to understand. "I know this is a shock to you, Sarah, but-"
Sarah gasped and raised a trembling hand to cover her mouth. David rushed to take her into his arms, but Sarah stepped away and turned her back on his pained expression.
Her head lowered in defeat, her voice hoarse and accusing. "You're leaving us."
"For a time, yes. Louis and I are to collect 'the goods' against Moretti so he will go to jail. You must understand, Sarah, I do this for you and Nicole, for your safety. I couldn't bear it if-"
His abrupt silence caused Sarah to turn toward him. The raw pain she witnessed told her how much he did not want to go. Many questions ran through her head, but her heart voiced only one.
"Why you? Of all the men Louis could ask to go with him, why you?" Sarah's voice cracked with raw emotion. This couldn't be happening, not when David was finally here, in her arms. Pain and sorrow reflected in the watery depths of her eyes as she begged him not to go.
David closed his eyes, the pain in his heart unbearable. Pulling his scrambled thoughts and emotions together, David endeavored to collect himself. Finding the strength deep in his heart, he opened his eyes.
"He did not ask, my love, I volunteered. More precisely, I insisted, despite his attempts to refuse. He needs my help in order to save you and Nicole."
For a long moment, silence reined. Sarah considered his words and the logic behind them. "If you must go, I feel better knowing at least you can go invisible and protect Louis if need be. That's some consolation."
When David looked away, her heart twisted in dismay. A chill ran the length of her spine, making her shiver. Her eyes widened in fear at the implication. Bravely, she closed the distance between them. "There's something else you haven't told me, isn't there?"
"I would rather not."
Sarah reached up and firmly grasped his chin, forcing him to look directly into her eyes. "And I would rather you did. I know you can't lie to me. Tell me, David. I'm not a child."
"No, you are not a child," David agreed reluctantly. He sighed deeply and took Sarah firmly by the shoulders, in his own way trying to prepare her for his words.
David looked determined, but his eyes reflected regret. The look terrified her. What more could he say that would frighten her more than his leaving?
"Sarah...the Lord took away all of my angelic abilities."
Sarah gasped, swaying dangerously. Only his strong hands holding her shoulders firmly, kept her from falling.
"All of them? You can no longer fly or become invisible?" Her eyes followed the slow shake of his head.
Although she pushed at his chest, he kept her securely in his embrace. "My God, David! You can't go with Louis. You'll be a sitting duck! You can't even protect Louis. Both of you could end up getting killed!"
An empathic smile warmed his features. "Not quite, sweet angel. I am still immortal. I will come to no permanent, physical harm and I will protect Louis as if he were you or Nicole. This I vow.
"Besides," he continued, pulling her into his warm embrace. "I have fought the evil powers of the fallen for too many centuries to count. I am not unlearned in the ways of war. Louis and I shall make a good..." His brows drew down as he searched for the right word.
"Team is the word you were looking for, I believe."
"Team. Yes, you are right, my sweet Sarah."
He tilted her chin upward to tenderly caress her lips in the softest of butterfly kisses. Sarah longed for a deeper touch but understood now was not the time.
David held her tightly against his firm chest. "The daily battle against evil rages on and will continue until the Lord comes again. This is yet another reason why I must aid Louis. The unseen evil would like nothing more than to see me fail in my duties. I must not let this happen." His jaw firmed. "I won't let it happen." He squeezed her soft body and kissed the top of her fragrant hair.
Sarah raised her lips and kissed his neck affectionately. "I know, David. I trust you. But faith in you can't erase my fear. I want each of you to stay safe."
"Don't fear for us, my angel. Just pray."
"I will. Count on it."
Sarah marveled at David's adaptation of human characteristics.
"I wonder what Nicole is doing," she said.
David smiled widely and reached for her hand. "Let us go see."
~*~
Malone watched for only a few moments as the helicopter withdrew from the private landing pad with the other five men from his unit. His specific orders were to disappear, or appear to, temporarily. Things were heating up, Moretti told him this morning. A hit now would need to look as accidental as possible. This would call for a little creativity on his part and he couldn't do it with an entourage on his heels. He would need to do this alone.
Actually, he preferred it this way. But he didn't call the shots. Malone's normal unit consisted of four men total, himself included. However, Moretti insisted on more manpower, especially during the raid on the cabin. So, he hired two additional men he could trust. Moretti wanted all bases covered for very good reasons. Malone could achieve the hit with more ease and low-key observation if he went on alone.
His tall, dark shape stood out against the green grass and distant trees lining the small airfield on the edge of town. He took a long look around until he spotted a cab at the edge of the airfield.
As he walked, he organized his thoughts. First he needed to find a place to stay for the next week, maybe less. Malone doubted this assignment would take even that long. Secondly, he would hit the streets. Someone somewhere saw a jeep come into town with at least three people in it. He'd begin by checking where the forest met the town. Thirdly, and by far the most important, he would have to silence the unfortunate outside party who helped the Denison girls. He hated loose ends and prided himself on never leaving a victim alive who saw his face. It was safer this way. The third party might've already notified the police to bring in outside help, if the mother was stupid enough to trust a stranger. He reminded himself to call Moretti soon to see if his inside man in the force had heard from the brat's mother. If so, his job would be as easy as stealing candy from a baby.
When the lone figure in all black smiled with evil malice, the cab driver crossed himself discreetly from the front seat, mumbling a quick prayer for protection.
The cabby cleared his throat before he spoke. "Where to, mister?"
"An inexpensive motel somewhere close to the town's border, where the forest begins."
"Right. Have you there in a snap. Know just the motel for you too, mister," the cabby replied smoothly, working for a better tip.
Malone stared unseeing out the side window into the early afternoon sunlight. With amusement he considered the names of the people involved in this little game of hide-and-go-seek. Sarah and Nicole Denison, the prey; Vincent Moretti, the man who would make him very rich in less than a week, and lastly, the most important name of all, his own-Charles Malone.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

The angels who did not keep their positions of authority 
but abandoned their own homes-these He has kept 
in darkness, bound with everlasting chains 
for judgment on the Great Day. 
Jude 1:6

Chapter Twelve

Darkness fell swiftly and Sarah grieved the loss of the day, knowing the next one and many afterward she would suffer through without David at her side.
The Home fell quiet at nearly midnight and Nicole slept peacefully in Billie's room. Though Sarah put up a fuss, Billie insisted the child would be fine, and surprisingly Nicole agreed with an eagerness Sarah found suspicious. The little darling took on the role of matchmaker, although she didn't need to. Anyone with eyes could see how much David and she loved each other.
Sarah's eyes focused in the dark room and found David standing in front of the window, peeking between the mini-blinds. She eased from the bed and walked over to his side, touching his back cautiously.
"David, what's wrong?"
The urgency in her voice shook him out of his wanderings and he turned with a smile too wide to be genuine.
"Nothing, beloved. All is clear outside."
She crossed her arms and cocked her brow. He couldn't lie, this much she knew. Yet, he held something back. Did he think her so naive?
"It might very well be clear outside, but something is definitely wrong. Now, what is it?"
David opened his mouth and closed it promptly, too confused by his own feelings to put them into adequate words. After a moment to collect his thoughts, he began again.
"I want so much to find this evil man and bring him to justice, ensuring your future safety." David switched his stance to the other foot. He clasped his hands behind his back, like a human soldier. His nervousness showed in every move of his body. "Yet, I fear this same event. If all goes well and the evil is removed from yours and Nicole's lives, I know I will have to leave you both, maybe forever. This breaks my heart. I don't want to leave you...ever," he stated in a voice so deep and fierce, Sarah shivered in response.
The expression he wore frightened and excited her all at once. Love and desire burned from his eyes and Sarah's own emotions demanded release. Though they were not yet one in body through marriage, they were one in heart and, yes, soul. David may not have one physically, but every inch of her body and soul belonged to him. They belonged together, for all time. God willing, He would believe it too and grant them a shared life, though nothing would ever truly part them. Neither Heaven nor Earth.
"Hold me, David," she cried softly, her voice cracking with emotion.
David pulled her close and allowed his hands free reign in her hair and across her warm back. Finally, they settled at her waist and Sarah looked up into his eyes. His hungry gaze roamed over her face and he could see the love in her heart.
Sarah made a decision and was prepared to ask it, no matter the consequences.
"One thing... Just do this one thing for me before you leave with Louis in the morning." Raising a hand, she caressed his face with a gentle touch of her palm.
"Anything, sweet angel," his voice raw with his desire to please her.
"Marry me before you leave. I want to be wholly yours in God's eyes. Just in case," she ended on a choked sob, unable to continue.
"My only love," he whispered and kissed her. The burst of passion filled his limbs so quickly, he actually felt the ground beneath him rock and shift. To steady himself, he pulled Sarah closer until he felt her feminine body flush against his harder frame. They would merge their souls to become one and would always be so, no matter what waited for them in the future. The marriage of their hearts through love would only confirm it.
"Yes, sweet angel. We will wed in the morning before the Lord and man alike and profess our eternal love. No matter what may happen after this assignment, my heart will never know joy as it knows at this moment. I will forever love you, sweet Sarah."
"And I'll always love you, David. Even if I can no longer see you, you will always be in my heart," she spoke passionately. The emotion in her voice equaled the intensity on her face.
Sarah snuggled her face deeply into the warmth of his chest and David pulled her closer, clasping the back of her head to hold her there. Leaning down, he breathed in the scent of Sarah's hair and kissed the crown of her head, grateful for these precious moments spent in her arms. Would these special moments last him more than a mortal lifetime?
Sarah eased back to gaze up at David with a secretive smile on her face.
"What is it?"
"I just thought of something. We're going to be married on a Sunday-God's day."
David returned her smile and leaned down to kiss her forehead. "Which only makes the occasion all the more special." 
David bestowed a gentler kiss to her waiting lips, then arm in arm they approached the bed. They lay down together, motionless but for David's hand slowly stroking her hair every few seconds. Sarah's eyes closed and she fell into a peaceful sleep. David watched over her for several hours, content to listen to her steady breathing and occasional sighs.
Though sleep was not something his angelic body needed, David closed his eyes and envisioned a day when he would sleep at her side and wake with her each morning.
~*~
Louis woke with a start, his nude body glistening with sweat, fists clenching the sheets wrapped tightly around his legs. He needed to catch a few more Z's before morning. He squinted at his illuminated watch on the night table and groaned. Five am in the bloody morning.
Great, just great. He knew it would be a while before sleep claimed him again. His dream, where Billie played a starring role, gave him enough incentive to stay awake. At least until he could work off some of his sexual tension.
Forcing himself from the bed and tangled sheets, he slipped on a pair of briefs and did one-hundred push-ups. When he reached one-hundred and twenty, he finally gave up. He breathed hard, with heavy puffs of air. He shouldn't be breathing this heavy over a series of push-ups. This wasn't working out the way he wanted it to. He wanted to relieve his tension, not increase it. But every time he pressed down to the floor, he imagined pressing into Billie for a fevered kiss.
He cursed under his breath. This is nuts! And I'm certifiable for letting Billie get to me. He couldn't get her out of his dreams and now he couldn't get her out of his head! And, he darn well better. He'd be gone by early morning and the last thing he needed were thoughts of this woman breaking his concentration.
With quick agility, Louis popped to his feet and stripped to take a fast shower. He dried off quickly and slipped on clean briefs and his jeans then decided to raid the kitchen's fridge. Shirtless and barefoot, he slipped from the room across from David and Sarah's so he wouldn't wake them.
A noise made Louis freeze, his trained instincts kicking in at the slight sound within the dark room. He stood barely inside the entrance to the living room. A shadow moved through the darkness and he cursed silently when he reached behind his waist for his .45 and found it missing. It was still on the top of the end table beside the bed. Damn! I'm getting too old for this cloak and dagger crap.
Grateful for being shoeless, Louis crouched low, padding soundlessly along the living room wall and out of sight behind the sofa. He stopped behind two tall-standing, potted banana trees.
When the figure moved within a few feet then passed him, he pounced.
Louis hit the intruder hard from behind and they both went down with muffled grunts. The intruder landed on his back and Louis responded instinctively, straddling him and grabbing the man's throat. With lightning quick speed, he raised a fist to knock the guy out?
Until a soft whimper penetrated the quiet room.
Soft? Louis only now realized his fingers were wrapped all the way around the person's throat, a very small throat. The body beneath him wasn't thick with masculine muscle either.
He cursed harshly, spitting out a word he rarely used.
Louis lowered his fist which had been on its way to smash the intruder's face in. The body sprawled beneath his was not a man's-but a woman's. He forcefully dragged in deep breaths between his teeth to slow the adrenaline rushing through his tense body.
"Louis?"
Billie's voice emerged frightened and shaken. Sweet Mary... He knew how she felt. He was shaking like a leaf too at what he'd nearly done.
Unfortunately for her, anger was his second reaction.
"Blast it, woman, you scared me to death!" he hissed quietly. "I almost knocked you out cold!" he growled.
Her shoulders began to tremble violently. Within seconds his anger cooled by several degrees. He could only guess what she thought might happen to her when he attacked.
Ah, blast it, anyway!
Moving off of Billie's stomach, he rose in one swift motion, hauling her up like a sack of potatoes. Louis wasn't surprised when her legs failed and she nearly collapsed.
With an easy movement, he swept her body into his arms and carried her over to the closest chair. Louis sat down and gently placed her on his lap, wrapping his arms around her waist securely to control the shaking. She took a good five years off his life by frightening him. Geez, what is she doing out of bed at five in the morning anyway? He didn't bother to apply the question to himself.
Her trembling continued and her teeth chattered as if she were freezing cold. He cupped her chin and tilted it up until her eyes met his in the darkened room. Louis' eyes had finally adjusted to the dim lighting and he could see the trauma on her face. He sent Billie his best smile, hoping to reassure and calm her. She looked so vulnerable.
"It's all right now, Billie. It's only me. Look at me-really look. You're safe. Okay, kid?"
His endearment broke through her wall of fear. With a cry of relief, she threw herself into his arms and cried tears of release.
Louis rubbed her back gently and stroked her wildly mussed auburn hair in a calming, soothing motion. After a few minutes, her tears vanished and she pulled back slightly. His eyes found her full mouth and his hands tightened in the thick mass of wild hair surrounding her shoulders. Louis wanted this woman like he'd never wanted anything in his life. It went beyond desire, beyond need. He craved her smile, her kindness. Her touch.
Billie saw the desire in Louis' eyes and felt the same, deep in her belly. She couldn't mistake the powerful bulge beneath her bottom. Her hunger mirrored the desire in his eyes.
In a sweeping motion, she caressed his cheek a moment before transferring her hands from his shoulders to wind around his neck. She lifted her lips in surrender. Wide eyes pleaded with him, begging for his possession.
"Billie..." he breathed in a raw voice a second before his lips caressed hers. 
Billie closed her eyes in momentary surprise. She expected a hard, passionate kiss, not a tender one. It laid claim to her heart with gentle, loving persuasion.
Loving?
It didn't matter right now, she told herself firmly. His kiss asked for a response and she answered with a resounding, Yes.
Stroking her mouth with his own, his body became enflamed when she returned the touch immediately. He groaned in response. Her need encouraged him to be bold. Louis' fingertips caressed the length of her arm then the flat pressure of his hand traveled up the side of her torso to cup her breast. She gasped, breaking the kiss.
Billie kept a firm hand against his chest as her head lowered, her breathing harsh and uneven. Louis' breathing seemed in time with her own, their music the only sound within the silence of the large room.
Raising her head slowly, Billie's stunned expression encountered his heated gaze. After a moment she looked away, her emotions racing wildly through flesh on fire. She wanted more of Louis, more of his kisses and sensual touches. She forced herself to keep a hand against his chest, even though her body wanted something else entirely.
When Billie stood and walked on shaky legs to where he threw her to the carpet, Louis fought the urge to reach out for her waist to haul her back down on his lap. She felt good in his arms and he wanted her there, again. When she bent down and began picking up things from the floor, he feared he'd broken a vase or something during the tackle.
Louis joined her and discovered small apples scattered across the floor. He switched on a lamp a few feet away. Four red apples. Billie took two of the four Louis held out to her.
"I got hungry," she defended.
Louis couldn't stop from reaching out to run the pad of his thumb across her lips. "I'm still hungry."
Billie didn't know what to say or do. When she licked her lips, Louis groaned and looked as if he would pull her into his arms again. His hot expression said it all. The force of their attraction seared her nerve endings until she thought she would scream. Thankfully, Louis held himself in check.
Taking her hand, Louis stood before she could utter a sound or protest. "Let's get something to go with these apples."
Billie retrieved some cheese blocks, celery and carrot sticks and Ritz crackers. She poured them each a glass of tea before facing Louis.
Sitting at the kitchen table, she realized this was as good a time as any to get some information from Louis about Nicole's situation. He owed her at least that much.
Billie leaned into the table, drawing his attention. "Louis... What happened with Nicole and Sarah? I mean, what really happened," she stressed with a stern eye.
Louis paused in mid-bite and forced his rigid posture to relax. He sighed heavily, finishing his bite before meeting her eyes squarely. Leaning his forearms against the table, he rotated the half-eaten apple between his large hands.
"I'm surprised you didn't ask me earlier today after supper. You had every opportunity."
Looking away, she knew it was true. Billie was afraid to be alone with him, but she wouldn't admit it in a million years. He didn't physically frighten her-that wasn't it. Her reactions to him terrified the life out of her! She felt irresistibly drawn to Louis Felding and she didn't know why. Sure, he was seriously good-looking and spoke with the sexiest voice she'd ever heard, but she didn't know him. And when push came to shove, what lay in his heart mattered the most.
"I know, but I...got busy," she replied lamely and tried to drag some facts out of him once again. "Anyway, what's their story?" Waiting for his reply, she nervously bit into a squished cheese block between two crackers.
Billie licked the crumbs away from her lips and Louis forced his eyes away. He gave her a brief outline of the case from the day Nicole's father was shot. The sadness on her face when she discovered Nicole's trauma and silence for so many months was nearly more than he could bear. His arms ached to hold her, comfort her.
He could plainly see how much she cared about kids, especially those in need. Why didn't she have a few of her own running around the place?
Stunned by a realization, he was glad she didn't have any, yet. He was stunned even further when his thoughts visualized her with his child in her arms-a boy. He blinked when he saw a toddler with her mother's eyes standing alongside Billie. What on earth is going on here? He shook his head quickly to clear it.
"Billie, why aren't you married with about half a dozen kids of your own?"
I planned to, until..., she nearly said but pressed her lips together to stop the words. Instead she said, "The right time didn't present itself and I-"
Her abrupt silence brought a frown to his mouth. "What?" he asked quietly. The look in her eyes told him she was close to tears.
Billie couldn't do it, simply couldn't lie to him, even if it meant revealing the humiliating truth and having to relive the pain.
"No, that's not true. I'm sorry for the deception. I was engaged a few years ago. Joe and I bought this place, though I own it outright now. We were making plans to turn it into a business of some kind. Our business we could run together. We didn't make any firm decisions but were considering a list of possibilities. I wanted to make it into a home for battered women and children. I never knew what his thoughts were about this place. The following day I discovered a note on the kitchen counter. He left me for some guy named Phillip."
She laughed without humor, her face a mask of anguish and shame. "A guy, Louis. I didn't even know he was gay. Or maybe he was bi. I don't know. He always seemed so interested in me." She laughed again, trying to smile and failing. "Maybe he should've gone into acting."
Louis cringed at the blow to her feminine pride and to her honor as a woman. This Joe was a complete fool to lose someone as special as Billie.
"You wanna hear something funny?" she asked without a smile. Her tears were close to spilling over. "The infamous Phillip showed up one day looking for Joe. He came to pick up some of the stuff Joe left here not knowing I threw it all away. I could tell he was shocked to see me, a woman. He even asked if I was Joe's sister." Billie came dangerously close to choking on her dry laugh.
"Phillip thought I was a guy with a name like Billie. He said he was shocked when I told him I was Billie and not Joe's sister. I told him he wasn't the only one shocked."
Reaching over, Louis took both of her hands across the table and squeezed. "I don't know what's wrong with those two, kid. You're about as beautiful and sexy as a woman can be."
It was too much to hold in any longer and Billie's tears spilled over onto her red cheeks. "Thank you, Louis. Hearing those words? You have no idea how much it means to me."
"It's the truth, nothing more." His crooked grin and wink made Billie smile and he was happy with her response.
After a long minute of staring into her beautiful eyes, Louis realized he couldn't delay telling her any longer. Releasing her hands, he stood up and moved away.
Billie's eyes followed him around the room until their eyes met and locked. His face looked so serious and troubled. The smile slipped from her lips. What's so wrong that he can't just spit it out?
He dreaded telling her about tomorrow morning. God help him, he didn't want to do it. He couldn't stand to hurt her more than she was already. How would she take the news?
Louis wasn't sure when it happened, but he really cared for Billie-entirely too much.
Without another thought, he told her quickly and bluntly, waiting for her reaction. He tensed his body for an explosion.
What she gave him was totally unexpected. He'd expected anger, maybe. Denial, sarcasm. Something! Billie merely lowered her head, hid her eyes and nodded.
"What?" he cried out, towering over her. "Aren't you going to say anything to me? Bite my head off, scream at me for leaving them?" He threw his arms in the air and gestured wildly then lowered his arms slowly when she gave no response.
Calmly, she answered, still looking down at the table. "They're safe here. There's a hidden basement under the kitchen, if it becomes necessary. You do what you have to, Louis. It's just-"
Abruptly, she rose and turned away.
"It's getting late," she said, her voice horribly emotionless. "I'm not hungry anymore, so stay if you want." With quick strides, she nearly ran for the door.
Louis was around the table and in front of her in a flash. "Oh, no you don't! You aren't getting out of this so easily."
"This?" Her stare fell somewhere around his chin.
"Finish it. Finish your sentence, Billie. It's just..."
Her mouth opened then closed. Louis was startled to see tears in her eyes again. What on earth could possibly be wrong? He closed the distance between them and grasped her upper arms with a gentle but firm grip.
"Hey, it's okay. Whatever it is, you can tell me."
To his surprise, she barked a harsh laugh. She still wouldn't meet his eyes.
Billie shook her head wildly. "No, I can't tell you. You're the one person I can't tell!"
What the heck is this all about? Narrowing his eyes, he studied her face, her actions. Acting on gut instinct, he pulled her into his arms and held her flush against him.
"It's just..." He whispered her words softly, bringing his face down to hers.
The sound of Louis' voice hummed in her ears. His breath caressed her mouth as he spoke. She looked up only to be captured by his hypnotic eyes. The intensity left her shaking. Billie obediently finished her thought, opening herself in a way she thought she never would again.
"It's just?I've never felt this way before. Not even with Joe."
"This way?" He moved closer, only inches away from her mouth.
"This way," she confirmed, wrapping her arms around his waist and pulling him closer. "For you. And now you're leaving me too."
"Ah, baby," he crooned, moving lower to nuzzle her cheek and neck. "Don't you know how I feel? I hate having to leave. I'd give anything to stay here with you. I want you. I've been going crazy thinking-dreaming about you."
The confession startled her for a minute. She took a moment to collect her thoughts. "I know you have to go, but I-I don't want you to. I'll miss you and be frightened for your safety. These people after Nicole want her dead and they aren't going to care about killing you if you get in their way. I don't want you to die, Louis," she ended in a broken voice, burying her cheek into the warmth of his naked chest. She felt his lips caress her curls softly against the top of her head.
"I'm not going to die, kid. I plan on coming back here after this is all over. I've spent a lot of time over the last months thinking about retirement. I'm not old enough yet, but I've been waiting for the right reason to leave the force." He took her chin firmly and raised it until their eyes met. "I think I've found the right reason."
"And then what?" Her words were whisper soft, afraid of his answer.
"Then we'll spend some time getting to know each other better. We'll give it some time and see what happens."
He lifted her face with the tip of his finger and dropped his voice to a husky purr. "Though, I have a good idea what will happen once this case is over."
Billie shook her head slowly. "You don't seem to understand something. Fear and intense emotion will always be an active part of my life, Louis. I work with abused women and children every day and face the possibility of a husband or an ex deciding to come looking for them."
He frowned, his eye becoming dark. "I don't like the sound of that. Do you have digital security alarms or motion-activated spotlights?"
"No, we can't afford them. We do have standard locks on all the doors, though," she answered lamely, knowing it wasn't enough.
He grunted his disapproval. "A security system will be the first thing I put in when I get back."
Louis' grin was lopsided as Billie frowned, trying to push her way out of his arms. He wouldn't have it and stubbornly held on tight, his arms securely around her waist.
"Now, wait just a minute, Louis..." I'm the owner here, not him!
Louis lowered his head and possessed her mouth in a thorough, but brief kiss. When he released her mouth, he grinned, satisfied by her dazed expression. "Hush," he ordered gently in a seductive voice. "I care enough to want to see you safe. For once, try to accept it with good grace."
"I think I've just been insulted."
Her sexy pout made him smile, but he didn't deny her words.
"Come on, kid. Let's go to bed."
Her eyes popped open wide. "What?"
Laughing hard, Louis felt a sharp thrill at her shocked expression. "I am tempted to sweep you off your feet and make love to you all night, but I meant bed as in sleep, in our separate rooms. At least for now," he tagged on wickedly, wiggling his brows with blatant suggestion. Feeling comfortable enough to risk a quick feel, he reached down and squeezed her full bottom.
Billie gasped and laughed at his sly grin. "You're a terrible tease, old man."
"Watch it, kid. Or I just might prove to you exactly how young my libido is!"
She laughed with him and took his hand as they left the kitchen.
~*~
Charles Malone went about changing his appearance like a chameleon changes its skin. Gone were his black clothing, exchanged for a beige shirt and dark blue denim jeans. His expensive sneakers were white and blue-Nike, of course-and he wore a black and gold Pittsburgh Pirates baseball cap.
He smiled wickedly at his favorite teams' logo. He would've made an awesome pirate a few centuries ago. Maybe it was in his blood. Ever since he learned his great-great grandfather had been a ruthless pirate-or so his grandmother told him before she committed suicide-he'd worn the logo of the Pittsburgh team. He didn't follow baseball, didn't care to. But the name fit him, so he wore it with pride.
Malone looked like everyone else, out for a morning stroll. With dawn less than an hour away, only a small handful of people milled around. In another hour or so, the streets would be more crowded and he'd be able to blend in much better. Until then, he needed to lay low and remain inconspicuous.
Sarah Denison and her kid were here in this town somewhere, hiding out. He'd stake his reputation on it. In a way, he already had. Moretti expected results and soon. He would see the man got his money's worth.
First things first. Finding a public payphone, Malone placed a call to Moretti's private line. His boss picked up on the second ring.
"Moretti," came the gruff, sleep-laced voice.
"I'm in Sleepyeye," he began, knowing better than to use his real name over a phone line. "Did your informant find out anything about the vehicle the girls hitched a ride in?"
"No, not yet. He's trying to pull up a listing of all jeep owners currently in Sleepyeye. It won't be long now. Call again by noon and I'll give you the information. I'll put the pressure on to get the ball rolling. I want this problem taken care of by the end of the week."
"Got it. I'll expect a call by noon."
"Remember, I want this to be quick and clean. Keep it quiet and don't allow yourself to be seen. I don't want anyone to trace their deaths back to me."
"Understood," Malone confirmed then broke the connection.
An easy smile slid over Malone's face, though his eyes remained cold and vacant. It looked like he had a good six hours to kill. The play on words was so accurately sweet he began to laugh until the outburst caused a few heads to turn and stare in worry.
~*~
Needless to say, Louis and David didn't leave until almost one in the afternoon. A wedding needed to be put together in only a matter of hours.
By nine am Louis and Billie were told the good news and by nine-fifteen Billie arranged for Sarah to borrow a friend's wedding dress. With tears in her eyes, Sarah thanked the woman who pulled her dress out of storage and ran it over to the Home.
As a favor, another friend of Billie's married Sarah and David at eleven-fifteen sharp in a local chapel. Although David did not have an ID and a marriage license for them to sign, the minister didn't say anything. Billie already explained that the wedding would be in name only, not on paper. They were married in the eyes of the only people who mattered.
An ecstatic Nicole ran around David chanting, "David's my daddy, David's my daddy!"
Instead of eating out, David and Louis compromised, ordering a full course lunch to be delivered to the Home. It would be safer this way and they could still celebrate the newlywed's marriage. Louis offered the toast and Billie agreed with a hardy, "Here, here."
Nearly an hour later Louis discreetly waited in the kitchen for Sarah and David to say good-bye. Billie eased into the kitchen, keeping her eye on Louis' back while making a pretense at cleaning up. No one told Tanya what was going on or why Louis and David were leaving. For her own safety, right after lunch, Billie sent her off to buy groceries.
A light fragrance touched the air and Louis recognized it instantly. He'd know Billie's unique scent anywhere. He closed his eyes and breathed her in. Heavy brows drew down into a frown at his wistful response. Why am I making such a big deal about this? Why didn't he just turn around, smile and say See ya later, kid then leave? Why get so emotional? And when did Billie become so blasted special to him?
Beyond agitated, Louis turned abruptly and lifted a brow in surprise. Billie flushed red when Louis caught her staring. He smiled feeling cocky and sure of himself. Anger and embarrassment lit her features and she turned back to the sink, but not before he saw her scowl. Louis fought to keep the amusement off his face.
With a single, controlled shove, he pushed himself away from the wall he held up and took measured steps across the room. Her circular hand movements increased in speed, raising Louis' brows. It looked as if she would scrub the tile right off the countertop. Is my proximity causing her unease? I hope so. A pleased smile lifted the corners of his mouth.
To remove temptation, he placed both hands deep into his front pant pockets. He moved on silent feet. When he stood directly behind her, he breathed in her scent once more, excited beyond belief to be this close to her.
As he spoke, his breath stirred the hair beside her ear. "So," he said quietly, enjoying her small jolt of awareness. "What's cooking?"
Billie fought down a groan and washed the dishes with more vigor than necessary. She shrugged as if unconcerned.
"Nothing, stupid." She prided herself on her steady voice. "We already ate lunch."
"Who's talking about food?"
Billie closed her eyes and groaned when she felt his hands grip her upper arms and squeeze. He ran his hands up and down her arms and Billie felt his warm breath travel along her neck and up to her ear. His husky, emotional voice sent shivers down her spine.
"I'm gonna miss you."
The vulnerability in his words and tone was her undoing. Her head fell back against his shoulder and her back rested against his warm chest. She felt safe and protected, but she didn't trust the feeling. She'd found in the past if something seemed too good to be true, it usually was. Louis was like a dream come true.
"No reply?" The softly spoken words rushed against her ear, causing her to shiver in anticipation.
"I should have a lot to say, but for some crazy reason thinking is something I can't do when you're touching me."
Louis' warm chuckle sent her heart into overdrive and she leaned forward into the edge of the sink, trying to control her reaction to his touch. He held on to her shoulders for a second more and then released her. He followed Billie with his eyes as she walked a few feet away, breathed deeply, then turned to face him. The raw emotion on her face momentarily stunned him.
"Louis, don't you realize??" Billie blew out a rough breath. "You scare the life out of me by doing nothing more than walking in the room!"
Disbelief chased confusion from his face. "I frighten you?"
Shaking her head at the misunderstanding, she said, "No, not actual fear. Geez, Louis, isn't it obvious?" Pausing for courage, she tilted her chin up with pride. "I'm falling for you and I've only done that once before. It turned out badly and I'm afraid of opening myself up to be hurt again."
Louis was torn between a shout of joy and a need to put her fears to rest. He chose the latter as priority.
"You're a special woman, Billie, and I want you like crazy. Not just physically, either. I want you in my life. I've never been in love before so I'm not sure if this is it. I don't have anything in my past to compare my feelings to." 
Billie closed her eyes briefly then opened them. "It feels like part Heaven and part Hell. One moment you think what you're feeling can't get any better. The next moment, you find it has."
The raw emotion and love he saw made him sweat. Man, he didn't deserve a woman like Billie. Louis swallowed and spoke from his heart, knowing a lot rested on an honest reply.
"Well, then... Sounds like I'm in love."
Billie sucked in a harsh breath. Louis was a tough, but honest man. He wouldn't say something to her because it was what she wanted to hear. Right?
"Don't say those words, Louis, unless you mean them. I've heard words before."
Louis narrowed his eyes in complete seriousness. "One thing you will learn quickly with me, Billie, is I never say anything I don't mean. My feelings are real. I don't understand them and I can't predict them, but they are very real."
Billie searched his eyes, studying his sincerity. The emotions crossing his face made it clear what lay in his heart. "I believe you." Billie started walking toward her destiny, where Louis stood, waiting patiently. "Maybe we can discover the full range of our feelings when you get back."
"Count on it, lady," he said with a raw voice. He took the last step until she was buried in his arms. Louis vowed passionately he would show her exactly what he felt the moment he returned.
His kiss, searching and erotic, thrilled her as nothing could before. Yet, the tenderness revealed by his touch made his passion all the more special. Billie reveled in the feeling of being loved and protected. Usually she protected the innocent. To have someone else protect her felt great. She would always cherish the way she felt in this moment. Billie never wanted to lose this feeling...or Louis.
~*~
In the semi-darkened living room of Billie's apartment, Sarah and David held each other close, looking out the window at the mid-day sky. So many thoughts weighed heavily on their hearts, but neither spoke. They did not want to break the quiet peace by bringing their fears into the tranquility they found within each other's embrace.
This was good-bye and both understood it might mean forever. If David and Louis were successful and the Lord took David away immediately, she might never see him again. It would be over. Her life as she knew it-in David's arms-would end too soon. The thought was too painful to bear.
David squeezed her shoulders against his firm side and felt somehow different. He could not explain the sensation. It was unusual, new. As an angel, he could feel many things-the physical, painful blows he received in battle. Although the wounds looked severe, they were temporary and never fatal. The emotions he felt over the centuries were always with him. Sometimes they brought happiness and sometimes great sorrow. Like the sorrow he felt in his heart while holding Sarah for possibly the last time.
"We must leave, beloved. It is late in the day already."
"I know, I know. I just hate all of this. A part of me wishes it was already over and part of me wishes it would never end."
David nodded his understanding, her feelings of conflict. "Yes, my love. Yet, this I must do if I am to prove my worth on Earth to the Lord. We need to have all of the-How did you say it?-cards in our favor."
Sarah began laughing. Somehow, though, it transformed until she collapsed in tears. David's eyes darkened to a deeper blue, his agony equaling her own as he held her up against the strength of his body. The battle he fought within showed clearly on his face. His tortured eyes began to tear up until everything around him started to blur.
"Oh, David, you must come back safely to me. You must! I don't think I could-"
Her voice cracked and her tears spilled over, rolling slowly down her cheeks until they slipped from her chin to his chest. David couldn't bear to see her in so much pain. He turned her fully into his embrace and kissed the salty trails away with his warm lips and tender, healing touch.
"You will go on, no matter the outcome! Nothing, neither man nor angel, must deter you. In this, beloved Sarah, you must listen and believe. I will surely feel the pain of a thousand deaths in my heart if your life lay in ruin because of me. Do not subject me to such a fate for all of eternity, Sarah!"
Sarah looked up and lost herself in the passionate warmth of his eyes. "David, David... How can I make you understand? I'll always love our Lord and follow Him, even if He takes you away from me. But my heart and life will never be the same with you gone. We are one in body and spirit through marriage, David, in our hearts and because of our vows of unity. Without you I will only exist in part. I'll be one half of the whole. You make me complete."
"My beloved wife..." he whispered reverently.
"Beloved husband..." she responded with bittersweet happiness. Reaching up until she stood on her toes, she closed the remaining distance and sealed their vows of love with a passionate, desperate kiss.
The longing to give her body to David burned through her flesh, but time was against them. They kissed until their hearts felt like breaking. Within minutes David would be gone, maybe forever. How could she bear it? How could she allow it?
Sarah broke her mouth away from the sweetness of his kiss, though she held him close. Into his chest she whispered, "I love you, David. For all eternity."
Placing a large palm against her small face, he raised her chin, searching her eyes and finding love, devotion, longing and pain. Her ragged voice caused a horrible pain to spread inside his chest. He'd never experienced mortal death, but he couldn't imagine it feeling worse than the agony he felt in this moment.
"Throughout all eternity, my beloved Sarah. My wife."
A throat cleared softly from the doorway. Neither looked away from the other, but both heard Louis' reluctant voice clearly.
"I'm sorry, guys, it's time. I suggest the girls stay inside. It'll be safer that way."
David nodded his agreement without looking away from Sarah's suddenly ashen face. He heard Nicole's small cry of distress and turned his head to see Billie leading her into the room.
The child broke into a run and he swept her up in powerful arms.
"No, David, no! Please, don't go away! You're my new daddy now. God doesn't need you in Heaven anymore." Her child-like innocence moved him as nothing else could. How did humans live each day with the sorrow of these emotions? No wonder so many retreated into a world of their own making.
Sarah drew his attention and nodded with worry toward Billie. 
Billie looked from David to Louis to Sarah, her expression confused. 
David shrugged as if it no longer mattered-as if resigned to a sealed fate.
"I know, Nicole. No matter the outcome in the days ahead, I am your new daddy. Though I must go with Louis, there is something you can do to help me while I am gone."
After a brief pause so Nicole could dry her eyes and nod, he said, "I need you to protect your mother for me. Your prayers went a long way to reach me and call for my aid. Those prayers to the Lord will keep you and your mother safe. He listens and provides, as you well know."
Nicole looked to her mother, whose lips trembled as she cried, to Billie and Louis, who gave her a thumbs up and a wink. Tightening her lips, Nicole stiffened her spine, determined to aid her mother. With a solemn nod, Nicole leaned in and kissed David's cheek. David hugged her tightly and whispered his approval. Placing a tender kiss on her cheek then forehead, he realized the simple show of affection might very well have to last him an eternity.
Without speaking another word, the five walked out of Billie's apartment, past the kitchen until just inside the swinging door leading to the main room. The women stopped. Sarah pulled Nicole back by the shoulders until the child's back came up against her legs. She could feel the pull in Nicole to dash forward and cling to her new father. 
Side by side, the two men walked to the front door then turned, standing in the doorway. In their eyes reflected a love which ran unbelievably deep and bore the power to flow like a never-ending river.
Three sets of feminine eyes returned the same, deeply felt love.
The moment became frozen in time. Those few seconds felt like hours to Louis and David as they looked into the women's eyes to say a last, silent good-bye.
With grave finality, Louis quietly closed the door.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

I tell you, there is rejoicing in the presence of the 
angels of God over one sinner who repents.   
Luke 15:10

Chapter Thirteen

David watched cautiously as Louis made his way back to the jeep. He decided to stop at a payphone before leaving Sleepyeye, saying he needed to make two calls. One went to a policeman friend whom he trusted with his life-the other to Billie.
David smiled. They weren't gone more than twenty minutes and already Louis needed the reassurance he found in Billie's voice. David understood this very well. There was an uncontrollable desire burning through him to turn back and keep Sarah and Nicole safe in his arms. But the need to see to their ultimate safety outweighed his personal desires.
Warmth filled his chest when he thought of his girls, his family. Pride was an emotion he was coming to recognize within himself. Not the sinful pride which came from thinking of oneself in an egotistical way, but the pride he felt when he thought of Sarah and Nicole as his family. No matter what happened from this moment on, they belonged to him and he to them. They all shared a unique love of God, heart and family, ties he was overjoyed to say bound him to his girls. His chest swelled with an understandable pride and joy as a new husband and father. Even if it were to be short-lived, his dream of a mortal family had been granted.
So many things lay heavily on his heart, but he forced them aside for the moment and concentrated his efforts on helping Louis nail this guy. David smiled once again. Human slang could be quite fun, once you understood the meanings.
David felt the jeep rock and looked over to see Louis pulling himself up easily into the driver's side. He settled and heaved a dramatic sigh. David couldn't resist the teasing in his next words.
"So, how is Billie?"
Louis cleared his throat and instantly wiped the love-sick expression from his face. He started the engine and merged into traffic, leaving the town behind. Louis kept his eyes directly ahead and David knew why. From experience he discovered, when love is involved, it always shows on one's face.
"She's fine, so are Sarah and Nicole. I made Billie promise to keep them in her apartment and out of sight until we return. She's going to hear from me twice a day, once in the morning and once at night. If she doesn't, she's to take the girls into hiding somewhere else until she knows for certain it's safe to come out. I trust her judgment, so they'll all be okay."
Louis fell quiet and David didn't interrupt his thoughts. After a few minutes Louis spoke quietly, his voice barely heard over the sound of the jeep's engine.
"I hate getting Billie involved this way, it's too dangerous. But she's the only one I trust with the girls' safety, besides the two of us. I don't know who Moretti owns on the force, so I called Greer, my previous partner. Juan Greer and I went to the academy together. I know I can trust him because of his past record. It's letter perfect. He's also pulled my butt out of danger more than once."
David watched Louis carefully. Although he stopped speaking, his face worked endlessly. Obviously, something else lay on his mind, something he wanted to add. He waited patiently.
"Greer is a good man," Louis continued. "He...well, he talks about God all the time, calls himself a Christian like Sarah does. Forgive me, but it gives me the creeps sometimes. Other times, I guess I envy him. Being a cop usually makes a man or woman hard, cold and normally pessimistic. We've seen too much to wear rose-colored glasses. Juan's different, though. He actually sees good in the scum he brings in. He never cusses and never once used his handgun or night stick. We call him 'The Saint' because he's known for giving more than one hardened criminal a second chance.
"I guess it's hard not to trust a man who believes in a God who's so good and forgiving."
The silence caught Louis' attention. He looked over and noted David's wry smile and amused, raised brow. Louis barked a laugh. He'd forgotten he was in the presence of an angel who'd been around Juan's God for a very long time.
"Sorry." Louis grinned and shrugged his shoulders helplessly.
"No apology is necessary, Louis. Though I am not one of the heirs of salvation, I have no shame for the God I serve. I respect and fear my Lord and will always do so, no matter what decision he makes concerning me. I am forever his humble servant."
Though his words were submissive, David's chin went up. Pride and respect were clearly evident on his face. He loved his God and Louis stood in awe of so much faith and trust. He sat in stunned silence. He'd seen other cops take vows to serve and protect, he'd witnessed leaders promising to serve their countries. Never, never had he seen anyone make a vow to serve unconditionally out of love, not simply a desire to protect and aid. David's love for his God went deep. It appeared selfless and unending. It was beyond Louis' comprehension.
David's words made Louis think about his own life, its ups and downs. Mostly downs. A cop sees entirely too much evil in the world to remain optimistic for more than six months out of the academy. He wondered why Sarah and Juan were so sure their God had the answer to it all-to life.
"David?"
"Yes?"
"What's the big lure? I mean, what's so special about Christianity? It's not like a necessity of life, right? It's just a choice between religions, or choosing none at all."
"No, Louis. My Lord and Master created me to serve, in Heaven and later on Earth. For me, there is no other option available. You are human, however, and given a choice-a chance to receive what is given freely in love or refuse. You either choose the gift of life through Christ, or you choose to stay as you are now, forever damned."
David's voice remained quiet, his tone neutral. There was no censure, no threat. He merely stated the facts. Regardless, it got Louis' attention. His head snapped to the side.
"What?"
"Louis, all human life is automatically born into sin. Without Christ's gift of eternal life, there is no hope to gain Heaven. You and only you must choose it for yourself, to be saved from a fate much worse than physical death. Eternal death, forever alive in torment."
"You're talking Hell now, right?"
David laughed at the simplicity of the word. "Hell-a delicate word for a place of such agony, pain and fear. I have seen it many times, though always from a distance. Whenever I battle against the fallen angels, demons to your understanding, I would chase them back to the liquid pit of fire. I do not like being so close to the damned. The heat is like nothing known to man, the flames leaping, blinding and millions of times more scorching than Earth's sun. Worse are the sounds of screams. It is a shrill, horrific sound of torture, one I will never forget."
Louis gulped. "The screams of demons?"
"No." David's frown was heavy, sad. "They do not scream-they laugh. It's in the screams of mankind where they find their amusement. They enjoy torturing the lost souls surrounding them. You see, Louis, the fire is indeed hot and horribly painful. Though the creatures in Hell are the ones who inflict most of the pain."
"I think I'll pass on that tourist attraction." Louis tried to joke his way around the subject, but his face held no humor. In fact, David thought he looked slightly pale.
"A wise decision, Louis. Yet, you should know, it waits for you unless your heart changes and you believe on the Lord God, follow His ways of love and salvation. The Christian path is not an easy one; do not be fooled. The end reward, however, is greater than anything you will face here on Earth."
Louis swallowed again and glanced at David. After a drawn-out sigh, he gripped the steering wheel tightly. "Let me think about this, David. It's a lot of take in, a lot to believe."
David shook his head sadly. Although he understood Louis' need to verify what David knew as fact, time did not always favor the humans. "Time waits for no man and neither should you wait, Louis. If you are close to a decision, be aware. Satan will do all in his power to end your life before you make up your mind. He wants you to burn, Louis. I guarantee it."
Louis began to sweat and shake. He felt a great heaviness in his chest, like a two-ton safe sitting on the pumping organ. It was the feeling he got right before a bust went down, like something big was coming and he had to be on his toes or else.
Visions from David's words ran through his head. Louis understood what David said, believed the angel only told him what he'd seen, what he knew to be true. But the fear of Louis changing the man he'd become inside... It terrified him most of all. If he ever made this decision, he knew it would change his life and how he viewed things forever. Would this be a good or a bad thing?
"I get what you're saying, David. Really, I do. It's just so hard for me to believe it all, even knowing who you are and where you've been."
"Believe it, Louis. It is the truth. I battled Lucifer and those who followed him until they were thrust from our domain. I battle against forces visible and invisible. I have done so since the earth was formed. My battle is as vital as the battle you wage against man. Both of us are warriors in our own right. We understand evil and the need to prevent it from spreading. I have no desire to stay silent and watch the evil I have faced claim you as well."
Only the sound of the engine could be heard. Louis remained quiet, deep in thought. He considered everything David said, all he'd witnessed in his own life and everything he wished his life could be.
Louis released a sigh he felt clean down to his bones. "I'm beginning to grow tired of the battle as a cop, David. This is one warrior who's losing the desire to fight a battle I just can't win."
After a moment of silence, David said, "There is more. Tell me."
Opening his mouth, Louis changed his mind and snapped it shut, a frown marring his brow. He forced himself to focus and try to tell David what he was feeling. "I'm not sure how to explain it. It has a lot to do with Billie. Being a cop has become second in my mind. I think about Billie and worry about her all the time and I..." He paused to collect his thoughts. "For the first time in my life, I think I'm in love with someone. I mean really in love."
"Would you give your life for her?"
Without hesitation, Louis replied, "In a heartbeat."
David smiled. "Yes, my mortal friend, you love Billie."
"I'm thinking ahead about my future too. About having a...wife." Louis cast a quick glance to his right in time to see David nod once, firmly, as if he approved.
"This is good. She will be a wonderful wife for you. God has chosen well."
God? Chosen?
"She and I met by chance, David."
"Did you?" David cocked his head to the side. "Are you sure?" His smile was full of mischief.
No, Louis thought. I'm not sure. David made him wonder if everything he'd believed in before should be in question. The thought frightened him.
Instantly, Louis remembered David's conversation with higher powers when they were in the forest. Out of the blue, Billie's jeep pulled up, as if she'd been summoned there. But she'd been on a camping trip, right?
A sensation, like something from the Twilight Zone, crept along his skin. It was a weird sensation, but didn't make him afraid. The whole situation made him feel-special. Like someone watched out for his life and happiness. What if it is really true?
Louis shook his head. He'd think about this more later, when there was time. Right now he had a job to do.
Sleepyeye grew smaller in the rearview mirror. Louis knew his exact destination and figured sometime tomorrow evening he'd reach the hotel a few miles from Moretti's house. They'd have to drive many miles in the next twenty-four hours. They'd been on the road only an hour and already Louis felt bare and vulnerable after confessing so much. For a seasoned, hard cop, it felt strange to open up like this. Vulnerability makes you weak, allows the scum to get a good shot while your mind is distracted by a pair of smoldering gray, soulful eyes. Even now he felt his concentration slipping.
Strangely, though, he also felt free. For the first time since childhood he felt light-hearted and happy. Really happy. It was a great feeling and worth the risk to his heart.
Louis' thoughts turned completely to business, focusing on the task ahead. This would be tough. If only David could use his angelic powers, they would be able to get in and out without being seen or heard. As it stood, he'd be doing good to get in at all to perform a search. A friend, who became a judge two years ago, agreed to discretely get him a search warrant. If word got out to Moretti that a warrant was in the making, the man would hide any and all evidence and, essentially, they'd be screwed. It was up to Louis and his few trusted friends to make sure this went down smoothly and quietly.
The evidence they needed would be tough to obtain without a full confession from Moretti. If the warrant somehow failed to come through...
Confession. That's it! Turning his head, Louis asked, "How well can you bluff?"
David raised a single brow. "Lie?"
"No, no. I mean pull their leg, feed them a scam. You know, like acting."
"I'm unsure. How would this be done?"
"When we get to Moretti's house, I need him to think you're a cop. Have you ever heard the expression, Good Cop/Bad Cop?"
"No. We already know there are bad cops involved."
"You aren't getting me. Since you're an angel, it seems only logical for you to play the good cop. I'll play the bad one. Listen up and I'll tell you how it's done. Then we'll see how well you handle my .45."
For the next two hours, Louis explained the details of his idea, and then spent a good ten minutes explaining how to safely and accurately hold and load a handgun. He stopped the car long enough to release a few rounds into the trunk of a tree, showing David the mechanics of firing, just in case. Louis slammed a new magazine in out of frustration when David refused to fire the weapon. He insisted it remain on safety. Louis wanted to scream! Sarah would have his hide if something happened to David. He'd end up with double-duty watching the angel's back as well as his own. The brief stop set them back, but not by much. He could make up the time later.
Louis glanced at his watch, noting the time. In a few hours he'd check in with Billie. Man, he missed her. If he wasn't careful, he'd be spouting off a romantic I love you over the phone like some lovesick puppy. Love was a new emotion for him and he wanted to take it easy on the love-talk. She knew what he felt and that would be good enough for now.
All in all, this whole adventure promised to be the most enlightening of his life.
~*~
For the most part, the cheerful atmosphere at the Home included children's laughter and Billie's booming voice.
Today seemed different, though. At least for Sarah, Nicole and Billie.
Billie forced a false, tight smile, going about the everyday tasks as the Home's owner and director. 
Sarah stayed in the kitchen with Tanya, keeping her hands and, therefore, her mind occupied. 
Nicole's only comfort came in the form of Sue Ann. The two girls played together silently and in seclusion, off in a far corner by the back wall. The simple card game should be relaxing, but Nicole didn't really feel like playing today. She really liked Sue Ann, even if her friend remained silent.
When Nicole didn't pick up her card, Sue Ann looked up in question. She placed a comforting, cool hand on Nicole's, bringing Nicole's eyes upward. She saw tears.
Sue Ann smiled, simply, easily. It came as a surprise to Nicole. The smile transformed her friend's face into something really pretty. Since meeting Sue Ann, it was her first smile. Nicole found the smile contagious and returned it, drying her leaky eyes with the back of her hand. Sue Ann nodded with approval and the card game continued, still in silence but with an underlining message between the two girls. A firm friendship grew between them. They were forming a bond stronger than one of blood. They were becoming family. The feelings between the two girls ran deep and unexplained. Only grown-ups felt the need to explain everything they felt. Kids simply accepted the feelings without question and acted on them.
Darkness began to fall and Nicole knew Louis would be calling soon. He'd promised. She kept her eyes on the cards in her hand and her ears open for the ringing of the phone. Any time now, any-
Ring...ring...
Nicole's head shot up. She jumped up from Sue Ann's bed and darted her small body through the back swinging door where the phone hung on the wall by the kitchen. Sarah was closer and beat her to it, Billie only half a second behind Nicole.
Breathless with anticipation, Sarah rasped, "Hello!"
"It's Louis."
It took tremendous effort not to appear disappointed. Silently, she handed the phone over to Billie. Sarah couldn't resist a small smile when her friend gulped audibly and wet her lips.
Billie didn't even have time to open her mouth. Her rough breathing gave her away.
"Hi'a, kid."
"Louis..." Grateful for many reasons, Billie closed her eyes for a moment. He's all right. Nothing else matters.
"Have you been running in place, baby?" he teased.
Surprised by his teasing, Billie's eyes snapped open, her ire working its way to the surface. For Charles's sake! The man could be downright insufferable at times.
"What do you think? I don't stand around twiddling my thumbs all day!"
"I miss you too, babe." The depth of his voice housed intense pain, his voice quiet, serious.
Billie's bubble of indignation abruptly popped, shriveling up like a deflated balloon. "Oh, Louis... I miss you like crazy," she whispered, the moment painful and intimate.
Silence reigned on the phone line for a handful of seconds before Louis got down to business.
"Listen, Billie, David and I will call tomorrow morning. If I haven't called by, oh say, six am, take the girls and get out of there. Don't wait around for a call that may not come." Her sharp intake of breath actually caused his heart to ache. But it needed to be said.
"I mean it, Billie. You'll be risking all of your lives if you hang around the Home. Moretti's man wouldn't have a problem killing everyone in the Home to eliminate Nicole and Sarah. I don't think it'll happen, though. From what I've seen of this hitman so far, he works by stealth, which means everyone at the Home should be safe. Should be. Don't take any unnecessary risks." Quietly he added, "Please, babe, I don't want anything to happen to you, or the girls."
Billie conceded Louis' point, though it didn't make agreeing any easier. She heard a slight click in her ear and knew someone else came on the line. Probably Sarah. 
"I promise, Louis. Now, tell me everything. I want to know your plan."
"This makes two of us," Sarah replied from an extension inside Billie's apartment. Billie never even noticed the two girls leaving.
Louis sighed heavily. The last thing he wanted to do was tell them how dangerous his plan would be. Both women would scream in protest, he just knew it. He refused to lie to them. He'd simply have to guard his words.
"Late tomorrow night, David and I should reach Moretti's house." There was a telling pause. "I'm going to go in through his front door."
Billie breathed in deeply, realizing the danger. Her brows lowered as her voice pitched deep. "And why would Moretti allow it?"
"Because I'm going to have backup in place outside. I'm hoping to force a confession. A buddy of mine is getting evidence that'll put Moretti away for good. If this evidence turns out to be as solid as he says it is, Moretti doesn't have a prayer."
Billie gasped softly, finally understanding what Louis had in mind and the danger involved.
"That's suicide! For one thing you won't have enough backup to make a difference and for another, he'll never buy that you have evidence against him. It's not like you can show up with it on his doorstop. He'll see it for the bluff it is and blow you away on the spot! You'll be on his property and nothing will be able to stop him."
"Maybe, maybe not."
Those few quiet words became an exploding bomb.
"Where's the logic in this plan, Louis? Where?" Desperation laced her voice making it husky and thick. Billie didn't know whether to be angry or terrified.
Louis' voice lowered into something soothing, calming. "Easy, baby. This all depends on the evidence my friend's contact is bringing me. The bluff comes into play after I've dropped my little surprise. I do have backup, by the way, who'll show up whenever I give the word. It'll all work out, kid. You'll see."
Sarah broke in from the other extension. "How can David help you, Louis?"
"He's going to, uhh, break into the compound with me and do what he does best. He'll be my second set of eyes." Although Louis replied confidently, he didn't feel it. So many things could go wrong with this whipped-up plan, but there was no time left for another.
Sarah's soft voice pleaded with Louis. "But David isn't able to-to do the things he's done in the past. He's vulnerable now in many ways. Please, Louis, you can't let him go into this man's house."
"He'll be okay, Sarah. You know he will. We won't be alone in there. I have a friend, a fellow officer, who will call for reinforcements the second we need them. Moretti is in for the surprise of his life."
A long pause hung heavily over the line.
"Louis..." Billie stopped abruptly when her voice broke in fear.
Louis could hear her unspoken worry. "Listen, babe, David is motioning for the phone. We need to get back on the road." Softly, he said, "Get some rest, kid. I'll talk to you in the morning."
"Okay. Louis..?"
"I know, baby-me too. Here's David."
Louis heard the phone click as Billie hung up her extension before he passed the phone to David. Moving away, he gave David some privacy, waiting for him by the car.
"Sarah?"
Sarah closed her eyes briefly, David's deep, rich voice reverberating through the phone to touch her like a caress.
"Oh, David, how I wish you were here. I'm so terrified for you."
"Don't worry. I will be safe, remember?"
"I know, I know, but you've lost all your powers, David. You aren't used to being without them." Quietly she added, "Something could go wrong."
"I will manage without my abilities, my angel. I know the ways of war and can defend myself, if need be. Pray for Louis' safety, and his soul."
"You've spoken to him about the Lord?"
"Yes. Only he can make the decision."
"I'll pray, David, for both of you."
David glanced over to the car. The man in question checked his watch then scanned the area, a worried frown marring his brow. Time to go.
"We must leave, Sarah. Time is...a-wastin'."
Despite the graveness of the circumstances, Sarah laughed softly. She knew David well, knew he'd spoken the phrase to hear her laugh.
"Louis," she said. "You must've learned the phrase from him."
"Yes, I did."
Sarah could hear the smile in his voice and smiled as well.
"Please, be careful, David. Promise me..."
"I vow to you, here and now, I will do whatever is in my power to keep Louis and myself safe from harm."
Good enough. What more can I ask? The faith she carried in David's abilities, powers or no, ran incredibly high. She believed in him, loved him. His sense of responsibility constantly amazed her and she understood he was only doing what he felt he must.
David's voice came over the wire in a hushed whisper. "Good-night, my lovely angel. Dream of me."
"Always." A brave word, but her voice cracked to reveal her deep fear nonetheless.
The line went dead in her hand.
Sarah hugged the handle against her chest, unwilling to relinquish it. The phone felt deceivingly warm against her hand, as if she'd somehow captured his warmth to hold within her body. Her eyes were moist with hot tears and she wanted to scream at the unfairness in a world which would allow men like Moretti to exist.
Nicole's small hand on her arm brought her back to reality and she realized she still hugged the phone to her chest. How long have I been standing here? The phone began making loud, irritating beeps advising she hang it up.
Shaking her head in irritation, she quietly replaced the receiver and took Nicole into her arms. The child returned her mother's hug eagerly, needing the reassurance of an adult.
"He'll be home soon, Nicole. David is very strong and smart. He and Louis will be all right."
"Can David still disappear like he did before and hide from the bad guys?"
Sarah swallowed her immediate answer and eyed the opened but deserted apartment doorway. Billie should be in the kitchen or main room by now.
"No, honey. He can't do any more of his special things, but he'll always be special to us, as he is."
"Gee, I'm sure going to miss seeing him fly. I think that's so cool." Nicole's grin spread across her face until Sarah couldn't help but respond with one of her own.
"I think so too, honey," she said, ushering her daughter forward and into the long hallway leading to the kitchen and cafeteria.
A movement at the end of the hall caught Sarah's eye. She focused quickly on the open door and the person who stood within the frame. Sarah witnessed shock and disbelief on Billie's face.
Billie blinked in horror, unwilling to believe what her ears just heard. In a stunned voice she whispered, "What are you two talking about? Who are you people?"

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

For the Son of Man is going to come in his Father's glory 
with his angels, and then he will reward each 
person according to his deeds.   
Matthew 16:27

Chapter Fourteen

Sarah realized she better come up with some really good answers. Billie looked terrified, and rightly so. Not everyone believed in angels, and many couldn't accept the concept of God. Billie was a woman of common sense and good character. She would listen to all of the facts first before making any rash decisions.
Though, how could she explain what happened to David? She refused to lie, but couldn't find the words to begin. What on earth do you tell someone who's overheard you talking about seeing an angel?
Sarah need not have worried about what to tell Billie about David. Before she could open her mouth, Nicole spoke without hesitation, her words rushing out in a single breath.
"We aren't the angels. I thought everybody could see how different David is. He's special just like Mommy said."
Without looking back, the women watched Nicole run through the open door and down the short hall to the main room. She made a bee-line directly for Sue Ann's bed and the deserted card game.
Sarah turned away from the sight, a smile lighting her features. The little sprite should've been named Pandora.
"Let me explain," Sarah began. Billie nodded slowly.
They entered the cafeteria and sat at one of the tables. She cringed when Billie seated herself safely two chairs away. How would she explain this without coming across sounding insane?
"David was assigned to guard Nicole soon after we were brought to the safe house. His mission is almost identical to Louis'...except David's orders come from Heaven and not Earth."
Billie sucked in a harsh breath and leaned away. Sarah has lost her mind! "You're telling me you think David is an angel? Like with wings and a halo?"
It felt good to release a rich laugh when she pictured David wearing a halo. "Well, I'm not sure about a halo, but yes, he had wings."
Billie's brow puckered. "Had?"
Extreme sadness filled Sarah's heart and showed on her face. "The wings are history for now, I'm afraid. So is his ability to fly and become invisible." Billie shook her head and Sarah easily read her doubt. "I know how all of this sounds and how it must look for someone who never saw him in his angelic state, but David is real. And, for now, he's mine."
The possession in her voice brought Billie's head up fast. "That's right! You're married to him. Isn't marriage a no-no where he's from?"
"Yeah. It's why he's without any supernatural power. I'm afraid we've broken a few rules, to say the least. Billie, I'm afraid for him."
"Yes, I guess you should be." Struggling to grasp the possibility of this happening, Billie paused a moment. After a deep breath she said, "Forgive me. I'm trying really hard to believe what you've said. I'm not really sure how I feel about God and angels."
Closing her eyes briefly, Sarah thanked God for the wonderful opportunity he placed before her. For the next hour Sarah spoke in great detail about God's plan for mankind and His love for Billie. She looked a little shell-shocked and Sarah supposed it was a normal reaction. After all, a girl didn't discover an angel as a friend every day.
By bedtime, both women found sleep slow in coming. Sarah could hardly wait until David called again. She dreaded the call as well. It might well be the final contact before they confronted Moretti at his house.
There were too many holes in the plan for Billie's peace of mind. Couldn't Louis find a better way to put Moretti away without taking such a big risk to his life?
These questions and more ran unending through the women's minds until exhaustion finally claimed them.
It was nearly over...in just over twenty-four hours. The plan Louis laid out sounded too simple and just about anything could happen. Everything could go horribly wrong.
Deep in the night Billie had a nightmare where Louis and David were in trouble and great pain. When she woke with a startled gasp, Billie glanced around the room, afraid of every shadow, every sound.
She lay back down and pulled the covers to her chin as terror lodged itself deep in her chest, tightening like a vice around her heart.
~*~
Charles Malone sat in a corner coffee shop, hot and frustrated. Moretti's informant on the inside provided a list three pages long of jeep owners in the Sleepyeye area. At this rate it would take months to locate the jeep used to take the Denison's out of the forest. He didn't have months. Those girls needed to be found and soon.
A movement caught his eye, capturing Malone's attention. He stared at two men leaving some kind of nursing home in a jeep. He nearly came out of his chair as his breath hissed sharply between his teeth. He recognized the man driving-the cop hiding out with the Denisons! He shot the cop the other day and knew instantly the jeep driving away was the one he'd been searching for.
As the vehicle drove out of sight, his eyes swept over the building across the street. A few hours ago he'd asked the shop's owner about the building and what it was used for. The Home of Dreams-a shelter for abused women and children. Odds were very good the Denison girls were inside. He'd bet money on it.
Malone checked his watch then the sky outside the coffee shop's window. After dark he'd wait a few extra hours, just to make sure all the inhabitants were asleep. Then he'd make his move. The Denisons would be dead before morning.
~*~
Sue Ann woke up, wide awake. It was the middle of the night. She knew for certain because she woke up at the same time each and every night. She really liked nighttime. She enjoyed the quiet and peacefulness she felt when the insects began their singing. And she didn't mind being alone so much of the time. Before her parents died it had been the same way.
Sue Ann walked along the rows of beds, watching the women and children as they slept. This feeling of watching over them made her wonder. What would it be like to be someone's Guardian angel? Maybe over one of the other kids? Someone to watch over and protect when in trouble. That would be so neat. Her sigh was dreamy and a small smile graced her lips.
Nicole woke at a soft touch on her shoulder. Reaching up, she rubbed the sleep from her eyes. When they focused, she spotted Sue Ann and smiled. Sitting up in bed, she quickly swung her legs over the side, careful not to make a sound and wake anyone close by. With a tilt of her head, she motioned to the rear swinging door, leading to the kitchen and cafeteria. Like something out of a Saturday morning cartoon, they tip-toed quietly until they reached the inside of the kitchen. Afraid of being discovered, they turned on the small light above the stove, keeping most of the large room in shadow.
"I'm glad you woke me. I'm not sure what it is, but I got this funny feeling something isn't right." Nicole opened the refrigerator door and withdrew two apples while Sue Ann took two bananas out of a big bowl on the kitchen counter. Each traded one fruit to the other and they shared a smile of friendship. They sat on the tile against the cabinets below the sink to eat.
Sue Ann pointed to herself and frowned. Nicole understood the gesture and shook her head.
"No, it wasn't you. I just feel like something is wrong. I hope David and Louis are okay."
Sue Ann's hand covered her own and she smiled encouragingly through a bite of banana. Nicole returned it and dug into her own fruit.
They enjoyed the silence of night within the Home. The only sound was the drip, drip of water leaking from the kitchen faucet. Nighttime had been the most peaceful and soothing for Sue Ann for reasons going far into her past. At night, her father usually slept off his drinking and her house would be quiet. Well, except for her step-mother's muffled crying. No screaming, no hitting, no hurting. Sue Ann welcomed the night.
The silence broke with the smallest of sounds, like the scraping of a tree branch against glass. The girls exchanged a worried look and hastily stood and turned to the window over the sink. A tall shadow passed by the kitchen window and Nicole gasped. With one hand she covered her mouth and with the other she pointed at the window.
Turning on a dime, they ran out of the kitchen and to the swinging door leading to the main room. They eased it open only a few inches. A few seconds later they heard scraping then the unmistakable sound of the front door opening. A tall man pocketed something then stepped inside and stopped. A whoosh of air followed him in. Quietly, he closed the door, the hinges not making a sound in the dead silence of the room. He scanned the sea of beds from left to right, searching, the girls knew, for Nicole and Sarah. Not finding what he wanted, he started forward, directly toward the swinging door where they stood!
	Dropping their bananas in the hall, the girls ran quietly to Billie's apartment. Once inside they split up, Nicole to the left after her mother and Sue Ann to the right after Billie. Less than a minute later, four shaking females stood in the living room apartment.
Sarah frantically swept the room, looking for an escape. "Nicole said a man just broke into the Home. I have to get her out of here!" Sarah ran for the window.
Billie's arm detained her. "No, no!" She took Nicole's hand. "There's a hidden room in the-"
Sue Ann grabbed Nicole's other hand and ran for the door. The women followed. Seconds remained before they would all be discovered.
Sue Ann ran along the hallway to the other end then threw open the closet door. Rows of towels and linens on the surrounding shelves packed the walk-in closet. The back wall of the closet stood solid and empty.
Billie pushed Sarah inside, closing the door quietly. Leaning over the girl's shoulders, she whispered, "Touch the wall at the base."
Sue Ann touched the wall and followed her fingertips down until she came to a small button-like knot protruding from the wall. She pushed it and instantly a three by three foot section of the wall opened up to reveal a stairway leading down.
Footsteps echoed in the hallway between the cafeteria and the kitchen. The two women traded a glance and knew they were out of time.
Making a quick decision, Sarah pulled Nicole against her and kissed the top of her head whispering over it to Sue Ann. "Take her down the stairs. Hurry!" Only the children's safety mattered.
Opening the door, Sarah was once again pushed outside. Billie shut the door quietly and the women ran back down the hall to the apartment. The sound of running feet from somewhere close behind told them they'd been spotted. The kids should be safe in the hidden underground room by now. Playing decoy, it was their turn to try and escape.
Billie ran into the office she'd been doubling as a bedroom, Sarah slamming and locking the door behind them. Taking no chances, she jammed the back side of a chair under the doorknob for added support. The man on the other side of the door rattled the knob aggressively.
"The window," Billie urged. "Hurry!" The door handle stopped moving; the sudden quiet felt ominous. 
The window's locks refused to open. Seeing the problem, Sarah took the other side and struggled to open it. Fear of what this man would do if they didn't get away fueled her efforts. 
After long seconds, Billie's lock gave way. Sarah's followed moments later. Wasting no time, Billie crawled through the opened window and dropped the five feet to the ground. She remembered then the ground level on this side of the building fell away and swooped down until it reached the trees farther back, away from the road.
A disembodied voice made its way to Sarah's ears from the outside. "Come on, come on! Get moving, Sarah!"
Sarah immediately grabbed one side of the window frame and ducked down. Hearing a strange noise from outside, she dismissed it instantly. Billie sounded impatient. Straddling first one leg then the other over the window sill, she felt Billie's hands on her waist, helping her down until her feet touched the ground.
Trying to turn, Sarah discovered she couldn't move. The hands at her waist were strong-too strong. Alarmed, she turned her head sharply. Just over her shoulder, her eyes came into contact with a male chest. She gasped, her eyes widening in fear when she looked up and saw a pair of dark brown, emotionless eyes. Like a leaf in high winds, her body began to shake in reaction to his slow, evil grin.
"Gotcha." Hot breath singed her neck and Sarah nearly threw up.
Instinct drove her and Sarah opened her mouth to scream. In one swift blur of movement, he threw her back up against the brick wall by the window with such force, it knocked the air from her body. A strong hand came up to cover her mouth and nose while his other forearm came up hard against her throat.
She struggled until realizing it was useless. His strength far outweighed her own. Hoping he'd let up if she relaxed, Sarah allowed her body to go limp, not wanting to pass out in this evil man's presence. Only her eyes were in motion.
Sarah searched the ground until she saw Billie's crumpled body not far away. She closed her eyes and prayed, feeling hot tears trickle down her cheeks. God, please?please, don't let Billie be dead.
"Tears?" The man leaned forward and licked one trail from her face. He laughed when her eyes popped open in shock. "Tasty." He mocked her sorrow and smirked when she renewed her attempt to get free.
"Now, Mrs. Denison, where is your daughter?" Ever so slowly, he peeled his hand away from her mouth and nose.
Blessed oxygen filled her lungs and she breathed in greedily, gasping for air. Several moments went by while she regulated her breathing before his question registered. When it did, her eyes narrowed to slits and her chin rose in defiance. Nicole and Sue Ann would be safe as long as they didn't leave the underground hiding place. She would happily die before telling this evil creature anything!
Sarah's response came without thought. She opened her mouth to scream, but he quickly covered it, uttering a foul curse. He cursed again when she bit him, hard. She tasted blood, but he didn't let go. Sarah knew she was in deep trouble when his forearm came back up against her throat, threatening to choke the life from her. Screaming became impossible.
The man reached out lightning fast and struck her hard across the face. Sarah felt unbelievable pain in her cheek and lower lip as it began to throb. There were tears on her cheeks and she could smell the coppery scent of her blood.
"You'll pay for that, I promise you," he snarled down into her face. They were nose to nose. "For now, though, you'll suffer through your precious daughter." With a firm hand in her hair, he tugged hard until she cried out. He flipped her around, pulling an arm behind her back and pushing it up until she cried out again. "Another sound and your friend here will pay the price with her life. I don't need her help or yours to find your daughter."
He gave this a moment to sink in before he grabbed her by the shoulders and threw her to the ground. Sarah expected him to beat or rape her. He did neither. 
"Take off your shoes and pull out the laces."
What? Sarah tilted her head to the side, confused by his request. When the man's eyes narrowed and he directed his weapon over Billie's prone body, Sarah gasped.
"Fine! Yes! I'm taking them off." Sarah made quick work of removing her tennis shoes and their laces.
He pointed the 9mm HP back to Sarah's chest. "Tie her hands together behind her back with one and tie her ankles with the other."
 Sarah did as he asked, but leaned over Billie to give the impression of using more strength to tie it tight. She did the opposite. Inserting the tip of her thumb into the knot, she made sure to leave a large gap between ties. When she finished, Sarah released a controlled sigh of gratitude when the hitman didn't double-check her knots. 
He yanked Sarah to her feet and propelled her forward along the side of the building, toward the street. Sarah glanced to the right and saw the outside door leading to the kitchen standing wide open. It must be how he'd reached them so quickly.
They crossed the street and went behind a coffee shop to a waiting car. Once inside, he leveled the gun to her chest and withdrew a cell phone from his back pocket. Sarah listened as he spoke in code for some kind of special transportation.
They drove in tense silence for under an hour until they were well out of town. Sarah gasped in terror as the car approached a waiting helicopter, its blades already in motion. She couldn't leave Nicole! What if Billie was dead? Who would watch over her daughter?
"Wh-Where are we going?" The question barely emerged from her dry throat.
"You're going somewhere out of the way, for now. Insurance," he explained. With a smirk, he couldn't help taunting her. "I'm going back to find your daughter."
The powerful man didn't have to say any more. When he found her daughter, he'd kill her. Sarah's reaction was instantaneous.
"No! You can't. She's just a child!" Sarah struggled to get out of the car.
Malone leaned over and dispassionately knocked the raving woman unconscious. He carried her limp form to the chopper and gave the pilot his destination. Turning on his heel, he didn't stay as the helicopter took-off.
Without a backward glance, he got in, started the car and turned sharply back toward Sleepyeye.
~*~
Billie groaned and tried to open her eyes. They hurt, and her head throbbed like crazy. She tried to reach up but couldn't move. She wiggled her feet. Billie groaned, realizing someone bound her hands and feet. 
Slowly, she tilted her head to the side and forced her eyes open, becoming aware of her surroundings. A cold wetness seeped through her clothes and she attempted to focus. She lay outside on the ground, on her side.
An instant vision rushed through her head. Memory returned, and with it came fear and grief-the hitman, Nicole and Sue Ann's escape. Sarah's apparent capture. Did the hired man kill her already, or would he wait until he found Nicole?
Nicole! Oh, goodness... What if he'd found little Nicole! 
First things first, though. She needed to get free. Thank goodness her inner wrists were together. One hand lay over the other with the wrists bound. She eased her wrists closer together and used the middle finger of the bottom hand to check the knot. There's a hole! She eased the middle finger under the hole and worked the bottom knot up so the bindings loosened. Billie wiggled her wrists and folded her thumbs her fingers in until she could ease one hand out. I'm free!
Bringing her hands forward, she took quick notice of the shoestring and Sarah's discarded shoes off to the side before working on the knot around her ankles. She found the same hole but couldn't free her feet until she took off her shoes. Thank you, Sarah!
Billie put her shoes on with haste and tried to stand, but her body didn't want to cooperate. She rose on shaky feet, closing her eyes for a moment to clear out the cobwebs and alleviate the dizziness.
She walked gingerly, following the outside brick wall to the open door leading to the kitchen. Going inside, she shut and locked the door then went to the front entrance. The bottom and top locks had been picked and the door remained unlocked. Louis was right-for the safety of the women and children inside, they would need a much better security system.
Billie closed and locked the door gently. She moved through the throng of sleeping women and children in their beds, past the swinging door to the far hall closet which housed the hidden stairway. She pressed the button located at the base of the back wall and the panel opened.
"Hey, kids!" she whispered in a loud stage whisper into the darkness. "It's Billie. Are you both okay down there?"
A long pause followed. Then Nicole's timid voice rang out, pure and sweet.
"Yes, we're all right."
Billie closed her eyes for a moment in sweet relief. The girls were safe.
"Good job, girls. Listen, I know it's dark down there and you're scared, but I need you to stay put just a little while longer, okay? I'll be back as soon as possible. No matter what, don't leave the basement. Promise?"
"Yes, ma'am," came Nicole's small voice.
Satisfied with their immediate safety, Billie closed the panel and closet door. Now that she felt certain the girls would be all right, Billie began an extensive search for Sarah. A horrible feeling deep in her gut said her newest friend had been kidnapped.
And because of her relation to Nicole, her life was in serious jeopardy.
~*~
Louis frowned heavily, glancing at his watch-midnight. He shifted in his seat, trying to stretch out his leg and back muscles. Driving straight through the evening and into the night sounded like a good idea at the time. Now he wasn't so sure. 
An hour ago David also began to fidget. For about the tenth time, Louis looked over to David and watched the angel shake his head and massage the back of his neck with his hand.
"What's with you, David? Is it the girls?"
David glanced over to his friend then away. "Yes, I am concerned for them. However, I am troubled by something else. I..." How should I explain this feeling? "I feel strange, unlike myself."
Louis' brow puckered for a moment then he said, "Describe the feeling."
"My head aches and my neck feels tight, unable to move freely. Even my eyes are weary."
"Hmm... Have you felt this way before?"
"Never, in all my existence."
Louis released a heavy sigh and raised his brows, stating the obvious. "Well, it sounds like you're sleepy."
David's head snapped over to where Louis sat driving. "Impossible! I do not need sleep or food. I feel no pain, except the wounds I suffer while battling the fallen. Those afflictions heal completely within a matter of hours. I am not mortal."
Louis' suspicions said otherwise. He narrowed his eyes on the angel. He thought he might know what was wrong with David. If correct, it didn't bode well for their mission.
"David, tell me something. Do angels in Heaven have wives or mates?"
"No. We were not created for the purpose to procreate."
"Do angels kiss or roam around seen all the time by mortals?"
This time David's answer came much slower. Slowly, he looked over to Louis and briefly met the mortal's eye. "No." The reply emerged in a near whisper.
"Yet, you've done all of those things."
The frightening ramifications sank in. David turned back to view the road ahead, shock clearly on his face. He cleared his throat in order to speak.
"Are you suggesting I might be-?"
"Mortal." Louis nodded once, although David still faced forward. "Do you have a better explanation?"
"No, I do not."
Louis looked over, seeing David's jaw work furiously.
A moment later David said, "I must know for certain."
"Oh, yeah? How?"
Calmly, David said, "Stop the car."
Louis eyed his friend with suspicion but did as he asked. David left the car and began searching the ground. Sitting in the pitch darkness of the jeep, Louis waited, bewildered by David's unusual behavior.
A minute later David returned to his seat in the jeep, nearly as white as a sheet.
Louis couldn't remember ever seeing David startled or afraid. His friends' fear put him on edge. 
"What? What did you find out?"
David lifted his left hand. The back revealed a ragged cut, not too deep but enough to bleed steadily. All it needed was a band-aid. Louis opened the glove-box and found one, handing it to David.
"So? Don't angels get scraped hands and knees?"
"When I battle against the fallen in the air, I sometimes receive slashes from a demon's sword. Although the cuts are deep, I heal quickly, within an hour. Yet, I never bleed. Blood is a necessity for mortals only. I am a spiritual being, neither flesh nor blood."
Speaking in a quiet, gentle voice, Louis said, "Looks like you're flesh and blood now. David, I think you somehow became mortal. A human man."
Stunned motionless, David stared into his friend's compassionate eyes. The wild range of emotions was too confusing to decipher. Only one made itself evident.
He felt elated! This is what I have always hoped for, dreamed of for centuries. I've been made human, a man with a physical body for my lovely mortal wife.
Wife!
David immediately understood the exact moment he become mortal. Once he bonded his life with Sarah's, he made a vow to leave his life behind in Heaven and share hers, here on Earth.
The question remained? Why did the Lord allow it? Is this blessing of mortality to be a gift for a time, only to end in my destruction once the assignment is complete? He would not know until the moment arrived. For now he must continue to hope the Lord's mercy would permit him to stay.
A human man... The Lord transformed him into flesh and blood! The mere thought staggered his mind.
Then another realization struck-he possessed a human soul, well past the age of accountability. Mankind was born into sin; therefore, he must be also. Only one thing remained to be done before they continued on.
David opened the door and exited the jeep, backing away. "I will return, Louis. I must speak with the Lord."
"But, I thought..." You couldn't do that anymore, he finished silently since David disappeared into the trees alongside the road.
Louis sat quietly and waited for whatever David felt he must do. The stillness around him seemed eerie somehow. The animals-they weren't making a sound. The darkness combined with the silence of the forest only steps away didn't feel natural. There should be sounds of small animals scurrying through the underbrush, crickets and the occasional cry of a wolf. Absolutely no sound could be heard, not even the wind. Weird.
If David was really human now, communication with God-as he'd done in the past-would be impossible. Well, maybe David needs to find it out on his own.
Less than ten minutes later David emerged from the trees. Even in the dark, Louis could see David's ear-splitting grin. When he jumped into the jeep with the energy of a teenager, Louis gaped at the contrast between his smile and the tears running down his cheeks.
Astounded beyond belief, Louis asked, "You did it, didn't you? You talked to God. He actually listened?"
Buckling his seatbelt, David nodded with enthusiasm. "God always listens to a sinner's prayer of salvation."
Louis shook his head. "I don't get it."
"Start the car. I'll explain along the way," David replied with a friendly slap to Louis' back.
Once they were on the road, David looked up into the heavens above him and smiled, knowing his decision was being celebrated by the angelic hosts of Heaven at this very moment. He knew, of course, because of the thousands of times he'd joined in celebrating another sheep entering the fold of God's loving arms and eternal grace.
~*~
Billie searched inside the Home briefly and the outside grounds thoroughly with no luck. Sarah was gone. If only she could contact Louis instead of having to wait for his call at six am!
She wasted no time. With dawn less than two hours away, she needed to see to the girls' safety. Louis told her to get them out of there if he didn't call. That option no longer existed after last night. Billie would have to wait for the call. Her priority needed to be making sure the girls were comfortable and knew to stay put.
Collecting an assortment of flashlights and candles, Billie made her way to the closet, calling out to Sue Ann. She did so for two reasons. She was the older, more responsible child and...Billie couldn't face Nicole after she'd let Sarah down. There were no indications if Sarah survived, so what could she tell the child? Absolutely nothing.
Billie went to work; there was much to do. She left the flashlights and candles with strict instructions to Sue Ann not to leave the hideout or light the candles until necessary. She also brought them a few boxes of munchies and mixed fruit until she could better secure the building.
Billie woke Tanya and briefly explained the break-in and where the girls were hiding. She left her in charge of the only two doors, the main door in front and a side door through the kitchen. Tanya woke two women to watch each door while Billie saw to the girls' bathroom needs. Tanya apologized to Nicole several times-she had yet to find her mother. Nicole's tears fell as she and Sue Ann were led back down to the hidden room.
Billie made a fast trip to Wal-Mart and bought six locks, mostly chain locks and two, door club stoppers. If that man tried again tonight, he'd have a devil of a time getting in. She paid a young man from the store a good commission to help her install all of the locks. She'd caught him just as he left the store from working the graveyard shift. He left the Home with her week's paycheck in his back pocket. But it needed to be done. They were nearly out of time.
By five-thirty am, Billie was fit to be tied. Like a bumble bee with a flower, Billie hovered over the phone by the kitchen, chanting at the thing, "Ring, ring, ring..."
Six o'clock sharp on Monday morning, the phone finally rang.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Though we live in the world, we do not wage war as the world does. 
The weapons we fight with are not the weapons of the 
world. On the contrary, they have divine 
power to demolish strongholds.   
II Corinthians 10:3, 4

Chapter Fifteen

Louis instructed David briefly on the fundamentals of driving. It shouldn't surprise him how quickly the man caught on. It felt strange to see David acting like a mortal man when he'd only seen him as something powerful and spiritual. Untouchable. It reminded Louis of his own mortality and how quickly it could be snatched away. Louis knew how to watch his back, but David had never needed to worry about guarding his life. Louis would have to keep a close eye on his friend or the recently transformed human man would end up getting himself killed.
Finally reaching their destination around two am Monday morning, they booked a room at a hotel not far from Moretti's house. Though tired and stiff, the pressure of this assignment and anticipation of the upcoming raid kept them wired if not alert. Although they were close to Moretti's house, Louis made sure the distance would keep them, and the jeep, from being noticed. He needed this hotel room to act as a meeting place. While checking in he insisted on a room facing the main street where he could see cars coming and going through the blinds at the front window.
Louis took a quick shower, followed by David. They needed to get at least a few hours sleep before calling the Home or they wouldn't be good for much. 
Three and a half hours later and barely awake, they sat on the edge of the bed closest to the phone and made the call to the Home. Both men were anxious to speak to their loved ones. Louis punched in the phone number and tensed when a clattering sound came through the wire before the end of the first ring. He snapped to full alert. Did someone just drop the phone?
"Louis?" Billie's voice shouted in his ear.
Louis' gut twisted and he sat up straight. Billie knew how to keep her cool in tight situations. Something bad must've gone down during the night for her to lose it.
"What's wrong? Billie, are you there?" he demanded when she didn't answer right away. He could hear her breathing, but no other sound. His body remained tense as he exchanged a frightened look with David, preparing for the worst.
"Oh, Louis..." she cried into the phone. "It's all my fault. If I hadn't turned my back to the outside when Sarah crawled through the window..." Her voice broke, tears making it difficult to speak.
Louis forced himself to stay calm, his voice low and even. It was the most difficult thing he'd ever done.
"Billie, calm down, baby. Tell me what happened, nice and slow. Take a deep breath." He could hear her through the receiver doing as he'd asked.
"The girls, Nicole and Sue Ann, came and got us in the middle of the night. Someone broke in through the front door. God, Louis, it was him! It had to be. He forced Sarah to tie my hands and feet with her shoe laces."
The terror in her voice was so real, he could physically feel the blow of her words. Louis closed his eyes for a moment, feeling her fear and pain. He needed no clarification. Moretti's hitman found them.
"Easy, kid. Where are the girls now?"
"We put Nicole and Sue Ann in the hidden room the second Nicole told us what happened. Remember the hidden room I told you-"
"Yes, yes. Go on."
Billie spent the next minute giving Louis a rushed description of events leading up to their attempted escape out of Billie's office window. "I went out the window and told Sarah to hurry when someone knocked my lights out. He clobbered me but good. I'm not sure how long it took, but when I came to, Sarah was-she was gone," she ended in a broken whisper.
"Nicole and the other kid?"
"They stayed put in the hidden room. They're down there right now, safe and sound. You were right about the building's security, Louis. If I'd installed better locks then last night-"
"No, baby, this isn't your fault. You did everything you could for Sarah and the girls."
"After I saw to the girls, I made a fast trip to Wal-Mart. Tanya and a few other women watched all the entrances while I was gone. The only two doors into the Home have the locks from Hell on them now. He won't be getting to the girls tonight."
"Good job, baby. Keep the girls hidden and they should be fine. You didn't call the police, did you?"
"No. I remembered what you said about Moretti owning cops everywhere. I didn't want to take the chance."
"Smart move, kid. You've done just fine. Stay there and don't leave unless it's an emergency. By tonight this thing should be all over."
"Louis, how can you be so sure? What do you have on this guy?"
"Enough," he answered deadpan. "Trust me, kid. I know what I'm doing. Remember, I've got an ace in the hole this time."
"Be careful, Louis. I-I want you to come back," she whispered hoarsely, too emotional to speak any louder.
"I will, Billie. I promise. Take care of yourself and the girls."
"O-kay," she croaked in reply, her voice full of unshed tears.
Louis broke the connection and stared at the phone in his hand a full ten seconds before realizing David no longer sat on the edge of the bed. Louis stood and listened. A soft voice came from the bathroom. The door stood partially open and Louis discretely peeked inside.
David knelt before the closed toilet lid, his head dropped into his clasped hands. Louis stood there at the door in silence and listened to his friend's desperate prayer. David's tears and cries for help to his God tore at his heart and Louis hoped God would listen.
Sarah Denison might already be dead. Could a man's desperate prayer really be the only thing required to save a woman's life? If so, then Louis would pray with him. David didn't react when Louis eased inside the small bathroom and placed his hand on David's shoulder. Louis didn't know how to pray-having never done it before. He listened to David's words then echoed them in his own heart. 
But then again, why would God ever listen to him?
~*~
With every passing hour, Nicole's fear increased. Throughout the day, Billie showed up every few hours so they could go to the bathroom, but then she insisted they return to the hidden room. Billie left them food but Nicole just couldn't eat. The last time Billie came down to give them a bathroom break Nicole overheard Tanya say it was three pm. It must be early evening by now, at least. Where are Billie and Tanya? Where is my mother? 
"She's been gone hours, Sue Ann. I'm scared. I want outta here."
Sue Ann placed a hand on Nicole's arm to stop her ascent up the stairs.
"No, you don't have to come, Sue Ann, but I have to check on Mommy," Nicole said and started forward again.
"Stay."
The soft, roughly-spoken word gave Nicole a start. She searched out her friend's face in the darkness.
"What?" Nicole whispered.
"Stay. I will go. He isn't after me." Sue Ann spoke slowly, saying each word carefully as if testing it before it left her lips.
"Oh, Sue Ann! I can't let you-"
"Stay," she said again before opening the panel, passing through the entrance then closing the door and disappearing from sight.
Nicole's stomach churned in fear. This felt much worse. At least before she hadn't been alone in the semi-darkness. Waiting here for hours on end was the worst thing she'd ever endured. A flash of memory made her gasp. No, she'd endured much worse-biting into her palm while watching those men kill her daddy.
She glanced up, staring at the closed panel. Anything could be happening to Sue Ann. A quiet peace passed through her heart and Nicole knew God watched over her friend. Sue Ann was in good hands.
Sticking her chin out in determination, Nicole would wait a while longer. Then, with or without anyone's help, she'd go find her mother.
~*~
Louis felt no shame when David left the bathroom in tears. The two men eyed each other for a moment before embracing in a powerful hug. Louis spoke brief words of reassurance and comfort, promising David they would find Sarah at all costs. He told David to put aside his fear and get his game face on. It was time to put into motion a fail-proof plan.
"If we're going to keep Nicole and Billie safe, and find Sarah-and we will find her alive, my friend-then this raid needs to go down like clockwork."
David tilted his head to the side, confused for a moment.
Louis smiled and said, "Exact. Perfect. No room for error."
David didn't smile but nodded his head once, forcing himself to remain strong for Sarah. "Yes. What do you suggest?"
"Hang tight for a while." Louis checked his watch. "Juan is meeting us here at seven-thirty tonight with the warrant along with a contact around the same time. If the contact brings what he told me about over the phone, the rest will fall right into place."
"Is seven-thirty the soonest they can arrive?"
Louis plopped down onto the bed, suddenly too tired to hold up his own weight. He sat with his back against the headboard and crossed his ankles. "I'm afraid so. My contact guarantees he'll be here by then. I think he has a score to settle with Moretti."
Louis motioned to the other bed with a nod of his head. "Take a load off, David. You're human now which means you have to be just as exhausted as I am. I'm not sure if I can sleep, but we have about thirteen hours to kill. I'm not going to chance being seen by one of Moretti's men this close to his house, so we hold up here until tonight. Don't worry, David. We'll get this bastard." 
David nodded and sat down on the edge of the bed. "Good." He looked right into Louis' eyes. "I trust you."
Louis searched his friend's face in amazement. He really meant it! Even though David was no longer an angel, it blew him away that such a powerful creature could place so much faith in a mere mortal man. Louis didn't doubt God still backed him up, though. David's heart and will, even as a mortal man, stood firm in his beliefs, his faith in God. It amazed him.
Louis reached for the remote and flipped through, not really seeing the TV. He stopped on the weather channel and glanced over at David. The man had stretched out on the bed and Louis could tell by his steady breathing he slept peacefully. 
Turning back to the screen, Louis allowed the forecaster's voice to lull him into a deep sleep where Billie lay against his side, naked and sleeping. Louis fell asleep with the slightest smile curving his mouth.
~*~
Sarah opened her eyes and instantly shut them again, the bright light causing a shaft of pain to shoot through her skull. An echo of the bright lights behind her eyes prepared her for the harsher lighting.
She tried again and squinted from the glare of the overhead light, directly above her in her line of sight. She blinked several times to clear her blurred vision.
She lay on a bed in someone's bedroom. Slowly, sucking in a gasp from the pain any movement caused, she turned her head from side to side, surveying the room's lush interior. It appeared to be late evening from the pitch black she could see in the break of the curtains. Sarah wiggled her hands and feet feeling disheartened to find them tied securely. Shoot! She wasn't Houdini. It looked like she wouldn't be going anywhere, at least for the moment.
Her tender eyes surveyed the room. The furnishings were extravagant from the lighting fixture hanging from the ceiling to the plush, luxury carpet. Along two walls were several recognizable and expensive works of art: Van Gogh, Matisse and Miro. These couldn't be originals, could they? She wondered if these were stolen or excellent reproductions. If reproductions, they were very close to the original paintings.
Sarah's eye also caught a beautiful piece of furniture alongside the room's single window. If she was correct in her assumption, the Victorian cherry wood dresser dated to pre-Civil War.
All of these things were priceless. The rooms' formal flair gave the impression of a hotel suite belonging at The Palace in New York rather than the comfortable look of a home well lived in. Personally, she'd much rather live in a home with children's taped drawings on their doors and toys littering the floor than a house where you'd leave a telling fingerprint on anything you touched. This wasn't a home-it was a museum.
An unscrupulous man with power and money was a man to be feared. Terror of the unknown made Sarah's stomach tighten until she could barely breathe. Forcing herself to take deep breaths, she tried to work it out in her head. Where did they take her and why wasn't she already dead? Insurance, the hitman had told her. Were they hoping she'd lead them to her daughter?
Her eyes narrowed and her face tightened with determination and courage. Fat chance! She would die first!
Sarah's concern for Billie, Nicole and Sue Ann ate up the minutes. Unless the hitman tore back into the Home, her daughter should be safe. Tanya would keep her safe, if the kids ventured out to let her know what had happened. But the hitman said he'd be returning to look for her daughter. Please, God, don't let him find her.
And Billie...poor Billie. Is she dead or merely unconscious? Sarah dropped her head and whispered a fervent prayer for Nicole, Sue Ann and Billie's safety before she thought of anything else.
Sarah directed her efforts toward escaping. Although momentarily helpless, she resolved in her mind, more than ever, to escape and find a way back to her daughter and Billie.
She bucked her body until she was able to roll to the edge of the bed. Carefully swinging her legs over the side, she sat on the bed's edge. Although it took only a minute to get that far, her body glistened from exertion. Sarah's exhaustion seeped from her pores, but it didn't matter. If she needed to hop all around this room until she cramped every muscle in her body to find a way out, she'd do it. Sarah brightened. Maybe she could find something sharp enough to cut through her bonds.
No sooner did she gain her feet than the door banged open. A man she didn't recognize closed and locked the door then turned and stood in front of it. He didn't move, simply stared, all intimidation. It wasn't his height or width, but the cold, emotionless eyes staring at her.
He stood rocking back and forth on his feet, swinging a dangerous-looking weapon in time as he swayed. A slow, cruel smile matched the cold gleam in his eyes. Those empty eyes scared her like nothing else she'd ever known.
"Going somewhere, sweet thing?"
Sarah shivered and her skin crawled at the way his eyes traveled down her body. She still wore her knee-length nightgown, but she refused to show him any sign of fear or weakness. Her mind focused on David and the strength he'd given her. It gave her strength of her own to face this evil man and his sad existence.
She prayed then, prayed for God's strength to endure whatever evil this man had in mind. There was no way of telling what would happen, but her faith in God remained sound. With confidence in her Lord's power, she prayed for peace and deliverance.
Her lack of fear seemed to anger the man. With long, swift strides he came quickly toward the bed. Sarah braced herself but it was too late. By the time he was a foot away, his hand lashed out and slammed against her cheek with a crushing blow. The solid sound of bone against bone made him smile.
The force of the blow threw Sarah, literally, off her feet and back onto the bed. The bottom edge of her nightgown lay at the tops of her thighs. The beefy man climbed up on the bed and straddled her legs, one hand at her throat, the other pawing her breast.
"Malone told me to make sure you paid but good for the bite on his hand." He told her in raw terms what he planned to do. "I figure I'll do you twice, once for me and once as a favor to him." He issued a fowl curse, though it wasn't in anger. "Maybe three times, just for the fun of it." He threw back his head and laughed, the inhuman sound lacking any sanity at all.
Sarah's eyes widened at his threat, but she kept silent. There would be no screaming, no begging, and no cry for mercy from her lips. She refused to give this evil creature the satisfaction. Her heart may be God's temple, but her body was a physical shell, after all. This man could never take away what belonged to the Lord and to David. He would get nothing of true value from her.
Showing no response to his threats, she turned her head away and focused on a spot on the wall. The man cursed vividly with his fury and growled down at her. Saliva spewed from his mouth when he yelled, "You'll be begging me to end your life before I'm done!"
Sarah vowed she would not utter a word in her defense and prayed once again for the strength to die, if she must. She would die with thoughts of her beloved David and their happy, but brief time together.
Her eyes closed slowly when she felt the man's hands ripping the clothes from her body. The force of his grip jerked her body from side to side. Sarah never saw the fist he raised to strike her once more.
~*~
Louis woke first and immediately checked his watch. Holy cow! I slept for nine hours, 'til four in the afternoon! Even on his days off he never slept so long. He glanced over. David still slept like the dead. He decided not to wake him since they couldn't really do anything but sit around and wait for seven-thirty to arrive.
The TV still broadcast the weather and Louis turned it down before flipping channels. He'd watch TV for another few hours before working his muscles and double-checking his .45 and ammo for the evening ahead. He lucked out as the channel landed on a replay of Sunday's football game. An excellent way to pass a couple of hours. 
David woke toward the end of the fourth quarter. Louis returned his brief nod then watched David head for the bathroom. Is he praying again? A minute later the toilet flushed and David emerged from the bathroom looking confused. Louis smiled when the man looked his way. He couldn't resist the barb, knowing David would understand his teasing. 
"Better get used to draining your radiator, David. It's just another one of the wonderful perks of being human."
Louis didn't expect the smile spreading across David's face. Or the loud laugh seconds later. 
David sat on the bed again and mimicked Louis by crossing his ankles. "I refuse to complain since this has been my desire for so very long."
Louis returned his focus back to the game and hollered at the TV when a player fumbled the ball. David asked about the play and Louis found himself teaching a full grown man the game of football. 
When the game ended, Louis flipped through the directory and found a pizza delivery and ordered a large with cheese sticks and a large two liter drink which came with the meal. With just under an hour and a half, they ate and talked then took turns in the bathroom. 
Louis ran his tongue over his teeth wishing this hotel provided a cheap toothbrush. At least they did provide a travel sized deodorant. 
The last twenty minutes passed too slowly for both men. At seven, thirty-five pm a knock sounded at their hotel door.
Louis drew his weapon and motioned with his head for David to stand off to the right side, behind the door. Understanding, David moved into position, opposite to where Louis stood offside on the left of the door's locks.
Louis kept his firearm ready. Turning his head, he said loudly through the door, "Yeah?"
An incredibly deep voice came through the door strong and clear. "The man is in over his head."
"Which one?" Louis replied with the second line of the code.
"All nine."
Satisfied by the correct responses, Louis opened the door slowly, never leaving his position on the side. Steadying himself for anything, his weapon remained in front of him while he unlocked the door with his left hand. David stayed behind the door to provide an element of surprise, just in case.
A tall, muscle-bound black man came through the door and stopped dead when he saw Louis holding a handgun, the muzzle aimed squarely at his belly.
"Hey, man, it's me. We talked on the phone, right?" He held his arms out at his sides to show he came unarmed.
David closed the hotel room door with a bam and the man jumped in surprise, twisting his body in David's direction. The surprise on the man's face said he didn't expect anyone else to be in the room. Although his height should make him intimidating, the man appeared scared to death. He stood several inches taller than David with a slightly larger build. Even so, the man took a step back when he saw the look on David's face.
"Listen, he ain't carryin', is he?" The contact spoke to Louis and nodded in David's direction, backing up another step.
Louis couldn't help his crooked grin. It appeared David adapted well to the Bad Cop role. "You'd be amazed at the arsenal he has available." He almost laughed when the black man's eyes opened wide in fear. It was true, though. David personally knew an entire host of angels who held more power than the greatest armies on Earth. That would make anyone shake in their boots.
"We talked on the phone about the evidence I got, right," the man directed at Louis, stepping farther into the room. Louis closed ranks and David fell in directly behind the big man. The man kept his arms away from his sides and turned his back to Louis, the lesser threat.
"Right," Louis agreed. "Don't move and keep your arms out."
"No sweat, man. All I'm carryin' is a small 9mm Beretta around my ankle."
Louis kept silent and frisked the man slowly. Sure enough, a small, black Beretta lay concealed in an ankle holster.
"I'll keep this for safe keeping until we're through," Louis said and double-checked the safety before slipping the mini handgun into the waist of his jeans.
His contact nodded, accepting those terms. He lowered his arms and waited for the other two men to make the next move. Louis gave the man his and David's first names only.
"Little Stevie," the man said proudly and raised his chin.
Louis and David exchanged an incredulous look, eyeing the man up and down. Absolutely nothing on him would be considered little. He stood close to six foot, five with bulging arm muscles. His thighs were like tree trunks. The man was in the wrong profession.
"It's a long story," he said and smiled.
"I'm sure. Have a seat."
Little Stevie took a chair from the hotel desk, turned it around and straddled it, keeping his arms harmlessly across the top. It didn't escape Louis' notice when the man tried to come across as completely cooperative. Louis didn't stay alive this long by being so trusting, though.
Louis and David sat on the edge of the bed, facing Little Stevie. Louis placed his weapon easily on his thigh, ready to use it at a moment's notice.
Louis spoke first. "You're one of Moretti's men."
David stood in a heartbeat, his body quivering with anger. Sarah had been taken, maybe even murdered by one of Moretti's men. Enraged, he advanced two long strides.
Little Stevie jumped up from his chair, toppling it over before Louis rushed forward and stepped in front of David, blocking his friend.
Louis eyed David uneasily. He was taking their good cop, bad cop ruse too seriously. Louis noted the way David's body shook and the anger in his eyes. Then again, maybe David was dead serious.
"Easy, David. He's here to help us put Moretti away." Louis looked over his shoulder toward Little Stevie who stood with his back pressed against the far wall. It was a strange sight to see considering he was maybe three inches taller than David and towered well over Louis' height. Louis leveled an uncompromising stare toward Little Stevie. "Aren't you?" Louis finished. It was not a question.
The big man cleared his throat. "Yeah."
Suddenly, Little Stevie's eyes turned hard and his jaw clenched. He leaned away from the wall and took a brave step forward. His hands opened then closed into fists at his sides. Little Stevie looked angry enough to spit nails. Louis turned to face him fully and raised a brow in question.
"Vincent Moretti murdered my woman when she wouldn't sleep with him. She was hired from the Philippines to work in his kitchen. She and I fell in love and she wanted me, only me. I was gonna marry her as soon as we got away from Moretti's house. He sent one of his bodyguards to run her off the road on her way into town to buy groceries. She died when her car went over the railing and burst into flames. I've been lookin' for a way to get even with the bastard for almost a year. I want him to die, but if he goes to prison for life, I can live with it. At least he can't hurt anybody else if he's behind bars. Malaya deserves at least that much from him."
Louis couldn't burst Little Stevie's bubble about the power men like Moretti retained-even while in prison-so he didn't mention it. With a nod of his head, he motioned toward the chair on the floor and they all resumed their seats.
Louis allowed the man a moment to regain his composure before he spoke. "During our phone conversation, you mentioned evidence you found against Moretti."
Little Stevie grinned crookedly. "Yeah, a bunch. What do ya want first?"
"What'cha got?" Louis countered, keeping a close eye on the big man's hands. His gut instincts said Little Stevie was on their side, but it was wise to be on the better side of caution.
"How 'bout a recording of Moretti's armed goons shooting some postal guy? I think it's the father of the kid you're protecting."
"What the..." Louis stood up quickly and advanced a threatening step. Little Stevie leaned back, away from the back of the chair he'd been hugging, but he didn't stand up or retreat. Louis felt David tense up at his side and glanced at him long enough to give him a negative shake of his head. He returned his attention back to Little Stevie. "How'd you know about the kid?" He pitched his voice low, dangerous.
Little Stevie barked an incredulous laugh. "You're kidding, right? I work in his house just like Malaya did. The walls ain't the only ones with ears."
David tapped Louis' arm and he slowly sat back down. The two men exchanged a long look.
David spoke to Louis. "Is this recording enough to send Vincent Moretti to prison?"
Louis shrugged. "Depends on what the footage actually shows."
"I got it all," Little Stevie said and the other two men looked his way. "He didn't know I was in the warehouse watching him, waiting for him to say something or screw up. He did, too. Big time. I've been hanging onto this info on my flash drive for a long time." Little Stevie looked toward David. "I'm sorry about the kid being in there. I didn't know or I would've watched over her."
David took the man's comment at face value and simply nodded.
Louis stated the obvious. "You could've given the info to the cops, you know, and saved us a lot of time and trouble."
"No, I couldn't. He's got cops working for him too. I would be dead, just like Malaya."
The man made a valid point. With a sideways nod, he held out his hand, his other hand firmly grasping the handgun. It paid to be safe.
"Where's the flash drive?"
Little Stevie stood, staying behind the chair. "First, I want guaranteed protection. Moretti has people everywhere working on his payroll, even cops you may know and think you trust. Second, I wanna be there when he goes down. I want the bastard to know I was the reason," he growled.
Louis nodded. "Is that it?"
"That's it. I'll get the flash drive. I ain't about to bring it in here until I knew you could be trusted." He turned and left, closing the door behind him.
Louis stood and shook his head. "It feels weird, someone checking me out to make sure I'm truth-worthy." Louis lifted his chin toward the front door. "David, keep an eye out, will ya?"
David gave a sharp nod and stood off to the side of the window facing out. Quietly, he waited.
Louis wasted no time calling his friend on the force to see what kept him. The fellow officer apologized for the delay and promised to be there in less than fifteen minutes. Louis asked him to bring his laptop to view the footage.
A knock sounded and David carefully opened the door, allowing Little Stevie to come inside. Louis made a second call and waved with his weapon in hand for Little Stevie to come in.
While making his call on the other side of the room, Louis watched the two big men talk. Their conversation ended just as he hung up the phone. Little Stevie approached him in a hurry while David stood by the bed, shaking his head.
"Something I should know?" Louis asked the big man, raising his brow in question.
"Yeah. Your friend here is certifiable. He said Moretti should be punished, but I oughta forgive the piece of filth in order to have peace in my spirit. Is he a cop or a priest?"
Louis laughed and set down his handgun on the night stand then easily slapped Little Stevie on the back. "A little of both. David's philosophy about living is way different than ours." Louis eyed David thoughtfully. "I don't know, though. I think I'm beginning to agree with him."
"Whatever." Little Stevie shrugged warily, keeping his distance from David.
Louis sent David a half-grin as if to say, What did you expect?
Louis turned on the TV to fill the silence while they waited, though no one really watched it. Seventeen minutes later, a knock sounded on the door. Louis checked the peephole before answering.
Louis introduced his friend and fellow officer, Juan Greer. He shook hands with David and Little Stevie and then set up his laptop on the hotel rooms' desk. They waited for the desktop to come up before Little Stevie inserted the flash drive in the side and double-clicked on the .wmv icon for the video footage.
"All right," Louis said. "Let's see it."
The men stood stiffly in a half-circle facing the laptop, preparing themselves for what they would see. All eyes focused on the screen for the next fifteen minutes as a scene unfolded in one of Moretti's warehouses. Louis realized the information of drug contacts, locations and names spoken aloud were enough to nail Moretti and a dozen others, including cops and government officials. This info was as good as gold.
Then the warehouse door opened and a man dressed in a mail-delivery uniform came in. He had an honest face and wore an easy smile. His attention lay focused on his clipboard rather than on the men seated at the rear of the warehouse.
"Whew, it's hot in here," the deliveryman said, a smile firmly on his face. "How you men can work in this hot warehouse, suits and everything, I'll never know."
David felt his heart kick when he saw the man Sarah once married. The nice, kind, Christian man. The man who'd fathered Nicole. David felt sincere grief fill his heart for the Godly mate that had once been Sarah's husband. He didn't deserve to die. Although God's will was perfect in all things, this death had been senseless and wrong.
The deliveryman walked all the way to the back until he was only a few feet away from Moretti and his men.
"These two packages are for a Vincent Moretti. Which one of you is Moretti? I'll need to see some ID, please," he said, his smile still in place.
He didn't see Moretti's slight nod to the three men standing off to the side. He never saw the handguns they pulled out and aimed in his direction.
He looked up, the smile wiped from his face when he saw numerous weapons pointed at him. Without thought, he turned and fled, dropping the parcels and clipboard. The men waited until he'd run about five feet then Moretti gave the order to open fire.
The sound of three weapons discharging made Louis cringe. He'd seen violence nearly every day of his career, but this was the most cold-blooded killing he'd ever witnessed. The delivery man was thrown forward by the force of the bullets slamming into his back. His lifeless body fell to the ground-dead.
Not missing a beat, Moretti said, "Well, let's see what the man brought us?" Cool and calm, as though nothing horrendous just happened, the men around the table laughed. Louis wanted to strangle Moretti with his bare hands! He heard Little Stevie call Moretti a well-deserved name and agreed. David and Juan were quiet, their eyes filled with pain, anger and sorrow.
"That's enough. Turn it off," Louis ordered and Juan clicked the Stop button and closed out the file. Louis' voice emerged raw and hoarse, like he was going to cry. He swore to never let work get to him this way, but he couldn't help it. Somewhere along the way during these past few months he developed a soft heart for Nicole, Sarah and the poor man who'd been gunned down. It sucked, but life was seldom fair or kind.
The men sitting with Moretti in the footage who'd witnessed the carnage were just as guilty as the man who gave the order to fire and the men who'd pulled the trigger. He would make certain every single man involved did hard time or fried. The hotel room became quiet with the aftereffects of the murder they'd just seen. Moretti and his men believed themselves to be accountable for nothing. They would soon be proved very wrong.
"I think we have what we need to nail the bastard," Louis said through clenched teeth, anger radiating from him in waves.
Louis knew a judge would never allow Nicole to see the footage of her father's death. She'd witnessed it already from the opened warehouse door. None of the men saw her running in fear, tears streaming down her cheeks.
Not until she and Sarah went to the police did Moretti discover the child's presence through one of his police contacts. Moretti was brought in for questioning and claimed the "poor man" had been shot while his employees were out of the warehouse. Of course, without any kind of proof, they couldn't prosecute and the man damn well knew it.
Little Stevie turned toward the other men. "I'm not a fool, Louis. I made three more copies of the video, in case you fail with this plan of yours. I have a journalist friend who promised to take his copy to the FBI, if necessary. The other two copies are with friends. Friends I trust with my life."
Louis nodded his approval. "Good. Time is of the essence here. David and I believe Moretti may have this man's widow in his house. We need to move in quick, in less than two hours." He turned to Juan. "Can you have our guys over at his house by ten pm?"
Juan checked his watch. "Under two hours? No problem, amigo. I'll wait for your word." Opening his jacket, Juan withdrew the warrant from an inside pocket and handed it to Louis. "Go in peace."
He turned to leave until David said, "Go with God." Juan turned his head and nodded, smiling slightly, given the circumstances.
Louis jogged forward and caught Juan at the door. "Listen, bring only the guys we know for a fact are clean. No telling Biggs anything. He belongs to Moretti."
Juan sucked in a breath between his teeth. "Captain Biggs? Man, Louis, are you sure?"
"I'd bet my career on it. The guy is as dirty as pig crap. Keep this quiet. The fewer men who know what's going down, the better."
Juan nodded gravely and lightly punched Louis on his shoulder. "Bueno. Adios, Louis."
Little Stevie marched forward and met Louis halfway across the hotel room. "Don't try sendin' me away 'cause I ain't goin'."
Louis' half-grin returned. "Wouldn't hear of it. Come on. We've got a raid to set up."
By nine, forty-five, Louis, David and Little Stevie were in hiding on Moretti's grounds. Little Stevie's van turned out to be the perfect place to hide. The guards at the electric gate recognized him and waved him in promptly.
The house, though single story, spread out over four thousand square feet and sat on approximately three acres of land. It housed nine large bedrooms and five and one-half baths. The gourmet kitchen was large and there were two study rooms at either end of the house. One thing could be said of Moretti-the man appreciated luxury.
Surrounding the house were four acres of open ground, fenced in by ten-foot high iron railing. The best place to hide and observe the activity inside the house would be along the brick wall. The dark night would help to conceal them. The elaborate shrubbery surrounding the house on three sides would give them a dense barrier in which to move around the house. 
The front would be a lot trickier. There were only four shrubs, two lining each side of the front door. The rest of the landscape, flowers and a few large trees shading the circular driveway in front of the house, would not be enough to hide them when they reached the front of the house.
Being cautious, the other men hunched down to follow Louis as they made their way around the house. Louis couldn't be more satisfied that every window's curtains were pulled back. Granted, they would have to be extremely careful, but this opportunity to look inside would not come again.
Little Stevie lowered his deep, booming voice to a near whisper. "We'll have to wait until we know what room Moretti is in. He keeps all of his guards outside the gate, except one. They won't give us no trouble." He turned to look at Louis. "We only need to keep our eyes peeled for the guard in the Hummer circling the house. He comes around about every five minutes or so." With a low snort of contempt, the big man resumed his observation. "Only his hired assassins ever come inside the house. The bastard likes his privacy."
Louis nodded and glanced over at David then back to Little Stevie. Reaching behind his back, Louis pulled out Little Stevie's 9mm Beretta and handed it over. The black man nodded and smiled, taking the mini handgun with familiarity. 
Louis pointed forward. "Ten minutes and I'm going in. By then my back-up will be here."
David reached over and placed his hand on Louis' arm. "Little Stevie can aid you in your good and bad cop plan. I must see if Sarah is in this house. It is possible."
Louis responded quietly to the desperate hope he saw written so plainly on David's face. "Yes, my friend, it is possible." He knew there would be no stopping the ex-angel.
He clasped David's forearm and David grasped the other man's arm in the same fashion, Indian-style.
"But, listen up. If you find her, David, come get me. No heroics! Those heroics will get you killed." Louis glanced briefly over his shoulder at Little Stevie before looking back to David. His voice lowered noticeably. "Remember, you can't do?well, you-know-what anymore," he replied vaguely. The big black man already thought David was a weirdo. No need for him to think David part ghost as well.
"I understand," David replied calmly and squeezed Louis' arm.
"Lay low until my back-up gets here. It won't be long now."
David nodded sharply and, staying low, crept away, hugging the brick wall against his side.
Louis watched his friend leave on silent feet. What a switch! He'd found it difficult at first to see David as an angelic being, and now he had a hard time buying the fact he'd become human. He didn't doubt it anymore, though. David had once been an angel straight from the gates of Heaven. Now, for some reason, his God made him mortal. Did David's disobedience bring about his humanity or did God finally listen to the desperate man's plea to be with Sarah? If God was really merciful, he would know David's desire came from a pure heart.
Either way, it looked like David finally got what he'd wanted all along. Louis shook his head ruefully. David really didn't have a clue yet what he was in for as a mortal man.
A large, strong hand pushed him down farther into the shadows of the surrounding bushes. Louis followed Little Stevie's stare. The heavily armed guard in the Hummer drove in their direction, keeping a watch on the house and massive grounds.
"Thanks, man," Louis said simply, looking over his shoulder. Little Stevie smiled, his teeth white against the darkness of his face.
"That's one you owe me, bacon-man." His big grin took the sting out of his words.
Louis grinned crookedly, accepting the good-natured rib. Little Stevie seemed like a nice guy who had the misfortune of becoming involved with Vincent Moretti. Many men had been misled over the years when coaxed with power and a lot of dollar signs.
Little Stevie was a man who worked with his hands, Moretti's gardens to be exact, and wasn't afraid of hard work. Maybe when this was all over, Louis could help the man find good, honest work.
Or maybe, just maybe...
Louis eyed Little Stevie up then down. The man's size alone could intimidate even the hardest badass. A scowl on his face and any sane man would piss in his pants.
Louis whispered over his shoulder. "Say, when this is over, what are you gonna do? You'll be out of a job, you know.
Little Stevie shrugged.
"Ever considered being a cop? I could put in a good word for you."
Shock could've been peeled off the man by layers, it was so thick.
"Y-You'd do that, for me?"
It was Louis' turn to shrug. "Sure. Unless you give me a reason not to."
Little Stevie gave a masculine snort. "No way, man. I just wanted some money to live on, then I met Malaya and my plans included her. Now, I just want out."
Louis nodded in understanding. "I liked being a cop once, but I'm not so sure I want it anymore."
"You got a girl?"
Louis smiled as he imagined Billie in one of her glorious rages. "Yeah, I got a girl. A real spitfire and cotton ball rolled into one." His voice softened with affection.
"They can really change a man, huh? Sounds like you got yourself a real handful, all right. You're one lucky guy."
Thoughtfully, Louis said, "Yeah, I am."
Louis found himself liking Little Stevie more by the minute. The original idea of cutting a deal with one of Moretti's scum had stuck in his craw like rotten meat. But after meeting Little Stevie, he was glad it had been this man and not another. If Little Stevie could stay away from men like Moretti in the future, he might stand a fighting chance for a better life.
Taking a quick look above the thick hedge protecting him, Louis motioned the other man forward. Keeping low to the ground, they slowly made their way along the house to the front edge. Once they went around the corner, it would be a simple matter to get in. At the hotel Little Stevie said Moretti kept his front door unlocked. Moretti placed tremendous faith in his guards and electric gate, guaranteeing he would never be caught unaware. The criminal's ego staggered Louis' mind. It would be all too easy to gain access to the house.
Louis waited eighteen more seconds and sure enough, the guard in the Hummer cruised by their location. Louis glanced quickly at his watch-they had less than a minute to get inside.
Keeping his eyes glued to the front door, Louis threw his voice over his shoulder. "Stay here 'til it's safe, then I'll-"
"No way, man!" Little Stevie hissed. "You may be the cop, but we made a deal when I gave you the goods on Moretti, remember? Besides, I know the layout and you're gonna need someone to watch your back once we're inside. There won't be any guards, but he still might have other employees roaming around."
Louis' gut said he could trust this man. Every instinct he possessed told him to listen and take advantage of his help.
Both men pulled out their weapons and advanced around the corner, running full speed for the front door. They opened it easily and without a sound. No one was in the foyer. They slipped inside and closed the door quietly behind them, making their way across the foyer to the back of the house.
A large hallway ran off to the right and Louis looked over his shoulder. Little Stevie motioned with his head to go in that direction. Sticking to the right side, they slowly made their way down the hall.
Little Stevie pointed to a room two doors down on the left. "Moretti's office," he said in a barely audible whisper.
Nodding once, Louis crossed the hall quickly, hugging the wall until he reached Moretti's office. The door lay partially open. Little Stevie stayed right behind Louis, waiting for his next move.
The Colt .45 in Louis' hand felt solid and reassuring. He took a deep breath to steady his nerves. This would go down nice and smooth. He owed it to his late partner and to Billie to come out of this in one piece. Keeping his head clear and focused, he took a step forward.
Moving silently through the opening, Louis noticed Little Stevie staying close behind. Moretti sat at his desk in his pajamas and robe, writing something down, completely unaware. By the time Little Stevie shut the door, none too gently, Louis advanced undetected, halfway across the room.
Vincent Moretti's head snapped up at the offending noise. Wide eyes focused on the men then the handgun pointing in his direction. His predicament didn't look too bleak until he moved his hand toward the underside of his desk to call in the guard driving around the house.
"Freeze. Get those hands in plain sight on your desk," Louis growled softly.
Moretti's fear momentarily vanished and hateful anger shot from his eyes. He obediently placed his hands on his desk, one on top of the other.
Louis kept his weapon trained on the murdering man's chest. His finger itched to pull the trigger and end Moretti's miserable life, but thoughts of Billie kept him calm and focused on what needed to be done. This would be the last duty he performed as an officer.
Moretti spoke first. "And you are..?"
Louis kept his composure in the face of Moretti's lifeless, cold expression. He reached left-handed for his ID and flipped it open. Giving his name and rank, he replaced his ID. Next, he withdrew the warrant. Moretti raised his brows, but showed no other emotion. So much for the formalities.
Louis dug deep into his front pocket and withdrew the flash drive. Amazing how something this small could contain such incriminating, damning evidence. He held it by the end and gave it a small wave.
"I've finally got you, Moretti. Evidence of the murder of Peter Denison. Recorded evidence of your operation and who's behind it, as good as an admission of guilt." Louis turned his head to the side and motioned for Little Stevie, though his eyes never left Moretti. "And before it's all over, I'll nail you with the planned murder of Malaya Barlaan."
At Louis' nod, Little Stevie came forward on silent feet until he reached Louis' side. Uncrossing his arms, he raised his 9mm Beretta with confidence.
His eyes locked on Moretti's face, unflinching and determined. His hate and disgust must've shown because Moretti began to panic, his eyes darting back and forth. The crime lord's eyes were as wide as saucers when he realized the severity of what was going down. Revenge really is sweet, Little Stevie thought, a small smile reaching his strong, dark mouth.
A grin of satisfaction lit Louis' face. He spoke the words he'd waited over five months to say. "Vincent Moretti, you have the right to remain silent?"
~*~
David needed only seconds at each window to verify if Sarah was in the room. He felt certain Vincent Moretti's men brought her here for their own security, but this in no way guaranteed her safety. Deep in his belly stirred a feeling of unease. Sarah needed him-David believed it without any doubt. He must find her quickly.
He began checking the last few windows after circling the house when a movement through the window before him caught his attention. A woman stood beside a bed, bound hand and foot.
Sarah...
Thank you, Lord God, he prayed. She's here and she's alive!
A moment later the bedroom door flew open and a large man locked it then stood staring at his wife. He advanced toward Sarah and David's body tensed when he saw the angry man's long strides. The big man struck her hard and Sarah's fragile body flew backwards onto the bed. She didn't cry out, but David did. He blinked when neither person turned toward the window.
When the large man crawled onto the bed, the action propelled David into motion. Throughout the centuries he'd seen this happen to women the world over, but it wouldn't happen tonight! Not with his wife!
Keeping his body hunched and low, he made his way quickly through the bushes and along the side of the house, in plain sight. Being discovered by Moretti no longer mattered-only Sarah mattered. David ran as shouts sounded behind him. The guards beyond the gate were running for the house, right behind him. He heard weapons being fired and realized back up had arrived.
David pushed himself, increasing his speed. Without thought, he thrust mortal fear away. Deep within his mind, his heart, he became the Archangel David, a mighty warrior chosen by God to protect His own.
Only seconds remained.
Inside the great hallway he stopped dead in his tracks. Somehow he anticipated the inside being much smaller. From his standing point he could see five rooms on each side. Sarah was being held on the right hand side, in either the second or third room.
David lit a fire under his feet and ran full out for the second door, flinging it open and turning away when he found the room empty. The second was opened seconds later. Empty. He must've miscalculated. She would be in the next room.
He turned to leave when he spotted a familiar weapon mounted on the left wall inside the third room. Faced with making a hasty decision, David walked over and removed the weapon from the wall, gripping the handle tightly as if welcoming a beloved brother. Satisfied with the weapon's efficiency, he stormed out of the room to the next one down-the one where his beloved Sarah was being violated.
David tried to open the door, but he remembered it was locked. He needed to get in there, now! Stepping back as far as he could go, he ran forward, jumped up and slammed both feet into the door. It gave way with a loud crash. He could hear background sounds of gunfire in the main hallway and shouts of, "Police! Drop it!" Chaos reigned only a few feet away. David had dropped the sword to break in the door. Calmly, he picked it up, certain the man attacking Sarah would run away.
He saw the man straddling his wife turn his red face to look at David over his shoulder and smile confidently. David saw one hand on her breast and the other one raised as though to strike her once again. David knew a moment of pure, physical, human rage. He wanted to kill this man who caused his beloved so much pain. The sin of hate was a hard emotion to subdue at the moment.
The man's eyes lowered to the sword in David's hand. He laughed without fear.
David expertly twisted his wrist in a familiar way and the sword made a complete circle alongside his body. With practiced ease, David raised the battle sword regally over his head with one hand and thrust the other hand out before him. The confident smile left the evil man's face and fear came into his eyes when he realized this man knew exactly how to use the weapon.
David took two steps toward the bed before he stopped with legs spread and both hands grasping the hilt of the gleaming sword above his head. He quoted words rich with history and power in times of battle.
In a deep, commanding voice, resounding through the large room, David said, "I am the Lord God's arm of vengeance! This day He has called you to be defeated in His name!"
The evil man growled, "Shut up, freak!" Jumping from the bed, he drew his handgun in one swift move, swinging it in David's direction.
Sarah heard someone crash through the door but couldn't see around her attacker's body. She instantly recognized David's voice when he spoke, though a haze of pain surrounded her. When she saw the man swing his weapon in David's direction, she screamed, "No!"
With a war cry of imminent victory, David charged as the man jumped in surprise.
The surprise wore off quickly and the handgun discharged.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

...For Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light.
II Corinthians 11:14

Chapter Sixteen

David felt incredible pain, unlike anything he'd ever experienced when the man's weapon exploded with sound. His torso felt on fire as he lunged forward in a rage and slashed the sword across from right to left, cutting the man deeply on both of his upper thighs. The man screamed in pain and dropped his weapon, grabbing his bloodied, wounded legs before falling to the ground. No, this evil man would not die. He would pay through mortal justice.
It was over.
The fires of Hell rocked his abdomen and he clutched his middle with his right hand while dragging the sword with his left, the sharp tip leaving a deep gash in the hardwood flooring. David stumbled the last remaining steps to the bed and fell onto it, only then releasing his death grip on the sword. It emitted a loud clang which vibrated through the room.
"Sarah...beloved. What did the beast do to you?" Loving eyes touched her split lip, her bloodied face and torn clothing. The animal tried to rape her, he thought angrily.
"Forget me! David, you've been shot. Oh God, I have to get you out of here and call an ambulance!" She looked about frantically, searching for help.
Loud voices could be heard everywhere and Sarah begged the Lord to have the ambulance reach them in time. Sarah screamed at the top of her lungs. "In here! Help us, please!"
A moment later the door slammed open. Louis came rushing into the room with his handgun drawn and four armed cops flanking his sides. He looked down at the wounded man, whimpering on the floor and grabbing his bleeding legs. Whatever happened here, Louis knew the man deserved what he got. Louis stepped over the man's twisted body.
"Sarah-thank God David found you!"
Sarah's tears soaked her torn blouse and left visible streaks on her face. "Oh, Louis, help him. Call an ambulance, hurry! David's been shot!"
Louis seemed stunned for a moment then jumped into action. David, incredibly enough, hovered on the verge of death-permanent death.
Quickly borrowing another officer's cell phone, he placed a call for an ambulance. Two uniformed officers came forward and began working on David to stop the bleeding while another officer with a first-aid kit opened up a pocket knife and cut Sarah free.
The same officer got her attention. "If you'll come over here, ma'am, I'll treat your cut lip and bruised eye."
"No! I'm not leaving my husband!" Sarah clutched David's arm with a vice grip. Lowering her face close to his, she kissed his sweating brow.
Wait a minute. Sweat? Shot? His body is reacting as if he is...human. What on earth happened to him?
Still leaning close to his ear, she whispered urgently, "David, I don't understand. How can this happen-to you?"
Becoming weaker by the second, David turned his head and eyed with care the officer placing pressure on his wound with a rolled up shirt. He turned back to Sarah. "I finally received my long-awaited wish, beloved. I have a soul."
A myriad of confused thoughts raced through Sarah's mind. A soul? David has always longed to be a mortal man with a human...
Oh, sweet heaven! David was mortal, human at last! Why else would he be bleeding to death in her arms?
No, this couldn't happen after everything they'd been through together. Not when she and David were joined in marriage. Not when they felt confident a real future awaited them and they could share their lives together. David couldn't die. God wouldn't allow it to happen after all of this!
"Please, Lord. Please don't take my beloved away!" she cried, pleaded, tears of anguish washing her face in sorrow.
"Sarah..." David coaxed her closer, his voice growing soft and breathless.
"I'm here," Sarah uttered, unable to control the crack in her voice. "I'll always, always be here for you, David."
Trembling fingers rose to touch Sarah's bloodied cheek in a gentle caress-fingers that once possessed supernatural strength. David didn't regret Sarah seeing his vulnerability. She was the mate of his heart, after all. And this would be good-bye.
"Not our will but His. Remember this always, Sarah, after I'm gone. Remember..."
David's eyelids fluttered and fell closed, his voice fading away. His face and body fell lax, his hand dropping lifelessly to the bed.
Sarah screamed a denial in a voice of supreme anguish. She vaguely heard Louis yelling for the medics. Sarah fell across his chest but the medics forcibly removed her from the bed as a technician yelled, "He's flat-lined! I'm charging the pads!"
Sarah cried until she felt her heart would burst, forcing herself to watch the medics work on her beloved David. I've lost him. And David's lost his only chance at life.
~*~
A loud noise startled Nicole awake. She must've fallen asleep. What time is it? If only she could look out a window to the outside. What could be keeping Sue Ann and Billie?
Nicole waited so long she'd fallen asleep. She couldn't wait any more in the dark room. Her only light was a fading flashlight. Sue Ann didn't come back with Billie or her mother yet and Nicole became scared of what might be happening outside the closet door. Something was really wrong; she just knew it.
The light from her flashlight grew dimmer by the moment and two others Billie brought hours ago no longer worked at all. Sue Ann took the last one with her. Nicole promised herself she'd only take a little peek out the closet door and if she didn't see anybody, she'd sneak around. Hearing her mother's voice in her head to be careful, she pointed the light to the floor.
Although the room was small, she made a quick search for something she could use to protect herself in case the bad man was inside the Home. She followed the floor to one wall with her flashlight then stopped.
What's on the back wall? It looked funny, like it had been cut up into pieces. Curious, she walked over and touched a piece. Nothing happened. Trailing her fingers down the wall, she touched a square at the very bottom and withdrew her hand quickly when the pieces gave way then popped back into place. Returning to the spot she pushed harder, holding down the square until it opened up all the way, just like the piece at the back of the closet.
Nicole didn't hesitate. She ducked down and crawled through the opening, not bothering to close the opened panel. Her flashlight revealed a very long tunnel, though the weak light only reached fifteen feet or so in front of her. Still, it appeared endless.
Her softly spoken, "Hello?" echoed ominously down the long tunnel.
She made her way forward gingerly, keeping her hand steady as she aimed the flashlight down toward the ground only a few feet in front of where she walked. Nicole didn't know how long she walked, but it felt like forever. Finally the beam of light came to rest at the bottom of a stairway. One by one, she aimed the flashlight at each stair in turn, counting fifteen stairs in all. Not far.
Reaching out with her free hand to touch the wall beside her, she climbed the stairs almost to the top. Her flashlight showed there were still four steps left to climb until they disappeared into the ceiling. But she couldn't climb them because they went all the way up to a big, round, metal door blocking the way. It didn't look like a regular door and she remembered seeing it before on a street. Her Dad had called it a manhole. The manhole above her head was close enough to touch.
Forced to squat down, Nicole went up to the third stair from the top. She raised a hand and pushed up hard against the cold metal. She pushed and pushed, but her arms weren't strong enough. It was too heavy.
Setting the flashlight down by her feet, she used her upper back to push against the manhole lid until the metal disk moved slightly up and over a few inches. Putting her fingers inside the small gap, she pushed with all of her might. It moved only enough for her to poke her head and one shoulder out. She pushed hard using the flat of her palms, her back coming up hard against the curve of the hole. She closed her eyes, her face a mask of strain as she struggled to move the heavy metal.
In her struggles, her foot struck the flashlight, sending it barreling down the stairs with a loud, thud, clink, and clunk. She gasped at the loud sound, afraid of being discovered. Nicole held her breath a moment, waiting. When nothing happened, she drew her brows down in an angry frown. She didn't care anymore. She just wanted out!
The heavy metal lid moved far enough so she could wiggle out, taking the final stairs up until she was completely out of the tunnel. Now what?
Already adjusted to the darkness in the tunnel, looking around in the darkness outside wasn't hard. I am outside! The tunnel didn't lead to another room in the Home after all.
Wait a second! Billie and Mother should be out here somewhere. They'd been trying to get away from the bad man too. They were probably in the forest. That's where she'd go to look for them. If she didn't find them soon, she'd look closer to the Home. Maybe her mother didn't go too far knowing she and Sue Ann were still inside, even though they were hiding.
Sue Ann! Was she safe? Did she find Billie? This bad guy wouldn't hurt her friend, would he?
Nicole clasped her small hands together and prayed a heartfelt prayer for God to keep her new friend safe. She immediately added her mother and Billie to her prayer.
Without wasting another second, she ran hard and fast towards the dark recesses of the forest.
~*~
Malone blinked in astonishment from his position across the street from the Home of Dreams. Cold eyes narrowed to clear his tired vision. He checked his watch quickly and noted the time-four-thirty Tuesday morning. He'd been watching the place across the street for hours on end, hoping to catch a break. 
Rubbing his eyes to see more clearly, he swore he saw a small child leap up from under the ground. Daylight would be here soon. His options were few if he wanted to act while still at night. Preparing to break into the building once again, he knew the few locks the woman installed earlier the previous day would deter only the most basic amateur.
Curious how the child could emerge from the ground, he left his car, looking both ways to make sure no one paid him any attention. The kid simply materialized and he would find out why. In most instances, being nosy came in handy, eventually.
He could see the kid running into the forest, already a good several hundred feet away. Malone jogged casually, drawing closer to the spot where she first appeared. He found a partially covered hole in the ground, the metal covering it similar to a manhole lid. Glancing toward the building less than a hundred feet away, he smiled. If the hole beneath the lid showed a solid concrete barrier to the earth around it, he'd know for sure.
Squatting down on his haunches, he looked into the half-covered hole and saw a faint light pointing at the base of a staircase leading up, to the outside. An underground passage. The wait is over. Luck was on his side this early morning, because little Nicole Denison came to him.
Malone looked up and stood slowly, a satisfied grin on his face. The child continued to run toward the forest. Perfect. He followed discretely on quick, agile feet. No point in giving himself away until they were far enough into the forest to prevent detection.
Gaining steadily on the small child, he entered the forest and kept the child in sight. It occurred to him the girl had never seen his face. He smiled in satisfaction. This can work to my advantage if I handle it right. He would soon discover if Nicole ever learned the important lesson about not talking to strangers. No matter. Either way, she'd be dead and on her way to singing in Saint Peter's choir within the hour.
~*~
Nicole panted for breath as she paused a moment to rest. Should she call out for her mother and Billie? Would it be safe? Were they even out here at all? She hoped the darkness didn't keep them from finding her. In quiet tones she called tentatively, her voice growing stronger and louder when the minutes dragged by and no one answered. She was about to give up and return to the Home.
A crisp noise, like a twig breaking in two, made her head snap up. Hope filled her little heart as she turned quickly, elation on her face as she prepared to run into the arms of her mother.
Nicole took one step and came to a complete halt. The tall figure of a man stood before her. She took a hesitant step back, and then another, afraid the man might walk toward her.
He didn't.
"Excuse me, child. Are you lost?" The man had a nice voice and a nice face. Nicole cocked her head, trying to decide what she should do.
The man didn't move. His face looked concerned, like her mother's did when she thought Nicole might have a fever. The man didn't look scary. He was really tall, almost as tall as David and Nicole looked up high to see his face. She stopped her retreat, but didn't move otherwise.
"Who are you?" she asked, her voice showing fear.
"Oh, I'm Charles. What's your name?" The tall man smiled.
"N-Nicole."
"It's nice to meet you, Nicole. Say," he said thoughtfully, his fingers tapping his chin. "You wouldn't be the little girl those two ladies were looking for, would you?"
Nicole's face lit with joy. "Where are they?" Without thinking, she ran toward him.
Malone peered casually over her shoulder. "Over there. Up ahead there's a stream. They were worried you were lost and fell in. That's where they were searching a few minutes ago."
"Oh, please, sir! Are they still there now? Could you show me?"
"Of course, Nicole. Those ladies were really worried." A vicious part of him couldn't help adding, "You know, you should stay where grown-ups leave you. The world's a bad place and you never know when an evil person will come and take you away."
Malone gave her a stern look and shook his head sadly. Contrite at his scolding, Nicole lowered her head.
"Yeah, I know. I just couldn't wait any longer. I wanted to see if my mother and Billie were okay." The nice man nodded his understanding. 
"Well, thank the angels you're safe now."
Malone must've said the right thing because her face burst with happiness and lit up like a Christmas tree. She hopped up and down as if on a pogo stick.
"Angels! Are you an angel, Charles?"
Malone raised a dangerous brow at the insult, his smile gone. For a brief moment he allowed the evil within to show itself on his face, curious how she would react. His voice deepened noticeably. "Do I look like an angel, Nicole?" The kid didn't even blink an eye, her voice full of animation.
"Oh, you never can tell," she whispered in confidence. "Almost anybody could be an angel."
His face relaxed in bewilderment. The kid was a nut. Shaking his head once, he offered his hand. Surprise lit his features when she took it so easily, without the slightest hesitation. His voice sounded rough with his confusion. "Let's go find your mother."
As he walked her deeper into the forest to the small stream where he'd leave her body, Malone marveled at the imagination of a child and how easily they could be led. He still found it hard to believe he'd ever been one. Then again, he never really had a chance.
Charles Malone shook off the ghosts of his past, his face splitting in a wicked grin as he remembered a fairytale from his pre-school years and envisioned himself as a different kind of Piped Piper.
~*~
Small hands grabbed at Billie from behind. She whirled around and looked down in surprise, horror dawning on her face.
"Sue Ann? Why aren't you in the hidden room? I thought you two were asleep."
Billie looked beyond the young girl, searching for Nicole. "Where's Nicole? Is she with you?"
Sue Ann knew the time had come to speak. Nicole needed her help. It was time to put aside her own selfish fears and be there for Nicole.
"S-She's...safe. Scared."
Billie blinked away the sudden tears swimming in her eyes. "Oh, baby, you spoke." She pulled the child to her bosom and hugged her hard, crying softly. After a minute, Billie pulled the child away to see her face.
"I'm so sorry I didn't come sooner. I've been trying to lock this place up like Fort Knox. I haven't even slept yet, just walking from door to door, checking to make sure they're both still locked."
"Come back. Hurry." No more needed to be said. It was cold and dark down there and Nicole would be terrified if left alone for long.
They ran to the closet and pushed open the panel. Billie called down and began to sweat when no one answered.
"Let me g-go in," Sue Ann offered, moving her smaller frame through the tiny square in the closet wall. Not fifteen seconds later Billie's blood turned to ice when Sue Ann yelled her name.
Billie forced her body through the square and descended the stairs quickly. Sue Ann knelt by the back wall and motioned to the opening. In a frightened voice she said, "She's gone."
Blinding fear coursed through Billie. She knew about the hidden basement but never thought there could be a second way out or in. If Nicole followed this passageway to the other end and it exited to the outside, she would be placing herself directly into the killer's hands.
Taking both of Sue Ann's shoulders in her grasp, Billie looked her in the eye. "Go back and wake Tanya. Tell her to watch the closet door like a hawk. If she doesn't hear my voice or Nicole's, she's to use our gun. She knows where it is. No one, and I mean no one, is to follow me into this tunnel. Got it?"
"Yes ma'am." Sue Ann's small hand on Billie's arm kept her from turning away. "Be careful."
"I will, honey. Now, go on."
Once Sue Ann disappeared through the closet and she heard the secret panel close, Billie turned and started down the stairs. The tunnel was pitch black and Billie wished she'd had the foresight to bring a candle or something. So, this is how it felt to be blind. It terrified her.
With one hand on the wall and the other stretched out, she advanced down the tunnel as quickly as possible, just shy of a run. There could be no time for caution. If the hitman was still in the area, and instinctively she knew he was, he could've found Nicole by now. He wouldn't hesitate to kill her. She was absolutely sure of it.
Up ahead she could see a faint light on the floor. One of the flashlights she gave the girls earlier in the day. Her eyes followed the barely illuminated stairs up to the partially opened hole. Rivers of sweat soaked through her clothing in the baking heat of the tunnel, her fear not withstanding. She could see the night sky from the base of the stairs.
Climbing them quickly, she pushed the manhole cover open enough until her body could slip through the opening. She glanced around. Nicole is outside!
No longer caring if she'd be seen by the killer, Billie climbed all the way out and onto the grass. She stood about fifty feet from the play area, behind the Home.
Where to now? Where would Nicole go from here, back to the Home? No. She could've done that through the tunnel. She was afraid and searching for her mother.
Think like a kid, think like a kid, she repeated like a mantra. Where would a child search for her mother if she thought her mother was trying to escape outside? Billie's eyes raked the landscape desperately, stopping when they landed on the wood's thick trees about a quarter of a mile away.
God, no! If she went in there... If he'd seen and followed her...
Taking off at a dead run, Billie's powerful legs pumped with speed, extending into a long stride that would've made an Olympian proud. Faster! I have to go faster! Nicole could be anywhere, but Billie's gut instincts said the little girl would search the forest first if she thought her mother was hiding.
Billie's long legs ate up the distance quickly, her stride slowing only after she reached the tree line. Calling out to Nicole would be too dangerous if the hitman was close by. Once the little girl answered her call, the sound would lead him directly to the child. She wouldn't take the chance.
She did something crazy then, something she'd never done in her entire life because she didn't believe it would make a difference. Until now.
"God, please. I'm not sure if you can hear me or if you care about someone like me who doesn't have a clue who you really are... Please, for Nicole's sake, keep her safe. Help me find her."
A moment of quiet descended and Billie held her breath as she waited. Even the insect noises were silenced. She was unsure what to expect when one prayed to God.
A flash of bright light, powerful and pure, struck her full in the face. Billie cried out and covered her face, instantly blinded. She bent at the waist and her knees felt weak and unable to support her weight. She felt about ready to pass out from the overpowering sensation.
The light behind her eyes softened to a bearable glow and Billie rubbed her eyes as the blindness she first experienced began to fade.
Daring a peek, Billie opened first one eye and then the other, her eyes blinking repeatedly until she could see clearly. She looked up a good twenty feet to the source of the ethereal light. Her eyes widened in awe and her chin dropped in surprise.
What must be none other than an angel floated high above the ground. His long black hair and white glowing robe whipped gently as if a turbulent breeze blew around him. His face was like granite, serious and firm as he raised an arm and pointed to her left.
A split second later he was gone, enchanting light and all. The darkness of early morning suddenly became too frightening as the creatures of the earth began their songs once again. Yet, a calm peace entered her heart and Billie discovered she was no longer afraid. She was no longer alone.
Left. The angel pointed to her left. Billie kept an eye focused on her surroundings as she ran. The stream lay up ahead. If Nicole came this way, she would've heard the running water too, the lulling sound probably drawing her to it like a magnet. The angel wouldn't be wrong about Nicole's whereabouts. Nicole was over here somewhere and she'd find the innocent girl if it was the last thing she ever did!
~*~
Malone heard the rush of the stream up ahead long before he saw the water through the trees. They were very close. It would be a matter of minutes now.
As they walked, his ears perked up at the sound of a chopper. Not taking any chances, he quickened his pace.
The second they cleared the trees and the stream came into view, Nicole dropped his hand and ran to the water's edge. The scenario couldn't be more perfect. In a loud but frightened voice, the child called out for her mother. It would do no good. Her mother was miles away and in Moretti's hands.
"Mother! Billie! I'm at the stream now! Where are you?"
The child moved restlessly from side to side, looking left then right, twisting in a full circle when she saw no sign of the women. She searched for someone who wouldn't be coming.
Moving a few inches into the water, the little girl's tennis shoes disappeared under the quickly moving water. This was his chance. She would be preoccupied with her search for a few more seconds. He really should be merciful for once and shoot her in the back of the head, while she still faced away. The pain would be brief if she felt anything at all. It would be over before she could react to the sound.
He couldn't believe he wanted to spare her the terror and pain of death. The small consideration surprised him. Yet, this child was unlike the numerous adults he'd killed over the years. She was innocent, trusting...foolish. Regardless, he would be merciful. After all, she'd called him an angel. It was a description he'd never heard thrown his way before and never would again.
Lifting his shirt, Malone removed his Mark III, 9mm High Power from inside his front waistband and dug into his pocket for the silencer. No point taking any chances if others were within hearing range. Once he screwed it into place, he raised the weapon and leveled it at the back of the child's head. He stood no more than eight feet away and knew he could make it a clean, painless hit at this range.
The child still faced away from him and made a small whimpering sound. Charles Malone, paid hitman and mercenary, hesitated?
~*~
Billie saw her, saw Nicole at the stream's edge, her feet in the water. A tall man raised a gun in Nicole's direction and she didn't think-she reacted.
Swiftly and without thought for her own safety, Billie screamed, "Jump in, Nicole!" She charged the man at a full run.
He didn't act surprised by her screams or advance. He merely turned on his heel and aimed the gun in her direction, firing at the moving target. He released two rounds.
Maybe Billie had seen one too many cop shows, she thought seconds later. The instant the assassin turned his weapon on her, she dove into a tuck and roll and landed in a squatting position behind a thick tree trunk. A loud splash reached her ears and she sighed with relief. Nicole should be safe in the water, at least for the time being.
Malone began walking toward the tree where Billie hid when a deep commanding voice stopped him cold.
"Drop it, Malone! We know who you are and who you work for," Louis said easily, keeping his .45 leveled on the assassin with a double-handed grip. "Moretti's in custody with evidence against him for Peter Denison's murder. He's singing like a canary to try and save his own hide. Your name is only one of many he's spouting off."
Malone slowly lowered his arm but didn't release his weapon. With an easy movement, he turned to face Louis, the man he'd shot a few days ago. So, where were the bandages, the arm sling he should be wearing? Where were his injuries?
He narrowed his eyes on the cop's shoulder and then shrugged a moment later. "I see. Well, I guess I can't rely on Mr. Moretti to bail me out then, can I?"
Louis' grin couldn't be classified as friendly. "Guess so. Again, drop it, Malone."
"I'm afraid you don't understand, officer. If I can't rely on Moretti's help, then I have only myself to free me. And I will be free," he threatened menacingly, though he remained motionless.
Louis snarled, tightening his grip around the cold metal. His muscles were taut with preparation. His cop's instincts said Malone wouldn't come quietly. "Don't do anything stupid, Malone. You'll be dead before-"
He never finished.
With lightning speed, Malone raised his weapon and fell to the ground, rolling as he discharged several rounds. Louis threw his body off to the side behind the safety of a large tree stump. Staying low to the ground, he returned fire while Malone scrambled for cover.
After firing several shots back and forth, no one took note of the small child crawling from the stream, her clothes clinging and weighing down her limbs.
Nicole felt really scared. She did what Billie said, she jumped in. Water flowed against her body, though not as strong as the first stream she, David and her mother were in when they escaped from the cabin. Hearing the shots, she became terrified for Billie and Louis.
She crouched down on all fours until she spotted Billie almost ten feet away, hiding behind a tree. Adrenalin pumping through her veins, Nicole ran toward Billie with a burst of speed, leaving herself open and vulnerable and easily in the line of fire.
Malone saw the movement out of the corner of his eye and turned in the child's direction. He stood up from his crouched position and raised his weapon to fire, his anger focused on the child. This is all her fault!
"No!" Billie cried and ran forward, throwing her arms protectively around the child as they went down hard against the ground.
Louis deserted his spot behind the tree when Billie cried out in fright. He rounded the corner in time to see Malone lifting his arm to fire at Nicole, held securely in Billie's embrace on the ground. One of the two girls would die.
Before he could fire, Malone flew into the air and slammed backward into the hard trunk of a tree by an unseen force, a good twenty feet away. The impact knocked him out cold and he fell harmlessly to the ground, the extended 9mm landing several feet away from his prone body.
Louis stared wide-eyed at the unbelievable sight. He knew what he'd witnessed seconds ago was the act of an angel. He'd already seen one up close. But this couldn't have been David. David was no longer immortal.
He shook his head. Louis didn't completely understand how or, more to the point, who intervened on Nicole and Billie's behalf, but it didn't matter. He was grateful God saw fit to send them an angel to lend a hand.
When he heard Billie's soft gasp, he put the questions out of his mind. Only Billie and little Nicole mattered.
Flying into action, Louis rushed over and fell to his knees, taking both girls into his strong arms and hugging them hard. He squeezed his eyes shut tight, heedless of the tears escaping his eyes. "I'm so sorry, baby. I pushed the pilot in the chopper to get over here as fast as he could." They all stayed huddled together until a nearby groan forced Louis away from their loving embraces.
The barrel of Malone's handgun still felt warm from the recent discharge. Stuffing the weapon into his pocket, Louis pulled out a plastic tie and handcuffed the man's arms behind his back. It would suffice until they got where they were going.
Nicole no longer shook from head to toe. Pulling slightly away from Billie's arm hugging her close, the little girl peered over Billie's shoulder. She frowned at the man who tried to kill her. Her innocent mind simply couldn't comprehend how he could do such a thing. She knew it was because she'd seen her daddy being shot. Even then, Nicole felt she must try and understand why this man would want her to die.
Wiggling out of Billie's arms, Nicole started to walk over to where Charles Malone sat on the moist ground, handcuffed and defenseless. Louis looked up sharply and Billie reached out a hand to stop her.
"No, honey, don't go near him. He's dangerous."
Nicole took the information in slowly, but it didn't fully register. "I guess so. But I'm safe now. I have you, Louis and my angel," she replied easily, with a youthful smile.
Billie stood motionless, momentarily stunned to have what she'd witnessed voiced so simply. She did see an angel, and saw the evidence of another one when the hitman went flying against the tree trunk. But it was still beyond her wildest imagination.
Louis tensed as Nicole came closer; her steps were slow but steady. What did she want from Malone? Was she going to yell at him, strike out or attack the measly excuse for a human being? A small, cold smile cracked the thin line of his lips. He would enjoy watching the gutter slime get some of his own back. God knows he deserved a lot worse. He kept a tight grip on his .45 in case Malone tried something stupid.
Nicole squatted down to Charles' level, not a foot away from the captured criminal. Reaching out a hand, she touched his cheek ever so softly and shook her head.
"It's so sad. Don't you know bad men who don't love Jesus will go to Hell?"
Malone blinked, his eyes wide in shock. He'd expected her to hit him, hard. He'd stiffened his body against the attack and locked his jaw, wondering how hard the kid could hit. Instead, she surprised him once again with a gentle touch and kindness. Maybe it was because she was only a child, but other children would've hit him hard or run away in fear. Nicole Denison wasn't afraid of him and that was very strange. She was strange.
Malone smiled wryly at the kid he'd been paid to kill. "Hell, huh? Well, looks like I'm destined to fry then, kid."
Nicole shook her head once more and dropped her hand casually to her thigh. "Gosh, I hope not. I'll talk to Jesus about it and I promise to pray for you every night."
Charles Malone lost his humor. His eyes widened as if she'd placed a curse on his head. He was completely speechless for the first time since he'd watched his dad put a knife into his mother's back for burning supper one too many times. He couldn't believe it when he felt the prick of tears in his eyes. This crazy kid talked like she actually cared about him! Why?
It's amazing, Louis thought. Malone, a paid mercenary, looked like he would cry any second now. David's words rang back to him while they were in the jeep. Man, how could he ever become good enough to hang with God? He didn't think he possessed the ability to forgive someone like Nicole did just now. It seemed too incredible to comprehend. It was impossible!
It felt-good. The very idea was beyond human rational. It wasn't impossible for people like David, Sarah and Nicole-Christians. What was their secret, the special ingredient making them so forgiving and kind?
Forty-five minutes later, two police cruisers pulled in front of the Home as the first streaks of dawn lit the sky. Juan emerged from one while a local cop sat behind the wheel of the other. Hauling up the handcuffed criminal, Louis held his arm while Juan placed metal handcuffs around his wrists and removed the temporary plastic ones. Once done, Louis took him to the cruiser Juan vacated and put him in the back seat. Louis was on edge, waiting for the prick to make a move and try to escape, but Malone remained curiously quiet since the child left his side. His manner was subdued, as if he'd received the shock of his life and wasn't sure how to handle it.
Juan walked over and shook his hand, then got into the other cruiser and they drove off. The local officer would take Juan to the chopper for the return trip back home while Louis drove Malone to the jail in their jurisdiction. 
The second Louis shut the cruiser door he'd soon be driving, Billie cornered him.
"Okay, so what happened? At the house, I mean."
Louis' cock-eyed grin gave her the answer.
"Moretti was caught on tape with several others in the act of shooting Peter Denison. Faced with our evidence, he knew he was screwed. Once we transported him to the precinct, he rang a deal which included a full confession and a very long list of his, so-called, employees. Even cops. Biggs is at the top of that list. It's gonna take a while to bring in all the people on his list for questioning, but I've been personally asked by the Chief of Police to head it up. I called him from the hotel before we went over to Moretti's."
"And David, where is he?"
Louis looked down at Nicole whose wide innocent eyes were also waiting for an answer. He gave her the best smile he could offer at the moment.
"Go inside and get your things, then say your good-byes, Nicole. I'll wait here with Billie."
"Are we going to see my mother and my new daddy?"
"Yes, honey, we are. Get going," he prompted, giving her tush a gentle swat. She hurried off, skipping and smiling.
Billie turned and captured Louis' eye. "Okay, now you can tell me. What happened to David? You didn't send Nicole away without a reason. Something went wrong, didn't it?"
Louis breathed deeply several times before speaking. "David's been shot. His heart stopped for a few minutes, but they resuscitated him. He and Sarah are at the hospital as we speak. I left about an hour into his surgery."
"And Sarah?" Billie's face was drawn tight with her anxiety.
"She's fine except for a few cuts and bruises. I assume Malone clobbered you and kidnapped Sarah."
Billie nodded. "Which leaves us with David. How could he be shot or even injured for that matter? I have no idea if you know about any of this, but I overheard Sarah telling Nicole about David being an angel. When I asked her about it she told me it was all true. I wasn't sure I really, truly bought it until a little while ago." Billie leaned forward and touched Louis' arm, drawing his full attention. "Louis, I saw one. An honest to goodness angel! He pointed to where Nicole and Malone were by the stream."
"Yeah, it's true...was true. For some reason only David can explain, he became human. Very human as it turns out, and in serious danger of losing the life he just gained."
Billie made a snap decision. "I'm going with you," she stated firmly.
"What? What about the Home?" he said, motioning to the building with his head.
"Tanya can run the place without me for a few days. She's always wanted to be in charge. She knows the business and what's expected like the back of her hand. The Home will be in good hands."
Nicole came out of the front door running, followed by Tanya who walked behind her at a much slower pace.
"I'm ready, I'm ready!" She clutched a small bag Billie recognized as Tanya's. It probably held a change of clothes from the spare box they always kept at the Home and maybe a few of her homemade snacks. She knew Tanya well.
Billie hugged the woman who had always been like a sister to her and dried the tears from her friend's dark cheeks. "Stop all this blubbering before you get me going too!" she ordered, but smiled anyway. "It'll only be for a few days."
"Sure." Tanya didn't sound convinced. She'd always been able to predict what lay ahead in her life and she knew all of their lives were about to change drastically.
Sue Ann left the building and stood at Tanya's side. She waved to Nicole who returned the gesture enthusiastically. In a matter of a few days, the two girls became closer than mere friends. They'd become sisters.
Louis ushered them into the front of the police car and drove away slowly, taking a moment to wave. A minute later Nicole shocked them all once again when she requested to sit in the back seat with Charles Malone. Louis shook his head. What could he say? The kid seemed determined to find trouble at every opportunity.
"Sorry, honey." Louis spoke without taking his eyes from the road. "It's against regulations." Every blessed one in the book, he added for good measure.
And Malone... Louis glanced briefly in the rearview mirror. He could tell the tall man heard Nicole's request through the meshed metal barrier. Even he looked stunned.
Billie's head whirled to face Nicole, shock and amazed confusion clear on her face. She would give ten thousand dollars right now to know what Nicole was thinking.
Ironically enough, the three adults in the car were essentially asking themselves the same questions? Is it simply naivety, the innocence of youth, which makes her so passive, so accepting of Malone? More to the point, what quality inside the child makes her able to forgive so easily?

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Even the archangel Michael, while disputing with the devil, did not 
dare to bring a slanderous accusation against him, 
but said, "The Lord rebuke you!" 
Jude 1:9

Chapter Seventeen

Charles Malone sat rigidly in the back seat of the police cruiser and stared out the window. All of his future plans, the fortune of cash he'd saved over the years, were now in ruin. He wouldn't see the outside of a prison for a great many years, if ever. He harbored no delusions on that count.
Although, maybe he'd have an opportunity to escape before this cop could put him away. Nicole's little head turned and a set of innocent eyes looked at him over the top of the front seat. She lifted her chin and smiled and he returned the gesture immediately. A plan began to form.
~*~
Louis glanced down at his watch as he drove-nine, fifty-five am, Tuesday. Another two hours and this assignment would be over. Malone would be behind bars and he could breathe a whole lot easier. His instincts told him not to relax his guard; something would go wrong if he did. He decided to heed the warning. His gut had saved his butt on more than one occasion.
Nicole slept for most of the trip until nearly ten am. She spotted a McDonald's sign up ahead and pleaded for the bathroom then ice cream, in that order. Her little squirming body gave credence to her need for the bathroom. Louis didn't know much about kids, but she didn't look like she'd be able to hold out much longer. He took the next exit.
The packed restaurant held a few parents and about a million kids waiting for their breakfast orders, which made him nervous. Putting a criminal in such close proximity to such innocent children would not be a good idea. But Nicole bounced up and down in her seat and he heard her telling Billie to, "Hurry!" Billie caught his eye and she nodded.
Louis parked in the back, close to the dumpster with the passenger side against a long row of trimmed bushes. Billie and Nicole scooted out of the seat from the driver's side and left hand in hand.
Louis and Malone were alone and the car became too quiet.
Charles cleared his throat and Louis tensed at the sudden sound. Slowly, his eyes traveled to the rearview mirror and locked with the criminal's. The man wore a bewildered expression, not the sneer he expected.
"She's an unusual child," Charles said seriously. He kept the cop's eye until Louis broke the contact.
Turning in his seat with an arm across the top, Louis met the man's eyes levelly. He stared hard and wasn't surprised to see Malone's eyes narrow in suspicion.
After a long moment Louis said, "She is a special kid...and you tried to take her away from all of us. Especially her mother."
Charles looked uncomfortable for a second then shrugged. "It's my job. I do what I'm paid to do. It isn't personal."
"I'm sure," Louis sneered and Charles shrugged again. "You're a grown man, Malone, and you make your own decisions. There are better ways to make a buck."
"Like being a cop?" Charles jeered, curling his lip in distaste. "You risk your life for people you don't know, coming up against guys like me who could kill you without a second thought. Hell, my line of work makes more sense!"
"It makes absolutely no sense. Murder is never an option for anything. There is always a better way to handle the situation."
Why am I even having this conversation? The man is slime, oozing poison with every word he utters. Suddenly he felt way too confined in the cruiser.
With a forceful motion Louis left the car, keeping his door open. He took in great gulps of the moist, early morning air to calm his nerves and help keep his wits.
"Hey, cop!"
Louis barely leaned his head inside. "What?"
"I have to go inside for a minute. The kid isn't the only one who has to take a leak."
Louis took only a second to debate the wisdom of letting Malone out of the car. "Forget it, Malone. Hold it." Hell, the last thing I need is this scum surrounded by about a million kids. "I'll take you somewhere else down the road when they get back."
"Fine," Charles snapped angrily. "But when I whiz right here you remember, it's your car and your mess."
Louis eyeballed the man and sure enough, Malone shifted in his seat while trying not to appear as if he shifted in his seat. He cursed low and Malone looked up.
Louis stuck his head farther into the car, his face an inch from the metal bars separating them. He growled over the seat top, "You move out of line and I'll break both of your legs. Then I'll shoot you, got it?"
"Whatever you say, cop," Charles sneered.
Louis scowled in response and left the car, missing the criminal's mischievous grin.
Giving the area a quick scan for civilians, Louis knew it was now or never. The pathway to the secondary door-closest to the bathroom-was clear. He wouldn't take any chances where Malone was concerned.
Opening the rear door, he stepped back and let Malone scoot to the edge and get out on his own. When both feet touched the ground, Louis wrapped his hand discreetly around the handgun's grip above the waist of his pants, waiting for a wrong move.
Louis took a few seconds to lock the cruiser before taking his prisoner by the upper arm and escorting him through the door and hurriedly toward the men's room. He should've thought ahead and requested Juan bring him another belt holster. Of course, getting to Billie, Nicole and Sarah took priority over everything and another holster was the least of his worries.
Within ten feet of the bathrooms, Billie and Nicole emerged from the women's side. Billie raised her brows in surprise.
Louis nodded toward her jeans. "You got any money on you?"
"Yes, some."
"Get her some ice cream. We'll meet you at the car in a few minutes."
Billie nodded briefly, took Nicole's hand and started forward. What she and Louis missed was the look Nicole and Charles exchanged. He winked and gave her a small smile. She returned it generously.
After the two girls were several feet away, Charles asked in a childish twang, "Can I have some ice cream too, officer?"
Louis responded with a none-too-gentle shove in his back, propelling the criminal into the men's bathroom door. "Shut up, Malone."
Malone went in first, Louis directly behind him. The restroom was temporarily deserted, thank God. Louis pulled his handgun smoothly from his waistband, keeping it level with Malone's chest. "Face the wall." Malone did as he was told and Louis opened his cuffs, pocketing them quickly. Malone looked over his shoulder and Louis nodded toward the urinal. "Make it quick."
"What? No privacy?"
Louis smirked, "None whatsoever."
"Pervert," he replied, though he knew the cop wouldn't leave him alone. He made note of Louis' body blocking the doorway. Charles shrugged and took care of business.
Less than a minute later a frantic knock sounded on the men's bathroom door. Louis tensed knowing only Billie would knock. Keeping his eyes fixed on Malone, he eased his back against the door until it moved. Billie took the hint and opened it a crack. Her desperate voice rang out loud and clear.
"Louis, I need you. Now!"
"Really..." Charles said dryly. "I think sex can wait, don't you?"
Louis marched forward and grabbed Charles by the back of his collar while his pants were still down. "Quiet! Or you'll go outside like this. Zip it up, you're done."
Charles took his time zipping his pants until Louis impatiently growled, "Do it!"
He pushed Malone against the wall and cuffed him one-handed with practiced ease then dragged him around and through the door. He remembered to tuck his weapon into the front of his pants, but kept his hand around the handle under his shirt, just in case. They came to a stop right outside the door.
Billie stood waiting, wringing her hands anxiously. He looked behind her and instantly knew the problem.
"Where's Nicole?"
"She's gone. She got her ice cream and I turned to pay for it. When I turned back around, she'd disappeared."
Bravo! Charles cheered the child's mischievous ways. Here, finally, would be his opportunity to escape.
Louis glanced over Billie's shoulder to the indoor play area. Billie followed the motion and shook her head wildly.
"That's the first place I checked. She's not by the car, either."
"Check the bathroom, hurry," he whispered urgently.
Seconds later she returned. "No."
"Come on," he ordered crisply, watching a father and his two sons heading in their direction, toward the bathroom. The father gave them a strange look when Louis jerked Malone to the side. As he passed by, he looked over his shoulder and caught sight of the handcuffs, his eyes going wide. He nearly pushed his boys into the bathroom door.
Under his breath Louis whispered, "Move it." The three of them exited out the side door where they'd first entered.
Louis' mind turned over the possibilities. Did Moretti send more than one man to get rid of Nicole in case Malone failed? He couldn't be sure. He would have to remain on guard.
When they reached the police cruiser, Louis nearly threw Malone inside. As an afterthought, he locked the car doors. He needed to focus on where Nicole might go and why. He ground his jaw and hardened his resolve, his cop instincts preventing him from showing any emotion.
Billie touched his arm softly. "I'm so sorry, Louis. I don't know what to do."
"Check inside again," Louis said harshly. "I'll check out here. Let's move," he said in a low, urgent voice.
Billie's lips quivered before she nodded and ran off. Louis cursed thoroughly under his breath. He'd hurt Billie without meaning to, but it couldn't be helped. He wasn't upset with her, though his tone implied it. Louis was a good cop and knew his job well. There was no time for hurt feelings, for being upset. They needed to find Nicole quickly and nothing else mattered right now. He'd apologize later.
Trained eyes took in the surrounding shrubs and grounds systematically. Louis searched every possible hiding place surrounding the car and dumpster. She couldn't have disappeared. He remembered her playfulness at the cabin. Is this a game? Is she hiding from us intentionally? He must remain calm. Nicole's disappearance could very well be nothing more than the result of a child's adventurous nature. Experience warned him to consider all possibilities and approach with caution.
Charles kept a sharp eye on Louis, waiting for the perfect moment when he would have his chance to escape. Although the cop shoved him into the back seat, in his haste to find Nicole he didn't realize the door didn't click as it closed. Charles glanced down at his shoe, lodged between the door and the cruiser. Keeping his eyes fixed on the cop, he pushed his foot gently against the door. It moved slightly-it worked! The second Louis moved far enough away, he'd push the door open enough to ease through. Any second now...
The cop remained within sight, maybe thirty feet away, but far enough not to hear the car door open if he did it quietly. He began to press against the door when it opened ever so slowly. Charles whipped his head down and saw nothing but concrete beyond the cracked opening. He narrowed his eyes in speculation. Could it be..?
Nicole's head popped around the car door and Charles raised a brow. She put a finger to her lips in a shh manner and he smiled, nodding. Charles looked up. The cop wasn't looking-now was the time to get the hell out of here. 
Charles glanced down sharply when the child climbed onto his lap, telling him to hold still. He didn't realize her intent until too late. She closed the door with a slight click, effectively locking them inside. She crawled off his lap and sat close by his side. Maybe he could turn this around to his advantage.
"Hi'a, kid," he said kindly.
"Nicole, remember?"
"Right. Charles Malone." God, but it felt strange to trade introductions with someone he'd been paid to kill.
"I snuck away because Billie'd have a fit if I asked to share my ice cream with you."
Charles looked down at the tiny hand holding tight to the cold dessert as creamy trails of melted ice cream ran over her fingers and down her hand. His brows lowered in confusion when her words registered. "Why would you want to?"
"My mamma said I should always share, even with someone who's supposed to be a bad guy."
He latched onto the supposed to be with a frown. With his means of escape gone, he decided to drop the nice act and be honest. He admitted to being curious why Nicole showed no fear of him.
"I am a bad guy, Nicole. I was paid to kill you by the man who killed your father."
"Yeah, but you didn't kill me. You couldn't."
Couldn't! Who is she kidding? His surprised expression turned hateful. He wanted to see if he could scare her. It was a cold, heartless thing to do. But then, he was a cold and heartless bastard.
"I could have killed you, all too easily. I still can," he said in a low, menacing voice. The child didn't appear fazed in the least. She looked him in the eye then took a lick of her ice cream.
"Nuh-uhh. The angel Jesus sent me wouldn't let you. He keeps me safe."
Charles' eyes lost their focus for a minute and he closed them, remembering the moment before his finger squeezed the trigger to take Nicole's life. Something...someone hit him in the chest so hard it threw him clear off his feet and into the air. The last thing he remembered, his entire backside and head struck a tree trunk.
Charles didn't believe in angels or God, though he couldn't explain what happened to him in the forest. Some force he couldn't begin to describe intervened and it bothered the hell out of him, almost as much as this child's kindness and total lack of fear.
"Here," Nicole said and the sudden sound exploded through the confined space of the car like the discharge of a shotgun. Charles snapped his eyes open when something cold struck his face. He nearly went cross-eyed, focusing on the ice cream she'd put close to his mouth. She missed and the cold confection tapped him on the chin.
Ahh, what the hell. He didn't have anything to lose now. Opening his mouth, he took a big bite and smiled down at the incredible and unusual child. She should be quaking in her sneakers at the sight of the man who tried to kill her, rather than sharing her ice cream with him. This mystified Charles and made him face questions he'd never cared to ask before. He would have lots of time to find the answers in the years to come.
Four minutes into her search, Billie ran outside and called to Louis who was also frantic. He grabbed her hand and ran for the cruiser.
"Let's get on the radio. I can have a couple of squad cars out here looking for her in less than ten minutes."
Louis saw the back of Malone's head and breathed an internal sigh of relief. At least the slime was still in custody.
His eyes opened in horror when they were within five feet of the car. Billie's words echoed his own thoughts.
"Oh, my God," Billie whispered in fear.
Instinct took over. Louis pulled his .45 with lightning speed and held it double-fisted. He motioned with his head for Billie to stay back and stepped forward with the same foot over and over until he was a foot from the rear door.
He froze in shock. Nicole held her ice cream up to his prisoner's lips and Louis watched him take a healthy bite before she returned it to her own small mouth for a lick.
Louis reached out and threw open the car door, aiming his weapon at Malone's head. Malone froze but didn't flinch or register any surprise. Billie circled the car and opened the opposite door. She sighed in relief when she heard Louis' voice. She didn't think she could speak right about now.
"Nicole, get out of the car, honey, over by Billie. Right now?" Louis kept his voice low and calm but steel lined every word. Every muscle in his body pulled taut, ready to spring if Malone so much as moved a muscle.
"Nicole, what are you doing, sweetheart?" Billie cried out softly when Nicole made no move to leave the car. Since her mouth was full of ice cream, Malone answered for her, never looking away from the dessert.
"No big deal. We're just sharing an ice cream."
Nicole swallowed and braved a look left then right at the adults beyond the opened doors. "Are you mad at me?"
"Yes-"
"No-" Billie said and she and Louis exchanged a look of frustration.
Charles laughed. He actually laughed and Louis wanted to strangle the man for having the nerve to be alive.
Charles looked down at the messy-faced kid and winked. "You're safe, kid. They aren't really mad at you, just worried. Besides, you have your angel, right?"
"Yep," she said cheerfully and went back to sharing the last bites of her ice cream.
The adults exchanged bewildered glances before Billie helped her out and into the front seat, Louis' .45 never wavering from the side of Malone's head.
The rest of the drive went by slowly with the majority of the conversation being between Charles and Nicole. She'd insisted on twisting around in her seat so she could see him. When she said she still missed her first Daddy, Charles looked down for a moment then out the side window. Louis quietly watched the man's reactions.
Charles Malone may not have been in the room the day Peter Denison was killed, but if he'd been there and Moretti gave the order, Louis knew Malone would have shot the man without hesitation.
Nicole drew his attention away from the window with a gentle question. "Charles, do you miss your daddy?"
Charles swallowed the bile in his throat when he thought about his old man. Deadpan, he answered, "No." Unsure why, he went on.
"He killed my mother with a knife in her back when I was eleven. I saw him do it. After that, death no longer frightened me." He didn't tell her why, though. While his old man slept off a drunken stupor during the night, he killed him without blinking an eye. With both of his parents dead, he was forced to grow up over-night. Charles no longer cared anymore, about anyone or anything. And there'd been no one else to care about him.
Nicole looked troubled and sighed deeply. "I lost my daddy and you lost your mommy. It's so sad."
Charles nodded and noticed Louis watching him in the rearview mirror. He didn't return the man's stare. Right now, he didn't care.
Nicole caught him off guard again. "Did you ever forgive him for what he did?"
Charles looked over and stared at the kid as if she'd grown a second head. His eyes hardened to impenetrable rocks. "No."
"I did. I forgave the bad men who killed my daddy."
Charles eyes grew round, astounded by her words.
"What on earth for?" he thundered then shook his head. This kid couldn't be for real. Maybe she was the angel.
"Mommy said God would punish the bad men and we shouldn't try to get even. She said if I forgave the bad men, I'd get peace. Whatever that means."
Charles knew exactly what she meant. Peace was the one thing he'd never possessed, even before his mother's murder. He'd never had it, only hate and indifference. It was all he understood. He never forgave his old man because he didn't know how or why he should. God knows the worthless bastard didn't deserve to live.
In a rough voice, Malone spoke while staring into the eyes of purity. "How, Nicole? How can someone like me ever get peace with all I've done?"
Nicole bit her lips and thought for a moment. "It's really hard, Mommy says. So hard you gotta have Jesus help you."
His face went blank as he looked away. "I don't believe in God."
"He believes in you," she said quietly.
It was the most profound statement he'd ever heard. Charles kept his mouth shut for the rest of the drive, looking out the window so Nicole wouldn't talk to him anymore. She eventually turned back around to face forward.
When they pulled into the police station a few hours later and Louis escorted Charles to the front of the cruiser, Nicole pulled away from Billie and crawled over her lap to exit the car. She walked over to Charles with a watchful Billie at her side. 
Charles looked down as the kid tugged on his pant leg. He knelt down on one knee. Vaguely, he wondered why he didn't want to frighten her.
Without hesitation, she hugged his neck and placed a wet, sticky kiss on his cheek. He looked deep into her innocent eyes and knew if he ever escaped and was paid a hundred million dollars to kill this child, he wouldn't be able to do it. Her heart shone like pure gold with a truly spotless soul. Unlike his.
This time he smiled with genuine warmth. "Thanks for the ice cream, Nicole."
"Sure thing, Charlie. I'll talk to Jesus and ask him to help you forgive your daddy. But you gotta promise me somethin'."
Charles Malone blinked in surprise, his heart aching in his chest. His mamma had been the last person to call him Charlie, before he lost his innocence. "What, Nicole?" He'd do almost anything for this kid now. She reached out and took his face between her tiny hands.
"You can't hurt anybody else. Promise," she demanded. Her doe eyes plead with him and he discovered he couldn't refuse. His heart, the one he didn't realize he possessed, bled.
He looked her right in the eye and vowed, "I promise." Nicole rewarded him with a radiant smile.
Charles stood and winked down at Nicole before turning away to face Louis. "Get me out of here, cop, before I embarrass myself."
Louis nodded, taking note of his prisoner's gathering tears.
Charles raised his chin defiantly. He didn't give a damn what the cop thought. For the first time since watching his mother's brutal death, someone honestly cared about him.
They climbed the steps leading to a walkway circling the precinct where prisoners were brought in. Before they reached the door of the jail's entrance, Louis pulled Charles to a stop. Keeping his eyes forward, he asked, "You going to keep your promise, Malone?"
Charles glanced over briefly then looked away. "Would you believe, yes?"
A dry laugh escaped the cop's lips. "No, but then it doesn't matter what I think. It's your life-or your eternity in Hell." Louis blinked. Did that really come out of my mouth?
Wanting to see the man's reaction, Louis studied Charles' face as the man looked forward. He no longer looked like a killer. He looked like a man suddenly terrified of his future. Louis wondered which future scared him the most-the one he would face in prison, or the one following his death.
~*~
Sarah sat in the hospital's chapel and prayed for all she was worth. Her list was long-Louis, Billie, her daughter, her life with David and David's own chance at life. His vital signs finally stabilized, but the doctors said it could change at any time. They told her the first twenty-four hours of a coma are the most critical.
Louis left in a mad rush last night in the hope of finding Billie and helping Nicole. She prayed he found them all safe and sound.
Ever since David lost consciousness and lapsed into a coma, Sarah had been in this room praying, crying, and then praying some more. Her beloved, her human husband. He couldn't leave her now.
"Why, God, why?" she cried out, the sound echoing through the empty chapel. "Why give him to me then take him away in the same breath? I love him so much. It isn't fair!"
David's softly spoken words came back to her as if he were in the room. Not our will but His. It was so hard, to give up a sense of control. Didn't she give control of her life over to God when she'd become a Christian? Yes, she admitted. She knew what God wanted her to do.
Leaving the pew, Sarah walked the short distance to the cross high upon the wall and knelt on both knees before the altar.
"I don't know why you allowed David to become human or why you allowed him to be shot. I only know you have a perfect understanding of all things and your plan for David is equally perfect. I give you total control of my life and offer my submission to Your divine will. You are my Shepherd and I am your obedient lamb, even though I don't understand why this is happening. Your will, Lord, is mine," she finished and bowed her head.
A pure and complete peace she hadn't felt in a very long time overtook her heart and warmed her soul. The Holy Spirit comforted her soul, bringing her warmth and compassion. Whatever God had planned, Sarah knew His design would be for her best. She sighed and felt a tender touch surround her shoulders. She'd felt the same way in the cave when David's wings had surrounded them. She felt protected, loved.
The chapel door opened but Sarah didn't move from her place before the altar. She felt no embarrassment in humbling herself before her God, her friend.
"Mommy!"
Sarah opened her eyes in a daze, unsure if she only imagined her baby's voice. Twisting her body, she collapsed against the alter stairs and looked up in time to see her daughter launching her little body down the short aisle.
"Baby..." Sarah cried but the word emerged as no more than a broken whisper. She opened her arms and hugged her daughter tight against her chest, both of them shaking with joy and relief.
They didn't move until Sarah looked up and saw Louis with his arm around Billie, none the worse for wear. Tears streamed from her eyes in rivers, but she didn't care. These tears were a celebration of life.
Sarah looked over her shoulder toward the cross and silently thanked the Lord for His care over her friends and her baby girl. All was right with the world.
Well, almost.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against 
the dragon, and the dragon and his angels fought back. 
But he (the dragon) was not strong enough, 
and they lost their place in heaven.
Revelation 12:7, 8

Chapter Eighteen

David felt the most unusual sensation come over him, as if floating. Nothing like soaring through the sky with the aid of his powerful wings, but wonderful all the same.
The blackness didn't frighten him as it should; it felt serene. Peaceful. Patiently, he waited until he saw a light through a narrow tunnel up ahead. It drew closer until the light surrounded and enclosed him in its radiance. He recognized his surroundings immediately. The splendor of Heaven had been his home through most of his existence-except when on assignment.
All around were angels from the various realms. Some waved and he returned the gesture, not feeling the motion of his raised arm. How strange.
In the blink of an eye his fellow Archangel, who he called friend, stood before him. It felt good to see the friendly face.
"Michael, is the assignment complete?"
"Yes. The Lord assigned Nicole Denison to me once you were...demoted. She and...your wife are safe at the hospital where your body remains."
David nodded, his smile fading as he noticed Michael's serious expression. The two stared at one another, once as close as any two angels could possibly be, now a universe apart.
Michael shook his head, trying to understand. "Why did you do this, David?"
What could he say, other than the truth? "I love her. I love them both. There are no other words to explain the depths of my feelings."
Michael nodded sadly, though confusion knit his forehead. David knew his friend would never understand his reasoning and he accepted it at face value.
Michael raised his eyes and spoke solemnly.
"The Lord wishes to see you."
"Take me there, my friend."
Friend. Michael's brow wrinkled at the earthly term used by mankind. In the heavenly realm there were only fellow angels and servants to the Lord. Friendship, as it is known on Earth, was not a concept explored in Heaven. Although, all heavenly angels possessed a spiritual love for each other. Michael believed he understood what David meant by the word. If ever he could claim friendship for another being, it would have been David.
With a touch of his hand, Michael and David were transported to the Throne of Grace.
David stood for only a second in the blinding light before falling humbly to his knees before the Lord. All bowed before the Lord God Almighty, angels and man alike. David waited patiently for the Lord to speak. He prayed with all his heart and hoped the Lord's words would bring him happiness and not eternal sorrow.
The voice of God did not come in a deep, resounding boom or with arrogance or self-importance. Rather it came as David had always heard it, in a pure and soft voice, full of love and compassion. The sound reassured David as nothing else could.
"Faithful servant, David the Archangel under Michael's command, I ask you... Who am I?"
David remained on his knees and looked up into the ethereal face of God.
"You are the Alpha and the Omega, who was, is and who is to come. The Almighty."
Then the Lord asked him, "Whom do you serve?"
"It is the Lord Jesus Christ I fear and serve, who paid for my life with his freely-given blood on the cross of salvation. My life has been purchased with a very dear price and I cling only to Christ."
"Arise, faithful servant."
David did so, lowering his eyes in respectful reverence.
The Lord said, "You have broken many of the angelic laws of Heaven. You are an angel no longer and, therefore, are not to be judged by such law. Because you are man, the seed of Adam, you were sinful and lost to me."
David looked up abruptly.
"You confessed with your mouth and repented of your sinful ways, however brief." The Lord smiled and David returned the gesture of good humor. "You were saved by the grace of my Son. I am well-pleased with your faithfulness and obedience while in the flesh. You have humbled yourself before me and followed my truth in word and deed. I have found favor in your works."
David released a long breath of gratitude and relief. Respectfully he said, "I give glory and honor to you, Lord God, who saw fit to save me from my sin through your Son. I have served only you, Lord, from the dawn of my existence, upholding your heavenly laws."
David knelt down on one knee and raised an opened hand to the Lord. "Now I beseech you, Lord. Grant me a man's life on Earth where I will continue to serve you with an assured boldness only faith in you can provide. I wish only to serve my God and do all things in the name of the Lord Jesus, who is my master and friend."
"This is your only desire?" David saw him smile. God knew his heart and knew the true depth of his feelings for Sarah and Nicole.
"No, Lord. I also have an abiding love for Sarah Denison and her sweet daughter, Nicole. I have made her my wife in man's eyes."
"What of mine?"
When David's brows lowered in a frown, the Lord descended his throne until he was standing before David. He placed a hand on David's shoulder and urged him to stand.
"Oh, my faithful servant. Did your heart and mind remain in me when you joined your spirit with Sarah Denison's?"
"Yes, Lord."
"Do I not bless the union of man and woman when joined this way?"
David's face broke into a wide grin. "Yes, Lord."
"I have found favor with Sarah Denison as well. From the dawn of time, she had already been chosen for you."
This came as a shock. "She was chosen, by you?"
The Lord laughed and all of Heaven smiled. "I knew her heart and yours to be well-yoked. Since before your Guardian assignment, you have watched and longed for the life of man. I knew you to be a good and wise servant. Your life on Earth will further my kingdom and for this reason I made you flesh. Satan's forces will no longer be easily seen on Earth as they are in the air."
David nodded his understanding. "This is why I have faith in the Spirit's power, to reveal them to me so in Christ's name they must depart. For every evil creature cannot withstand the name of Jesus Christ from the lips of God's children."
The Lord smiled. "I expect greatness from you, David Trueheart, for you belong faithfully to me. Do not give me cause for sorrow or shame."
"Never, Father. I will work towards..." David thought for a moment. "Nailing the bad guys," he said slowly, testing the words Louis taught him. The Lord and Michael exchanged worried glances then the Lord showed his delight by throwing back his head with a joyous laugh, bringing all of Heaven into the sound.
After the laughter quieted, David became solemn.
"I will work until my dying day to bring your lost sheep into the fold of Heaven and eternity. This, above all, is my greatest desire and ultimate goal."
With a nod of satisfaction and approval, the Lord embraced his obedient servant, no matter the form, and hugged him warmly. The Lord vanished from his sight and once again sat on his heavenly throne.
"It is time to go," Michael said from his side.
David knew this moment would come, saying good-bye, but was still unprepared for it. David held up his hand to delay his return. He looked around at the faces of the angels he'd known forever and felt a heavy sadness in his heart. He would miss them. He would miss them all.
David sought Michael's gaze and did not blink back the moisture gathering in his eyes. Michael drew his sword with a powerful hand and held the weapon of truth above David's head. His other hand reached out to encompass the glory of Heaven.
In a mighty voice, Michael spoke. "Hear, O heavenly host! One from our realm is to fall from the gates of Heaven, yet not by sin or disgrace. He leaves to serve our Lord on Earth, though apart from the world and its wickedness. Rejoice, all ye angels of the realm of Heaven! This moment we celebrate what will one day be a fatal wound to our enemy, whom we once banished from the glory of Heaven!"
In a softer voice he looked directly at David and said, "David, once Archangel under my command, I am honored to call you friend. You will be missed."
With the final word and to the accompaniment of ten thousand angelic voices raised in farewell, Michael's sword came down and circled David's body, enclosing it in a blinding wall of light.
David closed his eyes and knew no more.
~*~
Two days. Not a single movement or sound came from the still-as-death figure lying on the hospital bed. The doctors told Sarah a coma was unpredictable. It could last hours, weeks, even years. In some cases the patient died, having never regained consciousness. Sarah couldn't bear it if David died. How could she lose him? How would she live without him?
Sarah blinked the sleep from her eyes and looked up at the wall clock by the mounted TV in the corner. It was eight-forty in the morning, nearly visiting hours. Louis pulled some strings and managed to have the hospital provide her with a cot so she could sleep in David's room. Yet, for the last two nights she'd spent most of those hours in an uncomfortable chair by his bedside. She wanted...no, needed to be close to her husband. Sarah squeezed his hand-the one without the IV-and leaned over to kiss his chest before laying her head softly on it. His steady and strong heartbeat gave her hope he would wake up soon. She closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
Sarah woke when someone lifted her shoulders away from her husband's chest. She looked over her shoulder with blurry eyes and saw a deeply etched frown marring Billie's face. Sarah patted her friend's hand resting on her shoulder.
"I'm okay, Billie. I got a few hours in last night. More than before."
Billie scowled. "That's not enough. You need to come to the hotel where Nicole and Louis are and get some real rest."
"No," she said with a firm shake of her head. "I need to be here when he wakes up."
"Honey, what if-"
"No! I won't listen to anything negative! David will come out of this and return to me. You'll see. He just needs some time to talk to God."
Those words no longer shocked Billie since she'd been saying them for the last few days. Billie studied her friend a little closer. The words lacked the vestige of passion she used when she spoke them a couple of days ago. Was Sarah beginning to lose her faith?
"Come on, honey, come rest," she pleaded gently.
Sarah heard the compassion in Billie's voice and lost her composure, covering her face as she burst into tears.
"I-I c-can't lose him, B-Billie. I l-love him m-more than I c-can say," she stuttered helplessly in between her tears and hiccups.
Billie hugged Sarah close, cradling her as she would a babe against her breast. Sarah cried great, gasping sobs until a rough voice shocked the two women. They gasped and broke apart.
"Don't cry, sweetheart," the weak voice rasped.
"David! Oh, David! You came back to me!" Sarah threw her arms around his chest and wept openly. He lifted his free hand and held her close, caressing her back in long, sweeping strokes.
"Of course I came back. Nothing would keep me away from holding my sweet angel in my arms. We're going to have many years together, baby. God promised us all kinds of happy memories to cherish."
Sarah blinked back her tears in surprise. Baby? Where did he learn this slang, from Louis?
"Is Louis the culprit for teaching you such, um, creative slang?"
David returned her smile, enjoying the twinkle in her eye. "I'm not really sure, angel. I remember hearing him use it while speaking to Billie, but it just sort of came to me naturally."
He looked down at his prone body. "How long have I been like this?"
"Two terrible days and terrifying nights. I've been so scared, David."
He stroked her hair, threading his fingers through the velvety mass. "Shh. No need, baby. We've been blessed by God personally. I've been given gifts I never dreamed would come to pass. God gave me humanity with a soul, salvation...and you."
He urged her upward until he could claim her mouth possessively, but with an aching tenderness that brought tears back to her eyes.
Billie sniffed back tears of joy, but couldn't withhold her smile.
A moment later a nurse walked into the room. Surprise lit her voice and face. "Well, Mr. Trueheart. You've decided to join us. And in a creative way, I see," she finished with a wink at Sarah.
Sarah pulled away, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment. The other two women exchanged smiles.
"Yeah, I sure missed kissing my wife. We even missed our honeymoon-something I plan to rectify as soon as possible." David sent Sarah an intense look of passion, in no way lessened by his weakened state.
Sarah blinked, unsure what to think of the change in her husband.
Wait a minute, she thought in confusion. Trueheart? Who is Mr. Trueheart?
While the nurse stayed busy with his chart, Sarah leaned over and whispered, "David? I thought we chose the last name Smith?"
David lifted his lips to her ear. "I'll explain later. Trust me."
The nurse placed his chart back into the slot at the end of the bed. "Your doctor will be here in a few minutes, Mr. Trueheart. Congratulations on your recent marriage." She turned to leave.
Once the door closed, David asked Billie, "Where's Nicole?" Although still weak, his concern was profound, making him appear stronger.
"She's fine, David. Right now she's with Louis at the hotel. He wanted to be close by so Sarah could get here quickly if she had to. Problem is she hasn't left your side since you were admitted two days ago. She's only taken short breaks or gone to the chapel to pray. I've been sneaking food in the room, when she'd actually eat it."
David narrowed his eyes and took a closer look at his wife. He frowned seeing the soft, dark circles beneath her tired eyes. Her clothes looked wrinkled and worn and her hair was a mess. She'd neglected taking good care of herself so she could be here, worrying over him.
"You need to rest," he stated firmly.
Billie released a small shout. "Halleluiah! Finally someone else who agrees with me."
David laughed then groaned as the movement caused him pain.
"Easy, honey. Don't make him laugh, Billie. Even though he deserves some punishment for getting on my case."
David smiled widely and pulled Sarah in for a quick kiss. He was pleased when she did nothing to resist.
The door swung open with a quiet swoosh. Louis' head popped in and he smiled widely when he saw David awake. "Hey! How's the patient?" Louis asked cheerfully and moved so Nicole could run to David's bedside.
"Come here, princess," David invited. Nicole crawled up into the chair Sarah vacated and hugged him long and hard. He ignored the pain. She was alive and appeared uninjured. Nothing else mattered. "Where've you two been?"
Nicole answered. "At the hotel watching Nickelodeon. Some kid pulled a cord and her mom got slimed and her dad got two pies in the face. It was great!"
David smiled widely and hugged her again. "Sounds like fun, honey. We'll have to try that real soon."
"Guess what?" Nicole asked with typical child-like enthusiasm.
"What?" David tweaked her nose.
"Louis and I talked for a long, long time and now he has Jesus in his heart too. I'm still working on Charlie."
David's eyes snapped to Louis' face. He saw the truth shining there and gave a silent shout for joy. "Welcome, brother," he replied and quietly offered his good hand. Louis took it and leaned down to hug David gently, but with a strength born of true friendship.
"You were right about everything, David. To delay is asking for trouble. I get it now."
David nodded his firm approval. "Yes, it does. By the way, who is Charlie? Another cop?"
Louis and Billie looked away suddenly, guilt written all over their faces. David had a bad feeling he wasn't going to like the answer to his question.
"Billie? Who is Charlie?" he asked in a firmer, more authoritative voice, drilling each of them with steel eyes.
Nicole answered instead, calmly, as if it were no big deal. "Oh, he's the guy who came after me when I left the Home and tried to find Mommy and Billie."
So, I'm right. He is a cop. He wrinkled his brow toward Louis as if to say, "So..?"
Nicole saw his confusion and translated her own words with shocking simplicity. "His real name is Charles Malone. I call him Charlie, ya know? He's the guy who tried to hurt me."
"What?" David yelled, coming half off the bed. He grimaced at the intense pain wrapped around his middle. Sarah eased his body back down to the bed.
Billie and Louis started talking at the same time.
"She was never in any real danger-"
"We only lost her for a few minutes-"
"...found her in the back seat with him-"
"...sharing an ice cream and-"
"Hold it!" he barked and the two came up short. Quiet reined. David turned to Nicole who looked with confusion from one person to the next. Her eyes finally found his and David's heart ached at the anxiety he saw on her precious face.
"Did I do something wrong, Daddy? I forgave him for trying to hurt me and fig'red he might want some ice cream too since it was so hot."
David closed his eyes and prayed for wisdom and the right words to praise and reprimand his sweet daughter.
"No, princess, your heart was in the right place. Loving our neighbor is one of God's commandments. We're to even love our enemies. I think Louis and Billie were worried about you. They care what happens to you."
"Uh-huh. That's what Charlie said, too," Nicole replied. 
David sent Louis a shocked look that said, He did? 
Nicole rushed on. "I promised to pray for him about forgiving his daddy and I want to write to him as much as I can. He needs Jesus in his heart too, just like Louis. Will you help me with the words, Daddy?"
Forgiveness. Such a tough thing for most mortals to do. As an angel over the past centuries, he would obediently aid mortals in times of crisis. Including the lesson of forgiveness. As a human man, the desire to show anger and hate was instinctive. But in this new life as a child of God, his obedience to God's ways demanded he show everyone forgiveness. Even the man who kidnapped his wife and tried to kill his sweet daughter.
David searched Sarah's face and saw fear for her baby girl. He watched the transition as compassion filled her eyes. The woman he loved more than his mortal life was remarkable indeed. David now knew how to answer Nicole.
"Yes, princess, we both will."
Billie let out a burst of frustration. "I don't get it," she whispered darkly. "The guy is the worst kind of scum!"
Louis smiled and exchanged it with David and Sarah. He remembered saying much the same thing less than a week ago. He got it, though, and he wanted to share the new love in his heart with Billie.
It was a time for joy and revelation, David mused. He didn't know what God had in store for he and his family, but he believed by faith that God would make it an adventure and a challenge-enough to last a lifetime.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Praise the Lord from the heavens, praise him in the heights 
above. Praise him, all his angels, praise 
him, all his heavenly hosts.   
Psalms 148:1, 2

Epilogue

David stood motionless, looking out the window into the clear dark night. The stars were out in full force this evening and if he closed his eyes he could still feel the air passing through his wings as he flew around this small planet. He could feel the weight of his heavenly sword and hear the sounds of war when he'd fought against the fallen in the beginning.
Do I miss it? No. Shortly after the assignment ended, Sarah and he took a three-week honeymoon in Switzerland. Sarah taught him a new way to soar into the heavens within the loving and passionate warmth of her arms.
He looked over his shoulder at the result of their tender loving. Nicole's little two-month-old sister, Grace Bethany Trueheart, looked just like her father. He still couldn't believe it. She was absolutely perfect and she was his.
After leaving the hospital, he and Sarah decided to adopt Sue Ann as a permanent part of their family. He knew no greater joy than the love of his four girls.
His gaze returned to the star-lit night and he remembered his joy when Louis announced his engagement to Billie not three months ago. They were due to wed next week. It took a lot of talks and reading of scripture, but Billie came to them and announced with a tear-stained face-I asked Jesus into my heart.
As it turned out, the deciding factor in Billie's decision was the first letter to Nicole from Charles Malone. He'd been convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to twenty years with eligibility for parole in ten. There were no other convictions to any other crimes. From within prison walls, Charles wrote to her every week without fail.
His first letter begged her forgiveness and requested she ask her mother, Billie and Louis the same. Charles told the little girl he searched his heart and even forgiven his father, setting his anger and hatred free from his violent past. The prison Chaplain spoke with him off and on for several months, seeing him nearly every day. Nicole sent him one of her three Bibles and he claimed to be only pages away from finishing it.
David still felt strange about his daughter's relationship with the criminal, but the man's changed heart showed in his life, even from within prison walls. David, as a Christian, could be nothing short of elated for him and his victory over the evil claiming him for so long.
Vincent Moretti, on the other hand, received two consecutive life sentences with no possibility for parole. Richard Biggs received twelve years for his active role in Moretti's crime ring.
Many others on Moretti's payroll, including a few cops, went to trial and received various sentences. At least two of Moretti's men escaped his hold to find a new life.
Everything changed for the better. David left the hospital to discover he possessed a driver's license and a Social Security card. David briefly lived in Sarah's home until recently when they, with Nicole and Sue Ann, purchased a new home and moved into it a few months after David's release.
He was happy.
Once the case against Moretti was closed, Louis retired from the force to begin his own security agency, offering David a partnership. David accepted eagerly, anticipating learning a trade and making a dent in the life of the common crook. They hired two more people. Billie-who sold the Home to Tanya for a new home and new dreams with her husband-to-be, and Little Stevie-who'd jumped at the chance to start a new life.
David was not only a husband but a father, something he would've never dreamed possible. He made quite a few promises to God about his future and he wasn't about to negate on a single one of them.
Slim, warm arms surrounded him from behind and David twisted his head to smile down into the upturned face of his beloved wife. He turned within her embrace and pulled her closer for a kiss he recognized as the beginning of a very long and pleasurable night. He was anxious for the loving touch of his beloved Sarah.
Sweeping his wife up into his arms, he carried her from the nursery and into their bedroom, shutting the door quietly behind them. He lowered her to her feet and watched with loving eyes as she undressed for him. Her body was a vision of beauty and he thanked God daily for the gift of such a woman as Sarah Trueheart.
Once undressed, she helped David undress then walked into his arms. She lifted her head and sent him a wink. "Nicole loves her two new sisters, but she mentioned yesterday how much she'd love a little brother. Any possibility of us having a son?"
David smiled slyly and kissed the tip of her nose then her warm lips. "I think there's every possibility. The Lord's going to give us a great big family, sweetheart. Just think of all those years from now, surrounded by our grandchildren. I can hardly wait."
Sarah smiled and wiggled closer to his firm body. "Yes, those will be good times for us. But let's worry about getting there first."
He chuckled into her arched neck. "You're right, of course. It helps to start at the beginning, like enjoying the first kiss..."
Sarah sighed and she and David made love in the ways they'd come to enjoy together, bonded by love and in body. Their unique union was never more defined than in this moment, relishing the splendor of their embrace.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

About the Author: 
Laura Shinn

My writing didn't truly begin until I became a junior in high school. A friend encouraged me to write a short story, like the one he was writing, and I gave it a shot. It was a spin-off between Mork and Mindy and Star Wars. What it lacked in plot direction was replaced with adventure and fun dialogue. This first attempt accomplished its purposed and I was forever overtaken by the writing bug.
Over the next few years I read like crazy, mostly historical novels. I didn't begin reading contemporaries until I got married several years later. I decided I wanted to write a time travel like the one my favorite author had written. Constance O'Day Flannery became my first inspiration to become a published author. {Since then I have had the honor of meeting and learning from many different authors: Suzanne Brockmann, Madeline Baker, Christine Feehan, Michele Bardsley, Jo Beverley and many more.}
I love to read. New ideas for novels pop into my head at the most inconvenient times. The idea that you can create a magical or mysterious world with only the touch of your fingers to a keyboard encourages me to write more.
While in college, at Howard Payne University in Brownwood Texas, I majored in English {minored in Art} and wanted desperately to become a published author. I've continued to work on my writing and designing skills and hope to one day achieve the same level of talent as many of my favorite authors.
I have a wonderful husband, two boys, two dogs and two cats. We currently live in central Texas.
I offer my clients design work for ebook and print, formatting and uploading to three locations only. 
View my website for more details: http://laurashinn.yolasite.com. 

~ * ~ * ~ * ~



I offer my clients design work for ebook and print, formatting and uploading to three locations only. 
View my website for more details: http://laurashinn.yolasite.com/

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Current Releases & Coming Soon

Nightlife Anthology 
Vampire Romance
Author, LAURA SHINN has created two worlds where hidden creatures live among the mortals they rely upon for their existence: "A Light in the Darkness," "Out of the Night."


A Matter of Trust 
The Men of Wellington, Texas: book 1
Contemporary Romance
Candice is thirty-four, and not getting any younger. Without realizing how it happened, Candice becomes engaged to Henry, a wonderful man twice her age. Love is not important. Why, she could live the rest of her days without that fickle emotion! Or so she thought. 
Passion bursts into her life the moment Nathan walks through the door. Tall, tan and sexy, the cowboy towers over her, thrilling her with his unexpected touch. But, wait a minute! She can't feel this way. Her engagement to Henry means a secure future with friendship and... 
What about love? And what will become of the blossoming relationship between Candice and Nathan once Henry discovers her growing feelings for Nathan? Each will discover passion, heartache, laughter and the joys of learning to trust.


A Christmas Vow
Holiday Novella
Shanda Bratton harbored a secret love for Chris. But would Chris ever see her as anything other than the kid he'd known all his life? Five years her senior, Chris Milano knew she was too young for his attentions, until the day she came home from college. His desire for her over the years never vanished. Looking into her eyes, he admitted this Christmas would be one neither would ever forget.


Someone To Watch Over Me
Angels of the Realm: book 1
Inspirational/Paranormal Romance
Deep within the forest, David, once an Avenging angel, watches over a child and her mother. Faced with a new challenge, how does a Guardian under new assignment cope with his feelings for Sarah, Nicole's mother? Now a hitman is on their trail. Forced to run, they must find the evidence to protect Nicole before a ruthless killer finds them. Will the Lord allow the three to become a mortal family?


Night Hunter
Vampire Romance
Marcus decided to savor his last night on earth as a vampire, until he hears a faint cry in a dark church. Miranda wants more than anything to have a man and family of her own so she agrees to help the stranger save a baby hidden in the church. Circumstances beyond their control tear into the dream of making a family. Is it too late for Marcus and Miranda to find happiness in the midst of chaos?


Chances Are
Holiday Novella
Katie and her son, Byron, are weeks away from moving on to their next destination while running away. Sheriff Trent Stiller is instantly taken with the beautiful and intelligent waitress in Little, Texas, and convinces her to give them a chance. Will he still feel the same way when he discovers what she did to her ex-husband and why she and Byron are on the run?


Underneath the Mistletoe
Holiday Novella
Scott Helling allows his best friend, Tiffany Ashby, to talk him into playing Santa for a group of children at the local shelter, while she plays Santa's helper. He can hardly function once he sees her in the green, shorty skirt. What he really wants Tiffany to help him do involves hot nights and cool sheets rather than passing out Christmas gifts and keeping his distance. Exactly when did he begin thinking of Tiffany as his would-be lover rather than his best friend? 
Tiffany has waited ages for Scott to see her in a romantic light, and not only as his best friend. Watching him play Santa for the kids with energetic flair, and kindness where needed, makes her love him even more. If only her own Christmas wish for a life with Scott could come true.
When circumstances force a passionate kiss underneath the mistletoe, will their relationship finally change? Can best friends turned lovers find their happily-ever-after?


The Hands of Time
Holiday Novella
Lady Graciela Scott is imprisoned in a snow globe after seeing Lord Kennith Whittingham die, discovering his feelings for her too late. Now, centuries later, she is released when Ken Montgomery finds the globe and makes a Christmas wish. 
Graciela sees this new world as a frightening, but exciting and passionate, place. Ken looks enough like Lord Kennith to be his twin and she is drawn to him physically and emotionally. Within a very short time, Graciela falls in love with Ken.
When secrets of the curse are revealed through an ancient journal, Graciela and Ken must find a solution to reverse the spell cast upon her or she will return to the snow globe forever. Will they succeed before the hands of time run out?


Conceived in Darkness
Sci-Fi/Romance Novella
Prince Orekon is out of time and out of solutions. He must mate and he only has until sunrise in three days or he will lose his throne. The alternative would be disastrous for his people. The females from his world of Astovia are lovely and willing, but his heart remains cold. There is no one among them who wants to discover the heart within the beast. And Orekon refuses to mate with any available female. He wants one who will join with his heart as well as his body.
Music is Kathryn Schaffer's life and passion. It's the only thing in her life that keeps her going, waiting for each performance. When a strange man in a corridor holds her captive from behind, Kathryn is momentarily terrified. Until his touch softens and he whispers words of passion and love in her ear. Knowing she will never experience those emotions in her entire life, Kathryn takes a chance and opens her heart to a stranger. 
However, falling in love is never easy and trials and challenges wait for the mated couple on Astovia. Orekon is confident in his ability to maintain the throne, but Kathryn is in a world unlike her own. Will she find a way to win over the hearts of the Astovian people as she did with Orekon? 


Out of My Dreams 
PSI Files - Case 1 
Paranormal Romance
For years, Cara Chase dreamed of a young man who stole a kiss in a deserted graveyard. For years, the memory haunted her nights?
Until the day she decided to see if her dream man was real. Cara reached a point where she began to question her sanity-it was time to discover the truth.
Traveling to nearby McComb, Mississippi, Cara found the little church and abandoned graveyard, only to find him-Daniel Harrington-waiting. Love began to bloom between them when scientists from the PSI Research Institute arrive. Tortured by the scientists as a teen, Daniel refused to go back for more "research."
The psychic abilities Daniel gained at sixteen are the reason they've come. Or is Daniel the only one they're after? Are they also after Ty, his best friend and employee, who escaped PSI with him all those years ago? When Cara is kidnapped, Daniel must face his greatest challenge-saving Cara from the madness at PSI without cracking the foundations of the earth.
