Some Lips Tell Lies

By  Mary Tribbey

Copyright 2012  Mary Tribbey
Smashwords Edition
ISBN Number  9781301861194

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents
Chapter  1
Chapter  2
Chapter  3
Chapter  4
Chapter  5
Chapter  6
Chapter  7
Chapter  8
Chapter  9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Post Script
Book Notes
About the Author

SOME LIPS TELL LIES
Chapter 1
After Anne finished packing the last few boxes to go to the Crippled Children’s Thrift Shop, she looked around at the stacks of clothes, household items, furniture, and personal belongings that nearly filled the living room.  She shook her head and sighed.  The boxes that contained the few things she wanted to keep had already been loaded into her car.  It had been a long and sad job packing up her father’s belongings after his death, and she was glad it was finally finished.  The truck from the thrift store would be arriving in less than an hour to haul off all the things now neatly stacked inside the living room.
Anne sank down on the old sofa one last time and thought back over the last few months she had spent taking care of her father.  It had begun about five months earlier.  She had come home to stay a few days at Christmas time.  Anne remembered how tired and pale her father had looked.  At first she thought maybe he had been overdoing work around the house and was overly tired.  After looking around for a while and talking to her father, Anne began to suspect there was more to his tiredness than just overwork.  
“Dad, you seem really tired.  How have you been feeling lately?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” he said. “I’m just feeling a little tired and I have a stomach ache a little more often than I used to. I guess I’m just getting older and can’t eat so many spicy foods.”
“How long have you been feeling like this?” Anne asked.
“Two or three months, I guess.” He answered.
“What did the doctor say about it?” she asked.
“I haven‘t gone to see the doctor.  I’m not that sick.  Going to see the doctor is just a waste of time and money, Anne. I’m just getting older,” he protested.
“No, Dad.  I can see how much weight you’ve lost since Thanksgiving.  I thought you were going to see the doctor after that.  I know you don’t like going to the doctor, but I’m going to call and make an appointment so I can take you there before I have to go back to work at the Children’s Hospital,” Anne insisted.
“You worry too much,” he grumbled.
“Please, Dad, humor me. Let’s go see your doctor.  It might not help you, but it will make me feel better,” Anne said.
Two days later, Anne drove her father to see Dr. Norton at his clinic.  When he was weighed in at the office, the nurse looked surprised when she wrote down his current weight.
“Have you been trying to lose weight, Mr. Lanford?” she asked.  “You’ve lost nearly 46 pounds since you were here in August.”
“No,” he answered. “I just haven’t been as hungry as I used to be.  Things just don’t seem to taste as good lately.  Sometimes it is just too much trouble to cook a full meal, so I grab a bowl of cereal or have some soup,” he explained.
When Doctor Norton walked in, he shook hands with Richard.  “How are you feeling today?” he asked.
“I feel tired more than usual, but I don’t really feel that sick.  Anne wanted me to come and see you,” he explained.
“Well, you’ve lost a lot of weight, and it’s been months since your last blood tests.  I want to get a complete work up on you.”  He wrote orders for blood work plus urine and stool tests.  He recommended Richard take vitamins and eat more regular meals and come back for the results on Wednesday.  The nurse came in and took the blood samples and told Richard to give a stool and urine sample before leaving the office.
On Wednesday morning, Anne and her father returned to the doctor’s office to get the results of his tests.  When the doctor came into the examination room, Anne noticed he seemed a little nervous.  He sat down and asked if Richard was feeling any different.
“I still feel the same, just a little tired,” Richard answered.
“How did Dad’s tests turn out?” Anne asked.
Dr. Norton seemed startled by her direct question.  He looked at the chart and reports and said, “Some of the tests came back within normal range.  His blood is a little low in red blood cells.  He may be borderline anemic, but there are two other tests   that indicate there may be a possible problem that we need to check out.  His urine and stool samples show the presence of an abnormal amount of certain chemicals.  I want him to go over to the hospital outpatient clinic today and get a CT scan of his bladder, kidney, and colon.  I’ve already talked to the doctor at the hospital.  He will read the tests today and call me with tentative results this afternoon,” he reported.  “I’d like to see you back here at 4 pm today so we can go over the results.”
“What’s the big rush?” Richard asked.
“There are several possible reasons, but we need to test for these as soon as possible,” the doctor answered.
Anne drove Richard over to the hospital outpatient clinic.  He was ushered right in.  The tests took less than 90 minutes to complete.  By 3:45, they were back at Dr. Norton’s office.
Once again, seated in Dr. Norton’s office, Dr. Norton walked in carrying a thick file folder.  He sat down at his desk and quickly scanned the new test reports.  He sat for a few minutes reviewing them again.
“Well, I’m afraid my suspicions were correct.  The CT scan of the bladder, kidney and lower bowel areas all show abnormal growths.  They appear to be tumors.  Based on what we see, and the other chemicals found in the blood and urine tests, they may be cancerous tumors.  They are fairly large and have probably been growing for several months.  There are some unusual levels of cancer-related chemicals in the blood test, too.  The only way to determine the exact cause and extent of the problem is to do an exploratory operation as soon as possible,” Dr. Norton said.
As a nurse, Anne heard and understood exactly what he was saying.  They scheduled the surgery with an oncologist for Friday morning.  After that everything seemed to happen so fast.  By the weekend, Anne sat by her father’s bed in the hospital.  The oncologist came in and reported, “The test results came back indicating it is definitely cancer in the colon which has spread throughout the abdominal cavity.  It appears to be Stage 4 Cancer.  Since it has spread so widely, Richard is not a good candidate for chemotherapy or radiation treatment.  It has apparently been growing for some time.  If it had been caught earlier, there might have been a chance of stopping it or buying you more time,” Dr. Wedemeier explained.
“If there is no treatment available, how much time do you think I have left?” Richard asked solemnly.
“It’s hard to say with any certainty, but I would estimate it will be less than five months,” he answered.
Anne listened with growing horror because she had seen several other cancer patients die with the same type of cancer.  She knew it was not an easy or pleasant way to die.  She tried to appear optimistic for her father’s sake.
After they got home, the full impact of the doctor’s words began to sink in.  Anne sat on the sofa, and held her father’s hand and sat quietly beside him.
“I guess I should have gone to the doctor a long time ago, but I just didn’t think it was that important,” he mumbled.
“I’m so sorry, Daddy.  I love you so much and I hate it that you’re sick.  I’m going to go back to the Children’s Hospital in the morning.  I’ll get a Leave of Absence and then I’m moving back in with you.  I’ll stay here and take care of you.  We’ll get through this together,” Anne said.
“No, Anne.  You have your school to complete.  I’ll be all right here by myself,” he argued.
“Dad, I can take a break and go right back and finish after my Leave of Absence is over.  I want to be here with you.  I want to spend as much time as I can with you.  My Practicum can wait, but this can’t.  Daddy, no argument.  I’m going to be here with you,” Anne insisted.
Back at the Children’s Hospital, Anne talked to her supervising nurse.  When she explained her father’s illness, she was given a Leave of Absence so she could take care of her father.  Anne had completed all her regular nursing classes.  She was in the middle of an 8 month work experience Practicum to qualify her to work with critically ill and dying patients.
During her five months at St. John’s Children’s Hospital, Anne had worked with many young patients.  Several were fighting different types of cancer.  It could be a very discouraging and depressing place to work, but Anne had a different way of relating to the children.  She wasn’t taking care of the dying, she was helping each one of them live with the best quality of care and comfort that she could provide to make their days, no matter how many there were, happier and brighter.  She deeply cared about all her patients, but there were two little girls who had lymphatic cancer, that she especially enjoyed helping. They were both six years old and shared a room. When Anne had any ‘extra’ time she usually could be found in their room.  The girls were best of friends having spent several months sharing the same room.
Rachel Ritter was a quiet, somewhat shy little black haired girl with dark, piercing eyes.  She loved reading and drawing.  Julie, Rachel’s mother had to work, but she came to visit with her almost every day.  Her father travelled and was out of town a lot, but he came to visit when he was in town.  Since he was frequently out of town, a friend of his used to come in and visit with Rachel so she would have a male visitor.
Tracie Austin was a blonde, blue-eyed bundle of energy, except for the days after her chemotherapy treatments.  They always made her feel sick and very tired.  Her face was liberally sprinkled with freckles, and she had a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. She liked to talk, tell jokes, do puzzles, and also draw pictures. Tracie had been sent to St. John’s Hospital to try out an experimental new type of chemotherapy, because she no longer responded to the more common type.  Her family lived near San Jose.  Hannah, Tracie’s mother was a single parent and came to visit when she could get away from work long enough to make the 8 hour trip.  Tracie’s father lived in Denver and had never come to visit.  When Hannah couldn’t get down to visit, she would call and talk to Anne.  Anne would relay messages from both mothers.  She kept in contact with both of them on a regular basis.
It was while working in their rooms that Anne first met John Williamson.  Anne was sitting by Tracie’s bed trying to get her to eat a little more of her lunch. When a tall, broad shouldered man with dark hair walked inside the room, he looked over at Rachel’s bed.  He turned and looked around the room.
“Pardon me, nurse, where is Rachel Ritter?  I’m a close friend of her father’s, and I try to check in on her when he’s out of town,” he said.
“Rachel is upstairs getting a breathing treatment.  She should be back in about 15 minutes.  You are welcome to wait here for her, or I’ll tell her you were here, if you can’t wait that long,” Anne said.
“Thanks.  I can wait that long.  My name is John, John Williamson.  What’s your name?” he asked with a friendly smile.
“Hi, I’m Anne Lanford,” she answered.
“It’s nice to meet you, Nurse Anne. Hello, Tracie,” he said as he walked over and sat down by her bed.  “How are you feeling today?” he asked.
“I’m OK, but I can’t figure out this riddle.  Will you help me?” she asked.
“Well, let me see.  This must be a tough one if you can’t figure it out. ‘What’s black and white and red all over?’  Hum, I think I know that one.  Is it a newspaper?” he suggested.
“No, I guessed that already,” Tracie said.
 “I know two other answers to that one,” Anne volunteered with a smile
“What are they?” Tracie asked.
“It’s either a zebra with a sunburn or a skunk with diaper rash,” Ann said with a laugh.
John and Tracie looked at each other and laughed, “No way! That can’t be the answer,” Tracie said.
When they gave up and looked up the answer, they stared at Anne.  Anne laughed at their expression and grinned.
“Hey, you were right. It is a zebra with a sunburn,” John admitted.  “You’re pretty smart.  And you are very pretty, too.” He added with a chuckle.
“Thanks,” Anne said, “but I can’t take credit for figuring the answer out. I remember that one from when I was about Tracie’s age.  I just thought it was funny.”
As John and Tracie visited, Anne kept glancing over at the man sitting by Tracie.  She was amazed at how well he related with her.  Many adults come in and act so nervous and uncomfortable because they don’t know how to deal with a very ill child.  He seemed relaxed and talked to her normally.  Anne giggled when she heard them laughing over another one of the riddles.  He seemed to notice and understand instinctively what Tracie was feeling and needed.
When Rachel was wheeled into the room, he rushed over, lifted her up in his arms and spun her in a circle and then gently lowered her onto her bed.  Anne left to work with other patients in the next room.  She could hear them giggling and talking.  She walked back inside in time to see John entertain them with a magic trick.  He reached over and appeared to pull a quarter from their ear.  From her angle, Anne could see him palm the quarter, but it completely amazed the girls.  He stayed until it was about time for them to have dinner.  He walked over and gave each of them a hug and a peck on the cheek.  He said, "I’m sorry I have to leave, but I’ll be back in a few days.”
Anne thought to herself, “I wonder if he’ll keep that promise.  So many people say it, but don’t return.”  She watched him turn to leave.  At the door, he turned back and smiled at her, “It was nice meeting you, Nurse Anne.  Next time I’ll try to find a riddle that will stump you.  If I do, I expect a reward.  How about a cup of coffee in the cafeteria?” he asked with a playful wink.
“That sounds like a challenge to me,” Joan answered back.
About four days later, Anne walked into Rachel and Tracie’s room and saw John sitting between the beds drawing pictures with the girls.  He had brought in a large pad of drawing paper and two boxes of markers.  Tracie was quieter than usual because she had received another dose of chemotherapy the afternoon before.  John noticed her parched looking lips, so he brought her a glass of cold water.  She took a sip of water and started to gag.  John took the glass and sat it down on the tray.  Tracie started crying.  John sat beside her. He put his arm around her shoulder and held her until her tears stopped.  He took a tissue and wiped her eyes.  He hugged her and gave her a gentle kiss on the cheek.  He praised both girls for the beauty of their drawings.  He got some tape and proudly hung them on the wall below the TV set.
Anne began to look forward to the days when John would visit. Each time he came he challenged her to a riddle show down.  If he won, she had to go to the cafeteria and have a cup of coffee with him. It took three visits before he stumped her with a riddle.  Anne loved watching how well he related to the girls.  One day, she noticed that he had stopped by the boy in the next room and had brought him a small car and a magazine.  Gradually, he began to go in and visit other kids.  It seemed like the days he came were happier and brighter for everyone.
On the day Anne couldn’t answer his riddle, he laughed and smiled.  “Now you have to pay the piper.  When can you get away for a cup of coffee or iced tea?” he asked.	
“OK, you win.  I have a break in about 10 minutes if you can wait that long,” Anne said with a fake pouty frown.
“I’d gladly wait that long to collect my reward.  Just let me know when you are ready,” he said.
After finishing cleaning up the food trays in the three rooms where she routinely  worked, she came back in and said in a sad voice, “I’m ready to go,” she sighed hopelessly.
“No use trying to get my sympathy, I’ve been waiting a long time to get you to have coffee with me.  Come on,” he said as he took her arm and led her out of the room.  Anne heard the girls giggling when they walked out together.  He led her to the elevator and down to the cafeteria.
“Seriously, do you want coffee, tea, soda, milk or whatever else they serve here?  Get whatever you want.  I have waited a long time to get you out for coffee,” he said.
“You could have asked me sooner?  I had to deliberately miss your riddle question to get that free cup of coffee,” she laughed.  “Next time, just ask me.  I hate having the girls think I’m not ‘smart’ enough to know your riddles.” She laughed again when he started to choke on the coffee he had just sipped.
“So you missed my riddle on purpose?” he asked.
“Yes, I did.  How else could I get a free cup of coffee from a handsome gentleman?”
“So you think I’m handsome and a gentleman,” he asked.
Anne blushed and said, “Don’t all the ladies tell you that?” she shot back.
“Of course,” he answered, “but I like hearing you say it anyway.”
Anne smiled at him and said, “Actually, I’ve wanted to tell you how impressed I am with the way you relate to the children here.  You just seem to naturally sense how they feel and what they need.  So few people relate to sick children that way.  How did you get so good working with sick children?” Anne asked seriously.
“I spent a lot of time in hospitals when I was their age and younger.  I remember how bored and lonely I got.  I loved company who came in and treated me like I was normal.  I just try to treat them the way I wanted to be treated when I was their age,” John explained.
“Why were you in the hospital so much?” Anne asked.
When I was almost five, my family was in a bad car crash.  My mother was driving.  We were hit by a big truck.  I don’t remember much about the accident myself, but my mother, my older brother, and my baby sister all died.  I was very badly hurt with broken bones in my legs, arms, ribs, and back.  My dad wasn’t in the car.  I had a lot of surgeries and physical therapy.  My dad was devastated and never really got over losing his family that way.  He tried to be there for me, but he was so broken up.  He started drinking a lot.  About a year later, he met and married a woman from the bar.  I think she saw me as competition, because I reminded my dad of his old family.  I never felt like she liked me.  Sometimes I felt more love and attention when I was in the hospital than I did at home.  I came to love the nurses and visitors who came and took care of me.  I really admire nurses like you, who obviously love their patients.  I’m so thankful Rachel and Tracie have such a good nurse and a good friend in you,” he answered, taking her hand in his.
Anne smiled her thanks, “That was such a terrible thing for you to go through, John.  No wonder you can empathize with these children.  You are really so good with them.  They all look forward to your visits and, so do I.  I like watching you and seeing how they blossom when you are near them,” Anne said with a smile.  She gently squeezed his hand.
“I love visiting with the kids, but, to be totally truthful, I look forward to seeing you the most.  I love watching you with them.  If I had a nurse like you when I was a little boy, I wouldn’t have ever wanted to go home,” he admitted with a slow smile. 
After he left that day, Anne smiled and thought, “I hope he comes and we can go out for coffee again.  I really like him and enjoy talking to him.”
From that time on, John made it a point to ask Anne to go for coffee.  Sometimes, it worked well with her schedule and she gladly went with him.  Sometimes, she wasn’t able to get free and she reluctantly said no.
About a month before she found out about her father’s cancer, Rachel had responded well enough to the chemotherapy and radiation that her cancer was in remission.  She was finally allowed to go home.  Tracie had not responded well to any of the chemotherapy or radiation treatments.  The doctors had run out of ideas or treatments to try with her.  She was also allowed to go home.  Anne had grown so close to both girls and their mothers that they continued to communicate with each other after the girls had gone home.  Anne sent the girls cards and small gifts.  She called and wrote the mothers and tried to encourage and comfort them.  
After Rachel went home, John showed up two more times.  He and Anne went for coffee. Anne was surprised and pleased to see him again.  She thought from the way he talked and held her hand that he might ask her to go out with him.  Then he stopped coming.  Anne thought of him often and wondered how he was doing, but she didn’t know how to contact him.  She felt sad at losing his friendship.  She really enjoyed talking to him.
During her Leave of Absence, Ann spent most of her time talking with her dad.  They talked and worked on puzzles.  Anne cooked meals for him and they ate together.  They looked through old family photo albums.  When Richard saw pictures of his wife April, his eyes sparkled with tears.  She had died suddenly from a burst blood vessel in her brain.  Richard was shattered, but he picked up the pieces and turned his energy and love into raising Anne.  He had loved April so much that he had never dated or looked for love from another woman.  He survived the loss, but he never stopped loving April.
As the weeks passed by, Richard began having more difficulty eating.  The pain in his abdomen grew worse and worse.  Finally, he was taken to the hospital again.  Tests showed his colon was completely blocked by a tumor.  They operated, removed a large section of his bowel, and connected a colostomy bag to relieve the colon pain.  He hated having to use a colostomy bag, but Anne patiently worked with him.  She kept it clean and helped him through the tough times.  Gradually Anne took over more and more of his care.  Since she was used to working with terminally ill people, she encouraged him to talk freely about his feelings. As he grew progressively weaker, they spent quiet hours together.  Anne could see that he was rapidly running out of time, so they openly talked about death and dying.
“How are you feeling tonight, Dad?” Anne asked quietly.
“I’m tired, Anne, so very, very tired.  I know I don’t have much longer to live.  I am sorry that I won’t be here to help you and see you get married and have children, but I know you will be a wonderful wife and mother. I hope one day you will find someone as special as you to love and that you have children as wonderful as you have been to me. I am so very proud of you.  You are everything I ever wanted in a daughter.  You are so beautiful, just like April.  I can see her sweetness and gentleness in you. She loved you so very much. I don’t want to leave you, but I have loved and missed your sweet mother for so many years.  I believe when I die, I will go and be with her, and we will both be there waiting when your life is ending.  I’m trying to keep going, but I long to be with her, too,” he whispered brokenly. He hugged her close; Anne kissed his cheek and forehead and cried with him.
“Daddy, I love you so much.  You have been the best father anyone could ever have. You have been my strength, my dearest friend, my wise counselor, my joy, my everything.  I hate the thought of not being able to see you or talk to you, but I hate seeing you go through all this pain.  I know you have fought hard to stay here with me, but I want you to be with mom again.  She’s waited a long time for you. Don’t fight to live for me, Daddy.  When you are ready, go and be with Momma.  I love you and I’ll see you later,” Anne said as she gave him one last kiss. Later that night, Anne sat by his bed, holding his hand and watching him sleep.  He opened his eyes and smiled.  She leaned over to hear his words.
“Goodnight, Anne, I’ll see you later,” he mumbled.  His head dropped back on the pillow.  Anne felt his hand grow limp in hers. She touched his cheek, leaned over and kissed his forehead while tears flowed down her face and onto his chest.  He was gone on his way into eternity.  
Chapter 2
Anne looked up with a start when she heard a loud knock on the front door.  She glanced at her watch and realized she had dozed off.  The Thrift shop workers were at the front door.  She showed them what they were supposed to take.  She watched them remove the boxes and furniture from her dad’s house.  After they left, she walked through the house one last time, stepped outside and locked the door. Anne walked down the driveway, got into her old clunker, and drove over to the real estate office.  She finished signing the listing agreement and turned over the house keys.
 One part of her life had ended; now it was time to go back to finish her Practicum at St. John’s Children’s Hospital.  Anne’s apartment felt strange to her after being away from it for four months.  She unloaded the boxes she had packed from her Dad’s house and put them in the closet.
When Anne went back to her job at St. John’s Children’s Hospital, she threw herself back into the program. None of the patients she had worked with before were still there.  She got busy and began learning about each child in her care.  Occasionally she heard from Tracie and Rachel’s mothers.  Rachel was still doing well, but it seemed that Tracie was just hanging in, but was not doing very well.
Anne’s co-workers expressed their sympathy at her father’s death, but no one reached out in any practical way.  Anne’s life fell into a routine:  work her full shift, take extra shifts if needed, go home, eat something, and go to bed.  She longed to have someone to talk to, someone to see, just someone who cared that she was alive.
Day after day, Anne plodded away at her job.  The only thing that seemed to bring her joy was seeing one of her charges making progress.  She remembered John and what he had said about how important the nurses were to him when he was a seriously ill child.  Remembering John’s kind words, Anne began to gradually get her attitude back to where it had been.  She thought often of her father and frequently her thoughts turned to John.  She shook her head in amazement when she realized how much he had come to mean to her during those times when they had shared a cup of coffee.
When Anne’s Practicum was over, she was given her nursing certification.  She looked around the state of California and sent out resumes to several hospitals in the Los Angeles and San Francisco area.  The one reply that sounded most interesting to her was one from a small Children’s Hospital near Santa Monica.    It had a great reputation for quality care of its young patients, and they offered a salary high enough for her to be able to live fairly well.  She interviewed and was hired. She found a cute little apartment about two miles from her job at a reasonable rent, and she decided to move there.
Getting started at her first real nursing job was an exciting time.  There were so many things to learn and all new co-workers to get acquainted with.  A couple of the other nurses seemed to take her under their wing and help her get acquainted with the building, procedures, and staff.  Maybe because she was actually hired to work there, Anne felt more accepted.  She began eating lunch in the cafeteria and opened up more with her peers.  She enjoyed the friendly atmosphere and started feeling more comfortable.  She was a hard worker, an efficient nurse and soon had the respect of her peers.  She felt happy at work, but she still felt lonely when she went home.  In the past, she could always call her dad and he would cheer her up.  Of course, that was no longer possible.  It was in the evenings that she felt her loneliest and saddest.
Anne had only been working at the hospital about three months when she received a phone call from Tracie’s mother.  Anne could tell something was wrong as soon as she heard Hannah’s voice.  She could tell that she had been crying.
“Hannah,” Anne asked. “What’s wrong?”
“It’s Tracie,” she sobbed.  “She died this morning.  I knew she was feeling tired, but I didn’t realize how bad it was.  When I went in to see her this morning, she wouldn’t wake up.  The paramedics tried to bring her back, but it was too late.  I talked to her oncologist.  He thinks her heart gave out.  I knew it could happen at any time, but I never thought it would be this soon.  I know she isn’t hurting anymore, but I don’t know how to go on living without her.”
“Do you have any family nearby who can come and stay with you?” Anne asked.
“No.  My family is spread out all over the United States.  My mom and dad are in Idaho.  My brother is in North Dakota.  I don’t even know where my ex-husband is living now.  After Tracie got sick, he just pulled away from both of us.  I’ve been so tied up with taking care of Tracie; I haven’t had much time for friends.  I’m sorry to call you, but I didn’t know what else to do.”
“I’m so sorry to hear about Tracie.  I know how much you loved her.  Everyone who knew her loved her.  I just lost my father to cancer so I understand what you mean.  Even though we know it is going to happen, it is always a shock.  Would it help if I come up and see you?  If you want me to, I’ll drive up tomorrow and help you make the arrangements and help you get things in order,” Anne said.
“Would you really do that for me?  I hate to see you make that long trip, but I would love to have you here.  I know you loved Tracie, too,” Hannah cried.
“Give me directions on where you are located.  I’ll have to get in touch with my job so they can get someone to fill in for me.  I’ll call you before I leave tomorrow.  Please take a sleeping pill, if you have one, and get some rest.  I’m sure you are very tired.  Once you get some sleep, you’ll be able to handle everything better.  Take care of yourself.  I love you, Hannah,” Anne said.
Anne called the hospital nursing supervisor and explained, “A close friend of mine’s daughter died this morning.  She is all alone and has no family nearby.  I need to go up to her in San Jose and help her with this for a few days.  I’m sorry to leave you shorthanded, but I’ll work extra shifts when I come back to work.”
Anne could tell the supervisor wasn’t happy about her request, but she did give her permission to go.  Anne packed her suitcase and got ready to leave early the next morning.  The next morning, Anne loaded her suitcase into her clunker and headed out of the city.  She looked around as the city changed to open road.  Anne turned on the radio and searched for a station.  The radio was about the only thing in the car that still worked.  She noticed her odometer had turned over again.  “That means this car has gone over 200,000 miles in the twenty years we’ve had it.  I can remember when it was brand new. Momma loved it.  It was a bright yellow then.  Now it is a nondescript beige color. My family made countless trips to the beach and to Disneyland in it.  After Mom died, Dad drove it to work and to my high school activities.  When I got old enough to drive, he passed it down to me. By now, the Clunker had become a part of my family memory.  The big stain on the floor mat happened when Momma was taking spaghetti to a potluck dinner at church.  The car in front of her stopped quickly and the pot of spaghetti slopped over and drenched the mat.  My father said for months the car smelled like an Italian restaurant.  Now six years later, I’m still nursing this old clunker along.  It needs so much work, but hopefully it will hold out until Dad’s house sells.  Even though I love the memories we’ve made in this car, once I get the money from the sale of Dad’s house, I need to get something more reliable,” Anne thought.  Each time she filled it with gas, it was a little harder to start, but after a while, she always managed to get it going again.  She rarely took it out of the city, but today it chugged along just like always.
Anne reached San Jose about 3:30 pm.  She followed Hannah’s directions and felt a sense of relief when she pulled up in front of Hannah’s house.  It had been a long drive alone, and she was tired from the long journey.  When she climbed out of the car, Hannah opened the front door and hurried out to meet her.  She took Anne’s suitcase inside and put it in the guest bedroom.
After giving her a glass of iced tea, Hannah sat down across from Anne.  Her eyes were puffy from crying and she looked exhausted. She took Anne’s hand in hers and said, “Thank you for coming.  I don’t know how I would have managed without your help.  How can I ever thank you?”
“I hope I can help you. I just went through this with my father.  He had everything pretty well planned out, but I hope I can help you get through everything, not just the planning.  It is normal to feel lost and hopeless and lonely and angry .You will feel all these emotions and more as the days and weeks go by.  I can assure you that you are perfectly normal.  We have to take time to grieve and feel all these things; sometimes we just feel numb.  There will come a time when the pain begins to ease and you will return to calmer, more settled feelings.  It takes time and faith to get through a loss like this, but I know you can do it.  Death is a part of life.  It is when we go from one form into another.  Tracie will always live in our hearts, and one day when we reach the end of this life, we will see her again.  I truly believe this with all my heart,” Anne said.
The next day, they went to make funeral arrangements.  Anne sat quietly and encouraged her.  It wasn’t so much advice; it was having another person nearby that helped her get through the process.  They looked at pictures of Tracie’s life and shared favorite memories of her life.  As the memories came tumbling out, the tension and tiredness began to drain out of Hannah’s face.  Anne cooked simple meals, encouraged her to get some extra sleep, and spend time outside in the fresh air.  By the time Hannah’s Mom and Dad arrived from Idaho, Hannah had begun to relax and process things better.  When her brother flew in from North Dakota, the family gathered around her.  Seeing that she now had a loving support system, Anne got ready to drive back to Santa Monica.
When Anne walked out to leave, Hannah held her close for a long time.  She squeezed Anne’s hand and said, “Thanks for being a loving nurse and friend to Tracie.  She talked so much about you and a man called John and how you two helped make her time in the hospital so much brighter.  I appreciate all the cards and letters and gifts you sent her.  She loved getting mail and looked forward to talking to you on the phone.  I wish I could tell this man named John how much he helped her.  I hated having to leave her there alone.  I wanted to be there with her, but I had to work to pay the bills and to keep the insurance.  I can’t even begin to explain how much you helped me now and over the months she was sick.  I love you, Anne.  I’ll never forget you.  Drive carefully.”
“You’ll be in my thoughts and prayers, Hannah.  I’m so glad your family is here with you.  Together you will get through this.  Take care of yourself and each other and keep in touch,” Anne said.  She gave her another quick hug and then climbed into her car.  She drove through San Jose and then turned onto Highway 101 heading toward Los Angeles.  
It was a bright sunny day as she drove through the rolling hill near Salinas.  About 5 pm, she pulled off at a truck stop/gas station.  She asked the attendant to fill her tank with unleaded gas while she went in and used the restroom.  She came out and paid for the tank of gas.  When she turned the key in the ignition, the starter began cranking, but it wouldn’t start.  The attendant walked over and offered to look under the hood.  He poked around under the hood, checked the battery cables, oil level, spark plug wires.  No matter what he tried, the car just wouldn’t start.  When he looked at the odometer, he looked surprised at the low mileage. 
Anne explained it had just turned over and was really over 200,000 miles.  He shook his head.  “That may be why it isn’t starting.  Our mechanic is out on a call.  He’ll be here later this afternoon.  He can check it out for you then.  He’s the only mechanic along this stretch of road for more than 100 miles.  Even if he checks it out, it may need parts.  You might want to consider getting a room at the hotel down the block.  They usually have rooms this time of day, but fill up fast later.  I can have the mechanic check it out and call you at the hotel.  That’s about the best I can do,” he said apologetically,
“I guess I don’t really have much choice.  I can’t drive it, if I can’t get it to start.  How can I get to the hotel from here?” Anne asked.
“One of my workers can drive you over there, if you want.  Just let me get your name and phone number so we can call you as soon as we figure out what’s wrong with your car,” he said.
Anne thanked him for his help.  She got her suitcase out, climbed into the guy’s car and rode over to the hotel.  When she stepped out, she was surprised to see a very large well-landscaped hotel.  It had a café attached to it. The vacancy sign was lit and flashing.  She carried her suitcase through the front door and entered the lobby.  She heard loud voices coming from the bar.  Several men were inside drinking beer and playing pool.  The sound of music drifted out into the lobby area.  Anne felt awkward standing there alone.  She walked up to the registration desk and asked for a room for the night.  The clerk was a cheerful young man.  He asked how long she was staying.
“One night unless something unexpected happens,” she answered.  
The desk clerk gave her a strange look.  He put the key he had originally picked up back in the box and handed her another key.  “Your room is on this floor.  Go past the elevator, turn right and down to the end.  If you need anything, just call the desk.  I hope you enjoy your stay,” he added with a smile.
Anne took her suitcase and walked down to the last room at the end of the hall.  She unlocked the door, walked inside and locked the door behind her.  She looked around.  The room was nothing fancy, but at least it looked fairly clean.  She looked in the bathroom.  “This will do well enough for tonight.  I’m glad it is far away from the bar.  Hopefully it will be quiet enough to sleep in” She pulled out her cell phone and called her work.  She told them her car had broken down and that she was having trouble getting it fix.  She promised to let them know in the morning how soon she would be back.  She was feeling tired from the long drive and the tension of helping Hannah with her grieving.
Anne left her suitcase and purse sitting on the stand by the door and slipped off her shoes.  She lay down on the bed and decided to take a nap before going out to get something to eat at the café.  About two hours later, she awoke with a strange feeling.  She listened carefully to figure out what had awakened her.  She sat up quickly when she saw her room door being pushed open.  A large red-headed man lurched into her room.  When he saw her sitting on the bed, he smiled and said, “Hey, honey, are you ready to have some fun?”  He had a large full glass of beer in his hand.
“What are you doing in my room? Get out right now!” she ordered.
“Aw, come on,” he slurred.  “I know it’s early, but I want some fun.  Ready or not, here I come!”  He said as he staggered over towards her.  
Anne jumped off the bed on the far side of the bed.  She looked around for some way of escape. ”Get out or I’ll scream!” she yelled.
“Aw, nobody cares about screaming.  That’s part of the fun,” he said.
Anne waited until he had come around the corner of the bed.  She jumped across the bed, grabbed her purse, her suitcase and her shoes and sprinted for the door.  He staggered back and tried to grab her.  She swung her purse and hit him in the side of the head.  He reeled sideways, splashing his beer all over her dress. She dashed out the door and ran towards to desk.  She thought she heard him coming behind her down the hall.  When she rounded the corner, she tried to look back to see if he was still following her.  Instead she crashed into a tall sturdy object.  She yelled and lost her balance.  She was starting to fall when she felt two hands grab her upper arms and keep her from falling.  She tried to pull away, but the hands held her steady.
“Whoa, steady there,” a man’s voice stopped her.  “Where’s the fire?” he asked.
Anne turned quickly and looked up into the most welcoming dark brown eyes.  When their eyes met, they both exclaimed.
“Anne, Nurse Anne, what in the world are you doing here?” John asked.
“John, My God, I’m so glad to see you!” she gasped.
“I’m delighted to see you, too, but what’s going on?” he asked again.
“I was taking a nap in my room when this big drunk guy broke in.  He tried to grab me.  I managed to grab my things, hit him with my purse and get away,” she exclaimed.  “I think I heard him chasing after me.  That’s why I was running. I’m sorry I crashed into you.”
“Joe, check the hall,” he ordered. “I guess I should say it was good running into you,” he laughed.
“I can see you still have your sense of humor.  Thanks for catching me. I shudder to think what you would come up with if I had fallen at your feet,” she giggled back.
“There’s a tall red haired guy staggering this way,” he reported.
“That’s him,” Anne shuddered.
About that time, the drunk turned the corner and stopped with a puzzled look on his face.  “Does this mean you’ve already got plans?” he asked.
“She sure does.  If I catch you coming around my girl, I’ll make sure you won’t ever be able to do it again.  She’s with me.  Get lost,” he ordered, putting his hand on his gun.
The guy’s eyes got big as saucers, “Take it easy, man. I don’t want a fight.  I was just looking for some fun.  Sorry, ma’am,” he mumbled and staggered away.
John felt her trembling with fear, and noticed how shaken she was.  He put his arm around her shoulders and held her close.  “It’s all right now.  He’s gone, but this isn’t a good place for you to be, especially all alone and looking so pretty,” he added quietly.  “Just stay with us for now.  We’ll take care of you and keep you safe.  This is definitely not the place for you to be wandering around alone.”
He guided her into the elevator.  Once inside, he said, “Anne, this is my friend and business partner, Joe.  We have an important business meeting with a man in a few minutes.	He doesn’t like to be kept waiting.  Let’s just put your stuff in our room and come and get it later.”
John opened the door to room 388, and they walked inside.  He said, “I hate to rush you, but do you need to freshen up or change clothes before we go up to the lounge?”
  Anne looked at her reflection in the mirror. She saw the huge beer stain on her dress. She quickly grabbed her suitcase and disappeared into the bathroom.  She hurriedly washed off with a wet washrag, dried herself off, pulled a sun dress out of her suitcase, and slipped it over her head.  She grabbed her brush and smoothed her hair away from her face.  In just a couple of minutes, she was standing outside in the hall between John and Joe.  Both of them were broad shouldered, well-built, athletic looking men.  Joe appeared to be in his late forties.  John was closer to thirty.
John whistled when he looked at her changed appearance.  “That was a mighty quick change.  Now you look more like the woman I remembered.  I’ve wondered about you many times since the last time we met for coffee. I went back one time about a month after Rachel went home to say hello, but they said you were on a Leave of Absence.  I wanted to ask more, but they didn’t act very friendly.  I didn’t think I’d ever see you again.  This is a very pleasant surprise.”
Anne blushed. “They didn’t tell me you had stopped by when I went back to work there.  You’re right; they weren’t friendly there at all. I’ve wondered about you, too.”
Joe interrupted him. “You’d better tell her what to do or say before we get to the door.”
“Basically, just sit there and look pretty.  Don’t offer a lot of information.  I’m trying to get a job with this man.  The less you tell him about yourself or us, the better it is.  If he speaks to you, of course, answer back, but keep things light and happy,” he instructed.  “Do you understand?”
“Yes, I’ll just keep my eyes and ears open and my mouth closed,” she answered.
“Yes, that’s about right,” he smiled.  “Remember I always said you were smart.”
When they got to the door to the Cocktail lounge, Joe opened the door.  John put his arm protectively around Anne’s shoulder and walked inside.  It was dark inside except for the bar area and the stage.  A man sat behind a piano and played  ‘elevator music', as some young people refer to music of the forties. There were lit candles on each table in holders that looked like cheap stained glass lanterns. A layer of stale cigarette smoke hung like a brown cloud at the ceiling level.
John spoke to the host.  Soon they were escorted to a large overstuffed curved booth near the back of the room.  Booths with deep crimson upholstered seats and back cushions lined the outer walls.  Wooden tables that would seat 4-6 people filled in the remaining area between the booths and the lighted stage.  A group of musical instruments were arranged on the stage indicating that there might be live music later that night.  
 Anne loved watching people and she took the scene in at one glance.  There were five women sitting alone at the bar.  Based on the way they were dressed, she wouldn’t have described them as ladies.  Along the bar, there were several groups of men standing in groups of two and threes.  The women appeared to be ignoring the men who were obviously staring at them.  From time to time, one of the men would go over, sit down next to a woman and begin talking to her.  As Anne watched them covertly, she saw the man pull out money and slip it to the woman.  Then both would get up and leave together.  In a little while, first the man and then the woman would wander back in and go back to where they had been sitting or standing.  Although she had never openly observed the activity before, she easily figured out the women were doing a booming business selling their personal favors.  Although she was repulsed by the idea of what they were doing, she was fascinated watching the business being conducted so openly.  There were a lot more men than women in the place.  Anne felt glad that John left his arm around her shoulder.  She would never have come to a place like this, but that just added to her curiosity. She saw a group of men, all huskily  built, standing talking to the bartender.
Anne turned and put her head against John’s shoulder.  He looked down at her face and smiled.  From here, Anne could clearly see a group of tables she had missed before.  One table had three men seated at it.  They kept glancing around and whispering.  They reminded Anne of police shows she had watched with her dad that showed criminals plotting nervously to commit a crime.  The one man in the middle was especially interesting to watch. He was smaller.  His chin was sharply pointed, and he wore dark glasses even in the dimly lit room.  He had on a bright red vest and a dull gray sports coat.  He looked nervous and uncomfortable. The man to his left wore a dark suit and a strange multicolored tie.  He looked around quickly, almost twitching with nervous excitement.  The other guy, wearing an out-of-style dark suit, kept puffing a cigarette, barely finishing one before lighting another.  He was a true chain smoker.  As Anne covertly watched them, she automatically began reading their lips.
Lip reading had been such a part of her life and education that she dropped into it without even thinking about it.  She had worked extensively with deaf children and had helped train them to use lip reading as part of their communication skills.  She had developed great skill over the years.  Sometimes, when she was bored, just for fun of eavesdropping, and to keep in practice, she would tune in on strangers’ conversations.  As she focused on this nervous trio, she began picking up pieces of their conversation.  Suddenly, her attention was captured by the words she was ‘seeing’.  The man in the red vest was reviewing a plan.  He mentioned that they had to kill him tonight so they could get back to the airport and catch their charter flight out to Chicago.  The guy with the funny tie kept asking when should we take him out.  They agreed it would be stupid to kill him here with so many witnesses.  They decided to ‘wait until just before closing time’.  One at a time they would leave and wait in the hallway by the elevator.  “When Mr. M leaves, we’ll be waiting around the corner by the elevator.”  They figured, he’d have ‘three guys with him, but they had plenty of firepower to take them all out.
Anne sat there in shock at what she had just observed.  She looked up at John.  He was still talking to the older man seated next to him.  Joe was seated on the other side of the older man they were meeting.  Anne kept glancing around wondering who the three men had been talking about.  They needed to get out of the lounge before it happened, no matter who the target was.
When there was a pause in the conversation at the table, Anne reached up and touched John’s chin.  He turned and looked down into her eyes.  She whispered, “John, please ask me to dance.  I have to talk to you now.  It’s very important,” she begged.  He saw her eyes were wide and he sensed the urgency of her words.
He turned to the old man and said, “My girl wants a dance.  Would you excuse me for a minute or two?”
The old man looked closely at Anne for the first time and noticed the fresh beauty of her face.  “Sure, you got to keep the lady happy.  She’s a real beauty,” he added.
A small jazz trio was playing now, as John led her out to the dance floor.  He put his arms around her and pulled her close.  She laid her head against his chest and spoke softly into his ear.
“Please don’t turn around and look, but there are three men sitting at a table behind you that are planning to kill someone in this room tonight,” she whispered.
John looked down at her pale face.  “How do you know that?” he asked quietly.
“I’m an expert lip reader.  I’ve been watching people while I was sitting next to you.  One group of men has been discussing a plan to shoot a Mr. M or M something when he leaves tonight to go to his office.  I couldn’t catch the exact name.  They all have ‘plenty of firepower, semiautomatic weapons.’ They expect he will have three guys with him and they are ready to kill all of them.  They have been sent by someone in Chicago.  They have a private charter airplane at McGray or McGrath airport to get them away tonight.  We have to get out of here or we may be caught in the crossfire,” she urged him.
John slowly spun her around so he could see the men she was talking about.  He looked over her head and sized up the men.
“How sure are you about what you saw and read?” he asked urgently.
“I’ve testified in court and have worked with lip reading for years.  I wouldn’t make up a story like this if it weren’t true,” she protested.
“Just keep quiet while we go back to the table.  I’ll take care of you and us.  Do you trust me?” he asked.
“Yes, I do,” she murmured by his ear.
John led her back to the booth.  He slid in and drew her in beside him.  He smiled and turned to the old man sitting in the middle.  “Marco, you have some enemies here tonight.”
Marco looked at him and said, “I probably have enemies everywhere tonight.”
“Please don’t look around.  Right now there are 3 men fully armed sitting at a table in this room that are planning on killing you tonight,” John repeated.
“That’s not a funny joke,” Marco said slowly.
“It isn’t a joke.  I am telling you what I just learned,” John said.
“How do you know this information?” Marco asked suspiciously.
“Anne, my girlfriend, is an expert lip reader. While she’s been sitting here, she’s been watching people.  She read what they were saying.  They are planning to kill you when you leave here tonight.  They are all armed with semiautomatic weapons.  Someone from Chicago hired them.  After they kill you, they have a rental car waiting in the back parking lot to take them to McGray or McGrath airport to a charter plane that is waiting there for them,” John stated quickly.
Marco stared at Anne. “Is what he is saying true? Can you really read lips that accurately?  Is this the truth?” he asked staring intently at her.

Anne flushed and said, “I can’t tell you if what they said was true or not, but I do know what they said to each other.  I think it is truth, because why would they sit here and whisper details of a false plan to kill someone.  I swear what I saw them saying is accurate, but sometimes lips tell the truth, but those same lips can also tell lies.  All I can swear to is what I saw their lips say, but I certainly wouldn’t make up a story like that!”
Marco looked around and said, "Are you sure of what you learned from watching them.?”
“Yes, I know what they said.  It was basically what John told you.  I couldn’t swear to the name of the airport, but the  rest I am sure I observed correctly,” Anne said.
“What you say makes a lot of sense.  Most people can tell both truth and lies. Sometimes their lips lie, but other times they tell the truth. Do you see that big guy standing by the bartender.  What is he saying right now?”
Ann looked over and watched him for a minute.   “May I paraphrase it?  I don’t usually use that kind of language,” she added with a blush.
“Don’t worry about the language.  Tell me exactly what he just said,” he ordered.
“He said, ‘Look at the big titted bitch over there.  Her boob job looks like shit, but I’ll bet it increases her business’,” Anne reported blushing a deep shade of red.
Marco signaled and the man came walking over to the table.  “Luigi, tell me exactly what you just said to the bartender,” he ordered.
“I was just talking about that tall blonde at the end of the bar,” Luigi admitted.
“No.  Tell me word for word what you just said.  Don’t try to clean it up to make yourself look better.  This is important,” he repeated.
“As far as I can remember, Boss, I said, ‘Look at that big titted bitch over there.  Her boob job  looks like shit, but I bet it increases her business’,” he repeated.
Marco laughed out loud.  “Luigi, listen close.  This is important.  Don’t look at the back door. There’s a table with three men, the middle one has on a red vest.  They’ve been sent here to kill me tonight when I leave.  You and all the others go outside.  When you hear the band do a drum roll and say they have a big announcement, come in the back door, grab them and take them to the basement.  Have a little talk with them.  They probably all have semiautomatic weapons.  After you have them locked away, come and tell me.”
Luigi said, “Are you sure, boss?”
“I ‘m not sure if it is true or not, but I can’t take the chance to just ignore what I heard.  Take them out and question them.  Then come back and let me know what you’ve learned,” Marco ordered.
“Sure boss. I’ll take care of it.”  He walked over and motioned for all three of the guys at the bar to leave with him.  
Marco signaled the bartender.  “In a minute or two, walk over to the band and tell the band leader to do a drum roll and announce that because it is this little lady’s birthday, everyone who comes to the bar right now will get a free drink.  That should divert their attention.”
The bartender walked over and spoke to the bandleader.  When the band leader made the announcement, the people at all the tables rushed up to the bar.  The four bouncers grabbed the three men and hauled them outside.  No one except for Marco’s table noticed a thing. 
Chapter 3
About 10 minutes later, Luigi strolled back in and came over to Marco. “You’re a genius, Boss.  I don’t know how you did it, but we caught them, and, with a little persuasion, they decided to sing.  They are locked up in the basement when you are ready to talk to them.  Once we told them we knew about their airplane and that they were sent by their boss in Chicago, they figured they’d been set up.”
Marco looked directly at Anne and realized she had saved his life.  He was amazed that she had been there at just the right time to see what she had seen.  She was pale and trembling.  She kept looking down at the table.  He said, “Let’s get her out of here and into a quieter place.  She looks like she’s going to faint.”
John helped her out of the booth.  He put his arm tightly around her shoulders and escorted her out into the hall.  Marco led them the down the hall to the elevator.  They went to the top floor and he opened the door to his suite.  John led her over to a large overstuffed chair, and she sat down.  He stood behind her with his hand resting on her shoulder.
Marco poured a small glass of a deep red drink.  He gave it to her and said, “Drink this.  It will help you feel better.”
Anne looked at it warily.  When she looked up, Marco smiled at her, and she took a sip.  It was strong, and she coughed, but it did warm up her insides and made her feel less nervous.  Slowly she drank the rest.  He refilled it and told her to drink a little more.  She drank again.
“Who are you, my angel?  It seems a miracle to me that you would be here tonight and save my life.  Tell me about yourself,” he urged her.
She looked up at John, and he smiled and nodded.  “I don’t know what to tell you, because I’m not sure how I got to be here either.  It is a long story.  We were both saved by miracles tonight,” she began shyly.
She explained how she had met John at the children’s hospital several months ago, how they had become friends, and how they had lost contact with each other.
“I thought you two came here together,” Marco said.
“No, I was coming back from a funeral in San Jose.”  She looked over at John and said, “Do you remember Rachel’s little friend Tracie Austin?”  After he nodded yes, she continued, “Her mother called me a few days ago.  She died suddenly, and Hannah was all alone and distraught, and I volunteered to go the San Jose to help her through the rough first days until her family could fly in.  Hannah wanted to thank you for how kind you were to Tracie when she was in the hospital.  Rachel and Tracie loved it when you visited them.  They talked about you a lot after they went home.  Sorry, I was afraid I’d forget to tell you about that.  After I left her house this morning, I stopped at the service station near here for gas.  When I tried to leave, my car wouldn‘t start.  The mechanic is supposed to call me and let me know how much it will cost to get it fixed.  I need to get back to my job.  I’ve only worked at that hospital a few weeks, and I don’t really have time to take off.  Darn! I just realized my cell phone is turned off so he may have already tried to reach me.  In the meantime, I was driven here to get a place to stay for the night.  I need to turn my phone on in case he tries to call.  I’m sorry I’m rambling, but I’m having trouble concentrating,” Anne apologized.
“You’re doing fine, angel.  How did you get together with John?” Marco asked.
“That’s another miracle.  I was taking a nap in my room when this big drunk guy forced his way into my room.  He tried to grab me to ‘have some fun’, as he put it.  I managed to get out of the room.  I was running to the desk to get help, and I literally crashed into John and Joe standing by the elevator.  We hadn’t seen each other in several months.  He and Joe chased the drunk off.  It was getting late, and they said they had to meet someone.  They suggested that I stay with them, until their meeting was finished, because they didn’t want me to be left alone here. So that’s how I ended up sitting at your table.  It is all one strange coincidence or miracle after another.”
Marco refilled Anne’s glass.  She was much more relaxed as she sipped the fiery red liquid.  While they were sitting there, Anne’s cell phone rang. When she answered it, she heard the mechanic’s voice. He said, “I just got finished looking at your car.  It is so old I don’t even know if I can get parts to fix it.  My attendant says you told him you have more than 200,000 mile on it, and you are the original owner.  If we can get parts, it will take several days to get them delivered here.  It will cost you at least $3200 to get it running.  That’s a lot more than the blue book value.  What you need to do is junk it and get a different car.  I’d be happy to come over to your room tonight and see if we can work out some kind of a special deal for you,” he offered.
“No, not tonight.  I’ll have to think about this and figure out what to do.  I don’t have that kind of money, but I really need to get back home.  I’ll call you in the morning,” she said as she hung up the phone.
John asked her, “Well, what’s the story?  What’s wrong with your car?”
“He said it was too old and broken down to fix.  He said it would be at least $3200 to get it running and that is a lot more than its blue book value.  He said he couldn’t guarantee how long the repairs would last.  I know I need to get a newer car.  Once my father’s house sells, I’m planning to get a newer car.  I put his house on the market a few weeks ago after he died.  Hopefully, it will sell soon.  Until then, I guess I’m back to riding the city bus.  That is, once I get back to the city,” she said with a sigh.
“I didn’t know your dad died.  How long has he been gone?” John asked.  
Anne’s eyes filled with tears. “He died about two months ago.  That’s why I took the Leave of Absence so I could take care of him.  I stayed with him the last 5 months of his life.  It has been very hard the last few months since he got sick and died.  He was all the family I ever really knew,” she said softly, tears running down her cheeks.
John put his hand on her shoulder; Anne reached up and squeezed it.  He knelt down beside her chair.  He looked into her eyes, “You’ve really had a rough time.  I wish I had known.  I would have been there to help you.  Let me help you now,” he offered.
Marco interrupted, “Let me talk to the mechanic.  I’ll see what the story is and get your car situation fixed.  That’s the least I can do after what you did for me tonight.  Let’s get together in the morning.  It is very late tonight, and I can see that Anne is about to fall asleep sitting in the chair.  Where are you staying tonight?”
“We’re in Room 388.  I’ll take care of Anne tonight,” John said quickly.  “We’ll make sure she is safe and gets undisturbed sleep.”
Marco handed John a slip of paper with his private phone number.  “Have Anne call me in the morning, and we’ll meet to get this straightened out.  Luigi will escort you to your room.”
When Luigi returned a few minutes later, he led Marco down to the basement to question the men he had detained.  He wanted to get more information from them.  He had been impressed by Anne’s skill at lip reading, but he wanted to be sure the plot had not been staged by John and Joe to get in his good graces.  He talked to the hit men individually, so he could compare their stories and decide if they were being truthful.  After thoroughly questioning each of the men, he was convinced they had really been caught because of Anne’s lip reading skills.
After talking to the men he had caught, he went back to his office.  He placed a call to a contact in Chicago to see if he had heard anything about a plot to kill him.  He had some connections with two mobs in that area, but he wasn’t aware of any problems with either of them.  After talking to his contact, he learned someone had blamed him for a problem with a missing drug shipment.  He called the two mob bosses and talked frankly to the men who might be involved.  He convinced them that he had nothing to do with the missing drug shipment.  He informed them that he had stopped the men that ‘someone’ there had apparently sent to kill him, but he didn’t explain how he had learned about the plot.
 He said, “I think someone is trying to stir up trouble between us.  I assure you I have never interfered with your business dealings.  I have more than enough territory here to keep me busy.  I have no hard feelings, because I believe you were lied to.  I’ll send your men back to you on your charter airplane.  It was not their fault the plan failed.  They had broken through my security lines.  If it weren’t for the intervention of an angel, they would probably have succeeded.  I could have the killed them, but I’m returning them to show that I hold no grudges.  They will be on their way in a couple of hours.  Be sure to tell your pilot so he will wait for them,” he added.
The next call he placed was to the mechanic at the gas station.  When the mechanic answered the phone and recognized Marco’s voice, he started shaking because he knew the attendant had sabotaged Anne’s car.  He planned to look her up at the hotel and take advantage of her.  He decided to keep that information to himself, unless it would get him off the hook.
“What is the story about Anne Lanford’s car?  She is a close personal friend of mine.  What’s going on with her car?” Marco asked.
“Did she tell you about her car?  It really isn’t worth fixing.  It has been in her family 20 years.  It has over 200,000 miles on it.  It is a wreck!  I don’t know how she’s kept it running all these years.  It needs a new engine, transmission, air conditioner, and lots more.  I really doubt if we can locate all the parts it needs.  Even if we could fix it, it would still be a piece of junk.  I don’t know what else to tell you, Mr. M.  What do you want me to do?” he asked in a panic. 
“Just hang on to it.  It doesn’t sound like it’s worth fixing.  I’ll take care of it from here, but it does seem strange that she was able to drive it into your shop, just buy gas, and then not be able to get it started again.  What do you have to say about that?” he asked suspiciously.
“Sometimes strange things happen,” the mechanic admitted.  “Mistakes are made.  Certain wires get cut accidentally or water gets into the gas tank,” he hinted.
“That’s what I figured.  You’d better stop allowing mistakes like those, or there will be a new manager and mechanics at that garage!” he thundered.
Early in the morning, Marco placed a call to a business associate of his in Hollywood who owned a car dealership.  “This is Marco.  How are you doing in your car business?” he asked.  
“Things are good here.  What do you need?” the car dealer asked.
“I’m looking for a really good reliable used car for a friend.  No, I’d prefer a lightly used car.  Something not too fancy, but very well-taken care of for a young woman to drive. What do you have that fits that description?”
Marco listened to the dealer describe four cars that might be good choices.  He listened and jotted down each description.  The first car about two years old.  It had less than 13,000 miles.  It was a four door sedan with air conditioning, high quality stereo radio/CD system, leather seats, cruise control, power windows and locks. It had a sporty sun roof and was deep red.  
The second car was a one year old sporty two-door convertible.  It had 11,000 miles, nice radio and CD player.  It was yellow with black racing stripes and a powerful V-8 engine.  
 The third car was a SUV.  It was one year old, had 16,000 miles, and a V-8 engine.  It was fully loaded with all the fancy features like a built in DVD player in the back seat, air conditioning units for front and back seats.  It was light blue with tan interior.  
The fourth car was the current year’s model two door sedan.  It had 7,000 miles on it.  It was equipped with air conditioning, stereo radio/CD player, GPS unit, power windows and power locks, cruise control, and was silver with light blue interior.
Marco said, “I’m not sure which one she will want.  I’ll send her to you.  Show her these cars and let her choose the one she wants.  I’ll pay you for whatever car she chooses. Don’t ask for or allow her to pay for anything.  Include the best service plan you have.  She deserves the best, but I don’t think she would accept a new car.  Don’t even let her know how much the car costs.  I want her to get exactly what she wants,” he added.
Marco jotted down the information on the cars and the dealer’s name, address and phone number.  He stuck it in a folder ready to give to Anne when she came to see him.  He hoped she’d accept his gift of the car.  He thought about her and smiled as he imagined her looking at the cars and choosing the one she liked best.  “I wish I could watch her when she sees them.  I wonder which kind of vehicle she’ll choose,” he thought happily.
After being excused by Marco last night, John reached down, pulled Anne up on her feet.  She was wobbly, so he put his arm around her and guided her out of the suite and down to his room on the third floor.  When they were in the elevator, she leaned heavily against him.  He looked in her eyes and realized, she wasn’t just sleepy; she was really tipsy.  When they got into the room, he steered her over to a chair and she sank down into it.  
Joe asked, "Now what?”
John looked at Anne slouched down in the chair.  “There’s no way I’m going to leave her alone in any room in this place.  Remember what happened earlier”
Joe suggested, “There are two beds here.  Why don’t I go sleep in her old room?  She still has her room key.  You could sleep in one bed; she could sleep in the other.  That way we’d each have our own bed, and she wouldn’t be left alone.”
“That sounds like a good plan.  I’ll make sure she’s safe from everyone, including me,” he vowed.
Joe got his suitcase and went down to Anne’s old room.  He locked the door and then slid a chair under the door knob to keep other wandering drunks out.
John looked down at Anne dozing in the chair.  He lifted her up and carried her to the bed.  He pulled off her shoes and gently shook her awake.  He pulled a nightgown out of her suitcase.  “Come on. Anne, you need to get ready for bed,” he urged.  She was so looped, she began pulling her clothes off and dropping them on the floor.  John turned his back, but he clearly saw her reflection in the bathroom mirror. He stared in fascination as he watched her undressing.  He gazed in wonder at the beautiful perfection of her body.  Slowly she pulled the gown over her head, shielding her naked body from his admiring gaze.
He turned the covers down and tried to lay her down on the bed.  Anne reached up and put her arms around his neck.  She began to tremble and she clung to him, “Please, don’t leave me alone here tonight.  I’m so scared and nervous,” she begged.  “Please hold me until I go to sleep.”
John looked down at her face.  He felt her body nestled against his.  Her mouth was slightly parted.  Like a magnet drawing iron filings, he felt this mouth being drawn down lower and lower until his lips covered hers.  She stirred in his arms and he parted her lips and tasted the warm sweetness of her mouth.  She moaned and moved closer to his body.  She sank back down on the bed, pulling him down on top of her. He lay there feeling his body pressing against hers.  She felt so warm and delightful.  He longed to possess her.  He felt every fiber of his being wanting desperately to reach out and make love to her.  The smell of her hair and the warm fragrance of her body filled him with intense desire.  His whole body screamed for fulfillment that only her body could provide.  He stared at her sweet innocent face  He wanted her so much.  He knew she would not resist him or refuse him anything that night.  For a moment, he tottered on the edge of his passion and desire.  With a groan, he forced himself to move away from her delightfully ready body.  He slipped out of her embrace and covered her body with a blanket.  He gently bent down and kissed her one last time.
He left her sleeping there and went in and took a cold shower.  He gradually regained control of his body, before he climbed into the other bed and tried to get to sleep.  Even back when they met for coffee at the children’s hospital, he had felt much more for her than he had ever allowed himself to think about or admit. After tossing and turning, he finally realized the real reason why he had not taken her there that night.  He respected her and he was in love with her.  He was afraid if he took advantage of her helplessness and had made love to her that night, she would never forgive him, trust him, or see him again.  He didn’t want her body for just one night.  He wanted all of her for the rest of his life.  He wanted to make love to her forever.  He wanted to possess her, to love her, to live with her, to marry her, and to spend the rest of his life loving her.
What he wanted most in the world was her love, but as long as he was involved with Marco, he knew he could never tell her how much he loved her.  One day, when the job was all over and finished, he would tell her and ask her to marry him.  Until then, it wasn’t safe to let her get too close.  He had been able to stop this time, but he was afraid he would not be able to stop if he touched her again.  He lay for a long time listening to her breathe until he finally fell into a restless sleep.
About 8 am, the phone rang; John quickly reached over and grabbed it on the second ring.  He looked over and saw Anne was still sleeping peacefully in the other bed.
“Hello,” he answered quietly.
“John, this is Joe.  Sorry to call so early, but I wasn’t sure what our plans are for today.  Are we going to have a chance to talk to Marco about getting together with him?  Our boss, Bob Watson, just called about our progress, and I didn’t know what to tell him,” Joe said.
“I don’t know how what happened last night will affect our chance to get into his organization.  This isn’t something we can rush.  We have to be patient and get his trust before he’ll open up to us.  If Bob isn‘t satisfied with what we are doing or how we are doing it, tell him to get someone else to take over this assignment.  I’m burned out, and you can tell him that for me,” John growled.
“Hey, don’t bite my head off.  I’m just the messenger.  I know the danger and how careful we have to be.  This isn’t my cup of tea either, but I think we can do a better job than anyone else in our department.  That’s the only reason I’m still hanging in here,” Joe replied.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to snap at you.  I don’t like having Anne mixed up in this.  I sure don’t want to see her get hurt or messed up with this place.  She is really a very sweet and innocent girl.  I’ll feel better when we get her out of this place,” John explained.
“How is she doing this morning?” Joe asked.
“She’s still sleeping.  I want to let her get a little more rest.  She’s really had a rough time the last few months.  I feel sorry for her being exposed to that whole mess last night.  It amazed me that she could read lips like that.  She may have saved our lives as well as Marco’s.  If we had left with him last night to go to his office, we’d probably be dead now.  I want to get her out of here as soon as possible,” John said.
“I’m going down to the café and get some coffee and read the newspaper.  Give me a call when you figure out what to do,” Joe said.
When John hung up the phone, he looked over and drank in the beautiful sight of Anne’s sleeping in the other bed.  He wanted so much to walk over and touch her and kiss her awake.  She was an incredible Sleeping Beauty, but he was the first to admit that he was no Prince Charming. While he was watching her, she sighed and stirred in her sleep.  He walked over and looked down at her.  She moved restlessly and the cover slipped down revealing her breasts hidden only by the sheerest lacy material.  He forced himself to walk away.  He sat down at the table and waited for her to wake up. He heard her moving and he looked over at her again.
Anne opened her eyes and stretched lazily.  She looked over and saw John sitting at the table.  She was momentarily disoriented.  Slowly vague memories of the previous night began drifting into her consciousness.  She couldn’t connect all the thoughts.  As she grew wider awake, it suddenly dawned on her that she was lying in bed and John was in the room with her.  She glanced down and saw she was in her nightgown.  She couldn’t remember much of anything after leaving the bar with John, Joe, and Marco.  Her memory of the events of the afternoon and evening began falling into place.  Her head felt fuzzy and it was hard for her to fully awaken.  She pulled the blanket up covering her partially exposed body.  Her mind was full of disjointed memories.  Or were they just fragments of dreams?  Some of them were more vivid than others, but she struggled to understand what had happened during the night.
She looked over and saw John was watching her. She struggled to sit up but felt dizzy.  He looked at her and smiled.  “How are you feeling this morning?” he asked.
Anne smiled shyly and said, “I don’t know.  I can’t get my mind to fully wake up?  What time is it, and how did I end up here in this room?  
“I’m not surprised that you are feeling fuzzy this morning,” John said.  “Here’s a cup of coffee.  It might help you get your mind unconfused.”
Anne took the cup of warm coffee and took a drink.  She suddenly remembered drinking a red liquid last night that had warmed her and relaxed her.  She smiled, “Thanks, that does help.  I’ve never had this much trouble waking up before.  I don’t know why I feel so groggy,” she added.
“I think I can explain a lot of it,” he said.  “Last night, did you eat dinner?”
“I don’t think so.  I was taking a nap and somebody came in my room.  I remember running down the hall and bumping into you. Then we went to a nightclub.  I didn’t eat dinner there, did I?”
“That’s part of the problem.  You were also very tired from driving to San Jose and from San Jose to here and from the nervous tension of helping Tracie’s mom.  Then you had car trouble and ended up staying here at this hotel.  After the excitement at the nightclub last night, Marco gave you something to drink.  I’m not positive, but I think it was some very old, very strong brandy.  I’ll bet you don’t normally drink alcohol, do you?  Truthfully, you had passed out last night by the time we got here to the room.  In your condition, there was no way we would leave you alone in a room in this place, not after your run in with the drunken man.  You were overtired, had no food in your stomach, and you drank three glasses of strong liquor.  To put it mildly, you were totally drunk.” John explained with an amused chuckle
“Now it’s beginning to come back to me, but there are still lots of gaps in my memory,” Anne said blushing.
“What do you want to know?  I’ll tell you the truth if you want me to,” John said.
“Please tell me the truth.  Always tell me the truth.  I can’t remember what happened after I got into this room.  I have vague memories, but I can’t tell what is real and what is dream.  I don’t know if I did anything I…” she stammered and stopped.  She looked like she was about to cry.
“Anne, you didn’t do anything wrong.  After we were in the room, I woke you up.  You got undressed and I tucked you in your bed.  I slept in the other bed.  Joe slept in your old room.  I wanted to sleep with you, but if I took advantage of you when you were helpless and vulnerable, I’d be worse than that drunk who broke into your room.  You are very beautiful, and I am a man.  I’ll be honest, I wanted to make love you, but you are my friend, someone I care about and respect.  You asked me to hold you until you fell asleep, because you were feeling scared and upset by all that had happened.  I did hold you close until you fell asleep, and I kissed you goodnight.  You did nothing wrong.  You have nothing to be embarrassed about or ashamed of.  Does that clear things up for you?” he asked gently.
She looked at him with tears in her eyes.  He sat down on the bed beside her.  He gently wiped away her tears.  “Do you have any other questions?” he asked.
“No, John.  Thanks for being my friend and my protector.  I don’t know what to say except thank you,” she murmured.
“Joe went down to get some coffee and breakfast.  When you feel up to it, we can go down and see if Marco is ready to talk to us.  He was going to check on your car.  Hopefully, he can get it fixed for you.  If your car can’t be fixed, Joe and I are driving back to Los Angeles today and we can drive you home.  I won’t leave you stranded here alone.  Now that I found you again, I don’t want to lose contact with you.  I hope you’ll let me be your friend when we get back home.  I’ve really missed our talks over coffee.  Maybe you’d even allow me to take you out to dinner.  I am so sorry I wasn’t there when your father died.  Can we be friends?” he asked humbly.
“We already are friends.  You’re my very special, dear friend, John.  Only a true friend would have taken such good care of me last night.  I’ve missed talking to you so much.  I wanted to find you, but I wasn’t sure how to do it.  Sometimes I feel so lonely and long for someone safe to talk to.  I hope we can still be friends and see each other when we get back to LA,” she said.
“I’d love to see you and talk to you, Anne.  You are very special to me. I want us to become even closer friends,” John admitted.  He looked at his watch and asked, "Do you want me to get out while you get out of bed and get dressed?” 
“I’ll just get in and take a quick shower and get dressed in the bathroom.  You’re welcome to stay here.  After all, it is your room,” she added with a laugh.
John turned away while she got out of the bed.  She had left her suitcase in the bathroom, so she scooted in and in a short time, John heard the shower running.
John shook his head as he thought about what he had told Anne.  It was correct, Anne had not done anything she would be ashamed of, but he had not told the absolute truth.  He wasn’t nearly as noble as she believed.  He could remember every detail from feeling her warm and alive under his body.  He was honest enough to admit that he did not regret anything he had seen or felt while she was lying in the bed last night.  He would treasure the memory of her body and the sweet kisses they had shared.  It only made him want to win her love so he could complete what he had wanted to do that night.
John was still lost in those forbidden thoughts when Anne walked out of the bathroom.  She was dressed in a pair of cream colored slacks with a blue scoop-necked sweater with seed pearls around the neckline.  The color of her top brought out the beautiful blue shade of her eyes.  She had pulled her hair back into a French braid down her back.  She looked so gorgeous, he whistled when he saw her.
“Thanks for the whistle.  I needed that this morning,” she laughed.
She walked over and hugged him.  He breathed in the sweet floral smell of her perfume.  He hugged her and held her a moment longer than necessary for a friendly hug.  He looked at her mouth and started to kiss her.  When he started to pull back, she touched his face and brought her lips up to meet his.  She kissed him tenderly.  “Good morning, John.  Thanks for being my friend.”
“Does this mean we can be ‘kissing’ friends?” John asked with a smile.
She kissed him again.  “I guess it does,” she added with a playful wink.  
John handed Anne the slip of paper Marco had given  to him last night.  She read it carefully and picked up the room phone.  She dialed Marco’s private number.
“Good morning, my angel,” he said when he heard her voice.  “Have you eaten yet?  I’ll meet you and your friends in the café in 15 minutes.  We can talk about your car over breakfast,” he suggested.
“That sounds great to me,” Anne said before hanging up the phone.  “I hope you don’t mind, but Marco suggested meeting for breakfast at the café.  He said he had some information about my car.  Is that OK with you?” she asked.
“Sure.  I’ll call and let Joe know.”  John called Joe’s cell phone and they agreed to meet in the lobby in ten minutes.  When they met in the lobby, John said, ‘Meeting Marco for breakfast was great.  We didn’t even known if Marco was going to talk to us about our business proposition.  This is more than we had hoped for.  We are thrilled to be included.” 
Joe, John, and Anne sat in the lobby for a few minutes, not wanting to arrive at the café too early.  As they waited, Luigi, one of Marco’s body guards, walked up to them.  
He walked over and spoke quietly to Anne.  “I want to apologize for my language last night.  I’m sorry that it embarrassed you.  Of course, I had no idea you could see what I was saying,” he added with a sheepish grin.
Anne smiled and said, “Thanks.  I hope I didn’t get you in trouble.”
Luigi shrugged and smiled, “Mr. M was so happy and amazed that he was still alive, he forgot to reprimand me about it.  I am here to escort you to your meeting with Mr. M.”
Luigi led them through the lobby, passed the bar and pool room.  At 11 AM the bar and pool room were open, but only a few men were inside.  The lights were all on, and she glanced curiously inside as they walked along the open doorway.  Two of the men she had seen last night with Luigi were standing just inside the last doorway.  They greeted Luigi and  smiled and nodded at her.  She shyly smiled back.
When they came to the entrance to the Café, Luigi led them inside to a private dining  room at the right side of the main dining area.  He opened the door revealing a round table set for five.  It was beautifully arranged.  There was a bouquet of red, yellow, and blue flowers in the center of the table.  Crystal water glasses, delicate china plates, cups, and silverware were arranged at each place.  Next to the plates were linen napkins folded into the shape of birds.  There was a card with the flowers.  Anne’s name was neatly printed on the outside.  She opened the envelope and removed the card.  Inside she read, in the same neat handwriting, “Beautiful flowers for a beautiful lady.  Thanks, my sweet angel, for everything.  With appreciation and love, Marco”.  John watched Anne’s expression while she read the note.  When she handed it to him to read, he read it silently. He clenched his teeth when he saw the ‘with love’ closing.  He put the card on the table and reached out and took possession of her hand.
Anne squeezed his hand and smiled up at him.  She noticed his stiff posture, and asked, “Is something wrong?  Are you upset?”
“Sorry, I was just wondering what he’s learned about your car.  When he said we were meeting in a café, I expected something like a coffee shop.  This is very fancy for a breakfast meeting,” John said with a shrug.
Before Anne could comment, the door opened and Marco entered followed by Luigi. Marco walked over to Anne’s side.  “Good morning, Angel,” he said.  He reached out, took her hand and gently kissed it.  “How are you feeling this morning?  You look very beautiful today,” he added gallantly.
Anne blushed and answered, “I feel better now than I did last night. Thank you for the beautiful flowers and card.  I am so impressed by the beauty of this room.  I’ve never seen such a lovely table setting, except in home decorating magazines.  I am definitely not used to dining in such an elegant setting,” she said smiling warmly at him.
“You should always be surrounded by such beauty,” he said. “Come, let’s sit down,” he said holding out a chair for her.  He sat down in the chair on her left.  John quickly sat down on her right side.  Joe and Luigi sat at the other places.
As soon as they were seated, two servers came in: one filled their water goblets and coffee cups; while the other gave them menus.
Marco lightly touched Anne’s hand.  Anne turned and smiled at him. “Order whatever you like.  All the food here is very good, or so I’m told.”  He returned her smile and stared intently at her face.  Anne demurely lowered her eyes when she realized he was staring at her.
John watched Marco with growing suspicion and jealousy when he noticed Marco was still touching Ann’s hand.  John cleared his throat.  Anne looked at him.  She reached over and squeezed John’s hand, but she didn’t pull her left hand away from Marco’s touch.  John smiled and asked, “Have you decided what you want to eat?”
“Well, since I forgot to eat dinner last night, I’m hungry this morning.  All of the choices look so good, it is hard to decide.  I think I’d like the French toast breakfast with fresh fruit.  French toast was one of my favorite treats when I was a little girl.  It was one of the few things my father could cook better than Momma,” she added with a smile.
Marco nodded and the waitress hurried over and took their orders.  When she brought a small crystal glass with a bright red color liquid inside, Anne eyed it warily.  She looked at Marco and teased him playfully, “I hope this isn’t as strong and as devastating as the drink you gave me last night.  I don’t know what that was, but it had a real kick to it, especially since I never drink anything more than a small glass of wine at dinner,” she added looking up at Marco.
Marco laughed and shook his head apologetically, “Sorry, my angel, I am not used to people who don’t drink a lot.  I hope it didn’t cause you any problems last night.  This is just cranberry juice,” he said quietly and glanced over at John.
Anne laughed and shook her head. “If I ever need something to help me sleep, I’d like to get some of that stuff.  What was it anyway?   I slept soundly all night, but I had a hard time getting my mind to wake up this morning.”
“That was brandy.  After what happened in the lounge, you looked like you needed something to calm your nerves.  I should have been more observant.  I will know better next time,” he said.
After the food was served, the conversation was light and pleasant.  Nothing of any importance was discussed.
“That was really delicious, Marco,” Anne said as she folded her napkin and put it down beside her plate.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it, but you didn’t finish it,” he noticed.
“That’s enough food to stuff a sumo wrestler.  If I ate that much every day, I’d look like a sumo wrestler in no time.  I can’t eat another bite,” she said smiling warmly at him.
After they finished eating, their plates were quickly removed.  Fresh coffee and water were poured for each of them.
Anne looked at Marco and asked shyly, “Did you find out anything about my car yet?”
“Yes, Anne. I had a long talk with the mechanic and the manager of the garage.  You didn’t tell me what kind of car you were driving.  Is it true that it is over 20 years old, has been driven more than two hundred thousand miles, and has a lot of mechanical problems?” Marco asked.
Anne replied, “Yes, my father bought it for my mom when I was a little girl.  It’s been in our family ever since then.  We never had much money.  So first it was Momma’s car.  After she died, Papa drove it.  When I started college, he passed it along to me. By then it was like a member of the family.  We even named it “Clunker”, because it has kept plugging along all these years.  We talked about trading it in, but there was always something we needed more.”
Marco listened carefully, nodding his head to indicate he heard and understood.  He finally spoke, “I hate to tell you this, Angel, but it isn’t really worth repairing.  Parts are almost impossible to find.  Even if they could be found, it would cost too much to fix and probably would just break down again.”
“I was afraid that’s what you’d say.  I understand and agree with you and the mechanic.  John and Joe said they could drive me back to Los Angeles when they leave today.  I just don’t know what to do with ‘Clunker.’”
“My angel,” he said, “I have a proposition for you”
John looked startled and glared at Marco.
“What do you mean?” Anne asked.
“I would like to have your car.  In exchange, I have a business associate in Hollywood who owes me a big favor.  He owns a car dealership.I’ve already made arrangements with him to supply you with a car of your choice.  We’ve narrowed it down to the four used cars that we think would be best for you.  There are no strings attached.  I will give it to you in exchange for your old car.  When you get back to Los Angeles, call the car dealer and he’ll fix you up with a good, reliable car,” Marco explained.
Marco handed Anne a file folder with the car information.  Her hands trembled when she opened it and took out his notes. Anne began scanning the notes while John leaned over and studied them.  Anne looked up at him.  They were both amazed when the saw how new and perfect they sounded.
Anne put the papers back in the folder, and handed it back to Marco.  “These are all too new and expensive.  I can’t afford one of these cars. They are almost new,” she exclaimed.  “Even when I sell Dad’s house, it is more than I could afford.”
“Somehow, I expected you to say that, but, Anne, there aren’t many 20 year old Clunkers still running ,  Even if I could find a duplicate to give you, you’d still have an old junky car.  You saved my life last night.  What you did for me last night was worth more to me than the cost of all those cars combined.  I have more money than I can ever spend.  I wanted to give you a brand new car, but I knew you’d flatly refuse that.  I feel partly responsible for your problem.  I can’t prove it, but I suspect your car was disabled by one of the guys at the garage.  I’ve heard similar complaints before.  Since I can’t repair your old car, I insist on making sure you have a safe, reliable vehicle to drive.  It would give me great pleasure to do this small service for you, my sweet angel.
“I don’t know what to say or do.  This is too much,” she stammered.
Marco smiled at her, “Just say yes!”  Marco looked at John and asked, “What do you think, John?  Should she accept one of the cars?”
John had mixed feelings.  He wanted Anne to have a safe newer car to drive, but he didn’t want her to be obligated to Marco.  He looked quickly at Anne. “What he says makes a lot of sense.  If you had not been here and stopped the plot to kill him last night, his money wouldn’t be worth anything to him.  I understand how he feels.  If I had the money, l'd give you a car, but there’s no way I can do that.  He wants you to have it.  He has the money to do it. He is old enough to know what he wants to do.  It won’t cause him any hardship.  Anne, you need to do what you want to do, but I think you should accept his offer.”
Marco took her hand in his.  “Please let me do this for you.  It will make this old man very happy.”
When Anne looked up at Marco, she had tears in her eyes.  “I don’t know how to thank you.  This is so much more than I ever dreamed about.  If you’re sure this is what you want to do, I will accept your offer,” Anne agreed.
Marco hugged her and kissed her cheek.  Marco kept his arms around Anne longer than John thought he should.  He kept watching Marco trying to decide what Marco’s real motives were for his offer to give Anne a car.  John’s cynical side kept telling him, there had to be something in it for Marco.
After they finished the coffee, Marco asked John and Joe what they wanted to talk to him about.  They both hesitated and glanced at Anne.  Marco noticed and understood that they didn’t want to talk about it in front of her.
Marco said, “Luigi, please take Anne over to the garage.  I’m sure there are some papers or personal things in the glove compartment or trunk she might want to retrieve from her car before she leaves today. Help Anne collect her things.  When you are finished, give her a short tour of our hotel and spa while I visit with these gentlemen”  The men stood up while Anne and Luigi walked out of the room.
After Anne left The Café’s private room, John said, “Thanks, for sending her away.  I really don’t want Anne getting involved in this.  Joe and I are tired of working hard and getting nowhere.  We want to work for you and start making some big money fast.  We’ve heard you’re the top man is this area.  We want to get into your organization.  We’re not fussy about the kind of work we do.  We’re just tired of working for peanuts!” John spat out.
Marco listened intently and watched their body language.  Something just didn’t feel right to him.  “Let me think about it.  I don’t have anything special going right now that needs new workers, but I will keep you in mind,” he promised.  “You said you’d do any kind of work.  What if I need you to get rid of those three guys from last night?”
“We’ve both got guns and know how to use them.  I was an expert marksman in the military.  I’ve killed men before, and I can do it again.  We were hoping for more regular work, but anything is possible, if the price is right,” John answered.
Marco called in two of his other men.  He told them to show John and Joe around the resort in case he decided to hire them to work for him later.
After they left, Marco noticed Anne’s bouquet was still on the table.  He carried it to the reception desk so she wouldn’t forget to take them home with her.  He called Luigi’s cell phone and told him to bring Anne to his office as soon as they were finished.  “I want some time alone with her without those two guys hanging around,” he said.  Next he called and told the other two guys to keep John and Joe busy for a couple of hours, but not to tell them anything private about his organization.
About twenty minutes later, Luigi and Anne returned to the lobby.  They left the small box of things from Anne’s old car at the desk.  He guided her up to Marco’s office and then returned to the poolroom across from the lobby’s registration desk.  When John and Joe returned to the lobby, they looked around for Anne.  They asked about her at the hotel registration counter.  The clerk said he thought she was still looking around the hotel and would probably be back in a few minutes.  He suggested they might want to go get their things from Room 388 so they could check out and be ready to leave when Anne returned.  They decided that was a good plan and headed up to get their luggage.  John found a few things Anne had left in the bathroom.  He put them in her suitcase.  He checked the room again.  Nothing had been overlooked as far as he could tell.  They gathered everything up and walked back down to the lobby and sat down.
After a few more minutes, John walked back to the main desk and asked about her again.  The clerk said he would ask the staff to look for her.  John began wandering around the lobby.  He checked in the bar, and then he returned to sit near Joe.  “Luigi is sitting in the bar, but Anne’s not with him.  He said he didn’t know where she was now, but he’d check on it.  I don’t like this, Joe.  I don’t trust anyone in this place, especially not where she’s concerned.”
Joe reassured him,  “Calm down.  Since Marco has his guys all around here, she’s probably safer here than in her own apartment.”
John glanced around anxiously, “I hope you’re right, maybe no one will bother her, but who will protect her from Marco?” he asked suspiciously.
After Luigi took her to Marco’s office, Marco led her over to a pair of leather chairs.  He sat down across from her and smiled.  He looked intently at her and said, “I hope you don’t mind, but I wanted to have some time alone with you, my angel.  I still cannot believe what miracle brought you into my life.  I know it can’t be to reward me for anything good that I’ve done.  My life has not been a good one.  When I was young, I thought my life would be much different than it turned out.  I was raised in a good home, but I drifted off the right path after my beloved wife and our beautiful little daughter died.”
Anne reached out and took his hand in hers. “How terribly sad that you lost your wife and daughter.  I feel so lonely and devastated by the loss of my father.  I can’t even begin to imagine how terrible that must have been for you,”  she said as tears sparkled in her eyes.
“I think you have noticed that I have been staring at you.  I know you felt it earlier today  and looked away at the café.  I have been looking at you since we first met.  My little Angela would have been about your age now.  When I look at you, I see the same sweet innocence in your face and eyes that used to steal my heart.  Your smile and laugh remind me so much of my beautiful daughter.  Physically you do not look the same.  She had the warmest brown eyes so full of intelligence and sparkle.  Her hair was dark brown just like her beautiful mother, Sophia, my wife and the love of my life,” he continued.
“I can see in your eyes and in the way you speak of them that they were very special people.  My mother died when I was a child, and my father talked of my mother with the same tone and words that you use.  He never stopped loving her.  Even when he held my hand on the night he died, he spoke of his love for her and how much he had missed her. He’s with her now and I know they are happy and together again.  That thought comforts me more than anything else.  Love like that is never forgotten.  I’m so sorry for all the losses you’ve had,” Anne added quietly.
Marco spoke softly with emotion in his voice. “I can’t explain what I’m feeling or how meeting you has changed me.  When I look at you I realize how you miraculously appeared and saved my life.  I feel like a sweet beautiful part of her life entered into my heart when you sat here last night.  I can’t explain how deeply you have touched my heart and soul, my sweet angel.  That’s why I keep staring at you and why I have slipped and called you my beautiful Angel.  Her name was Angela, but when she was tiny, I would look at her face and call her ‘my Sweet Angel.’  Perhaps I am just a foolish, lonely old man, but you have changed my heart.  I know I have no right to suggest this, but you have recently lost your father, and I have lost my beautiful angel.  Today, I feel almost like I have found my precious little girl again.  I would feel very proud and honored if you would think of me as your substitute father and let me be your friend and helper,” Marco said humbly as he looked deep into her eyes.
“Marco, I am so touched by your words.  I sense so much love in you that I believe you have not shown to others.  I loved my father so much, and I miss him terribly,” Anne said.
Marco interrupted her, “I am not trying to replace your father.  He is your father, and I know Angela is my daughter.  We cannot replace them; they will always be what they were to us in life.  I would just like to stay in touch with you.  It broke my heart when you talked about feeling so lonely and not having anyone to talk to who cared you were alive.  Many times, even surrounded by many other people, I have felt the same emptiness and longed for someone that I could trust and talk to.  In my business, we don’t talk about personal things.  I don’t think anyone in my whole organization, except Luigi and his brother who grew up where I did, even knows I had a wife and daughter.  I have told you more about myself in these few hours since we met than I have told to anyone ever before.  We come from totally different backgrounds, but I feel like you can understand me and the loneliness I’ve felt most of my life.”
“I think I do understand some of what you feel.  Marco, I do care about you.  I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers.  I’d be happy to keep in contact with you, but how can that happen?  I live in Santa Monica and you live up here.  There’s no telling when, or if, I’ll travel up this way again for years,” Anne said.
“This is my private phone number.  Please call me.  I’d love to talk to you anytime about anything.  If you feel lonely in the evening or even late at night or in the morning, please call me. If it is all right with you, may I call you some evenings to see how you are feeling?  There are no strings or conditions.  If you decide later that you don’t want to keep in touch any longer, just tell me, and I’ll stop calling.  No matter what happens later, the car is yours to keep.  It has nothing to do with what I’ve told you tonight.  I don’t know how to explain it, but I care more about you right now than I have cared about anyone since Sophia and Angela died.  I love you like a daughter.  I’m sure that sounds crazy, since we just met last night, but that’s what I feel,” Marco said brokenly.
“Dear Marco, I’m flattered and pleased that you want to be part of my life.  We are so different in many ways, and yet my heart understands and cares.  I would be honored to have you as my ‘adopted father,’ and I will try to be a good ‘daughter’” to you,”  Anne said.
Anne knelt down in front of his chair.  She reached out and hugged him close. She kissed his forehead.  He put his arms around her and hugged her.  When they separated, both of them had tears running down their faces.  She reached into her pants pocket and pulled out some clean tissues.  She wiped away his tears and kissed him on the cheek.  For several minutes, they sat holding hands and talking quietly.
When Marco’s cell phone rang, Anne startled at the noise.  He listened silently.  He said “Thanks,” and hung up the phone. “Your friends are in the lobby and are waiting impatiently for you.  I know you have a long journey and need to get home and rest before going back to work.  I will call you soon.  I want to hear all about the car you choose and how your life is going.  Please call me anytime.  The words ‘thank you’ are not strong enough to say all I feel.  I’ll say goodbye to you here, if you don’t mind.  Being seen crying is not good for my reputation,” he said with a sheepish grin.
Marco walked her to the door.  He hugged her again.  Anne reached up and wiped away another tear.  Just before leaving, she kissed him on the cheek.
“Take care of yourself, my dear ‘papa,’” Anne said as she walked out of Marco’s room.
Chapter 4
One of Marco’s men was waiting in the hall.  He escorted her to the elevator.  Anne rode down to the lobby in a pensive mood.  Although she had wiped the tears from her face, it was obvious that she had been crying.  When she exited the elevator, John saw her.  He hurried over to her side.  He could see she was upset.  He put his arm lightly around her shoulders.  He felt her tremble slightly, and he pulled her closer.  She looked up at him and smiled.
“Are you all right?. I’ve been so worried about you.  What did he do to you?” he growled.
“Nothing,  He didn’t do anything to hurt me.  I’ll be OK.  I’m just tired.  It’s been a very emotional, strange weekend,” Anne murmured.
John and Joe collected the luggage.  Joan picked up the bouquet of flowers.  Luigi carried Anne’s suitcase and the box of papers from Anne’s car.  They loaded everything into John’s car.  Joe climbed into the back seat.  John opened the passenger door and Anne slid inside.  John shut the car door and drove out to the highway and headed south toward Los Angeles.  John looked over at Anne.  She seemed lost in thought and was looking out the side window.
After driving a few minutes in silence, John reached over and touched Anne’s arm.  “Slide over closer to me,” he whispered, “so we can talk without disturbing Joe.”  John smiled and was glad he didn’t have bucket seats.
Anne slid closer until they were sitting side by side.  He reached down and touched her arm, “I can see you’re very tired.  Lean against my shoulder.  Maybe you can get a nap.”
Anne leaned over and laid her head down on his shoulder.  She was so quiet, John figured she’d fallen asleep.  He glanced down and was surprised to see she was awake looking up at him.  She sighed and snuggled closer to him.  He moved his right arm and wrapped it around her.  She leaned over, put her head on his shoulder again.  She reached up and gently touched his face.  She turned her head and kissed his neck and then his cheek.
“What’s that for?” he asked, glancing down at her.
“I don’t know.  I just wanted to kiss you and be sure you are real,” she sighed.  “Thanks for being my friend and for protecting me.”  She closed her eyes and snuggled up against him.  John looked down at her sleeping beside him.  He wanted to kiss her.  Feeling her snuggled beside him, his mind wandered back to being with her in the hotel room.  He could feel desire beginning to stir in his body when he thought of her soft white skin and the beauty of her body
About an hour later, he felt her shift her position.  He felt her hand sliding across his chest until it caressed his neck.  He stole a look at her face.  Her eyes were open. Her lips were slightly parted, she slipped her left arm around his waist.
“If you keep touching me and looking so incredibly beautiful, I may lose control of the car and myself.  If we were parked somewhere right now, I’d be kissing you.  Is that what you want?” he asked teasingly.
Anne squeezed him and answered, “Yes, I’d like to be kissing you now,” she whispered against his neck.
About an hour later, Joe woke up and stretched.  “Is it about time for a restroom break?” Joe asked.
John pulled off at the next exit and drove into the first service station.  Joe got out and headed toward the restroom.  John got out and started filling the gas tank. Anne slid out and walked back to where John was standing.
“Well,” she said with a playful grin.  “You aren’t driving right now, are you?”
John looked down at her. She smiled and slipped in front of him while he pumped the gas.  She slid her arms around his neck and pulled his face down to her waiting lips. He stopped pumping the gas and pulled her into a passionate embrace which seemed to go on forever.  When he finally lifted his mouth away from hers, she swayed slightly.
“That’s what you get for teasing me when I couldn’t respond to you.  Are you satisfied now?” he laughed.  Although he couldn’t admit it, he had only collected a down payment on what he longed to do. 
Anne smiled up at him and said, “Yes!  I got just what I wanted.  I like being your ‘kissing friend’,” she chuckled, moving quickly away from him before he could kiss her again.  She hurried off to the restroom.  When she got back, Joe was in the driver’s seat.  John opened the front door for Anne, then he climbed into the backseat.
Anne was surprised.  She wanted to climb in the backseat with him, but Joe had already started the car and was driving back on the freeway. John settled back for the long ride back to Los Angeles.  He was shaken by the depth of feelings Anne’s kiss had aroused in him.  He knew he was growing weaker and letting her go with just a kiss was getting harder and harder each time they kissed.  He looked at the back of her head resting against the front seat just a few feet from where he was sitting. He longed to have her beside him with her head resting on his chest.  ”Anne is so sweet and so beautiful,  I want to hold her and kiss her.  I want her, all of her. If only I could get out of this assignment and tell her about my secret life. I’d ask her to marry me.  I’d never let her go again.  I want to hold her, kiss her, and make love to her.  God, please protect her and bring us together at the right time.  I love her and I believe she cares for me.  Help me find a way out of this mess I’m involved in,” he prayed silently.
Anne closed her eyes and felt disappointed and rejected.  As the car travelled down the highway, she leaned her head against the side window, and began thinking back over how John had just responded to her.  He had kissed her before, but never like he had just kissed her.  Yet, in some distant memory, his kiss had seemed familiar.  She wished her memory of the night alone with him in the hotel room was clearer.  He said he had just held her and kissed her that night, but what kind of kiss had it been?  The missing memory haunted her thoughts.
Anne looked out the side window of the car and tried to focus her mind on that night, but her memory did not come back to her.  Anne had so many conflicting feelings about that night.  She was pleased that he had been honorable and respected and cared enough about her that he hadn’t taken advantage of her drunken and emotional state.  From her disjointed memories, Anne realized, no matter what he had wanted that night, she would not have tried to stop him.  She remembered clearly being aroused and longing to be loved by him.  Her body was ready for him, but he had pulled back and not done anything.  Maybe the truth was that he did not love her the way she loved and wanted him.
“Did I just mistake his teasing, flirting friendship and attention for more than what he really felt.  Maybe all he feels for me is desire and friendship.  Have I been hanging on him and throwing myself at him when he doesn’t really want me?  When he kissed me, I think he wanted me.  Was this last kiss just his way to pay me back for my teasing him in the car?  Is this all just a game for him?  Have I just been playing the fool for him?” Anne thought miserably.
Anne closed her eyes and fought to keep from crying.  She felt terribly hurt and confused.  Anne blushed as she realized that she still wanted him to make love to her, but he apparently didn’t feel the same desire or love that she felt for him.
Anne shook her head sadly.  She had never felt so emotionally confused before.  She had reached an emotional overload.  Too many things had happened in her life over the last few months.  Too many losses and emotions had washed over her.  She rode along in silence, but inside she felt like she was screaming and breaking apart inside.  She longed for someone to love her and care about her, someone who would listen and care for her and someone who would not tear her feelings apart.
She slipped her hand into her pocket and touched the small folded piece of paper that Marco had given to her a few hours ago before they said goodbye.  She loved talking with John.  His easy way of joking and teasing her, had reawakened the playful side of her personality she had nearly forgotten existed.  Now, there were so many things she and John could no longer talk about  How could she tell him what she was feeling, when he was the reason for her confusion?  She had always been able to call her dad and talk to him about anything, but he was gone now.  She had no close friends she could call and talk to.  She looked at the scrap of paper again.  Marco had been so caring and had spoken so simply and with such understanding of her emotional state.  She had been so openly touched when they had talked in his office this morning.  Anne felt deep gratitude, comfort, and empathy from this man she barely knew.  She was filled with a terrible emptiness.  To her confused mind, the scrap of paper with Marco’s phone number on it looked like a lifeline to her.
As she sat quietly thinking in the car, Anne began trying to build internal walls to protect her fragile emotions.  No matter how much she realized she still loved and wanted John, she had to stop allowing herself to be hurt by him.  The friendly flirting and teasing they shared was too dangerous.  Anne vowed to hold back her feelings for him
When they headed over the last pass and dropped into the San Fernando Valley, Anne forced herself to sit up and draw the emotional curtains around her feelings.  Joe drove into a small street in Canoga Park.  He parked in the driveway of a medium size ranch style house.  He  said goodbye, got his suitcase out of the trunk, and quietly walked into the house.  She sat up and placed a plastic smile on her mouth.
John climbed into the driver’s seat.  He looked over at Anne and smiled.  Anne returned her plastic expression.  He drove over toward Santa Monica. “We’re almost to Santa Monica, Anne, how do I get to your place?” he asked.
Anne gave him directions to her apartment complex.  It was nearly 9 PM when they pulled up and parked in front of her building.  After giving the directions, Anne had ridden in silence.  John noticed her quietness, but figured she was just tired. After John parked the car, Anne got out and walked quickly back to the trunk.  She grabbed her purse, suitcase, and bouquet and started walking quickly up the stairs.  John grabbed the small box of papers she had retrieved from her old car and hurried up the stairs after her. He waited while she unlocked her door, turned on the light, and walked inside.  He followed her inside.
“Where do you want me to put this box?” he asked.
Anne looked around and pointed to the kitchen table.  She put her purse and bouquet next to it.  Anne stood looking around.  She felt so emotionally and physically drained, she didn’t know what to do next. 
 John noticed her hesitation and quietness.  He touched her arm and said, “Are you all right?” She looked at him with a blank expression and then shook her head.
“What time do you want me to pick you up to drive you to work?  Or, do you just want me to sleep on your couch tonight?” he offered.
“You don’t have to drive me to work tomorrow.  I’ll just catch a bus.  It’s late and I’m sure you want to get home and go to bed,” she said in a flat monotone voice.
“No, Anne, I promised Marco I’d drive you to work and then pick you up and take you to get your new car,” he said.
In a monotone voice, she said, “That’s not necessary.  I can take care of myself.  You’ve helped me enough already.”
John grabbed her arm and turned her to face him.  He looked at her blank emotionless expression.  “What’s wrong, Anne.  You’ve been quiet and upset almost since we left Marco’s place.  What happened when you were alone with him?” he asked urgently.
“Nothing.  Nothing I can talk about.”  She seemed to suddenly remember what he had asked her earlier.  “I need to be at work by 9 AM, if you insist on driving me there.  It takes about 15 minutes to get there from here,” she said.
“I’ll pick you up about 8:30 AM.  Are you sure you’re OK?  I don’t want to leave you alone here when you are acting so strange.  I can sleep here on the couch, if you don’t want to be alone,” he offered.
“I’ll be fine.  I’m just worn out, I think. Thanks for driving me home and for taking care of me. I appreciate your friendship,” she said mechanically.
John reached out and pulled her into his arms.  He hugged her close, but she didn’t snuggle against him.  He looked in her eyes, but he didn’t see the sparkle of warmth and life in them.  He bent down to kiss her, but she stood mechanically still.  Her lips didn’t open when his mouth covered her lips.  He released her and she swayed and nearly fell.
John draped his arms around her.  “Anne, Anne, when you were with Marco did you drink or eat anything?  Any pills or do anything unusual?” he asked.
Anne shook her head no.
“Are you feeling all right now?” he asked again.  Anne swayed unsteadily.  John lifted her into his arms. “There’s no way I’m leaving you here alone, Anne, not until I’m sure you’re all right.”
Anne’s head dropped onto his shoulder with a low whimper.  She collapsed and sobbed against his chest.  Anne felt the dam that had been holding back all  her feelings and tears shattered.  Tears for her father’s  illness and death; tears for the death of Tracie, unfulfilled dreams of John’s  loving her, tears for the feeling of foolish hopelessness; and the pain of the story Marco had shared with her.  John looked down at her and he carried her into her bedroom.  He sat down on the bed and gently rocked her in his arms until her sobbing stopped.  When he looked down, she had either passed out or was sleeping.  He checked her pulse.  It was strong and steady.  She was breathing normally, but he didn’t feel safe leaving her alone in this condition.  He felt her body relax while he continued rocking her in his arms.  Although she was paler than usual, John knew he wouldn’t be able to leave her until she was acting normally.
He gently put her down on the bed and began slowly, gently removing her clothes.  His hand trembled as he slowly revealed her beautiful body.  He searched through her dresser and found a nightgown.  He slipped it over her body.  He quickly stripped down to his shorts, pulled the covers back, and climbed in beside her. She moaned in her sleep.  John pulled her against his body and held her close.  He held her, hoping that the feel of his body would comfort her and help her feel protected.  He kissed her forehead, her cheeks, and stroked her hair.
Slowly her breathing deepened and she stopped moaning and drifted off to sleep.  John stayed with her sleeping beside her body.  When  he saw the daylight begin shining through the curtains, he reluctantly eased away from the warmth of her body, gathered up his clothes and got dressed.  He stretched out on the sofa and waited for time to wake her up for work.  He was startled when her alarm clock began buzzing.  He walked over and sat down next to her on the bed.  He gently shook her awake.  He leaned over and kissed her mouth, gently at first, gradually increasing the passion and pressure of his lips moving over hers.
When Anne’s eyes opened, she saw his face and felt his warm sensuous lips. She slowly parted her lips, sighed, and invited him to kiss her again.
“Good morning, Sleeping Beauty.  I hate having to wake you up so early, but it’s time to get ready for work,” he whispered against her lips.
“Are you my Prince Charming?” she asked sleepily stretching. 
 He chuckled, “I hope so,” he answered.  With a long, slow kiss he awoke her completely.
Anne struggled to sit up and John helped her into a sitting position.
“I hated waking up.  I was having the most wonderful dream,” she sighed.  The insistent buzzing of her snooze alarm finally brought her out of her dreamy state.  She suddenly realized the sensuous kisses had not been a dream.  John had really been holding and kissing her.  She glanced around and saw her clothes on the floor, and she felt the soft silky feel of her nightgown against her bare skin.  She couldn’t remember much about the night except feeling unbelievably tired.
John reminded her, "You’d better wake up and get dressed for work.  I promised I’d get you to work unless you’ve decided to play hooky.”
When Anne reached for her robe, John asked, “Do you want some coffee?  I’ll go make some while you get dressed.”  He walked out and began looking for the coffee. He found a jar of instant coffee. By the time the water heated and the coffee crystals dissolved, Anne was in her uniform.
When she walked into the living room, he handed her a warm cup of coffee.  He smiled at her and said, “Well, Nurse Anne, you look beautiful this morning.  Are you feeling better today?  I think you might have had too much excitement the last few days.  You weren’t acting like your usual self.  Thanks for letting me use your couch. It let me get some extra sleep time, too.  That’s why I stayed here,” John explained.
“Thanks for the coffee.  It really helped me get my brain working.  I’m not usually so hard to wake up,” Anne said, smiling shyly up at John.
“Let me know when you’re ready to leave for work.  I know you like to be on time or early,” John said.
She slipped on her white nurse’s shoes, found her purse and keys.  “I’m ready when you are,” she said.
He winked and said, “I’m always ready when you are, too.”
She looked at him and blushed.
He laughed at her reaction.  “I meant I am ready to leave for work whenever you are ready to leave.  What were you thinking?” he chuckled and opened the apartment door.
Anne directed John to the small Children’s Hospital where she was working.  “What time should I pick you up to take you to look at your new car?” he asked.
“I get off work at 4:30, but I still need to call and make an appointment.  Can I have your phone number, and I’ll call and let you know later today,” Anne asked.
“I’ll give you a call later.  Maybe I’ll just come by when you get off work.  I can take you to the car dealer’s place whenever the dealer is ready,” John said.
As she got out of the car, John grabbed her hand.  “Have a great day!  I envy those kids who get to see you all day every day.”  He kissed her hand and then watched her walk into the hospital.  When she was no longer in sight, John quickly drove to his apartment to put his suitcase inside, take a quick shower, and change his clothes.  He rushed out to his car and hurried to work.  
John knew it was going to be a bad day because Bob Watson, his boss, was so anxious to get information, and he didn’t have anything definite to tell him about Marco.  “All I have to tell him is, ‘Be patient.’ ”  I know that answer will not satisfy him.  If they think they can do this job better, I hope they release me and get someone else,” he muttered as he walked into the building.
Anne’s day back at the hospital was very busy.  Two new patients had been admitted while she was away.  The two sisters, Terri, aged 7, and Sherri, aged 5, both had leukemia. Terri had already completed one round of chemotherapy, but 5 year old Sherri was scheduled to begin her first round of chemotherapy soon.  Terri tried to calm and comfort Sherri.  When Anne met the girls, there was an instant connection.  She took good care of all her charges, but she maintained a vey close watch on the sisters.  At lunchtime, she settled in with them.  She noticed Sherri’s tray was barely touched.
“Sherri, you need to eat more food so you’ll get stronger.  I know you are not a baby anymore, but will you let me help you with your lunch?” Anne asked.
When Sherri nodded yes, Anne began cutting the meat into smaller pieces.  Anne shook her head, “This just isn’t what kids like to eat, is it?  Sherri, if you eat most of the meat and more of the vegetables, after I get my car today, I’ll bring in a couple of hamburgers for you and Terri tomorrow.  What other kinds of food do you two girls like to eat?” Anne asked.
Terri said, “We both like ice cream and pizza.”
“Pizza is yummy,” Sherri agreed.  Anne was so absorbed in working with the girls that she didn’t notice John’s arrival.  He stood near the open door and watched Anne charm the girls.  He looked at her face and smiled.  The strain and excitement of the last weekend no longer showed in her eyes or expression.  He watched her playfully interacting with them.  Before she left, she gave each of the girls a hug and a kiss on the cheek, and said, “My shift for today is nearly over, but I’ll see you two in the morning.  Eat your food, and I’ll bring in a treat for you tomorrow.”  When she stood up to leave, she saw John standing in the doorway.
Anne smiled and walked up to him. “How long have you been standing there?  You’re early.  I don’t finish my shift for 45 minutes,” she said.
“I was standing here long enough to know that you are a  wonderful  nurse and a beautiful person!  I thought I might hang around and visit with some of the kids, if that’s OK.  Is there anyone who might like a visitor?” John asked.
“Probably all of them would like a visitor to break up the monotony of the day, but there is one little boy I think you’d connect with.  Like you, he was in an automobile accident and had multiple injuries.  All of them were critically injured.  His father and siblings died right after the accident, and his mom is still in a coma, so he almost never has visitors,” Anne said.
“Boy, I can identify with what he’s going through.  If you introduce me to him, I’d be glad to spend time with him.  Just come and get me when you’re ready to leave,” John said.  Anne led him down to the room and introduced him to ten year old Bryan. John sat down next to his bed.  He shook his hand and began talking to him.
When Anne finished her shift, she went to collect John.  He was sitting on Bryan’s bed.  They were bent over a jigsaw puzzle on the tray stand next to his bed.  Anne looked at Bryan’s face and smiled in amazement. She thought, "That’s the first time I’ve  seen him smile like that since I started working here.  John just has a special way with kids. He’d be a wonderful father.”
Anne walked up and asked, “How are you doing on your puzzle?  It looks like you got a lot done today.”
Bryan looked up and smiled. “He’s really good at puzzles.  He showed me how he works on jigsaw puzzles.  It’s really neat.  Now I can figure out where the pieces go better,” Bryan enthused.
John stood up, reached over and tousled Bryan’s hair.  He said, “Next time I’m in the area, I’ll come and see how you’re doing.  It was a pleasure meeting you, Bryan.”
John walked over to Anne and they walked down the long corridor and out to John’s car.  “How was your day at work?” he asked.
“It was good getting back to work.  I enjoy being around the kids.  They make me forget other things, and that’s great,” Anne answered.  “The dealer said to come right over after work.  He’ll wait for us, but we should probably leave soon.”  
Once back at John’s car, he pulled her gently into his arms and kissed her softly.
“What’s that for?” Anne asked.
“Because you are so gentle and loving with those children.  You are truly an angel,” John said.
“Well, you haven’t lost your touch either.  That was the first time I’ve ever seen Bryan smiling.  You’re amazing,” she praised John.
Once they were parked in front of the car dealership, John took Anne’s hand, and they walked over to the showroom door. Most of the lights were turned off, but when they reached the front door, a man quickly came over and let them in.
“Come inside.  Are you Mr. M’s friend?” the man in the dark blue suit asked.
Anne took the note Marco had given her and handed it to the man.  He quickly scanned it, then  smiled and offered his hand.  “I’m Mr. Ferrar. I’m happy to meet you. Mr. M told me to choose the four best used cars and let you to choose the one you like best.  I have them set aside in the garage area,” he said as he led them to the garage.
Anne walked around each one.  He opened the doors, and Anne sat inside each car.  She asked a few questions about them.  She walked over to John.  “Which one should I choose?  The only car I’ve ever driven is Clunker.  I’ve never bought a car before, and I’m not sure how to choose one,” Anne admitted.
John looked at the cars and then said, “Let’s work backwards.  Which one do you not want?”
“Well, they are all beautiful, but I’m not really interested in the flashy yellow convertible.  I can’t see myself driving it around,” she said.
“Great, now which one is your least favorite car?” John asked. 
“The SUV is nice, but it’s more for a large family.  Why would I ever want or need two DVD players in the back seat.  It just isn’t me,” Anne admitted.
“OK, now you are down to the two sedans.  The biggest differences are 2 door versus 4 door models and 13,000 miles on one odometer versus 7,000 miles on the other.  Either one would be a good choice.  Which of them do you like the best?”
“I’m still not sure,” she answered.
It sounds silly, but here’s one way I use to figure out choices like this.  Do you remember the old ‘Eeny, Meeny, Minny, Moe’  game?  Use that old game.  Trust me, there’s more to it than just that,” John added.
Anne began counting back and forth between the two cars. When she finished, she was pointing at the silver two door sedan.
“Anne, how did you feel when you saw how it turned out?  Did you think ‘Great’ or ‘Oh, no’” What was your first reaction?” John asked.
“I think it was closer to ‘Oh, no,’” she answered.
“If that’s true, the one you like best is the four door sedan.  That shows your first choice is not the one the rhyme chose, but either one would be a good car for you,” he explained.
Anne laughed, “I never thought about it that way.”  She got into the 4 door sedan and drove it around the block outside of the dealership.  When she came back, she said, “Mr. Ferrar, it’s a hard choice, but I think I want the 4 door sedan.  It seems more practical for me and my needs.”
“That is a great choice.  Now if you’ll come into the office, we’ll fill out the paperwork.  He went in and they filled out and signed the paperwork.  He also explained that Marco wanted to add the Lifetime Warranty and Service Agreement.  He explained, “If you have any problems or whenever your car needs servicing, bring it back to us.  We’ll be happy to take good care of Mr. M’s friend.  There are no charges for any servicing or repairs for the life of the car,” he explained.
He handed Anne copies of all the papers and the car keys and thanked them for coming in.  John and Anne shook his hand.  Anne climbed into her new car.  John walked over to her car.
“Would you like to meet me at the coffee shop down the street?  I’d like to take you out to dinner to celebrate your new wheels,” John said.
Anne said, “That sounds nice.  I’m not sure which place you mean, so I’ll follow you.”
John got into his car and started driving with Anne following behind him.  After dinner, Anne touched John’s hand and said, “Thanks for everything, for driving me around, for taking care of me the last few days, and for being a real friend.”
“I’m so glad you have a nice, reliable car to drive now.  I wish I had enough money to be the one who gave it to you.  I’d like to be the one who takes care of all your needs.”  He leaned through the car window and kissed her tenderly.
Anne kept thinking about his words as she drove home.  “I don’t understand him.  When he says things like that, I think he really cares about me. Other times, he seems distant and secretive.  He won’t even tell me where he works or lives, and he didn’t tell me his phone number.  I don’t understand him.  What does it all mean?” she thought.
It was about 8:30 pm when Anne carefully parked her new car in her parking space.  She locked it and walked up to her apartment. When she walked inside, the phone was ringing.  She grabbed it and said, “Hello.”
“I just wanted to make sure you got home safely.  How do you like the way your car handles?” John asked.
“I love it, but I still can’t believe it is mine.  It seems like a beautiful dream.  Thanks again for dinner and for chauffeuring me around.  Thanks for everything you’ve done to help me,” Anne said quietly.
“I’m glad I was there.  Good night, Anne.  I’ll talk to you later,” John added.
Anne hung up the phone and put her purse on the sofa.  She was still tired from the long weekend trip, so she decided to take a quick shower and go to bed early.  She pulled off her clothes, wrapped up in her robe and headed into the bathroom.  After her shower, she toweled dry, put on her night gown, and climbed into her bed.  Since she was still so excited about her car, she picked up a magazine and started to read for a while.
She had only read a page or two when the telephone rang again.  She reached for the phone by her bed.  She answered it and heard a man’s voice.
“Hello, my sweet Angel.  Did you get your new car yet?” Marco asked.
“Hello, Marco.  Yes, I got my car a few hours ago. I still can’t believe it’s really mine.  I just realized, I’ve never driven any car except ‘Clunker’.  This car is so beautiful and so easy to drive.  I feel like a princess.  How can I ever thank you, my dear papa,” she added shyly.
“No more talk of thanks.  I owe you so much more.  I owe you my life.  Tell me, which one did you choose?”  he asked.
“That was so hard to decide. They were all so nice. I finally chose the dark red four door sedan.  It is so beautiful and it is so nice and easy to drive,” she enthused. 
Marco laughed happily.  “My sweet Angel, you deserve the best.  I am so happy for you.  Did you have a good day at work?  I was worried because you seemed so tired when you left here yesterday.”
Later, when Anne glanced at the clock, she noticed it was nearly 11 pm.  “We’ve been talking nearly two hours.  You are so easy to talk to, Marco.  I’m so happy you called.  I was all excited and needed to get some of the excitement out.  I needed someone to talk to.  I feel more relaxed and should be able to sleep now.  I’ll call you tomorrow, if that’s all right with you.  Sleep well, Papa,” Anne whispered.
“Good night, Angel.  Call me anytime you want to,” he added.
Anne hung up the phone feeling happy and relaxed. She rolled over on her side and fell asleep.  When she woke up, she felt more rested than she had in many days  She got ready to go to work. Realizing she had some extra time, she found Marco’s cell phone number and dialed it.
Almost immediately, he answered, “Hello.”
I hope I didn’t call too early, but I wanted to say ‘Good morning’.  I enjoyed talking to you so much last night.  I felt so happy and relaxed afterwards.  I slept soundly for the first time in many days.  Thanks again, Papa, for my car and for your phone call.  I have to leave for work.  I just wanted to hear your voice,” Anne said.
“Thanks for calling me.  It is never too early or too late for you to call me , Angel.  I’m happy to talk to you anytime.  Be careful driving your new car to work.  If you have time, hopefully we can talk more tonight.  Have a wonderful day.  Give the children a hug from me.  I love you, Angel,” Marco said quietly.
Chapter 5
Over the next few weeks, a pattern developed,  Anne called Marco for a short talk in the morning before work.  Marco called her between 9-10 pm for a longer visit. They developed a trust and talked freely about everything.  Marco talked more about Sophia and Angela.  Anne talked about her work, her father, her feelings for John, and if she had seen him.
One night when he called, Marco told Anne, “It was exactly 22 years ago that my wife and daughter died.”
“My dear Papa, I wish I were with you tonight.  It must be a very sad and lonely time for you.  You never told me how they died.  Was it an accident?” she asked.
“No, Angel.  They were out running errands and were waiting in line in the bank.  A group of thugs came in.  They robbed the bank.  They already got the money, but on the way out, one of them shot up the bank for no reason at all.  Sophia and Angela were both shot and died later in the hospital. They were both so beautiful and so innocent.  They didn’t deserve to die like that!  That day my happy life was destroyed,” he stated coldly.
“My dear Marco, how did you survive that?  I don’t know if I could have recovered from that.  I lost my father and it hurt so bad.  I can’t imagine what you went through,” Anne said.
“The police did nothing.  I vowed to get revenge.  I began hitting the streets trying to find out who was responsible.  The only way to get information was to become part of their world.  The deeper I went, the more I lost myself.  When I learned who was responsible, I plotted their destruction.  Looking back now, I realize what I did was as wrong as what they did.  By the time I felt my revenge was complete, I had become as brutal and unfeeling as they were.  I didn’t clearly understand how terrible I was  until I met you.  I saw your sweet innocence and realized how unworthy I was to even talk to you.  I clearly saw myself and was ashamed of what I had become.  I’ve done or caused so many bad things to happen, I want to make amends for my actions, but I’m not sure how,” he sighed.
“Marco, the past is gone; it can’t be changed.  What is more important is how you live today and in the future.  It isn’t too late to change.  There is nothing you’ve ever done that God won’t forgive.  People may hold grudges and not forgive, but God says He will forgive anyone who comes to him in faith and repents.  He is the one who will decide our rewards and where we will spend eternity.  Actually, it isn’t God who decides our fate.  It is our response to His Son Jesus that determines where we spend eternity.  Please think about it.  I want you to be in Heaven with Sophia and Angela and me someday in the future,” Anne said passionately.
“Anne, you don’t understand how bad I’ve been,” he said hopelessly.
“I don’t need to know what you were.  I am not your judge.  I can feel the goodness in your heart now.  Marco, God knows everything you’ve done, and He loved you enough to die in your place.  Just believe and ask,” Anne urged. “Can I send you a small book to read about it, Papa?”
“If you send it, I will read it.  Good night, Angel,” he said.
Two or three times a week, Anne heard from John.  They talked for a few minutes.  At odd times, he would show up at the hospital.  He began visiting Bryan regularly.  Sometimes he brought in a puzzle or some magazines.  Anne always peeked in to say hello when he was visiting.  They began going to the cafeteria for coffee.  Anne felt happy when he showed up.  They held hands and laughed together.  On the days he didn’t see her at the hospital, he called her early in the evening.
One afternoon, he called and asked her to go out to a movie with him.  Anne agreed.  About 7 pm John arrived.  They drove to a small theater that showed vintage or cult movies.  “I saw this movie many years ago.  I thought it was very funny.  Have you ever seen “The Gods Must Be Crazy’?” he asked.
“No, that’s a strange title for a movie,” she remarked.
The theater was old, but clean and comfortable.  There were a few groups of people scattered around the theater.  John held Anne’s hand and climbed to the top row.  He hurried down and brought back a box of popcorn.  “It just doesn’t seem like a movie without popcorn,” he said.
When the theater’s lights dimmed and the movie started, John slipped his arm around Anne’s shoulder.  She looked at him and smiled.  His hand settled on her shoulder.  Anne held the popcorn box and they both ate out of it.  One time, they reached in at the same time.  When their hands touched, for a moment neither of them pulled their hand out of the box.  They looked at each other and giggled.  After that it became a game to see who could sneak in without being spotted.
John kept the popcorn container in his peripheral vision.  When he saw her reach for the popcorn, he quickly reached in, captured her hand and pretended to think it was popcorn.  He lifted her hand to his mouth as if he was going to eat it.  Instead he kissed her hand, then her wrist.  Anne giggled and tried to pull her hand away, be he leaned over and kissed her.  He released her hand and she reached up and caressed his face.  The kiss deepened, and Anne felt herself being drawn closer to him.  When the kiss  ended, Anne laid her head back on his shoulder.  She sighed and snuggled against him.
When the movie was over, they walked out of the theater laughing and talking about the funny scenes in the movie.  When they reached Anne’s apartment building, John got out and walked her to her door.  When Anne opened the door and walked in, John followed her.  She offered him a cup of coffee.  They sat down on the sofa. Anne had turned on the radio and mellow music filled the room.  Sitting so close to him, she felt a tension growing between them.  Anne looked at John and longed to have him kiss her.  She looked at him and saw he was staring at her.She leaned towards him and gently placed her lips on his.  When her lips touched his, he pulled her tight against his body.  The kiss seemed to ignite the desire they both felt.  They hugged and kissed again.  Anne felt she was being drawn into a warm, amazing, sensual world.  She could feel her body responding with increased passion.  As she was falling under his spell, she felt John change.  He began pulling back.  He slowly released her.  Anne felt like she had been pushed into a cold shower when all she wanted was a long sensuous bubble bath.
John physically moved away. Anne sat up stiffly.  She got up and walked to the kitchen.  She poured a cup of coffee and offered to refill his cup.  As she walked back into the living room, the telephone rang.  Anne glanced at the clock and then picked up the receiver.  She walked a few steps away from John and turned her back.  She was aware that John could hear her end of the conversation, but she talked anyway.
“Hello, Oh, I’m so glad you called.  I love talking to you.  Thanks for the beautiful gift.  Yes, I got it today.  You didn’t have to send me anything.  Yes, I love it, but I didn’t expect anything.  OK, can I call you back in a little while.  Yes, I have company, but I think he will be leaving soon.  Sure, I’ll call you back in a little while.  Love you,  Bye.”
While Anne talked on the phone, John listened intently to Anne’s words and tone.  It was obvious to him that she was talking to someone she knew well and liked a lot.  “Who is she talking to?  Is she seeing someone else?” his jealous mind thought.  That thought sent chills through him.  He had just come so close to making love to her.  “Have I waited too long to tell her how I feel and to make love to her?” he thought angrily.  Thinking about the caller, John felt anger and suspicion rising in him.
Anne turned around with a smile, walked over and hung up the receiver.  She sighed, picked up her coffee cup and sat down at the kitchen table.
“Isn’t it late for a phone call?” he asked grumpily.  “Was that someone you work with?”
“No to both questions. For the right person, it is never too late or too early.  No, that wasn’t a co-worker.  He was just calling to be sure I received a present he sent me,” Anne said, “and I did.”
“Who is this guy? Why did he send you a gift?  Is it for your birthday?” he asked.
“No, it isn’t my birthday.  He said he saw it and thought about me.  Come to think of it, I don’t have to tell you anything about him or what I do.  Remember, we are just ‘kissing friends’.  We aren’t lovers or in a relationship.  I know more about this man than I know about you.  I don’t really know much about you.  I don’t know what kind of work you do or where you live.  For all I know, you may already have a wife or a live-in lover,” Anne said.
“I’m not married, living with anyone, or dating other people.  You must know how I feel about you,” he said.
“Not really, I haven’t figured out what you really want.  Sometimes I don’t think you even know what or who you really want,” she said.
“Please, Anne, be patient for a little longer, and I’ll explain everything,” John begged.  He walked over to the table and pulled her into his arms.  He felt her stiffen.  When he started to kiss her, she turned her face aside.  “Please, Anne, don’t push me away.  I don’t want to argue.  I want to kiss you and hold you and show you how I feel about you,” John said passionately.
“Like you did a few minutes ago?  Is this some kind of game for you to kiss me and make me want you, and then pull away without a word of explanation?” She asked. “I don’t want to play that game anymore,” she sobbed.
“Anne, don’t do this.  Let me stay with you tonight,” he begged.
“John, I can’t go through this again.  Thanks for the movie, but I think it’s time for you to go home tonight.  It is getting late, and I have a phone call to make,” she added coldly.
Anne opened the door and stood there waiting until John stormed out.  She heard him stomp down the stairs and leave.  She closed the door and sank to the floor crying.
Chapter 6
John got into his car fuming over the things Anne had said.  It wasn’t because they were lies.  It was because he knew that it was true.  He knew he had pulled back, but it certainly wasn’t because of lack of interest!  John slammed his hand down on the steering wheel and cursed his job.
“That does it. No matter what, I’ve got to get out of this assignment.  I can’t afford to lose Anne.  I love her too much,” he swore.
Anne sobbed until no more tears would come.  She got up, washed her face, and drank a glass of cold water.  She walked over, picked up the phone and dialed Marco’s private number.  Anne felt better when she heard his voice.
“Hello, Angel.  Has John gone home?” he asked.
Anne sniffed and said, “Yes, he’s gone.  We just had a terrible argument, and he stormed out.  I’m so confused and hurt.  I don’t know if he’ll ever call or come back.  I don’t know what to do, Marco.  I love him,” Anne confessed.
“If he loves you, he won’t let a silly argument keep him away.  If he doesn’t love you, it’s better to find out now before you get hurt worse later,” Marco advised.
“But I love him so much.  I’ve never felt this way about anyone before.  I don’t really know anything about him.   That’s part of the reason we argued tonight.  I can see how kind and loving he is with the kids and with me, but he’s a mystery that I can’t solve.  All these months that I’ve known him, and I don’t even know where he works or lives.  I don’t know if he might even have a wife and family already.  I’ve tried to get him to talk about himself, but he always changes the subject,” she said.
“There may be other things he’s hiding.  Did you know he wants to work for me?  Men in my line of work don’t talk about what they do,” Marco said.  “”What make you wonder if he is married or involved with another woman?” he asked.
“When we first met, I remember hearing him talking to Joe about wanting to work for you.  That’s all I ever heard about it.  He doesn’t talk about you.  I’ve never told him we talk on the telephone now.  It’s hard to answer the other question.  It’s hard to admit this, even to you.  When he kisses me, I feel totally loved and wanted, but he always pulls back.  There have been times when I wanted him to make love to me, but he’s always stopped.  Even the night at your place when I was so drunk, he could have done anything and I couldn’t or wouldn’t have stopped him.  There have been other times like that, even earlier tonight.  Why does he always pull away and stop?  Is there someone else he’s involved with?  I am so confused and hurt; I don’t know what to think or what to do,” Anne said and began crying again.
Marco said, “Anne, listen to me.  Please calm down.  Crying won’t solve your problem.  Give me a day or two, and I’ll find out information about John.  Once we know the truth about him, we can figure out what to do.  Please, Anne, come up to see me.  You need to get away from there for a while.  Come up here and let me pamper you, my sweet Angel.  You need some of the TLC you are so good at giving.  Please come and let me take care of you,” Marco coaxed.
“Marco, I can’t just drop everything.  I have my job and responsibilities.  I don’t know what to do.  I need to be here to see whether he calls or comes back.  I need to work, too,” she said.
“That’s why you need to get away.  How much help can you give others when you are so upset?” he asked.
“Give me a day or two.  If I’m not better by then, I’ll come and see you.  Thanks, Papa, for caring.  I’m so glad I have you in my life now,” Anne said.
The next day at work, Anne tried to put her argument with John out of her mind, but she was pre-occupied.  The two sisters asked her if she was feeling sick, because she was so quiet and serious.  She kept looking and hoping that John would show up and everything would go back to normal.  He didn’t call or show up on Sunday or Monday. By Monday night when Marco called, she was frantic and very upset.
When Marco repeated his invitation for her to come back to his place, Anne said, ”You were right.  I am not able to do my job very well feeling so unhappy and confused. I‘d like to come and see you. I am going crazy here looking for him and waiting for him to call.  For all I know, he may never come back.”
Marco said, “It would do him good to call and discover you are not waiting by the phone for his call.  He needs to realize he could lose your love.  Either way, come up and let me see what I can do to help.”
Anne dialed her supervisor’s message number.  She had Tuesday and Wednesday off already so she left this message, “ This is Anne Lanford.  I am off Tuesday and Wednesday, but I will need to take a few extra days off.  I know this makes things hard for you, but a personal emergency has come up, and I need to leave town immediately.  I’m not sure when I’ll be back, but I will call you as soon as I know more.  I’m sorry for the short notice.”
Before leaving the apartment, Anne reached for her cell phone.  She started to call John and tell him she was leaving, but all she had was his pager number.   She thought back to what Marco had told her, “It will do him good if he tried to call and you aren’t sitting there waiting for his call.  If he doesn’t call, he’s a fool and he doesn’t deserve you.”  Anne put the cell phone back in her purse.
She packed her suitcase, grabbed her purse and a sweater, locked her apartment, and walked down the stairs to her car.  She loaded everything in the trunk and drove off in her new car.   It was almost midnight when she left town.  The ride up to Marco’s place was long, but uneventful.  In the new car, the ride was smoother and more comfortable.  She sank down into the plush leather seats and headed out of town.  Once out of the metropolitan area, she set the cruise control, adjusted the temperature control, and  turned on the stereo radio.  The roads at that time of night were nearly deserted.  As she drove along, she began to feel a sense of peace and freedom.  This was the first time she had driven her car out of the city, and she was pleased at how easily it climbed the hills.
The miles sped by, but she stopped every hour or two to stretch and have a cup of coffee or a soda.  The sunrise began with bright yellow streaks across the sky.  Then the sun peaked over the foothills and the valley lit up.  The flat lands along the road were filled with crops of alfalfa, fruit trees, grape vines, and small towns.  From the top of the hill, she dropped down into the lush green farmland.  About the halfway point, in her journey, she stopped and got a full tank of gas. She giggled when she thought how important her gas stop had been when she was driving Clunker down from San Jose.
 She thought to herself, “If I hadn’t stopped at that crooked gas station by Marco’s place, I would never have met John again, Marco would be dead and buried, and I would still be nursing Clunker from one garage to another. It’s amazing how one little decision has already changed my life.” 
On Sunday night, after Marco had talked to Anne, he dialed the phone number John had left with him.  It turned out to be a message phone.  Marco left a short message for John, but it certainly got his attention. “If you still want to work for me, I have a business deal for you.  Be at my office this Thursday at noon.  If you aren’t here, I’ll know you aren’t interested, and the deal is off.  This time, come alone,” the message ended.
When John got to work, he checked the message machine.  He listened to Marco’s message two times, before calling Bob Watson, his boss, to report the new development.  This was the break they had been waiting for.  The part about going alone created a problem.  It was standard policy for undercover agents to work with a partner for their own protection and safety.  In John’s present mood, he argued that he would go alone.  He reminded them how long they had been trying to get into his operation.  Reluctantly, Bob agreed to his going alone.
Anne was tired from the long ride, but she was also excited to see Marco again.  In just a few weeks, she felt a close connection with him.  His phone calls had been a lifeline to her sanity.  He had become, in her mind, like her father.  He was someone she could talk to about anything.  His concern and frequent phone calls had helped her feel not  alone anymore.
When she pulled up to the entrance at the resort, Luigi walked over to her car.  He greeted her warmly.  He had the valet park her car in Marco’s private underground parking garage.  He picked up her suitcase and escorted her to the front desk.  The clerk recognized Anne from her first visit.  After registering, Luigi led Anne up to her suite on the top floor near Marco’s office and living quarters.  He opened the door, showed Anne the suite, and put her suitcase on the luggage stand.  Then he led her to Marco’s office.  He knocked on the door and opened it for her to enter.  
Anne walked through the door and rushed over to Marco.  He stood up and she threw her arms around him and hugged him close.  Luigi closed the door behind him and walked away whistling.  For a long time, Anne and Marco stayed in a silent embrace.
Marco held her and kissed her cheek.  When they stepped apart, Marco gallantly kissed her hand.  He looked at Anne and said, “You look very beautiful this morning.  How was your trip?”
“Thanks, I needed that compliment.  The drive was long, but it was so beautiful driving by the ocean.  My new car is so much easier to drive than Clunker.  It is wonderful.  It is the nicest thing I have ever owned.  Thanks again, Marco.  When I sell my dad’s house, I’d like to pay you back,” Anne said.
“No, Anne.  I will not accept money from you.  It was a gift, and gifts cannot be paid for.  Knowing that you like it so much is more than enough payment for me.  How are you feeling now?” he asked.
“I am still confused and hurting, but seeing you has already helped me.  John hasn’t call me or come to see me or the kids at work.  I hoped he would call, but he hasn’t.  Have you learned anything about him yet?” Anne asked anxiously.
“I’ve made inquiries, but I haven’t received the answers yet.  By Thursday, I should have more accurate information.  Have you eaten anything today? I can have food brought up here—unless you’d rather go out,” Marco offered.
“I’d rather stay here and talk to you.  Have you eaten?” Anne asked.
“Not yet.  Would you prefer breakfast or lunch?” he asked.
“Whatever you want is fine with me. It’s so good to see you again,” Anne said .
Marco called room service and ordered two breakfasts. In about 20 minutes, a waiter delivered the rolling cart.  He rolled it inside and transferred the dishes and beverages onto the table.  Mr. M nodded and he quickly turned and left.  When Anne walked over to join him at the table, she smiled when she saw the French toast breakfast on the table.  Marco held out her chair and seated her.  He sat down across from her.
Ann smiled, “You have a good memory, Papa.  You remembered what I ordered when we first met.  Thank you again,” she said.
“I learn and remember  the things that are important to me.  I want to learn all about you, Angel.  You have drastically changed me, and how I feel and think,” Marco declared.
“My dear friend, your kindness to me and your phone calls have deeply affected me, too.  Thank you for inviting me to come and see you again.  I felt like I was going crazy sitting in my apartment waiting for a phone call or visit that never came.  My heart aches because I still love him and want him.  I don’t know many facts about John.  All I know is what I’ve seen and heard when he’s around.  He is so kind and gentle and caring with the kids at the hospital and with me, too.  I’m hoping you can help me learn the truth about him so I will know what to do,” Anne said.
“By Thursday afternoon, at the latest, I should know all about him.  Are you sure you want to learn the truth?” he asked.
“”Yes, Marco, please always tell me the truth about everything.  I don’t want to live based on lies.  Truth sometimes does hurt at the moment, but lies can destroy the present and the future.  Even if it is bad news, I prefer the truth.  Marco, I need to confess something.  After I was here the first time, I went on the computer and looked up information about you.  I hope you’ll forgive me for snooping, but I was curious about this interesting man I had met,” Anne apologized.
“I forgive you.  In fact, I admire you for doing that.  I also respect you for telling me.  That took courage and integrity.  Just don’t believe everything you read or hear is absolute truth. What did you learn?” he asked hesitantly.
“I found things that you have been rumored or accused of doing, but that you’ve never been convicted.  You told me yourself that you had done bad things in your life.  The Marco I met and am talking to now is not the same man who did those things.  There were several articles about drug deals, prostitution, and illegal gambling.  From my experience and observation during my first stay here, I can easily believe the gambling and prostitution, too.  I believe there have also been drugs.  No matter what I read or heard there, it did not make me think any less of you.  I am still here, and I still care about you.  Thanks for being honest with me and for being my friend,” Anne explained.
Marco squeezed her hand, “Thank you, Anne, but I will admit most of those charges and many others are true.  I’ve just been lucky and careful and haven’t been convicted.  I have tried to keep innocent people from being hurt, but I know I haven’t always succeeded in that.  After meeting and getting to know you, I realized how dirty and evil my life has been.  I know I’m not worthy of your friendship, but I feel blessed to have met you.  I will try from now on to live a better life style for you, my Sweet Angel, so you won’t be ashamed of knowing me.”
“There’s something I’ve wondered and worried about.  What happened to those three men you caught that night in the lounge, the three men I told you about?” Anne asked timidly.
“In the past, they would have just disappeared permanently, but I talked to the ones who had sent them.  I straightened things out with them. Then I sent the  men back to Chicago unharmed,” Marco explained.
“Thank you.  I was afraid what I  told you might have ended up with them being hurt or, as you put it, disappearing.  You’ve given me peace now,” Anne said
After breakfast, Marco said, “I have some special fun things planned for you.  This afternoon would you like to go swimming, play tennis or golf; work with a personal trainer in our gym; have a facial, manicure and pedicure; or take a tour of some of the surrounding tourist attractions.  I think you’d probably enjoy any of them,” he added.
“I’ve never done any of them.  What would you suggest?” Anne asked.
“The weather is so beautiful today.  I would do something outside, go for a ride or play one of the sports,” he answered.
“I’ll follow your advice.  I’d like to see more of this area where you live.  The tour sounds like fun,” she decided.  “Would you be going with me?”
“I would be very happy to accompany you,” he agreed happily.
Marco called the desk and asked Luigi to come to his suite.  When Luigi arrived, Macro told him to bring his convertible to the front so they could take a trip around the area.  “You know this place well, Luigi.  I’d like you to drive Anne and me around to a few places so she can see what it is like up here in our beautiful valley.”
 In a few minutes, Luigi arrived at the front desk and picked them up.  Marco and Anne climbed into the back seat.  The top was down  so Anne tied a scarf around her head.  The sun shone down on them as Luigi headed out to the first place, a town called Solvang.  It was a quaint little town built to look like an old Danish village.  Anne and Marco walked together through the streets looking in all the little shops filled with beautifully carved and decorated cuckoo clocks, colorful clothing, statues and wood carvings, and delicately scented candles of all shapes and colors. Other shops were filled with amazing assortments of candies, cookies, and flavored coffees.
  Although it wasn’t Christmas time, some of the shops had elaborate Christmas trees fully trimmed with beautiful handmade decorations and ornaments.  There were candles, sweaters, and toys for children.   Anne noticed that Luigi usually walked a few feet behind them.  She watched him and realized he was still working, discretely watching for signs of potential trouble. He was always far enough away to give them privacy, but close enough to head off any problems.  Knowing he was there gave her a sense of protection and security.
Whenever Anne stopped to look at something, Marco offered to buy it for her.  “No, Papa, I don’t need that.  Put your money away,” she said.
 “I know you don’t need it, but I’d like to get it for you,” Marco said.  When she wasn’t looking, Marco handed Luigi some money, and he purchased a delicate necklace with sapphires and white diamonds in the shape of a heart that she had admired.  He slipped it to Marco after they got back to the car. 
 Before leaving town, they stopped at a Danish bakery.  They all went inside and ordered an assortment of delicious Danish pastries and hot cups of flavored coffee.  Luigi and Marco chatted about the old days in the Chicago neighborhood where they had grown up.  Anne laughed at the stories of some of the scrapes they got into.
After leaving Solvang, they headed toward the coast.  Before reaching it, they stopped at a beautiful old Spanish mission that had been started by Father Serra in the early days of Spanish exploration of California.  They looked at the buildings and toured the gardens.  It was quiet, peaceful, and cool inside the thick walled mission building.  The Sanctuary was dark, although there were stained glass windows along the side walls. Rows of candles burned on the edge of the altar area.  Marco and Luigi walked forward, lit candles, and added them to the others already on the altar.  They knelt down and said a quick prayer.  Anne waited reverently while they prayed.
There was a large circular fountain in the garden.  Marco sat down beside it and took Anne’s hand in his.  “I had forgotten how lovely this place is.  I guess I am seeing it through your eyes today.  When you are around me, things look different.  The sunshine is brighter; the flowers are more beautiful; and my mind is more peaceful.  Thanks for allowing me to see these things with you.  We have one more place that is just a few miles from here.  Do you feel like seeing one more place today?”
“Oh, yes, Marco.  I am enjoying this so much.  Normally I always do things alone.  That’s not much fun.  Being here with you and Luigi, I have someone to share what I see and feel.  Just lead the way. I feel peaceful and happy here, but I know I will like the next place, too.  The truth is: that it isn’t the place that is so special. It’s sharing the time with someone who is special.  Thanks for taking time out of your busy day to come with me,” Anne said gratefully.
When they arrived at the next place, Anne laughed happily.  “I love the ocean.  It is deep and mysterious and always moving.  With the beautiful sunshine today, look at how blue and lovely it looks!”
Anne took off her shoes and walked along the shore for a while.  Anne and Marco sat down on a large rock near the water and watched the waves coming in, hitting against the rocks, and  then rushing  up the beach.  Finally the waves slowed and began tumbling and rolling back to the waiting ocean.  Anne leaned against Marco and he put his arms around her shoulder.  They sat there watching the sea gulls soaring effortlessly in the sky and then land just beyond the wave line.  The sun began to move toward the western horizon, while they walked slowly back to the car.
Being outside in the sun made Anne feel very relaxed and drowsy.  As they rode home, Marco noticed her yawning.  She laughed and said, “It’s not the company, I just feel so relaxed and content.”
“No need to apologize.  I feel the same way. Come, lean your head on my shoulder, if you want, and take a quick nap.  We should be home in a short time.”  Marco put his arm around her and Anne relaxed and lay her head on his shoulder.
Later that night, after dinner at the café, they went to the Lounge and watched the stage show.  Besides a trio of musicians, there was a standup comic. He talked about crazy things people do when they are trying to make an impression on someone of the opposite sex.  What made it even funnier was that Anne could visualize what he was saying.  
As they watched the show, cocktails were served.  Anne looked at them suspiciously.  Marco laughed and said, “I learned my lesson the last time you were here.  Only very weak drinks or non-alcoholic drinks for you.  I want you to be relaxed and happy, not comatose and  hung-over.  Tell me when you are tired and want to leave.  I am ready whenever you are,” Marco added.
A few minutes later, Anne and Marco left the lounge.  Luigi and one other man walked behind them down the hall.  When they got to Anne’s room, Luigi opened the door and then handed Anne the keycard.  When Marco and Anne walked into the room, she noticed there were fresh flowers on the table.  Marco looked into Anne’s eyes.  He could tell she was sleepy.  He gave her a hug and kissed her on the forehead.
“Sleep well, my Angel.  Tomorrow you will be pampered at the spa. Call me when you wake up.  I want you to get plenty of rest so you can think clearly and enjoy things more.  If you need anything at any time, call me.  I am just down the hall.  I’ll see you in the morning.  Thanks for letting me share today with you.  I love you, Anne,” he saidbefore walking down to his room.
Anne took a long, leisurely bubble bath. She lay back soaking in the warm sudsy water.  She stretched and relaxed.  She hadn’t had a bubble bath like this, that she could remember, since she was a young girl. After the bath, she toweled off and slipped into her nightgown.  With a sigh, she climbed into her bed and quickly drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, Anne and Marco went to The Café for breakfast.  Marco explained, “I have some business meetings today.  I have arranged a day of pampering set up for you at the spa and the boutique.  At about 9 am, you will go the spa to begin the ‘full treatment’.  Lorie, the manager, will take care of your day.  You will get the full treatment - a facial, manicure, pedicure, a massage,  a special hair treatment and makeup treatment.  You are already very  beautiful, but I’m curious to see how much more glamorous you will be after all that.  I will call you when my meetings are over, and we will decide what to do for dinner and afterwards.”
After eating, Marco personally escorted Anne to the Spa.  Lorie, the manager, greeted them warmly.
Marco said, “I am leaving her in your capable hands.  Give her the best glamour treatment for my dear friend.  I know you will enjoy a day of pampering.”
Lorie grinned and said, “I hope we can live up to his expectations.  I don’t think you need a make-over,  That would like trying to paint a rose to make it beautiful.  We will work with your natural beauty.  Have you ever had a spa treatment before?”
“No, I’ve never been to a spa.  I don’t know what to expect, but I’m eager to begin,  I never had enough money or time to have a facial or a massage or any of these fancy treatments,” Anne admitted with a shy smile.
For the first part of the treatment, Lorie turned her over to the first attendant for a cleansing facial.  When she was finished with the facial, she was given a hand massage and a manicure.  Then she had a foot and lower leg massage and pedicure.  Anne watched everything and felt like royalty with everyone waiting on her.  About lunch time, Lori brought in a tray with a salad and sandwich for each of them.  They sat down and chatted during the meal.  Lori was about 15 years older than Anne.  While talking, she learned that Lori was a divorced woman with a 12 year old daughter.  She had worked for Marco about 10 years.  Anne explained her work as a nurse with children with serious health problems.  Lori asked many questions and Anne told her about some of her new charges.
“It must be wonderful knowing you are helping those kids.  I wish I could do something that helped people like that, but I like what I do here,” Lori said.
“What you do is important, too.  When a woman feels good about how she looks, it makes facing her daily life much easier and happier.  That’s something special, too,” Anne said.
Lorie asked Anne, “How are you enjoying your day at the Spa?”
Anne answered, “I don’t really know exactly what’s going on, but it is fun to see how the rich and famous people live.”
Lori laughed and said, “Well, the best is still to come!”
After lunch, Anne was turned over to Christopher, a tall muscular man, for a Swedish massage.  Anne felt shy and self-conscious about getting a massage, especially from a handsome man, but after a few moments, Christopher’s skillful hands began working magic on her muscles.  She gradually relaxed and thoroughly enjoyed the massage. Anne felt all the tension draining out of her body.  “If I were a cat, I’d be purring,” she sighed.
“I’m glad you are enjoying it.  Too bad, but I am all out of catnip,” he said with a chuckle.
The last stop was at the Hair Salon to have her hair styled, a facial and makeup treatment.  Lorie took over and washed Anne’s hair. “This is what I enjoy doing.  I love styling hair and putting the finishing touches on my clients.   She looked closely at Anne’s face shape and coloring.  First, she trimmed it and then styled it.  When she began selecting the makeup colors, Anne said, “Don’t put on a lot of makeup.  Make it very subtle.  I don’t like a face that looks and feels like it is painted on.”
Lori said, “You’re right.  I agree with that.  Too much heavy make up makes a woman look old and cheap.  Luckily, you already have beautiful skin color and smooth complexion.  Let’s just put on a light foundation and eye makeup.  You have the most beautiful eyes and full eyelashes.  We want them to stand out.  A little eye shadow in the right shade will set them off and make them sparkle .  If you don’t like it, I’ll remove it and do it again.”
Afterwards, Anne looked carefully at her face.  Finally she said, “Lori, I didn’t realize how much a good makeup job could help my appearance.  Sometime may I come back so you could teach me how to do that myself?  It didn’t take much time, and it did make an amazing difference.  Let’s leave it just like it is.”
Chapter 7
While John drove up to his meeting with Marco on Friday at noon, he thought back over the time since he and Anne had argued.  He couldn’t stop thinking about Anne.  After leaving her apartment after the movie and argument, he had driven home and done something he had not done since his partner had been killed five years earlier.  He got out a bottle of whiskey, and he drank until he passed out.  
When he reported to the police station to work the next day, he learned he was temporarily assigned to a assist a special task force that was handling a major drug case.  All day Sunday and Monday, he had been staking out the suspect’s location, and he had not been able to call her. He fretted about Anne and was quieter and grumpier than usual. When he finally got off the assignment, Even though it was very late when he got home on Monday night, he tried to call her.  Her phone was either out of order or was off the hook.  He kept calling after that, but with the same result.  No one answered her phone.
On Wednesday, he was frantic and decided he had to see her and talk to her.  He went to the hospital and looked for her.  Terri and Sherri, the two sisters, said she had not been there for a couple of days.  They said, “She was acting quiet and sad the last time she was here.  We hope she isn’t sick.”  He stopped by to see Bryan and heard the same information about Anne.  Before leaving, he went to the nursing supervisor’s desk.  He asked, “Do you know where I can find Nurse Anne Lanford?”
“I’m sorry.  I don’t know where she is.  She called Monday and left a message that she had to go out of town on a personal emergency.  She said she wasn’t sure when she’d be back, but she’d call when she knew more.  So far, she hasn’t called,” the woman answered.
John drove over to her apartment.  Her car wasn’t in her parking space, but he walked up to her apartment anyway.  He tried to look into the window.  Nothing looked disturbed or out of place, as far as he could tell.  No one appeared to be home.  He knocked on her neighbor’s door and asked, “Do you know where Anne, your neighbor, is?”
The neighbor, a woman about 40 years old said, “She left here late Monday night,about eleven, I think.  I passed her on the stairs.  She had a suitcase and a jacket with her.  She seemed in a hurry.  I said ‘Hi’, but I guess she didn’t hear me.”
“Was she with anyone else?” John asked.
“I didn’t see anyone.  I think she left alone,” she answered.
John went back to his place and spent a restless night pacing the floor.  All kinds of terrible possibilities crossed his mind.  Did their argument cause her to run to a rival’s arms?  Have I lost contact with her again?  Is she somewhere hurt and alone?  Is she in some kind of trouble?  Lots of questions, but no good answers.  He cursed everything, especially himself, for having left her that night without telling her the truth that he loved her and wanted to marry her.  He called the police and the hospitals to see if she’d been in an accident.  He called her cell phone, but it was either turned off or she wasn’t answering his calls.  He paced the floor and worried about her.  Finally about midnight, he grabbed his suitcase, quickly packed it, and headed to his car to drive up to meet Marco.
As he drove along the highway, he kept thinking about the night he had run into Anne at Marco’s place.  He keenly remembered every detail of the night he had spent with her in the hotel room.  He could almost feel the warmth of her body against his.  He longed to see her, hold her, and make love to her.  He realized she could be almost anywhere, but she wasn’t with him.  That drove him crazy with jealousy and fear.  Gloom settled over him as he drove up the highway to Marco’s resort.
It was about 11 am when he arrived at Marco’s resort.  He got his suitcase, went in and got a room for the night.  After stowing his suitcase, he had a cup of coffee to try to perk him up.  A little before noon, he went to the reception desk and said, “I’m John Williamson. I have an appointment with Mr. M at noon.  Would you let him know that I’m here?” John said.
The desk clerk called and delivered the message.  In a few minutes, Luigi came down and escorted John to Marco’s office.  Luigi knocked and walked inside with John.  He pulled his gun out and aimed it at John.
“Give me your weapons.  No one has a private meeting with Mr. M unless he surrenders his gun,” Luigi explained.
John looked from Luigi to Mr. M.  “It’s your game and your rules, Marco.”  He pulled his jacket back revealing his gun and holster.  Luigi moved forward and removed the gun.  “Do you want to check for other weapons?” he asked sarcastically,  “I may have a sharp pencil in my shirt pocket.  I expected more trust than this, after helping save your life.” he spat out. 
Marco laughed, “I like your attitude, but it’s a dangerous world, and I like to keep the odds in my favor. You’ll get it back before you leave.  Thanks, Luigi, you can leave us alone now.  I’ll call when I need you.”
Luigi left and closed the door behind him.  Marco motioned for John to come and sit down by his desk.  John sat down and looked directly at Marco.  Marco noticed his direct gaze and grinned. “You have a lot of moxie. Not many people keep their eye contact like you do.  I was impressed by the way you took charge when Anne told you of the plot on my life.  I appreciate your part in stopping their plot.  You could have just left and been safely out of here when it happened.  Have you seen or talked to Anne since you left here?” Marco asked.
“Yes, I took her to get her car, and I’ve seen here at her work a few times.  We see each other from time to time,” he answered evasively.
“I thought you two were closer friends than that.  You don’t date or talk on the phone?” Marco asked again.
“We are good friends,” he said again.
“What are your plans or intentions about Anne?” Marco asked slowly.
“That’s none of your business.  Am I here to see about a job or just to chitchat?” John asked angrily.
“Both.  One depends on the other.  Let me change to another subject.  Tell me what you want from me.  What are you looking for or hoping for?” Marco pressed.
“I told you before.  I’m tired of working at penny-ante jobs doing the dirty work while someone else rakes in the dough.  I’m looking for a way to earn some big money fast.  You name the job, and, if the price is right, I’ll do it.  If not, then find another worker.  I want to work for you because I’ve heard you run a tight organization and do things right.  If you don’t want my services, you aren’t the only game in town,” John grumbled.
“Don’t get huffy with me.  I like to know the men I hire.  Tell me some of the things you’ve done in the past,” Marco said.
“I haven’t worked for anyone as big as you.  Mostly I’ve done muscle work, body guarding, running numbers, delivering packages, but I can do anything you tell me to do,” John bragged.
“I have two big problems in hiring you.  You have no past. From all I’ve checked out, and I have checked carefully, you’ve only been alive two years.  No record or mention older than two years. I’ve seen that before.  That one I can work around.”
“OK, what’s the other problem?” he asked.
“First, another question.  When you slept in the hotel room with Anne, why didn’t you have sex with her?  She was drunk and unable to stop you?” Marco questioned.
“Do you have all the rooms bugged or videoed?  It’s none of your business what we did or didn’t do.  How do you know what supposedly happened?” he asked angrily.
“She told me.  Again, I know you’ve been seeing her more seriously than you admit.  What are your intentions about her?” Marco barked.
“What gives you the right to ask about that?” John answered.
“I have special plans for her myself.  I won’t let her get involved with a small time hustler who only cares about himself, but I do have a solution for both of us.  You want money, and I want her,” Marco said, carefully watching John’s reaction.
“You leave her out of this.  She’s too good for you.  Don’t even think about touching her.  If you harm her in any way, I’ll find a way to kill you!” John yelled.
Marco laughed, “Here’s my offer.  I’ll give you $100,000 cash right now if you will disappear from her life and never call her or see her again.”
John stood up, clenched his fists and shook his head NO.
“How about $250,000-----$500,000?” Marco continued.
“You could offer me every penny you have, and I’d never accept it.  She’s worth more to me than any amount of money.  Just leave her alone,” John threatened.
“Does this mean you love her and want her for yourself?” Marco asked.
“She’s too sweet, innocent, and pure for you—or me, but I do admit that I love her with all my heart.  Please don’t hurt her,” John begged.
Marco sat back in his chair and studied John’s face. He shook his head and smiled, “Thank you for finally being honest with me.  Now I know you are not the kind of person I hire.  First, I am positive you are an undercover cop of some kind. You probably work for a state or maybe even a federal agency.  They are the only ones who have no past.  Second, you are not really money hungry.  A true mob man would sell his wife or mother or both for that kind of money.  Third, you did not take advantage of Anne that night when she was alone in your room and unable to defend herself.  You treated her with respect and love.  Mob men know nothing of these things.”
John sank down in his chair.  “All right.  You figured it all out correctly. I am a cop.  We’ve been trying to infiltrate your organization, but haven’t had any success.  I have always hated this kind assignment.  I’ve been trying to get out of this assignment since I first met and fell in love with Anne.  As long as I was mixed up in this dirty business, I couldn’t tell her anything.  I didn’t want to put her in danger.  It may already be too late for me to win her love.  We had an argument last week.  Now she’s left town, and I can’t find her.  I’ve been worried sick about her since I saw her last week.  Now what?  You know I’m a cop and a spy.  You’ve got my gun.  If I’ve lost her, I don’treally care about living.  You’d better kill me, because I promise you, if you hurt her in any way, I’ll find a way to destroy you,” John swore.
“Three months ago, I would have had you killed for snooping around here, but not anymore.  Anne is a sweet, beautiful Angel.  I know where Anne is right now . She’s been staying here with me.  She came to me because she is hurt and confused because of you.  She asked me to try to find about you.  You two need to talk honestly.  She loves you, and I can tell you truly love her.”
“I don’t believe you.  Why would she come to you or call you?” John asked.
Marco dialed the Spa’s number and asked to speak to Anne.  He pushed the speaker phone button.  In a minute, Anne answered the phone. “Hello,” John heard her voice say.
“Anne, this is Marco.  My appointment is running a little late.  When you finish there, go to your suite.  I’ll come and pick you up for dinner.  Later we can spend the rest of the evening in your suite.  Does that sound all right?” He asked.
“Of course, whatever you want to do is all right with me.  Call me when you’re finished,” Anne said happily.
John’s mouth dropped open when he heard her agreeing to Marco’s plans.  He stared at Marco with intense jealousy and anger.  “If you’ve touched her or hurt her in any way, I’ll find a way to stop you or die trying.  I love her, and I want to marry her,” John announced.
“That is what I was hoping to hear you say.  Anne has become very dear to me.  We’ve spent many hours talking to each other on the phone since she was up here with you.  I deeply love her, too, but not in the way you are thinking.  She is like a daughter to me.  I love her, and she has changed me completely with her sweet innocence, her compassion, and love for others.  I once had a beautiful wife and daughter.  They both died during a bank robbery.  Anne has touched my heart like the daughter I once held and loved.  I would never do anything or allow anyone to hurt her.  Anne came to me the way a daughter would come to her father, because she is so deeply in love with you.  She has been so worried and nervous because you kept your life so secret.  She asked me to find out what you are hiding, like secret life that might include a wife or a girlfriend.  She admitted she wanted you to make love to her.  She is so confused because you haven’t.  She’s afraid you don’t love her.  She cried and asked ‘Why does he always stop?  Doesn’t he want me?’” Marco reported.
“I know I could have taken her that first night, but I didn’t want a one night stand.  I knew, even then, that I loved her and wanted to marry her and take care of her forever.  I wanted her, but I wanted her to love me.  How could she have loved or respected me if I had treated her so callously?” John explained.  “As long as I was undercover, I couldn’t tell her how I really felt.  I didn’t want her involved or in danger, because of my job,” John said.
“If she were here right now, what would you do or say?” Marco asked quietly.
“I’d tell her everything and ask her to marry me.  I love her and want to marry her so much.  I’ve been going crazy with fear that I’d lost her.  All I really want is a way out of this mess.  Then I will do everything I can to win her love,” John said.
“I think I have a plan that will help you and me and Anne.  I’m being totally honest with you, but I need your promise that you will not tell Anne or any of my associates what I am about to tell you, until I agree,” Marco explained.
“If I have your promise that Anne will be safe and protected, I will promise to never tell anyone what you tell me,” John said.
Marco stood up, walked around the desk and shook John’s hand.  “Then we have a deal,” Marco said.  Marco took a small cassette recorder from his desk drawer.  He quickly turned it off and slipped it into his jacket pocket. He got a pitcher of water and moved over to a small table, and he motioned for John to join him there.  Marco poured a glass of water and sat down.  He pulled a small pill bottle out of his pocket, opened it, and took out two small white pills.  He put them in his mouth, took a gulp of water and swallowed them.
“Since meeting Anne, I’ve been forced to think about my life.  It has been filled with crime, dirty business deals, and evil.  I feel sick thinking about all the bad things I’ve done.  Anne’s sweet purity has touched my heart and made me want to change and make amends, as much as I can, for all the bad I’ve done.  This is what I don’t want anyone to know, especially Anne, not yet.  I recently learned I have stage 4 lymphatic cancer.  It is incurable, inoperable, because it  has spread throughout my body.  I probably have less than five months to live, according to my doctors.  During the last part of that time, I will become very ill and helpless.  If you will help me, I will give you all the records, information, names and dirt on all the slime I have worked with in this state and other areas.  You will have complete access to all my papers and computer records.  You can video tape my testimony.  I will help you clean out the illegal drugs, prostitution rings, violence, and corruption here.  All you have to do is come “work for me” as my assistant.  Anne has a very small understanding of what I have done, but nothing specific.  I want to shield her from as much as I can.  I will give you all the facts and figures.  I hope this will, in a small way, help make up for part of the evil I have done.  I will also tell Anne that she can completely trust you.  Then it will be up to the two of you to decide what to do next.  I hope you can win her love and marry her.  In a few months, I will be dead, and I won’t be able to protect her.  I want her to be safe and protected by a man who truly loves her.  Are you willing to come and work for me on those terms?” Marco asked seriously.
Marco and John shook hands and agreed to the deal.  Marco took him over and showed him his private files.  Marco told him he could copy or make notes on anything.  If he had questions,  he would explain anything.  He said he would leave him there to start seeing if anything would be helpful to his investigation.  John began looking through the files.  Marco went to his desk, retrieved a small digital recorder and left the office.  He walked down and knocked on Anne’s door.  
When Anne opened the door, Marco whistled softly.  “My Angel, you look amazing.  I love the way your eyes look.  You are gorgeous!” he said. “I have the information you wanted about John.  I recorded it for you.  Come and sit down and let me play it for you.”  Marco started playing the tape of his meeting with John, but stopped it  before the part where he told about his illness. They sat down on the sofa and Marco pushed the button.  When Anne heard John’s voice, she gasped.  Marco took her hand and held it in his.  When Anne heard John refuse to accept money, a tremendous amount of money, to leave her, her mouth dropped open.  When he admitted that he loved her and would die before he let anyone hurt her, she had tears in her eyes.  The news that John was an undercover policeman helped her understand why he had been so secretive.  When she heard him say that he loved her and wanted to marry her, she smiled happily.
Marco briefly explained that John had agreed to help him and would be working for him, but would give all information he learned to the police when he was finished.  
Anne asked, “What will happen to you after John turns in the evidence?”
Marco said, “Don’t worry about that, my Angel.  I am okay with it.”
Marco squeezed her hand.  Anne slid over and hugged him. “Are you happy with this news, my angel?” Marco asked with a smile. 
Anne kissed him and said, “Yes, I just wish we hadn’t fought and parted the way we did.  I hope he will still love me and want me,” Anne said.
Marco smiled and said, “He’d be a fool not to love you.  I’m sure he will find you, and you will be together again.”  Marco excused himself and went back to his office.  
John was still sitting at Marco’s desk with papers spread out around him.  “Have you found anything that you can use?” Marco asked.
John looked up, “Are you kidding.  This is amazing.  I still can’t believe you’re going to reveal this!”
“I think it is time to stop working for today.  I have something else you might want to check out before we go to dinner.  It is in room 621.  You should check it out right away.  It is more important than these figures!” Marco said.
He called Luigi, “Take John to Room 621 and leave him there.”
Anne started to listen to the tape again.  It had only been playing about ten minutes when she heard a knock on the door.  Anne stopped the tape and opened the door to let Marco back inside.  When she pulled the door open, Anne froze in shock when she saw John standing in the doorway.
“Are you going to ask me in?” John asked with a grin.
“Of course, John, come in,” she stammered.
He walked in, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her.  “I’ve been frantic trying to find you.  Don’t ever leave me again.  Why did you leave without telling me where you were going?”
“How could I tell you that I needed to come up here when you were the reason.  Why didn’t you tell me about your job?” she asked.
“I couldn’t tell you. I didn’t want you to be mixed up in this mess or in be danger because of my job.  Didn’t you understand how much I loved you and wanted you?” he asked.
“John, how could I know.  Sometimes you seemed to want me, but you always pulled back.  You never tried to make love to me.  I didn’t think you really wanted me or loved me, or I thought there was someone else in your life,” she admitted.
“My darling Anne, the hardest thing I ever did was not making love to you that first night.  I didn’t want to take advantage of you.  I wanted to make love to you and have you give yourself to me willingly.  To have taken advantage of you that night, I would have been worse than that drunk, because I was someone you trusted as a friend.  I wanted you for more than one night.  Even then, I knew I loved you and wanted to marry you.  I think I fell in love with you while I watched you with your young patients.  Until I could get out of this assignment, I couldn’t be totally honest with you.  Now that you know everything, will you marry me, Anne?  Think carefully, because once I make love to you, I will never willingly let you go,” John said.
Anne leaned into his embrace and pressed her mouth against his lips.  She felt her body melting and molding against his body with such eager passion that left no doubt that her answer would definitely be yes.  Reluctantly he loosened his embrace and pulled away.  Anne answered breathlessly, “Yes, I love you, John, and I’d love to be your wife.  When?”  she asked.  “I love you and want you so much.”
“Whenever, wherever, I want to marry you and make love to you, my wife.  You haven’t ever made love before, have you?” John asked gently.
Anne blushed at his question, “No, John, I haven’t.”
“All my life I have waited and prayed to find a pure woman to love totally.  Now I am sure I’ve been waiting for you.  I want the first night we make love to be on our wedding night.  You alone are all I want or need,” he whispered and kissed her passionately.
“We’d better get married very soon, because I want to make love to you right now,” she whispered huskily.
At a knock on the door, John reluctantly released her and opened the door.  Marco looked at their flushed faces and grinned.  “I see you two have already talked everything over.  When do you want to get married?” he asked.
“As soon as possible,” they both answered together.
“I have a contact who can rush the paperwork through.  We have plenty of room here for a wedding.  I’d be happy to arrange a wedding for you tonight, if you want.  Anne, I’d be honored to walk you down the aisle and give you away.  There’s no reason to wait, is there?  Afterwards you both could stay here while John works with me.  There’s plenty of room, and it makes a lot of sense,” Marco explained.
“What about my job and my apartment?” Anne asked.
“That can all be arranged.  The main thing is your getting married and being together,” Marco said.
 “How soon could we get married?” John asked.
“Give me 3-4 hours and I can get everything together.  I’ll need to make a couple of phone calls, but everything else we need is already here at the resort,” Marco said.
“Tonight seems like a wonderful time to get married,” John said.  “Are you sure you want to marry me?  Anne, can you be ready that soon?”
“Yes, John, I love you.  I’m not sure how, but I’ll be ready tonight,” Anne promised.
Chapter 8
Marco called Lori and Luigi to come to his office immediately.  He went to his office and called his contact, the local Justice of the Peace, “ I have a young couple who want to get married tonight.  Can you do me a favor?  They need a marriage license right away.  Is there a way you could bring the papers here to be filled out and then perform the ceremony for them?  Thanks, Bruce, I really appreciate it.  I’ll see you here about 7:00.  Just come to my office when you get here,” Marco said.
Luigi and Lori were waiting when Marco got off the phone.  He quickly explained he wanted them to put together a wedding for John and Anne for tonight.  They looked at each other in shock. He gave Lori a list of things he thought she could help Anne get ready.  Lori’s list included getting clothes for the wedding and honeymoon.  She would also assist Anne with her hair and makeup, help her get dressed in her gown, and help during the ceremony.  He assigned Luigi to help John purchase wedding rings and clothes for the ceremony and honeymoon and assist him with any other things he needed.  Marco said, “I’ll take care of the rest.  That would include  the place for the ceremony, the cake, flowers, reception room, the food, and preparing the Bridal Suite.  “The wedding will start about 8 pm.  You two will act as their Bridesmaid and Best Man,” he announced.
Lori and Luigi rushed over to Anne’s room.  Lori hurried Anne off to do some serious shopping.  They rushed down to the boutique to see what dresses they had in stock that she could use for a wedding dress.   If there was nothing appropriate, they would have to drive about 30 miles to the nearest place with a large clothing store.  That would take more time than they had to spare.  Lori rushed Anne out of the room to the Boutique.  After the girls left, Luigi and John headed out to get what they needed.
When Anne and Lori arrived at the Boutique, they began searching through the racks of clothes.  Anne found three evening dresses in her size.  She took all three into the changing room to try them on.  The first dress was a slinky gold beaded evening gown with a halter top.  It was cut low in the back with a high slits on the side hems.  Anne tried it on.  It looked good on her, but she didn’t really like it for a wedding dress.  The second dress was much simpler.  It had a low scoop neck in pink taffeta with white lace around the neckline.  It had a flared skirt with a pale pink tulle skirt overlaying the pink taffeta underskirt.  The third dress had thin straps that attached to the lace trimmed bodice over a full circle chiffon layered skirt with a handkerchief hemline.  It was a light sky blue with white lace accents around the bodice and around the waistline.
Anne and Lori looked carefully over the three choices.  “None of these are traditional wedding dresses, but this isn’t a big traditional wedding either.  Any of them would work, but I think the last dress is the best one.  It would be perfect if I could find a lacy jacket or a lace scarf or mantilla for my head,” Anne said.  They looked around, but couldn’t find anything like it. 
 Lori said, “I have a beautiful old lace mantilla that belonged to my grandmother.  I think it would look wonderful with this dress.  Let me run home and get it.  I’ll be back in about 20 minutes.  While I’m gone, you need to pick out some nice lingerie and night wear.  Also look for some new clothes for your honeymoon—play clothes, swim suits, etc.  What about shoes?  If you need jewelry you can either borrow it from the jewelry store or buy it.  Marco said to get the best of everything that you two might need.” Lori hurried out to get her mantilla.
Anne chose a silky nightgown and peignoir in purple and white.  She found a pair of heels to go with her dress and some lacy underwear and a half slip.  She had just finished shopping when Lori came running in carrying the beautiful old fashioned lacy mantilla.  The lace was delicate and was long enough to wear over her head and drape down below her shoulders.  It made a perfect veil and frame for her face.  They had all the purchases delivered to Anne’s suite.  They hurried to the Salon. Lori opened it and quickly re-did Anne’s hair.  She decided to leave part of her hair hanging down to her shoulders, the rest she pinned up on Anne’s head and made soft curls around her face.  The last step was touching up her makeup.
When Lori was at her  house, she had changed into a soft pink cocktail dress.  After finishing their hair and makeup, they hurried up to Anne’s suite.  Lori helped Anne slip into her new dress.  Lori carefully draped and fastened the lacy mantilla over Anne’s hair.
When they had just finished, there was a knock on the door.  Marco stood there with the Justice of the Peace.  They got Anne’s information and her signature on the license. “I’ll be back to get you in a few minutes.  You look stunning.  John is a very lucky man,” he said.  Marco took the judge down to the room where the ceremony would take place to get John’s information and signature and to make sure all the preparations had been made according to his orders.  
Lori looked at Anne and said, “Anne, you look amazing, just like a bride should look.  Your husband will be blown away when he sees you.  You look so beautiful.  How do you like the way you look?  I think we did a great job, especially considering how little time we had.”
Anne turned around, looking at herself in the mirror.  “Lori, you worked wonders.  This mantilla is perfect.  Thanks.  It makes me feel like a real bride.  I’m so glad you going to be at the wedding with me,” Anne exclaimed.
“I hope someday I will find someone special who will love me and my daughter.  I’d love to be married. Are you nervous?” Lori asked.
“No, I haven’t had time to be nervous,” Anne laughed.  “Besides I love John, and I know he loves me.  Our whole meeting and falling in love is like a fairy tale.  I hope you find someone as wonderful and loving for you as John is for me.  Is there anyone you hope will be the one?” Anne asked.
Lori blushed and answered shyly, “Yes, I really like Luigi, but I’m not sure he knows I exist except as a co-worker.  I just feel so happy when we are together.”
“That’s a good start.  That’s how I feel about John.  When he walks in the room, I feel like the sun is shining on me and life looks more beautiful.  Maybe tonight with you in that beautiful dress, he’ll see the real you.”  Anne suggested, “Talk to him and be friendly.  You are so sweet and beautiful.  How could he miss seeing the lovely woman that you are?”
Luigi looked at the list Marco had given him.  He quickly took John down to the resort’s jewelry store.  They looked over the selection of wedding ring sets.  Anne had told them her ring size, but John wanted to find a ring that Anne would really appreciate.  Luigi said, “Mr. M. said to get whatever rings and other things you want, because he is taking care of all the wedding expenses, including the rings.”
There were several choices.  Some had large diamonds and were very fancy. John kept looking until he found a ring with a nice white gold engagement ring with a marquise cut diamond with two small diamonds on either side.  It had a matching wedding ring that fastened into the engagement band. It was simple, elegant, and he pictured her wearing it proudly.  He also chose a plain white gold band for himself.  Next they went to the salon and he got his hair cut and a shave.  Finally they went to the clothing store to get clothes for him.  He already had a suit that he could wear, but he chose a new dress shirt, tie, and a pair of dress shoes.  Since he had only packed clothes for an overnight trip, he bought some other things he would need for after the wedding, including some new underwear, socks, a swim suit, a pair of jeans, and walking shorts.
When they finished shopping, John and Luigi went back to John’s room.  Since he had extra time, he took a long shower and got dressed and was ready for the wedding with about two  hours to spare.  Luigi ordered a couple of drinks to help them relax.  They sipped the drinks and waited anxiously for the time to go to the ceremony.
After pacing nervously for a long time, Marco and the Justice of the Peace arrived at 7:15.  He got John’s information and signature for the license.  Next they left and went to get Anne’s information.  Luigi and John walked to the Bridal suite where the ceremony was to take place and waited for the others to arrive.  When they walked inside, John noticed the room was filled with flower arrangements and candles.
About 7:45 pm Marco knocked on the Anne’s door again. Lori opened it.  He looked at Anne again and said,  “Turn around, Anne.  You are the most beautiful bride I’ve ever seen, except for my darling Sophia.  I hope John truly appreciates how fortunate he is to have you for his wife.”
He turned to Lori and said, “Go down and help Luigi.  He’s standing in as John’s best man,  and he’s almost as nervous as John.  Give him advice about what he needs to do and where to stand.  Better yet, keep him near you.  When you go to stand with Anne give him a cue to stand by John and to give him the rings.  Here is the wedding ring for John.  Lori, hang on to this and give it to Anne at the appropriate time in the ceremony.  Thanks for all you did to help with this wedding.  I am very pleased, and you will find something special in your check for all the extra help you gave.”
“I was happy to do it.  I really like Anne.  It was my pleasure to do it for her,” Lori said.
After Lori left, Marco walked over and hugged Anne and kissed her on the cheek.  “I’m so happy that you and John are getting married.  I’ve tried to make it a perfect wedding for you, my Sweet Angel.  I am so proud and happy to be part of your special day.  I know you would like to have your father here.  I can’t take his place, but I am happy to be able to walk you down the aisle and to help give you your wedding.  It is nearly time to leave, but I have a few things to do.  I bought this for you at Solvang.  It will look perfect with your beautiful dress.  Would you allow me to put this around your neck?”  He took the sapphire and diamond necklace out of his pocket and fastened it around her neck. “  Also, here is your bridal bouquet to carry down the aisle. I hope I haven’t forgotten anything important,” he worried.
“You’ve done more than enough, Papa. You just gave me the last things.  Something old is my mother’s watch.  Something new is my beautiful necklace.  Something borrowed is Lori’s beautiful mantilla, and something blue is the sapphires in my necklace. Now the one thing I want the most is for you to give me a hug and a kiss before we leave here.  “You have become so precious and so important to me. If it weren’t for you, John and I might not have fallen in love.  Thank you for all you have done for me, Papa.  I love you very much,” Anne said.
Anne walked over and Marco put his arms around her and hugged her close and said, “I love you, too, my Angel.”  He kissed her and finally let her go.  He opened the door and escorted her down to the Bridal suite where the ceremony would take place.
At the door, Marco found Lori and Luigi waiting.  Lori said, “Everyone is inside waiting for you and Anne.  Luigi and I will go in and tell them to start the music,” she said ,guiding Luigi into the room.  When the music started, Lori opened the door, and Anne walked in holding Marco’s arm. After she walked in Lori shut the door and walked up to the side of the altar. She motioned to Luigi and he moved up to stand beside John.
Anne paused a moment and looked around the room.  Bouquets of beautiful flowers were on either side of an archway.  The main room lights were off and the room was delicately lit with candles arranged around the room.  It looked so beautiful that Anne felt like she had walked into a flowery wonderland.  Standing at the right side of the archway, she saw John dressed in a dark blue suit.  Luigi stood stiffly beside him.  The candlelight flickered and caught a reflection in John’s eyes, and it  looked like starlight was shining in them. Slowly Anne and Marco crossed the room.  Marco took Anne’s hand from his arm and placed it in John’s hand.  He stepped back away from Anne and sat down.  When John looked at Anne, his smile seemed to light up the room.  Once their eyes met, their gaze never turned away.
The Justice of the Peace began the ceremony.  He greeted them, Mr. M, and the few other guests.  He had them repeat the standard vows.  He spoke briefly about the meaning and the permanence of marriage.  Last, he announced, “By the authority of the State of California, I now pronounce you husband and wife.  You may now kiss your bride.”
John didn’t need to be told twice.  He stepped forward and pulled her into his arms and kissed her slowly and thoroughly. Anne returned his kiss eagerly.  Slowly, reluctantly, they separated.  The musicians began playing a slow tune.  John pulled her into his arms and slowly danced with her. After the dance ended, John led her over to Marco.  He smiled proudly and danced with Anne.  When the dance was finished, she kissed his cheek and thanked him again for all he had done for her, for both of them.
Marco announced, “I know some in the wedding party have not had dinner yet.  You are all invited to go to The Café’s Banquet Room for a special Bridal supper.  Afterwards, we will all have wedding cake and champagne here in this room.”
They walked down to The Café where they ate a special dinner in the banquet room.  With Luigi and Lori acting as the Maid of Honor and the Best Man, they stood together and made toasts to the bride and groom. All during the ceremony and afterwards, Luigi held Lori’s hand and stayed close to her side.
After the servers refilled the champagne glasses, Marco stood and proposed another toast. When everyone was ready, Marco said, “On this very happy occasion, I want to propose a toast to my dear friend Anne and her husband John Williamson and extend  my best wishes for their long and happy marriage.  I am also proud to announce that John will be coming to work here in my organization as my  new Partner.  I’m happy to announce that Anne and John will be living here with us at the resort.  May this be the beginning of a happy marriage for John and Anne and the start of a wonderful future for all of us here.”
Luigi and Lori looked at each other and felt completely surprised by the news.  After eating, they all returned to the Bridal Suite. While they were gone, the bridal arch and musical instruments had been removed.  Many bouquets were still in the room, and their sweet floral scents filled the air with their fresh fragrance.  John and Anne cut the wedding cake, and then Lori helped serve the rest of the guests.  Finally, Anne threw the bridal bouquet.  Since Lori was the only other woman present, it was no surprise when she ended up catching it.  While the people were eating their cake and visiting, Anne heard Luigi ask Lori if she would like to go to the Lounge for some dancing and drinks.   Lori smiled sweetly  and said “I’d love to, Luigi.  I’m so happy you asked me.”  Anne caught her eye and winked.  Lori smiled back and walked out holding Luigi’s arm.
All the others drifted away except for Marco. The waiters quickly cleared away the dirty dishes and glasses.  When the room was cleaned up, Marco walked over to Anne.  He hugged her and kissed her cheek and forehead.  She kissed him back.  He shook hands with John, and said to both,” May God bless you in all ways.  May your marriage be long and happy.  May all your dreams for the future come true.  Love each other, protect and care for each other.  Always tell the truth and enjoy each day as it comes.  Now I’ll say goodnight and leave you two alone.”  He walked out and closed the door behind him. 
After Marco had gone, John looked happily at Anne’s face.  His eyes sparkled with love and joy. “You have never looked more beautiful.  I can’t take my eyes off of you, Anne. It seems like a dream to me that I’m standing here with you, my beautiful wife.  Thank you for loving me and marrying me.  I promise to do everything I can to keep you safe and make you happy.  Come and kiss me.  I’ve waited all my life for this night,” John sighed.
Anne walked into his arms and kissed him with all the love and passion she had felt since they had first met.  John blew out all the candles, turned off the room lights, and lifted her up into his arms.  She put her arms around his neck and sighed happily.  John turned and carried her through the darkened room into their bedroom.  There was a bottle of champagne and crystal goblets beside a fragrant arrangement of roses on a small table.  John set her down on her feet.  He pulled her close against his body and kissed her passionately.
“Anne, I’ve wanted to make love to you almost from the first time we met.  You captured my heart as I watched you with those beautiful girls at the hospital.  Then later, that night at the resort with you, I came so close to making love to you.  I wanted you so much, but I wanted you to come to me willingly on our wedding night and then stay with me forever.  Now, my darling wife, please let me finish what I’ve wanted for so long.  I love you and I want you and need  you right now,” he groaned.
“John, I’ve dreamed of you making love to me, too,” she admitted with a blush.  Anne reached up and unfastened her lace head covering.  She carefully folded it and put it on the dresser.  She removed the necklace and put it by the scarf.  John sat down and watched her, fascinated by every movement.  She loosened the final hair pins and her hair dropped down and framed her face.  She smiled shyly at John and reached to unfasten her dress.  He walked over and unzipped  it.  He slid the straps off her shoulders.  He gasped with delight when he saw her bare breasts exposed to his view 
Anne reached down, unfastened his tie, and pulled it away from his neck.  She began undoing the buttons on his shirt.  She slid his jacket off his shoulders.  His shirt and undershirt soon followed.  Anne pulled him up and she leaned against his bare chest.  She rubbed her hands across his chest and slid her arms around his neck and drew his mouth down to hers.  While their bare skin touched, they were filled with growing desire.  Anne reached down and unfastened his pants.  Soon his pants and briefs fell to the floor.  Anne shivered with delight when she felt his hand move down into her half-slip and panties and they slid down to join his on the floor.
He pulled her naked body against his.  He covered her mouth gently at first, then teased her lips apart, and tasted the sweetness of her mouth.  He pressed his body against hers.  Anne moved against his body feeling the pressure of his need rubbing against her.  She felt his hands slip down behind her and he pulled her possessively against the fullness of his need and desire.  He guided her back and laid her down on the bed.  He lay down beside her and began exploring the secret places of her body.  She moaned and pulled him closer to her.  She felt his hands touching her, and she moaned with desire.  Anne caressed his face and moaned his name.  She pulled him closer up as the need to feel him in her body grew to a throbbing ache.
“John,” she begged, “I need to feel you.  Come now, my husband.”
John moved up and kissed her.  With infinite gentleness, he entered and took possession of her waiting body. and their two bodies became one.  He moved slowly at first.  With increased speed and movement, he finished what they both had wanted.  With a sigh of pleasure, he slumped against her body.  He lay on top of her, holding and kissing her tenderly.  This was the moment they had both waited all their life for.  Anne kissed him happily; for the first time in her life, she felt complete.  She finally understood what it meant when the Bible said ‘the two became one flesh.”  They were joined together in flesh, in life, and in marriage.  She clung to him kissing, touching, and holding him.  After a few minutes of touching and kissing, she felt him move off her body.  He rolled over on his side and pulled her against him.  He cuddled up against her with his arms wrapped around her body while he tenderly kissed her neck and face and caressed her.
He sighed and whispered against her neck, “You are even more amazing and desirable than I imagined.  I love you, Anne.  I have never felt so much love and pleasure.  I was right; now that I have made love to  you, I will never let you go.  How do you feel now?” he asked.
“I can’t describe how wonderful I feel now.  I feel incredible.  I didn’t really know what to expect, but I’ve never felt that kind of excitement or pleasure before in my life. Before tonight, I was just a girl, but now I know what a woman feels like.  I will never be the same again.  I am so glad I experienced this with you, with only you!  I love you so much.  You were definitely worth waiting for,” Anne said snuggling against him.  She laid her head on his shoulder and kissed him, tenderly caressing his face.
John held her close in his arms, and they fell asleep cuddled up together.  Later that night, Anne felt John’s body shift slightly.  He pulled her body close and claimed her  again  “Anne,” he sighed, “I wish I could stay like this forever. I don’t ever want to let you go.  This was so amazing,” he panted against her neck.
“I love feeling you holding me like this,” she sighed as she lay in his arms feeling total contentment.  She closed her eyes and fell into a deep sleep feeling totally loved and protected.
When Anne woke up in the morning, she opened her eyes and saw John was watching her.  She smiled and reached out to touch his face. He leaned over and kissed her.
“Good morning, John, I love you,” she whispered.  “What were you looking at?”
“I was watching you sleep.  I can’t believe we are really married.  I love you, Anne, my precious wife.  What do you want to do today, Mrs. Williamson?” John asked.
“Besides make love with you?” she asked playfully.  “Can we go see Marco and thank him again.  After that, there are so many beautiful sights around here.  The grounds are so lush and lovely.  Maybe we can go for a walk or hike ,and then come back here and take a nap,” she giggled.  “What do you want to do, John?”
“I like your last idea the best, but we have a lifetime to make love to each other.  We do need to thank Marco.  I’m amazed at how beautiful and perfect our wedding was.  You, my wife, were the most beautiful bride ever!  Let’s get dressed and see what the day holds for us,” John said.  After they had showered and dressed for the day. they walked hand in hand down the hall to Marco’s office.
As usual, Luigi was stationed outside Marco’s door. When he saw Anne and John approaching, he knocked on Marco’s door.  He opened the door and let Anne and John walk inside.
When Marco looked up and saw the peace and joy in Anne’s face, he hugged her close and kissed her cheek.  Anne hugged him close, “Thank you, Papa, for making my dreams come true.  The wedding was perfect, and I’m so happy.”
Marco said, “I am so happy for you both.  You look beautiful today.  It was my pleasure to do the wedding for you, Anne.  What do you have planned for today?”
“We don’t have any definite plans.  I thought we might take a walk or ride around the resort property.  Where would you recommend we go to see something special?” Anne asked.
“I know where I like to go to think and enjoy being outdoors.  There is a small beautiful lake on the far side of the golf course.  The best way to get there is to use a golf cart.  It is a long walk, so I would suggest you take a picnic lunch and have a leisurely picnic and a swim.  Once on the far side of the greens, there is an unmarked trail that leads up to the lake.  Once you get part way up the trail, it is like being out in the wilderness.  If you want, I’ll have The Café  prepare a picnic lunch and arrange for you to use a golf cart,” Marco suggested.
John looked at Anne and smiled, “That sounds like a fantastic idea, Anne.  How does it sound to you?” John asked.
“It sounds great to me.  Marco, I trust you.  You’ve never given me any bad advice.  How can we get the lunch and golf cart?” Anne asked.
“I’ll have Luigi make the arrangements for you.  In about thirty minutes, meet Luigi at the main desk.  He can give you a map and complete directions.  I’m sure you will both enjoy it, my sweet Angel,” Marco answered.
Anne and John returned to their room, got their swim suits and towels and went to the main desk.  Luigi was waiting for them.  He had brought a golf cart to the front door.  He had stowed a picnic basket, a blanket, and some extra towels, in the back.  He gave John a brochure with a map of the golf course, and he pointed out where he should drive to get to the trail to the lake.  Anne and John climbed in the golf cart and started off.
Anne leaned against John’s shoulder as they rode through the golf course.  The sun was shining brightly overhead.  Only a few golfers were playing on the course.  The beautiful green grass stretched out on all sides.  Small sand traps and water hazards dotted the course.  Clusters of trees separated the different areas.  Anne breathed in deeply of the fresh air.  She sighed and relaxed and laid her head on John’s shoulder.  He bent down and kissed her forehead.
On the far side of the golf course, they found a path that  ran along the perimeter.  One trail led off away from the resort and turned toward the west.  John steered the golf cart onto the path as it moved up the hill away from the golf course.  The path continued about ¼ mile and then became too narrow for the cart to continue.  John parked the cart, picked up the picnic basket and blanket, and walked up the path with Anne.  After walking about 10 minutes, they crested the hill and saw a picture post card lake about fifty feet below them.  A small trail wound down to a secluded cove surrounded by large boulders and pine and aspen trees.  A small sandy beach ran along the lake shore.
They walked down to the cove. “This is a perfect spot for a picnic,” John said.  He spread the blanket in a sheltered spot between a stand of aspen trees and two large boulders that blocked the wind.  He walked over and wrapped his arms around Anne.  As they looked out at the lake, a group of ducks swam past the cove and headed towards the center of the lake.  Anne leaned back against his chest and sighed deeply.  She felt the strength of his arms encircling her.
“What are you thinking about, Anne?” John asked quietly.
“You and me, about us, and how happy I am when you are near me.  I’ve never felt anything like this before.  My life is perfect, and it is all because of you,” Anne explained.
John turned her around and slowly pulled her into his embrace and kissed her with a tender possessiveness,  he said, “Let’s see how the water feels.  I want to see you in that little red bikini I spotted in your suitcase.” Anne pulled off her top and shorts revealing a tiny red string bikini that barely covered the essential places on her body.  John stared at her, whistled his approval, and smiled.
“Let’s see what you brought for swimming,” Anne laughed.  He quickly undressed and stood before her wearing a revealing blue speedo.
Anne took his hand and led him down to the sandy beach.  They kicked off their shoes.  Anne timidly stepped into the water.  John walked in after her.  The water in the shallow area near the shore was clear and warm.  As they walked away from the shore, the water became deeper and cooler.  Anne dipped down and stood up soaking wet.  The bikini clung to her body leaving nothing to the imagination.  John walked after her, but Anne kept a step away from him, teasing him to come and catch her. Anne swam out deeper, and John began swimming towards her. He reached out and grabbed her foot and pulled her back towards him.  He captured her with his arms and pulled her closer.  He kissed her and held her tight against his body.  With the coldness of the water swirling around them, their bare skin rubbed together and the play turned into desire.  John pulled her toward shore.  He stood up, lifted her into his arms, and carried her up to the blanket.  He quickly removed her bikini and his suit. He lowered her down on the blanket and kissed her deeply, passionately.  She clung to him as he claimed his bride again while they spiraled up to ecstasy and floated down to earth together.
Sheltered from the cool breeze off the lake, they lay naked in each other’s arms. The warm sun quickly dried them and their discarded suits off, and lulled them into a dreamy state.  They dozed for a while.  Anne watched John sleep , and she felt a deep contentment sweep over her.  She reached over and gently touched his face.  She rolled over and nestled against his body. He turned and caressed her face.  Anne felt like she was in a delightful dream and she dreamed of staying in his arms with him always.
John slowly woke up.  He kissed her again, stretched lazily,  and sat up. “You have bewitched me.  I can’t keep my eyes and hands off you. I always want to have you in my arms, but I’m getting hungry.  We didn’t have anything to eat since our bridal dinner in The Café.  Let’s see what we have in our picnic basket.”
  He walked over, got the basket, and carried it back to the blanket.  Anne smiled up at her husband as he sat down on the blanket beside her. John opened the basket.  “Marco knows how to have a picnic!”  He pulled out a bottle of wine and two glasses.  Then he found fried chicken, two roast beef sandwiches, and an assortment of fresh fruit.
Anne and John took turns applying sun screen on each other’s body,  On a partially shaded area of the blanket, they sat side-by-side naked under the sun on the blanket while they  ate the picnic lunch.  John opened the bottle of wine and poured each of them a glass.  Anne giggled and blushed.
“What are you giggling about?” John asked with a puzzled smile.
Anne answered, “I feel like Eve sitting naked in the Garden of Eden with Adam.  I wonder if she and Adam were as happy as I am right now.”
“They couldn’t have been happier than I am here with you, Anne.  I love you so much.” John whispered huskily.  After eating lunch, they made love again.  Slowly, thoroughly, John tenderly caressed her and carried her to new heights of pleasure.
Late afternoon came stealing across the sky.  They reluctantly put on their swimsuits and clothes.  They packed everything back into the picnic basket, folded the blanket and towels, and walked back to the golf cart.  They drove back to the resort.  John carried the picnic basket in to the front desk.  
Back in their room, they stepped into the shower and tenderly washed each other.  After they were dressed, they went back to Marco’s office.  Anne sat down on the small love seat and relaxed.  Marco and John worked quietly side by side at the computer.  Marco gave John the codes and location of his business files.  John settled down at the computer to do some work.  Marco moved over to  the love seat. Anne stretched and sat up.  She smiled at Marco, and they talked quietly while John worked at the computer.  When John had a question, Marco walked over and quietly explained what he was reading and answered any other questions he had.  After a couple of hours, John closed the files, turned off the computer, and joined Marco and Anne  “That’s enough work for today,” John said, sitting down beside Anne and taking her hand in his.
After a few minutes, they went up to the lounge for a late supper and to listen to the music. While there, they discussed what they should do next.  Anne and John both needed to return to LA to take care of things they had left unfinished there.  Anne still had her apartment, and she had not quit her job.  John needed to return to his office and show samples of what he was learning.  They decided they should return to LA as soon as possible. 
Chapter 9
Early the next day, they drove John’s car back to Los Angeles.  First, John dropped Anne off at her apartment so she could decide what, if anything, she wanted to take back with her to Marco’s place.  John left her there and hurried over to his office.  He carried in a small folder with several cryptic notes inside.  He reported to his boss, Bob Watson, and his partner Joe exactly what Marco had proposed.  When John’s boss saw what Marco had already revealed, he agreed that John should stay there and learn all he could find.  
John announced, “There are a couple of other things I need to tell you. First, I married Anne Lanford, the woman who helped Joe and me get in good with Marco.  To be totally honest, my first priority now is protecting Anne.  If things get too dangerous up there for her, I will not stay and put my wife’s life in jeopardy.  Second, I hate being involved in this undercover work.  Once I finish getting the information from Marco, I am finished here.  I will either get an immediate transfer to another department, or I will quit working here at all.  When the word gets out about this case, my life will be in danger.  I don’t want Anne or me to be around after it becomes known, because there will be a lot of people out to kill me.  After I turn the information over to you, I am out of here. Is that agreed?”
“Of course, I understand.  Just keep us informed of your progress, and I will take care of everything, else.”  Bob shook John’s hand and agreed to his terms.  “From time to time, Joe will go up and make sure everything is working smoothly.”
After talking with Joe and working out how they would explain his visits, John packed up his materials and headed back to Anne’s apartment. He helped her carry boxes she wanted to take with her to his car.  She had gathered up some stuff to go to storage and things to be donated to charity.  She called and arranged for the charities to come and collect the items the next day.  Marco arranged for a moving company to come and pick up the rest of her belongings and put them in storage.  He also scheduled a company to thoroughly clean her apartment 
When she called and talked to her landlord, she said, “Hi, this is Anne Lanford.  I am currently living in one of your apartments.  I need to give you notice of vacating premises.  I got married last Friday and am moving to live with my husband up near San Francisco.  I will be out of here by the end of this month.  Before leaving, I will have a professional cleaner come in and put the property back in good order.  I’m sorry to give you such short notice.  I like the apartment and will tell my friends to call you if they need a place to stay.”
After getting the apartment sorted and ready to be cleaned, they drove to Anne’s job.  She went to the nursing supervisor’s office.  After waiting a few minutes, John and Anne went into the office.  Anne explained, “I have really enjoyed working here the last few months.  I had planned to be here for a long time, but something happened that changed my plan.  Last Friday night, John and I got married. It was done very quickly, because  John has been transferred to a job in the San Jose area.  After I went up to see him, we decided to get married.  It was a spur of the moment decision and a very fast ceremony.  We decided we were ready to get married and didn’t want to be apart.  We decided we wanted to get married and be together.  I really hate quitting my job here, but maybe in the future we will move back to this area.  If we do, I would like to be considered for a position here.”
“Anne, you haven’t worked here very long, but I can tell you are really good with the children.  I’m sorry you’ll be leaving us, and I know several patients will be very sad to see you leave, but I wish you and your husband great happiness.  If you do move back, please call us.  If we have an opening, we will certainly consider you for the position,” the nursing supervisor said.  She stood up and shook Anne’s hand.
Before leaving, Anne turned and asked, “May we go up and say goodbye to my group of patients?  I am really going to miss them, and I hate to leave without saying goodbye.  Would that be all right with you?”
“Of course, that’s wonderful.  I know they have missed you and when you left so suddenly, they were afraid you might be sick.  They will be very happy to see you, but they’ll be sad to see you leave,” she responded.
After they left her office, Anne and John stopped at the gift shop and picked up small presents for each of the kids.  They walked to the children’s cancer ward and began going from room to room handing out small gifts to each child.  At each room it was a happy and sad time for Anne.  She gave each one a hug, a special gift, and a quick kiss on the cheek.  When she got to the two sisters’ room, they sat down by each girl’s bed.  John and Anne explained why Anne was leaving.  Lori giggled and said, “I told you they were sweet on each other.”
“I knew that already!” Sherri answered.
When Anne gave them each sets of drawing paper and colored pencils, they clapped their hands.  “Now we can spend time everyday drawing.  Thank you for being our nurse.  We’re going to miss you, but we are happy you aren’t sad anymore,” Teri said shyly.  Anne gave each one of them a long hug and a kiss.  
“I promise I won’t forget you.  I’ll write you and let you know how I’m doing.  If you want to write back, I would love to hear how you are doing.  You are both so very special, and I love each of you.  I am so glad I got to know you.  I’ll keep praying for you both,” Anne said before leaving their room.
“May I have a hug, too?  You mean a lot to Anne, so you are special to me, too!” John said.
They each smiled and hugged him.  “Be good to Anne,” they added.
“I promise to love her and take good care of her.  I love her, too.” He said.
John and Anne stopped at Bryan’s room.  He was sitting alone and was not working on his puzzle.  John said, “Hey, Bryan, did you get your puzzle finished yet?  I’m so glad to see you.”
Bryan looked up and smiled at John. “I had most of it done, but it got knocked off the table, and I didn’t want to start it all over again.  It made me feel very sad and angry when it got messed up,” Bryan explained.
“That’s okay, Bryan.  Sometimes things like that happen.  Maybe someday in the future, you’ll want to work it again.  If not, I did bring you a new puzzle and a couple of magazines with different kinds of puzzles in them.  Have you been visiting with the nurses who come in to take care of you?”  John asked.
“I try to sometimes, but they aren’t as friendly and as easy to talk to as Anne,” he said sadly.
“You’re right, Bryan.  Nurse Anne is a very special person.  Sometimes I look at her and think I’ve met an angel.  I hope you won’t get mad at me, but I asked her to marry me and she did.  We got married last Friday.  We came to say we are moving out of this area for a while, so we won’t be able to come and see you as often as we have in the past.  I hope you will let me write to you.  I feel really sad to be leaving you.  I remember, when I was  in the hospital as a little boy, how hard it was for me when people drifted out of my life.  I know you are going to get well, and that you will be able to do whatever you decide you want to do.  Don’t let these problems now stop you.  Always keep dreaming.  Don’t ever give up on your dreams.  Work hard for them.  My dream was to find someone special to love who would love me in return.  I found and married Anne.  See, dreams can come true.  I know you can and you will recover, and one day you will do something great.  I have confidence in you!” John said. “Be a good boy, Bryan.  I’ll always remember you.  You are a very special to us.  We will keep you in our prayers.”
“What can I ever do that is great?” Bryan asked.
“It doesn’t have to be a big deal.  It might just be saying kind words to someone who is hurt and needs a friend.  You will always be in our  thoughts and prayers.  I want to keep in touch with you, if that’s all right with you.  Please reach out to others here and seek friendships around you now.  There are others here who have the same loneliness and pain that you’ve been feeling.  If you open up to them, you might be able to help them feel better everyday.  I promise to write to you.  Write back, if you want.  I hope to hear from you.  I won’t say goodbye, because, hopefully, we will meet again.  Let’s just say, ‘I’ll see you later,’” John said.  John hugged him and then shook his hand.  Anne gave him a hug and a kiss on his cheek.
“I will write you back.  You treat me like I am normal, not some poor sick little kid.  Thanks for the gifts and for being my friend.  You both made my stay here less lonely and sad,” Bryan said.
After leaving the hospital, their last stop was at John’s apartment where they would spend the night.  When Anne walked in and saw it for the first time, she looked around and smiled.  It was sparsely decorated, but it was tastefully arranged.  There were a few framed pictures on display around the room.  One was of a blonde woman with a lovely smile.  Another showed John in a group of three other people including the blonde woman from the other picture.
John walked up and wrapped his arms around Anne.  “That beautiful blonde I’m hugging is my little sister Brenda.  She and I were the only two that survived the car crash.  She’s happily married and living in Tennessee,” John explained. “The other two are her husband and his cousin.”
John went over and checked his phone message machine.  There were no messages. “The only one I ever gave that number to use was you, and you didn’t use it,” he teased her.  “Our marriage happened so suddenly, I forgot to call and tell my sister.  I need to call her and tell her that I met an angel and got married.  She’s just about given up on my ever getting married.  I can’t wait to tell her all about us.  She’s gong to be blown away with that news!” John said with a laugh.  When he called her with the news, she reacted just like John thought she would.  Joan listened in on the call and giggled at their playful teasing.  Later, Anne talked to Brenda and was overjoyed to hear how happy she sounded that her only brother had married.  They promised when they had time, they would come down for a visit.
 Before hanging up, Brenda said, “Come down anytime.  I don’t get to see John often enough.  We have plenty of room.  Come and stay with us.  I can’t wait to meet you, Anne.  I’ve always missed my sister.  Now I have a new sister-in-law to love.  Welcome to our crazy little family.”
Later that evening, John said, “I’m going to keep this apartment for now.  In case either of us needs a place to stay down here in the Los Angeles area, we’ll have a place to call home.  Let me give you the grand tour of your new ‘temporary’ home.  This is the living room where I used to watch television all by myself; next, this is the kitchen where I prepared ‘gourmet’ TV dinners.  Here is the compact ‘designer-inspired’ bathroom, spacious for one, but should be more fun for two,” he exaggerated.  “Last is my favorite room, our bedroom. While I’ve lived here, it has only been used for sleeping.  We shall correct that later tonight,” he added with a sly grin.
Anne laughed and giggled, “I’m sure we will correct that at least one time tonight.  Seriously, I like our ‘new temporary home.’”   She snuggled against him and kissed him happily. He held her and kissed her in return.  A short time later, the bedroom was initiated. 
While Anne and John were in Los Angeles, Marco called his attorney, David Jackson, and his accountant, Tom Jordan, and asked them to come up to see him.  The next day, they arrived to meet with him.  Marco explained that he wanted to make some changes in his will and sell some or most of his properties, stocks, and bonds.  He talked to each one individually as well as together.  He reminded them that what he was telling them was to be kept completely confidential.  After their meeting, they returned to their respective offices and began preparing the documents he needed to sign.  Over the next two months, they returned to the resort to see Marco three times.  They also faxed documents for him to sign.  Marco smiled when he thought how surprised Anne and John would be when they learned what he had done. This was one item of business that he never disclosed to John or Anne.
 After  making sure her apartment had been cleaned, John and Anne headed back up north to Marco’s place.  Once back at The Resort, life settled into a comfortable routine.  Marco worked with John in the morning and early afternoon and helped John become familiar with the operation of The Resort.  Unless Anne was in the room, Marco talked freely with John about the people and groups he had worked with over the years.  Reviewing his life was obviously painful for Marco, but he continued to give information to John. Besides his words, he furnished many documents to support what he disclosed.
At Marco’s request, Anne was never present when John and Marco worked together.  “Anne knows generally what I have been involved in, but I want to shield her from the more gruesome details.  I am ashamed of the things I am telling you.  I don’t want Anne burdened with the worst of the information.  When things are eventually disclosed and arrests are made, I want her to be able to say honestly that she had no direct knowledge of what kind of criminal activities I had been involved in.  Finding out information on the news and in court will be hard enough for her tender heart to hear.  I wish I could totally protect her from all of this, but I am counting on you to protect her after I am gone.” Marco said seriously.
“You know I will do everything I can to protect her, and I’ll do all that I can to shelter her from all that may happen,” John promised.
One afternoon, after John and Marco had worked together all day, Anne joined them in his suite.  After dinner had been brought to Marco’s suite, Anne said, “I’m not used to sitting around doing nothing.  Would you mind if I try to find some place where I could work part time?  The time weighs heavy on my mind.  I don’t really care what kind of work I do; but I’d like to work with people anywhere I might help.”
Marco smiled and said, “You can work anywhere you want to here at The Resort.  Would you like to work in the Spa with Lori, in the Boutique, the flower shop, the reservation desk, or in The Café?  Maybe you’d like to try different places and learn how things get done around here.  Just let me know where you want to start, and I’ll arrange it for you.”
Every few weeks, Anne changed jobs.  She quickly learned a lot about the day to day running of the resort.  While working at the Spa, she and Lori became even closer friends.  She next worked in the flower shop.  She loved working around the beautiful flowers, but she didn’t feel she had any special talent when it came to creating arrangements.  She was an excellent salesperson in the Boutique, and she enjoyed helping the women who came in find something they liked.
At least once a week, Anne and John took a drive away from the resort so John could privately check in with the department.  He used his cell phone to make sure no one at the resort could listen in to what he was reporting.  At least once a month, Joe came and visited with John to exchange information and ideas on things to find out for the case.
The late afternoons and evenings were the happiest times for Anne.  Anne, John, and Marco enjoyed spending time together.  Sometimes they played cards, worked on puzzles, or just talked quietly together.  They listened to music and frequently went to listen to the comedians and other entertainers who appeared in The Lounge shows.  Most of the time in the evening, John was with them.  Frequently he and Anne danced and snuggled together while Marco watched them proudly.  At other times, John stayed behind working on the computer or handling problems that came up at the resort.  Sometimes Anne and Marco danced together.  At night, John and Anne enjoyed being married.  It was a time of loving, laughing, and learning about each other.
About a month after moving up to live with Marco, Anne began feeling more tired than usual.  She kept pushing through the tired feelings.  Then she began having stomach aches and sometimes felt nauseous.  John noticed she was not as energetic as she had been when she was working at the children’s hospital.  After she began vomiting in the mornings, John  insisted she talk to the doctor in town.  Just like her father, Anne kept putting it off.  Finally Marco made the appointment and John drove her to town.
“I hate bothering the doctor with something as minor as a touch of the flu or stomach ache,” Anne grumbled.
“I know, but humor me.  I want to be sure you are OK.  I love you and I want  you to be feeling better than you have lately,” John said patiently.
At the doctor’s office, Anne went back into the examining room.  John waited for her in the waiting room.  Dr. Jenkins, the middle aged physician in town, asked her about her medical history.  He took her vital signs and listened to her symptoms.  He had the nurse draw blood and collect a urine sample. He left Anne in the examining room while he saw another patient.  About ten minutes later, he came back in, and he was smiling.
“I think we’ve figured out what is causing your symptoms.  Fortunately it is fairly common in women, especially women in your age group,” Dr. Jenkins added.
“Is it anything serious?” Anne asked.
“Well, the results usually last a lifetime,” he said and then laughed.  “Seriously, I don’t want you to be worried needlessly.  You aren’t sick.  You’re going to have a baby.  You are pregnant,” he said happily.
“Are you sure?” she asked.
“Yes, we did a pregnancy test, and you are definitely expecting a baby.  It is too early to do a sonogram, but based on the blood work and chemical levels, I would estimate you are about 4 weeks along,” he added.
“My husband is in the waiting room. Can he come in here and talk to you?  I know he’s going to have questions.  I don’t know how to tell him.  We just got married  about two months ago.  We’ve never even talked about having a baby yet,” Anne explained.
“It sounds like the honeymoon period might be when you got pregnant.  Of course, he can come in.  I encourage all husbands to become actively involved in the pregnancy.  It helps them bond with the baby more easily.  It is also good for the mother to have his complete support,” Dr. Jenkins explained.  He called the front office and asked them to bring John back to the examining room.
When John walked into the examining room, he looked at Anne and noticed her face was flushed and she was looking at the floor.  He sat down on the chair next to her.  He took her hand and asked quietly, “Are you all right?”
Anne nodded yes and said, “The doctor and I wanted you to be here, too, so he could explain everything to both of us.”
Dr. Jenkins explained, “We did several tests on your wife.  She is in good health generally, although she does have one condition we need to talk about.  She wasn’t sure how to tell you, but you are going to be a father.  She is pregnant, and we think she should have a baby in about eight months.”
John looked at her and grinned, “Anne, that’s wonderful news!  I’ve always wanted to have children.  Are you happy about it?  You’ll be an amazing mother.!  Honey, I love you, and I’m so happy.”
“We’ve only been married about two  months.  I thought you might not want children so soon.  I love the idea of having your children,” she sniffed.  John put his arms around her and kissed her.
Dr. Jenkins said, .“We will set up a schedule of appointments.  At the next appointment in two weeks, we will do a preliminary sonogram to check on how you are doing.”  He gave them a booklet that explained basic facts about pregnancy, before he shook their hands and walked out. 
John kept his arm protectively around Anne as they walked out to the car.  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her with tender gentleness.  Anne snuggled against him and felt loved and protected.  By the time they arrived back at the resort, the shock had worn off, and they were talking about their future and how the baby would change their life together.
“John, I want to tell Marco about the baby.  I know he is going to be so happy for us.  If we have a son, would you consider naming him after Marco.  I know he hasn’t lived a good life, but he has become very special to me.  I think it would really please him,” Anne said.  “Of course, if you don’t think it is a good idea, then we won’t mention it.”
“Whatever you want to name the baby is fine with me.  As long as it is our child, I know we will love him or her.  I just pray it will be healthy and beautiful like you.  I am so happy and so much in love with you,” John said holding her hand.  He leaned towards her and kissed her happily again.
Later that afternoon, John and Anne walked into Marco’s office holding hands.
“Are you too busy to talk for a few minutes?” Anne asked.
“Sweet Angel, I’m never too busy to talk to you.  Come sit here on the sofa with me,” he said.
John said, “We were right to insist that she go to the doctor.  He figured out right away what was wrong with her.”
Marco looked at Anne and asked her quietly, “What did the doctor say, my Angel?  If you are sick, we will get through it together.”
Anne looked into his eyes and smiled, “It isn’t bad news.  It’s wonderful news!  We are going to have a baby!  Papa, I’m pregnant!”
Marco laughed and said, “A baby. Oh, Sweet Angel, how wonderful!  You will be a wonderful loving mother.  John, you will be a great papa!  Congratulations!  I am so happy for you both.”
“John and I talked it over.  If it is a boy, we would like to give him your name, if that is all right with you,” Anne said timidly.
“You’d name him after me?  Shouldn’t you give him John’s or your dad’s name?” he asked.
“Marco, without you, John and I would probably never have re-met, fallen in love, and married.  You have been so wonderful to us.  You are so special to me, to both of us, we want our baby to know all about you.  If we have other children, we may use John’s name or my father’s name.  Is it all right with you?” Anne asked again.
“I am so honored and pleased.  Of course, it is fine with me!” Marco said with tears in his eyes.  “When is the baby due?”
“It will probably be in about eight months.  We don’t have an exact due date yet,” Anne reported.
Marco’s face clouded over for a moment.  Then he smiled and hugged Anne close and kissed her cheek.  Anne hugged him back and gently kissed his forehead.  Looking over Anne’s shoulder, Marco caught John’s eye.  John saw a deep sadness in Marco’s eye.  After Anne went off to the Spa to tell Lori, John asked Marco, ”Are you really okay with Anne’s pregnancy?  It looked like you were upset by our news.”
Marco looked surprised.  “I am delighted for you and Anne.  You will both be good parents.  It is a wonderful blessing. from God.  I was sad for a moment, because I am a selfish old man.  I realized I may never see or hold your beautiful baby.  Each week I am feeling more tired and a little worse.  I don’t think I will be able to hang on that long.  The doctor says the tumors have grown.  That’s why I felt sad and why you’re giving him my name is so special.  Please, don’t say anything to Anne.  This is her special time.  I don’t want her worrying or feeling sad about me.”
“I’m so sorry, Marco.  I’ve been so focused in on Anne and our marriage and the work we’ve been doing, I had almost forgotten about your cancer.  Is there anything I can do to make things easier for you?” John asked.
“Nothing for me.  Just take care of Anne and yourself.  I know my life is coming to its end.  Yours together is just beginning.  Protect your family and love it every minute of every day.  Family is so much more important than wealth or power.  The doctor said I had about eight months left to live, but that was three months ago.  I’ll be living  on borrowed time, but I want to see your baby,” Marco explained.
Both Marco and John became even more protective of Anne.  Anne continued to work part time in the Spa, the boutique, and flower shop as needed.  Her morning sickness was mild and she outgrew it in the third month.  Before the next doctor’s appointment, John and Anne decided that they wanted to know the sex of their baby.  During the sonogram, they stared in wonder at the image on the monitor screen.  The doctor studied it and then asked, “Do you want to know the sex of your baby now?”
Anne and John both nodded yes.
The doctor peered closely at the screen again and then answered, ”The answer is both.  You are having twins.  One is male; the other is female.  Congratulations!  You have two babies in there.  Look,” he pointed to the screen, “here is the heart and spine of the first baby; and there is the heart and spine of the other.”  He took a picture of the screen image and handed it to Anne.
Anne and John sat in stunned silence for a minute.  Then John said with a smile, “I guess we’d better think of another name.  This is wonderful, Anne,  I’ve always wanted a son and a daughter.  How do you feel about this?” John asked.
“I’m still in shock, but I love children.  I’m thrilled being married to you and having your babies.  Twice the work, twice the trouble, and twice the fun and love. We’ll get through it together,” she said with a wink.
“Having twins is more complicated and potentially more dangerous than having just one baby.  It is fairly common that twins are born prematurely.  We want them to stay in the womb as long as possible, but there is a chance they will come a several weeks early.  We need to watch this pregnancy very carefully,” Dr. Jenkins advised.
Later that evening, Marco exclaimed, “Are you really having twins?  That’s wonderful!  That was Sophia’s and my dream, having a boy and a girl to love.  My. Sweet Angel, I am thrilled for you.  What a blessing from God.  Just remember to always love each other and don’t take tomorrow for granted.  I love you, Anne.  Always remember that.”
About Anne’s sixth month, Marco began slowing down.  He was sleeping in later than usual.  His coloring was a little paler and slightly yellowish.  Anne was more tired also as the pregnancy progressed and she began to gain weight.
Anne gradually noticed the change in Marco.  When she mentioned it to John, he said he hadn’t noticed a difference.  He wanted to be honest and tell Anne, but he had promised Marco that he would not tell her.  It was Marco’s choice when to tell her about his illness.  Selfishly he hoped Anne would not notice his decline too soon.  He knew how hard it was going to be on her to go through losing another person she loved to cancer.
Chapter 10
By Anne’s seventh month, she definitely looked pregnant.  As her body grew and changed, she tired more easily, but she still enjoyed working at the resort stores.  Both Marco and Anne spent more time sitting and talking together in his suite.  John spent more time working alone in Marco’s office.  His training in finances enabled him to take over many of the day to day operating decisions.  He made gradual changes, always with Marco’s approval, and the resort began making better legal profits.  John gained the trust and respect of the employees, and he felt a sense of pride as his changes began bringing in new income.
One day, nearing  the middle of her seventh month, Anne cornered and directly asked Marco about his health.  She could see he was not looking as well as he had a few months before.  At first, Marco tried to discount her observations.
Finally Anne asked him point blank, ”Papa, we promised to tell the truth to each other even if the other might not want to hear it.  I can see that you are not the way you were when we first met.  Please, tell me the truth.  What is going on?”
“My Angel, I don’t want you worrying about me.  This is your special time.  You should concentrate on yourself and your babies,” Marco urged.
“I know too much to ignore the changes I see in you.  I need to know the truth,” she said firmly.
“My dearest Anne, I love you more than I can express.  I wanted to spare you this.  Just before I met you, I was diagnosed with Stage 4 lymphatic cancer.  I was told I only had about 8 months to live.  I  have already outlived their original prediction.  I feel a little weaker each week, and I’m having more pain now.  I think your being here with me has helped me live this long.  I know I have been so much happier since I met and loved you.  Your presence has made me so happy.  I want so much to be able to see your babies, but I don’t know if I can hold on that much longer,” Marco explained sadly.
Anne cried and held him close.  “Dear Papa, I’m so sorry!  I’ve been so happy and you’ve been hurting.  Why didn’t you tell me sooner?”
“That’s why I didn’t tell you.  I love you and I want you to be happy and not worry about me.  I’ve lived a long life, and I am happy just being near you.  You have brought me so much joy and peace.  I remember you talking about taking care of your father.  I didn’t want to spoil your joy with my illness,” Marco explained.
“I want to take care of you, Papa.  You have done so much for John and me.  You have made me so happy.  I love you.  I want to take care of you just like I did with my dad.  It brought me much joy to help him.  I want to help you in the same way, because I love you like my papa,” Anne explained.  She sat down beside him on the sofa, put her arms around his neck and hugged him.  She stayed with her arms around him and rested her face against his chest.
When Marco went to the doctor the next week, Anne went with him.  Since she was a nurse, she wanted to get all the information she could directly from the doctor.  She wanted to know how to best help him:  what could he eat, what physical activities were all right, what medications he needed, and any special care he might need.  Anne began planning and helping him with his meals.  She tried to make sure he was getting proper nutrition, but she didn’t try to force him to change all his eating habits.  She encouraged him to eat good foods, but she left it up to him.  She realized his disease was so far advanced that nothing would prevent his death.  She was more concerned that he live as normal and pain free life as possible in the time he had left.
Anne and Marco took short walks and sat outside together in the sun each day.  They held hands and talked quietly.  Marco talked often about his childhood and of Sophia and Angela.  They looked through old boxes of photos.  He found and showed Anne pictures of his wedding day and of his family.  Angela’s and Sophia’s pictures affected him the most.  They talked freely about everything.  Knowing the end was near, they talked about his coming death.
”Marco, can I ask you a personal question?” Anne asked.
“Of course, Angel,  you can ask me anything,” he answered.
“Are you ready to meet God when you die?  Are you safe in Christ?  I know I am, because I believe in Christ, have asked for forgiveness and have been accepted, and am saved by Christ.  I love you and I want to be sure you will be in heaven with Sophia and Angela and with me.  Have you accepted Christ as your Savior?” Anne asked.
“It’s too late for me, Anne.  I have done too much evil in my life. I don’t deserve God’s forgiveness,” Marco admitted hopelessly.
“Marco, it is never too late, and if you truly believe Jesus is God’s Son and ask in faith to be saved, God will accept you and forgive you.  It isn’t based on what we’ve done in our life. It is because of what Christ did on the cross.  It is all about Him, the one we believe in, and if we repent and ask to be forgiven.  All you have to do is believe and ask to be forgiven. I want to be with you in Heaven when it is my time to die so I can be  with my family and yours. Please think about it, Marco. I know it seems too easy, but God has promised that he will never turn anyone away who believes in Jesus and asks to make Jesus his Lord and Savior.  I want you to be with your family.  I know you love them and have missed then.  You can be with them again,” Anne urged him.
“I’ll think about it.  I am feeling very tired tonight.  Maybe later, you can explain it again.  I want to be with Sophia and Angela again. It’s just hard for me to believe God could forgive someone like me,” Marco said.
“OK, later I’ll show you what it says in the Bible.  This is the most important decision you will ever have to make.  If you don’t accept God’s offer of forgiveness, you have already accepted Hell instead of Heaven as your final destination.  Please keep your heart and mind open, Papa,” Anne urged.
As Anne’s due date approached, John hurried and copied all the written records and computer files. He had completed videoing Marco’s testimony explaining each fact and what each document meant.  Marco named names of his associates and told what they had done together.  John already had more than enough information to complete his assignment, but he stalled his boss for more time.  He didn’t want the information to be released while Marco was still alive.  He had come to care so much  about Marco that he didn’t want him to be arrested.  He also didn’t want Anne to see him be arrested and probably die in jail.  Once Marco was dead, John had decided that he and and Anne would leave the resort and turn in all the evidence he had  been given.
John’s boss, Bob Watson, by phone and through Joe’s visits, had been pressuring him to hurry and close the investigation.  Finally John told him angrily, “Either wait until I finish or forget about getting any information from me.  That’s my terms and it’s the only way I’ll give you anything.”
That night before going to bed, John showed Anne a letter he had received from Bryan.  Anne took it and read what Brian had written.  “Dear John and Anne,  I think it’s cool that you are having twins.  I loved my brother and sister and my mom and dad.  They told me last night that my mom died last week.  Now I don’t have anyone left in my family.  I wish you were closer.  I miss you and Anne.  I don’t know what’s going to happen to me now.  I feel scared and alone.Write when you have time.  Love, Bryan”
“Oh no!  That poor kid.  We have to do something to help him, John.  He’s so alone.  I can’t imagine what he is feeling.  He is such an awesome, intelligent, and nice boy!  What will happen to him now?” Anne asked.
“It’s hard to tell.  He doesn’t have any family, so he’ll become a ward of the court.  At best, someone will adopt him and give him the love he deserves.  At worst, he’ll go into a series of foster homes or an institutional setting until he is 18.  That’s basically all the choices.  Of course, he will have a hard time being adopted.  Most people want to adopt babies.  Not many people are willing to take on a ten year old boy with possible health and emotional problems.  His future doesn’t look good, Anne, but what can we do?” John asked. 
“You’ll probably think I’m crazy to even suggest this, but could we become his foster parents or adopt him?  He’s so smart and such a great kid.  What do you think about that?” Anne asked timidly.
“I don’t know what to say.  I really care about him, too.  I’d love to do it, but could we manage it with twin babies and a ten year old boy?” he asked.
“I think we should pray about it, but I am willing to do whatever it takes to help him.  You know we both love him already.  And who would know better how to help him than you?  If we can handle twins, how much harder would it be to add one older boy?”
“Anne, I love you!  I would have never suggested it with you so close to having our babies, but I’d be happy to have three kids, maybe even more later.  Let’s think and pray about it.  Should we talk to Marco about it?” he asked.
“That’s a good idea.  He might have some ideas or input that would help us make a wise decision,” Anne agreed.
After telling Marco about Bryan and his situation, Anne said, “Marco, John and I really love this young boy.  Like John, he lost his family in an auto accident.  John’s father survived so he, at least, had one parent to take care of him.  Bryan’s mother was paralyzed and in a coma after the accident, and his father and siblings were all killed.  Now we learned his mother died as a result of complications from the accident.  He doesn’t have any family left.  We spent many days visiting and working with him and taking care of him.  We came to love him and feel very sad about his losses.  We were talking about trying to adopt him or become his long term foster parents.  What do you think about that idea?” Anne asked. 
Marco looked at them and thought for a moment.  “Do you think you have the energy, love, and desire to make that kind of a long term commitment?  In a few weeks, you will have twin babies to take care of.  That will be a lot of work.  Are you willing to do the extra things raising another boy will bring in your life?  I have no doubt that you have enough love and that you will be good parents to any children you take care of.  If you understand what it will take to be his parents and are willing and want to adopt him, I’d check it out.  The worst thing they could tell you is ‘No,’” Marco said.
After praying about it, they decided they had to try to help Bryan.  Early the next morning, John placed a phone call to the hospital to ask who they could talk to about Bryan’s future.  They were referred to the County Social Services’ Agency.  John called and spoke to an adoption counselor about Bryan.  The counselor  took information about them and checked with his supervisor.  The agency checked with the children’s hospital and verified the information they had provided.   He faxed them the application papers to fill out.  When he heard how close it was to Anne’s due date, he came up and interviewed them at Marco’s resort.  Bryan was nearly ready to be released from the hospital, so finding him a place to go was a top priority for the agency.
When they checked with John’s employer, they verified his information and gave glowing reference about his character and reliability.  Anne’s references also gave her an excellent recommendation.  The interview with the adoption counselor also went very well.  Because of Bryan’s special circumstances and imminent release from the hospital, the agency was eager to process his application as quickly as possible.  At the first court hearing, the judge reviewed the application, talked to Anne and John on a telephone conference call, and listened to the testimony and recommendations of the adoption agency.  The court reserved decision on final placement, but they agreed that Bryan would be allowed to be released from the hospital into John and Anne’s care.  If all went well during the trial period, the court would then make the adoption placement permanent.
Things happened unbelievably fast.  When Anne was  beginning her eighth month, the word came through that Bryan would be allowed to come and live with them pending final court action.  Marco moved them to a larger three room suite.  They decided, even though it was a long ride, Anne and John would both go down and see Bryan and talk to him about coming to stay with them.  They left late on Monday afternoon to be there at the hospital early Tuesday morning.
Bryan was shocked to see them come walking into his room on Tuesday morning.  John and Anne walked over and hugged him.  No one had talked to him about their plan.  Anne and John asked him how he was feeling.  “What are you going to do when they say you can leave the hospital?” Anne asked him gently.
“I don’t know what’s going to happen.  I don’t have any family left.  I’m not sure where I’ll go,” he said. “I’m scared and worried.”
John took his hand and said, “Bryan, Anne and I would like you to come and live with us.  I know how hard it is losing your family like you did.  We love you and have permission from the court to take you home with us, but only if you want to come with us.  We are living temporarily at a large resort until after our twins are born.  You would be their big brother, and Anne and I would be your parents.  Would you like to come and see if we could become a family?  I promise we will do everything we can to be good parents to you.  After the babies are born, we will be moving to a new place to live.  I’m not sure exactly where it will be, but we would all be together.  What do you think?”
“Do you mean I could come and visit with you or come and stay forever?” he asked hesitantly.
“We would like you to be our son permanently, but that will be up to you.  I know it is a lot to think about, but are you willing to try and see if it works out for you?  We both love you already and hope it becomes permanent,” Anne added.
“Would you help me do puzzles and take care of me?” Bryan asked.
“Of course, we want you to be part of our family.  We’ll have to learn together.  I’ve never had a ten year old son before, but I am looking forward to having you with us.  If you say you want to go with us, we can take you home with us today.  Well, Bryan, think about it.  What do you want to do?” John asked.
“Will you help me pack my things?  I want to go home with you.  I want to be part of your family, if you are really sure you want me,” he added anxiously.
“We are both sure! We want you to be our son!” they both said and hugged him.
Bryan began crying and Anne held him close and kissed him.  “You don’t have to be scared or unhappy.  You aren’t alone anymore.  We’ll be your family, and we will take care of you.”
It took a couple of hours to get all the paperwork from the court, the welfare department, and the hospital completed.  After eating a late get lunch, they got into Anne’s car and began the long drive home.  It was very late when they arrived at the resort.  Bryan was sound asleep.  John parked the car and helped Anne out of the car.  He picked up Bryan, and carried him up to the elevator.  Anne walked along beside them.  The desk clerk called Marco’s suite to tell him they had arrived.  Marco put on his robe and slippers and walked down the hall to meet the new member of ‘his’ family.  Anne smiled when she saw him and hugged him.  He looked at the sleeping boy in John’s arms and smiled.
“We fixed up his room a little.  Luigi and Lori arranged a few things to help him feel more at home.  I’ll let you go and take care of him.  How are you feeling, Anne?  I hope the trip wasn’t too hard on you,” he said quietly.
“I’m tired from the riding, but very happy to be bringing Bryan home with us.  I know you will like Bryan.  He is a very smart and brave young man.  We’d both better get to bed.  I love you, Papa.  Get some rest. I’ll see you in the morning,” she said with a tired smile.
When they went into their new suite.  John carried Bryan over to his new room.  Anne turned back the covers on the bed.  John sat Bryan down on the edge of the bed.  He quickly undressed Bryan.  He took off his outer clothes, removed his socks and shoes, and put him down in the bed.  Anne bent over and kissed him.  He stirred in his sleep.  They tiptoed out of the room and walked over to their room.  They left both doors open so they could hear Bryan if he woke up in the night.  Anne was afraid he might wake up and be scared in a new place, so she left a light on in the connecting room.
John and Anne walked into their bedroom and quickly undressed and climbed into bed.  Because of her size, it was hard for Anne to find a comfortable position to sleep, but she fell asleep in just a few minutes.  About 4 am, John heard Bryan crying.  He hurried over and turned on the light.  Bryan was sitting up in his bed.  John hurried over and sat down beside him.  “It’s all right, Bryan.  This is your new room.  You were so soundly asleep, we decided not to wake you up last night.  Do you need anything?  The bathroom is over here,” he said.
“I’m sorry.  I wet the bed.  I woke up and didn’t know where I was.  I’m sorry.  I don’t usually do that.  Please, don’t be mad at me,” he sobbed.
“Bryan, we aren’t mad.  It was an accident.  It is my fault, not yours.  I should have waked you up last night so you could go to the bathroom.  Don’t cry, I’m just so happy you are here and safe with us.  You don’t have to be scared or worry anymore.  Let me get this bed changed. Your clothes are in the bag on the chair.  Change your clothes , and then I’ll put you back in bed.  Let me show you something else,” he led Bryan across the connecting room.  He whispered, “This is our bedroom.  Anne is still asleep. She needs to get some extra rest.  The babies are about ready to be born, so we shouldn’t wake her up right now, but no matter what or when, if you get scared or need anything, this is where we sleep.  Come and wake me up. I promise we won’t get mad at you!  Come on, let’s get you back to bed.”
“Can you stay with me for a few minutes while I go to sleep?” Bryan asked timidly.
“Sure, it’s hard going to new places.  You’ve had so many big changes in your short life.  Now, you are home.  It’s time to relax and get some sleep.  I’m here and I’ll protect you.  You don’t need to worry anymore,” John comforted him.
In a few minutes, Bryan was sound asleep.  John went back and climbed in beside Anne.  She stirred and asked if he was OK.  John said, “Yes.  He’ll be fine.  Go back to sleep.  I love you.”  He kissed her and snuggled up against her with his arm protectively over her shoulder.
The next morning, Bryan woke up and quietly dressed himself.  He walked around his room.  He noticed a jigsaw puzzle box on the table in his room.  He was just opening the box when he heard John walking into his room.  “I’m sorry.   I saw the puzzle.  I didn’t mean to snoop,” Bryan apologized.
“Bryan, relax!  The puzzles and books, all of these things, are for you.  They are here for you to enjoy.  You are not ‘company’ here; you’re family.  What do you want us to call you?  If I call you son, would it help you realize you belong here?  Or do you want me to call you Bryan?  Later, maybe we can work on the puzzle together, if you want company.  I also want you to meet our host.  Marco owns this resort.  He and Anne are like family, and he has been very kind to us.  He is very ill now, but he stayed up late last night to see you.  I know he is anxious to meet you.  He encouraged us to try to adopt you.  There are many people here at the resort who are happy to have you here, too.  Anne has a doctor’s appointment later today, so Anne and I will be going to town for a while this morning.  You can stay here by yourself in your room, or you could go visit with Marco, or you could go with us and wait in the waiting room.  We’ll talk about it at breakfast.  I’m going to go check on Anne.  Feel free to check out everything,” John said as he walked out of the room.
“Would you call me Son?  I like the way it sounds,” Bryan said timidly.
“I’d love to call you son.  I’m so happy you are with us,” John answered and gave him a happy hug.
After Anne was up and dressed, they all walked to Marco’s suite.  He was waiting for them anxiously.  John walked over with Bryan and introduced him.  “Marco, this is Bryan, my son.  It feels good to say those words.  I’ve never said them before,” he grinned as he tousled Bryan’s hair.
Marco extended his hand and said, “Bryan, I’m very happy to welcome you to our resort.  I hope you enjoy your time here.  There are lots of things for you to do and see here.  John or Luigi will show you around.  We have a pool, a health club, and lots of other fun things.”
Anne walked over and hugged Marco and Bryan.  “How are all my guys today?  Did you sleep well last night, Bryan?  How are you feeling today, Marco?  Did you take your medicine yesterday and this morning?” she asked.
Bryan said, “I feel good today, but I’m sorry about last night.”
John interrupted him, “Bryan, you don’t have anything to apologize for.  He woke up in the night and was scared.  There was no problem.  It gave me a chance to spend some special alone time with you.”
Marco explained, “I took all my medicine.  I had to.  You left Luigi and Lori in charge of checking up on me.  I had to behave,” he laughed.  “How are you feeling today, Anne?”
“John let me sleep a little longer this morning.  I feel good, but I’m hungry.  How about some breakfast before I go to the doctor?  Can we order in today?  I feel too big and lazy to walk all the way down to The Cafe and back,” Anne admitted.
Marco laughed and called room service.  He began ordering the usual  things, then he turned and asked Bryan. “What do you like to eat for breakfast?”  He listened and then placed the rest of the order.
In a few minutes, the waiter brought up the food and placed it on the table. When they sat down to eat, John waited until all were seated, then he said, “I think we need to say special prayer this morning.  Let’s all join hands.  Dear God, we thank you so much for the blessings you have given to us.  We especially thank you for letting Bryan come and join our family.  I pray you will help him to find all the love and joy that he deserves.  Help us to become a loving family and enjoy each day that we have to share.  Thank you for Marco and we ask a special prayer that he will have many good days and that our babies will be born healthy and that we may all see and enjoy them. Protect Anne and help her safely deliver them soon.  Bless this food to nourish our bodies and bless the hands of all who prepared and served it.  We praise you and pray this in Jesus’ name. Amen.”
By the time breakfast was over, Bryan had begun to relax and talked more freely.  He smiled and thanked Marco for the breakfast.  He started to stack the dishes.  Marco began to stop him, but Anne said, “Thank you, Bryan, that was nice.  When we stay at a resort or hotel, they have people who do that for us, but I am so proud of you helping.  What a wonderful boy you are!”
Bryan smiled happily at her words of praise.  She walked over and hugged him.  When it was time for Anne and John to leave for the doctor’s appointment, she asked Bryan, “What do you want to do today?  I hate leaving you the first day, but I need the doctor to check on the twins.  If you go with us, you will probably have to wait by yourself in the waiting room.  If you stay here, you can visit with Marco or Luigi or Lori can show you around.  What do you want to do?”
“I guess I’d like to stay here and visit with Marco, if it is all right with him, or I can work on the jigsaw puzzle in my room,” he answered.
“I would love the company.  It will give us time to get acquainted.  We’ll be fine here.  He can stay for a while.  If he gets tired of my company, Luigi can take him swimming or go to the gym.  Don’t worry about us.  You go on and see how the babies are doing,” Marco said with a welcoming smile at Bryan.
When they got to the doctor’s office, Anne and John went into the examining room.  Anne’s pregnancy was progressing nicely, but because she was carrying twins, the doctor told her she would probably not go full term.  They were thrilled that she had carried them almost eight months. 
When Dr. Perkins came in, he checked her over carefully.  He checked her weight, listened to her heart, and put a monitor around her abdomen to measure the twin’s heart beats.  When he did the sonogram, he said, “It looks likes the babies have changed position in the womb.  “It looks like these little ones are trying to decide who will be born first. They have moved down and are getting ready to enter the outside world.  So far their heart beats and vital signs are fine.  I can’t predict exactly, but I think they will probably be born in less than a week.  That would make them slightly premature, but they are definitely healthy and would do well outside.  It is just a matter of when your body is ready to move them out.  Get your suitcase packed so you can leave for the hospital when the time comes.  Call me when you begin having labor pains.”
“Did we tell you that we already have a very large baby at home?” Anne asked with a smile.  “It is a long story, but we adopted (or rather, we are in the process of adopting) a ten year old boy whose entire family was killed in a car crash.  I was his nurse at the children’s hospital while he was recovering from his injuries.  We brought him home with us yesterday.  Our family will soon include three, not two, children.”
Dr. Jenkins shook his head, “That’s wonderful, I guess.  You are going to be very busy, but I admire your wanting to take on another child.  Let me know how he is doing.”
“He seems to be doing all right.  After the babies are born, we’ll bring him in so you can take care of him, too.  Next time I see you, hopefully we will all get to meet the twins,” Anne said.
Each day, Marco was spending more time in bed or resting in his suite.  Bryan went to visit him each day.  They began working on a jigsaw puzzle together.  Bryan found most of the pieces, but Marco helped him put the pieces in place.  He praised Bryan when he was able to find some very quickly.  When Marco got tired, Bryan helped him back to his bed.  Anne walked in quietly and stood by the door and heard Bryan reading the pamphlet about salvation she had given Marco to read.  Bryan’s parents had apparently been Christians, because he explained it so clearly and simply that Marco said, “Is it really that simple?  How do you know this?” he asked.
“My mom and dad told me, and I asked to be saved, and God saved me.  I can feel him with me when I feel scared or alone.  I know my family is in Heaven with Jesus now, and when I die I am going to see them again.  The secret is God loves everyone and wants everyone to be saved.  In Sunday school, I learned John 3:16.  ‘For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.’  That’s why Jesus came and died in our place, so we can go to Heaven.  Do you understand now, Marco?” he asked simply.
Marco looked at him and smiled. “Yes, Bryan.  Now I understand.  How can I be saved and go to Heaven?” he asked simply.
“It’s really easy.  Just say ‘God, I am sorry for the bad things I have done.  I know you love me and Jesus died in my place.  Please forgive me and save me.  Thank you for loving me and letting me go to heaven when I die.’ Can you say that and mean it?” Bryan asked.
Tears flowed down Anne’s face while she listened to Marco pray the simple prayer after Bryan.  When they were finished praying, Anne walked over and hugged and kissed Bryan.  Then she sat down with Marco and hugged him and kissed him, too.  “The Bible says ‘A little child shall lead them.’  Bryan, you  explained it so perfectly.  Marco, I am so happy you are safe in God’s hands now.  When you die, you will be in Heaven with Angela and Sophia.  Thank you, Bryan.  You did a wonderful thing for Marco and me,” Anne said happily.
After Bryan left, Anne sat by Marco’s bedside and told him all the doctor had said.  “Try to hold on a little longer, my dear papa.  The twins will be here soon.  Then all my wishes and prayers will come true.  I love you so much, Marco. Rest now and I’ll see you tomorrow,” Anne whispered.
When Anne got back to her suite, she walked into Bryan’s room.   He and John were working on a puzzle.  She walked over and kissed Bryan on the forehead.  “John, do you remember, when we stopped by to say goodbye to Bryan at the children’s hospital, telling Bryan someday he would do something great?  Tonight, he did the greatest thing he could do for anyone.  He led Marco to the Lord.  Marco prayed and is saved now.  I will never forget what you did for him and for me.  You do understand that Marco is dying, don’t you?  He has just a few days or weeks to live.  I am going to miss him so much, but now I know he is going to be all right.  Thank you, my son.” She said hugging him close.
Chapter 11
Anne was very happy, but restless that evening.  About 10 pm, she went to bed.  About midnight, she awoke with severe cramping.  When she got up to go to the bathroom, she looked down and saw she was sopping wet.  Her water had broken.  Quickly she woke John.
”John, get up.  It’s time.  Call the doctor and tell him my water broke and my contractions are getting stronger and faster.  Call Luigi and Lori and see if they can come over and watch over Bryan and  check on Marco in the morning.”
John quickly pulled on his clothes, made the phone calls, and got Anne’s suitcase.  By the time he was ready to leave, Luigi and Lori were at the door.  Lori walked with Anne down to the car and then returned to Marco’s suite.  John got in and drove Anne to the hospital.  When they arrived, Anne was hurried into a delivery room.  
The doctor on call checked Anne and noted the babies were in position to deliver and Anne was fully dilated.  When Dr. Jenkins hurried in, he said, “I told you they were about ready to make an appearance.  Looks like I made it just in time.  The big question now is who’s going to appear first.”
John stood by Anne’s side.  He coached her breathing and held her hand.  He looked at her and felt like he was about to explode with joy and love.  Anne began contracting and pushed hard.  She strained and pushed again.  A patch of brown hair began to appear.  She pushed a few more times and the first  baby slid out of the birth canal.  Dr. Jenkins lifted the baby and handed it to the nurse who began cleaning the mouth and nostrils. 
“It’s a boy,” Dr. Jenkins announced.  Soon a loud cry was heard.  The nurse checked him over and quickly cleaned him and wrapped him in a blanket and put a blue cap on his head.  She walked over and held him up for Anne and John to see.  He had a full head of brown hair.  He weighed in at 5 lbs., 3 oz. and was 19 inches long.
A few minutes later, the contractions began again.  Although Anne was tired, she began pushing again.  Anne pushed again and again.  Soon the second baby, a little girl with light brown hair, emerged into the light of the delivery room.  She cried even before the doctor had time to hand her off to the waiting nurse.  She was checked, cleaned, wrapped in a pink blanket and given a pink cap to wear.  She was weighed and measured.  She was a little smaller, weighing in at 4 lbs., 15 oz. and was 18 inches long.
After the doctor finished attending to Anne, the nurses brought the two babies over and laid them in Anne’s arms. She looked at each of them, then she smiled up at John. John looked down at Anne and the twins and tears rolled down his cheeks.  He leaned over and kissed Anne tenderly.  He smiled and said, “You did it, Anne.  They are both beautiful, just like you!  You are so wonderful.  I love you, and I am so lucky to have a beautiful loving wife and a baby son and a baby daughter, and a new son.  Now Bryan has a new brother and sister.  Thank you, Anne.  Thank you God, and you, too, Dr. Jenkins.”
Very carefully, he picked up the little girl.  He cradled her in his arm, being careful to support her head.  He looked at Anne with tears in his eyes.  He gently kissed his daughter and held her close.  He gazed at her in wonder and seemed to be trying to memorize everything about her.  He gently put her back in Anne’s arm and picked up his son.  The baby yawned and looked up at his face.  He held him and examined his tiny hand.  The baby wrapped his hand around John’s finger.
“He’s got quite a grip for such a little guy.  Maybe Marco will be an athlete.  I can’t believe how tiny and perfect they both are,” John marveled.
Anne watched John holding the babies. “You are going to be such a wonderful father.  I love you so much, John.”  John bent over and kissed her again.
“We’ll have our hands full now, but I can’t wait to get them home so we can start our lives together.  Thanks for taking such good care of them all these months while they were growing inside you.  I wonder what Bryan will think of his baby brother and sister.  Now we can take care of them together,” John said happily.
Anne said, “Please call Lori and Luigi and tell them the babies are here and we are all well.  If Marco is awake, they can tell him.  If not, I’ll tell him tomorrow.  Be sure and tell Bryan when he wakes up.  If everything checks out with the twins and me, we will be coming home in the afternoon.”
Anne was taken to her room and soon fell asleep.  John walked over to the nursery and looked at the twins sleeping together.  He stopped and said a prayer of thanksgiving for their safe delivery and for Anne’s love.  He checked back in with Anne.  He left her and went back to the resort.  The next day, he returned to bring his new family home.  He brought Bryan with him.  They installed two baby car seats in Anne’s car and drove over to the hospital.  Bryan and John walked into Anne’s room.  She was sitting up nursing Marco.  John looked at the peace and contentment on her face, and he smiled at her.  When she finished feeding and burping Marco, John took him and  walked over to Bryan.  While Anne fed her daughter,  John carefully handed Bryan his baby brother Marco.  Bryan looked at him and laughed.  “He’s so small.  Look at those eyes.  He’s looking at me.  I wonder what he’ll think about having a big brother?” he asked.
“I’m sure he is going to love you, just like we already do.  That’s what families do; they love each other,” John said proudly.
Later, he took Marco back to Anne and carried the little girl over to show Bryan. She was sleepy and made little cooing noises.  When Bryan held her, she opened her eyes and yawned.  “Look, Dad,” Bryan said shyly, “her eyes are the same color as Mom’s eyes.  I’m not sure whether they are blue or blue-green, but they are pretty just like hers.”
“That’s the first time you’ve called me Dad.  Thanks, I like the way it sounds when you say it, Son.  Are we all ready to go home, Anne?” he asked.
“We just need to sign the last papers, and then we can leave.  I’m anxious to get them home.  How is Marco today?” she asked finally.
“He was awake and smiling from ear to ear when I told him that you and the twins were all well.  He is looking better than I’ve seen him in several days.  He and Bryan spent the day together and were working on a puzzle when I got home with the good news.  I know he is eager to see you and the babies,” John said. 
When the nurse came in with the papers, they loaded the twins into the infant car carriers.  Anne rode out in a wheelchair.  John carried the twins in their carriers out to the car.  Bryan proudly carried Anne’s suitcase and the  flower arrangement Marco had sent her.  When they got to the car, John carefully put the twins in their car seats.  Bryan climbed in between them.  He smiled proudly at Anne and John and put a protective hand on each car seat.  John helped Anne from the wheelchair into the front seat.  He leaned in and kissed her while he fastened her seatbelt. He mouthed the words “I love you” and she whispered them back.
John got in and drove his family away from the hospital.  When they drove up to the front doors, they were greeted by most of the employees who were working that day.  Anne was sore and tired, but she walked to the elevator.  John carried one twin while Luigi carried the other.  Bryan walked with Anne, holding her hand and carrying her suitcase.  They got off the elevator and walked directly to Marco’s suite.  He was dressed in a robe and was sitting on the leather sofa.  Bryan helped Anne over to sit on the sofa next to Marco.  She sat down gingerly and smiled at Marco.  Marco’s smile clearly showed his feelings.  He hugged her carefully, “Congratulations, my Sweet Angel.  You are a beautiful mother.  May I see the babies?” he asked timidly.
Anne smiled and said, “Silly question.  You’re the first one I came to show them to.  John and Luigi, please put the car carriers down by me.  Anne unfastened the restraining strap and lifted the first baby up into her arms and held him so Marco could see the baby’s face.  “Papa, I want you to meet Marco Robert Williamson.  He was born ten minutes before his sister.”  She held the baby out and placed him in Marco’s arms. 
Marco looked down at the tiny face looking up at him.  The baby yawned and closed his eyes.  Marco laughed quietly, “Look, I put him to sleep.  I guess I’m not exciting enough for this young man.  He is so handsome, Angel.  I didn’t think I’d even be able to see him, but, look!  I’m holding him!  Little Marco, you be a good boy and mind your mother and father.  They will take good care of you and love you.  I know you will bring great joy into their lives.  Bryan, you are such a wonderful boy.  I trust you to be a good brother and help your mom and dad take care of him,” Marco said seriously.
Bryan said, “I will Marco.  I promise I’ll be a good brother to both of the twins.”
Marco handed little Marco to John.  Anne held the little girl up for Marco to see.  “Marco, my dear one, I want you to meet our daughter Angela Sophia Williamson.  I hope you don’t mind our borrowing those two special names.  Whenever I speak to them or talk about them, I will remember you.  This way you and both of your loved ones will always be with me.  Angela is about half a pound smaller than Marco, but so far, she is noisier than her brother.”  Anne carefully put Angela in Marco’s arms.
Marco stared in wonder at Angela’s tiny face, and he began crying softly.  “Anne, I love her names.  I didn’t expect that.  My sweet Angela had darker skin and hair color, but she looked just as perfect to me as your Angela does to you.  Her eyes are just like yours.  This precious little girl is so much like her beautiful mother.   I’ll warn you, John,  she will charm you with those eyes and wrap you around her little finger.  Bryan, this little girl will need a big brother to keep her safe.  You have a kind heart and the intelligence to be a great brother.  You are going to have such a wonderful family.  I am so happy I got to see and hold them.  Thank you, Anne, for everything you have done for me.  I love you all, and I pray you will have a long, happy and healthy life together.  John, love them all and protect them.  Be thankful for them and enjoy every minute of your life together.  Congratulations, my dear ones.  You have made this old man very happy.  I thank God for each of you and for God allowing me to see this beautiful family here with me,” Marco said brokenly.
After visiting for a little while longer, Anne , John, and Bryan took the twins to their new home.  They carefully put them into their cribs.  They stood there clustered together watching them sleep.  Quietly they crept out of the nursery.  John helped Anne remove her shoes, socks, and climb into bed.  “Better get some sleep while you can.  We are going to be very busy from now on,” John said kissing her softly before walking out and shutting the door.
John put his arm around Bryan and walked into his room.  “Well, you sure didn’t have much time as our only child.  We didn’t expect the twins would be here this quickly, but I am so happy you were here to share this special time with us.  I  didn’t get much sleep last night, would you mind if I go take a quick nap?  It is going to be hectic around here for us for a while taking care of two newborn babies.”
Bryan said, “Go get some sleep.  I can find plenty to do.  When the babies wake up, I’ll let you know.  Thanks for including me in your family.  It feels good being here with you and Anne and the twins.”
John walked back to his bedroom.  He slipped off his shoes and outer clothes and climbed in next to Anne.  He snuggled next to her and kissed her softly.  He dozed off looking at her sleeping beside him.
About three hours later, John heard a light knocking at the bedroom door. He got up and walked over to open  it.  Bryan whispered, “The babies just woke up.  I think Marco is the one who started crying first.  Do you want me to go check on them?” he asked.
“Let me go with you, Son.  I’m new at this taking care of baby job.  At least, it is totally new to me,”  he admitted.
John went in and picked up Marco.  He quietly carried him to Anne.  “I hate to wake you, but I think he may be hungry.  That’s one thing I can’t help you with.”  He handed him to Anne.  She quickly undid the strap on her gown and put him against her breast.  Soon John heard a sucking sound.
Anne smiled happily at John.  “You were right, honey. We are going to be very busy.  About the time he is finished, Angela will be waking up.  When that happens, can you bring Angela to me so I can feed and burp her?  Do you know how to change a diaper?  That’s usually the next thing to do.  When I finish feeding Angela, I’ll come and help get them cleaned up and ready to go back to bed.  I’m afraid taking long sleeps is a thing of the past.  Thanks for being such a wonderful husband and father.  I am tired, but so happy with our new family.  We need to be sure Bryan doesn’t feel left out.  He seems to be adapting well.  I’m so glad he’s safe here with us,” she said.
Bryan had just walked up to knock on the bedroom door jamb in time to hear Anne talk about him being part of the family.  He tiptoed up and peeked inside.  “Mom,” he said quietly, “Angela is crying now.  Do you want me to do anything for you?”
“Yes,” Anne answered, “please come in here for a minute.  John, will you go get Angela and bring her to me?”  She looked at Bryan and said, “Sit down here.  I was so busy with the twins earlier, I didn’t get to hug you or give you a kiss this morning.  Can I have a hug and kiss before Angela gets here?” she asked.  Bryan leaned over and hugged her.  She gave him a big kiss and said, "Thanks for being so kind to Marco.  He thinks you are wonderful, and so do we.  I’m sorry we didn’t have more time for you to settle in before the babies arrived, but you have been such a big help.  I am so proud of you and so happy to have you here with us.”
John carried Angela into the bedroom.  Anne handed Marco to Bryan.  John put Angela in Anne’s arm and she began feeding her. John took Marco and said, “Come on, Bryan.  Let’s see if we can figure out how to change his diaper.”
“I know how to do that.  I helped my mom with my baby sister.  I can show you how to do it,” Bryan said confidently.
“That’s great.  I’m glad someone knows how to do it,” John said as he carried Marco into the nursery.  Bryan got a clean diaper and a box of wipes.  John put Marco down.  Bryan undid the snaps on his sleeper and pulled it off.  “Yuck! It got wet, too.”   He unfastened the tape on the diaper and pulled it off and put it aside.  “Make sure you use a wipe each time so he doesn‘t get a rash.  Wipe off his front and then his bottom,” Bryan said making a face.  “Then open the clean diaper and lift him up, slip the diaper under his butt, and then fasten the sticky tape.  We need to put on a dry sleeper, too.  Can you find one in the bag or dresser?”
John brought over Marco’s clean sleeper.  He carefully and gently put the clean one on and snapped it shut.  “You changed that diaper like a pro, Bryan.  Thanks for the help.  I think I can do it, but I may ask you to check me out next time,” John said.
They had just finished putting Marco down in his bed when Anne walked in with Angela.  “Did I hear you say you wanted to practice putting on a diaper?” she asked with a laugh. 
John took Angela and carefully changed her diaper. He felt awkward, but managed to get the job done without any major problem.  Bryan and Anne both said, “Good job” and laughed at his pleased expression.
Anne put her arms around Bryan and John.  “You two guys are wonderful!  Hopefully they will sleep for a few hours.  Can you two manage without me?  I want to get some more rest before I go check on Papa.”
After Anne completed the next feeding of the twins, she took her sleeping son with her when she went to check on Marco.  He was sleeping when she walked into his room.  She walked over and quietly kissed him on the cheek.  He opened his eyes and smiled sleepily at her.  She laid Marco down beside him.  He looked at the baby and smiled.  Marco reached out and put his arm around the baby.  He fell back asleep with the baby sleeping peacefully beside him.  Anne straightened up his room.  She got his medicine ready and brought a glass of water over to the bed.  She got her camera and took a picture of the Marcos sleeping together.  She gently woke Marco, helped him sit up enough to take his pills, and gently lowered him back down.  He fell right back to sleep.  Anne looked down at them and smiled. She lifted little Marco up and carried him back to his own crib.
After the next feeding time, she took Angela down to Marco’s room.  He was sitting up and was having a lot of pain.  Anne gave him a shot.  He held Angela and gently kissed her face.  Anne took a picture of them.  She smiled when she saw the look of peace on Marco’s face as he held the baby girl.  He looked directly at Angela and talked softly to her.  She looked up at him and seemed to be listening to all he said.  As the pain medicine took effect, Marco grew sleepy again.  Anne took Angela and carried her back to her crib.
Someone was always with Marco when he was awake.  It was obvious he was failing fast.  He needed more and more pain medicine, and he barely touched his food.  While Anne spent more time with Marco, Lori and Luigi spent more time helping take care of the twins.  Luigi spent most of his time sitting close beside Lori.  Anne smiled when she noticed the growing closeness and affection developing between them.  Anne had an extra crib moved in to Marco’s room.  With Lori’s help, she fed one twin and then traded for the other one so she could stay in the room with Marco in case he needed anything. 
One night a few days later, Marco was very restless with increased pain.  John sat in Marco’s room with Anne.  He held one baby while the other slept in the crib or was being fed.  During the day, many of Marco’s faithful employees had come and visited with him.  They heard he was near death so they didn’t stay long, but each one wanted to say goodbye.  Later, Anne sat on the edge of Marco’s bed.  She held his hand and wiped his face with a cool damp cloth.  She talked quietly to Marco and told him she loved him.
John watched Anne and marveled at her gentle care of the old man who was losing his battle with death.  He listened as Anne talked quietly to Marco. “My dear Marco,” she said, “I love you, papa.  I am so blessed to have gotten to know you and to love you.  I hate seeing you in so much pain.  I know you have been holding on so you could see the babies.  I am so happy that you were able to see them and hold them.  I wish you could be with us longer, but I don’t want you hurting anymore.  I know you have loved and missed Sophia and your sweet Angela for so many years.  When you are ready to go and be with them, please don’t fight it for my sake.  I will miss you, but I will be happy knowing you are safe in Heaven with them.  If you are staying here because of me, I will be all right now.  I have John to love and protect me.  I have Bryan, Marco, and Angela to give me a reason to live.  It is nearly time for you to go and be with your family.  One day we will join you, and I will be able to meet them with you.  When you are ready,  go and be with them.  I will not say goodbye, Papa.  I’ll just say ‘I’ll see you later’,” she whispered and kissed his forehead, his cheek, and then gently on the lips.
She sat quietly beside him, holding his hand in hers.  She felt his hand move.  She looked down at him.  His eyes opened slowly.  He smiled at her and whispered, “I’ll see you later, Angel.”  Marco’s eyes closed and his hand went limp in hers.  Anne reached down, checked his pulse and listened for his heartbeat.  She put his hands down on his chest and began weeping.
John rushed over and held her close in his arms while she cried softly.  After a few minutes, John gathered up the babies and the rest of their things.  He left Anne sitting beside Marco’s bed while he went down to tell the others that Marco had gone to be with God.  When John came back, Luigi and Lori returned with him.  They went over and paid their last respects to Marco.  It was obvious that Luigi and Lori had really loved Marco.  He stood by his bed and tears rolled down his cheeks.  Lori stood beside him.  She wrapped her arms around Luigi and held him.  She was weeping also.  
“At last, he isn’t hurting anymore.  My oldest brother (God rest his soul) and Marco were best friends as children.  I have known him all my life.  We spent many years together.  I know I am going to miss him.  I feel lost now, like the last member of my family died.  I knew it was coming, but it is still hard to believe he is no longer with us,” Luigi said brokenly.
“Luigi, you were a good friend to him.  All of us who knew him will miss him.  He did so many kind and generous things to help his friends over the years. He used to say, ‘We will get through it together.’  Together, Luigi, we will get through this together.  If you don’t want to be alone tonight, you can stay with me, if you want to,” Lori whispered to him.
He squeezed her closer and said, “I’d like that. I don’t want to leave him and be alone.”
Luigi turned to John and asked, “What do we need to do tonight about this?”
“There is no rush now.  Later on, I will call and report his death.  They will send an ambulance to take him to the hospital or to the morgue.  Since he had terminal cancer, they will probably take him directly to the mortuary.  Marco knew he was dying long before we learned he was sick, and he left instructions for everything.  In the morning, we will go to make sure his arrangements will be done just as he wanted them.  Do you want to go with me to do that?  If you don’t want to, I can take care of it, but I thought you might want to be included,” John added.
“I want to go with you.  Are you sure I can’t do anything tonight?” Luigi asked.
“No, it will be all right to do everything in the morning,” John answered.
Luigi looked one last time at Marco. Then he and Lori walked out of the room. After they were gone, John gathered up the rest of the papers he had worked on with Marco.  He carried the files, video tapes, and documents down to his suite and placed them in storage boxes and locked them in his closet.  Even though it was very late, he gently woke up Bryan and told him about Marco.  Bryan cried and hurried down to be with Anne.  He sat next to her and put his arms around her.  After a few minutes, Bryan walked over and looked down at Marco still lying on his bed.  Anne gently covered Marco with a blanket.  He looked like he was peacefully sleeping.  John sent Anne and Bryan back to their room.  
Finally John walked over and looked down at Marco.  He had come to love the old man he had once thought of only as a criminal.  John knew he had done many terrible things in his life, but he also knew how much Marco had loved Anne and what he had done to try to make amends for his mistakes.  “Rest in peace, Marco.  I hope you are with your family now and that you have no more pain.  Thank you for all you did to help Anne and me.  We will never forget you, and I will love and protect our Sweet Angel and our children.” he promised. 
John walked over and used Marco’s telephone to call the police and report Marco’s death.  He waited at the front desk for the police and ambulance to come and pick up his body.  He explained Marco had passed away peacefully in his sleep from terminal cancer.  He gave them the doctor’s name and phone number.  He asked them to remove the body and told them the name of the mortuary where Marco wanted his body to be taken.  John answered the questions for the police and ambulance attendants.  He wrote a note to the desk clerk with a message to be posted for the employees about Marco’s passing away, and that they would have a meeting about it the following afternoon.  After completing that, John went up to his room.  Anne was sitting in the nursery feeding Marco.  Bryan was holding Angela who was sleeping in his arms.  John walked in, kissed Anne and took Angela in his arms.  He hugged Bryan and helped him get back to bed. 
He sat by Bryan’s bed and talked to him about Marco and death.  This was the first time Bryan had actually seen anyone who was dead.   His father and siblings had been buried while he was in the hospital after the accident.  Although he was physically stronger when his mother died, the court and the social workers felt he should not be taken to the funeral.  This death had brought all the questions and uncertainties back.  John thought he might have a lot of questions to ask about death and dying.  John wanted  to help him understand what he was feeling and why he was so affected by Marco’s death.
“Bryan, I know you liked Marco, but I also know you didn‘t have a chance to really mourn the death of your father, brother, and sister because you were so badly injured.  You didn’t have the chance to see them and say goodbye to them. Then your mother died and again, you weren’t allowed to go and say goodbye to her either.  I think that’s why you are feeling so confused and upset now.  I went through the same thing when most of my family died in the car crash.  It wasn’t until my first police partner was killed that I really experienced death of someone I loved and cared about.  I didn’t know how to handle it.  I tried to be brave and keep it all locked inside.  I don’t want you holding in all the pain.  It’s all right for a man or boy to cry.  It is all right to feel anger and fear.  If you start feeling bad, please come to me and we will get through it together.  That’s one of our favorite expressions.  Don’t feel sad or upset all alone.  We will need to help your mom, but we still need to take care of our own feelings.  Does any of this make sense to you?” John asked.
“I never got to see any of them.  They just disappeared.  I didn’t know where they went or what happened to them.  Sometimes I dreamed that they would come back someday, that they were just away and would come home.  I knew the word ‘death’, but I didn’t know what it looked like, and I never thought about the body and what happened to it.  Marco looked like he was sleeping in a way, but in another way, he looked like a statue.  He was there, but he wasn’t really there anymore.  Was it like that for my family?” Bryan asked.
“Yes, in a way, that’s what death looks like.  The body remains, but the spark that makes a person a person isn’t there anymore.  It’s that spark, that spirit part, that leaves and goes to be with God.  The body is like a snail shell.  When the living part dies, just the outer shell remains. It is of no use anymore.  It looks almost the same, but it is hollow and useless.  That’s why they took Marco’s body away.  He doesn’t need it any longer.  Tomorrow Luigi and I will go and make arrangements for it to be buried.  That’s what happens next.  Then we will have a service called a funeral.  That’s when family and friends come to honor and remember the one who died.  It is for the living, the survivors, not the dead.  We will always miss the people we loved, but they have already gone to heaven,” John explained.  
“I didn’t even think about my family and what happened to them after they died.  I knew they went to heaven to be with God, but now I wonder what happened to their bodies?” he said.
“Later on, if you want, we can find where they are buried.  Some people like to go the grave and bring flowers, or just to spend time there thinking about them.  Do you have any questions?  Do you think you can get to sleep and get some rest?” John asked.
Bryan hugged John.  “Thanks for explaining it to me.  Is it all right to cry for them and remember them?” Bryan asked.
“Of course, they are your family.  It is normal to  cry, to be sad, and miss them.  We are your parents now, but we can never take their place.  They will always be your family.  Just talk to us if you start feeling bad or have any questions.  We love you and are happy you are with us,” John said hugging him again.
When he walked back into the nursery, Anne had already put the babies to bed.  He put his arm around her and walked back to their bedroom.  He kissed her gently and helped her into bed.  He pulled off his clothes and slid in beside her.  He pulled her into his arms and snuggled close to her.  He kissed her and comforted her and held her as she slept.  When the babies started crying, he brought them in to her bed.  He rocked one while Anne nursed the other.  He watched her while she nursed Angela and Marco.  “You’ve never looked more beautiful to me than you do right now.  I love you so much, Anne.  How are you holding up?” he asked.
“I’m filled with mixed feelings.  I’m sad because I miss Marco, but I am so happy that he is in Heaven with God and his family.  He’s not in pain anymore, and he is seeing Sophia and Angela.  I am tired from the stress of giving birth and taking care of the babies,, but I am so content being here with you and Bryan and the babies.  As long as you are here with me, I will be all right.  You are my dearest friend, my husband, and the person I can lean on.  I thank God for you and for the children.  I don’t know where we will go from here, but as long as you are by my side, I can survive anything.  Thanks for loving me and taking care of me.  I love you and I have missed being in your arms,” Anne said. 
“I’m not going anywhere.  I will be by your side and will always love you,” John whispered tenderly.
In the morning, Anne woke early and reached over and touched John and kissed him awake.  He felt her hand moving down his body.  At her kiss and her gentle touch, he turned and pulled her against his body.  “Anne, I love you and I want you.  Is it all right for me to make love to you?” he asked.
“I want you, too.  Just be gentle and we’ll get through it together,” she giggled.
John gently kissed her.  She pressed closer to him.  With incredible tender gentleness, he made love to her. 
 Anne kissed him and snuggled close to him, and said, "I’ve missed feeling you make love to me.  Now hold me close and let’s try to get a little more sleep before the babies wake up.”  John held her in his arms and  thanked God for all his blessings.
After the morning feeding, Anne and John dressed and ordered breakfast.  John called the mortuary and made an appointment to go down and make arrangements.  When Bryan woke up and got dressed, he joined them for breakfast.  By the time they were finished eating, Luigi and Lori knocked at the door.  They came in and shared some coffee and toast.
John told Luigi that he had taken care of calling about Marco’s body.  He said, “We have an appointment with the mortuary at 11:30 am.  I have the copy of Marco’s requests for his funeral, if you want to look through it.  He was always a planner, so we should be able to take  care of it the way he wanted it.  Anne, did you want to go with us or do you want to stay here with the babies?”
“I know you can handle it, especially with all the plans he left.  I’ll go if you want me to.  Either way will be fine with me,” she said.
“Bryan, do you want to go with Luigi and me ?” John asked.
Anne looked surprised at his question.  “Do you think he should go?” she asked.
“We had a long talk last night about death and funerals.  He never got to see or know what happened to his family.  I thought he might want to be included to see what had happened before.  Bryan, what do you think?” he asked again.
“I think I would like to go with you, unless Mom wants me to stay here and help with the twins,” he answered.
“Bryan, Lori can stay and help with the twins.  If you want to go, that’s fine with me.  Just stay with John.  If you get tired or change your mind, John can call and we can come and bring you home,” Anne said.
Luigi, Bryan, and John left about 11 am to go to the mortuary. John held Bryan’s hand as they walked into the building.  Bryan watched and listened to everything.  He walked in and looked at the different coffins.  John asked him which one he thought would be the best one for Marco.  Bryan looked at each one, and then pointed to the one he liked.  John smiled and said, “That’s a good choice.  That is the same one Marco said he wanted,” John answered.  They wrote out a short announcement for the newspapers and for the funeral program.
When they came back from the mortuary, John went to Marco’s office and called Marco’s attorney, David Jackson; and his accountant Tom Davis.  Finally he called his boss, Bob Watson.  He explained that Marco had passed away and that he and his family would be coming to LA after the funeral on Thursday.
Later in the afternoon, he called the resort’s employees to come to the lounge for a meeting.  He explained that Marco had been sick for a long time with cancer.  “Marco, Mr. M, as most of you called him, knew he was dying.  He left instructions for keeping the resort open.  All of you are guaranteed a job here, if you want to stay.  Anne and I will be going to Los Angeles after the funeral to take care of business down there.  I know that Marco loved each one of you and thought of you as his friends and family.  He was a very special man, and I know we will all miss him.  His attorney, David Jackson, said he left a will and, after it has been filed, a reading will be scheduled.  Until then, the resort will continue to run just as it did when he was alive.  Luigi and Lori will be left in charge of running the resort until we learn what is in his will.  Marco’s funeral will be on Thursday at 11 am at Layton’s Mortuary in town.  Anyone who wants to attend will be given time off.  If most of you want to go, we will close the resort for the afternoon.  Marco asked that, in place of flowers, we make donations to the Cancer Society in his name.  Most of you have known Marco much longer than Anne or me.  We loved him, too, and will miss him.  He was in a lot of pain the last few weeks, but he didn’t want people to know.  He is no longer in pain, and we are grateful for that.  Let’s try to remember all the good things that he has done for each of us.  If we can help you in any way, please call or come by Marco’s office.  Thank you for all that you do and all you have have done to make this resort that he loved so much so successful,” John announced.
After the employees left, Luigi, Lori, Anne, and John went up to Marco’s office. “Luigi, I know you will do a great job taking care of the Resort, especially with Lori’s capable help.  There are several things I need to take care of in Los Angeles.  Marco was aware of that.  He suggested you and Lori should be left in charge.  Each of you has different skills and knowledge.  I will leave my phone number and will help you all I can from there.  If you have questions or problems, or need  anything, call me.  If necessary, I will come back up, but I am sure you can handle it very well.  Marco always talked very highly of you, Luigi, both as a good, loyal friend but also as someone he totally trusted.  Lori, you were very special to him, too.  When he needed something done, you and Luigi were the ones he called on to get the jobs done correctly.  He loved and trusted you.”
Anne said, “It is going to be very sad for us to leave here.  It has been a wonderful place for us to live and work.  We love you both, and I am really going to miss you.  Maybe, in the future, we can come back here, and visit with you again. “
Lori held Luigi’s hand.  She began crying.  He put his arm around her, and she put her arms around him.  John showed him a list of things that needed to be done daily and weekly.  Most of the employees had been working at the resort for several years, so day to day operations should be easy to maintain.  Over the next few days, John and Luigi worked closely together.  By the time of the funeral, Luigi had taken over the day to day duties and was set to manage the resort.  
Most of the employees asked for time off to attend Marco’s funeral.  For the first time in the history of the resort, it was closed all afternoon.  Besides employees, the church where the funeral was being held was filled with people.  Many of the people attending arrived in limousines.  When John looked at the Guest Book, he noted many of the names were of people that Marco had named in his work with John.  John smiled at the irony of their attending the funeral of the man who sold them out to the authorities.  Of course, none of them knew about it, since the records had not yet been turned over to the police.  John tried to stay in the background and let Luigi take over the leadership role.  The pastor gave a brief message about Marco’s life.  He told that Marco had accepted Christ the week before he died.  He mentioned that he had outlived his wife Sophia and young daughter.  Luigi spoke about Marco’s early years and about their lifelong friendship.  No one spoke about his business dealings, but several people told of his kindness and generosity to them during his lifetime.  Anne, John, Bryan, and the twins sat in the cry room section out of sight of the audience.  Lori and Luigi sat in the ‘family’ section along with some of his closest, longtime workers.
Anne held John’s hand while he kept his arm around Bryan’s shoulder.  Bryan listened to the things everyone said.  He didn’t actually cry, but he leaned against John and put his head on his shoulder. John hugged him closer.  Two ladies who worked in the boutique were there, if needed, to help with the twins, but the babies slept during the funeral ceremony.  They woke up during the ride to the cemetery.  Anne quickly fed them and burped them.  She carried Marco while John held Angela.  Bryan carried the diaper bag and walked between them.  The graveside service was short.  Most of the people who attended the service, did not go to the cemetery.  When it was over, John and Anne stayed after the others had gone.  John explained to Bryan that the coffin with the body would be placed in the grave and was going to be covered with dirt.  He reminded Bryan that this is only the resting place of Marco’s physical shell, but Marco is already in Heaven.  Bryan looked around and saw all the grave markers.
John asked if he had any questions, but Bryan said, “No, I think I understand now.  Thanks for explaining it to me.  Now I know what happened to the rest of my family.  Maybe someday we can find where their bodies are and visit them.”
“When we go back to Los Angeles, we’ll locate where they are buried.  It should be a matter of public record,” John said.
“Don’t worry about it.  There isn’t any  rush.  I realize now they aren’t really there, but I would like to know where their bodies are resting.  I’m glad they aren’t really in the grave.  It looks so cold and lonely.  Thanks for helping me know they really are all right,” Bryan said.
John was anxious to get Anne, Bryan, and the twins away from the resort. The day after the funeral, he loaded all their belonging into their two cars.  Because of the babies’ arrival and Bryan’s coming to live with them, there was a lot more to remove than they had originally brought to the resort.  He hired a small moving van to take the bulk of their belongings down to his storage locker in Los Angeles.  They loaded up the twins and Bryan into their cars and prepared to leave.
Anne hugged Lori and said, “I can’t thank you enough for all your help at my wedding, after the babies were born, and while Marco was dying.  You have been a wonderful friend, and I am going to miss you so much.  I hope you and Luigi continue to fall in love.  You are so good for each other.  I know Marco was hoping you two would get together.  He was happy to see you two spending time together.  He really loved both of you, and so do I.  Good luck in the future.  I hope we see each other again.”
John and Luigi shook hands.  John said, “Call me if I can help you with anything.  No matter what you may hear in the future, I really care about you and the resort. Marco became very dear to me and to Anne.  I hope all goes well with you and that you and Lori find the same happiness that I have found with Anne.  Lori is a sweet, loving woman.  Don’t let her get away!”
“I am realizing how precious Lori is to me every day.  I am tired of being alone, and she is such a wonderful friend.  I hope you are right.  I love her, but I’m not sure if she would love an old guy like me,” Luigi admitted sheepishly.
Just before Anne pulled away, she said, “Many of the happiest times in my life were spent here at the resort with you and Marco.  It is sad to leave here, but I will always have such precious memories.  Marco was like a father to me, and I am going to miss him terribly.  I am so thankful I have John and the children.  I love them all, and I’ll try to be the best wife and mother I can be.”
Lori and Luigi stood side by side waving at them as they left.   He put his arms around her and hugged her close.  Together the walked back into the resort.
As Anne drove away from the resort, she turned and took a final look back and sighed.  Ahead of her, John was waiting at the signal ready to turn onto Highway 101 to begin the long ride back to Los Angeles.  He glanced in the rearview mirror and noticed Anne turn and look back.  When she faced forward, their eyes met in the mirror.  John waved and smiled at her.  When the light changed to green, they turned and headed south.  John was driving his car with Bryan seated beside him.  Anne followed in her car with the twins securely fastened in their carriers in the back seat.  The drive to Los Angeles was long, but uneventful.  Using their cell phones, Anne called when the twins were crying so they could stop and take care of them.  The sound  and motion of the car seemed to lull the twins, and sometimes Bryan fell asleep, too.
At one of the stops, they bought sandwiches and drinks and drove down to Pismo Beach.  They sat on the sand and ate.  John and Bryan took off their shoes and waded into the water. Anne sat and fed the babies and enjoyed the cool ocean breeze and sunshine.  She thought back to the time she had been at the beach with Marco.  She smiled at the happy memory of their day touring the area around the resort. 
After eating and playing in the water, They brushed the sand off their shoes and clothes, loaded the twins into the cars and resumed the trip back to John’s apartment.
Their furniture and the bulk of their belongings had been sent directly to their storage unit.  It was late evening when they arrived at John’s apartment.  They carried in the things they might need for the night.  Seeing the size of the apartment and all the gear they needed for the twins and Bryan, John and Anne realized they would need to find a larger place very soon.  They fixed a bed for Bryan on the sofa in the living room.  They squeezed two small portable baby beds into the bedroom.  Bryan took a shower and got ready for bed.  Anne laid out clothes and diapers for the twins on the dresser.  Anne quickly showered and got ready for bed.  John went out and bought milk, cereal, bread, eggs, and a few other foods to tide them over.
While John was gone, Bryan helped Anne get the twins ready for bed.  Anne fed Marco and then handed him off the Bryan.  Bryan changed his diaper and put his sleeper on.  Anne fed Angela and then took her in to change her diaper and get her cleaned up for bed.  Afterwards, she went out into the living room.  She had Bryan climb into his makeshift bed.  She hugged him and asked how he was feeling.  
“We’ll be looking for a bigger place.  Right now we’ll pretend we are camping out.  It will be an adventure for all of us.  I don’t know how I would have managed without your help.   I didn’t mean for you to have to take over so much care of the twins.  If it gets to be too much for you, please tell me.  I love you and want you to be happy here with us.  You are here to be my son, not to be an unpaid, overworked babysitter.  Are you feeling OK now?” Anne asked.
“I like helping you with the babies.  It makes me feel like I am a real part of the family.  I didn’t think I’d ever feel like I had a family after mom and my family died.  Now I am part of this family.  I really love you and John and the twins.  When your dad died, did you have a funeral for him?  What was it like?” he asked.
“It was like Marco’s but much smaller.  It was held in our old church, but only a few people were there.  He had been a loner so much after my mother died.  Most of the people were members of the church we attended, but there were a few old friends, too.  Just like Marco, he was a Christian, so it was a time to celebrate his life, not hopelessly mourn his death.  He is buried in a cemetery in Monrovia beside my mother.  Did going to the funeral help you understand your family’s death any better?”
“Yes, their death has always seemed like a dream to me in a way.  I knew it was real, but I guess it didn’t really make sense to me before.  I really miss them sometimes, but I’m happy here with you,” Bryan said quietly.
“Well, Bryan, I’m really happy you are here with us, too.  I love you.  Do you think you can get to sleep here when John comes back, and we settle down for the night?” she asked.
“If you can sleep in a hospital ward, you can probably sleep anywhere.  It was noisy there at night.  I think camping out here will be much easier, even if the twins cry during the night,” Bryan answered.  He lay down and gradually drifted off to sleep.
When John walked in, Anne motioned for him to be quiet. He walked over and looked at Bryan sleeping on the sofa.  They quickly and quietly put the groceries away and headed into their bedroom.  It was late when they climbed into bed.  The driving had tired both of them.  They snuggled together and fell asleep. About 3 am, the twins woke for their feeding.  Together, they fed and cared for the babies.  When the alarm went off a few hours later, John got up, showered, and dressed for work.
“I hate to leave you here alone today, but I want to get things turned in.  I  feel nervous with all those things locked in my car.  I’ll try to come home early, but I may be gone all day.  Will you be all right here alone?” he asked.
“What do you mean alone!  I’ll be fine!  Remember, I’m not alone.  I have Bryan and the twins to take care of.  I’ll really miss you, but we will be fine.  Good luck at work.  I know this investigation has been hard on you.  I love you for all you did to take care of me and for your kindness to Marco.  I hate thinking about the future and what will come out of this investigation, but I am proud of you for all you did.  No matter what, always remember, we love you,” Anne said giving him a hug and kiss. After John left, Anne went back to sleep until the babies woke again.
 John drove to work, arriving before most of the others.  He parked his car in the back of the station and began carrying in the storage boxes filled with the evidence he had collected from Marco.  He opened and began laying them out on the table in the conference room.  He had made  lists of all the items and documents he had ready to turn in.  He checked them off and arranged them in order.  All in all, he had brought more than 200 documents, 5 video recordings of Marco’s testimony, 58 photographs, a folder full of personal letters,  ten cassette tape recordings, and a box full of receipts, as well as Marco’s original ledgers and bookkeeping records.
He sat down in the conference room and looked at the piles of data he had received from Marco.  He shook his head when he saw it laid out on the conference table.  It was an incredible accumulation of information.  He knew this was much more than anyone had dreamed of getting.  It would take a long time for it to be worked up into case files and for decisions to be made as to who would be indicted and tried and on what charges.  Because of that, John realized it would be a period of weeks before the information would be officially released.  He had some time to get Anne and his family into a safer location.  He didn’t want anything bad to happen to them, but he knew many people would be furious when they learned what had been leaked.  The idea of revenge against him was very likely.  If they could kill him, they had a better chance of being acquitted.  John sat there trying to decide the best way he could protect them all.
About 8 am, Joe walked in and saw him sitting at the table.  They shook hands.  “I’m glad to see you back here.  I was getting worried about you, especially after Marco’s death.  When did you get in town?  Where are you staying?” Joe asked.
“Right now, we are crammed into my old apartment, but we need to find a bigger place for me and my family of five,” John stated.
“Five?  I thought you were having twins.  How did you end up with five?” Joe asked.
“There are five of us.  Anne and me and our three kids.  That makes five.  Anne and I adopted a boy who had lost his entire family in a terrible auto accident.  Anne was his nurse and she worked with him at the children’s hospital.  He and I became good friends while he was there.  After his last relative died, we decided to try to adopt him.  He was placed with us when he was released from the hospital.  If all goes well, he will be placed permanently.  He is a wonderful boy, and we both love him.  Of course, we have the twins, Marco and Angela.  They are beautiful, like their mother.  It is really hectic taking care of twins, but I wouldn’t change anything, except an unbelievable amount of diapers each day,” he said with a laugh.  “My apartment is fine for two, but it is way too small for five,” John added.
Within a few minutes, the rest of the department workers wandered into the conference room.  Their mouths dropped open when they saw the stacks of papers and other things on the table.  When Bob Watson, the department head walked in, he looked at John and said, “My Lord, is all this from your investigation with Marco?  I can’t believe he gave you all this information.  No wonder you kept asking for more time!  How did you convince him to give you all of this?” he asked.
“To be truthful, I didn’t convince him.  I think Joe told you what happened the first night we went to speak to him.  We weren’t having any success with him.  After Anne basically saved his life that night, he put me off about my working with him.  Later, again because of Anne, he called me.  When I reported for my meeting with him, he basically told me I wasn’t mob material.  Then he busted me.  He told me he knew I was an undercover cop.  He said if I had been caught a few months earlier, he would have had me killed, but he had changed his mind because of my friendship with Anne.  Marco had been diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer just before he met Anne, and had been told he only had a few months to live.  He said he wanted to try to atone for the bad things he had done.  He suggested that I work with him.  He said he would tell me all about his activities and would also give evidence against the others in the state.  He ended up telling not only about his California activities and contacts, but other people he had worked with in many other locations.  He and Anne had become very close friends.  Because she reminded him of his daughter who had been killed years ago, he completely changed his life around.  He planned and paid for my wedding to Anne, and  then we moved into his resort.  He appointed me his assistant and his partner.  He was kind and generous and kept his promise.  During the time we lived there with him, Anne and I both came to love him.  He was very good to us and to the people who worked for him.  He didn’t whitewash his involvement.  He spoke candidly about his part in many criminal activities.  While we were there, his health gradually declined.  We were happy that he lived long enough to see and hold our twins and meet our adopted son.  He died last week and was buried on Thursday.  I will confess I postponed bringing the evidence down until he died.  I didn’t want to see this pitiful old man arrested and die in jail.  He was in a lot of pain, and Anne nursed him tenderly.  We were both at his side when he died.  No one who reads the testimony he gave me  would ever understand what kind of man he was when he died.  I wouldn’t have believed it if I had not seen it myself,” John explained.
“That’s an amazing story, John.  Where should we start?  It is such a huge collection of information,” Bob asked.
John answered, “I tried to get enough information on each person he mentioned so they could all be convicted.  I made careful notes of everything he showed me.  I brought in original documents, copies of computer files, videotapes of Marco explaining how he knew information and documents to support all he told me.  I tried to organize it into logical sections.  First, generally look through each pile.  It should make sense to you.  If it doesn’t, I can probably point you to other information that would help.”
“This is amazing.  With all this we should be able to put a huge dent in the criminal organizations in this state and others.  With your leadership, we can develop more undercover plans.  This could turn out to be the beginning of many more operations.  Well done, John,” Bob praised him.
“Wait a minute, Bob.  I told you several months ago that this was my last undercover assignment.  I told you that once I turned in this evidence that , I wanted an immediate transfer to another department to work.  I am never going to help or do any more undercover work.  You agreed to my terms, and we shook hands on it.  Either I am given an immediate transfer, or I will quit.  I hated doing this, especially after I got to know Marco and Anne.  My only priority now is to find a safe place where  my family can hide out until this blows over.  I’m not going to win any popularity contests with what I’ve done.  Many very evil, vengeful mob bosses and powerful people are going to be very angry when this comes out.  Protecting my wife and kids is my sole priority now.  I will answer your questions by phone, although it should be very clear when you read my notes and look at the documents, but I will not come to work in this building again,” John growled.
“We need you to stick around and help with this case,” Bob Watson argued.
“That wasn’t part of our deal.  I delivered what I said I would give you.  Now, I want out of this operation.  If you won’t honor your word, then I’m out of here.  This turned out to be a very hard, painful assignment for me, and I won’t do it anymore,” John announced.  He took off his badge, tossed it on the table, and walked out.
Chapter 12
When John got home a little after lunchtime, he hugged Anne and said, “Well, it is over.  I hope you won’t be angry, but I quit my job.  Bob went back on his promise to get me out of this department.  He wanted me to keep working on this and even develop other undercover plans.  They wanted me to keep working on it forever!  I turned in my badge and walked out.  I didn’t want to be involved in it any longer.  I don‘t know what I’ll do in the future.  I do have some money saved up. We’ll get along OK.  I know ‘we will get through this together,’ but we may have to move to a distant location and start over,” John said.
Anne kissed him and said, “I’ll go anywhere with you, John.  I’m glad you quit.  I don’t think you ever really wanted to do undercover work.  You are too honest to have to live a lie.  I can always go back to work as a nurse.  We will be fine.  I don’t know how long we can live on love alone, but I’ll love living my life with you, no matter where we are or what happens,” Anne assured him.
“We need to find a bigger place to live.  We may have to be very careful and stay out of sight.  The people Marco squealed on may be out to get us once the information is released. That’s another reason to move,” John warned.  “Be careful about giving out information about us to anyone.  Because of the vast amount of information, it will take weeks before the indictments are filed and arrests are made.  Before that time, we need to find a safe place to live.  I don’t want to take any chances with our safety.  I love you, Anne,” he said pulling her into his arms and kissing her.
That evening, after the kids were asleep, they looked over their finances.  They figured they had enough money to put down a deposit on another place to live.  The next day, they began looking through the classified ads for places to rent where they could hide out.  They decided they had enough money to live comfortably for about four months.  After that, one of them would have to go back to work.  They cut back on their expenses wherever possible.  Even though it was crowded in the apartment, they spent the time together playing games and talking.  As time went on, taking care of the twins seemed to become a little easier when they began sleeping longer during the night.  It was a quiet time of loving and bonding together as a family.  They decided to stay at the little apartment for as long as possible. 
John still answered questions about the files by telephone, but he refused to go back into the office building to work.  Anne supported his decision and encouraged him to do whatever he thought was best.  One day he went out grocery shopping.  When he walked into the living room, he heard Anne talking to someone in the bedroom.  “You need to remember Marco loved us.  You’ll hear bad things about him, and much of it is true, but that was Marco before we knew him.  By the time you were born, he had changed completely.  He loved you ,Marco and Angela, and you, too, Bryan.  He fought the cancer so hard so he could stay alive just so he could see you and hold you.  He held you both, and that made him so happy.  He was so kind to me.  He paid for my wedding when I married your dad.  He was considerate and loving to me, and he would have been as kind and loving with you.  He did many bad things before we met, but he changed and he loved all of us.  Bryan, do you remember  how you two worked on puzzles together?  He told me that you were a very wonderful boy and that he loved you.  You were so helpful and kind to him when he was sick.  I was so proud of the way you helped take care of him.  I miss him.  He was a good friend to me, and I know he will always live in my memories.  You have your daddy’s strength and goodness in you.  I know you will all do great things in your life.  We love all three of you,” she explained.
John walked in quietly, bent down and kissed her.  “I know you miss Marco; so do I.  I am so happy. I have three wonderful children and the most beautiful and kindest wife in the world.  Thanks for making my life perfect,” John said.
John picked up Marco and gently kissed him.  He walked over and hugged Bryan and kissed his forehead.  He put Marco in his bed and lifted Angela up, smiled at her, and kissed her gently before putting her back in her bed.
Bryan went into the living room and climbed into his sofa bed.  John went out and sat with him talking quietly until he was ready to sleep.  He covered him with a blanket and walked into his bedroom. Anne walked over quietly and put her arms around John. Slowly she kissed him deeply, and he responded with an embrace and a kiss that said how much he loved and wanted her.
“I’ve been thinking about you all day. I’ve missed you making love to me.  Please, let’s go to bed while the children are sleeping,” Anne urged.  John felt his desire rising like a sleeping giant coming awake.  He lifted Anne into his arms and carried her to their bed.  They quickly undressed and climbed into bed.  They came together with a breathless passion.  Lying together they kissed and cuddled happily.
The next day, they began looking at the surrounding towns.  Neither of them had begun looking for a job, and they knew their money wouldn’t last much longer.  The District Attorney’s office was still looking over the mass of documents and evidence.  No actions had been taken yet.  About three weeks after Marco’s death, the telephone rang.  When Anne picked up the phone, she heard Luigi’s voice on the line.
“Hello, Anne. This is Luigi.  I hate bothering you, but I got a phone call from David Jackson, Mr. M’s attorney.  He wants you, John, Lori and me to come to his office in Hollywood for the reading of Mr. M’s will.  He’d like to meet with us this Thursday at 2 pm.  I said we could be there if you can make it on Thursday. If not, he will set it for another time,” Luigi explained.
“I’m sure we can be there, but I’ll check with John when he comes in.  Just tell me where to go and we’ll be there.  If there is a problem, I’ll call you tomorrow.  How are you doing?” she asked.
“So far, so good.  Things seem to be going well here at the resort.  We miss you and the kids.  Lori has been a tremendous help.  She is a wonderful person.  I don’t know how I could get along without her help,” Luigi said .
“I’m happy to hear you say that.  I know she thinks the world of you.  I hope you two will fall in love.  I am so happy being married to John.  I want everyone to find that kind of joy and peace.  I love Lori and miss her a lot.  Tell her I said hello,” Anne added.
When Anne told John that Luigi had called about a meeting with Bob Jackson, Marco’s lawyer, he was a little suspicious.  He called the attorney’s office about the date and time.  The attorney’s secretary confirmed the information.  He said he and Anne would be there on Thursday.  He called Luigi and confirmed that the meeting was set for Thursday.
Anne, John, Bryan, and the babies arrived at Bob Watson’s office a few minutes early.  When they entered the conference room, Luigi and Lori were already seated there.  Lori rushed over and hugged Anne.  Luigi shook hands with John and Bryan.  He gave Anne a timid hug. Anne hugged him back and kissed his cheek.  Anne noticed that Lori and Luigi were sitting side by side holding hands.  She smiled at Lori.
A few minutes later, Bob Watson, Marco’s attorney, walked in followed by Tom Davis, Marco’s accountant.  Mr. Watson shook hands with each of the adults.  He introduced Mr. Davis to each of them.  
“As you may already know, I’ve been Marco’s attorney for more than 20 years. He was my good friend as well as my client.  I am sad because he has passed away, but I am also happy that he is no longer in pain.  In the last year of his life, despite the pain, he was happier than in all the other years combined.  He told me a lot about you, his Sweet Angel.  He changed in so many ways during his last year, because of your good influence and your love.  He loved you like his daughter.  About three months ago, he called Mr. Davis and me to meet him at the resort.  Because he knew he was dying of cancer, he asked us to make changes in his Will and in his business holdings.  That is why you have been called here today to listen to the reading of his Last Will and Testament and review his financial statements.  Let me begin by reading the special provisions to you.”
He turned to Luigi, and read, “First, Luigi, he wanted me to read this note to you.  ‘Dear Luigi, you have been my oldest and dearest friend.  We go back to the old neighborhood in Chicago.  You knew me during the years of my marriage.  You stayed with me and helped me through the death of Sophia and Angela.  You’ve been loyal, honest, and faithful all these years.  I have given Mr. Jackson an envelope for you.  It cannot begin to repay the years of service and friendship.  There is a private letter inside for you.  Please read it and do what I suggest.  I have tried to protect you, but I don’t think it is enough.  I don’t want any harm to come to you.  It is time to get out and start life again.  Thanks to you, my dearest friend,” Mr. Watson read.  He handed a large manila envelope to Luigi.  Luigi opened it and pulled out the letter.  He read it slowly.  His face went pale and he glanced nervously over at John, and then he looked back at the letter.  He sat quietly, then handed it to Lori.  She held his hand as she read the letter.  She blushed and sat silently holding Luigi’s hand. They opened the larger envelope inside and gasped with surprise at its contents.
Mr. Watson turned to Anne and John. “The rest of the provisions are addressed to the five of you.  He read, “My dearest Sweet Angel, since the night I first met you and you saved my life, I have become a new person.  I love you, Anne, just as I loved my sweet daughter Angela.  It felt like my heart opened up, and I could feel love again.  I am ashamed of most of the things I have done in my adult life.  The thing I value the most is the time I have come to know and love you, John, your beautiful babies Marco and Angela, and Bryan, your wonderful new son.  You mean more to me than I can express in words.  I have asked Mr. Davis, my accountant, and Mr. Jackson, my attorney, to liquidate as much of my property as they can, and to transfer all moneys, stocks, bonds, personal property, and real estate holdings to you, and to set up trust funds in the amount of $250,000 dollars each for Bryan, Marco Williamson, and Angela Sophia Williamson with Anne and John Williamson as joint trustees.  I, being of sound mind, leave you all my earthly possessions with the exception of a few small bequests to my faithful employees which are outlined in the body of the will. Thank you for all the love and joy you gave me and for your loving help and service while I was sick and dying.  I love you Anne and pray you and John, Bryan, Marco, and Angela will have lives filled with love, joy, health, and peace.  As you told me (and what Bryan so clearly explained to me), I will not say goodbye.  I’ll just say ‘I’ll see you later.’  My Sophia, my Angela, and I will be waiting for you.  I love you, my Sweet Angel.  Love, Marco.”
Anne listened in shock when Mr. Jackson read the letter to her.  John held her close while she cried.  “I didn’t expect this.  I don’t want this or deserve this.  I loved him like a father and a friend, and a confidante.  I’m overwhelmed by it all,” Anne cried.
The lawyer then read a list of provisions to his faithful employees.  Lori was shocked to hear Marco had left her a $250,000 dollar bequest.  He named a few other employees and amounts.  He said that each other employee should get a one-time special bequest of five thousand dollars per year of service completed.  He also left several donations to charities he supported.
After the Will had been read and signed by the witnesses, Mr. Davis, Marco’s accountant, said he wanted to talk privately with Anne and John.  Before Lori and Luigi left, Anne hugged them.  Anne said, “I know how much you both loved him.  I’d give all of this money back if he could be well and here with us.  I loved him so much.”
Luigi hugged her, “I know you did, Anne.  I saw how you treated him.  You made him so happy.  I am shocked to learn that John is a policeman and that he told John all about his business dealings.  I never expected that from him, but it makes sense in a way.  A few months ago, he told me I should think about leaving the country, and he gave me a bundle of money to start me out.  I said I wanted to stay with him, but he told me to hang on to the money, in case I changed my mind.  He also told me to stop being stupid and to marry Lori and take her with me.  He knew I cared about her and loved her.  He’s right, I have been stupid!  Lori, will you marry me and go away to live with me?  I love you and your daughter.  How would you like to live in (he leaned over and whispered in her ear)?”
Lori’s eyes grew big.  She blushed and said happily, “Yes, Luigi.  You know I love you. Yes, I’ll marry you. I’ll go anywhere with you!”  Luigi hugged her and kissed her happily.
After Luigi and Lori left, Mr. Davis, Marco’s accountant, sat down with Anne and John to present a review of the extent of their bequest.  Many of his real estate holdings had already been sold, except for The Resort, a large apartment complex in San Francisco, a few commercial properties in Florida, Texas, Illinois, and New York.  He had also cashed out most of his stocks and bonds. although nothing had been done with his personal property yet.  The accountant presented them with a listing of his holdings.  He reported, “The current cash holdings, not including, the trust funds and other listed bequests, is a little more than 75 million dollars.  The unsold property value is appraised at about 107 million dollars.  I would recommend investing the majority of the cash in secure investment programs.  The next step would be deciding which of the remaining properties you want to keep and which ones to sell or lease out.  I will give you a complete report and my private phone number so you can call me when you are ready to discuss it further.”
John, Anne, Bryan, and the twins left Mr. Jackson’s office with copies of all the papers they had signed and the first accounting of the assets they now owned.  They drove back to John’s small apartment without speaking about the meeting.  They stopped and bought some groceries and pizza.  They were stunned by what the lawyer and accountant had told them.  When they got home, they ate dinner, played with the kids, and settled them down for the night.  After that, they sat at the dining room table and reviewed the papers they had been given.
“I guess I don’t have to frantically look for a new job.  I can’t believe this, Anne.  I knew he was wealthy, but I had no idea he was that rich,” John said.
Anne said quietly, “I don’t feel right having all this money, especially knowing how much of it was obtained.  I didn’t want Marco’s money.  I didn’t even want to accept my car.  I kept trying to stop him from buying things for me.  You know about finances and money more than me.  What are we going to do?” 
“I understand what you mean, Anne.  Most of this was probably earned on drugs, prostitution, and gambling.  Let’s not do anything hasty.  Marco trusted you and me to make good decisions.  Maybe we can use a lot of it to help others and turn the ‘bad’ money into good things.  I really think that would please Marco,” John said quietly.
“I’m glad you feel the same as I do.  Maybe we can help worthwhile charities or start one of our own.  I had no idea he was worth that much either.  No wonder he said he had more money than he could spend.  I just thought he was exaggerating.  This is going to completely change our lives, and that scares me,” Anne said.
“Marco knew your heart was good.  I think he trusted you and me to do what we think is right.  Once people hear about this, and they will as soon as the will is recorded, since probate papers become part of the public record, we will not be able to hide.  I think we really need to hurry and find a place where we can blend in.  It needs to be a safe place for us and the kids.  The Resort is a possibility.  I think most of his employees would be loyal to us, but it is one of the first places people might look for us, too,” John said.  “I think we could change the resort into a place that caters to hard-working, honest people and make a profit, too.  I enjoyed running it when Marco was alive.  Someday we might want to go back there, but right now it is too closely connected to Marco.  It may not be the best choice of a place for us to hide right now.  There must be a place where we can get on with our lives without being hounded by the press or fear reprisals from the people he ratted on.  Let’s keep praying and think about other possibilities.” John suggested.
“For now, what about travelling around instead of settling in one place. I’d love to see more of this country we live in.  It would be good for Bryan to see new places.  We could get one of those motorhomes or even go camping.  If we keep moving, it might be a wonderful experience for all of us.  Let’s take some time and pray about it.  I’ll go anywhere you go.  I don’t want this money to affect our marriage or harm our kids.  All I care about is you and our children.”
“That might be the best idea.  Moving from place to place may keep us hidden better than finding one place to settle.  Let’s sleep on it and pray about it.  This morning we were worrying about looking for jobs.  Now our problem is too much money.  Either rich or poor, all I really want or need is you and your love. Let’s go to bed and get some rest before the babies wake up,” John suggested.
Over the next week, John and Anne used the internet to research camping and tourist areas and accumulate maps and information about weather and points of interest in the areas around the country’s  scenic attractions.  They discussed which ones might be most interesting for Bryan and would help keep him entertained and also help with his education.  Since he had been tutored while in the hospital, Anne checked with the court to make arrangements to home school him.  Besides being fun for him, it would also allow the family to travel freely as they sought to avoid newsmen out to get stories about them and their inheritance.  She went to the local school district and filled out the necessary papers and submitted them to the adoption agency and the court for their approval.  News had not leaked out yet about Marco’s will, and the state had not filed any cases from the information John had collected.
“Well,” Anne announced after dinner, “We finally got approval from the court, the adoption agency, and the local school superintendent’s office to home school Bryan.  I also got the books and materials I thought we might need to do the homeschooling while we travel.  Bryan, I hope we can keep you interested and have fun while we are on our trip.  When we finally settle down somewhere, we can discuss whether you’d like to go back to a ‘real’ school or continue being home schooled.  Does that sound OK to you?”
“I was tutored during the hospital stay.  I think I am pretty much up to where I should be for my age.  I think it might be fun to be home schooled.  Who will be my teacher?” Bryan asked.
“Well, both of us will help out.  I think your dad is better in math than I am, although I haven’t seen him doing math work.  I know he studied at lot of math for his business administration and finance classes.  Together, I think we can handle whatever comes up.  Just be patient with us.  We’ve never done this before either, but I know you are smart enough to learn whatever you are interested in.  My challenge will be to get you interested in everything,” Anne explained with a giggle.
Anne and John went to the attorney’s office to discuss what they needed to do to set up a charitable corporation so they could begin giving gifts to hospitals, charities, and other worthy causes.  They also made arrangements with the attorney and the accountant to have $300,000 cash set aside for them to use to purchase the motorhome and to cover any emergency expenses they might have during their time on the road.  They had one million dollars transferred to the charitable corporation which they called MSA Charitable Fund, Inc. in honor of Marco, Sophia, and Angela.
The twins were both healthy and were growing bigger each week.  They had settled into a feeding and sleeping routine.  With Bryan’s continued help with the twins, the family spent most of their time together.  John called his old job each day to see if there were any questions for him and to get information on the status of the cases. 
After much prayer and planning, they decided to look for a large Motorhome for their travelling.  Even though they had enough money to purchase a new Motorhome, they decided to get a gently used one to blend in better in public and private campgrounds.  They began looking in the newspapers and dealerships for a good, reliable Motorhome that would work for their family to travel in for a long period of time.  They decided they would stay in cabins, resorts, or hotels if they felt cramped or just wanted a change.
They purchased a supply of clothes for each of them for different temperature zones and activities.  They shopped in discount houses and tried to find clothes that would blend in with other people on vacations.  They did purchase a few electronic games, music players, DVD’s,  and other things to help Bryan enjoy the travel time.
On Wednesday morning, John called Joe at the District Attorney’s office.  “I’m just checking in to see if you needed me to explain anything about the files I brought in.  I am still very interested in seeing this case being successful in arresting and convicting as many criminals as possible.  I just don’t want to leave Anne and the kids alone.  We are going to take off on an extended vacation in the near future.  I’ll check in every day or two to see if I can help.  We hope to be out of here before the arrests are made and the case goes public.  I want to shield Anne from the scandal and publicity as much as I can.  Do you have any idea how soon the cases will be filed and the arrests will be made?”
Joe answered, “I can’t say exactly.  There was so much more data than we expected.  Every available person is working on the files.  They are checking on the data and analyzing the evidence to decide who and how many they can arrest and convict.  I’m guessing it will be at least two weeks before they get it all together.  I’m amazed at all Marco told you about his operation and his ties to others.  This is the biggest case I’ve ever heard about.  You did a great job of organizing and getting the records together and recording Marco’s testimony on video.  The department should pay you a bonus,” Joe added.
“I don’t want a bonus!  After getting to know Marco and all he did for Anne and me, I felt like a heel getting information from him.  He really changed and hated what he had done in his past.  He’s the one who encouraged me and led me to all of the others.  I knew his past was awful, but he ended his life as a good guy.  I know he really loved Anne, and he was so happy about the twins, Marco and Angela.  Hearing all the sordid details about Marco’s past is going to be very hard on Anne and Bryan; and it may hurt the twins when they get older. Anne understands he was involved in criminal activities in very general terms.  She doesn’t realize how terrible much of it was.  We never discussed any of the information he gave me when she was around.  He did not want her to be exposed to it.  He didn’t want her to be pulled in and forced to testify.  I don’t know if we can prevent that, but she can honestly say she never heard or discussed any of the material with Marco or me.”
“I hope she doesn’t get too upset or hurt by the cases.  I’ll do what I can to keep her out of things, but there’s no telling what the defense attorneys will do to get their clients off.  When are you planning on leaving and where are you going?” Joe asked.
“We’re getting things organized, and hope to leave within a week.  We want to get out before the cases are filed.  There are some other facts that will come out very soon that will cause a lot of publicity about us.  Hopefully the news reporters and paparazzi won’t be able to find us.  We aren’t sure where we are going, but we’ll try to stay out of sight.  I still worry that the mob bosses will be out to get revenge on me and my family.  I will keep in touch as much as I can after we leave.  I’ll either keep my old cell phone or get another one, but I will let you know how to get in touch with me.  I’m not going to tell you exactly where we are going, partly because I don’t know for sure how long we will stay in each location.  Besides, it will be easier for you if you can truthfully say, ‘I don’t know where they are.’  Thanks for keeping me updated on what’s going on,” John added.
Realizing the cases could be filed within two weeks, John and Anne, with the three kids in tow, searched the area for a used motorhome.  They located one being sold by a private individual that seemed like it would serve their purpose.  It was a 2007 Fleetwood motorhome with less than 12,000 miles on it.  The owner, Charles Ferguson, an older retired engineer, had all the service records and took time to show them the features.
“My wife and I really enjoyed travelling in this motorhome, but since she died, I just don’t feel like travelling alone.  I’m going to downsize and move closer to my children.  It’s hard doing things alone for me.  We were married 51 years, and all of them were happy years.  I’d like to see a young family like yours using it.  I wish we would have done it much sooner.” He explained.
Anne and John looked it over very carefully.  They asked a lot of questions since neither of them had ever owned a motorhome before.  It was 38 feet long and had good sleeping room for 6.  There was a full bathroom with a shower, sink, and toilet near the master bedroom.  There was a small half bath near the front where there were two large comfortable seats for the driver and passenger.  There was also a swiveling captain’s chair about 3 feet behind the passenger seat.  There was a 7 ft. couch on one side of the living area .that folded out to make a full size bed.  There also was love seat that made a pullout bed in the living room that would be great for Bryan.  Across from the couch and loveseat was the kitchen area complete with a 3 burner gas stove, an oven, a sink, a microwave, and a two door refrigerator with ice water through the door with a side freezer section.  There was a dining room table that pulled out in front of the couch.  There were three sliding pull out sections that expanded the living room area, the kitchen area, and the master bedroom.  Anne shook her head in amazement when she saw there were two TV sets, a DVD player, GPS system, and two cameras that monitored the back and side areas to check for traffic and side clearance.  There was even a crystal chandelier above the queen sized bed in the master bedroom.  There was ample space to put two small travelling baby beds for the twins.
John said, “This place is almost as big as my apartment and is much better organized.  They’ve found clever ways to combine uses in different areas.  It really looks well designed.  Even if we stopped and didn’t use the pull out slider section, it would be comfortable enough for all of us to sleep.”
“Look, I thought this was a closet, but behind the doors is a washer and dryer.  I’ve never lived anywhere with a washer and dryer.  I’ve always gone to a laundry room or a public Laundromat.  This is pure luxury!” she enthused.  “Well, Bryan, what do you think about this one?  Can you imagine us living in this for a few months as we travel around the United States?”
“Gee, Mom, this looks great to me!  I didn’t know they had vehicles like this.  I could sit in the swivel chair and work at the dining room table for my schoolwork, and I can see out the front and side windows at the scenery.  There’s even a place to plug in my game machine.  I think this is great,” he answered.
“John, what’s your vote?  You will probably be stuck doing most of the driving.  Have you tried driving it?  I remember you don’t need a special driver’s license for one this length.  I could spell you on some of the driving, I think, but the decision is really up to you.  With the generator to provide electricity if we stayed where there was no available power, we could camp almost anywhere.  It’s self-contained, and the price seems very reasonable compared to the others we’ve checked out,” Anne said.
The owner gave John the keys and rode along with the family as they took it out on the city streets and into the outlying area.  The motor seemed to have a lot of power and handled easier than John thought it would.  After they returned from their drive, John went over and talked quietly with Anne and Bryan.
“I’m guessing that you both would vote to buy this one, right?  Well, I agree.  I don’t think we can go wrong with this one either.  Let’s go talk money.  I’m hoping he will show me how to use a lot of these extra pieces of equipment.  If we have them, I want to know how to operate them safely and efficiently.  I’ve heard the stoves, refrigerators, and water heaters are sometimes temperamental.  He seems like a nice, reasonable older man.  Let’s offer what he is asking.  I don’t really want to barter.  He can use the money more than us.  I might even offer more money  if he will agree to train me on the upkeep and running of the unit.  What do you think?” John asked.
Bryan and Anne nodded in agreement.  “I think that would be great.  I wonder if he wants cash or if a check or a cashier’s check would be best for him.  Let’s do it.  I’m feeling the urge to travel with my family.  There’s a lot of country to see,” Anne answered happily.
“Mr. Ferguson, we’d like to buy your motorhome on one condition.  Would you consider spending some time with me over the next few days teaching me how to really operate the equipment?  We are going on a long vacation driving all over the USA, and I want to do it safely and have the best time possible for my family.  I will  pay you well for your time,” John asked.
“I’d be glad to do that.  I feel lost and have nothing special to do.  I’d love to show it off and have some company,” he added cheerfully.
“How much were you asking for the motorhome?” John asked.
“I had it listed for $30,500, but I could knock off a little,” he said.
“No.  I think your price is fair, even a little too low, and I don’t like bartering.  I’d like to add at least $1000 dollars for you showing me how to use it.  Is that amount alright, or do you want more?” John asked again.
“That’s more than enough.  Are you sure you want to give me that much for teaching you the tricks of living in a motorhome?” Mr. Ferguson asked.
“That’s sounds like a bargain to me.  Do you want us to bring cash, a cashier’s check or a combination of both?  The banks are closed tonight, but we could bring either one back tomorrow.  I can give you $500.00 as a deposit tonight.  What kind of payment do you prefer?” he asked.
“Are you going to pay the whole thing in one payment?” Mr. Ferguson asked.
“That’s what we planned to do.  We can give it all to you in cash tomorrow or in a cashier’s check or a combination of both.  We have the cash available, but we don’t carry that much cash with us.”
“I guess a cashier’s check would be fine with me.  I’d be afraid to have that much cash around me, too.  I’m home most of the time.  Call me when you want to come over tomorrow.  We can talk about when we can do the training then,” Mr. Ferguson said reaching out and shaking John’s hand.
When they got home, Anne showed Bryan and John the list of possible places to visit that she had located through her internet searches.  They found each place on the map and discussed which ones to go to first.  Then they began listing things around the main attraction.  Anne had gone down a few times to get AAA travel books and maps.  When they decided on a major attraction, Anne looked through the AAA travel books for other things in the area that might be fun or interesting for Bryan.  The twins were too young to care about the attractions.  Bryan was given the task of Planner‘s Assistant to log them in and figure how far they were apart.  Later they would decide a possible route.
“Bryan, do you know what we are doing right now?” Anne asked.
“Sure.  We’re looking at maps and planning the first part of our vacation, aren’t we?” he asked.
“Yes, but we are also doing some ‘home schooling’.  You are learning about reading maps, states and major cities, and math skills to figure out how far apart they are.  Another thing we need to figure out is how long it may take to drive to each place and finally about how much fuel it will take.  We should also keep going and figure out about how much that will cost us.  Don’t look so worried.  We aren’t going to do all of that tonight.  I was just thinking how part of our trip will help us do the school work.  I call that ‘painless education’.  Besides it is all practical education, the kind people actually use,” Anne explained.
“I think this might be a better way to learn than just sitting at a desk doing endless worksheets.  Do you think I might also be able to use a calculator to do some of the math?  That’s another practical skill,” he said slyly.
Anne laughed, “That’s a good argument.  After I know you can do the basic adding and subtraction, using a calculator is a great idea.  I actually already bought one for you.  I like the way you think ahead.  You are such a smart boy; you will be fun to work with.”
The next afternoon, they piled in the car and drove back over to Mr. Ferguson’s house.  He was waiting patiently for them to arrive.  John walked in and shook his hand.  “How are you feeling tonight?” John asked.
“I feel good.  I was afraid I would have a hard time selling the motorhome with so many people being laid off and having money problems.  I need to pay this off, and hopefully, I will have enough money left to get ready to move.  I’m so glad you are going to buy it.  It just sat here and reminded me of Ethel, my wife, and that made me feel even lonelier.”
John handed him the cashier’s check for $35,500 and shook his hand again.  
“That’s the wrong amount!.  That’s more than we agreed on last night. We said $31,500, and that included $1000.00 for training.  This is $4000.00 too much!” Mr. Ferguson pointed out.
“I looked in the computer and decided you were cheating yourself.  That’s why we included the extra money.  It is a pleasure meeting a man who’s honest.  That’s what I’d like to give you for the motorhome.” John explained with a smile. 
“Thanks, I really appreciate the compliment, and the extra money will come in handy,” he thanked him.
John asked, “Even though it is a certified cashier’s check, I didn’t plan on driving it home tonight.  I want you to be sure it has cleared before we think about moving it off your property. Actually, I have a favor to ask.  May I leave the motorhome parked at your house while I get my training?  It makes more sense than driving it back and forth each day, besides there isn’t any place large enough at our apartment complex where I can park it.  Is that OK?  It would help us out in several ways.  Maybe I can gradually bring our clothes and camping gear over here and get it set up and ready to travel.  That way we can just leave from here?  Would that cause you any problems?”
“No.  You can leave it parked right where it is now.  It isn’t in my way. That would be the easiest way for me.  That way I can go out and show you things you want to learn when you are ready to begin to using them,” Mr. Ferguson suggested.
During the next week John spent much of his time at Mr. Ferguson’s place learning the tricks and idiosyncrasies of the motorhome.  John learned how to safely and quickly open and close the sliding sections, how to start and work on the generator, how to empty the holding tanks, and how to light and adjust the stove, refrigerator and other appliances.
Each day John brought over clothes and other things they decided to take with them on their trip. Mr. Ferguson helped him organize the things into the storage areas to keep the weight balanced so the vehicle would steer better on winding mountain roads.  He showed him the trailer hitch and explained that many people hauled a second vehicle with them so they could park the motorhome and then travel around in the car to the other attractions in the area.  It was harder to drive towing another vehicle, but it saved time, gas, and energy by not having to keep parking an un-parking and leveling the motorhome to go to the grocery store or other nearby attractions.
“That sounds like a good idea, but I think we’ll start out with just the motorhome.  We may rent or purchase a car later if we decide to stay for a long period of time.  Right now, this is enough for us,” John added.
Mr. Ferguson said, “When Ethel and I went on trips, we pulled an old car with us.  We would park in a nice campground or RV park and stay there for a week or two.  The car would drive us around the area and then we’d come ‘home’ to the RV, and it would be all ready for us to enjoy the park and get a good night’s rest.  That’s how we did it, especially after Ethel got sick.  The driving was hard on her, but the longer stays in a beautiful location always brought fresh energy and a smile to her face.  We tried to enjoy all the time she had left.  I think we managed that very well.  We kept that up until the last two  months of her life.”
“If it isn’t too painful to talk about, what was wrong with her?” John asked.
“She had leukemia.  After the first round of chemotherapy and radiation, she decided she didn’t want any further treatment like that.  It made her so sick she really didn’t enjoy any of that time.  Besides, it was so terribly expensive, she said she preferred to live a shorter amount of time than have more expensive treatments and feel so awful.  I didn’t want to lose her, but I hated seeing her so sick during the chemotherapy.  That’s when we really used the RV the most.  I’m glad you young folks are going travelling now and not waiting until you are too old and sick to enjoy it.” Mr. Ferguson explained.
“Did you have medical insurance to cover her medical expenses?” John asked.
“We had Medicare and it paid fairly well on some things, but a lot of the later treatment expenses were only partially covered.  The bills kept coming, and it seemed like each time they paid less.  I decided to just keep living and not let her think or know about the accumulating debt from the medical bills.  I just told her the insurance was taking care of everything.  I’m not sure if she really believed me, but that was the only time I lied to her.  I think that bothered me more than the mountain of unpaid bills,” he answered.
“How much did you end up owing on the medical care?” John asked.
“I’ve been trying to whittle it down, but it is still over $125,000.  I hope I’ve received the last of the bills by now.  I have to sell this house soon, or I’ll probably end up losing it to pay off the bills.  That’s the real reason I’m moving in with my kids.  I love them, but I like living here.  Oh, well, that’s why I’m selling things off.  Now I can pay off the motorhome and start working on some of the medical bills.  Hopefully they will work with me on payments.  They may have to work on payments, because you can’t get blood from a turnip.  All I have is Social Security and a small pension,” Mr. Ferguson explained.
While John was getting the motorhome ready to leave, Anne was busy packing things to take and things to send to storage unit Marco had rented for them.  John decided to pay rent on his apartment for three or four more months so people who might be looking for them would continue to watch his place.  It might throw some people off or cause a delay in looking for them out of the area.  Anne found two small travel playpen/bed combinations for them to use in the RV.  Bryan helped her take boxes down to her car.  A couple of times during the week, they drove over and took stuff to John at the motorhome.  Bryan was getting excited and wanted to sleep overnight in the RV, but John and Anne reassured him they were almost ready to leave.  They were all getting excited about the great adventure they were going to have.
Anne took the paperwork to the Department of Motor Vehicle and got the title transferred into their names.  She contacted an insurance company and bought an insurance policy for  the RV.  The last thing she did to get ready was to go grocery shopping for some thinks they might need right away.  She bought milk, eggs, bread, coffee, cereal, baby food, fresh fruit, snacks, and sandwich meats plus laundry supplies, soap, and a first aid kit.  John turned on the refrigerator and let it run during the night. The next morning, he put everything in the refrigerator and pantry closet.  Anne bought a set of Corelle dishes, silverware, a few pots and pans, and a small coffee pot for the RV.  She added towels, sheets, pillows, and blankets, and a few kitchen tools.
When everything was loaded into the RV, they put the twins inside and made sure they were safely belted in.  Bryan climbed into his seat, buckled up, and said, “Hurray!  Now we’re off to see the world!”
John and Anne laughed.  “We’re off to see our nation first.  Unless this RV also flies or sails, we won’t make it around the world.  Maybe later on we can go farther.  There’s so much to see and do here in America.  Let’s explore here first,” Anne added.
Chapter 13
Because of the time of the year and the weather forecasts around the country, they decided to head north first.  When they drove near Marco’s resort, John pulled in and parked.  They hurried inside to talk to Luigi and Lori before they left on their trip.
When they walked into the resort, everyone greeted them warmly.  They called up to Luigi’s office and asked if they could come up.  They were told to go right on up.
Lori answered the knock and rushed outside and hugged Anne and John.  She picked up Marco and exclaimed, “Look at how much he’s grown.  He’s so beautiful!”  Luigi walked over and shook John’s hand.  They talked briefly about how the resort was doing.
John said, “We weren’t sure when or if you two were leaving, but we wanted to stop by and wish you all the best.  From what I’ve heard, the department is getting ready to file the indictments and begin making the arrests.  Marco tried to keep your name out of his information, but they might still want to arrest you.”
“We are planning on leaving in two days.  We’ve got our tickets and are just closing up the last details with the new managers.  Thanks for the warning.  I don’t want to take any chances.  I was too well known as Marco’s associate,” Luigi said.
“We’re going on an extended vacation, so we will miss the ‘excitement’, too, for different reasons.  I don’t want to take any chances, either.  We are heading now towards Las Vegas and then east,” John said.
“Did you and Lori get married yet, or is that a bad question?” Anne asked with a giggle.
“We got married almost two weeks ago.  We are officially a married couple now,” Luigi said.
“I don’t know how long the honeymoon will last, but I have never felt so happy.  My daughter is thrilled to have a dad and we are becoming a real family.  We are getting excited about moving so far away, but I’ll miss this place.  It has been like home to me for several years.  It is sad to say goodbye to everyone.  I’m so glad you stopped by.  How are you doing?” Lori asked.
“I know what you mean.  I don’t think our honeymoon is over yet; marriage just seems to get better all the time.  We are doing fine.  We are settled in as a family of five.  Bryan is such a great help and so much fun to be around.  I’d be lost without him,” Anne said.  “I understand what you mean about this place.  I was only here about a year, and I hated saying goodbye to the people and the area, too.  We don’t know where we are going to settle down yet.  If you want to write to us after you move, write in care of this address.  If we do hear from you, we promise we will never tell anyone where you are living.  I hate to lose contact with two such wonderful friends.  If you write, I’ll give you a more permanent address when we settle down.  If you don’t chose to write, we will miss you, but we understand.  We love you both.  Have a wonderful life together,” Anne said.
“Thanks for your friendship.  I’ll always remember helping with your wedding.  I think that’s when Luigi first really noticed me as a woman.  Now look at me, I’m married to him.  I hope the same long and happy life for all of us.  Be careful while you travel and have a wonderful life together,” Lori said giving her another hug.
After visiting for a few more minutes, John, Anne, Bryan, and the twins left the resort and got back into the RV.  John looked around before pulling out, and he was glad to see no one had followed them out of the resort.  This is what  John hoped would happen.
After they were back out on Highway 101 heading north, Bryan asked, “Dad, why did you say we were going to Las Vegas and then East?  Did you change your mind about going to Oregon?” 
“No, we’re still going north.  I hope you will forgive my telling a lie, but I’m just not sure how loyal some people at the resort are now.  I’m just being extra careful.  We are treating this like a great adventure, but it may become really important later that we become ‘invisible’, like spies and stay hidden.  Let’s pretend we are secret agents on a mission.  We need to see and learn as much as we can, learn all we can about our locations, but not let the other side know who we are or where we are going.  I am hoping no one will look for us at all but if they do, let’s make sure no one finds us until we are ready to be found,” John explained.  “The first stop on our grand tour will be the California Redwoods National Park.  I was there one time as a boy and was amazed at the size of the trees.  It also has some good hiking and fishing places.  Do you know how to fish?”
“I went ocean fishing once with my dad, but I didn’t catch anything,” Bryan said.
“Fresh water fishing is a lot different than ocean fishing.  I can almost guarantee that you will catch some fish up here.  That’s something we forgot about--fishing gear.  We’ll pick some up, if you want to, when we get closer to Arcata,” John said.
“Can I have a fishing pole, too?” Bryan asked timidly.  John nodded yes.  Bryan smiled and laughed happily.  When Bryan got tired of watching the scenery, he played with his Gameboy.  Later, he got a drink out of the refrigerator, sat back down and said, “This is really a great way to travel”
.When the twins woke up, Bryan held one while Anne fed the other.  Then they switched babies.  Anne walked back carefully carrying Angela.  She changed her on the couch and laid her down to sleep in the car bed.  Then Bryan brought Marco back.  He sat beside Marco and watched as Anne changed him.  He carefully lifted him and put him in his car bed.
“It feels strange walking around when the RV is moving, but I think I can do it OK.  I just don’t want to fall and drop a baby,” he said seriously.
“I know what you mean.  It’s sort of like walking on a boat.  It takes practice, but as long as we’re careful, I think we will be fine.  Most of the time, we need to be belted in.  Bryan, what I said to Lori is the truth.  I can’t imagine life without you with us.  You are a great help with the babies, but that isn’t why I couldn’t get along without you.  I am so happy you are in our family, but it isn’t just because you are helpful.  You are so smart and you make me laugh and feel happy.  I love you,” Anne said giving him a kiss and a hug.
At lunchtime, they pulled into a small roadside rest area.  John carefully backed the RV into the shade of a couple of trees.  From there, they could see the ocean’s waves crashing on the rocky shore far below where they were parked.
Anne got up and walked back to the kitchen. “Do I have any orders for breakfast or lunch?” she asked in her best waitress voice.  “I’m sorry to inform you that we have a limited menu today.  You can have eggs, cereal, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, or hot dogs.  What would you like, young man?”  Anne asked.
Bryan giggled and said, “I had my mind set on pizza, but I will take the PB &J sandwich instead.”
John said, “I’d like a PB&J sandwich, too, with a glass of milk.  For dessert, I’d like to kiss the waitress and the cook,” he added with a grin.
“Sorry, sir.  I’m a happily married woman, but I’ll get your food ready right away.”
Anne quickly made the sandwiches, including one for herself.  While she did that, John pulled the dining room table out.  He got glasses of milk for each of them.  He put them on the table and smiled as she delivered the food.
When she presented  the ‘check’, John pulled out a nickel and put it on the table.
Anne put her hands on her hips and said, “That’s a pathetic tip.”
“If you kiss the customer, you’ll get a better tip,” John replied.
Anne bent down and kissed him on the cheek.  John pulled out a dime and put it next to the nickel.
“That’s not much better,” she grumbled.
“A better kiss means a better tip,” he retorted.
Anne sat down on his lap and kissed him fully on the lips.  John nodded and pulled out a dollar and handed it to her.
Bryan giggled, “I wonder what you’d have to do to get a $5.00 tip.”
Anne blushed, slipped the dollar into her pant’s pocket, and giggled.  
John said, “I think this game is over for today.  I can’t afford that much tipping now.”
“This waitress is always ready to earn more tips,” she replied.
“Maybe later tonight,” John added with a grin.  They all laughed and began eating their lunches.  After eating, Bryan and John took a short walk along the cliff while Anne straightened up and stowed the food and dishes away.  Before she stepped outside, she reached in the cupboard and grabbed the small automatic digital camera she had purchased for the trip.  Before they noticed her standing outside, she had taken a couple of pictures of them standing together looking at the ocean.  She called their names, and they turned to face her.  She quickly snapped another one.  She walked over to where they were standing and showed them the images she had captured.  
“Mom, can I take a picture of you and Dad with your new camera?” he asked politely.  She handed him the camera, showed him the zoom button and the button to press when he was ready to take the picture.  After taking the first picture, he called out, “Hey, Dad, why don’t you give Mom a twenty-five cent tip?”   John pulled Anne into his arms and kissed her soundly.
“I got the picture, Dad.  You can stop kissing her now, or whenever you are ready,” he laughed, as they continued kissing. He walked over and hugged them.  They hugged him back and they all walked slowly back to the RV.
“Are you getting tired of driving?  I could probably drive for awhile if you wanted a break,” Anne said.
“I’m fine now.  On the open road, it isn’t much different than driving a car.  I can drive for hours if it stays like this,” he added.  “Just sit back and relax.  We’re going to stop in a few hours and find a place to stay for the night.  We don’t have to drive hundreds of miles every day.  Let’s just go until we see a reason to stop or until we are tired.”
Going through San Francisco was a harder drive, although John had once been assigned there so he knew the main streets fairly well.  He easily negotiated the city streets, including the one way ones that usually caught travelers by surprise.  In a few minutes, they were heading up the road onto the Golden Gate Bridge.  John called Bryan to look at the size and the construction of the bridge.  Bryan’s eyes got big when he saw the height and the massive cables that supported the bridge.  He saw many small boats in the dock areas along the shore.  Looking toward the east side of the bay, John pointed out the Oakland Bay Bridge.  Once over the Golden Gate Bridge, he pulled off into a paved parking area so they could get a picture of the bridge for their ‘family photo album’ which they decided to create as part of Bryan’s school work for the trip.
Anne (the ‘Teacher’) gave him a notebook and said for every place that they stopped, Bryan was to take at least one photo and write about in his notebook to explain where the photo was taken and something to remember about the place.  Bryan began writing in the notebook.  This is what he wrote, 
Picture #1, Mom tries out her new camera while Dad and I were looking at the ocean. Surprise!”  
 Picture #2, Mom takes our picture at the same place as picture #1 after calling our names.  Now we know she has a camera.  No more surprises?”  
“Picture # 3  Bryan takes picture of Mom and Dad standing on a cliff overlooking the Pacific Ocean.” 
 Picture #4  Dad gave Mom a 25 cent kiss at the ocean and didn’t want to stop!”
Bryan handed the notebook to Anne.  “Is this what you meant for me to write as entries for the pictures we took?”  Bryan asked.
Anne read the captions aloud.  John laughed especially loud at Bryan’s comment on picture 4.  She laughed and answered, “Yes, that’s the idea.  When we are at a special place, like here, I want you to also include some information about the location.  Like now, we are parked at the Golden Gate Bridge. It is one of the most photographed recognizable places in America.  Don’t just say this is the bridge.  Tell something you learned about it or a thought you had about it.  Write more when there is more to tell.  Let’s all get out and look around for a few minutes.  Then tell me what you learned or noticed about it.”
They got the twins out and put them in their new back packs.  These were designed so the twins could sit and look forward.  Anne carried Angela in her backpack while John carried Marco.  Bryan was in charge of the camera and the diaper bag, if they were going to be out for very long.  There were several other cars pulled over at the parking area.  John locked the RV, and they walked over to the display area.  They stopped and read each sign and studied the illustrations.  The sun was just beginning to go down in the west.  The sky was changing from blue into bright yellow and red.  Bryan took a picture of the bridge with the sunset sky in the background.  He had John and Anne stand by the guardrail, holding hands and facing each other.  When he snapped the picture, he looked at it and laughed.  The twins were reaching out, and it looked like they were trying to hold hands, too.
When they got back into the motorhome, they buckled everyone in, and John drove back out onto Highway 101 and turned north.  One of the next towns was called Santa Rosa.  That was where John hoped to spend the night.  While they drove along, Bryan got out his notebook and began writing.  He kept at it for several minutes.  When he was finished, he started to put it away, Anne asked him what he had written.
Bryan handed it to her.  She scanned it briefly and said, “This is much better.  I really like that you put some facts in that are really interesting.  I can’t wait to see the picture that you took.  It sounds like a great shot.
Anne read it to John, Picture # 5.  “We are standing by the Golden Gate Bridge.  It is one of the largest single span suspension bridges in the world.  It has a 6450 feet span length.  It was completed in 1937.  I don’t know how they managed to build it so it would stay up.  The cement foundation goes down over 100 feet below sea level.  How could they pour cement down under water and have it set up hard?  They didn’t explain that.  It was so big and beautiful at the same time.  My family walked near it, and we drove over the bridge.  My mom and dad like to hold hands.  It looks like Angela and Marco want to hold hands, too.  I love my family, and this trip is fun and interesting.”
John said, “Great writing, Bryan.  You’re right.  I do like to kiss and hold hands with Anne.  I think we are really lucky to have her in our family.  Hopefully, we can find a place to stop in Santa Rosa.  From there it will be a very short drive to the redwoods.  We can get some rest and start out fresh tomorrow.”
When they arrived in Santa Rosa, they located a beautiful RV campground off Santa Rosa Ave, near Highway 101.  It had a space available.  With the back view  and side view cameras, John easily parked it in the space.  He walked around it, and quickly connected the sewer line, water line, and the electric hook-up.  He adjusted the leveling devices and smiled at Anne.  
“That was fairly easy.  These places with hookups make traveling so nice.  It is also a good time to dump the holding tank and fill up with fresh clean water in the water tanks.  Some of these RV parks also have nice shower rooms, laundry facilities, swimming pools, and sometimes they even have recreation rooms.  Let’s take a walk around before we do anything else and see what they have here.  If it looks good, we can stay another day and night, if we want, or we can head out tomorrow. We don’t have any firm plans,” he added.
They gathered up the twins in their backpacks, locked the doors, and started walking around the campground.  Even though it was a little cool, Bryan wanted to go swimming.  John walked back with him, so he could get his swim suit and a towel.  While Anne waited, she put the back pack on the ground and lifted Angela out.  She draped her chest and began nursing the baby.  When John walked back with Bryan, he sat down and got Marco out.  He held him while Anne finished with Angela.  Bryan climbed out and jumped happily into the pool.  In a few minutes a couple of kids came over and started swimming.  Anne traded with John and fed Marco.  They sat side-by-side and watched Bryan playing with the others boys.  When the sun disappeared, and it began getting dark, the other kids hurried back to their trailers.  After Bryan got out, he wrapped his towel around himself and began shivering.  They quickly gathered up their things and headed back to the RV.  Bryan hurried into the bathroom and took a quick hot shower.  He came out, grabbed his clothes and got dressed in the master bedroom.
While he was doing that, Anne and John began looking at the groceries and figuring out what they could fix for dinner.  When Bryan came out and sat down with his Gameboy, Anne and John finished cooking.  They brought over plates of spaghetti and meatballs, toasted French bread, and a small salad for each.  
Bryan swiveled his chair around and smiled.  “I think I’m going to love this trip.  I like your spaghetti, Mom.  I had fun playing with those kids at the pool, and I’m feeling so happy.  That’s the first time I’ve played with other kids since before I was put in the hospital after the accident.”
Anne smiled at him and said, “I hadn’t thought about that.  I’ll bet you’ve missed playing with other kids.  I’m feeling very happy, too.  I hope the rest of our trip is this easy and this much fun.  I feel so content being here with you and the twins.  Of course, I’m very happy our chauffer is here also to do the driving .  Shall we see if the TV works here.  There’s an antenna system that is supposed to search for signals when it is turned on.”
John turned on the antenna system and the TV set.  In less than a minute, a show appeared on the screen.  They didn’t have a lot of channels to choose from, but, at least, now they knew it would work.  After watching one comedy show, they didn’t see anything interesting coming on, so they turned it off.
John got out their travel log, and he and Bryan began looking at the map and the RV’s odometer settings. They continued with the entries.  John had logged their stop at Marco’s Resort.  John told Bryan what the last odometer reading was. He had Bryan check to see what it was reading now.  Bryan came back and wrote it in the log book.  Now John said, “How far did we travel this afternoon since leaving Marco’s place? Then how far have we driven since leaving Mr. Ferguson’s house?”
John watched as Bryan figured out the answers. “Great, Bryan.  You did it correctly.  Is there anything else we need to log in tonight?  Look at the headings of the columns.”
“Yes, we stopped for gas when we were about to enter San Francisco.  Did you keep a record of the amount we bought?” he asked.
“Yes, I have the receipt.  I want to keep all of them.  We may be able to deduct some of the mileage and travel expenses on our taxes if we combine it with locating places to make donations for MSA Bequests.  The receipts will prove where we went and the log will note places we stopped at to look around for places to give awards of money.  Can you put in the mileage, the amount of gas, and the total cost?  I also want to figure out what our gas mileage is on this trip, at least in the beginning.  That’s another way you can keep a check on how well your engine is working and when it might need a tune-up.  Do you know how to do that part?”
John showed Bryan how to figure the mileage.  Since there were a lot of decimals in the problem, Anne gave Bryan his new calculator to do the math work.  John shook Bryan’s hand and said, “You did great work, Son.  It is neatly written, everything is in the right place.  I am proud of you.  Help me remember each time we get gas or servicing, or stop for the night, to complete the log book. Since you are doing this job each day, I will pay you $5.00 for each day you correctly make an entry.  That way you can earn some spending money so you can buy some things for yourself.  One important thing you need to learn is how to earn and spend money.  I wish someone had taught me that before I started out on my own.  It would have kept me from making some foolish purchases.  As you can see, life is all about making choices, learning lessons, loving people, and helping others.  I think it’s about time to get to bed.  I’m going to get cleaned up and ready for bed,” John said.
Bryan took the log book and calculator, and put them in the cupboard where he could find it.  He brushed his teeth in the half bath and pulled on his pajamas.  Anne fixed the twins’ beds under the dining room table.  That way there was more room to walk through the center of the RV.  By the time Bryan was ready to go to bed, Anne had the blankets out and the bed was nearly made.
Bryan said, “Thanks, Mom.  If you show me where the things are stored and how to do that, I can fix my bed at night and put it away in the morning.”
Anne smiled and said, “Thanks, Bryan. You are so thoughtful.  I don’t mind doing it, but I’d love your help.  Climb in now and get some rest.  Is there anything you want to talk about that we did today or anything else?  Do you say your prayers at night?  I always do.  Let me pray with you tonight.  Praying at night always helps me sleep more peacefully.  ‘Dear God, Thank you for today and for our safe travel.  Please guide us and protect us.  Help us to live the way you want us to live.  Thank you for my family. Amen’.”
Anne kissed him and pulled the covers up.  She turned off the light in the kitchen area, but left a little one in the half bath on.  She walked back to the master bedroom.  She went into the bathroom and took a quick shower and put on her night gown.  John was already in bed.  She quietly climbed in and moved over closer to him.  He turned toward her and said, “I think I still owe you a few ‘tips’ for all the special things you do for me and the kids.  I love you so much.  I’m so happy living with you.  Thanks,” he said as he rolled over and kissed her with gentle passion.  She snuggled closer and put her head on his shoulder.  They talked quietly a few minutes and then gradually drifted off to sleep.   
About 3 am, Bryan tapped on the door.  “Mom,” he whispered, “the twins are awake.”
Anne woke up and climbed out of bed.  She hugged Bryan and said, “I’m sorry they woke you up.  I’ll try to quiet them down so you can go back to sleep.”
“I don’t mind.  I like being up with you when you take care of them.  You’re a really good mother.  Can I hold one while you take care of the other?” he asked timidly.
“Of course.  I love your help, but if you feel tired and want to go back to bed, I’ll understand.  Here’s Angela.  She seems to relax and get quiet when you hold her.  She is lucky to have a big brother like you,” Anne added softly.
They sat and talked quietly so John wouldn’t wake up.  When the feeding was over and the twins were back in bed, Anne tucked Bryan in again and kissed him goodnight.  She walked back and fell asleep without waking John.
Early in the morning, John woke up before the others. He walked outside and strolled around the campground.  It was just before dawn, and only a few lights were turned on yet. He sat by the pool for a few minutes and watched the sun rising in the east.  He sighed and felt all tension drain out of him.  He walked back to the RV and quietly entered.  It was still quiet.  He walked back into the bedroom. where Anne was still sleeping.  John looked at her and lay down watching her sleep.  He was starting to doze off when he felt her stir.  He opened his eyes and saw her looking at him.  “Good morning, beautiful,” he said.
“Good morning to you, too, handsome husband,” she murmured sleepily.  He slid over and held her close.  He kissed her and breathed deeply. “You look and smell good enough to eat,” he said quietly, “but this is not the time or place to do what I’d like to do.  Bryan is beginning to wake up, but I still want to show you what a $20.00 tip is worth.”
Anne giggled and kissed him tenderly.  “I can hardly wait, John, but you don’t have to ‘tip’ me.  I enjoy it as much as you do,” she admitted blushing coyly.  Anne got up and put on her robe.  She walked out into the kitchen area and started a pot of coffee.  In a few minutes the coffee was ready.  John came out and poured a cup for each of them.  They snuggled together on the sofa in silence, enjoying the peaceful moment.  A few minutes later, Bryan woke up.  He sat up and stretched and looked around.  When he saw Anne and John were sitting on the couch, he walked back and snuggled up against Anne.  
John said, “Good morning, son.  Do you like coffee in the morning?”
“I don’t know, but it smells good.  Can I try some?” he asked.
“Sure, on this trip we won’t be as fussy as when we settle down.  A little coffee now and then would be OK for you.  I’ll fix it the way I used to drink it when I was young,” John said. He filled the cup about halfway full and added milk and sugar.  He stirred it and handed the cup to Bryan. 
Bryan held it carefully and felt the warmth through the cup.  He took a sip and made a face.  “It’s a little bitter, but it makes me feel warm inside.  I think I like hot chocolate better, but I like doing things that you do, Dad,” Bryan added.
“I’d better be careful what I do, if you are going to copy me!” John said with a quiet laugh.  
Anne giggled and said, “I think you picked a great person to copy.  John is one of the kindest and most honest men I have ever known, but no one is perfect.  What do you two want to do first today—eat or explore?  We can have cereal or eggs or French toast here or we can get dressed and eat at a café along the way.  I’m game for either,” Anne said.
“I talked to a man earlier this morning by the pool.  I think he runs this RV Park.  He mentioned an African animal park around here.  He said it was not very big, but his grandkids enjoyed it.  Why don’t we get ready to leave and see if we can find the place? It isn’t very often that you get to watch lions and elephants before breakfast.  If it doesn’t look interesting, we can start out for the redwoods and get breakfast along the way,” John suggested.
“Wow!  Do you think we can really see lions and elephants?  I’ve never seen them except in movies or on TV.  What do you say, Mom?” Bryan asked.
“It sounds like we will have an African adventure this morning.  Let’s get ready and go hunt up some wild animals,” Anne said quickly.  Bryan went in and cleaned up and got dressed.  John went outside and began disconnecting the RV lines.  He re-set the stabilizer settings, checked the tires and signals, and got ready to move.  While he was working on the outside of the RV, Bryan folded up his bedding and stowed them in the storage compartment.  Anne quickly cleaned up the kitchen, stowed the coffeepot, clean cups, and got dressed.
When John climbed back into the RV, they were ready to start out for ‘Africa’.  “That was really quick work.  Of course, we didn’t use the pull out sections, but it’s nice to see that it won’t take long to move out if we are ever in a hurry.  Is everyone buckled up and ready to move?” John asked.
He started the RV and carefully pulled out of the space.  Once on the frontage road, he spotted a sign about the animal park.  With Bryan and Anne navigating, they found the park and located a place for the large RV to park.  It was still early in the morning.  The Safari Adventure Park was just opening, and there were only a few people waiting to go inside.  With the twins changed and in their backpacks and Bryan beside them, they walked up and paid to go inside.  
The park was nearly deserted.  It was almost like they were really alone in Africa, and the animals were there just for them.  They walked along until they found a tram that would take them along the perimeter of the park where they could see the animals in their natural habitats.  It was a little cool, so Bryan put caps on Angela and Marco.  The air felt cool and crisp as the tram slowly circled the park.  The man driving the tram told them interesting information about the animals they were seeing.  Away from the park buildings, Bryan could imagine he was actually in Africa.  He watched the giraffes stretching to reach the leaves in the tops of the trees.  He laughed at them when he saw how they had to spread their legs out sideways to bend down to get a drink from a small water hole.
The adult lions were resting on the ground, but two young cubs were tumbling around together, ‘play fighting’.  After a few moments, they dashed over and pounced on their mother.  She stretched and playfully batted them off. They scampered away and began pouncing and tumbling again. 
Bryan laughed at the cubs.  “They remind me of kids on the playground at the park near my old home.  That’s how the little kids played and then ran back to their mommas, and then they took off again.  I wonder if they still play at that park?” he asked wistfully.
Anne put her arm around his shoulders and hugged him.  “It’s all right to remember the old times.  I hope we will make a lot of happy memories for you on this trip.  It must still hurt sometimes when you remember the past.  Talk about it, if you want to.  You know that John and I will always love you, Bryan.”
John said, “Anne’s right.  After my mom and family died, I tried to be brave and keep everything inside.  I didn’t know it was OK to talk about them.  It made my dad so sad that I stopped talking about them.  Years later, when my first police partner was killed, I fell apart.  It was then that I had to stop and mourn for them and for my friend who died.  Don’t feel like you have to hide your feelings, Son.  It is normal to miss them and be sad sometimes.   If you are sad or upset, we will understand and love you even more.  I don’t want you to be unhappy, but we are here for you no matter how you feel.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, I do.  Sometimes I see someone that looks like my mom or dad and I get excited, but then I remember it isn’t them, and I feel awful.  I feel like crying, but I usually hold it in.  I don’t want you to think I don’t love you,” he admitted shyly.
“Bryan, if you didn’t remember them, miss them, and feel sad, I’d worry about you.  When you think and remember things about them, it doesn’t mean you don’t care about us.  It is normal to love them.  They were your parents, your mom and dad and your siblings. There is always enough love for everyone.  It seems to grow bigger the more people we meet and love.  I could never imagine how I could love more than one child, but it just came naturally.  I love you and Marco and Angela and, of course, John.  You are all special to me in different ways.  I can’t imagine the pain you and John went through losing so many loved ones while you were so young.  I still grieve for my mom and dad and now for Marco.  Sometimes I see or hear something and I feel sad and lonely and miss my mom, even after all these years.  It hurts less now, but I think I will always miss her and remember her.  Just trust in your feelings and trust in John and me to understand when you feel sad or lonely.  I will always love you, Bryan, and I know John feels the same way,” Anne said gently. 
After touring the petting zoo, they bought food at a food stand at the park.  They sat outside and watched the monkeys swinging on ropes and tree limbs in their enclosure.  A group of howler monkeys began howling and people came flocking over to watch them.  The twins were startled by all the noise and they began crying.  John and Anne took them out of their backpacks and covered their ears.  After a few more seconds the howling stopped just as suddenly as it had begun.  While they were still sitting at the table outside, Anne pulled out a small jar of baby food.  She began patiently trying to feed Marco some cereal.  His tongue pushed out almost as much as Anne managed to get inside his mouth.   She kept at it until he had eaten a couple of spoonsful.  She wiped off his face, and then she tried to get Angela to eat some cereal also.  Angela managed to keep more of it in her mouth, but still a lot came bubbling out for every little bit that stayed inside.  
Bryan watched as Anne fed the babies.  “They sure don’t like cereal very much,” he commented.
Anne said, “I don’t know if that’s why they spit it out.  This is the first time they are trying to eat ‘solid’ food.  Until now, everything they ate was liquid.  They haven’t quite figured out how to control their tongues and swallow yet.  Just think, you ate the same way when you were this age.  They aren’t really messy.  They are just beginners.  For their first time, they did pretty well.”
Once they were back on the road, Bryan got out his notebook and looked at the pictures he and Anne had taken at the African animal park.  “Do I need to write an entry for every picture we took at the animal park?” he asked.
“No, choose one or a few that you like the most and write something about them.  You can write more if you want to, but that would be up to you.  After we get the pictures printed, we will type up your notes and make a travel album for the family.  It will help us remember some of the things we did on our trip.  I know we will really enjoy it as the years go by.  What did you like the best there?” Anne asked.
“I liked the giraffes and the monkeys best, but I think the funniest thing was watching you trying to feed the twins.  I got a couple of funny pictures of that, but I don’t know if that would be OK to put in the book,” Bryan said.
“I think that would be great. When the twins get older, they will love to see their own pictures, even with messy faces.  I like your sense of humor, Bryan.  I will leave the choice up to you.  I want this to be a fun project for you, not a chore that you dislike,” Anne explained.  “We may put in extra pictures, but we’ll decide that when they are printed up.  I bought a small color printer that will do digital photos without needing a computer.  I put it in the storage compartment, because I thought we might wait until we were ready to start the book before we got it out.  Between the three of us, we should be able to figure it out.”
“That sounds like fun.  Do you think I can help with the photos?” he asked.
“Of course, you can probably figure it out easier than Anne or me,” John admitted with a laugh.  “Kids just seem to catch on to things like that better than old folks like us.”
Anne made a face at him and said, “I’m not getting old; like good wine I am getting better with age.”  Bryan laughed and went back to looking at the images in the camera’s view screen.
A couple of hours later, they turned off the highway and drove onto  a road that narrowed down to two lanes as they approached the redwood park.  John pointed it out and told Bryan, “In the past,  roads were only two lanes wide —one lane in each direction.  Most modern roads have been widened, but this area is so beautiful, they left it two lanes so they wouldn’t have to destroy any of these beautiful giants.  They made a by-pass highway around the outside of the main groves for people who are in a hurry.  I purposely chose to drive down the old highway.  We are nearly to Arcata.  In our RV guide book, they mentioned an RV campground that sounded perfect for us.  We should be there in a few minutes.  Did you know we are just a few miles from the Pacific Ocean now?  The reason these trees grow so big here is the temperature and moisture level is just what these redwood trees need to thrive.”
Bryan smiled and asked, “Dad, you seem to know about everything.  How did you learn all of this?”
John laughed, “To be truthful, I read the guide book this morning before you two woke up.  I hope you aren’t disappointed to learn I really don’t know everything.”
“I already knew that.  Nobody knows everything, but you seem to know a lot of things.  I want to be like you when I grow up,” Bryan added.
“That’s the nicest compliment anyone ever gave me.  I hope I don’t disappoint you as you get older.  I just want you to be the best you that you can be.”
A little later, John spotted the sign leading to the Riverside RV Park.  They followed the winding forest road about half a mile through wooded land until they came to a series of intertwined roads with RV and trailer campsites.  John stopped at the office and rented a spot for the night.  He carefully maneuvered the RV into the spot.  He and Bryan worked together and hooked up the lines and soon lunch was cooking.  They had stopped at a large Wal-Mart store in the last town and bought more supplies including fishing poles and other fishing gear.  There was a barbecue set up near the picnic table at the campsite, so they decided to have hamburgers for lunch.  Anne had also bought other things including beans and sandwich fixing.  While she got things ready to cook, Bryan and John explored the campground.  When they came back from their hike, Anne was ready to start cooking the hamburgers.
Bryan came rushing inside, “Mom,” he shouted, ”the river is just a short walk from here.  Some people were down there fishing.  They caught some big fish.  After lunch, Dad and I are going down there and see if I can catch some fish for dinner.  Do you want to come?  It is really pretty over there, and there are shady places so the twins won’t get sunburned. Can we go?”
“That sounds like fun. Let’s get lunch ready and then we can decide.  I want to see you catch a big fish today.  We need to remember to get a picture of you fishing, and hopefully, get a picture of you with your fish!” she answered excitedly.
John lit the charcoal and got the fire ready for the meat.  He put the hamburgers on the grill.  Soon the smell of the meat grilling had everyone feeling famished.  Anne prepared fixings and brought everything out to the table.  Soon they were seated at the picnic table.  John led the blessing, while Anne and Bryan said a happy “Amen.”
“These are great, Dad.  Mom, can I have another one?” he asked.
“You can, if you are hungry.  Everything cooked outside seems to taste better than food cooked in the kitchen.  Do you want to split one with Dad?  I’ll bet he would like another one, too,” Anne asked.
“That sounds great to me,” John said.  “It was delicious, but I don’t think I could eat another whole one.  Is half a burger enough for you, Son?” 
“Sure, I don’t think I could eat another big burger either, but it tastes so good,” Bryan answered.
While the guys fixed and ate their burger, Anne fed the twins, changed them, and got their gear ready to go to the river.  Traveling with six month old babies meant taking more things with them, but they quickly cleaned up the camp area, put stuff away in the RV and hurried down to the river.  John spread a blanket partly in the shady area, and they laid the babies in the center of the blanket.  Anne sat on the blanket by them and watched the two guys start fishing. The fresh air and sunshine soon lulled the twins to sleep.  Anne picked up her camera and walked down to the river bank and took off her shoes.  She rolled her pants legs up to her knees and waded into the water.  It was icy cold, but she smiled with joy.  She kept looking back at the twins who were peacefully sleeping.  
While she was standing there in the water, she heard Bryan yell, “Dad, I think I have a fish!”
John waded over to where Bryan was standing with his pole.  The tip was bobbing up and down.  “It looks like you have your first fish,” he called excitedly.  Anne got her camera ready.  She walked over closer to get a better picture.
Bryan reeled in the line.  When he got it close to the shore, he lifted the rod and found a fish about ten inches long on his line.  He shouted, “Look, Mom, I caught it!  I got my first fish.  Can we have it for dinner?” he asked excitedly. Anne quickly snapped the picture.
“I’ll cook it if you guys will clean it.  I’m not really sure how to do that part, and I don’t know if I want to learn it either,” she said.  Anne took several pictures so Bryan could chose the one he liked best for the album.  She walked back over to the blanket and took a picture of the twins still sleeping side-by-side.  A little later, when they woke up, she took pictures of them  as they kicked and moved around.  Since no one was nearby, she nursed them and laid them down on the warm blanket.  They moved their arms and legs and cooed to each other.  Anne laughed when she watched them.  “It looks like the twins like it here.  They look like they are trying to talk to each other.  I wonder what they are thinking about all of this?” she sighed happily.
Bryan rushed up, grabbed the camera and captured Anne and the twins asleep on the blanket.  When John walked over, he showed Bryan how to operate the self-timer on the camera.  They put the camera on a nearby picnic table, pointed it at the blanket.  When they pushed the timer’s button, they dashed over and flopped down on the blanket and pretended to be sleeping, too.  Later, they gathered up their things and wandered back to the motorhome.
The night was cool and the sound of the breeze blowing through the trees lulled them all to sleep.  In the morning, they heard birds chirping and singing in the trees around the RV.  They took a long hike through the redwood forest.  The light shining through the tall trees caused rays of light to shine through like long fingers pointing to clumps of ferns growing on the ground.  Except for the sounds of the birds and the breeze, it was like they were the only people for miles around.  In some places along the trail, there were signs that told about the trees.
Bryan read one out loud, “The Coast redwood trees are some of the tallest trees in the world.  The tallest ones in this grove are over 373 feet tall.”  Bryan looked up and tried to see the top of the tree.  He bent so far backwards that he nearly fell over.
“I can’t even see the top of the tree,” he cried.  It’s too tall,” he exclaimed.
John said, “If you could back up several yards you could see it. The trouble is there are too many trees in this area to get back far enough to see the top. I guess that’s what the expression ‘You can’t see the forest for the trees’ means.”  
The family talked that night and decided to stay at the campground an extra few days, because it was so nice in the forest.  Bryan fished again and caught several more fish.  They cleaned them, wrapped them, and packed some in the freezer; the rest they cooked for dinner.
A few days later, they drove north on highway 101 towards the Oregon Dunes area.  As they approached the area, Anne said, “Look at this, Bryan.  I’ve never seen a place like this before.  On the right side of the highway there is a large mountain covered with forests.  Then there is a small lake; running beside it is a river. Then, there’s the highway we are on.  On the left of the highway there are huge white sand dunes.  On the other side of the dunes, although we can’t see it from here, is the Pacific Ocean.  All of these different things together in one place is amazing!  I don’t know what to look at first,” Anne enthused.
Before finding a place to settle down for the night, they pulled in at a building that advertised Dune Buggy Rides.  Anne and John put the twins in their backpacks and they all went to the ticket booth.  John bought tickets and they piled onto the back of a flatbed truck that had bench seats down the middle of the truck bed.  There were seat belts attached to each place.  Once they were all belted in, the driver began moving towards the dunes.
“Unless you’ve never seen an ocean, you have probably all seen sand dunes, but unless you’ve been here before, you have a lot to learn about dunes.  These sand dunes run about 40 miles along the Pacific Coast.  They stretch about 2.5 miles across.  The average height of the dunes is 250 feet.  The dune we are climbing first is only about 100 feet tall.  Once we get to the top, you will see some of the taller dunes and get an idea of how extensive this area is.  We have to drive carefully to keep from slipping down the steep sides sideways.  Some people say it is like riding a roller coaster, but there are no tracks.  When we start down, we may begin sliding.  If I holler ‘right’ or ‘left, please lean that direction.”
Bryan, Anne, and John held on to the safety hand rails as the dune buggy began sliding down the steep side of the dune.  Gradually, it straightened out and began climbing up the next dune.  When they crested the dune, the driver slowed and pointed out several areas of interest that were only visible from the 200 foot height of the dune.  For the next 20 minutes, the truck carried them up and down the dunes, finally ending up back at the parking lot and gift shop.  Bryan had received his first ‘pay’ from doing the travel log, and he proudly carried his money into the gift ship and looked at the things on sale.  He finally chose a small model dune buggy, a small bag of candy, and a couple of post cards.  He proudly paid for his own purchases.  After touring the sand dunes, they stayed in a beautiful Oregon state campground for the night.  They climbed on and slid down some smaller sand dunes near their campsite and visited with others in the campground.  Just like every night, they listened to the news and weather on the satellite TV.  So far, there was no news about the investigation John had led.  Even though there were no hookups at this campground, they were able to use their battery power.
The next morning after a light breakfast, they started the RV  and headed inland towards Crater Lake National Park.  The highway was now a two lane road that wound through the  tree covered Cascade Mountain Range.  Between the hills, there were open valleys with small towns and rich looking farmland.  Part of the way they drove along some of the many rivers and streams that drained from the higher elevations to the Pacific Ocean.  Everywhere they looked, they saw green forests and streams tumbling down rocky stream beds. 
“There are so many beautiful vistas, I can’t decide which to photograph,” Anne commented.  
“Just wait until you see Crater Lake.  It is one of the deepest lakes in the world.  The original mountain was once a huge volcano that erupted several thousand years ago.  Melted snow filled in the huge crater that was left after the eruption and created Crater Lake.  It is more than 1800 feet deep in places.  You won’t believe how blue the water looks.  Besides all that depth, it is surrounded by the steep walls of the original volcano caldera high above the lake level.  The forests are dense and beautiful, although they aren’t as tall or impressive as the coast redwood trees,” John said.  “Yes, Bryan, I studied the travel guide book we got from AAA.”
Bryan laughed and said, “I thought so.  Thanks for telling us about it.  Now I know what to look for.  I’d still think you are smart, even if you read it to us directly from the book.  Mom, we are getting a lot of pictures on the camera’s memory card.  Maybe tonight we should start working on the laptop and printer.  Do we have an album or something to put the pictures in when we get them printed?”
“I bought an album before we started out, but we may want to pick up some more supplies at the next big town. I had no idea how many beautiful pictures we would take.  We can load them onto the laptop’s hard drive so we can save them all, but we’ll just print our favorites for now.  We can even watch them as a slide show on the laptop computer.  I’m anxious to see how they look, too,” Anne said.
After exploring the park all day, they pulled into their RV’s site in the campground and settled down for the evening.  Anne began fixing dinner while John and Bryan unpacked and set up the photo printer  and the laptop computer.  Anne put a blanket down on the floor and laid Marco and Angela on it.  They were beginning to try to turn over.  If placed on their stomachs, they kicked their legs and tried to move around.  Anne laughed when they were on their backs, because they looked like little bugs kicking and trying to turn over.  Bryan laughed and clicked another picture.
They feasted on macaroni and cheese (one of Bryan’s favorite foods), hot dogs and fresh corn.  For dessert, they had a dish of ice cream and fresh baked cookies.  While they were eating, John switched the TV on so they could listen to the news.  Their dinner conversation stopped abruptly when the TV newsman began talking about a big news story out of Los Angeles.
“The big news story of the day is about massive arrest raids in five different states aimed at organized crime ranging from drug sales, prostitution, extortion, assaults, murders, and other organized crime activities. More than 60 indictments in California alone led to the arrest of more than 48 people. Few details are available tonight, but rumors say the arrests are the result of an undercover operation by one police officer while working with Marco Martinelli, a leading California crime boss who died recently from cancer.  In an unprecedented action, similar raids were conducted by federal agents in Illinois, Texas, New Jersey, and Florida.  It may be the most wide spread coordinated state and federal arrest action in US history.  Rumors indicate the raids were the result of a long term investigation by a few undercover agents.  Hopefully, after the arrests are finished, and detainees are arraigned, more information will be released.”
“Well, it looks like the police have made their first move.  I’m sure the rest of the information will be leaked out or released soon.  It may be time to switch to another name I used when I was undercover when we register or go to places and need to use a name.  Let’s hold off until we hear more about what has been released,” John said. 
He walked over and hugged Anne.  She smiled and said, “I’ll love you no matter what name we use.  We’ll follow your lead.  As long as we are all together, I’m happy.”  Bryan walked over and hugged them.  “Me, too,” he said. “We’re a team, and we’ll stick together.”
“We’ll get through this together,” they said in unison and laughed.
After Crater Lake, they drove to Portland and visited the Children’s Hospital. They walked in the entrance and looked for the waiting room.  They sat down and began talking to people sitting there.  The comments they heard were positive, for the most part, but they did hear some suggestions from the parents for things that would make it nicer for the patients and the visitors.  They made mental notes of the things that were mentioned.  Later, Anne wandered up to the children’s ward.  Anne explained that she was in the area and was specialized in nursing with critically injured or ill children.  She asked questions about possible jobs and talked about what the staff thought they needed to improve the children’s department.
After leaving the hospital, they got on the road and headed north to catch the border with Washington.  Once there, they turned on the scenic Columbia River Gorge Highway and headed east towards Idaho.  Partway to the Idaho border, they stopped in a beautiful campground  that overlooked the huge Columbia River.  Large boats travelled along the river.  In places the river was several hundred feet below the highway.  This campground was much closer, but it was still high above the water level.  The sound of the river rushing over the rocks in the narrow place in the canyon sounded like the roar of a distant jet.  Because of the swiftness of the river, it was much too dangerous to think about getting closer to the water.  There was a small stream that meandered through the campground that was just right for wading and fishing.  
That night, the news again talked about the arrests.  John nodded his head when he heard several of the names of people who had been arrested.  The newsman said they were still looking for several other people, but did not reveal the names.  Nothing was leaked about John’s part in the investigation.  John’s boss and Joe were both interviewed, but neither mentioned him by name.  They relaxed and spent part of the evening working on the pictures for the album.  Anne helped Bryan type up his captions for the first few photos.  They cut them into strips and put them with the appropriate pictures.  Everyone helped with the album.  Marco and Angela seemed to look at the pictures.  They celebrated by watching a DVD movie and ate microwave popcorn.  Anne spent part of the time, holding the twins and feeding them.
The family decided to head East into Idaho to see more of the country. The road was more winding than usual, so they took their time and decided to stop when they saw something interesting or they were getting tired.  The landscape gradually became less steep.  The hills changed to be more rolling hills than steep slopes.  The trees were not as dense as they were higher up in the Cascade Range, but the land was still green and there were small towns in the valleys.  Then it began getting warmer, and there were fewer rivers.  Once they got to Boise, Idaho, the state Capital, they looked for the children’s hospital.  After parking, they wandered into the hospital and again began exploring and talking to people there.  Anne’s specialized skills made a good introduction.  She explained they were travelling through the area and thought about settling near Boise.  The staff was eager to show her around.  With her keen sight, she noted things both positive and negative. One thing she listened to carefully were the parents and patients that she met.  After leaving, she sat down and made entries of both positive and negative comments while John headed east on Highway 84.
A couple of hours out of Boise, the appearance of the land changed drastically. They dropped down into a bizarre looking black desert that stretched for miles.  As far as they could see, the ground itself was black. There were a few trees and bushes scattered along the road. The terrain was so dark and desolate, it looked like something awful had happened to the area.  
When they passed a sign that said Craters of the Moon Park, Bryan said, “Are we still on the same planet? This does look like pictures I’ve seen on TV about the Moon.”
Anne and John laughed, “We are still on the Earth, but it is so different from the forests we just left this morning, it might as well be the moon.”
  They pulled into the Craters of the Moon National Monument about 4 pm.  The Lava Flow Campground was practically empty.  They got out and looked around.  The weather was much warmer than it had been in Oregon.  The quiet stillness and lack of people and traffic added an unearthly ambiance to the place.  When they sat down at a picnic table, they noticed there were large numbers of chipmunks and squirrels.  They sat quietly watching them scamper around.  Although they did not come close, they didn’t seem afraid of people.
John said, “This is a strange place, but I like the peacefulness and quiet here.  I think we should stop here for the night.  I thought we might make it to Yellowstone this afternoon, but it is always so crowded,  I think it would be better to stay here tonight and get to Yellowstone early tomorrow morning.  I think I’ll go on line and see if I can reserve a RV space for the next five days in Yellowstone.  What do you think about that?”
“You’re the driver, and I agree with you,” Anne said.  “I saw a sign that the rangers put on nature programs at night in this campground.  That sounds like it might be fun to go to.”
“I vote we stay here tonight.  I’d like to figure out why it  looks like this here?  Why is it so different from the other side of the mountains?” Bryan asked.
John said, “Let’s check our travel guide book.  It may tell us.”  He retrieved the book from the cupboard and opened it up to Idaho.  “The name of our campground might give us a big clue.  Lava Flow comes out of a volcano.  We are standing on the remains of a huge volcanic eruption. Large cracks or fissures in the earth’s crust resulted in a massive black lava flow that covered this area.  It says there are trails that go through underground lava flow tunnels as well as trails along the surface.  Have you ever explored in a lava tunnel? I haven’t. That might be something unique to do while we are here.  It must  have been a huge volcano to cover so many miles of land.”
After dinner, they gathered up the twins and headed over to the outdoor theater area.  Although the park appeared nearly empty, several vehicles pulled into the small parking area near the large campfire ring.  There were about 40 people seated on the wooden and cement benches in a semicircle around the campfire by the time the ranger began the program.  The park ranger showed some slides of the park and told about the history of the area.  He was funny and enthusiastic and led  them in singing silly camp songs while the bonfire burned down to glowing embers.  He gave information about the hiking trails in the underground lava flow tunnels and the special guided tour that was given each morning.  Bryan and John decided to get up early and do the guided tour with the ranger.  Anne chose to stay at the RV and spend her time playing with the twins.
About 10 am Bryan and John came back to the RV.  They were covered with black dust.  Bryan and John stripped off their dirty clothes and washed up.  While John showered, Bryan took the camera and showed Anne some pictures he took of the lava tubes.  Then Bryan took a quick shower, while John got the RV ready to travel.  He had made up a simple checklist to be sure he remembered to disconnect or reset each thing that needed to be done before moving out of the space.  Anne got the inside straightened up.  About noon, they pulled out of the campground for the short drive to the West Entrance to Yellowstone National Park.  John had a spot reserved for them to spend four nights in a campground near Old Faithful.  Just as he had heard, the park was crowded with visitors.  Many of the campgrounds were already filled up for the night.  Because the campsites were close together, Anne and Bryan helped guide him into the spot.  As soon as they were parked, Bryan went for a walk through the campground.  There were several kids his age camping near them.  In about an hour, he showed up with two other kids.  
Anne invited them to come in and have lunch with the family.  They quickly checked with their parents and came running back over.  Anne had stocked up on snack foods and sandwich ingredients.  She served them grilled cheese sandwiches and chips and a bowl of soup.  After eating the boys took off on a short hike over to the Visitors’ Center.  Anne and John, each carrying one of the twins, headed over and met them outside the gift shop.  John treated the boys to an ice cream bar.  Together they all walked over to the Old Faithful Geyser observation area.  The boys were busy playing tag, but they came running when the ranger began his speech.  He told the crowd that the geyser was named Old Faithful, because it usually erupted a 120 foot tall water spout of hot steamy water every 80-90 minutes day and night.  First they noticed a little extra bubbling and a fine mist began escaping.  Suddenly, a fountain of boiling hot water shot high into the air.  Bryan shouted with excitement and jumped up and down.  After the geyser stopped spouting, the crowd of people quickly wandered away.  They saw a series of wooden walkways leading out into a flat meadow area.  John, carrying Marco in his backpack, took Bryan’s hand and walked down one of the boardwalks.  Anne, carrying Angela, followed a few steps behind the guys. On either side of the wooden walkways, there were pools of bubbling hot water of different colors.  The sign explained that the colors were caused by different types of minerals that were dissolved in the water deep below the surface of the ground.  
Bryan noticed a small pond that was bubbling a light color of tan mud.  He laughed and said, “That looks like a pot of oatmeal bubbling on the stove.”
Anne said, “I don’t think it would taste like oatmeal.  Should we take a potful home for breakfast?”  Bryan laughed and shook his head.
After walking back to the Visitors’ Center, John noticed an ad for a bus tour of the park.  He got tickets for them for the next day.  The park had many miles of roads that ran through all the sections of the park.  The driver of the bus was full of great information about the geology, history, and wildlife of the area.  He stopped at major points of interest and allowed people to get off and explore and to take pictures.  He took them to places where they could see elk and deer feeding in the meadows.  They also spotted several bears along the road.  They were able to open the windows and take pictures from the safety of the bus.  Some people in cars got out, but wisely ran back inside when the bears began moving toward them.  The bus driver explained that the Yellowstone bears had become unafraid of people and were a serious problem.  He warned them to keep their distance if they saw a bear wandering around.  Bryan took several pictures of the animals.  John asked the bus driver if he would take a picture of all of them sitting in the bus. “I just want to prove that all of us came on this trip,” he laughed.
By the time the bus tour was over, it was getting dark. While Anne fixed dinner, Bryan and John began printing some of the pictures they had taken.  When the TV news came on, they heard John’s name mentioned for the first time.  Another related story told that crime boss Marco Martinelli's Will had been filed and disclosed he had left his estate and property to a woman who had been staying at the resort with him. She had recently given birth to twins named Marco and Angela. It didn’t give any other details, but it implied that the woman had been living with Marco.  Anne shook her head when she heard it.  John put his arm around her and gave her a hug, kissed her on the cheek, and said, “It may get a lot worse before it gets better, but we know the truth.  That’s the important thing.  You did nothing wrong.  The truth will come out in the end.”
Anne nodded and said, “I know, but I was hoping the twins wouldn’t be mentioned.  We will need to be careful about using their names when we are out in public.”
There was so much to see in Yellowstone that they decided to stay four more days.  Bryan and John went fishing on the Yellowstone Lake in a rented boat.  Anne and the twins rode along with them.  Bryan caught a large cutthroat trout.  The lake was much larger than Crater Lake.  It was the largest body of water at a high altitude over 7600 feet above sea level.  The sun was bright and the lake was much shallower so its color was much lighter blue than Crater Lake.  A gentle breeze blew across the water.  Anne kept the twins under a shade most of the day to protect them from sunburns.  The others used ample amounts of sunscreen.  They pulled into the shore and had a picnic lunch on the sandy beach.
A couple of nights they attended the Campfire Programs at the campground.  They rode a shuttle bus to the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone River and walked the trail along the rim near Artist’s Point and took pictures of Yellowstone Falls.  While there, they saw a small herd of buffalo grazing in a meadow and a group of elk walking across the open field to disappear in the dense evergreen forest.
On the last day, they explored the Mammoth Hot Springs area and walked along the pathways around the terrace-like formations created by limestone deposits.  Some of the formations were more than twenty feet tall and were splashed with many different pastel colors.  One large one looked like a fairytale castle.  From there, they drove to the south entrance and left Yellowstone.  They drove down a winding road that ran along a river that rushed down the steep mountain area.  There were several beautiful primitive campgrounds along the river.  They pulled into one and found a spot so close to the river that they could hear it rushing over the rocks.  That night, they slept with the RV windows open so they could listen to the river sing its travelling song.
This was the first night they had to rely on the generator.  It worked perfectly, so they had electricity and even caught the local news broadcast.  The announcer said, “The mystery woman linked to Marco Martinelli has disappeared from sight.  This is an old picture of Anne Lanford when she was training to be a nurse.”  He continued, “A large unexpected donation was made to the Children’s Hospital in San Francisco by the MAS Foundation.  It was learned that the MAS Foundation was created and is administered by the woman who inherited Marco Martinelli’s estate.  People speculated that she may be travelling around and making generous donations to hospitals and other charitable organizations.  Someone said she had been seen in the San Francisco Children’s Hospital about three weeks ago.  The big question is “Where is she now and who will be the next ones to receive donations from the foundation which was rumored to have several million dollars in assets?  If you see her, please call this TV station and give us your information.”
Anne was shocked that so much had been disclosed so quickly.  “We need to send off a donation to someplace where we have not been.  I’d like to make a large donation to the two hospitals where I worked before we got married.”  She got on the internet and gave instructions to her lawyer and accountant to send letters similar to the one sent to San Francisco Children’s Hospital.  She also sent grants to the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota and St. Jude Hospital in Tennessee.
John said, “It looks like the game is on now.  When we leave the Grand Teton area, let’s head down toward Phoenix or Tucson.  I think we need to go to another section of the country and send grants to places in the Northwest to throw the newsmen off the track.”
“One good thing is they haven’t connected us and  that we are married and we have Bryan with us.  It is time to be inconspicuous and blend in with our surroundings.  I think we’ve done a good job so far, and I agree with you.  Let’s head to the Southwest and hope they continue to look for us in the northwest.  This is turning out to be a good adventure,” Anne said.
Chapter 14
During the next three weeks, they drove fewer miles than usual.  They leisurely travelled through Utah and Colorado, going from one scenic location to another even more spectacular sight: Bryce Canyon National Park, Zion National Park, Cedar Breaks National Monument, and Capitol Reef National Park in Utah and then to Dinosaur National Monument, Mesa Verde National Park, and Pikes Peak and Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado.  As they headed south, they stopped in Durango, Colorado, and took the breath-taking Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad trip.  After each stop, they added pictures to their family vacation album.  The motorhome was so roomy and comfortable, they never felt the need to stop at a hotel or motel.  Another place they stayed a few extra days was at a beautiful private campground near Bear Lake.  It had a game room where they played regular pool and bumper pool.  Bryan and John enjoyed playing the video game machines.  A small country-western band entertained around a small dance floor near a large outdoor campfire.  One evening, Anne and John danced under the moonlight, while Bryan watched as the twins scooted around on a blanket on the floor in the RV.
Sometimes, while they drove, Bryan worked on writing his journal entries.  At night, they worked on the pictures and watched TV or DVD movies.  At Salt Lake City, they wandered around the city, visiting the Temple Square.  A horse-drawn carriage tour gave them an overview of attractions to see in the capitol city.  After seeing many of the historic buildings, they detoured and visited the children’s hospital and checked it out.  Because of things hinted at in the TV news shows, they didn’t talk to the administration like they had at the first couple of hospitals; instead they sat in the waiting rooms and visited with some of the parents and patients.  Later Anne wrote down their comments and noted some areas where MSA grants might be able to help.
They stopped just before the Arizona state line at a campground near Gouldings, Utah.  They checked in to the campground and then they took a guided tour of the Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park.  The size and majesty of the red rock formations awed them.  Stopping briefly at a Navajo hogan, they watched an elderly woman dressed in traditional clothing working at an old loom weaving a colorful blanket.  They purchased a woven rug for the living area of the motorhome.  While in the park, the twins began coughing.  There was a small hospital/clinic near Gouldings  They decided to stop there and have Marco and Angela checked out because of their coughing.  The clinic was rather run down and did not have much room, but the doctor examined the twins very carefully and prescribed some medicine to ease their coughing and congestion.  After leaving the Navajo Reservation, they drove down into Flagstaff. where they checked out the local hospital.  They decided to give a grant  to the Navajo medical clinic in Kayenta  to update its facility and also to the Flagstaff Hospital’s children’s unit.
While in Phoenix, they stopped at Good Samaritan Hospital.  They were very impressed by the facility, and they decided to give a generous donation to the pediatric unit.  After each stop, they carefully logged in travel and donation information, contacted the foundation’s attorney and accountant with instructions on amounts and when to send the grant letters. In Arizona, they also decided to give grants to help fund research for childhood cancer and diabetes at the University of Arizona and also at Arizona State University.
From Tucson, they headed to Carlsbad Caverns National Park in New Mexico.  The weather was hotter than the earlier part of their trip, and they were glad their air conditioner was working very efficiently.  They parked at a campground near Carlsbad Caverns, and they spent most of the first day touring the caverns.  In the evening, they went to watch the bats fly out of the cave entrance to go hunting for food.  When it got dark, a huge mass of bats came pouring out and filled the evening sky.  Later that night, they sat outside the RV and watched the immense vista of the night sky sprinkled with a brilliant display of meteor showers.  While sleeping that  night, they heard the mournful, yet exciting, sound of coyotes howling in the distance.  Later that night, Bryan woke up and looked out the window.  He quietly woke up John and Anne so they could watch a family of javelina’s roaming around the campground searching for food.  Bryan grabbed the camera and took several pictures of the javelina families.
In the morning, they headed southeast towards Texas.  The ride through Texas seemed endless as they travelled across the flat dry semi-arid landscape.  After many hours, they reached San Antonio.  After finding a place to stay at a RV park, they took a walking tour of the Alamo.  Later they walked along the riverbank area and ate at a small café that had outside tables overlooking the river.  Completely over their cough and congestion, the twins were well and happily chewed on crackers and other food.
Every few days, John checked in with Joe to see how the cases were going.  Joe reported, “We are getting a lot of questions about you and Anne, and several  reporters have been nosing around trying to locate John for interviews.  They are also trying to find Anne, but so far, they don’t know you are together.  All of the crime bosses have been bailed out on bonds by their attorneys.  We’ve been trying to keep track of them, but we can’t prove that they are actively looking for you.  You know how they work, so be very careful.  I think you should come back here so we can protect all of you.”
  John said, “I know you mean well, but I think we are safer out of sight than in any protective cover.  Besides, I don’t want my family feeling like they are locked up.  I’m really glad they haven’t figured that out Anne and I are together.  So far, we feel fairly safe travelling around, but once more information gets out, I expect there will be more pressure on finding us. I don’t think it’s a good idea to talk to reporters before the trials start.  I am trying to keep one step ahead of anyone trying to find us.  Last night, we heard some TV news shows are offering rewards to people who give them information on where we are, but so far they haven’t been able to locate us.  I appreciate your not letting any information slip.  I realize sometime before the trials start, I will have to give depositions to the defense attorneys.  Until that time, we are going to continue moving around. You have my old cell phone number.  If anything important comes up, call me.  Thanks for everything, Joe.  I really appreciate your not telling what we are doing.”
That night they were again featured on the major TV news shows.  This time, they had located more recent photos of Anne at her last nursing school.  It showed her standing with a group of nurses at graduation.  In the picture, Anne was clearly visible.  Her hair then was dark brown and and hung below her shoulders.  After looking at it, Anne said, “Well, now they’re looking for a woman with long dark brown hair.  I can take care of that with a little time, money, and effort.”
The next day, Anne went to a beauty salon and got her hair cut short.  She also had it dyed a light  honey blonde shade.  Later that afternoon, when she walked into the motorhome, John and Bryan looked at her and smiled.  
John looked at her and whistled softly, “Wow, I’ve never been married to a beautiful blonde before.  I think I am going to like this.  Is it true that blondes have more fun?” he asked with a roguish grin.
Anne laughed and said, “I don’t know if that’s true or not.  I’ll let you know later. I haven’t been a blonde before.  I know since I met you, I’ve had more fun and excitement than I had in my whole life until then.  I’m not sure if I can handle much more fun or excitement, but I’m willing to try for more happiness.  How could anything be better than being married to you and having three beautiful, healthy children?  Do I still look like the woman in the news photo?”
“There’s no way they could recognize you as that woman in the photo.  Let’s send out some other grant letters to the Denver area.  That should lead them in the wrong direction, too,” John suggested.
“Mom, you look so different with your hair cut short.  I really like it.  I almost didn’t recognize you when you walked in,” Bryan said.  Anne walked over and hugged him,
“I’m glad to hear that.  What do you guys want to do today?” Anne asked.
John said, “Last night, I checked and found there are some other interesting places to see in San Antonio.  There is a bus tour of some of the famous and historical areas of the city.  Does that sound like something you might enjoy?” 
Anne looked at Bryan and asked, “What would you like to do, Bryan?  Does that sound like fun to you?”
“I’ll go wherever you want to go,” he added hesitantly.
“Bryan, you always do what we suggest, but, if you were running this ‘tour,’ what would you like to do?” she asked again.
“I think I’d choose something with more action, like miniature golf, bowling, hiking, fishing, or things like that.  We’ve done a lot of riding and looking out windows the last few weeks.  I saw a sign that said the State Fair was going on this week.  Maybe we could go and check it out,” Bryan suggested.
John said, “You did a better job of checking things out than I did.  I agree with you.  We have done a lot of riding lately.  The Fair sounds like a great idea to me too.  What do we need to get ready so we can go have fun at the Fair?”
Anne said, “We’ll need to get things ready for the twins—diapers, changes of clothes, some food and juice for them. We’ll take jackets or extra wraps in case it gets cool tonight.  Any other things we can pick up at the fair or while we are on our way.”
John and Bryan walked up to the RV park office and asked, “We heard the State Fair was running now.  How can we get there from here?”
The RV park owner, said, “My family is going there tonight, too.  If you don’t mind riding in my old van, you can go over and back with us so you don’t have to disconnect your coach and take your RV.”
John said, “That’s very nice of you.  It would sure make it a lot easier for us, if you are sure we won’t be too much trouble.  When are you planning on going?”
Bill said, “We’re going in about an hour.  Is that time OK for you?  My son Jeff will be happy to have you along.  My wife and I aren’t much on the rides, but maybe your son would like going on them with him.  Jeff is twelve, and he likes the rides and the food at the fair, too.  We’ll meet here in about an hour.  See you then.”
Anne was overjoyed to hear about riding over with the park owner and his family.  They got busy and were ready and waiting eagerly when they found Bill, his wife, and son seated in a VW van that looked old and worn out, but seemed to run fairly well.  They piled into it and buckled everyone into place.  It was about a 20 minute ride to the fairgrounds.  The parking lot was crowded, but Bill had a handicap license plate so he was able to park in a special section close to the main entrance.
As they were walking in, John noticed Jeff was pushing his mother in an old wheel chair.  He asked hesitantly, “I don’t want to be nosey, by why is your wife in a wheel chair?”
Bill explained, “Madge has a degenerative muscle disease.  She can still stand and do some walking, but she gets tired very quickly.  Since she’s going to lose her ability to walk, we try to get out and do as much as we can together as a family.  We’ve been hit really hard by medical bills, but we go whenever we get a chance.  We are storing up happy memories for later.  Now we are hanging on as well as we can.”
Anne asked, “Is there any treatment available to cure or slow down the progress of the disease?”
Bill looked down at the ground, “We’ve tried everything we can around here.  There is one new experimental drug and treatment program available now, but it is very expensive.  Our insurance won’t cover it because it is still in the trial stage.  By the time it finally gets approved, it will probably be too late to help her,” he muttered hopelessly.  “I hate seeing her wasting away like this!  She means the world to me!  I’ve been trying for months to sell the RV park to raise money for the therapy and treatment, but so far, no one seems interested.  Sometimes it just doesn’t seem fair, but we are still hoping for a miracle.”
Anne looked at John and said, “I still believe miracles can happen.  Sometimes God will bring help in mysterious ways.  Someday you may ‘entertain angels unaware’, as it says in the Bible.  Don’t give up hope.  Just keep enjoying the times you have together.  It doesn’t help to worry about tomorrow.  We can’t change tomorrow anyway, but worrying spoils our todays, also.”
John agreed, “Today is all we can really rely on.  No one knows what tomorrow will bring.  We will pray for you and your situation.  Have faith and hope.”
Once inside the fairgrounds, they followed the boys and headed for the carnival section.  John gave Bryan enough money to purchase ride tickets for Jeff and him.  The adults wandered over and sat on a bench where they could keep an eye on the boys.  John and Anne took the twins out of their backpacks and held them.  Madge admired the twins and asked if she could hold one.  John handed Marco to her.  Her smile showed how much she loved little children.  While Anne fed Angela, Madge gave Marco a bottle of juice.  Later she held Angela and gave her a bottle of juice.  John and Bill wandered over to get on the Tilt-a-Whirl ride with their sons.  Madge watched them laughing and spinning on the ride.
“It is so good to get out of the house and see people.  I think I miss that the most right now.  I used to go on all the rides with Bill and Jeff.  Now I get to watch them.  That is a treat, but I miss doing things with them.  It’s wonderful to see them laughing and smiling.  Bill has so much on his mind.   I know he is frustrated and worried about me, but I’m worried about them and how they will get along when I can no longer take care of myself or them.  I love them so much,” she said softly.
“I think you have a wonderful family.  It is obvious that you love each other.  No matter what happens, a loving family is still the most important thing in life.  Don’t give up hope.  I believe God will answer your prayers.  Take it one day at a time,” Anne said confidently.  “Thanks for helping me feed the twins.  It helps having an extra pair of hands at times.”
After the boys went on most of the rides, they strolled over to the Mid-Way and looked at the games.  John and Bill walked around with the boys.  They tried all the games.  John won a large stuffed animal at the shooting booth.  Jeff knocked down the Milk Bottles and won a stuffed animal, too. The boys tried several of the other games.  They won a few prizes, but most of the time it was just a little plastic toy, but they proudly showed them off to their moms.
The two families wandered through the exhibit halls.  They stopped at the Food Display and Bill proudly pointed out a huge Best in Fair blue ribbon for an apple pie that Madge had entered.  She also won blue ribbons and a few dollars of prize money for some homemade blackberry jam and a tall chocolate cake.
“Madge is a wonderful cook.  She spoils us with her delicious cooking.  If you stay around for another day or two, we’d like to have you over for dinner.  We don’t entertain very much any more.  This has been a such a wonderful evening out for us tonight.  I haven’t seen Jeff look so happy in a long time!  The boys are getting along so well together, we’d love to have you over tomorrow for lunch or dinner,” Bill said.
“Why not let us take you out for dinner?  We don’t want to put you to so much trouble,” John said.
Madge spoke up, “I love to cook.  It would be a treat for me to have company to cook for.  We could play cards or games or watch a movie afterwards, if you want to.”
“We’d be delighted to have dinner with you,” Anne said.  “What can we bring to help out? I’m not much of a cook, but I’d like to help some way.”
“All you need to bring is yourself, but if you want to bring some ice cream or drinks that you like, that would be fine.  I can handle the rest of the meal.  I’m so happy you are coming.  What kind of food do you like?”
John laughed and said, “We like almost everything, and we trust you to make something good.  Anne is a good cook, but we’ve been travelling a long time, and she is not used to planning regular family meals.  This will be a real treat for all of us.”
The next day, Anne went to the local market and bought a bottle of red wine, some soft drinks, and a carton of ice cream to take to dinner at Bill and Madge’s house.  While walking back to the Motorhome, Anne thought about all that she had learned about Madge and her condition.  She wanted to get more information before saying anything else, but a plan grew in her mind about making a special bequest to Bill and Madge.  She didn’t say anything to John or Bryan until she researched more information about the disease and its treatment, but she knew she wanted to give them the chance at a ‘normal’ life together.  
At 4:30 pm, Bryan, Anne, and John arrived carrying Marco and Angela and all the things they thought they might need during the evening.  Bryan carried the diaper bag and a gift bag with the ice cream and wine.  When they rang the doorbell, Bill opened the door and invited them inside.  Their mobile home was clean and neat.  Anne walked around looking at all the family pictures hanging on the walls.  She could clearly see that Madge had been getting steadily worse with this strange disease.
Madge had a tall stool sitting in the kitchen.  From time to time, she sat down and rested.  Anne could tell she felt embarrassed, but she smiled and worked steadily.  When it came time to eat, Bill and Jeff grabbed the food from the oven and stove and carried them into the dining room.  It was obvious that they had taken great care to have the table set and looking pretty.  Bill helped Madge come in from the kitchen.  He seated her in the chair at the head of the table.  Before sitting down, Bill asked them to join hands for a blessing.  Madge struggled to stand, not wanting to sit while the others stood.  Bill took her hand and Jeff held her other hand.  Bill bowed his head and said a beautiful prayer of blessing on the food and on the people who were eating it.  He thanked God for Madge and the wonderful meal she had prepared with love and joy.  After he said Amen, everyone sat down.  Anne noticed how carefully Bill helped her sit down again
As the food was being served by Bill, everything looked and smelled delicious. “I hope you like Italian food.  Lasagna is one of my favorite things to make.  I decided that would be a good entrée.  There is also a Caesar salad with my own special dressing. There is fresh made garlic bread and green beans San Antonio style.  That’s another favorite of my family and friends.  Jeff, will you take orders for drinks and serve them?” Madge asked quietly.
“Sure, Mom. We have milk, cola, coffee, iced tea, wine, and ice water, too,” he added.  He quickly took the orders and walked into the kitchen.  
Bryan stood up and went into the kitchen behind him.  “Can I help you?” Bryan asked.  Jeff poured the drinks, and Bryan helped carry the beverages into the dining room.  Soon everyone was served. 
Anne took a bite of the lasagna.  “Wow!  This is amazing!  It’s the best lasagna I’ve ever tasted.  Bill, when you said Madge was a good cook, you weren’t doing her justice.  This is awesome.  Did you make this all from scratch?  How did you ever learn to cook this well?” Anne enthused.
Madge beamed at the high praise.  “My mama taught me, and she was a truly great cook.  I just love experimenting with food.  It makes me feel happy to cook something special for my family and friends.”
“Anne will tell you that I don’t like green beans at all, but these are delicious!  How did you take something as boring as green beans and make it into something so tasty?  Sorry, Anne, but you know I don’t usually eat them.  Could I have a little more?  This is a fantastic feast!  Thank you, Madge and Bill, for inviting us.  This is the best meal I can remember eating ever!  Sorry, Anne. I like your cooking, but.”
“Don’t worry, John.  I agree completely.  This is a real treat.  Bryan is usually a light eater, but he sure cleaned his plate.  What do you have to say?” Anne asked.
“Could I have a little more?  It tastes so good!  Sorry, Mom,” he added guiltily.  Anne laughed and handed his plate to Bill for seconds.
Bill refilled plates for John and Bryan.  The twins sat in their car seats and chewed on the bread and took bites of the green beans.  They cooed and watched everyone happily.
After dinner, Bryan and Jeff got up and helped clear the dishes off the table.  Bill walked into the kitchen and returned with a tall chocolate cake.  John and Anne groaned.  “I love cake, but I am stuffed from this wonderful meal.  I think I’ll burst if I eat any more,” Anne groaned.
“Would you like to wait a while and have some dessert later?  This is the trial chocolate cake that didn’t make it to the fair.  I agree with you. I’d rather wait and enjoy some later,” Bill suggested.
After dinner, Jeff and Bryan disappeared into his bedroom to play a new video game that Jeff got for his birthday.  Through the closed door, the adults heard them laughing and cheering each other on.  While the boys played their game, Bill, Madge, John, and Anne sat in the living room talking like old friends.  Tactfully, Anne asked some more questions about the new medicine and treatment that they had mentioned at the fair.  Bill got out an article they had been given by Madge’s doctor.  They had investigated several financial aid sources, but had not been able to locate any source of funding.  Anne explained that she had been a nurse and had never heard about it.  Bill talked freely about the research and results others had achieved using it.   Anne made mental notes and decided to check it out for herself later.
The twins scooted around on the floor and cooed and kicked and giggled.  Madge asked if she could hold one of the twins.  John handed her Marco.  “He is a little calmer and easier to hold than his hyperactive sister.  Since we’ve been travelling for so long, they don’t know what to do with all this floor space.  Anne picked up Angela and held her.  When Angela settled down and was beginning to get sleepy, Anne took Marco from Madge and handed her Angela.  “The only time she is quiet and angelic is when she is nearly asleep,” Anne said.  Anne watched Madge’s face as she held Angela.  Her body seemed to relax, and her face grew as peaceful as Angela’s. 
 After the twins dropped off to sleep, Bill and John went to the kitchen. They cut pieces of cake and added a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Even though Bryan and Jeff were still playing the game, they put it on pause and hurried out to eat their cake and ice cream.  After finishing, they served the grown up some coffee and headed back in to play the game again.
Anne noticed that Madge was beginning to look a little tired.  She caught John’s eye and said, “I have really enjoyed this evening so much.  I had forgotten how much fun it is to get together with friends.  When we finally get through travelling and settle down somewhere, I hope we can have people over for dinner and visit.  Do you deliver?” She asked with a laugh.  
Madge giggled and blushed.  “Sorry, I don’t have a catering license, but maybe I can send a care package with you,” she answered.
”Thank you again for taking us to the fair with you.  Bryan had a great time, and so did we.  If I lived closer, I’d probably gain 40 pounds from your delicious cooking.  The meal was great, but, even better, the company was delightful.  This is a memory we will all cherish as we go back on the road,” John said as he got ready to leave.
“Where are you heading next?” Bill asked.
Anne glanced at John and said honestly, “We don’t have any specific plans or places in mind.  We are just going from day to day.  It is fun to travel, but one day, we are going to settle down.  We just don’t know where or when that will be.  I guess we will know the time and the place when we come to it.  Someday we may even head back through Texas.”  She and John began gathering up the twins, while Bryan grabbed the diaper bags and headed for the door.
“Maybe you can come back and visit with us again.  It has been a very special evening for us, too.  You are welcome to come back and eat or visit anytime.  If you get a chance, drop us a line wherever you go,” Bill added when they walked outside.  After they were back at their motorhome, Bryan asked, “Did you notice the tears in Jeff’s eyes when he held his mom’s hand during prayer.  It made me want to cry, too, when I saw how much he was hurting.”
Anne said, “Yes, I noticed it, too.  I feel so bad for them.  They are such nice people.”
“I wish there was something we could do to help them,” Bryan said.
After Bryan was asleep, Anne did a thorough study on the internet about the new treatment.  After breakfast the next morning, she called a family meeting and told Bryan and John what she wanted to do for Bill and Madge.  Bryan and John agreed enthusiastically. 
“They are exactly the kind of hard working people I want to help out.  Let’s do it,” John said.
That afternoon, Anne contacted the lawyer’s office.  She told them to make up a Grant letter from the foundation to Bill and Madge for medical expenses.  She asked that they include this message with the grant letter. “Thanks for a wonderful dinner and a fun night at the Fair.  We are definitely not angels, but we are in the position to help make your dream of getting the new treatment for Madge’s medical condition come true.  You are exactly the kind of people we are hoping to help with money from the MSA Foundation.  We are blessed with the financial resources to pay for the medical treatment that Madge needs to beat the problem she has been fighting for so long.  It is our great joy and pleasure to provide the finances you need.  We will check back with you later to see how the treatment is going once we are back at home.  Please write to the foundation if this grant does not cover the full amount.  Please let us know how much it helps.  We enjoyed spending time with you in San Antonio at the fair and at your house.  John and the children and I are travelling for personal reasons and don’t have a permanent address now, but if you need to contact us, for any reason, call the attorney’s office and we will call you.  Our prayers and best wishes go out to all of you.  God bless you now and always.  Please don’t tell others about meeting us and how you got this grant until we tell you it is all right.  We don’t want anything leaked about where we are until we finish our travelling.  Just enjoy your life together.  If you’ve been watching the TV news shows the last few months, this may make more sense to you.”
Chapter 15
Over the next three months, John, Anne, Bryan, Marco, and Angela continued moving around the nation.  From the state of Florida and the tourist attractions there through to the forests and fall colors in Maine and Vermont, to the Badlands of the Dakotas and the wide open prairies of the central United States, they crisscrossed the country.  They continued visiting children’s hospitals and looking for other people and organizations who needed extra help.  Although the travelling was interesting, they sometimes longed to have a base of operations and a network of friends they could call or visit with.
As John had promised, he kept in close contact with Joe about the investigation and progress of the court cases.  One evening when John talked to Joe, he learned that he was needed to make depositions for the defense attorneys before the trials could begin.  Reluctantly, he agreed to return to California and get prepared for the many trials that had been set.  After much talking and praying, John and Anne decided to go back to the Resort and settle there.  It was close enough to make necessary trips to Los Angeles, but far enough away to be somewhat sheltered from the publicity and pressure of the legal proceedings.  After nearly eight months on the road in the Motorhome, they turned around and headed back to the Resort.  After pulling in late one night, they moved back into the suites that Marco had turned over to them.
The next morning, John called a meeting of all staff for the following afternoon. It was the first time he had spoken to them since Marco’s death.  When the time for the meeting came, John, Anne, Bryan, and the twins entered the conference room.
“Thank you for coming to this meeting.  It is good and yet very sad for us to be back here at the resort.  The last time we stayed here, Marco was still alive.  Our babies were newborn infants.  We had been living here with Marco and had been working closely with you for several months.  I want to explain some things to all of you that I could not tell you about before.  I want to clear up any confusion or misunderstandings you might have about Marco and our relationship with him.  When I first came up to meet with Marco, I was an undercover policeman trying to get incriminating information about Marco and his operations.  That same day, I bumped into Anne who was stranded here because of car trouble.  We had met at a children’s hospital in Los Angeles where she was working as a nurse,  We had talked several times there before losing contact with each other.  That chance meeting here changed all of our lives, although we did not realize that until weeks and months later.  Because of several strange and amazing events our lives became intertwined.”
John continued, “At the meeting in the Lounge that first night, Anne discovered there were three men from Chicago who had been hired to come to kill Marco when the bar closed that night.  Anne is an expert lip reader and observer.  She happened to notice them.  She read their lips and learned about their plot.  I told Marco about their plan.  He stopped them, investigated.  and discovered it was true.  What we didn’t learn until much later was that Marco had just been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and had been told he had only a few months to live.  He was amazed by Anne’s ability, and he took her under his wing.  I didn’t know anything about their growing friendship until much later.  Marco had been thinking a lot about his wife Sophia and his young daughter Angela who had been killed senselessly in a bank robbery many years before.  He later told me it was that event that pushed him into the mob seeking revenge for their death.  Something about Anne reminded him of his daughter.  When he learned her father had died recently, he became like a second father to her.  In the meantime, she had fallen in love with me, but she didn’t know I was a policeman.”
“Marco called me and asked me to come up and see him about a job.  What I didn’t know was that he was really checking me out for Anne.  He was touched by her sweet innocence and wanted to make sure she wasn’t making a mistake.  He also wanted to make amends for the evil he had done in his past.  He told me he knew I was a cop, and that I was trying to get information on him. When he said that, I thought I was a dead man.  Instead, he helped Anne and me get together, and he planned and arranged our wedding.  He asked me to come and work for him so he could give me information on the crime bosses and corruption he had been part of.  I never lied to him, tricked him, or collected any information that he did not give to me voluntarily.  As you know, Anne became pregnant and had our twins just before Marco died from the cancer.
“After Marco died, we packed up the information and turned it over to the LA District Attorney’s office.  A few months ago, the police acted on the information and made numerous arrests.  Since that time, we have been travelling and trying to stay out of sight.  Another thing neither  Anne or I knew about was that he had changed his will and left everything to her and our children.  We did not ask for or expect any money from him.  Knowing that much of his money had not been earned legally, we decided to honor his desire to make amends for his past actions by creating MSA Foundation, a charitable organization, to help people, charities, and especially critically hurt or ill children.  Since travelling, we have made donations in excess of $15,000,000 to help various hospitals, charities, and individuals.  He also left us this property.  That brings us to where we are right now.  Marco and Anne both loved this place.  In the past, it has not been a safe or legitimate place for families or other honest people to stay.  We want to change that.  With your help, we want to make this resort a place where honest, hardworking people can come with their families.  We are thinking about opening a children’s hospital nearby where critically ill children can come and be treated.  The Resort will offer reasonably priced housing for the families of the patients.  No one will be turned away for lack of payment.  This is our dream for this beautiful place.”
“I know a lot of you worked for Marco for many years and are very loyal to him.  Anne and I both loved him very much.  We miss him and are trying to do what we believe would please him.  Because we loved him, our twins are named for Marco and his wife Sophia and his daughter Angela.   We hope you will want to stay on here and make this dream come true.  If you want to stay on and help us create that kind of place, we would be honored to have you work with us.  If you decide you don’t want to stay on here, we will do all that we can to help you find good jobs elsewhere.  Take some time and think about this.  Let us know what you want to do,” John finished.
Anne stood up and added, “Marco cared about each of you personally.  You were like family to him.  I know he helped some of you in the past when you were having problems.  I remember how kindly you accepted me and John.  We came to care about each of you also.  We want what is best for each of you.  Thank you for all you’ve done to help us in the past.  I am very happy to be back here now, but I also feel very sad because Marco isn’t here to share the good times with us.  I hope you will want to stay, but we wish you well whatever you choose to do.”
After a short time of questions and answers, the meeting ended, and the employees left.  As time went on most of the employees decided to stay.  A few of Marco’s ‘muscle men’ decided to stay to help protect Anne while John was in Los Angeles, but a few others decided to move on.  Anne and John gave each of them generous severance pay to help them get settled elsewhere.
After settling in at the resort, John called Joe and told him that he was ready to come back and be interviewed for the depositions.  Just as he expected, he had been subpoenaed to appear as a witness in most of the cases already set for trial.  Within the week, he returned to Los Angeles and began giving depositions.  He answered truthfully and carefully about how he had received the evidence and information that Marco had revealed to him.  Having been personally involved in every aspect of the case, he was a strong, clear witness for the total prosecution case.  When questions were raised about Anne and her connection with Marco, he answered carefully and truthfully that she had not been a part of any of the investigation and had no direct knowledge about what Marco revealed.
As expected, the first trials began with a lot of high priced attorneys defending their indicted defendants.  John was one of the first witnesses the Prosecution called.  He had frequently testified in other cases and was used to appearing in court.  No matter how hard the Defense attorneys attacked his testimony and tried to confuse him or break him down, he answered clearly and with strong conviction.  The jurors responded very well to his testimony, and all of the main defendants  in the first series of trials were convicted.
After the attorneys saw he was too strong a witness and couldn’t be rattled, they subpoenaed Anne to testify also. They hoped, because she was a woman and not used to appearing in court that they could get her upset, flustered, and rattled.  They hoped to discredit the reliability and motives behind the investigation.  They also hoped it would make John angry enough to react and make him look vindictive, biased, and unreliable.
Anne called John from the resort after receiving her first subpoena to appear as a defense witness.  Although she had expected to be called sooner or later, it still upset her.  “John,” she said after he answered the phone, “I finally got subpoenaed to appear in the next trial.  I don’t know why or what they expect to gain, but I guess I have to appear.”
“I was afraid they might go after you to discredit me and the investigation.  They may be rough on you, but you have the truth on your side.  I’ll be coming home tomorrow evening.  Try not to worry about it.  I’ll give you some pointers about how to be a strong witness.  I know you will do fine.  I wish I could shield you from this, but I can’t stop this from happening.  I love you, honey.  We will get through all of this together,” he added using their favorite saying.
“Thanks for the encouragement.  I’ve missed you so much.  Be careful driving home.  I want to feel your arms around me.  I know you’ve had to stay down there for the trials, but we’ve all missed you.  You won’t believe how much the twins have grown and changed since we got back to the resort.  I think they’ll be walking soon.  Hurry home to us.  I want to spend some quality time with you,” Anne murmured.
“I know what you mean.  I hate having to be away from you and our kids.  Give Bryan a big hug for me and kiss the twins.  I’ll be home as soon as I can get there,” John answered.
After getting off the phone, John turned to Joe and spat out angrily, “Well, they’ve finally summoned Anne into this mess!  I hate thinking about how they will treat her on the witness stand.  I know she’s done nothing wrong, but I know how nasty some of these attorneys and newsmen can be when they ask questions.  This is the one thing I have really been worried about.  I knew what I was getting into when I took on the assignment, but Anne is so sweet and innocent; I hate her being drug through all this filth!” he snarled.
“I know.  The best thing is that she really wasn’t involved in any of the gory details.  There isn’t much she could tell that could hurt the cases or make her look bad, is there?” he asked.
“No, Marco and I were always very careful to keep Anne out of the investigation.  We never discussed any people or details about his testimony when she was around.  Marco loved her and didn’t want her involved any more than I did.  I just know they will try to make her look like a scheming, money-hungry woman with bad moral character.  I remember how they insinuated that Marco and she were lovers, even hinting the twins were his.  Of course, that was nonsense, but you know how some people love scandals and enjoy believing the worst about people.  They’ll accuse her of things that  may cause her great embarrassment, not because it is true, but because it will be broadcast in the news on TV and in the papers.  She is the most loving, innocent, and gentlest woman I have ever known.  I hate having her and my kids drug through the mud because some slime-ball wants to worm his way out of a conviction,” John ranted angrily.
Joe put his hand on John’s shoulder and advised, “Calm down, John.  She needs you now to be her calm rock to steady her.  If you lose it now, you can’t help her. You need to help her understand what she may be facing.  We know she didn’t do anything but care for a sick old man who changed because of her influence.  If you want me to come up and help coach her and get her ready to face the reality of these trials and attorneys, I’ll come with you.”
“Thanks, Joe.  I know I can count on you.  You saw her from the beginning at the resort, and you know she is innocent of anything.  You’re right.  I need to make her understand how they will try to break her down.  I don’t want to cause her any pain, but she does need to understand how ugly and personal some of the questioning may become.  The attorney on this next case is one of the worst, sleaziest kind.  Just keep us in prayer.  We are going to need all the help we can get.  Sometimes I wish I had never gotten involved in any of this.  Of course, without Marco’s ‘matchmaking’ and helping us get together in the first place, Anne and I might never have met again, fallen in love, and been married.  I really owe a lot to Marco.  I know some people think we were in it for the money, but money never even entered our thoughts.  Hearing the reading of his will was the biggest shock of our lives.  It has never been used to help us live a rich lifestyle, but who is going to believe that?  Thanks to his bequest, we’ve been able to help a lot of people, charities, and medical institutions.  We never really believed Marco’s money was meant for us.  We believe it was his way of helping make amends for what he did in the past.  That’s why we set up the MSA Foundation and, since receiving it, we have only used it to help others.” John said.
“That’s what you need to stress.  Good is coming out of the evil past and is affecting many people in positive ways.  That might be something to have the Prosecution bring out in testimony.  I know you aren’t looking for praise, but it would help people understand that Marco had really changed, and his money is doing good things now.  It is being spent on others now and really hasn’t changed either of you,” Joe explained.
John shook his head and said, “I never thought about that.  I’m sure they will try to make her appear to be a gold digger after his money.  He did give her some fairly expensive gifts—including the car after she saved his life and  paying for our wedding.  He was always trying to give her gifts.   She was very careful not to mention anything she liked or wanted.  He had a desire to give her everything.  She finally told him to stop.  He still always made sure she had fresh flowers, just because he liked to see her smile.  That loving, giving side of Marco is something very few people would believe or understand, but he was always generous to his employees and friends.  After his death, we found out from many people how Marco had helped them when they had family, medical, or money problems.  That’s something good that people will never know about Marco based on the evidence he gave.  He didn’t pull any punches and admitted so much that he had done that was wrong.  He certainly wasn’t a saint, but he changed more than anyone will ever know; and, I believe, it was all due to Anne’s influence.”
“I know what you mean.  I still remember how her ability to read lips thwarted the attempt on his life.  She was amazing.  I remember how scared she had been and yet so strong also.  People who have met her or just talked to her will know she is innocent.    My family and I will pray for her to be protected and led by God during this.  Everyone she has touched—from her young patients to the ones who have been helped by her charities--will know and support her,” Joe added as they walked out to their cars. 
“I’ll call you if I think of anything I need.  I appreciate your support, Joe. You’ve been a good friend and a loyal partner!  It really means a lot to me,” John said as he drove out of the parking lot.
Chapter 16
Although it was a long drive, John was happy to be heading home.  He smiled as he thought about the first time he had driven Anne back to Los Angeles after she had saved Marco’s life.  He remembered how she had leaned against him and shyly kissed his cheek before falling asleep.  He had realized, even then, that he was in love with her.  He smiled to himself as he remembered how beautiful she had looked.  “Soon,” he said out loud.  “Soon, Anne, I will hold you in my arms again.  How I miss you and love you!  What a wonderful wife and mother you are.  I am so blessed to be married to you.”
Anne was in the suite with Bryan when he arrived that evening.  He tiptoed in and watched them laughing and feeding the twins.  Finally, he spoke.  Bryan jumped up, dashed across the room and propelled himself into John’s arms.  John lifted him up and spun him around.  Bryan laughed and gave him a big hug and kiss.  Anne watched them and laughed to see how happy they were to be together again.  She wiped her hands off and hurried over to join them.  John grabbed her and gave her a happy kiss.  With one arm draped around her shoulder and the other around Bryan, they walked together over to the twins.  Marco and Angela’s faces were covered with baby food since they were beginning to feed themselves.  
John bent down and kissed each of them in turn. “I see you two are eating peas and carrots tonight.  Have you been good for your mommy?” he asked quietly.  They smiled and cooed happily.
Bryan laughed and pointed to his face. “Hey, Dad, it looks like you’ve been eating carrots and peas, too.”
“I’ll bet it does.  The twins are very generous and were just sharing with me.  Anne, come and let me give you another kiss,” he said reaching out towards her.
Anne laughed and kissed him.  Bryan chuckled and smeared some carrots and peas on his face, too.  “Now we look like a proper, well-fed family,” he giggled.
“You’ll never know how much I’ve missed all of you.  Messy faces or not, I still love kissing you.  It is so good to be home.  What’s new?” John asked.
“I’ve been taking swimming lessons, and I can dive into the deep end,” Bryan reported proudly.
“That’s great, son.  I’m proud of you.  How have you been feeling?” John asked.
“I feel wonderful.  The doctor said my legs are growing stronger, and I don’t have any more pain in them.  I think using them in the pool has helped them a lot.  Mom comes down sometimes after the lesson and swims with me. Even the twins like to splash around in the shallow end.  Do you want to go swimming with me later?” Bryan asked.
“I think it’s a little too cold tonight, but I’d like to watch your lesson tomorrow, and then race you across the pool,” John laughed, gently tousling Bryan’s hair. “Does that sound OK to you?”
“It sounds wonderful to me,” Bryan answered hugging him again.
All serious talk was postponed so John could just relax and catch up on some family time with the kids.  At bedtime, he sat by the twins and read a story to them.  Later, he tucked them in and kissed them on the forehead.  Anne said goodnight and they tiptoed out of the bedroom.  
Bryan was working on a jigsaw puzzle.  John sat down at the desk with him, and they talked quietly as they worked on the puzzle together.  John looked at the picture on the box.  “That picture looks like the Golden Gate Bridge,” John exclaimed.
“I know, Dad,” Bryan exclaimed.  “That’s why I chose that puzzle.  It reminded me of our trip and how wonderful it was to be part of this family.  I like looking at the book we made of our trip.  I’m so glad Mom had me to do that project.  The other day, the twins came in my room when I was looking at it.  I showed them the picture we took of them that day.  They giggled, but I don’t know if they really understood the picture was of them.  I can’t wait until they get older and we can look at it together.  We sure saw a lot of wonderful things on our trip, and we met a lot of nice people, too.  I got a letter from Jeff, the boy we met and went to the fair with in San Antonio, Texas.  He was so happy and excited.  His mom started the new medication and therapy four months ago.  She is doing so well now.  He said it is like a miracle because she can walk again now and is able to stand and cook again without pain or getting tired.  Dad, isn’t that wonderful?  I know Mom got a letter from Bill and Madge, too.  I feel so happy for Jeff.  He isn’t scared and worried about his mom any more.  I liked going to the fair with him, but he was feeling really sad then,  I wish we could visit with them again.  I can still remember how delicious her lasagna was, too. I’d like to see for myself how she is doing.  I also would like to play that video game with him again.”
“I’ll bet you wouldn’t mind eating more of her cake,: John kidded.  “I wouldn’t mind having more of her great cooking either.  When all these trials are over, maybe we can go back and see them.  There is still a lot of country to see, too.  We’ll have to talk to your mom about it,” John answered.
Later that night, John and Anne went in to Bryan’s room to say good night and tuck him in.
“Mom, when will you and Dad stop coming in to tuck me in?” Bryan asked.
“Does it bother you or make you feel like we’re treating you like a baby?” Anne asked softly.
“No, I like it.  I just wondered when will I be too grown up to be tucked in?” 
“I guess when you are married and have children of your own!  I love being here to tuck you in, but I don’t think your wife would want us barging in to do it,” John added with a laugh.
“I guess we’ll keep on doing it until you decide you don’t want us to do it any longer,” Anne said.  “Like your dad said, it is one of my favorite things to do.  I like saying prayers with you and telling you how much I love you.  My dad tucked me in until I left for college.  When I moved back in after he was ill, he came into my room and kissed me good night until he got too sick to do it.  When that happened, I would go into his room and be sure he was comfortable for the night; then I’d kiss him good night.  I love ending the day with my family.  I treasure every day and night I have with each of you,” Anne said.
“I agree with your mom. I’ll be right here with her every night for as long as I am able.  Good night, Bryan.  Sleep well and have good dreams.  I’ll see you in the morning.  Don’t forget we have plans to go swimming tomorrow,” John said after kissing his forehead.
After they walked out of Bryan’s room, they walked over to their bedroom.  “I’m so happy you’re home, John.  I have really missed you.  You must be exhausted from all the driving and all the stress of the work you’ve been doing in Los Angeles.  I try to follow the news about the trials, but  I don’t want to hear too much about it in case I have to testify.  Come to bed.  Let’s enjoy some special time together.”
“I still love the way you think.  I am tired, but I’m never too tired to snuggle with you.  I was thinking about you and us all the way home tonight.  Every time I have to be away from you, I feel like part of me is missing. I thought when I married you that I knew all about love, but I realize I love you a hundred times more now than I did then.  Being with you had just increased my love and my desire to be with you.  Please come and love me, Anne.  I need to feel you in my arms,” John whispered as he pulled her into his embrace.
Anne melted into his arms and covered his face with kisses.  Slowly, he undressed her and pulled her down on the bed next to him.  He drew her close and held her as if he would never let her go. Slowly he began making love to her. With infinite tenderness, they caressed and pleasured each other.  Finally he curled up with her tight in his arms.  He whispered words of love to her, and they fell into a deep, healing sleep.
In the morning they awoke relaxed and eager to face another day together.  Before the children woke up, John began talking to Anne about the kinds of things that the attorneys might bring up when she was on the witness stand.  Anne covered her face and shivered as he said one misleading statement they might make after another.  He held her close and explained what they would be trying to do and why they were doing it.
“Oh, John, how can I get through this?  I hate having all this brought up, but I know you are right.  They want to discredit you and me and make the investigation look like something dirty and shameful.  What can I do?  How can I answer all these things?” she asked.
“Just be yourself, Anne.  You are the most honest, honorable and loving person I have ever known.  Always remember that.  You haven’t done anything wrong.  You have nothing to be ashamed of or guilty about.  Don’t let them get to you!  You are armed with the truth and your own beautiful character.  The worse they act toward you, the uglier their questions and behavior are, the more loving and good you will appear.  There are some very important things for you to remember about testifying in court.  First, you are not the criminal.  You must only answer the truth.  The truth is your strongest defense against these scheming lawyers for the mob bosses.  Listen carefully to their questions.  Only answer what they ask of you.  Don’t volunteer any added information.  They will try to trick you, confuse you, and try to make you appear unsure of yourself.  They will try to twist anything you say against you,” John explained patiently.
“I don’t know how you can handle it so calmly.  I’m afraid I won’t do as well as you,” Anne said anxiously.
“Anne, don’t be afraid.  You will be covered with the prayers of many people, and I know God will lead you.  Remember the truth will set you free.  The honest truth is you only knew the ‘changed’ Marco.  You don’t know anything about what he disclosed to me.  All you can testify about is what you personally know from hearing him talk or from observing him.  He loved you and made sure we never discussed anyone or anything about these people when you were around.  That is what you need to remember.  You are a strong, beautiful, and brave woman.  No one who knows you or is around you for long can deny that.  I just want you to understand what you may be exposed to in court,” he reminded her.
“As long as I can see you and know you are there, I can be strong.  I hate having to testify, but I will be brave, like you, my husband.  I love you so much, John,” Anne said softly.
“Anne, I will be as close to your side as I am allowed to be.  The problem is I will not be allowed in the courtroom while you are testifying.  Just like now, you could not be in there when I give my testimony, because it might taint your memory or testimony.  I will be waiting just outside the door, and I will be holding you up in prayer the entire time.  Joe may be allowed inside, but maybe he will also be excluded.  No matter what they ask, just keep repeating in your mind, ‘We will get through this together,’” John repeated.  “Come, now, let’s put this out of mind and enjoy every minute together.  If you want to talk about it again later, please ask me about anything.   I know you and I have complete confidence in you, Anne.  Let’s go see what mischief the kids may be getting into now.  Thanks for loving me, sweet Angel,” John said with a hug.
Even though time passed by quickly, John and Anne concentrated on being parents and on running the resort and making decisions about requests for help received by MSA.  Because of their careful investigation and accurate bookkeeping, the foundation’s record was clear and open to public record.  Anne was totally involved in the running of the foundation and was ready in case anyone questioned her use of ‘Marco’s’ money for their personal use.  Anne spent time with John and became knowledgeable about the financial condition and running of the resort.  Thanks to John’s changes, the resort was making a good profit without any of the gambling, drug activities, and prostitution that was common when Anne first arrived at the resort.
The more Anne learned, the more confident she was that she could answer questions about the changes since Marco’s death.  She prayed about it and trusted God to guide her in everything she was called upon to talk about.  The weekend before she was supposed to testify in court, John and Anne left the resort and headed down to his new apartment.  She had a couple of trusted employees who were going to take care of the children. Anne hated leaving them behind, but she clearly did not want them to become part of any media frenzy.  She spoke to Bryan several times a day. She missed Bryan and the twins terribly, but knew it was best for them.
The day finally came when she was scheduled to testify.  John walked with her through the throngs of reporters and photographers waiting outside the courthouse, and escorted her into the court building.  He sat with her in the hallway outside the courtroom door, holding her hand while they waited for her appearance.  When the Court Bailiff came outside and called her name, John gave her a kiss and watched her as she walked quietly into the courtroom. 
After she approached the witness stand, the courtroom clerk had her raise her right hand and she was sworn in ‘to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.’  She answered loudly and clearly and took the witness stand.  Before answering the first question, she took a deep breath and repeated mentally, “We’ll get through this together.  I know God is with me, and John is praying for me”  The first questions were fairly routine.  She settled in and waited for things to get more personal.  It didn’t take long for the first loaded question to be asked.
“Isn’t it true that you were at one time Mr. Martinelli’s girlfriend?”
Anne took a breath and answered calmly. “No, Mr. Martinelli and I were friends, and I was a young woman, but we were never boyfriend or girlfriend in any romantic sense.”
“Now, Mrs. Williamson, we have many people who will testify that they saw you holding hands, hugging, and kissing.  Do you deny that this picture, exhibit 54, is a picture of Mr. Martinelli with his arm around you giving you a kiss?”
“I agree that is a picture of Mr. Martinelli hugging me and giving me a kiss.  It was taken just after he walked me down the aisle when I was about to marry my husband John Williamson.”
“Do you honestly expect us to believe that you and he were just ‘friends’?  Isn’t it true that he gave you a car and other expensive gifts and left you a huge sum of money?  What kind of ‘friend’ were you to receive all those gifts and  money?” he asked with a sneer. 
“I have no idea what you will believe.  I just know the truth.  We were friends.  Actually, Marco was like a father to me.  He knew I was still mourning my father’s death when we first met.  He acted like a kind, caring friend, and he always treated me with respect just as if I were his daughter, and I came to love him as a father.”
“Isn’t it true that he is the real father of your babies?  You were living with him when the children were conceived, isn’t that true?”
“It is true that I was living at his resort when my twins were conceived,” Anne admitted,” but my husband was the one living with me, not Mr. Martinelli.”
“Your son bears Mr. Martinelli’s name.  He is the father of your twins,” the attorney interrupted with a pleased smile.
“No, that is not true.  Mr. Martinelli helped John and me get married.  John and I were married at the resort just before John came to work for Marco.  Mr. Martinelli was grateful to me because I saved his life.  He befriended me and he planned and paid for my wedding, because he knew my own father was dead.  He arranged for and he  paid all the wedding expenses.  He escorted me down the aisle and gave me away in my father’s place.  John Williamson, my husband,  is the only man I have ever loved or been intimate with.  I am very proud to say he is definitely the father of our twins.”
“If he wasn’t intimately involved with you, why did he lavish gifts on you and give you a free place to live in a room next to his own suite?” he insinuated.
“He said I reminded him of his own daughter Sophia who died tragically.  He treated me like a father and said he wanted me and my children to be taken care of.” Anne said calmly.  “Although I didn’t learn until many months later, Mr. Martinelli had been diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer  just before I met him for the first time.  He knew he had only a few months to live.  I only learned of his medical condition about two months before my twins were born.  He died about two weeks after their birth.  He was sick and lonely, and I helped take care of him.  That is why we lived so close to his private suite.”
“How many illegal dealings did you observe or learn Mr. Martinelli committed while you were ‘friends’ with him?” the lawyer asked.
“That’s an easy question.  I never saw him do anything illegal, and I never heard him discuss anything involving his business dealings or associates past or present,,” Anne answered quickly.
“Do you honestly expect us to believe you had no knowledge of his activities or of the information he was telling your husband?” he asked.
“As I said before, I have no control over what you will believe, but I know that I never heard any of the discussions concerning his business dealings, either legal or illegal.  Marco never told me anything about his past business dealings, except to say that he was ashamed of many things he had done in the past,” Anne answered honestly.
“Is it true he left all his estate to you, a sum of several million dollars?  How can you explain that if you were just a ‘friend’, even a ‘close personal friend’?” he asked.
“Mr. Martinelli left several bequests to friends and employees and large donations to the Cancer Society and several other charities that he thought highly of in his lifetime.  He did not tell either John or me that we had been named in his Will.  The announcement was a complete shock to us.  We never asked for money and did not expect to get anything from him or his estate.  He left trust funds for the twins and our older son, also.  He did leave the bulk of his property and money to John and me.  We have created the MSA Foundation in his honor and are using the money to help individual people, charities, hospitals, and other organizations helping children and others with medical problems.  I believe he would approve of what we are doing theough the MSA Foundation.  He was always generous with his employees and friends.  We do not take any money from the foundation.  John supports us on his salary for managing the Resort.  All the other money is being accounted for by the Foundation accountants and attorneys.  Our business records and books for the resort and for the MSA Foundation are all here and are open for inspection by the court, if the court feels it is important to this proceeding.  We have nothing to hide.  As our records will show, in the firstsix months, we have given grants and donations totaling approximately 60 million dollars to hospitals, charities, and a few individuals throughout the United States.  We are also helping build  a hospital in Uganda to treat families affected by AIDS.  Through the auspices of MSA Foundation, John and I are in the planning stages of building a Critical Care Treatment Center and Hospital for children with life threatening diseases or catastrophic injuries on land adjacent to the resort.  The Resort was one of Marco’s favorite places.  Parents and families of patients will be given low cost or free places to stay so they can be near their children during treatment.  It will be operated on a low cost basis and, if funding continues, no one will be turned away because of lack of money, like St. Jude’s Hospital’s programs.  It is still in the planning stages, but we hope to begin breaking ground for the hospital in the next six months.  Mr. Martinelli loved children and had helped many of his employees and their families when they had medical problems.  I believe he left the money to John and me because he trusted us to use it wisely to help others.”
After saying this, several people clapped their approval of what Anne had said.
“If there are any further outbursts from the courtroom, we will have it cleared,” the judge cautioned sternly. 
After several more questions, the Defense Attorney said, “I have no further questions of this witness.”  He walked glumly back to his table and sat down.
The Prosecuting Attorney said, “I have a few more questions of this witness.  Mrs. Williamson, did anyone coach you or tell you what to say while you were testifying?”
“Yes, my husband gave me some advice on what to say?” Anne admitted.
“What did he tell you to say?” he asked quickly.
“My husband John told me to just tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.  That is exactly what I have done to the best of my ability,” Anne said simply.
“Why did you name your twins Marco Robert Williamson and Angela Sophia Williamson?” he asked.
“We both came to know and love Marco like a father.  He dearly loved his wife Sophia and his beautiful daughter Angela.  They were killed by gunmen who robbed a bank where they were waiting in line.  He never stopped loving them and missing them.  When we learned we were expecting a baby, we decided to name him after our dear friend Marco who helped bring us together.  When we learned I was having twins, it seemed perfect to name the little girl Angela Sophia Williamson., after his wife and daughter, and Marco after him.  Marco died within a week of their birth. He fought so hard to stay alive so he could see them and hold them.  He was able to hold them, and that made him very happy,” Anne said with tears running down her cheeks.  “I’m sorry to cry, but I loved him, and I still miss him.  I understand Marco did many wrong things in his life,, but that angry, cold, vengeful Marco was not the same Marco that I knew at the end of his life.  He had truly changed, and I am very proud  to say, in spite of all you may have heard about him, he was my dear friend and I loved him.”
After being excused by the Prosecution and Defense attorneys, Anne was thanked and excused from the witness stand.  She walked silently down the aisle and out the door.  When she walked out into the hallway, John saw the tears on her face,  and he rushed to her side.  “Are you all right?  Anne, was it too much for you to bear?” he asked anxiously.
Anne hugged him close, looked into his eyes, and smiled, “No, John.  It was all right.  I could feel your prayers, and I felt calm and peaceful until the last question by the Prosecution.  I’m glad he asked me about the twins.  I wanted the world to hear that Marco was not a horrible, heartless monster, especially not the way he was at the end with the twins and Bryan.  That was why I was crying.  I could hear you in my mind saying, “We will get through this together.”
John hugged her and said, “Come on, Anne.  Let’s go home and see our kids.  I’m so glad this is over.  Now we have the rest of our life to live together,”
“That sounds wonderful to me.  I’m ready to go anywhere with you.  I love you,” Anne whispered.  They walked out through the waiting reporters, got into their car, and left for the resort and years of loving each other.

Post Script
Although their story ends here, I wanted to give you a little more information.  John and Anne lived together happily until John’s death just before their fortieth anniversary.   They had two more children and lived to see ten grandchildren born. They built their Critical Care Center near the resort.  It brought hope, compassion, and affordable health care for hundreds of patients over the years.  John served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Hospital.  Anne continued to work with the MSA Foundation and actively worked to make sure each patient at their hospital received the best nursing care possible.  
Each week, John and Anne visited with their young patients.  As a teen, Bryan volunteered at the children’s hospital.  When he grew up, he went to medical school, became a pediatrician, and came back to work at the hospital.  He is currently the Director of the Oncology Department.
Angela continued in her mother’s footsteps and become a nurse.  She met and married Terrance Jenkins, a young doctor who came to work at the children’s hospital.  They stayed on after John’s death.  Terry became the administrator of the hospital.  Angela became head of the nursing staff and helped Anne with the running of the MSA foundation.
George and Henry, the second set of twins, born three years after the end of this story, also worked tirelessly at the resort.  George became a respected lawyer, and Henry became a financial consultant.  They all continue to work together to make sure their parent’s dreams continued to grow and be successful.
After Anne’s death at 78, my four brothers and I assumed control of my parent’s estate.  The hospital has continued to grow and improve over the years.  It is still operating today.  I know Marco, John, and Anne are looking down on us from heaven.  We still live by their favorite expression, “We will get through this together.”
Just like my parents, we continue to live by their favorite saying, “We will get through this together.”  Proudly I finish this story about my family so their life and love will never be forgotten.  
As always,
Angela Sophia Williamson Jenkins.
February 11, 2001

Book Notes and Disclaimer
All of the characters, situations, and plot ideas in this book are totally fictitious and are the product of the author’s imagination and are not based on any person living or dead.  The story was written strictly for the purpose of entertaining the reader.  Any resemblance to any real person, living or dead, is purely co-incidental.
About the Author
Mary has enjoyed writing all of her life, but has just begun sharing her stories.  She has worn many different hats in her lifetime.  She worked as a church secretary and proofreader in a small weekly newspaper in California while in high school and college.  She taught for seven years before stopping to adopt her son.  While her son was growing up, she managed a camera store for three years and then worked ten years in a municipal court system in California as a courtroom clerk. Next, she returned to teaching at a boarding school on the Navajo Indian Reservation in Kayenta, Arizona, teaching there for two years.  She finished her teaching career teaching seventh and eight grade special education students for fifteen years in Globe, Arizona.  After retiring in 2005, she moved to Oracle, Arizona, to be closer to her family--her son, daughter-in-law, and her three wonderful grandchildren.
She is active in her church and enjoys Bible studies and working with other believers.  In her free time, she enjoys playing canasta and hand and foot,  reading and writing, and volunteering at a local pregnancy care center.  Within the next few months, she is planning to publish more of her stories for your enjoyment.  Check back at Smashwords.com or at your ebook supplier to see if she has any new books you might like to read.
