Soul Sacrifice
Annie Nadine
This book was self-published by the author Annie Nadine Cecil.
Copyright © Annie Nadine
All rights reserved.
The right for Annie Nadine Cecil to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her under the Copyright Amendment (Moral Rights) Act 2000.
The moral right of the author has been asserted.
This work is copyright. Apart from any use as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968, no part may be reproduced, copied, scanned, stored in a retrieval system, recorded or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without prior written permission of the publisher.
Cecil, Annie Nadine.
Soul Sacrifice / Annie Nadine.

PROLOGUE:
May 1805

The night was warm and the breeze was cool, which made a pleasant combination.  The institution was abuzz with the news that Baden had been released. It had been a few weeks now but it still was the main topic of conversation amongst most everybody. Girls dreaming of meeting him, men wanting to defeat him and all the while one lay seemingly lifeless in a room upstairs, oblivious to the chaos his unexpected sacrifice had caused in so many lives. Never decaying but remaining pristine as he looked as if he were sleeping.
The very few who knew he was there had lost hope that he was ever going to recover but they could not bring themselves to say so. So they remained as hopeful as they could, trying to avoid thinking that it seemed he would be forever a perfect relic.
“I think Annie is getting worse,” Martha quietly commented to Everard as they walked towards the room to visit a lifeless Jory.
They visited on occasion thinking it might help but recently they started to avoid the room as it brought only worry that nothing was changing. They quietly walked in and Martha took a seat while Everard stood silently, trying to think of something that would fix everything. He came up short, as he always did when trying to rectify everyone’s problems.
“I think if you maybe visited Annie…” Martha suggested and something happened when she said that name.
She hadn’t noticed it the other times they said the name but this time she did. A noise…a sound…coming from where they dare not hope it came from. The two froze and looked over to the bed but he just lay there, still.
“Annie,” Martha repeated and they heard it again.
If they didn’t know any better they would place it as a heartbeat. One single, solitary heartbeat.
“Did you hear that?” Martha asked breathlessly. They walked over to the edge of the bed as quietly as they could and stared at him. Could he hear them? Was he alive? What was he thinking of? If only they knew…

It was another time yet a time quite like their own. Wars had been fought, diseases plagued mankind and people loved and lost. Still, all that remained was his love for her. His love for Annie.
He felt different. Things didn’t seem real and maybe they weren’t? He didn’t think he was breathing but it felt like he had life within him, a life that he should have been living. A life that was meant to be his. In this reality there were no soul snatchers or trackers, no half breeds like he once was. All who were dead were buried far beneath the ground where they were meant to be and everyone who was alive had earned their stay on the earth, merely by being lucky.
He walked across the grassy field, his tan skin drinking in the sun, his crisp white shirt unbuttoned at the top and rolled to his elbow at the sleeves. As usual his black pants were wrapped around him tightly with a belt. He walked with grace and speed as the breeze blew gently through his hair and he looked handsome as he moved. He spotted her near the tall grass by the willow tree.
His Annie.
She was lit softly by the afternoon sun and her hair reflected the hidden cherry red amongst the black as she peered down at the book in her lap. The soft pink of her dress brought out her rosy cheeks and creamy skin.
She hadn’t noticed him coming yet and she had no idea the joy she brought to his heart at just the thought of her. She twirled a tress of her hair between her delicate fingers concentrating on the words she was reading, feeling them. Her brow was furrowed and the love he felt overwhelmed him, bringing a smile to his face. She looked up when she heard him wading through the long grass and a smile already lived on her face before she saw him, for she knew it would be him. It always would be him.
“I missed you,” he said as she dropped the book to the ground and stood to greet him.
Their arms wrapped around each other as they should for they were in love and no one else was in the way. Their kiss was soft and sweet and warmed inside them where the sun would never reach.
“I love you,” she whispered when their lips parted. He pulled her closer, holding the small of her back like it was precious to him, because it was.
Her long hair fell onto his hands and softly brushed against them, sending a chill through him. She reached up to kiss him again and he melted against her. Their kisses turning to more than just kisses but rather drops of themselves spilling into each other. Falling onto the grass beneath them they were hidden from sight by the long grass and could become as mischievous as they wanted. She let out a giggle that drifted away with the afternoon breeze as he nuzzled her neck, playfully grazing his teeth against her skin.
The playfulness fell away soon and their kisses became more intense and eager for each other. Losing themselves in their love they enjoyed their closeness and intimacy that was theirs alone.
“Baden,” she whispered into his ear and he froze. He moved his head away and looked at her hoping that he had heard wrong.
“What did you say?” He asked feeling like his joy had been ripped from him. Her smile faded and she started to laugh expecting him to lose the joke.
“Do not be silly,” she said as he slipped away from her embrace.
He looked over to see a small pond nearby and he ran to it, panicked as it all started to make sense. As he made it to the water’s edge he fell to his knees and peered into his reflection. To his horror Baden stared back at him, he was Baden.
“What are you doing?” She asked from behind looking at him a little frightened. He turned to her with the shock written on his face.
“I am Jory,” he said pleadingly still bent over the pond looking back at her.
“Who is Jory?” She asked as if she had never known him.
And right there his heart broke as it did at the end of every dream. Though every dream had been in different places and he never expected the ending that always came. He was left broken once again as he realised that the only one he had ever wanted, wanted someone else. And just when his soul would start to stir back to life it was shattered again by knowing that he didn’t have her.
So Jory lived in his torment and hell, a moment of utopia to be washed away by the only pain that could truly hurt him. Would the dreaming ever end? Was he willing to give up his only moments with her, though brief and untrue, culminating in anguish? The frightening part was that he wasn’t sure if he wanted to or if he ever could.

CHAPTER 1:

September 1805

Pain is like the sun. Though it sets it never stops existing and sure enough it returns after setting…and it burns.
Love is like the moon. In all the darkness of the night it is your only solace and you would give anything for it to remain full. You would give anything just to touch the gentleness of it. Somehow it feels out of reach, always reflecting the rays of hurt from the sun…the pain.
Annie was constantly left with these thoughts. At first they were all she could think of but as time slipped away and life moved slowly around they dulled to a background roar, like waves crashing against the sand. To others it might sound beautiful but to her it was just another reminder of…him. She still couldn’t say his name and she hadn’t been back to his grave since that first time.
Baden knew she still wasn’t whole but he never lost patience with her. Or was it that she was just different now? He still loved her with everything in him but a part of her was broken and he was taking special care to put every piece back together.
However patient he was he still found himself becoming jealous whenever he found out something intimate between Annie and Jory. Like when Baden lay with Annie as she tried to sleep for the first time she cried so hard he was scared she would die but she explained it was because Jory usually slept with her. It felt like his soul clenched inside him and he wanted to smash the bed apart and burn it before scattering the ashes into the ocean. But he had held himself back, letting out a tight lipped smile that went unnoticed by Annie.
At times when they were moving into a more private time with each other Annie would find herself steering away from going too far. Which wasn’t difficult for Baden to respect but it was the fact he suspected it was because of Jory and he was right. Annie would never admit it, even to herself, but it felt like she was cheating on Jory somehow by being with Baden, kissing him and loving him. She had everything she wanted…well almost everything. Wanting Baden as much as she did just filled her with guilt.
Though her soul was still more beautiful to him than any other, there was an ever present shadow over it. Her pain had become so stitched through her that it was starting to cover the light and the scent of what made her soul special. With every piece of her that he placed back together her true soul shone through but soon enough the pain had managed to cover a different part of her. He could barely stand to watch it.
Seeing that Annie was struggling, Baden suggested they wait until they were married to take their physical relationship any further…however challenging that might be. It was really to give Annie the excuse and time she needed to work through how she felt. So without setting a date for a wedding or even proposing, their celibacy became continuous.
Though Annie did find it increasingly hard to not be with Baden in that way the other part of her, the Jory part, was fighting hard against her desires. It was as if he was standing in the room making it almost impossible to ignore.
But Baden would wait, as he always would for Annie. It was more acceptable this way, to wait until they were married. Not that he really cared about what others thought. He just wanted to make sure he valued Annie the way she deserved.
He distinctly remembered his father sitting him and Eli down when they were young and explaining how to treat a woman. His father’s actions spoke louder than his words because he had loved their mother to no end and it had sunk deep into Baden. It made him more ashamed of the things he had done in his past, made it all the more haunting but loving Annie felt like a form of absolution. Loving someone entirely, unconditionally, with everything of him. Loving Annie in all of her perfectness and loveliness.
And in the moments he felt like he had been given too much and went quiet with guilt Annie would somehow bring him back and rescue him from himself. Through all of her own pain she still looked after him and cared for him. She still loved him and it softened his soul more each day.
“Any softer and you would be a pillow,” she said with a smile one day when he had told her this.
“Any lovelier and I will wake to find you are but a dream, too perfect to exist,” he said gathering her into his arms.
The fact that Baden could pull her out of her misery, for even a moment, showed how strong her feelings were for him and in turn it showed the extent of her misery.
As for the situation of Annie being turned into a soul snatcher, well that was a topic she tried to avoid all together. She had said she wanted to wait until she was the same age Baden had been when he was changed but that was only a small part of the reason. The real reason was that she couldn’t bear the thought of being changed so close to Jory’s death because she and Jory had planned on going through that together. To wake up completely different all by herself felt lonely and altogether frightening, especially when she was meant to have him by her side. To share it with him. Though everyone had their reservations on the idea due to her safety they decided to humor her for the time being. They didn’t want to push her into something she wasn’t ready for, even though their common sense was gnawing at them to hurry it along.
So, on they all went with their lives; Martha and Everard spending most of their time at the institution, visiting infrequently and Martha more than Everard. Annie lived with Adam, Stewart and Baden in the manor. Baden was generous enough to supply the men with their everyday needs…well the only need being clothing really. He allowed them to build up a hefty tab in his name at Antoinette’s shop. Of course she didn’t mind the job of outfitting the two strapping gentlemen. Baden didn’t mind the cost at all, he had enough money for everyone and he didn’t care what was done with it.
Occasionally Annie would sneak out to the barn to be alone. Every now and then Micah would visit then run away like a little mouse before anyone could catch them. He made her laugh and it felt good, it started to feel like old times but this time it was a real friendship forming not one based on lies and agendas.
Though one day Baden had found them in their fun and became furious at the danger she was putting herself in. She stood up to him of course and seeing no use in fighting her he and the others reluctantly allowed Micah to visit under their strict supervision. The only rule was he was not allowed anywhere near the house when Martha and/or Everard were visiting. Micah accepted their generous offer humbly and as much as it annoyed each of the men to admit it they were starting to see that Micah might have actually changed.

One night as Baden lay beside a sleeping Annie, as he did every night, she stirred from her light slumber and looked around dazed. Her thin nightdress was caught around her legs and her hair was a tangled mess as she looked around lost until she found him next to her.
“Baden,” she whispered his name feeling her panic ease at seeing him.
She fell back onto the pillow and curled into him, which he rather liked. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close. The warm bare skin of his chest felt nice to touch and she enjoyed that he was only wearing long johns.
“Annie,” he said mimicking the way she had said his name because he liked the way she had sounded. It didn’t have quite the same effect but still.
“I want to marry you,” she said in her sleepy haze and he froze at her words.
He didn’t think she realised what she was even saying but the thought must have been on her mind to say it…to possibly be dreaming of it. Her soul looked closer to what it had always been whilst she slept that night and it made him happy.
What he didn’t know was that she had been dreaming of them getting married and that everything was as it should be, no pain or loss and it was just the two of them. He kissed her head as she mumbled something inaudible then she drifted back into her dream. Her dream of Baden.
Baden quietly slipped off the bed and crept out of the room. He didn’t want to leave Annie for a moment but he had to tell someone what he just heard. He rushed around the house until he found Adam and Stewart in the library musing over some poems that they were reading. They sat in casual, everyday clothes and if anyone else saw them they probably would have laughed because it was the middle of the night but Baden was used to it. The two men sat in their own reading chairs by the lit fire as they talked.
Both of them looked up at Baden in question when he just stood there looking at them without speaking a word. They were completely unfazed by the lack of clothing he was wearing.
“Is there something you would like to say?” Stewart asked trying to hide a smile. He could see Baden seemed flustered by something and it wasn’t often that happened.
“Yes,” Baden answered but didn’t elaborate.
“Would you like to tell us or should we guess?” Adam teased and dropped the smile when Baden glared at him.
“I want to ask Annie to marry me,” he announced and both Adam and Stewart’s eyes widened and mouth fell agape with surprise. He looked at them brows raised, to try and spur on a reaction and when they could see he was waiting for them Stewart chimed in.
“That is….” He looked at Adam for some help.
“Excellent,” Adam said after sifting through a group of discouraging words to find a positive one. Baden usually gave them their privacy but this time he decided to peek into their soul and he could see their hesitation.
“You both think that I am making a mistake?” Baden accused, anger obvious in his voice.
“No!” Adam and Stewart chorused together seeming a little frazzled. They looked at each other with a scolding expression.
“It is just….” Stewart faltered. “Should you wait?” Baden’s look forced his next words. “Not too long…”
“Do you doubt her love for me?” Baden asked and Stewart’s eyes filled with panic.
“No!” Adam jumped in. “No, not at all. Her devotion and love for you is quite clear.”
“However,” Stewart carried on where Adam left off. “She still seems….” He couldn’t quite find the word.
“Bereft,” Adam tried. Baden looked almost enraged at the word. “Not bereft!” He retracted in panic, trying to rectify his mistake.
“Baden,” Stewart said as evenly as he could to try to calm Baden’s rising anger. “You must admit yourself that she seems a little…lost.”
Baden thought for a moment as he took in his friend’s words. Without thinking he sat down on the brown leather divan close by, the seat already warmed from the fire.
“She just told me that she wanted to marry me,” he reasoned. The surprise was obvious on Adam and Stewart’s face so he confessed the detail he omitted. “I am not certain if she was completely awake…but she said it none the less.” Adam and Stewart looked at each other then back to Baden.
“At the end of it all, it is obviously your choice,” Stewart said deciding that he had already volunteered his opinion and didn’t need to say anything further.
“Well…in that case I am going to ask her,” Baden declared, deciding that even though Annie was hurting she still desired to be with him and obviously wanted to marry him.
“Then I suppose we best get to planning,” Adam suggested enthusiastically. No use in fighting someone when they had already made up their mind. And in truth Adam and Stewart were elated for both their friend’s future.
So Adam and Stewart placed their poetry books down and Adam quickly grabbed some paper and a quill from a desk nearby and the men got to planning how it should all come to pass. A lot of the time Baden was quick to dismiss their ideas that didn’t sit right with him and they took it with a grain of salt because, quite frankly he didn’t really like most of their ideas.
In the end they all felt they had come up with something that would be unforgettable for Annie. They were happy to be part of something that was so uplifting after all of the burdening sorrow. Now it was simply a matter of when.

CHAPTER 2:

Baden lay with Annie on the bed one night talking as they did most every night. Even though it was raining outside and the weather was getting cooler she was wearing a rather light nightdress. Baden opted for just his long johns which she didn’t object to at all.
Sometimes they shared their dreams, other times their fears. Sometimes they talked about the useless, silly things because after exposing your soul to another so often it’s nice just to stay in the shallows and wade rather than in the deep and swim until your limbs hurt.
This particular night they were laughing at how Adam had done something clumsy, as he seemed to do often, even though he was a soul snatcher. It was an anomaly to them all because he was meant to be agile and graceful, which most of the time he was, but sometimes it was as if he forgot that he wasn’t human and would do something so clumsy it looked bizarre. This time, his mistake resulted in him trying to piece back together one of Martha’s expensive vases. The look of distress on Adam’s face, his frantic attempts to gather himself and the porcelain together were priceless.
Annie was clutching her stomach as tears of laughter rolled down her cheeks from the memory. She tried to say something but she couldn’t quite push the words out and it made Baden and her laugh even harder.
“You should tell him it was a family heirloom,” Baden said through his laughter.
They were crumpled on the bed with their faces close together on the pillow as they let out their fun together. After the laughter faded and Annie had wiped the tears from her face they drifted into a comfortable silence that brought them some peace. He fiddled with her hand and kissed it after a time.
“How are you?” He asked looking at her through her fingers. She let out a giggle that was left over from their boisterous laughter before she answered.
“I am good,” she answered looking at him as if he wasn’t making any sense.
“I mean, how are you?” He repeated trying to show his meaning without changing his words. She saw that he was referring to Jory and he hadn’t said his name because they had a strict ‘no naming’ policy.
“I…” She was about to lie and say she was fine but she decided not to.
There was no use in lying because she was so terrible at hiding her emotions. It’s not that she would want to keep anything from him, it’s just that she didn’t want to burden him with her pain.
So far she had been open with him about how she felt. Unless she thought it was something that would only hurt him, like the reason she didn’t want to be changed. In that case, as long as she knew the way she felt was going to change she decided to keep the process under wraps. He knew she was hurting and he knew why, no use adding more pain by showing how much she was hurting.
“I feel like it will get easier,” she said, sidestepping having to really answer.
It was the best she could do but it would do for now. Baden pulled her into his arms and she closed her eyes from the pleasure of it. If she was honest with herself, she actually did feel a little more… mended? Maybe that was too big a call but it was close enough.
“Can I take you out tomorrow?” He asked, his hand tickling along her back.
His touch started to send that certain tingle through her that made her forget who she was. Her nightdress was sheer and thin, him shirtless with sleepwear only on the bottom, not leaving much between them. She was enjoying touching his bare skin and their physical proximity became more distracting as the lighter mood from earlier drifted away.
“And where would you like to take me?” She said flirtatiously. He leaned his face towards hers and grazed his lips against her ear.
“To my secret lair so I can have you to myself,” he purred seductively and her face went warm from thoughts of what they might get up to in that ‘secret lair’. She wrapped her arms around his neck and brushed her face against his.
“And what will we be doing there?” She whispered not being able to muster her usual voice. He caught onto her meaning and couldn’t help the raised eyebrow that shot up of its own volition.
It was easy to get carried away and forget all the rules that you previously had in place when you loved someone and they were laying, half naked next to you.
“Well,” he whispered getting swept up in her intensity. “I think I might have to discover if that blush covers any other part of you.”
His hand drifted down her back slowly and it caused her to shiver against him. He smiled, pleased at her reaction and it made his own body respond to hers. When his hand went low enough and knowing she felt safe with him he gripped her backside, pulling her closer to him. Her face felt like it was on fire and her heart raced with excitement.
“Can you bite me?” She asked before she could keep the request to herself.
Surprise lit his eyes and she felt embarrassed that she had revealed her fantasy. She bit her bottom lip as if she was waiting to be scolded.
“I mean…like when we were at the house…when I first realised what you were.” She tried to explain her desire but felt it came out sounding even more absurd. At least he had told her about the special bane he had used, so it made more sense with that reason.
Baden’s mouth started to water and he had to swallow to hold himself back. Annie’s breathing was heavy and escaped from her mouth and over her lips, brushing over his on its journey. His hand gripped harder on her and made her take in a sharp breath of pleasure. He couldn’t help his gaze as it first fell to her lips, then her neck and then her breasts. It was obvious he was trying to hold himself back.
“I know you will not hurt me,” she encouraged. Finding more nerve she moved further into his body and whispered in his ear. “You can bite me anywhere you like,” she offered as she wrapped her fingers into his hair and looked at him pleadingly.
He swallowed hard and tried to steady his breathing. They were well and truly tangled together amongst the sheets on the bed, pressed together with nothing between them but heat and desire.
“I do not want to frighten you,” he said losing the battle with himself.
“You will not,” she assured. Now that it was out there and he hadn’t laughed in her face she wanted it even more. She could feel how much he wanted it too.
“We might go too far,” he reasoned, referring to waiting until they were married.
“It will just be one…solitary bite…one,” she bargained. “No further.”
At the moment she couldn’t even care less if they went further or not. She secretly hoped that they would. For the first time in so long she was completely lost in the moment and forgot about any pain and heartache. All she could think about was Baden.
The silence was thick as he contemplated doing what she was asking. It felt like an eternity passed before he answered.
“Where?” Was all he asked. Her eagerness went into overdrive as she realised he was asking where he should bite her.
“Anywhere…” she said it so quietly it was merely a breath and anyone else would have missed it.
He looked at her neck and she could see he was going to go for the safe option, so she tilted her face to the side to expose her skin a little more. He rolled them over so she was on her back and he was leaning over her, pushing against her. She slipped either leg beside him so he could get closer, as close as he possibly could. He leaned towards her slowly, giving her enough time to ask him to stop if she wanted to back out.
He started with her lips, kissing her slowly…intensely. Her body responded in kind and it made her heart beat to the tone of their craving as her breathing deepened. Moving from her lips he dragged his mouth along her skin to her neck. She reached her arms around him and held onto his back as he gripped her hips. He had to control himself so he didn’t tear the material off her body and give in to his urge to have her.
He grazed his teeth against her neck and is sent a shiver through her. She wasn’t able to stop her body moving closer to his. Then his teeth sunk into her and suddenly the bane rushed through her veins. It was like when you’re sitting in the dark and someone unexpectedly lights the room. It’s blinding and takes a moment to adjust but when you do, everything is clearer.
She bit her lip to hold back any noises that tried to escape and her body was filled with sheer pleasure as he pushed himself hard against her and gripped her hips as if it was his only anchor. She felt his warm, tingly bane sink into her and through her and it was saturated with love and desire.
Baden was nervous before he took the bite. He was worried that she would be scared but as she breathed heavily into his ear trying to hold back the pleasure it was causing her, his worries were abated. She gripped the back of his neck and pulled him against her more and he drank from her, taking her into him. No one had ever tasted the way she did, all milky and sweet. But it was more, she not only tasted good but she felt good. She felt like peace and desire and love all wrapped into one comforting gift as she seeped into him. It was sublime.
When he had measured out that he had taken enough he drew his last mouthful and covered her neck with his hand. It was a neat bite and would heal quickly and without pain thanks to the overdose of bane he had leaked into her. The bane was prone to heal the wound it had created which made the experience more enjoyable for the participant.
Annie lay against the pillow with her eyes closed still feeling the effects of him through her body.
“That was…” but she couldn’t find the words. He smiled a little as he checked her neck, it was starting to look better already.
“You are incredible,” he said leaning down and kissing her lips briefly and softly.
“You are,” she said drowsily.
“Now, keep in mind you will feel as if you have been drinking and are intoxicated,” Baden warned as he slowly pulled his hand away from her neck after seeing it had closed over. “The last time this happened your fear would have overthrown anything else.”
“Not this time,” she said a little loudly and laughed for no reason. He smiled at how cute she was. She looked around the room and everything was spinning.
“Now, I am just going to clean your neck,” he forewarned. “Do you have any objections?” He asked knowing she wouldn’t. She shook her head erratically, being silly, and he smiled even wider.
He leaned down and sucked the rest of the blood of her neck, which she rather enjoyed. It brought her back from the intoxication feeling and now everything was concentrated on how much she wanted Baden. She sat up abruptly and he looked at her as if she was a wild animal he had to watch.
“Careful now,” he said as he wrapped his arm around her waist and fell onto the bed, placing her next to him. She scurried on top of him and straddled him, pinning his arms down.
“Now you must do as I say,” she demanded with a cheeky grin on her face.
“You may be slightly stronger because my bane is running through you,” he said before he moved so quickly she didn’t even see it.
Suddenly they went from her domineering position to him holding her down, using his body against her and holding her hands above her head with only one of his. His other free arm was comfortably wrapped around her waist. He was gentle with her and she felt safe with him.
“But do not forget, not as strong as me,” he said playfully.
She snapped her teeth at him playfully, pretending she was the ferociously, feared snatcher instead of him and he outright laughed at her fun. He nuzzled his face into her neck and he almost asked her to marry him right there but something stopped him. Maybe it was that he wanted her to be completely in control of herself and not drunk on his bane…or maybe it was that he was scared she would refuse him. Either way, he kept his question to himself and decided to say the next thing on his mind.
“I love you,” he said and kissed her neck where he had bitten, in a way to apologise for harming the perfect skin of her neck.
“I…love…you,” she said and though she meant it, it was obvious she was still running high on his bane He pulled his head back and looked at her.
“Tomorrow we will have an outing,” he decided, getting back to his plan.
“We will do anything you like,” she answered through a yawn. “Why am I so tired all of a sudden?”
“You may not be accustomed to the ways of a drunk but after a night full of drinking it usually tires the person,” he explained as he watched her eyelids become heavy.
“Will you promise me something?” She said as he released her. She cuddled into his side as soon as she was free and he willingly held onto her.
“Anything,” he said before he knew what it was.
“Can you always be mine?” She asked as sleep crowded in.
“Always,” he vowed as she drifted off to sleep.
Baden spent the night going over in his mind the plan for the next day. Most of his fears were gone but any that he had before tonight were washed away.
As Annie slept peacefully in his arms he realised that he was one of the fortunate ones who had gotten everything he never deserved and he was more grateful for it than anyone could ever know.

CHAPTER 3:

Tomorrow came and it was a brilliant day, no sight of rain and the sun was shining to its brightest. It literally couldn’t be any more prefect, even the breeze was warm for that time of year.
Baden took Annie in town for afternoon tea. It was all so she could be distracted whilst Adam and Stewart set up his other part of the plan.
Baden was dressed decently in a suit but he left off most of the items he found useless, which was most of them. So he was left in trousers, shirt and jacket which found him preposterously handsome in its simplicity. Annie was in a simple but lovely town dress that he had bought her. The soft blue colour and the delicate material were flattering and they made a striking couple. She wore her hair up in soft curls, atop her head because it was Baden’s favorite hairstyle. Eyes followed them where they went as they drew people to distraction with their combined loveliness but they didn’t care for they only noticed each other.
Annie and Baden sat in a quiet booth, off to the back of the establishment that was obviously equipped for the wealthy. It was sophisticated and regal with its overstuffed leather chairs and dark lighting. The waiters were well dressed and a small but dignified stringed quartette was playing quietly off to the side. It was an elite and unique place and Annie wondered how Baden managed to secure them a reservation. She started to think he may have planned ahead for something but she wasn’t sure why.
Their conversation was light and fun as she drank champagne, ate delicious cheeses and fruits in their private booth. He liked watching her eat, her delicate hands managing the food almost seductively without her realising. The way she let her drink fall over her lips and into her mouth made him wish he was the champagne itself.
“Tell me, if you could go back through time or forward towards the future, what would you choose?” Baden asked her.
He always enjoyed how her mind worked and was fascinated by who she was. He loved asking her random questions because she was random herself and if she hadn’t already pondered on a subject that he broached, she could easily come up with some opinions in an instant. They sat close in the booth, his arm resting around her shoulders as she leaned into him with ease as he waited for her answer.
“Let me think…” She said tapping her finger against her chin as if she was concentrating. He smiled at her loveliness.
“How would I travel to either?” She eventually asked and he had been so distracted by her that he had to think for a moment as to what he had asked.
“Oh, it would be…” he paused, trying to concoct an answer she would most enjoy. “There is a mysterious enchanted river, in a far off country,” he started saying as if it might very well be true. “If you drift with the current you are taken into the future but if you swim against it you are taken back to the past.” Her eyes lit up with his exciting explanation and he could tell she thoroughly enjoyed it. “No one has returned from the river,” he added to make it more fun for her.
“Then I would say that I might do neither,” she decided looking pleased with herself. He looked at her in question not sure why she answered that way. Seeing his expression she explained. “What is done is done,” she said trying to forget the most recent past event that had changed her life. “Firstly, trying to change the past is too much of a risk for no one can tell the outcome of the change. Secondly, there is no need to travel to the future.”
“And why is that?” He wondered seeing she wasn’t going to elaborate.
“Because I have all that I want in the present,” she said looking at him with such love his throat became thick with emotion. “And I am hoping that you will be my future,” she added softly.
Not being able to find any words he drew her closer and kissed her to show how much her words meant to him. In their distraction they didn’t hear when someone had approached their booth.
“I see now that one man is out of the picture, another comes in his place easily,” Eli said cruelly referring to Jory’s absence. “If you could even be called a man,” he said to Baden.
They broke away from the kiss and Baden turned to his brother with loathing on his face. Annie looked at him shocked and hurt from his callous words. Eli stood looking down at them as if he were disgusted with the very sight of them. As if they were an abomination, and to him they were. Annie felt Baden’s grip tighten around her and the anger felt like it was radiating off him.
“Annie, could you please wait for me outside,” Baden requested through gritted teeth.
She wasn’t sure if she should leave them alone together but she didn’t want Eli to see how much he had hurt her. Reluctantly she left, refusing to look at Eli on her way out. When she was outside she let her tears come as she hid her face from the passersby on the street.
Inside Baden was trying his hardest not to kill Eli right there. He had a special night planned for Annie and he didn’t think killing his brother was going to make it any better, for her at least.
“You may not see me as the brother you grew up with any longer…” Baden said quietly as he casually moved out of the booth and took a step towards Eli. “But I know how to speak to a lady. And in my estimation that makes you less of a man than a creature like me is.” He started to walk away but Eli caught his arm. Baden subtly pulled it from his grasp whilst barely holding his demeanor.
“Savor what little time you have,” Eli threatened with a smile that looked sadistic.
“I already value every moment I have with Annie,” Baden whispered violently. “And I will especially cherish the moment she becomes my wife.” He left before Eli could say another word. He had paid for the reservation before today so he went straight to Annie outside.
The sun was setting and even though Annie had wiped away the tears it was obvious she had been crying. Baden pulled her into an embrace then kept his arm around her as he led her to the horse. He had opted for a horse instead of a carriage because it meant that he could hold her. She sat in his lap, leaning against his chest and it comforted her. They rode in silence for a time but Annie was determined not to let the selfish actions of one person ruin her night.
“So you told me not long ago that soul snatchers are able to eat food?” Annie said bringing up a passing comment Baden had made weeks ago. He smiled at her randomness but also her tenacity to not let others bring her down. It was one of the many things he admired about her.
“Yes, we can,” he answered, “The bane would merely burn it up in an instant once we had swallowed it.”
“Could food suffice for a snatcher, if they ate enough?” She wondered as she played with a loose strand on his shirt.
“If one were to eat a field of crops then it might be sufficient enough for a day or so,” he said holding back his laughter as he remembered a bet he had made with an impetuous snatcher years ago.
The story was comprised of a snatcher trying to consume a farmer’s field of corn, which he had done quite easily because he hadn’t fed in some time. Though feeling so full he forgot his need to drink blood and he had almost died. After remembering the snatchers franticness at the time Baden couldn’t help but laugh.
He explained the story to Annie who could see the humor in it but couldn’t quite bring herself to laugh about it.
“Does food still taste good?” She asked thinking how much she enjoyed the experience of eating.
“Yes and no,” he answered as he skillfully directed the horse through the dimming light. “It still has a taste and can be quite satisfying but when you do not need it to survive it becomes monotonous to eat it.” He looked down at her to see her looking up to him and he leaned down and kissed her. “Let us say, it does not taste quite like you do,” he complimented after breaking away from the kiss. She liked the cheeky smile that came across his face when he said it and just like that she had forgotten about Eli and his hurtful words.

Meanwhile, Adam and Stewart were down by the pond that was located in one of Martha’s paddocks. It was secluded from the manor but was still on her land which meant it wasn’t open for public access.
They were setting up the pond the way Baden had instructed and doing it as fast as they could. As soon as night was approaching they had come out with hands full of lanterns and a small wooden boat, just big enough for two. If they had been seen by a human they would have given away their strength and provoked suspicion but they could sense no one was near so they didn’t care. When they made it to the pond they put everything on the ground and got to work.
The floating lanterns they had bought were made completely of glass, even the dome shaped base. There was a place for a candle to sit on top of the plate which was surrounded by a cylindrical wall, with an open top. The glass was coloured with many different hues of purple, pink and yellow. The soft wisps of colour resembled when ink is spilled into water and undulates through it, only in the glass the colour was suspended instead of moving.
They lit the candles one by one and slowly glided the lanterns onto the still pond. It was quite a large expanse of water so it took many lanterns to fill it just enough to keep space for the boat to drift along it.
As Adam was lighting one if the candles he didn’t realise that his sleeve was catching alight. 
“Do you smell something?” Stewart asked looking around to see what it was.
Adam stopped and tried to place the smell as well but before they had any luck his shirt was well and truly alight. Out of shock he fell into the boat that was floating near the shore and Stewart had to think quickly. Without ceremony he grabbed Adam and threw him into the pond. He did it in a way that was like skipping a stone so it wouldn’t make too much of a splash but would douse him in water.
After regaining his footing Adam stood up in the shallows, hair and clothes slick to his body with a look of shock on his face. Before either of them had time to laugh Adam’s face was bright from the light of something else burning and his face was a mask of horror. Stewart turned to see that the boat was on fire.
“For goodness sake,” Stewart said as he ran to grab the boat. He threw it into the lake causing Adam to duck but of course with Adam’s luck it landed upside down on his head. The lack of oxygen extinguished the fire and Adam was left hidden underneath the smoking boat.
Adam simply walked out of the water, balancing the boat on his head and holding the sides with his hands. He placed it on the shore and looked to Stewart as if he hadn’t almost just come close to his own death. If Adam had caught well and truly on fire then it probably would have burned all of his bane and killed him.
They both looked down to the boat to inspect it. The wood was charred black but the structure remained intact.
“Do you think they will notice?” Adam asked and Stewart looked at him sardonically.
“Go and get a sheet to cover it,” Stewart demanded and Adam was off and back in no time at all.
Stewart lined the boat as best he could with the white sheet and to his credit it looked half decent. They checked the candles and Stewart relit the ones that had been snuffed out in the chaos. They heard Baden and Annie approaching so they gently placed the boat on the water’s edge and left before they arrived.
“Anyone would think that you purposely sabotage yourself,” Stewart joked as they went into the house.
“Sometimes I seriously consider that to be the case,” Adam countered and they laughed all the way to the library.

CHAPTER 4:

Baden and Annie rode up to the pond and she looked up at him for an explanation. He gave her a mischievous smile but didn’t say anything. Bringing the horse to a stop close to the pond, Baden jumped off and helped Annie down with him. She took in the scene with wide eyed approval.
The candles gave a majestic feel in the simple field. The water rippled slightly with the small breeze that had picked up and she thought it looked like a fairytale come to life. Taking her hand, he led her to the edge of the pond where the boat was waiting for them.
“I am not a good swimmer,” she said warily before they could step into the boat.
It’s not that she didn’t know how to, Micah had taught her years ago. It’s just that she never quite had enough strength to develop the skill. Maybe if she had practiced more? But she had always been too afraid to try. Baden slipped an arm around her waist and took her hand.
“I do not intend to let you fall in,” he whispered into her ear and it sent a shiver through her.
Baden stepped into the boat first and steadied it before he reached out his arms for Annie. She hesitated for a moment feeling frightened of falling in but when she looked at him her fear was replaced by her trust in him. Reaching out her arms towards him, he took her hands and she stepped into the boat. Never having done so before, she lost her balance but before the situation became disastrous he pulled her close to him and balanced the boat again. Letting a nervous laugh escape her, Annie clung onto him for dear life. He couldn’t help but smile as he held her close and carefully helped her sit down.
She felt better when she was sitting and especially better when he sat close to her. The boat undulated along the water as they slowly drifted further onto the pond. He liked how she chewed on her bottom lip when she was nervous.
“What are you smiling at?” She asked trying to distract herself. He hadn’t realised he had been smiling as he stared at her lips so he took a moment to think about what she said. His smile grew wider and he pulled her into his lap.
“Your lips,” he answered and before she could question him further he kissed her to distraction.
Her nerves fell away as she was overwhelmed with desire for him. She wrapped her arms around his neck so tightly that it would have almost strangled an ordinary man. He had to remind himself to be gentle with her as he became caught up in their kiss. She shuffled to try and get closer to him but her foot slipped in her hurry which rocked the boat. She grabbed hold of his collar and froze in panic. He moved them so they were more in the center so they could steady the movements and after a moment the water settled.
“Maybe we should go to dry land?” She suggested looking longingly towards the shore.
“It is not very deep,” he tried to assure her, holding her a little tighter.
“Will it reach over my head?” She asked worriedly. He hesitated for a moment and that was enough to frighten her. “Baden, take us back,” she demanded looking over to the solid ground that she missed so much.
“Annie, I promise I will not let you drown,” he guaranteed, gently turning her head back to him. She looked up at him with all the fear in her eyes but when she only saw truth in his, her fear was eased once again. She gave up and let out a smile trying to ignore her worry.
“Fine, we will stay,” she conceded.
“Perfect, because there is something I want to talk to you about,” he said and it ignited her curiosity. She looked at him with a million questions in her eyes.
“What exactly would you like to speak about?” She asked feeling something in the back of her mind searching for what it might be.
“Well,” he started. He pulled her closer still and looked her over until his gaze reached her eyes. A blush came to her cheeks and it made him smile with pleasure. He gently touched where the colour flourished and it deepened. “Did you know that out of every other person in the world there is no other that I would bother to spend my time with?”
“I do now,” she answered him breathlessly, liking where this was headed. He moved his face closer to hers and it made her heart race.
“And did you know that before I met you….” He paused for a moment and his look turned almost sad. “I was looking for a way to end my existence on this earth.”
“Baden!” She said harshly not towards him but towards what he had intended to do. She was filled with so much fear that she completely forgot that they were on water. “Promise me that no matter what, you will never consider that again,” she demanded.
“The point of me telling you that was not to frighten you, it was to show you that I did not have a reason to be here,” he said wanting to calm her.
“Promise me,” she said not letting it drop.
“I promise, Annie,” he answered laughing a little at her urgency.
“If I lost you…” this time he paused with true sadness in his eyes and it took a long moment for him to regain himself. “Though it may cross my mind to do that, I would not be capable of bringing myself to it.”
“Why?” She asked glad that he would not try to hurt himself.
“Because losing you would be wrong in itself but losing the memory of you would make it even worse,” he explained. “If I ever cease to exist, I do not know what will happen to me...afterwards. But here I know I can still remember you, I can still have you with me and just the thought of you is better than a lifetime of uselessness of never having known you. I would live through to pain to have the joy of your memory.”
Annie looked at him, eyes wide with shock, and she felt more loved than she had ever felt in her life.
“But I refuse to let anything happen to you,” he added. “So let us hope that day never comes.”
“I can agree to that,” she said with a little smile. He loved how she made him feel more human by the second.
“In saying that, I cannot even begin to imagine my life without you,” he continued. “And I do not see any reason to even contemplate it. You have completely remade me, Annie.” He sat up straighter and looked at her with a sincerity that was almost overwhelming. “When I look into my life ahead I can only see you.”
Her eyes started to well with tears from his love and when he saw them it made him do the same. Gently but urgently, he moved her out of his lap so she was sitting facing him and he was holding onto her hands.
“I promise to love you every day of my existence,” he vowed and she was nodding her head frantically to show that she believed him. “Annie, I would be the most fortunate man to have the privilege of loving you forever.” His complete euphoria blocked out everything else around them and he focused entirely on Annie.
Before he could get any other words out something came crashing down upon them with such violence that it knocked them out of the boat. Suddenly Annie was thrown into the cool water, her dress and hair tangled around her in a chaotic mess. She thrashed her arms around trying to grab onto something, anything that might help her pull herself up to the surface. Even if she wanted to frantically kick her legs, there was no hope with her dress so entangled amongst her legs. She could feel her feet hitting the bottom of the pond and her dress became caught up in some long reeds on the bottom. Regardless, she felt like she was the wrong way up and even though she could feel the ground her body still felt all turned around. She couldn’t see and her lungs were burning in protest for air because she hadn’t had enough time to take in a sufficient amount due to the surprise of it all. Her only hope now was Baden, wherever he might be.
Baden crashed into the water as the person tumbled into him. His back hit the bottom of the pond with brute force as he grabbed the hands that were clutching his shirt. He felt around and gripped the person’s coat, got his foothold and pushed them up both to the surface. They broke through the water loudly, disturbing the peace of the night. Baden pulled the attacker towards the shallows and threw them towards the shore.
Eli hit the ground at a deathly speed, deathly for humans, but braced himself before he could be attacked. Baden remained standing in the pond, water dripping off him, clothes sticking to him. He didn’t have time for this, he had to get Annie. He turned to jump back in but Eli ran and pummeled him back into the water. They hit the water forcefully and it threw the lanterns into bedlam again as the two sunk back into the pond.
With sheer rage coursing through him, Baden quickly got hold of the brother he hated and pulled him out of the water again. When he was dragging Eli towards the shore again he slammed his fist into his face repeatedly. When Baden’s hand was covered in Eli’s blood he dropped him in the shallow water and pinned him down with his foot.
“Annie is drowning in the water and if she is dead you are!” He yelled so loudly that a colony of bats in the far off trees screeched and dislodged from their slumber.
Without another word Baden jumped into the water and Eli was left in dread at what he might have done.
Baden swam through the water at a high speed searching through the muck. The water was murky at best and the pond was filled with reeds and broken tree branches. Every time he came upon something solid he would feel relieved until he realised it wasn’t Annie. It had been too long for her to still be alive but he pushed the fear away and searched for her frantically.
When he had lost all hope of finding her suddenly she was within his grasp. He had hold of her arm and pulled her against him as he shot to the surface. The reeds that she was caught up in ripped out of the ground and went with them. He pulled her to shore and laid her down gently. Her lips were blue and her face colourless, her hair and clothes slick against her. He listened for her heartbeat but it wasn’t there.
“Annie,” he said loudly, turning her to her side to try and let the water she had swallowed come out. “Annie.” He shook her and hit her back trying to revive her but it was no use. “Annie, please!” He yelled as the tears flowed from his eyes. 
He had never really panicked before but he was losing it quickly, he was in shock from her lifeless body lying there. There had to be something he could do, this couldn’t be the end before it even started. He tried to think but his thoughts were being clouded with the pain.
After most of his thoughts scrambled away and cleared, one remained. He knew one way that made people live forever so maybe it could bring someone back too? Seeing no other option he moved his mouth to her neck. He didn’t know if it would work but if he tried to change her it might save her. It had too.
Just as his lips were touching the skin of her neck Annie spluttered and coughed up the water from her lungs. She gasped in breath with a fierceness that only came from desperate thankfulness of being alive. Baden helped her sit up as she coughed. She couldn’t help but retch as all the heaving forced her to. He held her hair back and rubbed her back but gave her space to compose herself. He had never felt more relief in his entire life.
He remembered Eli and looked around to see if he was still there but he was long gone. Unbeknown to Baden, Eli had been standing in the trees but when he saw that Annie was alive he left in disgrace of what he had done.
“What happened?” Annie asked hoarsely as she coughed up what felt like the entire pond and collapsed against Baden. He caught her easily and picked her up into his arms.
“Eli,” is all Baden said as he started walking. Annie was confused and her lungs burned as if they had been set on fire. She wasn’t sure what he had said because it felt like her head was full of water.
“You kept your promise that you would not let me drown,” she joked trying to make herself feel normal again. He leaned down and kissed the top of her head as he took her back to the manor. In Baden’s mind Eli was going to die. It was only a matter of when.

CHAPTER 5:

Baden came through the front door with Annie asleep in his arms. He found Adam and Stewart waiting for them with ridiculous smiles anticipating the excitement. When the men saw the state of their friends their faces dropped in horror and confusion.
“What on earth happened?” Stewart asked as he stepped forward to help. Baden kept walking and the pair followed close behind.
“Eli came along and decided to attack us and Annie almost died by drowning,” he explained with fury in his voice.
“What was he doing there?” Adam asked as Baden laid Annie on their bed.
He pushed he boys out without an answer and shut the door, undressing Annie down to her undergarments and laying her under the covers, leaving her sopping wet dress on the floor. She was still in wet clothes but at least it wasn’t as much as before, he didn’t want to just take her clothes off without her permission, even though they were see-through at best. Baden hurriedly went back to the door and swung it open.
“It is a long story but for now I have to go,” Baden belatedly answered as he walked out of the room. Adam remained with Annie as Stewart followed Baden.
“Where are you going?” Stewart asked panicked that Baden would do something he might regret.
“To do what I must,” he answered and before Stewart could do or say anything else Baden was gone.
After a short time of running, and just enough time for Baden to dry slightly, he walked into Eli’s manor with no invitation and when Garrick saw him, he froze.
“Do not fret, Garrick,” he said to his old friend turned enemy. “I am not here for you.”
Baden walked right by him to where he knew Eli was, the library. He found him sitting behind his desk, just staring at nothing. Baden locked the door and Eli didn’t look up, not even when Baden approached. When he got closer he saw that Eli was staring at a pistol on the desk. His brother’s collar was loosened but he was still in his wet, evening attire.
“You know that will not kill you,” Baden said looking at Eli as if he were dull.
“I know,” he answered.
“What is wrong with you?” Baden asked thinking that he was being completely ridiculous.
“At one point I thought you were the monster in her life,” Eli started to answer. He looked up to his brother and Baden thought he looked lost. “But tonight I became that.”
“Then will you leave us in peace?” Baden asked thinking this might be the end of it.
“I cannot do that and you know it,” he answered. “Besides, it is too late.” He sounded almost insane with his strange, external musings.
“Well, it is too bad we could not come to an agreement,” Baden said picking up the gun.
“You know that will not kill me,” he mimicked Baden’s words.
“No, it will not,” Baden said and before Eli could move he pulled him away from the desk and violently forced him against the wall. “But it will hurt immensely.” And Baden shot Eli through the leg.
Eli’s face cringed in pain but Baden didn’t let him go. He threw the pistol against the wall, breaking it with the impact, and used both of his hands to hold Eli’s chest. A snap sounded between them and it was Eli’s collar bone breaking. He let out a scream of pain and Garrick was banging on the door demanding to be let in.
“Feel the pain, Eli?” Baden spat the words through gritted teeth. “This is nothing compared to what is coming for you.” He grabbed Eli’s arm and snapped it at the elbow causing him to scream again.
Baden threw him on the ground and stalked up to him like a menacing creature. As Eli writhed in pain on the floor Baden took his one good arm and pulled it from the socket.
“Your days are numbered, Baden,” Eli yelled through his agony.
“And so are yours, Eli,” Baden hissed at him, brushing away Eli’s empty threats. “You almost killed Annie tonight.”
“I do not want to see her dead but she is better off that way than she is with you,” Eli said stupidly. Baden took him by the neck and pulled him close to his face.
“Wrong answer,” Baden’s voice was low and fearsome as all he felt was rage.
Baden gripped Eli’s neck tighter and tighter. Soon Eli couldn’t breathe and his face was turning blue. Eli used his one uninjured leg to push against Baden but it wasn’t enough. Something in Eli’s face made Baden hesitate. It wasn’t the terror or the lifelessness overtaking his brother that stopped him. It was that all he could see in his eyes was the accusing word; monster. And in the past he would have relished this moment but now all he could think of was Annie and what she thought of him.
“Count yourself fortunate,” Baden said letting go of Eli’s neck. Eli’s head fell back against the ground and he gasped for breath. “She is the only reason you are in one piece…” He took the only good leg Eli had left and snapped it. “And she is the reason why your limbs are hanging by a thread,” he said after Eli’s piercing scream followed him into unconsciousness.
Baden straightened up as if he had just addressed someone in a business meeting and fixed his coat. He walked to the door, unlocked it and found Garrick standing there, steely gazed.
“Good evening,” Baden said snidely then left Garrick with the mess he had made.
Baden walked slowly through the streets to try and calm himself so he could return composed. He took in the cool night air and ignored the nightlife that was happening right around him.
He walked past the lively commotion and decided to take a back alley to try and get home quicker, once he was out of view he would run back. He felt he had calmed enough. The laneway was small and it was the part of town known for housing the ‘lesser’ of society, that’s how the rich viewed it.
The cramped buildings were tall and stood close together, old wooden doors sat in the dingy buildings not far from each other, showing that the houses wouldn’t be very big on the inside. Baden had to step over puddles of goodness-knows-what on the ground, from whatever the smell was lingering in the air he assumed it wasn’t just muddy puddles. As he passed each door he heard the muttering of families and their conversations. Most of them may have been poor but they had more of an idea as to what family was than the circles he used to be part of.
He was almost to the end of the alley when suddenly one of the doors he had already passed burst open, a woman screaming as she ran out. He looked around to see a heavier, slightly older woman in a dirty, torn dress stumbling around the alley. She was crying and screaming for help but no one was coming to help her. He could hear the conversations of the people in their houses, wives telling their husbands to keep out of it for their own sake.
Desperately the woman looked around but could see no one because it was too dark for her eyes. She stepped through the dirty puddles in bare feet without a second thought then she slid down against the wall and sat on the dirty ground. Baden noticed that her dark hair was wild and her lip was bleeding as she sat there brushing the hair away from her scuffed face.
What should he do? She wanted help and everyone else was too afraid to come out and help her. And of course they would be, this was the bad part of town and they had no way to keep their own families safe except to keep to themselves. But what about him? He had no reason not to help. If this had happened years ago he would have left the woman alone in the alley or even possibly killed her to stop her wailing. But now he stood there not knowing what to do.
He almost walked away, he even looked to the opening of the alley that he was so close to and thought about how much he wanted to see Annie. But then that made him think of Annie being in that situation, if she stood there she would do whatever she could forgetting her own safety. Which he thought was senseless on her behalf. Even worse still, what if it was Annie crying in the alley? This was all he needed to get his legs moving.
Baden walked up to the woman slowly so as not to frighten her. When she noticed he was there she didn’t think to be afraid of him, instead she ran up to him, grabbing his arm with her messy hand and crying. Her words were a muddle through her panic but he managed to catch that it was something about her drunken husband and her children.
Baden kept quiet and definitely decided not to look into her soul. He had looked at the souls of frantic people before and it stung his eyes to see the mess inside of them. The woman dragged him through the door and into her small house. It was nothing but a small room with a cot in the corner, one wooden chair that was broken and a small oven where two young grubby children were curled up behind in fear. They were two young girls. The floor was merely wood and bowed in some placed because of moisture beneath the house. The smell of the place was thick, full of the smell of humanity and living. He took in the scene quickly and eventually came to look at where the woman was pointing.
A drunken man stood holding onto the collar of a young man about ten, the child’s face was bleeding and he looked barely conscious. The man swiftly dropped the young boy who moved over to his sisters and started towards Baden. The woman ran for her child and her husband pushed her as she ran past. This was too much for Baden to take.
The man coming towards him was stumbling in his intoxicated state but he obviously didn’t mind showing his strength against those weaker than him. As soon as the man was near Baden went into action, he grabbed his collar and threw him into the closest wall. The children screamed and the mother tried to cover them with her own body. Baden bent down to crouch over the man who now sat on the floor.
“What is your name?” Baden asked through a vicious whisper. The man had been shocked into sobriety and sat there in fear.
“Simon,” he answered weakly. He was scruffy like the rest of them, clothed in nothing but rags and he reminded Baden of the reasons he used to hate humanity.
Without thought he grabbed Simon’s dirty, long blonde hair and pulled him outside. Again the children screamed and cried. The man begged for mercy and was repeating the word ‘sorry’ as he tried to get free of Baden’s death grip but Baden didn’t care. He pulled the man out of the alley and into the back field behind the building. They were at the edge of town and no one would hear them there.
Baden threw Simon on the ground and he looked up at this stranger. He could barely see but Baden could see him clearly. Baden didn’t really know what he was going to do, usually he would just kill him but what should he do now? Beat him to within an inch of his life as a warning? He really wanted to hit Simon for the terrible things he had done to his own children and his wife so he did, he punched him square in the face. Not enough to kill him just enough to break his nose. Blood started dripping down Simon’s face and was staining the front of his already dirty shirt.
His wife came running up and threw herself on top of him, possibly risking her own safety. She looked up at Baden fearfully and he looked at her as if she was bizarre.
“Please do not hurt him,” she begged through her tears. “He does not hurt us until he has been drinking.”
Baden couldn’t understand why this woman was defending him. But as he looked between the both of them he could see that there was some kind of bond there. Though this man had disgusting failings this woman greatly wanted him to change but didn’t want him harmed because she cared for him.
And in seeing this woman’s love for her husband, but her desperation for her children’s safety, Baden’s heart felt sorry for her. Reluctantly he helped Simon and his wife off the ground. They kept their eye on him as he changed from a torment to a helper. Simon put his arm around his wife but Baden kept hold of his other arm. As they made their way back to their little house their neighbors watched through barley opened doors at the scene before them. When they came closer they shut their doors quickly to keep themselves away from the mess.
Baden helped the woman back into her house and when she was inside he closed the door and held the handle to keep her inside, leaving himself and Simone outside. With his free hand he pushed the husband against the door hard enough to make his point clear.
“If you harm them again I will come for you and I will kill you,” Baden threatened. Simon looked at him in fear as he shook his head vehemently, showing that he wouldn’t dare. Baden couldn’t understand why this man would want to harm the people he loved. “If you so much as think of drinking another drop of alcohol just remember my face because I will bring so much pain against you that you would wish for death.”
His wife was banging against the inside of the door and crying in panic as she tried to force the door open.
“These are the people you love,” Baden reminded in disgust of Simon.
Baden released his grip on the handle and the woman rushed the door open. He shoved Simon inside and walked in. He checked that the young boy was relatively fine and conscious then he looked around and spotted the half empty bottles of alcohol. He grabbed them, gave Simon a warning look then walked outside, closing the door behind him.
As Baden walked through the alley he smashed the bottles on the alley ground and the alcohol leaked into the dirty puddles. After the last bottle was smashed he heard the door creak open once again and little feet scurrying up behind him. He turned to see one of the young children from the house, a little brunette girl in dirty clothes, scampering up to him. He was worried for her tiny little bare feet stepping on the glass that was on the ground so he met her half way.
Without a word she hugged his leg because she was too small to reach any higher. She was surely only three years old.
Baden’s throat closed over as the tears gathered in his eyes. He gently touched the top of her head to show that he cared. The mother stuck her head out the door and paused when she saw her daughter hugging her helper.
“Annie, come back now,” the woman called.
And Baden paused when he heard the name. He looked down at the little girl named Annie, who was holding onto him with desperate thanks and his tears fell onto his face. He picked up the small child into his arms and looked at her tiny little face. She had huge brown eyes that had seen far too much for her young age and it saddened him. With a small smile the little girl nestled her face into Baden’s neck and he hugged her tenderly.
“I will come back to make sure you are safe,” he whispered to her as he walked her back to her mother.
The mother took her beloved child in her arms and mouthed a thank you to Baden. He didn’t mind that the woman could see his tears as he passed her the child and the little girl kept her eyes on Baden for as long as she could.
Off in the corner Simon was sitting on the floor holding the young man he had earlier hurt, crying his apologies to his son and Baden decided to look into his soul. Though the faults he saw there were many he could see a small amount of hope amongst the mess. He peered into all of their souls and could see hope there, this man’s remorse seemed to be the first time he had shown it and they all held desire for a better future.
Their sad little family was making amends and as broken as they were, and as worthless as Baden thought Simon was, he could see hope in this little family. And the little Annie that laid in her mother’s arms held the most hope of them all.
With a half-smile Baden stepped away from the door and the woman closed it. He stood there a moment, trying to compose himself after what just happened. He turned to walk away and as he did he caught eyes with a woman looking through the crack of her open door. When she realised she had been spotted she quickly closed the door and Baden went on his way.
When Baden got home Stewart and Adam went straight to him and saw blood on his clothes. They froze and stared not sure what to make of it. Baden removed his coat, throwing it to Stewart. Baden had been in a daze until he realised he looked completely unacceptable with blood all over him. With thoughts of seeing Annie everything else was put out of his mind for the time being.
“Give me your shirt,” Baden demanded from Adam as he started unbuttoning his blood stained one.
Adam rolled his eyes and took off his shirt, seeing no use in saying no. Baden was lucky the shirt Adam was wearing was far too big for the boy or it wouldn’t have a chance of fitting him.
Soon Baden looked presentable again and was about to go to Annie when Stewart grabbed his arm.
“What have you done?” He asked quietly.
“Nothing that cannot be undone,” he assured. “Just taught…a few lessons tonight.” And he meant it referring to not only his brother but the others he had encountered as well.
Stewart assumed he was talking about Eli and decided to let it drop. He never liked Eli and he was shocked that Baden hadn’t killed his brother.
“What am I meant to do with this?” Adam asked when Baden was gone. He stood there shirtless holding up Baden’s blood stained shirt to Stewart.
“Why are you asking me?” He said and started walking away.
Adam threw the shirt at Stewart and it wrapped around the back of his head and neck. Stewart froze and Adam ran knowing that Stewart was going to be wild. Though they were like brothers they still gave each other a good hit or two when they were annoyed with each other. Soon enough they were in a brawl with Stewart the victor.
Annie was sitting up in bed, awake when Baden snuck in. She had changed out of her wet undergarment and was wearing her nightdress. She sat looking out the window but when she heard him she ran to him and threw her arms around him.
“Where have you been?” She asked feeling relieved that he was finally with her. He held onto her letting relief that he still had her flood through him.
“How are you feeling?” He asked not meaning to ignore her question. She pulled back to see him and looked at him suspiciously.
“The usual, almost dying but still here,” she answered. The scary part of that was it was becoming ‘the usual’ for her to almost die. “Where have you been?” She asked not willing to let it drop.
When he didn’t answer straight away she thought back to what had happened and recalled that he had said something about Eli.
“Tell me,” she demanded, stepping away from him completely. He felt cold without her in his arms.
“Annie, he needed to be shown he cannot do what he does,” Baden reasoned. “You very well almost died!” His voice caught on his emotion remembering how close it had been.
“You cannot go around and hurt people because you think it is justifiable!” She said loudly. “You are better than that!”
“Obviously not,” he said feeling hurt that she thought he was bad for what he did.
“Do not say that! You are better than that, Baden. Do not be the monster everyone sees you as.” She spoke the words before she could stop them. He took a step back from the hurt it caused him and she regretted that she had said it.
“I am sorry that you see me as that,” he said. The pain was obvious in his voice but he had raised a wall to try and protect himself from further hurt.
“Do not put words in my mouth, I do not think you are and I did not say that,” she argued. “You are not a monster and that is why I am saying do not act like one.”
“You were almost killed, Annie!” He yelled and his anger was growing because she couldn’t even see his side. “He almost killed you.”
“Even if he had, he would not have meant to,” she argued. “Do not be so impulsive. Hurting someone does not change the past.” He saw no use in arguing with her so he decided to try and rectify his concerns another way.
“To prevent this happening again in the future, let me change you,” he suggested. She was caught off guard and without realising she stopped breathing. He stepped up to her with a gentle demeanor and took hold of her hands. “I do not want to come so close to losing you again.”
She wasn’t ready. She hadn’t thought about Jory in a while and remembering him now made her see that she hadn’t dealt with how she felt at all. Taking a moment to answer she decided she couldn’t argue her point without Baden pushing his own.
“Let us stop fighting. Just please, try to keep calm in the future,” she said weakly.
“I will try,” he gave in. He could see she still didn’t want to talk about being changed and he knew why. So ignoring how much it hurt him he told her about what had happened in the alley.
After Annie heard the story she was shocked. She could see how affected he was by it and it proved to her once again that he was a beautiful person. She went up to him and embraced him without saying a word.
“See,” she said quietly wrapped in his arms. “You are kind and loving.”
“Just not to all people,” he joked, referring to Eli and Simon. She laughed a little and he took that as being forgiven. “Let us get you to bed,” he suggested. Adam had changed the wet bed sheets whilst Baden had been away.
They let the disagreement fall away so they could enjoy each other.
Baden decided that until she was ready to be changed he would just have to be extra careful. Seeing the pain he saw tonight made him want to protect Annie from all of that. But even people who loved her ended up almost killing her.
Time would prove that keeping her safe would be more difficult than he anticipated.

CHAPTER 6:

A few days later Annie found Adam in the library. He put down the book he was reading and welcomed her with a smile.
“How are you, Annie?” He asked in his caring way. She sat down in a chair close to him before she answered.
“I have been better,” she said, letting out a long, exhausted breath. He tilted his head to one side in concern.
“What is the matter?” He wondered, worrying that she was hurt physically.
“Can we take a walk?” She asked. Baden was talking with Stewart in the parlor, more likely arguing. Each as stubborn as the other and neither willing to give up their side.
“Of course,” Adam agreed. He stood, extending his arm for her to take. Standing, she gladly took it and they walked outside in silence.
It was late afternoon outside and the beautiful hues of the day were melting into dusk. She was glad she wore a warmer dress with long sleeves because the breeze was a little cooler. The dress was a simple ivory colour with a leather cord wrapped under her bust but she looked lovely none the less. When they were still in view of the manor but a fair distance away for privacy, walking in one of the many fields encompassed in Martha’s land, Annie felt it was far enough away from Baden to be private enough, though she would have to be miles and miles away if she really wanted to be sure.
But Baden would never purposely listen to her conversations, he would never use any of his abilities to invade Annie’s privacy. He only ever used his abilities when he needed them for protection or defense reasons (as did most snatchers including Adam and Stewart), he usually never wanted to look into people’s souls and he definitely didn’t want to hear their, what he deemed, useless conversations. Baden was excellent at controlling his abilities, more so than any other snatcher and he exercised this frequently. And when she was with others he especially made sure he would not listen, to give her the freedom and normality she deserved and wanted.
Annie knew that he respected her privacy but she just didn’t want to hurt Baden unnecessarily with what she wanted to talk about.
“How do you know you love someone?” She asked, surprising Adam. He thought for a moment, trying to come up with an answer.
“Are you having second thoughts?” He asked referring to her relationship with Baden.
“No, not at all,” she responded straight away. “I love Baden.” Adam laughed not seeing the problem.
“If you know what love is then why ask the question?” He wondered. As they walked the tall grass brushed against their legs, blowing gently in the afternoon breeze. Annie brushed a hand along the blades of grass, hesitating to answer. “You can tell me,” he encouraged.
She looked to him knowing that she could but unsure if she would.
“Let me guess,” he said realising what she wasn’t saying. “You think you may have feelings left for Jory.” Annie’s heart clenched when he said the name and she tried to ignore it.
“It is different,” she reasoned. “With him it was not as intense as how I feel about Baden. With…him,” she opted not to say his name. “It was different to how I feel with you but I do not think I can recognise it as love. I just do not know.” She seemed flustered and tired from having to battle with how she felt.
“I do not say this with intent to hurt you but he is no longer with us,” Adam reminded as delicately as he could.
“A person’s absence does not remove how you feel about them,” she added, avoiding looking at him.
“From what I remember, when he was still here you were becoming quite frustrated with him,” he reminded, thinking back to their other discussions. “In fact I believe you were not on good speaking terms.”
“Well, no,” she remembered as she furrowed her brow in thought.
“Perhaps it is only his absence that has misled you to feel these things?” He offered the possibility. “Your emotions are heightened when something significant happens in your life and sometimes it causes you to look past reason.”
“I see what you are saying,” she said thinking about it. Logically, what Adam explained was true. Maybe this was something that she was over exaggerating in her mind.
“From what I have witnessed Baden seems to have your heart. And he is taking care of it quite well,” he said with surprise in his voice. Annie looked to him in question. “Not to offend but it is unexpected that someone with Baden’s reputation is so caring,” he elucidated.
Before she could respond, in the distance Baden and Stewart came bursting out of the manor in a fit of punches and tumbles.
“Then again, he can be rather brutish,” Adam added laughing at the altercation.
Baden quickly got the upper hand and Stewart surrendered not so graciously. After the men had had their fun they walked over to Adam and Annie.
“This looks like fun,” Baden said as he walked over and whisked her up into his arms.
She couldn’t help but squeal with laughter. One; from the excitement of the surprise and two; from how disheveled his clothes were after his scuffle. Adam and Stewart took that as their queue to leave and headed toward the manor.
“Can we go for a walk?” Baden asked as he set Annie down on her feet.
“I would love to,” she said with a smile so sweet it earned her a kiss on the nose. He took her hand and their walk where Adam had left.
“The other night I had planned something very different than what happened,” Baden said referring to their attack.
“I remember you did seem rather focused,” she agreed trying to remember through the haze of chaos.
“Well there was a reason for that,” he said as they approached an expansive, old weeping willow tree.
Though this was not just any old tree, it had small iron lanterns tied throughout the whole tree. The lanterns were rustic and rusty but looked beautiful as they nestled lit candles in them. The lanterns were tied to the vine-like branches and they hung low, covering most of the tree, making it look like the stars were gathered amongst the leaves.
“Baden,” Annie whispered his name as night had finally fallen into this now enchanting evening.
“No water this time,” he whispered as he placed his arm around her waist and led her under the tree. She couldn’t help but look up in awe at the exquisite sight as it truly felt as if they were amongst the stars.
“This is beautiful,” she said, keeping her voice quiet.
Baden moved so he was standing in front of her, holding her hands in his. He looked down to her and in the soft glow of the candles she found him utterly breathtaking.
“Once, when I was a young boy I saw my father dancing with my mother outside,” he started retelling his fond memory. “There was no music but they danced as if they could hear the most elegant tune and I thought them strange for doing so.” Annie laughed as she imagined him as a little boy. “It took me some time to realise that they did not need the music to dance along with because they moved to the feel of their souls stirring in each other.”
She swallowed hard holding back the tears at the lovely notion. Slowly he pulled her closer and started moving to a song they couldn’t hear. He leaned his face into hers and kept her close, like he couldn’t stand not to.
“You are my soul, Annie,” he whispered and it felt like she was filled with warm honey. “And I want to be with you for more than just a lifetime. I want to be yours forever.” She pulled her face back to see his and he stepped away, taking her hands in his again. “Annie,” he said her name like it was invaluable because to him it was.
He bent down on both of his knees opposed to one. It was the most humble thing he had ever done and it felt like it was a complete surrender to her. She couldn’t help the tears that came and he couldn’t either but he was determined to say what he had come to say. Raising her hands to his lips he kissed them then pulled them to lean against his heart.
“Marry me, Annie. Be with me forever and I promise that you will only ever be the one to have my heart. Every day until forever.”
“Yes,” she said but the word barely made it through her emotion so she nodded her head trying to see through the tears. “Yes,” she said again and this time he stood and pulled her to him. He kissed her with all the love in him and their tears of joy ran onto each other’s faces.
“I have a ring,” he said only just remembering that he did. He pulled it from his pocket and opened the small, dark velvet box.
The delicate ring had a perfect pearl, not too large, as the centre surrounded by a lovely halo of diamonds, encased in a cathedral set gold band. It was simple but beautiful and it would suit her delicate finger perfectly. She held out her hand and he slipped it onto her finger, an exact fit.
“The jeweler thought I was insane when I told him what I was looking for,” Baden said looking at the ring on her hand. “He had to make it especially for me because no one had anything else like it. He was also shocked at the amount of diamonds I requested. I think he may have thought I would order and not pay.” Baden laughed a little remembering the expression on the jeweler’s face.
Annie looked at the ring in shock. She had seen diamonds on the wealthy and their extravagant jewelry but nothing had looked as lovely as this. Nothing looked as perfect as her ring, a promise between her and Baden to love each other forever.
He could have spent the world on a ring that was huge and ridiculously costly, and he would have if it would make Annie happy, but he wanted one that Annie would love. And she absolutely adored this one because it was unique.
“It is exquisite,” she said and looked up from the ring to find Baden looking at her.
“Did you know,” he started saying as he picked her up and sat them both down against the tree, her now in his lap. “That the first engagement ring known to be given was in 1477 by The Archduke Maximillian of Hamburg to his betrothed, Mary of Burgundy.”
“Really?” She said sincerely interested in what he had to say. He knew Annie loved to know things like this so he had specifically researched the topic.
“And…” he said excitedly getting caught up in her enthusiasm. “Apparently Egyptians were the first to use a ring as a representation of a union between a man and a woman. It was thought that a vein ran from the third finger on the left hand straight to the heart. So it became the ‘ring finger’.”
“It did?” She said looking at the ring. “What else?” She asked snuggling into him, knowing that there would be more.
“I am so glad you asked,” he said smiling and holding her closer. “The Greeks thought diamonds were teardrops of the gods whereas Ancient Romans believed diamonds were fragments of tumbling stars and called their engagement ring the ‘betrothal’ or ‘truth ring’.”
Annie looked up to the lanterns and smiled at the effort he had gone to, representing the stars with the lanterns.
“And…” He said waiting until she was looking at him to continue. “It is a ring that is ours to promise ourselves to each other.”
“I think I like that one the most,” she said and soon enough they were kissing.
The rest of the night was spent in joy and love. When they arrived back at the manor they were congratulated and there were glasses of wine for all.
And when Annie and Baden retired for the night, it was just the two of them, as it would be forever.

CHAPTER 7:

So Annie, Adam and Stewart were off to town to shop for Annie’s wedding dress. Up until then she had side stepped having to talk about why she wanted to get another one by saying the one Baden had bought her he had already seen. She had felt so bad for not telling him that the real reason was because she had danced with Jory in it and it brought back too many memories. She did eventually tell him and he had almost burned the dress immediately but restrained himself. He quietly suggested that she go buy another, so that is what the three of them were doing.
Of course they went to none other than Antoinette’s shop and she was pleased to see Annie, though it did take about a month to get an appointment at the store and that was with Antoinette squeezing her in.
“Annie-belle,” Antoinette said as soon as Annie came into the store.
They embraced as friends but soon Antoinette was hard at work. Upon seeing her old friend, Annie wished she had worn more than her lavender day dress but it was easy to get in and out of, which is why she chose it. Too late now, but Antoinette thought Annie too beautiful for any dress so it didn’t matter to the older woman.
Adam and Stewart sat on the overstuffed lounge in the waiting room whilst Annie was getting measured in the private dressing room. The whole store was just as it was when Annie had first seen it, just as beautiful and just as grand.
“Do you think I can get this coin into the jar on top of the counter there?” Adam asked quietly to Stewart, referring to the glass of buttons on the counter.
Both the men sat there dressed appropriately for a town trip, not too overdressed but looking sharp none the less.
“Well, any snatcher worth his soul would be able to…” Stewart said then looked Adam up and down. “However you are as clumsy as any human so I would say no.”
“If I were not so mature I would take offence to that,” Adam commented indignantly.
Taking aim Adam looked at the jar and threw the coin as hard as he could. Instead of going in as he intended, it smashed into the glass and the buttons spilled every which way, scattering on the floor.
“Pick them up,” Stewart whispered frantically. Before either of them could move Antoinette rushed out with her hands on her hips. She looked at the boys crossly and pointed her hand to the door.
“Out!” She demanded and on their way out Stewart hit Adam on the arm.
“Good job,” Stewart said crossly.
They sat on a wooden bench outside the establishment watching the heavy pedestrian traffic that walked by. Stewart felt they looked ridiculous in their suits, all dressed up for town and now sitting on a tiny, dingy wooden stool hardly big enough for the both of them.
“Do you think I can get this coin through that shop door over there?” Adam asked looking at another coin in his hand. Stewart looked at him expecting him to be joking but found him to be serious.
“Give me that,” Stewart scolded as he snatched the coin out of his hand.
“I was just asking,” Adam said sulkily, crossing his arms.
Inside, Annie was wrapped in an oversized dress that was being pinned all around her to fit.
“You see more?” Antoinette said through pins in her mouth. “Outside,” she directed as she shooed Annie into the private waiting area that was closed off by a curtain from the entry waiting room. However, Antoinette opened the large curtain to let more light in so Annie could see better.
“This is beautiful,” Annie said envisioning what it would look like when it was done.
Outside Adam and Stewart were having one of their disagreements and didn’t notice as Eli strolled by. He happened to glance through the huge window of Antoinette’s shop and saw Annie in the wedding dress and almost fell over his feet. He rushed into the store with a look of horror on his face.
“What are you doing?” He asked so loudly he commanded Annie and Antoinette’s attention immediately.
“She is being married,” Antoinette said holding her hand out to indicate the wedding dress as if he were stupid.
“She most certainly is not!” Eli disagreed and walked over to Annie with a fearsome look. He grabbed her wrist and she couldn’t manage to struggle her way out.
“Let go,” she demanded as she clawed at his tight grip.
“You cannot marry him, Annie,” he said desperately. “Please, see reason for once.”
“Leave,” Antoinette warned completely shocked at Eli’s actions.
Suddenly Adam and Stewart rushed in noticing what was going on for the first time.
“Best be on your way, Mr. Brighton,” Adam suggested politely, holding back his ire. When Eli made no attempt to leave, Stewart stepped forward which made him drop her hand.
“This is not the last of it,” Eli said meaningfully to Annie and left with a warning look at Adam and Stewart.
“Maybe we should go?” Adam suggested and everyone agreed.
Annie was back in her lavender day dress in record timing and soon they were out the door after finalizing the order of her wedding dress with Antoinette. Usually an encounter with Eli would put Annie off for a good day or so but after his irrational behavior at the pond she concluded that Eli had some serious issues that were beyond her control. So in record time she let the matter drop. On their way back to the horses Annie spotted the post office.
“Can we quickly stop in and send this letter to Martha or Everard?” Annie asked. She had written to them many times at the institution and now she was writing to tell them the good news.
“Very quickly,” Stewart agreed feeling a little on edge. They all walked into the postal service and waited in the long line.
The room was tidy enough, with large glass windows and wooden shelves housing general requirements for everyday living. It was more like a simple general store but with a special delivery service attached. This particular service was rather expensive, to pay someone to deliver your letter and/or parcel for you, especially if it was a far distance. Another thing was that you had to trust the establishment not to read or lose your letter. The richer individuals had their servants run their correspondence around but this service was meant for the less wealthy and it was becoming quite popular. Annie probably could have asked one of the boys to get her letter to the institution quicker but she didn’t want to ask them, it felt too demanding and unnecessary with this service available.
Finally it was Annie’s turn and she was greeted with a smile from the clerk. He was dressed sharply in a neat suit.
“Annie Belle…?” The young man said and she looked at him inquisitively.
“I am sorry but do we know each other?” She asked, her eyes narrowing as she tried to place him.
“We once played together in the markets when we were young children,” he hinted. When she looked harder she could see the vague resemblance of a boy she had spent time with many years ago.
“Nathaniel…?” She tested the name and his widening grin indicated that she was right. But she wasn’t sure of his last name so he reminded her.
“Eddon,” he confirmed.
“Yes, Eddon! Nathaniel Eddon,” she repeated. She had remembered the name but didn’t want to say it in case she had been wrong.
She only now noticed that he had soft brown hair that was cut a little shorter for convenience. He had creamy, youthful skin and lovely brown eyes. His face was handsome and kind and his build was quite impressive.
“I must say, you have certainly grown up,” he complimented looking rather pleased with her.
Adam and Stewart looked at each other warily and straightened up behind her to amplify their presence.
“What can I help you with?” Nathaniel asked taking the hint from the two men, looking at the letter in her hands.
“Oh, I would like to send this,” she said placing the letter on the desk and sliding it over to him.
“Certainly,” he said handing her a piece of paper. “Please write the address on the paper and I will see to it personally.”
“You will deliver it yourself?” She wondered thinking that was rather extreme.
“Uh…no,” he said feeling a little embarrassed. “I will ensure it gets into the right hands to be delivered…is what I meant…” he trailed off feeling silly but was soon comforted by Annie’s reassuring smile.
With the ink and quill provided on the table she scribbled the institution’s name, who she was sending it to and the address where the institution’s mail went. Nathaniel looked at it with narrowed eyes.
“Is that where you are sending it?” He asked scrutinizing the address.
“Yes it is…why?” She asked checking to see if she missed something.
“Nothing, I was just under the impression that particular establishment was quite exclusive,” he said vaguely. Adam and Stewart shared another glance and tried to remember if they had ever seen him before.
“I rather suppose it is...is that a problem?” She asked looking at her childhood friend.
“No, it just means it will take longer to arrive there,” he advised acting as if nothing was wrong. And to him there really wasn’t anything wrong, he had just heard rumors about the place.
Annie had sent mail there plenty of times and no else had commented on the address. But she did recall when Nathaniel was young he did have a lot of attention to detail, after all he had been the one to teach her how to tie her hair like his sisters used to. Back in those days it was with a twig but these days it was usually twisted around a tracker’s blade…well, it used to be anyway.
“Oh…that is fine. Whilst I am here can I see if I have any letters?” Annie asked sliding the details to Nathaniel.
“I will look out the back,” he said glancing at Adam and Stewart as he left.
“How do you know him?” Adam asked Annie and she turned to him, not really understanding his question.
“Whatever do you mean?” She questioned.
“Are you sure of who he is?” Stewart interjected.
“Yes, I played with him in the markets when I was a young girl,” Annie answered thinking they were both crazy.
“No letters,” Nathaniel informed as he returned from searching out the back.
“Well, I best pay you,” Annie said hiding her disappointment at having no letters from Martha. After he took her money and gathered her letter and slip with the address on it he gave her a smile.
“We should have dinner some time,” he suggested before she could walk away. He had been very brave to suggest it with Adam and Stewart’s steely gaze resting on him.
“Excuse me but we must go,” Adam said before Annie could answer. He took her arm gently and walked her out of the building.
“Adam, that was rather rude!” She sounded horrified as they headed through the crowd to the horses.
“Well he was rude for presuming he could ask you out to dinner,” Adam rebutted and Stewart agreed whole heartedly as he walked with them.
“Anyone would think he just asked if he could sacrifice me in a pagan ritual by the way you pair are acting,” she joked but they didn’t see the humor in it.
They reasoned that she could do with a little more suspicion in her life, if the past year was anything to go by. She rolled her eyes and gave up trying to convince them to trust people more.
Soon enough they were on their horses riding home, Annie across Adam’s lap and Stewart on his own horse.
“Why not just run back to the manor?” Annie asked, wondering why Stewart rode a horse when he didn’t need to.
“Sometimes just because you can do something does not mean you should or you have to,” he answered taking in a deep breath to smell the scents of the wild flowers. “After eons of being restricted everything is more valuable when it is returned.”
And as it had been mentioned many times before snatchers usually didn’t use their skills unless they needed or wanted to. Their extensive hearing and sight, their quickness and all their other abilities went unused unless they chose to use them. And even then they could choose to use either; all, some or only one of their enhanced senses at a time.
Annie thought for a moment about his comment and soon enough her mind had wandered to the day Stewart was released.
“Do you think Martha and Everard blame me for what happened to…?” She couldn’t say Jory’s name. After a moment of silence Adam spoke.
“I think they are grieving in their own way and they could not cast the blame upon you just as fairly as they could not cast it on themselves,” he reasoned trying to comfort her.
“Maybe we should visit them at the institution?” Annie suggested not looking at either of them.
“They will be here for the wedding,” Stewart decided to answer. “Maybe we can hold off until then.”
Annie decided to let it drop. There was something inside of her that wanted to ignore her fears that she was to blame for what happened to Jory. But every so often it would creep through her and almost choke her, like right now.
Soon enough she would be with Baden and he always helped to calm her. What a salve to rely on, the love of a good man. In fact, thinking of him right now made her want to be with him terribly much but he wouldn’t be there when they got home. But she did know where he would be.
“Boys,” Annie said grabbing their attention. She gave them a mischievous smile and they both new they were in for trouble. “I have a better place to be heading.”
Meanwhile, Baden had taken the opportunity to go into town himself. He had told Annie and the boys his plans so they would know where he was after they got home. He was headed to the bank to get some money out to purchase a few things for the little family from the alley. Annie had said she wanted to meet the family but he had discouraged that, even though he would be with her he didn’t want her in the bad part of town since she was so prone to accidents.
The particular bank he was in was rather renowned for its luxury. He hated using this bank because of how pretentious it was but it was known for its security. The building itself wasn’t that large, the safes out the back were bigger than the bank floor itself but the furniture against the walls were overstuffed, like the patrons, and needlessly fancy. There was an emerald green theme running through the whole bank, except for the tables where the bankers sat. The desks were dark, heavily polished and expensive wood.
As soon as Baden walked in a distinguished looking man came straight up to him. The Brighton brothers were well known for their wealth and were treated with the utmost respect at banking establishments around the area.
There had been some awkward times when Baden had been dividing the family assets but they managed through it easily enough.
“How may I help you today, Mr. Brighton?” The gentleman asked.
Baden hated the formality and he definitely hated dressing up in a ridiculous suit to go to the bank but it was easier than dealing with their pompous attitudes if he didn’t. He just wanted his dealings today to be efficient and easy.
“I would like four coin purses, filled with gold…with enough in each to shop for a family of five, at a variety of stores. Three children, a mother and a father,” Baden instructed clearly. Very efficient and to the point, as usual. He wasn’t sure how much he would need so he left it up to the clerk to decide.
The bank clerk stood there for a moment in confusion until Baden gave him a warning glance which pushed the man into action immediately. The clerk had no idea what type of stores Baden was thinking of but he decided not to ask. It seemed that just overestimating would be fine in this instance. 
Whilst Baden waited he took one of the leather chairs off to the side. He hated waiting and he had very little patience at times like this but he was managing as best he could. Just when he thought the time would drag on even longer two unusual men walked into the bank and they certainly didn’t comply with the outfit criteria in the slightest. They were dressed all in black and were wearing black handkerchiefs around their faces. The most alarming thing was that the two men were holding pistols. So much for ‘the most secure bank’, Baden thought to himself.
He quickly measured up each pistol and decided that they only contained one bullet in each so at worst two people would be shot and injured, or possibly killed? He thought two wasn’t very many in order to keep others safe, but then he realised he wouldn’t want Annie being one of those two people who sacrificed themselves for the sake of others. Although she gladly would be. He rolled his eyes because he was probably going to have to step in here.
Suddenly a woman screamed when she saw the firearms and set the whole bank into frenzy. Before all control could be lost one of the armed men spoke.
“Everybody sit on the floor!” The leader of the two yelled. Baden noticed an accent in the man’s voice. He had spoken to others with the same accent before and he could recognise it as American.
Baden didn’t move but he saw everyone else do as they were told. Baden took a quick look into the two men’s souls to see what type of people they were. The leader of the two seemed ruthless and calculated. He wanted the money at any cost, even if that meant taking a life for it. The other man was just a follower, in fact he was quite nervous about it all and he wasn’t willing to fire his pistol for any reason.
The nervous man began walking over to each of the hostages and telling them to empty their pockets whilst the other started walking over to the bank attendants behind their desks. Baden just sat there casually, face leaning on his hand as if he had nothing better to do right then. Suddenly the nervous one looked over to him when everyone sitting on the floor couldn’t help but stare at him in wonder. The man looked over to his leader in question. It took a moment for the other man to realise that something was up but he eventually looked at Baden also.
“Get on the floor,” the man said sternly but Baden remained where he was. This only irritated the man and he now focused all of his attention Baden. “Did you not here me?”
Baden slowly stood from his chair and the man seemed appeased slightly that he was cooperating, that was until Baden began walking towards him. Baden totally ignored the nervous one, he wasn’t a worry at all.
“Stop!” The leader yelled but it did nothing to scare Baden.
As Baden moved closer to him he raised his gun and yelled another warning to stop or he would kill him. Again this did nothing to stop Baden.
When he was within two yards of the man, he shot his pistol and Baden would have been able to dodge getting hit if the nervous man hadn’t decided to move towards him at the same time the shot was fired. This distracted Baden, stopping his pursuit, and allowing the bullet to penetrate his left shoulder. He didn’t even react to the bullet, keeping his focus on the thieves. Everyone screamed and gasped in horror but when Baden didn’t fall down, or cringe at all, everyone assumed that the bullet had missed.
Baden turned and gave one hit to the nervous man’s face and he was out cold on the floor. There was no use in killing him, he was harmless and seemingly useless in the robbery itself. Now Baden turned back to the other man, he didn’t have time to be wasting on this nonsense so he made his way over to him as quickly as he could without revealing his real speed to everyone. The man tried to lunge for his unconscious friend’s pistol that still had a bullet but Baden caught him before he could get too far. The man noticed that Baden had actually been shot but didn’t look affected by the bullet at all. He looked at Baden as if to say, what are you?
Without another moment to waste Baden spun the man around so he was facing the hostages and held him with one arm around his neck. He used his other arm to push against the back of his head. Instinctively he was about to kill the man by breaking his neck but he looked around at everyone’s horror filled faces. What surprised Baden most was that their horror was directed at what he was about to do. They would judge him for killing a man that was willing to kill them? He couldn’t understand their reasoning. But seeing the fear in their eyes he loosened his grip and hit the man over the head, knocking him unconscious.
Baden let the man fall to the ground without breaking his fall and casually walked over to the clerk who had been helping him earlier. The man sat on the floor completely gob smacked, barely keeping grasp of the four small satchels of gold that Baden had requested from him.
“Thank you,” Baden said quietly with a polite nod of his head to the gentleman.
The man just nodded slightly, mouth agape and everyone watched as Baden left as if he hadn’t just saved them from a terror filled day.
When Baden was out of sight of the bank he quickly ducked into a close by alley and removed his jacket. He unclasped a few buttons to slip his arm out of his sleeve and dug his fingers into his wound to remove the bullet. Without so much as flinching he dug the shards out and threw the bloody mess on the ground. He put his shirt back on, flicked on his coat and walked out of the alley, everyone none the wiser. The bullet would have been pushed out during his body’s healing process but it was much faster to remove it himself.
He went to a few specific stores that day; a toy store, a clothing store, a furniture store and the food markets. He ordered enough toys and clothes for the family to last a good while, enough food to last weeks and he also set up an account that he would pay so the family could go to the markets or general store whenever they needed to get food or other things. He bought new furniture to fill a small cottage at the edge of town that he owned, where the family could live out their lives comfortably.
He instructed all of the store clerks to arrange the items to be taken to the cottage and for them to wait for the family there to welcome them to their new home and to show them around the area. With Baden’s generous compensation each of the clerks were more than willing to assist in the endeavor.
After Baden had done all of the organising he made his way back to the dirty alley way, to the family’s small house. He moved through the narrow walkway, making sure to stay out of the way of kids playing. The children were in the middle of a game of kicks with an old, ruddy-leather ball. But as simple as their game and equipment was they were all having such fun.
Baden knocked on the old wooden door and waited a moment as he heard the woman make her way to the door. She opened it and a look of surprise covered her face when she saw him. She looked cleaner this time and much more composed than the last time he saw her.
“Come in,” she offered in a quiet voice. She had never expected to see him again even after he had told her husband that he would be back. It had been a month so she thought it was an empty threat. She felt a little nervous as to what he might do.
Baden walked through the small entrance, ducking as he entered the place. It was even smaller than he remembered and Simon was nowhere to be seen. The children sat on the floor looking up at him with something akin to awe and almost fear, like they were unsure of what to think.
The little girl named Annie was not afraid at all, she ran up to Baden immediately and threw her arms out to him. He picked her up wanting to bring the little child up to his level and she willingly let him. She smiled wide and held nothing but admiration for this stranger. It felt like she wanted to say something but didn’t. He looked over to the little girl’s mother in question.
“She…cannot speak,” she informed. “She was born mute.”
Baden looked back to the little girl and it made him feel strange. It was as if she had spoken to him already, with those big brown eyes that held all of her emotion. Baden smiled with teary eyes and the little girl made a cute little face that brought joy to his heart.
Suddenly the door was opened and in stepped Simon. He looked over at Baden immediately and stopped when they caught eyes. Simon humbly walked in with a small loaf of bread intended to feed his family, which he place on the one little table in the corner.
Baden immediately went into action, he looked into Simon’s soul and could see it was mending from the last time he saw it. He then opened up everyone’s souls to his eyes so he could gage the truth.
“Have you drunk any liquor since I was here a month ago?” Baden asked tersely.
Simon just shook his head no and Baden could see truth in his soul. He looked around to all the family members and could see that they honestly agreed and they all looked rather…content.
“How often did you use to drink?” Baden asked wanting to see if him not drinking for a month was even an accomplishment.
“At least five nights in one week,” Simon answered shamefully. His wife placed an arm around him to comfort him and Baden could see their love had grown.
Baden simply nodded and looked back to the little Annie he held in his arms. She was just staring up at him with wide eyed love and it filled Baden with peace.
“Well, I will say my goodbyes…” Baden said sadly. “And if I may, I will leave you with one last thing.”
The family looked at him in question and he simply smiled. He walked towards the door and motioned for them all to follow him. Keeping Annie in his arms he led them out of the alley way and to a waiting topless carriage that he had arranged. Simon helped his family into the carriage and Baden stood there holding onto the little girl. He looked at her with all the kindness in his heart and she wrapped her little arms around his neck. After they had their lovely goodbye he handed the cherished little one back to her parents.
“This carriage will take you to somewhere you can begin anew.” That is all Baden said before he nodded to the silent carriage driver. And the little family was off to their new home.
Baden stood there for a moment, watching them drive away but he became distracted by someone close by. One soul in particular that would never go unnoticed by him, nor would he want it to.
He looked across the street and saw Annie, Adam and Stewart standing close by. Adam and Stewart were trying to ignore Baden’s glare as Annie came running up to him.
“Is that the little family?” Annie asked with an excited smile. Baden looked from her to the two who had kept their distance from Baden.
“What on earth are you doing here?” He asked, though it sounded more like an accusation.
“I made Adam and Stewart bring me here so we could find you and meet the special family,” Annie explained with a smile. She was so proud of Baden and she wanted to at least see the family he had been helping.
“Oh did you?” Baden asked as he looked at the two men behind her. They quickly looked away to try and act unaware of any wrong doing. “It is funny that a young, human woman could control two rather strong…but idiotic snatchers,” he spoke harshly. Annie rolled her eyes at what she found to be useless worry on his part.
“It is fine, let us forget it and take me to meet the family,” Annie almost demanded.
“You do realise that you have narrowly missed being held up in a bank robbery,” Baden said trying to distract Annie from her line of thinking. It’s not that he didn’t want to take Annie to meet the family he just didn’t want to be doing something kind for once and seem as if he was boasting about it.
“A bank rob…” Annie began to say animatedly then she paused, realising his tactic. She didn’t care if there were ten bank robberies she wasn’t going to be distracted that easily. “You can tell me of the events of your day whilst we ride!”
She took his hand and began dragging him off towards where her horse was. On the way past he gave Adam and Stewart a warning glare to tell them they were in immense trouble for bringing her to the bad part of town. Stewart and Adam both pointed at each other in accusation and Baden just rolled his eyes.
“It is not as if you are resisting her charms any better than we did,” Adam called out to him when they were a fair distance away.
“Glory above, Adam! Are you deranged? Do not anger it!” Stewart said, slapping Adam’s arms.
“Well, it is true,” Adam reasoned to defend himself. He rubbed his arm where it had been hit and followed Stewart as he walked away.
As they rode, Baden told Annie of his eventful day as they rode and she was completely enthralled by the craziness of it. He loved sharing his life with Annie and he loved that they cared so much about each other’s life. Even the smallest most boring details were important to them because it was about knowing each other intimately.
Soon enough they were at the little cottage where the family had already made it to. When Annie heard the children’s excited squeals and the happiness flowing from the house her eyes filled with tears.
“Wait,” she said quietly to Baden and he pulled the horse to a stop. She fluttered her hand about to try and push away the tears. “Let us not interrupt their moment of joy.”
Baden looked down at her sweet face and smiled at how lovely she was. Even though she wanted to meet this little family she didn’t want to intrude on their lives. And her selflessness was one for the many reasons he loved her so. With a quick kiss atop her head he turned the horse around and they slowly made their way home as the sun began to set.
Baden was happy for the little family who now had a home but it made him wonder just how many people needed help out there.
He was happy that in this instance Simon had been able to make a change for the better but he knew that there would be many times when people would fall short of improving themselves and it made him angry. Even after his moment of kindness he still struggled with the thought of how many evils there were in the world and he found it difficult to keep his anger composed. And worst still, he was one of those evils.
But holding Annie in his arms helped to calm him and he knew the reason he had any desire to help anyone was because of the unconditional love she gave to so many, especially him.
And the joy Annie had in her heart for the family and their new home, even when she hadn’t ever met them, challenged Baden. If she could care for humanity simply for being human there was hope for them all.

CHAPTER 8:

Taru had been keeping an eye on Annie since the day she had changed everyone’s lives with her actions. Everything she had expected to happen was going along smoothly and now was probably as good a time as any to start the last stages of her plan. That is why she was going to Oliver. It was one of his smaller castles, well hidden as they usually were, and under furnished because he found his wealth better spent on other things than decorations that would never be used.
“Well, look who decided to grace us with her presence,” Oliver said sarcastically as he came upon two of his own at the castle entry, now dead at her hands.
As usual he was in his all black military-style uniform. He looked at the two snatchers now dead on the ground wearing his unique armor.
“Why do you have to waste my men so unnecessarily?” He asked as he peered down at the spoils of a mentally unbalance snatcher. He nudged one of the bodies with his foot and inspected that the armor was still usable. “Such a waste.”
“Tell them not to look at me and they will not die,” she said casually, obviously not fazed by the fact she just killed two snatchers.
“I hope you are here to live up to your part of the agreement,” he changed the subject, losing his patience with her.
“Look who grew into a big boy,” she said patronizingly as she stepped past him into the castle.
They went to his chambers and she sat on an overstuffed chair, looking out of place in her simple peasant dress. Unlike the rest of the castle his chambers were decorated to the extreme, he even had a ridiculously large bed with royal looking sheets and pillows. The room was very masculine and haughty.
“Feel free to make yourself at home,” he said acerbically as he closed the door. He took a seat on the other side of the room, not wanting to be anywhere near her.
“Do not be tedious, I have come to make arrangements with you in regards to Annie,” she said looking at him with hatred.
“Pray tell, what is to be done about the fact that I have not gained my prize and the year is swiftly closing?” He asked, relishing his advantage.
“Do you ever hear yourself speak sometimes? You sound like a pompous fool,” she insulted him easily.
“Are we here to do business or are we here to insult each other?” He asked sick and tired of her games.
“Most probably both but let me begin with my request,” she said.
“Your request? This was not part of the agreement,” he reminded.
“It was part of the agreement, I just had not stated it yet,” she informed, revealing the loophole.
“And if I do not agree?” He asked standing up and wandering around the room as if he were not afraid of her.
“You die,” she said easily.
“I will die? Maybe you will?” He threatened arrogantly referring to the secret she had revealed to him about her possible demise. Before he could turn to her she had him pinned with his face mashed into the ground.
“Do not forget who can kill the other without another’s assistance shall we, Oliver?” She warned pushing against him a little harder before she released him.
In a flash they were both on their feet and staring each other down.
“Fine,” he agreed, giving in. “What is it that you need?”
“I will be bringing another here for you to hold captive, however you must not harm him,” she clarified. “He must be locked away in a comfortable room and tended to as his needs arise.”
“Will it be a snatcher that is joining us?” He asked through gritted teeth.
“He will be human,” she said with a bitter smile on her face.
“And when will he be joining us here?”
“Shortly…as will Annie,” she reminded him. The last part seemed to placate him well enough.
“So be it,” he gave in seeing no need to argue. Taru eyed him suspiciously for a moment.
“Tell me, Oliver. What is your strange obsession with Annie?” She asked abruptly tilting her head to one side like a bird. Instead of answering he looked away as if to hide something. “Is it that she reminds you of that young one I killed years ago? The one you wanted?”
“It may be difficult for a creature like you, with no heart to comprehend emotion, but I was in love with that girl you needlessly murdered!” He said with bite. “But that is not the reason I want her.”
“Then tell me by all means, why a selfless, thoughtful creature as yourself would steal her away from her true love?” She asked mockingly, insulting him as much as he had her.
“I have my reasons,” is all he said.
“I am sure they are pathetic,” she spoke her harsh thoughts without hesitation. “I will be back when I need to be.” Then she was gone.

Adam, Stewart, Baden and Annie all sat in the library one afternoon playing a game of cards when they had an unexpected visitor. They were all dressed rather casually because none of them intended to go out, instead having a lazy day at home. The boys simply had loose trousers and undershirts on and Annie had a very old, faded day dress. It used to be a light green but now was almost unrecognisable from fading.
“I hear congratulations are in order for Mr. Brighton and Miss Belle,” Micah announced standing in the doorway of the library.
When they all looked around he walked over and pulled a seat up next to Annie. Though the men had agreed that Micah could visit and that he did seem to be changing his old ways, it still didn’t mean they were comfortable with him in Annie’s presence.
“Yes, you are correct,” Annie said proudly, holding her hand out to display her ring. Micah gave a low whistle in appreciation of the fine ring.
“Lovely design, unusual compared to others,” he remarked.
“Baden designed it,” she said even more proudly.
“Well, I never thought I would see the day,” Micah commented mordantly as a joke, looking over at Baden.
“I could still rip your heart out any day of the week,” Baden replied as he arranged his cards casually without looking at Micah. Annie rolled her eyes and decided to ignore Baden’s over reaction.
“Why are you letting these men take advantage of you?” Micah asked and it gained the attention of the table. Annie’s brow furrowed in question as his face broke into a smile. “You have always been rubbish at cards and here you are playing by yourself!”
“Just because I lost to you occasionally does not make me rubbish,” Annie argued holding her cards to her chest indignantly.
“If by occasionally you mean constantly,” he retorted, flicking his fingers towards him to signal that she should show him her cards. After a moment’s hesitation she gave in and showed him her hand. “Just as I suspected.”
“What?” Annie asked looking at her cards again in case she had missed something.
“Rubbish,” he said and it earned him a slap on the arm.
“Out of curiosity, how did you hear the news of our engagement?” Baden asked.
“After Eli’s display in Antoinette’s shop Eli was busy about town in a foul mood and news spread quickly of the most gossiped about love story in the area,” Micah explained. “And do not think the word has not spread through the snatcher community. It seems to be the news of the century for some.”
Stewart, Adam and Annie had frozen when Micah told Baden about Eli. They had opted not to tell him thinking it would make things worse and since no harm was done there seemed no need to. Baden threw his cards on the table, leaned over and looked at Annie.
“Eli spoke with you in town?” He asked and she looked everywhere but at his face. Eventually she was staring at her cards so intently she thought she might burn a hole through them.
Micah realised what he had done and tried to think of a way to help Annie but there was no use.
“Would you look at the time?!” Micah said as if her were surprised. “I think I best be on my way. See you again sometime, Annie,” he said before he made his quick exit.
“Yes, I too have something that needs to be done urgently,” Adam agreed as he stumbled to his feet and moved to leave.
“Let me help you,” Stewart called out as he rushed after him.
“Do you think it was fair of us to leave Annie in there with him alone?” Adam asked Stewart when they were out of the room.
“More than fair!” Stewart declared. “If we were in there he would kill us by pulling us apart piece by piece. The only method he would use on Annie would be to kill her with kisses,” Stewart reasoned. “Now let us race to the trees!” He declared before he tripped Adam and ran on his way.
Annie sat there under Baden’s steely gaze trying to avoid having to tell the story.
“What did he do?” Baden asked calmly.
“It truly was nothing,” she insisted as she stood to pack up the cards.
“Then why did you not tell me?” He argued, standing with her and taking her hand in his so she had to focus on him. She looked up at him and seeing his pleading eyes she couldn’t help but give in.
She told him what happened and it was obvious he was holding back his anger.
“Baden, nothing happened,” she repeated to try and make him calm down.
“Maybe he did not take my meaning the last time I visited him,” he said under his breath but she still heard it.
“Do not go over there!” She almost yelled. He looked at her without saying a word.
“Promise me,” she demanded when he didn’t respond. He took in a deep breath to calm himself.
“Fine,” he surrendered. He took her into his arms and laughed a little. “My promise does not protect those other buffoons that were with you,” he said referring to Adam and Stewart.
“I am sure they are shaking in their boots,” she joked as she went back to cleaning up the cards. He helped her clean up as he laughed to himself at how she didn’t find him frightening in the least.
“Do you know that I love you?” He asked, purposely encroaching on her personal space.
“More and more each moment,” she answered by mimicking his own words he had used many times.
She gave him a quick kiss and walked around him to the shelf to put the cards away. When she turned back around he was right behind her. Using his arms either side of her to trap her in, he placed his hands on the shelf behind and leaned in towards her.
“More than you know,” he whispered and moved in to kiss her.
“I told you he would only kill her with kisses,” Stewart said as he and Adam stood at the door of the library. Annie and Baden looked over to them annoyed they had ruined the moment.
“Not so terrifying now,” Adam teased.
Baden grabbed a book and threw it at the pair and as they ran away to dodge it, still managing to hit Stewart square in the back on his retreat.
Then Baden picked up where he left off.

CHAPTER 9:

So time passed and Annie planned the big day with Baden.
An official date had not been set for the wedding but they had to at least wait for the dress to be made and Antoinette seemed rather particular in making it perfectly.
One afternoon Annie was lying next to Baden writing poetry as he stretched out on the bed reading a book. She liked the way his loose shirt fell off his shoulder a little, exposing the skin of his chest. He rather enjoyed how her dress hitched up a little higher around her legs as she rested on her stomach, playfully kicking them around the air behind her as she wrote. He had bought her a portable wooden ‘desk’ that held an inkwell and quill holder. It was only slightly larger than the paper itself but it was useful, obviously it didn’t have legs like a table would.
“Baden, can we go to the institution?” Annie asked him as they lay in their room. He looked up from his book as if she had lost her senses.
“Do you think that is a wise idea?” He asked flicking to the next page of his book. He didn’t seem to be taking her too seriously.
“Why would it not be?” She asked indignantly, deciding to let her offence show. He looked back up to her from under his brow.
“Maybe it would be best if we postponed the visit until you have been changed,” he suggested and again he went back to reading his book.
“Or maybe we could go tomorrow,” she almost demanded, finding it annoying how he just brushed it off like it was nothing. He set the book down and sat up against the headboard.
“Everard and Martha will be here for the wedding so you will see them then,” he reminded.
“But what if I want to see them now?” She could feel her stubbornness rising in her. Why shouldn’t she be able to see them if she wanted to?
“Let me change you and we can,” he negotiated.
“You always bring that up when you want me to back down,” she said as she jumped off the bed and threw the sheets of scribbled paper down that she had been holding. “Well this time I will be straight with you. I do not want to be changed yet because Jory and I made a deal that we would be changed together and now he is dead! Everard and Martha hate me and blame me for it and so do I!” She blurted out in rage that was mostly aimed at herself. Baden stood up and came around to her.
“No one blames you, Annie,” he assured as he pulled her closer to him.
“Well they should! I need to see them, Baden. It has been so long, too long. Please,” she beseeched grabbing hold of his shirt almost desperately. He gently placed his hands over hers and moved his head close to hers.
“Annie, we need to keep you safe,” he said softly trying to soothe her. “We can wait until you are ready to be changed but until then I suggest we hold off on the trip to the institution.”
Before she could argue her point Adam came bursting through the door.
“Baden, Eli is here and he is demanding to see Annie,” he said frantically. His clothes were disheveled as if he had been in a scuffle.
“Stay here,” Baden said sternly to Annie and he left before she could refuse, locking the door behind him.
She walked up to the door and tried to open it but he had locked her in. He had actually taken away her freedom and locked her in the room like a prisoner.
As she stood there in compete shock and frustration a ruckus came from the other side of the room.
“It is a mad house down there!” Micah announced as he unexpectedly climbed through the window. With two feet on the ground he brushed himself off from the climb.
“What is going on?” Annie asked rushing to the window. She leaned out as far as she could without falling to try and see around the wall to the front of the manor but it was useless.
“Last I saw, Adam had taken a thumping from your ‘guest’ then Stewart was holding off an irate looking Eli,” he answered as he came to the window to peer out. “I do say he has a bad temper that one. I snuck in, best if he does not see me.”
Annie looked to Micah and a thought played in her mind. The last time they were at this window they were about to make an escape. She measured his attire for her idea, just a casual suit that looked sturdy enough.
“Micah, I think you and I need to go for a little adventure,” she said ignoring the voice of reason in her mind. Micah looked worried.
“What kind of adventure?” He asked warily.
“I am on my way to the institution, you should join me!” She said running and grabbing a sheet to use as a bindle. She started to gather her most compactable dresses and other items she may need. At the last minute she grabbed a small coin purse full of gold and silver coins out of her drawer and put it with her things.
“Have you completely lost your mind?” He asked watching her frantic rush.
“No,” she answered to try and convince herself that she hadn’t. “But possibly my senses,” she joked.
“We cannot go!” He said panicked that she was serious.
She completely ignored what he said, tied her bindle and threw it out the window so it landed with a soft thump on the ground. They stared down at her belongings for a moment.
She ran back through the room and grabbed her training gear, ran behind the partition and dressed as quickly as she could. She almost fell over herself in her rush to get her boots on as Micah stood there in shock. Soon enough she was clad in tight leather pants, fitted shirt and vest and her sturdy boots. She quickly pulled her hair back in a plait so it was out of the way.
“Come along,” she said as she climbed out onto the white window lattice, covered in vines.
“You do realise that you are propositioning a soul snatcher to venture alone with you to a place full of other soul snatchers,” he summarised trying to make her see sense.
She ignored him and kept climbing down. Her footing slipped a little but she quickly grabbed hold tightly of the flimsy trellis that was her only life line. Micah’s heart jumped to his throat then he calmed down when he saw that she had regained herself.
“You are insufferable,” he said giving in and jumping out of the window. He landed gracefully on the ground with ease.
“Show off,” she called down to him trying to distract herself from her own nerves.
“Just a moment,” he called up to her and before she realised he had left and returned. With him he brought a horse, saddled and ready to go. He tied her bundle to the saddle and stepped under the lattice.
“Jump,” he called up to her.
“Excuse me?” She asked breathlessly as she continued her slow descent.
“Jump and I will catch you,” he said holding out his arms as if to prove he would. She looked over her shoulder as far as she could.
“What if you do not?” She asked starting to see the stupidity of her own idea. He lowered his hands to his sides exasperated.
“Take note of who you are talking to,” he joked, acting as if he was too good for her concern.
After a moment’s hesitation she let go of her good sense completely and let go of her ladder.
And she fell.
He stretched out his arms and caught her, realising just in time that she had done so.
“You almost dropped me,” she accused as he set her on her feet.
“Next time, warn me before you jump,” he said hiding the fact he had been worried he would drop her.
She rolled her eyes and jumped up on the horse. Usually when she got onto a horse someone would help her up, this time Micah just watched trying to hold back his laughter. Her mounting skill was anything but graceful, at best it was a wonky, but she got there none the less.
“Wait,” she said before he could start them on their way. She pulled off her engagement ring and handed it down to him. “Can you put this on my bedside table? I do not want to lose it.”
Micah carefully took it from her and shot back up into the room. He placed it gently on the table and was back with her in a flash. He grabbed the reins and started running at a brisk pace.
“Not riding with me?” She asked feeling vulnerable so high up on the horse by herself. She crouched lower to make it easier to ride and brace herself.
“I can sense things better when I am not so close to you,” he said unashamedly and she smiled at his compliment. Like other snatchers he wasn’t immune to her overwhelming soul, even if he couldn’t see it like some of them. “And if anything happens I can be quicker to respond if I am down here.”
“I am glad one of us has some sense about us,” she said trying not to imagine how angry Baden was going to be with her.
“Just promise me when your betrothed catches up with us that you will do all you can to prevent him from murdering me,” he said half joking-half serious.
“Promise me you will do the same for me,” she bargained completely seriously.
He gave her a concerned look as he took them further away from the manor and towards the institution.
Baden, Adam and Stewart finally got the Eli situation under control. Most of the time it was Adam and Stewart holding the brothers back from each other, which was no easy feat. Stewart tried to contain Baden but how do you overpower the most powerful?
Only a few blows were handed out between the brothers and seeing that he couldn’t get in, Eli left in a not-so-gracious manner.
“Next time try not to inflict injury on the one trying to assist you,” Stewart said moving his hand to feel the damage Baden had left when he had shoved Stewart’s arm from grabbing him.
“Sorry,” Baden apologised gruffly but Stewart still knew he meant it, regardless of the tone. Baden straightened himself up and headed towards the bedroom.
“Are you sure you do not want to calm down before you go to her?” Stewart suggested before Baden could reach the stairs.
Baden waited a moment before he went to the bedroom door and unlocked it but he didn’t open it. He hesitated, remembering how angry Annie had been. In his distracted state he completely missed the fact that the room was empty and that he couldn’t sense her nearby. He was completely infuriated with his brother and didn’t think it would be best to try to talk sense into her right now.
“I will be downstairs when you are ready to talk,” he spoke through the door and with that he left.
When night had fallen and Annie still hadn’t come down Baden began to worry. He decided to go up to her to rectify any bitterness between them. He thought some time to cool off was what they both needed but obviously it needed to be addressed at some point.
Without knocking he went into the room and froze. The window was open, letting the cool breeze blow in. Everywhere he looked there was no Annie and every time he searched for her his soul panicked more. She was gone. How? Where? Had someone taken her or did she leave willingly?
He looked over to find the ring placed on the bedside table and it tormented him as soon as he saw it. His gift of love to her, his promise…just left
Slowly he walked through the room and, in an action juxtaposed to the calm silence, he picked up the closest chair and smashed it against the ground into a thousand tiny pieces, never to be put back together again.
Stewart and Adam where there in an instant and found the room empty of Annie just as Baden had.
“Where is she?” Adam asked confused.
“She has left,” Baden answered painfully. If only he had went into the room earlier, if only he had given more attention he would have noticed she was gone sooner. But when she was upset or angry at him he would try to give her some space, which included not looking into her soul.
He walked over and picked up the ring not really believing it. Adam and Stewart looked at each other shocked at what it all seemed to be adding up to.
“Do not be ridiculous,” Adam reasoned, stepping forward and looking at the ring Baden held. “I refuse to believe that she ran away from you, Baden. She loves you.”
“Maybe she just realised that she could not love a monster,” he said looking at the ring closely. He imagined how lovely it had looked on her hand and how privileged he had felt to know she was his.
And for the first time ever, Adam and Stewart saw Baden’s eyes fill with pain as the tears spilled silently onto his face.

CHAPTER 10:

Micah and Annie had to stop for the night. Her backside was numb and her back hurt from the constant pace of the horse. Annie had brought some money so they decided to stay at a small tavern located just off the track. It was surrounded by trees but was busy enough to be respectable.
It was late in the night and lights came through the humble, wooden structure. It was large enough with plenty of room. Micah tied their horse and helped Annie off it. She grabbed her things off the mount and they headed for the door.
“Keep close to me,” he said eyeing the two men smoking out the front. The men watched them all the way to the front door until it was closed behind them.
The entrance opened up straight into the bar area where there was a small folk band playing a merry tune and men sitting around playing cards or eating or both. Everyone glanced over to them when they came in but didn’t stop what they were doing. After a few moments of curiosity most of the gawkers lost interest but some gazes still lingered on them as they approached the service desk.
The establishment was clean enough. The furniture was a little dated but neat and tidy none the less. Everything was arranged in an orderly fashion with the customers ranging from roughens to gentlemanly façades.
This definitely was not the place that Everard had taken them to on her first journey to the institution. The main thing disturbing Annie at that moment was the noticeable lack of women.
“A room please,” Micah said to the man behind the desk. He was tall, casually dressed and his beard covered his smile. That’s if he was even smiling. He looked at them for a moment before he walked into the back room.
“One room?” Annie whispered angrily.
“I think it will be in your best interest if you have a male presence with you at all times, especially one that does not need a weapon to kill,” he answered before the man returned.
“Room seventeen,” he said as he handed Micah the key. The attendant held out his hand waiting for money.
“How much?” Micah asked as Annie subtly slipped him her small purse.
“How much do you have?” He said meaningfully. Micah’s face turned into a scowl and he leaned forward so the attendant could see his face clearly.
“How much?” Micah growled with a fierceness close to murder.
“Two bits,” the attendant answered using the jargon term from the area but Micah new what it meant.
He handed him the coins he was asking for and with one more warning glance, Micah took Annie to the room. He locked the door behind them and lit the lamp.
“Quaint,” she said looking around at the sparse room. There was one small bed with a homemade quilt, one feather pillow and a wooden reading chair.
She put her things on the bed and looked at Micah awkwardly. He sat in the reading chair lazily and tried to seem casual.
“Do not fret, I will sit here in the chair all night,” he promised dramatically like it would be a form of punishment.
Annie had already opened her little bundle so she grabbed the nearest book she could find and threw it at him when he wasn’t looking. The surprise of it startled him when it hit his chest but he managed to catch it and casually looked at the title.
“This is a woman’s book,” he said with a repugnant look.
“Who says that?” She argued looking through her things to find something to sleep in. He studied the title once again then suspiciously opened it up to the first page.
“Thrilling,” he said under his breath as he started to read the first words. Annie cleared her throat and raised her eyebrows at him. He looked up and stared at her. “What is it?” He asked panicked that he had missed some warning of imminent danger.
“I need to get dressed.”
“Oh…” And before he said anything else he was out the door. She quickly got dressed in her most modest nightgown and soon he was back in his chair reading.
“Goodnight Micah,” she said as she pulled the covers back and laid down. He snuffed out the light so she could sleep better, he wouldn’t need it to see anyway.
“Goodnight Annie,” he responded and the room soon fell into silence.
Well into the wee hours, when Micah had become enthralled in the book Annie had thrown at him, he heard something outside. He stopped reading and quietly placed his book on the floor beside him. He concentrated on what he heard for a moment and when he was sure he had recognised it he ran out of the room, locking Annie in. Then he ran towards what he heard.
As Annie lay there sleeping she turned over to her side and reached her arm out for Baden. Feeling him next to her she smiled and moved closer to him.
“I missed you,” she said softly cuddling up next to him.
He wrapped his arms around her, enjoying the moment. He took a deep breath in smelling her hair, his hand drifted up and down her back longingly. When Annie had time to wake up everything started drifting back to her. She was in a tavern, in the bed alone. Suddenly she realised it wasn’t Baden next to her.
“It has been a long time since I have seen you,” Oliver whispered in her ear.
Annie pushed her arms against his chest to try and move away but it was no use, he had her in a vice like grip.
“Where is Micah?” She asked looking around the dark room trying to spot him.
“He is preoccupied at the moment,” Oliver answered vaguely.
“Is he hurt?” She was starting to panic but there was nothing she could do.
“From what I am aware he should return in some time but let us not waste the time we have together,” he suggested it as if she wanted to be there. “Let us take this time to enjoy each other.” When she continued to fight against his hold he rolled his eyes and let her go. “We will do it your way then,” he said giving up. He lit the lamp close by and sat in the reading chair in the corner.
“I thought you were Baden,” she said sitting up in the bed looking around to find it was only the two of them in there.
She noticed that he was dressed in his usual black though this time he only wore a peasant shirt and loose pants. So much more open and unguarded, it suited him.
“Insults will not be necessary,” Oliver said casually.
“You are right, I should not say insulting things about my betrothed in comparing him to you,” she said spitefully.
Oliver’s face dropped and he looked horrified. Suddenly he was on the bed, grabbing her left hand and pulling it towards him. When he saw no ring on her finger he let go but remained close to her on the bed, very close.
“Lies are not becoming on you, my dear Annie,” he said looking relieved. There was no use in arguing with him so she let it go.
“Well, maybe…your face is not becoming, ever thought of that?” She asked mockingly and randomly to try and insult him.
It was a stupid retort but his face was so close it was all she could think of at the moment. His lips slid into a sly smile knowing he was making her nervous.
“I have been told quite the opposite by many,” he replied happily. 
She folded her arms stubbornly. She didn’t feel frightened that he would hurt her, she was frightened because he had probably come to steal her again. She scolded herself for running away on an angry, immature whim. Baden was right, it was a dangerous idea to go the institution and Oliver’s presence was proof of that.
“Why are you here?” She asked angrily, her annoyance fueling her stupidity. “Are you going to abduct me once again?” He placed his hand to his chest as if he was sorely offended.
“I am here merely to visit someone dear in my life,” he assured reaching out to touch her face. She moved her face away and he let it go.
“If I am dear to you then you will promise not to take me away…ever?” She bargained.
“I swear to you that I will not abduct you, Annie,” he guaranteed and if she didn’t know any better she would have believed him. He looked as if he was telling the truth.
“What about one of your minions?” She pointed out.
“None of them either,” he added easily not looking concerned by doing so.
“Will you leave me now?” He couldn’t blame her for trying but he refused her.
“I am only here to talk,” he placated. “How do you feel about that?”
“Not very pleased.”
“Too bad,” he responded immediately, cutting her off.
She could see she didn’t have a choice in the matter so she started thinking of ways she could use this to her advantage.
“Tell me,” he began. “Why would someone like yourself waste your time on someone like Baden?”
“What do you know of Baden?” She snapped at him defensively.
“What do you know of him?” He challenged.
“I may not know much of what he once was but I do know who he is now,” she answered. Oliver nodded his head showing that he was impressed at her loyalty and trust.
“I suppose the best of us have our low points.” He shocked her with his answer. He had actually made an allowance for Baden.
“Tell me of your low points?” She asked. The look on his face showed that he was taken off guard.
He thought for a long moment before he answered. He never spoke of this to anyone but for some reason Annie evoked so much feeling in him that he didn’t think he could keep it in.
“I have mentioned this before,” he said looking off to the side before looking back to her. “The one that Taru took from me.”
“The one you loved?” Annie clarified.
“I met her and we were to wed in the spring.” His voice was wistful and his eyes looked full of regret.
“How did you meet her?”
“Amaury and I had established the institution and were well into a good endeavor together, he trusted me and I him. He introduced us after she had come back from living with her aunt in France and the day I met her I fell in love. I had put off changing her at the advice of Amaury.” Regret sounded in his voice as he remembered his poor judgment.
“Oliver…?” Annie said his name softly when he didn’t continue. He quickly snapped out of his daze and came back to reality.
“So our wedding day came swiftly and…without me knowing, Amaury had taken her to Taru. As soon as I realised she had been taken I looked for them...I realised what he had done.” He tried to hold back the pain in his heart. “And when I found Amaury and Taru….” Oliver lost his battle with his emotions as tears welled in his eyes. “She was already dead.”
“Why would he do that?” Annie asked, horrified.
“Because Amaury wants Taru,” Oliver answered. She looked at him confused at his words. “He thinks he loves her,” he simplified.
“What do you mean ‘thinks?” She asked needing more.
“Who could ever love her?” He reasoned as if it were obvious. “She is a sinister creature who only thinks of her own desires.”
“And you are not?” Annie caught him out with his own words. She was not defending Taru, she couldn’t stand the thought of the one who had stolen Jory from her. But Oliver was just the same. He first smiled then laughed but there was no humor in it.
“People like to make snatchers out to be these evil creatures that only think about killing, perverting purity and what not.”
“What are you then?” She asked.
“When we are changed we are the same person we were before, only stronger. Our individual traits are amplified to the nth degree so really, we are more ourselves than humans. The difference is that we must battle our desire for survival with our conscience. Most of my kind needs a soul or blood to live, so tell me what you would have them do?” He challenged.
“But they could live on blood alone and it does not need to be fatal to anyone. They murder for no reason,” she argued.
“Of course there are snatchers that murder! There are also humans that murder but they do not have the excuse of survival to attribute it to, it is for their sick desires. Sometimes there are snatchers who kill because they cannot control themselves whilst trying to merely survive. Let us see how well you would manage being put in the face of temptation?” He challenged. “Being changed leaves you bitter and it is difficult to retain your humanity when you are labeled as a monster,” he said the words defensively. It obviously hurt him to be what he was. “I am sure Baden would agree with me, after all his own brother has betrayed him in ways that I cannot even fathom.”
Annie just sat there staring at him not being able to ignore his point. When she was accusing snatchers she had not been referring to the people she loved but then she realised that’s what they were, snatchers. She didn’t agree with snatchers murdering but she had seen firsthand the judgment placed on them by the trackers alone.
“What is Taru after?” Annie asked hating the taste the name left in her mouth.
“That is a mystery to us all. She has been after someone in particular her entire existence but so far has failed. I do not even think she knows who it is,” he answered.
“Then why is she searching so earnestly? Why does she do the things she does?” She tried to hold back her own emotions now.
“No one knows why she does what she does, we only know that she does everything she does for a reason. There is always meaning behind her actions and they are always for her benefit.”
“Tell me about her,” Annie asked going back to what they were speaking about earlier. “Tell me of the one you loved.” She wanted to bring out the human side of him.
“She was so beautiful it would take my breath away every time I saw her,” his voice was tender as he spoke. “But it was more than just her beauty that swept me away. She made everything make sense, all the hurt that was before her I had forgotten and eternity looked hopeful after so long of feeling defeated.”
“And she knew you were a snatcher?” Annie asked not noticing he had moved closer to her.
“She did and she loved me anyway,” he answered looking at her face intently. “Her heart was like yours. It was kind and needed protecting.” His eyes were filled with something she hadn’t seen there before and he said the words so softly it made her heart skip a beat. It looked like it hurt him to say them.
This time when he reached out to touch her she didn’t flinch away. He tucked a stray hair behind her ear so he could see her face clearly. His face was closer than she realised and he leaned in to kiss her but stopped when she spoke.
“How did Amaury know your love?” She interrupted, their lips were almost touching.
“Pardon?” He asked confused, as if he had just been woken up.
“He introduced you to her,” she elaborated. “How did he know her?”
Oliver pulled away and sat for a moment regrouping himself. Suddenly he stood up and walked to the door, pausing before he opened it.
“She was his sister,” he answered then he was gone, door closed behind him.
The silence left in his wake was deafening and the betrayal and pain in his few words were enough to start Annie’s tears.

CHAPTER 11:

Micah ran to what he heard. He had to keep her distracted from Annie, she couldn’t know Annie was even there so he ran to the one he had heard coming. All he could think of was Taru speaking with that other-worldly man named Jiel, when they had been speaking about Annie in the forest alone. He wasn’t sure what was going on but he was sure that Annie was in some kind of danger.
He slowed amongst the trees, seeing easily through the darkness of the morning.
“Taru,” he said her name into the darkness and there was nothing but stillness. “I know you are here.” After a moment she stepped out so he could see her.
“Micah, what a coincidence to meet you here,” she said casually, knowing that it was obviously not a coincidence at all.
“What are you doing here?” He asked moving towards her. He didn’t feel scared of her this time, he actually wanted to be close to her but he wasn’t sure why.
“I might ask you the same thing?” She said noticing that he moved closer to her. They stood there silently measuring each other. The way her night-blue dress swayed in the breeze was eerie and unearthly.
“Do you love her?” She asked suddenly, breaking the silence.
“Who?” He was playing dumb.
“You certainly are loyal to her,” she observed. “But do you love Annie?” Micah swallowed hard realising that his efforts to hide Annie were in vain.
“That depends,” he said procrastinating.
“On what exactly?” Taru asked a little angrily.
“On what you plan on doing to her,” he answered struggling to take control of the situation.
“Answer the question!” She demanded stepping up to him.
“No, I do not love Annie,” he said truthfully.
Taru stood there looking up at him, scrutinizing his face. She was much shorter than him and if he didn’t know any better he would think her almost adorable.
“What are you looking for?” He dared ask.
“Who says I am looking for anything?” She rebutted but remained close to him.
“People who are alone are always looking for something,” he reasoned not intending to hurt her.
“You are just a boy, Micah! You do not know of the things I am facing,” she said defensively.
“Then tell me,” he asked sounding as if he was willing to share her burden.
He took the hand idling beside her in his to pull her to him. She froze and before she let the situation go any further she had him pinned against a tree, hand around his neck.
“Do not overstep the boundaries I set,” she hissed holding him back easily. “You have no idea what you have stumbled into involving yourself with Annie.” She wasn’t choking him but she was holding his neck tight enough so he got the picture.
“After everything I have done I owe this much to her,” he argued, ignoring her menacing warning. “I need to help her in whatever way I can.”
Taru released him and stepped away so he couldn’t touch her again. After a few short moments rubbing the tightness away from his neck he spoke.
“Who is Jiel?” He asked pushing away the fear he felt at her effortless power. She looked at him with a fierceness that he had never seen, even in her.
“Never speak his name again!” She yelled and it echoed through the silence.
“Why, what has he done to you? What is he?” Micah pushed the issue knowing he was risking his life.
“If he knew you existed he would use you against me,” she answered balling her hands into fists at her side.
“Taru,” Micah said her name softly whilst stepping towards her.
“Do not!” She screamed and it shocked him into stillness. “Do not ever think of me again!” And then she was gone.
She ran away as fast as she could so he couldn’t follow. She could feel him running after her but he soon was lost because she was too fast. Jiel could never know that she cared for Micah. She wasn’t sure exactly what she felt for Micah but all she knew was that Jiel would hurt him if it was discovered. No, she would not let it happen again. She would stay away from Micah for his sake, she would do that for him.
Micah stopped running after it was obvious he had lost her. He stood there in the darkness for a moment thinking about how frightened and defensive Taru had been when he had questioned her about Jiel. He wanted to do something to help her out of whatever mess she was caught in but it was obvious she didn’t want anyone else involved.
With a heavy heart he made his way back to Annie. He walked into the room to find Annie awake and alert.
“Micah, where have you been?” She asked, running to him the moment he came in. He looked at her with surprise.
“What on earth are you doing up?” he asked ignoring her question.
“In your absence I had a visitor of the night!” She said almost hysterical.
“Who?” He asked looking around to find the room empty of anyone besides them.
“Oliver,” Annie answered throwing her hands up exasperated.
“I…” He paused before choosing his next words carefully. “I thought I heard a snatcher outside so I went to investigate.”
“Well, too bad one was in here. I could have died! How did he get in anyway when he was not invited?” She asked rolling her words together in a panic.
“I am sure the clerk at the front was more than happy to invite in a well-paying customer,” Micah answered. “What did he do?”
Annie paused, losing her steam. She didn’t want to say they almost kissed and she had stopped him at the last moment or that they actually had an intimate conversation that left him vulnerable and her feeling sorry for him.
“Well, nothing really. We just talked then he left,” she explained vaguely.
“And what exactly did he say?” Micah probed, guessing he wasn’t getting the whole story.
“Nothing, just his usual senselessness,” she answered walking back over to the bed.
“I know you are hiding something, Annie,” he accused following behind her. “I have known you for years. Do not think you can get away with it that easily.”
“I do not know what you are talking about.” She got back into bed and rolled over so she couldn’t see him but he was in her face before she had even laid her head on the pillow.
“Annie…” he said her name as if it would scold her.
“Fine, he told me about someone he used to love,” she answered hoping he wouldn’t ask anything else. She fluffed her pillow as if she hadn’t been affected by Oliver’s presence.
“What else happened?” Micah asked seeing that something was going on. She laid there looking at him, trying to decide if she should say anything.
“I think he might love me…in his own way,” she finally confessed and Micah could see what she wasn’t saying.
“And it makes you feel confused?” He asked seeing the guilt in her eyes. All of a sudden she started crying again.
“It is not as if I care for him but the way he acted made me feel special and cared for and I know I am out of my mind because he has proven himself to be completely untrustworthy and partially insane and I love Baden and would never want to be with Oliver and I think I am just overly tired,” she rambled herself into a mess.
“It is fine, Annie,” Micah said gently coaxing her to the other side of the bed. He laid down next to her, putting an arm around her to try and bring her some comfort. “You are still grieving the loss of your friend and you do love Baden. You are allowed to feel good inside from kind words that someone might say, however surprising the source,” he assured.
“So I am not out of my mind?” She sniffled as she wiped the tears from her face.
“No,” he promised squeezing her a little tighter. “Now if you left with him, that would be insane,” he joked and it managed to pull a laugh out of her. “Now go to sleep. You need all the rest you can get because we leave in two hours.”
Annie appreciated the comfort of her old friend and snuggled into his side. Soon enough she was fast asleep, leaving Micah to the silence of the room.
His own plaguing thoughts troubled him as he questioned his own sanity. Why would he want to help Taru in any way after everything she had done? He deduced it down to the fact she was a lonely mess with no one else on her side. He dared not contemplate the other alternative, that he might actually have feelings for her.
Shaking it off he pulled the blankets up to cover Annie’s shoulders and rested his head on the bed for a moment. Right now he just had to focus on getting her to the institution safely. Unbeknown to him it would prove to be a difficult task.

CHAPTER 12:

Morning came and so did Annie and Micah’s departure. They left the tavern feeling wary but also determined, if they travelled well then they could make it to the institution by nightfall. Annie wanted to wear her training gear but it was rather hot so she picked a light dress, coloured the same blue as the sunny sky. She secretly enjoyed wearing her training gear so much more than a restrictive dress but she had to put up with it for now. She pulled her hair back in a braid and she was ready for the day.
“It is rather hot today,” Annie commented from atop her horse. The heat was strange for that time of year but she welcomed it, she was sick of all the rain.
She rode with her legs either side of the saddle, not caring that her legs were showing. The path was so rarely used that no one else was going to come along in a hurry and she wasn’t embarrassed in front of Micah.
“I can feel the heat but it does not affect me as much,” Micah replied not really paying attention to what he was saying. He seemed distracted.
“Micah, what is it?” She asked feeling frightened from the serious look on his face. As he stood by the horse he cast his gaze upon the trees as if to see something.
“Take the reins,” he said passing the leather strap to her but watching the trees.
“What is it?” She asked, terror obvious in her voice.
But before she could get her answer there was a gust of wind that brushed past her and Micah was gone. She knew he would never leave her and the unnatural breeze that swept past meant that someone had been fast, faster than she was able to see. She looked around to try and sense if someone was there but it was no use. A snatcher had come along and stolen Micah and now she was left alone to defend herself.
As soon as she heard a twig snap she kicked her horse’s flank and it sped away. Her heart was racing a million miles an hour, low lying branches were flicking her in the face and her legs were already sore from the lengthy travel but she had to ride hard, and as far away from there as possible. She could hear someone running up behind her and they were fast. She urged her mount forward but it was flagging at best from the long journey. She looked around but couldn’t see anyone and whoever she had heard following seemed to have disappeared.
Suddenly the horse started skidding to a stop and then it reared up on its hind legs in fear of something. Annie gripped as tight as she could with her legs and it kept her atop the horse but when the horse’s legs came crashing back down to the ground again it swung her unexpectedly and she was thrown from the mount. Her hands were tightly tangled around the reins and when she was thrown off she saw why the horse had stopped suddenly.
There was a deep ravine that ended with jagged rocks and a running stream. It was too late to try and avoid the fall, all she could do now was hold onto the reins for dear life and hope her stalker was far behind. Leaves fell down into the abyss and she along with them until her tether to the huge horse snapped her back from falling and slammed her into the side of the drop. She hit hard against the solid stone and she cringed in pain from the impact. Managing to hold on by nothing short of a miracle she slowly swung to a stop and hung there.
“Come on, boy,” she said trying to coax the horse to pull her up. Pain was evident in her voice and all she wanted to do was cry but she knew if she did she wouldn’t make it. She had to ignore the fear and the pain and push through, she couldn’t fall apart now.
Her voice wasn’t very commanding from the pain and fright she had just undergone and her horse did nothing with the command. She hung there for a few moments trying to figure out another way up when suddenly the horse decided to help, bending its head towards the ground he slowly dragged her back up to safety. The hard ground scraped along her side and it wasn’t the most comfortable thing she had ever endured but it was better than death.
As soon as she got her footing she stumbled back onto the horse as quickly as she could and they were off again. Her side was burning and emotion was stuck in her throat but she pushed it away as best she could. As they sped away she gave her rescuer a quick pat on the side, in a way to say thank you for saving her life but also to encourage him forward.
As they flogged through the trees she crouched low against the horse and looked down at her side that had taken the impact of her fall. Blood started seeping through her dress from where she hit and her ribs were pulsing in agony. Blood covered her hands where she was trying to hold onto her side and by the looks of it she was going to have to get some kind of treatment as quickly as humanly possible.
Just when she had forgotten about her pursuer something whipped past them and caused the horse to change direction. It took all of Annie’s concentration to hold onto the reins. Suddenly the horse was brought to a complete stop with no one in sight and when she looked her reins had been snatched from her and taken off the horse, which would make riding at a fast speed difficult at best.
Whoever it was, they were playing with her. Oliver came to mind then and she deduced it was one of his sick games. She stumbled off the horse and backed herself up against a tree. She was breathing heavy with fear as she scanned the forest for the invisible menace. Her hair was windswept but managed to stay loosely held in its braid.
“Oliver, if this is you I swear I will make your life a complete torment for the rest of my days,” she threatened as loudly and body as she could, which wasn’t very much of either. It would have been more impressive if she wasn’t so short of breath but not by much.
Now instead of using the tree as a guard for her back she was leaning against it for support. From the opposite side for the horse she could hear someone approaching. Then their shoes came into view through the horse’s legs but their face was obstructed by the horse’s body. As they neared Annie recognised the snatchers walk, she would be able to spot it a mile away.
“Baden?” She said completely shocked that it was him.
He stepped around the horse and stalked up to her in the most menacing way she had ever witnessed. His face was a steely mask of anger and for the first time in her life she was frightened of him. This wasn’t the sweet Baden she was used to, no. This looked like the Baden that haunted everyone’s nightmares.
As soon as he saw she was bleeding he froze, he had been so angry it took a moment for him to realise. The next thing she knew he was in front of her with some ripped, wet material. She could see it had been ripped from one of her dresses and he had wet it using the wineskin that was filled with water hanging on the horse.
“May I?” He asked referring to her wound.
She had no idea why he was asking for permission but she nodded frantically to give it. He bent down and started lifting her dress up so he could get to her ribs where the wound was. Her pantaloons had stains on the waistline from where the blood had trickled down onto it. Finally he exposed the gash that her fall had created. The cool breeze that had picked up felt nice against the heat of the wound. Gently he wiped the blood away and could see the cut for what it really was.
“It is not deep just messy,” he said. His own relief knew no bounds.
“Falling down a chasm will do that,” she half joked. He paused and looked up to her in shock at her comment but remained silent for a moment.
He gave her side one last wipe and blew on it to try and ease the burning. It had already stopped bleeding and would be fine until they could wrap it. He pulled her dress back down and stepped away from her. She knew she was going to be in trouble but she hadn’t realised it would be this bad.
“I can explain,” she said having no real explanation formed.
“I was trying to teach you a lesson for doing something so dangerous,” he began quietly not needing an explanation from her. “But I see it was a mistake because you almost killed yourself at that chasm. Micah had come up to me after I had frightened your horse and decided to have a few words with me about my methods and I had not even realised that you had hurt yourself,” he explained feeling ashamed of himself.
What Baden didn’t tell her was that Micah had come up to him after he was told what was going on and they had gotten into a heated argument. When Micah had shown up Baden had just scared Annie’s horse. He had already stopped running and, when calling out to her didn’t work, was about to circle around to get in front of them. It would have gotten out of hand between the two but Adam and Stewart stepped in and calmed them both down. Baden had not been impressed by Micah’s timing at all but he hadn’t even realised that Annie had been in any kind of danger until she told him herself. But now that Annie was hurt he realised it was entirely his fault and Micah had been the one trying to protect Annie when he should have been the one doing that.
“I was calling out to you before Micah came up to me but obviously not loud enough.” Baden’s voice was thick with emotion. “Or maybe you did hear and you were running away from me?” He wouldn’t blame her if she had been because he had hurt her, when he promised to never do that. “I am sorry I hurt you,” he whispered, regret and pain obvious in his voice.
When she realised the meaning of his words she looked at him confused, was he being serious?
“Baden, I did not hear you calling out to me,” she assured thinking the explanation was not necessary. He stood there looking at the ground, holding the bloodied rags in his hand. “And you did not hurt me, I ran off a cliff because I am a poor horseman…” She paused for a moment before she said her next words. “Are you angry at me for running away?” She asked feeling ashamed for being so childish. He looked up at her and it hurt his heart to see her face.
“I suppose it is no longer my place to feel I have any right to speak into the choices that you make,” he said cryptically and she was completely confused now.
“And why is that?” She asked to clarify as she began to feel dread that he was through with her.
“You should know better than I do,” he answered. She tried to think if she had said something and forgotten or simply missed something altogether. He put the material back in the saddle bag then turned back to her.
“I would have let you leave, you know,” he said and it was obvious he was struggling to say it.
“You already told me I could not go to the university,” she reminded him.
“I mean, I would have let you leave me. If that is what you truly wanted, I would not have stood in your way.” He wasn’t looking at her anymore and he missed her completely confused expression.
“What on earth are you saying?” She asked. “Why would I leave you? Baden, look at me!” She demanded. He looked up from under his brow to meet her gaze.
“You left the ring and then disappeared,” he hinted as if this would be explanation enough.
She took a moment to piece it all together. When it hit her she was so shocked that she didn’t do anything for a moment. When she had regained herself she marched herself over to Baden, wound completely forgotten. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him with all the strength left in her. At first he was taken by surprise but soon he carefully wrapped his arms around her waist and kissed her back. She broke free only to reassure him.
“I was not leaving you!” She said seeing the funny side of it. “I left the ring because I did not want to lose it and I was being stubborn. I forced Micah to take me to the institution…” she paused in slight panic. “Speaking of which, where is Micah?” She asked only just now remembering him.
“Do you know how dangerous that was? You could have died!” Baden scolded and she rolled her eyes. Right back into it as soon as he thought he had her permission.
“So we are back on board with controlling me again?” She asked as they stood wrapped in each other’s arms.
“Not controlling, just…advising you of the better options you should take,” he rephrased and she decided to let it drop. “As for Micah…”
“You are sure they are this way?” Adam asked from a distance, interrupting Baden’s answer. Annie reluctantly stepped out of Baden’s arms and he took her hand.
“Because you are not the one who is leading us then I am positive,” Stewart remarked as they followed Micah.
Micah was good at tracking, he had been doing it for years and he was especially eager to ensure that Annie wasn’t harmed. He wanted to make sure nothing had gone wrong in Baden’s plan against them, which he had been filled in on after he was taken by Stewart at the beginning.
“Annie,” Micah said, relieved as soon as he saw her and went to go to her. He stopped when he saw Baden staring at him with hatred in his eyes. Micah raised his hands in defeat.
“I forced him to take me,” Annie said trying to calm Baden.
“And you could not stop a human?” Baden shot the words accusingly at Micah.
“Nothing short of physically restraining her would have worked! She was already climbing down the lattice by the time I was convinced to go,” Micah defended himself, casting the blame entirely on Annie.
“Annie,” Baden said scolding her.
“I already told you that I forced him to come along,” she reasoned.
“Any other surprises I should know about?” Baden asked.
Micah and Annie shared a brief glance between them, secretly conspiring to omit Oliver’s midnight dalliance.
“Nothing worth mentioning,” Annie answered as innocently as she could.
“Can we leave now? Anymore time spent with these two and I will be daggering myself through the heart,” Micah joked about Adam and Stewart before Baden could push his question further.
“You are no better yourself!” Adam rebuked, his offense obvious in his tone.
“Yes Mr. ‘Baden is going to kill me’ and ‘this is all Annie’s fault’,” Stewart mimicked Micah’s tone. Micah rolled his eyes as if he needn’t say anymore.
“Off to the institution then?” Annie said with a smile to try and convince everyone. “We are only a few hours away,” she added as sweetly as she could.
Everyone looked to Baden who stood there, as difficult to read as a dead language.
“Fine,” Baden gave in. “But only if you agree that you are not to leave my side for an instant.” Annie pretended to contemplate it for a moment.
“I can live with that,” she said playfully.
“Psst…Stewart,” Adam whispered whilst the others spoke. “Do you think I can jump over that horse with my eyes closed?” Stewart looked at the horse and measured it with his eyes. He looked back to Adam and did the same.
“Running up to it with your eyes closed or only jumping with them closed?” Stewart asked to clarify the terms.
“Closed whilst running,” he elucidated.
 “Not a chance,” Stewart decided without hesitation and it set the challenge as it sparked Adam’s competiveness.
Without a word of warning Adam was charging up to the horse, eyes closed and arms swinging wildly beside him. Everyone who had not paid attention to the conversation turned to see the ruckus and only saw Adam doing the strangest thing to date.
Unfortunately Adam not only didn’t make the jump he didn’t even get a foot off the ground as he ran straight into the horse. Another unfortunate thing was that the horse’s rear end was facing him as he hit. Yet another unfortunate thing was that the horse was disturbed from its quiet rest and forced to take a few steps forward as Adam hit the ground. The animal didn’t seem to appreciate this and in turn kicked its hind leg in retaliation. Its aim was precise and managed to hit Adam right in the ribs, leaving him breathless.
And possibly the last unfortunate thing was that the horse decided to relieve itself after the excitement had settled. Though there was one fortunate thing in it all, the droppings managed to miss landing directly on Adam. Instead when they hit the ground they merely splattered, leaving minimal mess to clean up off his cheek and coat. He was too preoccupied to care about the mess as he was nursing his broken ribs for the time being, as a horse’s kick isn’t the most pleasant thing to experience.
Whilst the others stood there completely shocked at the deranged act, having no idea of the origin, Stewart was laughing so hard he wasn’t even making a noise. He was bent over holding his stomach with laughter as he walked over to Adam lying on the ground and used his handkerchief to wipe Adam clean. He didn’t even have enough composure to make a sarcastic remark in regards to what just happened, he merely wiped away the mess as the laughter streamed tears down his face.
“Come on you pair of oafs,” Baden said as he put the reins back on the horse after picking them up from where he had thrown them.
Soon they were off, headed towards the institution but most importantly to Annie they were headed to Martha and Everard.

CHAPTER 13:

The group of misfits arrived a few hours later at the institution. The sun was almost setting and from outside the imposing gates the place seemed deserted. Baden helped Annie off the horse and they all stood wondering how they were going to summon someone to let them in. Annie looked up at the tall gates that seemed impenetrable and unwelcoming, feeling dwarfed by them. The last time she was here was when she was with Jory. She swallowed back her emotions and started to walk towards the gate. Baden took her arm gently and stopped her.
“I think it would be best if I went first,” he suggested.
There was something in his eyes that told her he wasn’t going to argue with her about this. Seeing that she understood Baden went ahead of the rest of them and they gladly followed slowly behind.
Firstly, Baden tested the gate to find that it was locked, which wasn’t surprising in the least. He took a step back and evaluated what it would take to open it. Everyone stopped and watched him as he mused. After a moment of consideration he stepped up to the gate and placed his hands flat against it. He used only part of his strength to push against the mammoth structure and with a groaning creek the large iron bar that lock the sides together gave way and the gate flung open. Dirt blew up in its wake but other than that the courtyard remained silent. Baden lifted his hands to signal the others not come any closer.
“Stay close to Annie,” he said to Adam, Stewart and Micah. They did as he said immediately and she couldn’t help but feel afraid of something she didn’t even know was there.
Baden turned back to ensure Annie was well surrounded before he walked into the courtyard. In one instance the deathly silence erupted into chaos. Daggers flew at him faster than anyone could see but amazingly Baden caught every one. They would dart towards him at an alarming rate and before they could penetrate his skin he caught it and returned it to whoever had thrown it. Whoever it was, there were many of them if the number of daggers were any indication. Annie didn’t even want to contemplate how the institution had obtained so many tracker’s daggers.
Soon the Daggers were replaced with flaming arrows and just as skillfully he caught each one and returned them. It was going so fast Annie couldn’t pinpoint any of it and the others also struggled to.
“Stop!” A commanding voice yelled and it echoed through the air ominously. Everyone froze and looked to find Amaury standing at the entrance of the castle infuriated at the disorder. He was wearing his usual ‘kingly’ attire and looked full of pomp and rage.
“Amaury, so nice of you to join us,” Baden said dropping the arrows in his hands and brushing himself off.
“I was just going to say the same to you, Baden,” he said through gritted teeth.
Annie and the others heard the hushed awe of the crowd when they realised who it was they had been attacking. Baden turned to the boys and Annie and motioned them over with his hand. Annie ran to him and was soon by his side, his arm wrapped around her waist whilst the others flanked him cautiously.
As each one in the group cast their eyes on the courtyard they all blinked a few times to check they were seeing properly. Strewn across the ground were injured snatchers with either daggers or flaming arrows sticking out of them. None of them were dead but they were all a mess. Each injured snatcher was slowly having their infirmity pulled out of them either from their stomach, their legs, or their head.
“So, are you going to accompany us to our rooms?” Baden asked their host casually as if he hadn’t just single handedly taken down a small army of snatchers.
“This way,” Amaury said before turning to leave.
He flicked his royal blue coat up behind him as he stormed away. The others followed, dodging the snatchers lying on the ground. Everyone in the courtyard watched in wonderment as they made their way through.
“You may want to close that,” Baden suggested to a gawking snatcher in regards to the broken gate on their way past.
Baden pulled Annie along as the others followed behind. They trailed Amaury as he walked through the institution in almost a rage.
“There is only one room since I was not notified of your attendance,” Amaury fumed. What he really wanted to call it was an intrusion.
“Then this will have to do,” Baden accepted as he walked into the room with Annie.
The others followed closely behind and Amaury walked away deciding not to bestow his usual hospitality. Micah closed the door and everyone stood there a little befuddled.
They missed the fact that the room was still beautiful, even if it was the only one left. It was grand, like the others. The colour theme leaned more towards gold and whites opposed to blues and reds, which was lovely because it opened up the room more. The bed was rather grand and elegant, with a huge canopy that had gold curtains tied to the tall wooden posts. The sheet was white and golden vertical stripes with soft white pillows. The fireplace was ridiculously huge and entirely gold. Every piece for furniture had a touch of gold and marble here or there, to the point it was almost in excess. All the rooms seemed to have their own theme, which Annie was coming to realise, fit the strange establishment and its even stranger headmaster.
“Why did they attack you?” Annie asked Baden feeling horrified and relieved at the same time.
“Defense,” Baden explained simply. “They did not recognise me, nor should they, so they opened fired.”
“I see,” she said breathlessly feeling overwhelmed by all the excitement.
“Where are your things?” Baden asked and everyone looked at each other hoping desperately that someone had thought of it. “Not to worry, I will retrieve them.”
With a quick kiss to Annie, and a meaningful glance to the others to take care of her, he was out the door.
“I cannot believe what my eyes just saw,” Adam said as the smile started to creep onto his face. “Imagine catching a flaming arrow!” He sounded like a kid who had just seen his hero in action.
“I am sorry to say but if that were you, you would have been dust before you could even manage a glance at the first dagger,” Stewart said mocking him.
“That is it, who has a flaming arrow!” Adam yelled indignantly as he looked around the room.
“I can arrange one,” Micah joked.
“Everyone just be quiet!” Annie interrupted. “You are all children!”
Baden was going to get Annie’s belongings off the horse but he would be making a quick detour on the way, which is the only reason he had left Annie. Soon enough he found himself in Amaury’s quarters. Amaury became flustered by the intrusion.
“What is it that I can assist you with?” He asked Baden none too kindly.
Baden leisurely took a seat in a reading chair close by and Amaury decided to do the same. Baden looked around the room trying to place something that he thought he sensed but was soon distracted by Amaury’s loud, incensed breathing. Amaury refused to let someone, especially Baden, try to overrule him in his own establishment.
“You are doing very well for yourself,” Baden commented looking around the extravagant room.
“Do not waste my time,” Amaury snapped, ignoring his comment. “I am only tolerating your presence because you did not harm any of the patrons.”
“I am having an off day,” Baden said snidely. The truth was, Baden had purposely spared the lives of those snatchers. “And I did not realise that they had become ‘patrons’ to this establishment. Is there a fee to stay?”
“Proceed with your point.” Amaury once again ignored Baden’s provoking words.
“Some time ago it came to my attention that you have been assisting Taru in her endeavors,” Baden said.
“And who told you that?” Amaury asked pretending as if it didn’t faze him. Baden leaned forward as if to conspire with him.
“It is remarkable the information someone will expose under duress,” he said threateningly. When he saw that Amaury understood his point he leaned back and relaxed once again. “During our stay I do not want Taru anywhere near this place. I do not want to hear so much as a whisper about her,” he warned. “I do not know what sick little games you two are playing and I want no part of it.” He paused to make sure he had Amaury’s full attention. “But I promise you this; if anything happens to Annie, even if it is a simple fright, I will take it upon myself to seek out a way to kill you and accomplish it myself.” It irritated Baden that Amaury had been changed by Taru which meant he couldn’t be killed, though Baden was sure he could find a way.
“Is that all?” Amaury asked barely holding back his anger.
“Because I am feeling so charitable I will give you a word of advice,” Baden said as he stood and went to the door. “Loving Taru is as useless as attempting to extinguish the sun with a pitcher of water, it ends to no avail.” After his words Baden was gone.
Baden had found out many things about all of the most powerful snatchers years ago, he knew information was power, sometimes more so than physical strength. And he was not about to let any of them hurt Annie, especially with what he knew about them.
As soon as the coast was clear Everard came into Amaury’s room through the hidden door in the wall that led to his own hidden room. Other than Amaury, a very select few knew about the passageways through the walls.
“Do you think he suspects anything?” Everard asked feeling worried that they had been found out.
“Not unless reading minds is one of Baden’s many talents,” Amaury answered still feeling annoyed. “And a snatcher reading minds is altogether a preposterous notion.”
“Well we must deter him. He cannot find out,” Everard said a little panicked.
“Do not fret, I am lining up distractions as we speak,” Amaury assured.
Baden came back into his room with Annie’s things to find Micah breaking up a stupid quarrel between Adam and Stewart.
“A dare that became out of control,” Annie explained as Baden came up to her.
She stood far away from the ruckus in case they decided to break into an all-out brawl. A knock at the door sounded before he could say anything to her. Baden placed her things down on a chair close by and was answering it before anyone could move.
“What is it?” He asked abruptly to the snatcher standing at the door.
It was Acacia. Annie’s heart pounded nervously against her chest as Acacia’s gaze locked on Annie. Baden noticed Annie’s accelerated heart rate and scrutinized the snatcher at the door.
“Hear ye, hear ye! Be our guest! Be our guest!” Acacia proclaimed sarcastically as she held out an old, stained scroll to read off. “Tomorrow evening you are all cordially invited to a celebration ball in your honor,” she recited her script begrudgingly. “The thrilling occasion shall be a masked affair and the grandest you have attended to date. Your attire will be provided for you prior to the event so as not to inflict needless anxiety to our guests.”
“And if we decline?” Baden asked not liking this snatchers attitude or the glare she was giving to Annie.
“Amaury insists that you join him for the occasion,” Acacia answered stubbornly.
“Fine, we will attend,” he said not really caring if they went or not. He didn’t see any problem with one of Amaury’s ridiculous and unnecessary celebrations. “But during our stay if you so much as step any closer to Annie than you are now, I will tear you apart limb by limb,” he threatened Acacia, who he had only just met. With that he slammed the door in her face.
“Baden,” Annie said shocked at what just happened.
“Annie, she had loathing written all over her towards you and I refuse to tolerate it,” he explained not seeing the issue. He had not dared look into the filthy snatcher’s soul (as he now had renamed Acacia). He knew that if he had seen the extent of Acacia’s feelings towards Annie he probably would have killed her without thought. “And you were afraid of her which I deduce is from you having previous interaction with her. You do not dislike many and if you feel that way towards her then I know there would be due cause.”
“How do you know I was afraid?” Annie asked avoiding having to answer. She already knew but wanted to distract herself.
“I could hear your heart from across the room let alone how your soul changed with her near,” he answered and suddenly she realised everyone else was in the room.
He usually tried not to intrude on her soul unless she gave permission (like when they were getting intimate) but with circumstances like these he felt he could relax his rule for the time being.
“Well try your hardest not to ‘tear anyone limb from limb’ during our stay, if you can manage,” she said feeling a little embarrassed. She liked the intimate way Baden knew her but it was a little awkward to have it displayed for all to see.
“I am going to look around,” Micah said uncomfortably.
“And I am going to beat this one to a bloody mess,” Stewart said of Adam as they trailed after Micah on his way out.
Soon Baden and Annie were left in the room alone. Seeing the opportunity to make up for lost time they set their lips to good use and neither of them would have it any other way.

CHAPTER 14:

Adam, Stewart, Micah and Baden were waiting outside the room for Annie to get dressed for Amaury’s useless celebration. They were all in the finest suits, dressed to perfection. Amaury never spared any expense whether he hated or adored someone. Baden in particular looked rather handsome as his suit fit him to perfection. He was dressed in all black, including his shirt whereas the others had all white suits. He had also removed some of the non-essential items to create his own style. So now his collar was open and his waist was unencumbered by anything.
He knocked on the door to see if Annie was ready.
“Come in,” she said and so they did. Baden stopped abruptly as soon as he laid eyes on her and the others ran into the back of him.
The dress Amaury had for Annie was unlike anything of the fashion, as was his usual way. It was figure hugging all the way to the ground and the neckline ran low on her chest, amplifying her bust spectacularly. The collar was high and pointed as was the other frock she had been given by him that last time she was there. The sleeves were tight down to her wrist and it displayed her curves flawlessly. The colour was a vibrant red…red like blood. She pulled her tresses atop her head to avoid them falling around the collar. He red shoes were completely covered by the dress and she was very grateful they were flat.
“Annie!” Micah said shocked after a moment, when he could actually manage to form words. “What are you wearing?” He asked even though the answer was obvious.
Annie looked down self-consciously and brushed away invisible marks to distract herself. She didn’t feel comfortable in the dress as it was, let alone now that everyone was gawking at her.
Baden swallowed hard and without warning he turned and shoved the other three out the door and slammed it shut, locking it firmly. He turned back to Annie and before she could start worrying that he was about to go mad about the dress he swept her into his arms and kissed her.
It shocked her at first but soon she became lost in it, wrapping her arms around his neck and entangling her hands through his hair. He was pulling her so hard against his body she thought she might push straight through him but she loved it and wanted to be closer. If her legs weren’t so restricted by the dress she probably would have wrapped them around him to glue herself to him. There was a banging at the door but they ignored it, being caught up in their kiss.
“We must leave or we will be late!” Stewart yelled through the door.
Baden froze and let out a disgruntled grunt and forced himself to move away from Annie. He stared at her from across the room intensely and her heart continued its fast pace.
“Does that mean you like the dress?” She asked and his answer was an arched eyebrow and a cheeky grin. He touched the corners of his mouth with thumb and finger to compose himself and cleared his throat.
“It is quite becoming on you,” he said.
He was trying to act gentlemanly, which was such a contrast to his earlier ravishing of her that it made her laugh. He almost felt like he could barely control himself, seeing her in that dress drove him crazy in all the right ways. He had to take a minute to compose himself. After a moment or two he was suddenly in front of her holding their masks in his hand.
“Mask time,” he said with a smile. He had pulled it together enough to at least act normal.
She took his and held it for him as he gently placed her mask on her. The black, hard material lined her eyes and face perfectly, running just under her eyes and above her brow, coming to a point at the sides to match the collar. It had one ruby that sat just under her left eye, which made it look like one lonely tear of blood, and the rest was covered in diamonds.
Baden carefully pinned the small ribbons into her hair so it looked like it was part of the style.
“He spares no expense, does he?” Baden commented under his breath and she just half grinned not really liking it either.
When he was finished placing hers on she placed his bright red mask against his face and reached her arms around him to tie the ribbon at the back of his head. Their faces were close and they smiled, deciding to restrain themselves for the sake of time. She liked that the colour of his mask matched her dress and the colour of her mask matched his suit, it showed that they belonged to each other. When it was tied to his face she stepped back to look at him.
His mask was smaller, running very close to his eye line and brow. It was obvious that it was Baden but she thought that Amaury had purposely done that so everyone would be able to keep an eye on him. The thing that annoyed her most was the ends of his mask were crafted to imply devil horns. It was subtle and possibly easy to miss for some but she saw it and it irritated her.
“I know what you are thinking,” he said pulling her close to him.
“It is just inappropriate,” she pouted.
“As long as you do not believe me to be a devil then that is all that matters,” he said giving her a quick kiss to stop her from worrying.
After another loud banging on the door from Stewart, Baden rolled his eyes and grabbed the other masks. He took Annie’s hand and they came out together.
“Finally!” Micah said as he grabbed his mask from Baden’s hands and Baden threw the other ones to Adam and Stewart. The masks were white and matched the shape of Baden’s, except for the devil horns of course.
They all made their way to the ballroom and if Annie had hoped that because she had done this before she wouldn’t feel as nervous, she would be disappointed. She was as nervous as the last time, the only comfort she had was holding onto Baden’s arm. She would have certainly become lost in the maze-like halls if it weren’t for Baden and the others. Finally they came upon the grand ballroom where the large, ominous doors were closed.
Suddenly the doors creaked opened to allow them entry but Adam, Stewart and Micah stood in front of them and blocked her view of the room. She didn’t miss the silence that fell over the crowd and the gazes of everyone that were directed at them.
Micah looked back at Annie and gave her a quick wink before the boys made their way into the room exposing Baden and her to the crowd.
To Annie’s horror everyone else was dressed in a combination of black and white or just white like the boys. It reminded her of chess board pieces and what was worse is that she stood out like a sore thumb. She did also take stock that Baden was the only one dressed entirely in black. She tensed beside Baden and he placed his hand over hers that was resting on his arm. He took her into the room and she remembered she hadn’t taken a breath in a while. Forcing her lungs to inhale she resolved not to be intimidated.
The strange thing was that she could feel eyes on her. She knew everyone was looking at her but there were a pair of eyes that were different, they felt different.
The small orchestra that was situated in the corner struck up their notes once again as did the crowd of snatchers with their conversations. Baden and Annie stopped when they had caught up to the others.
“I thought that was never going to end,” she said feeling relieved.
Before Baden could respond he thought he spotted someone familiar across the way. Annie didn’t notice his distraction but the others did and he quickly regained himself before she could say anything.
“Annie, would you like to dance?” Adam offered seeing that Baden wanted to go and discreetly investigate. For all the social intuitiveness he usually lacked, he would almost always pick up on the inconspicuous but necessary ones.
“Not particularly,” she answered honestly.
“I am afraid that you do not have an option,” he said taking her hand and pulling her towards the dancers.
“Adam, I just want to stay with Baden,” she refused trying to pull her hand away from his.
“Just one dance, Annie,” he insisted ignoring her attempts at escape. She rolled her eyes and saw no use in trying to fight against a snatcher, albeit an abnormally clumsy one.
Soon they were dancing in the thick of the crowd. For someone so maladroit at everyday life he sure was rather skillful at dancing, of all the things to be good at.
Halfway through the song Annie thought Adam’s invitation to dance was simply ridiculous because he spent most of his time looking over the top of the crowd seemingly trying to spot something. He had hardly paid her any attention at all.
“If you need to go and do something then go,” she said irritated that he had dragged her away from Baden for no reason. Before he could say anything they were interrupted.
“May I cut in?” Acacia spoke to Annie, causing her and Adam to stop dancing in shock.
Acacia seemed annoyed to be even asking, as if she really didn’t want to.
“Please,” Annie said as she willingly moved away from Adam to let her in. Acacia took her place quickly and whisked him away. A look of panic on Adam’s face being the last thing Annie saw of him.
She started to make her way through the crowd back to where she thought Baden was. The groups of snatchers were unbelievably thick and it was difficult to maneuver through them. As she pushed through the immense crowd the orchestra stuck up their next song and it froze Annie in place. It was Canon, Jory’s favorite. She looked around wanting to be rescued by someone she knew from the unrelenting throng of snatchers before she could burst into tears.
Feeling a warm hand rest on her waist she closed her eyes in relief and turned to Baden. Except when she opened her eyes it wasn’t Baden.
This snatcher was tall, broad and strong but she knew it wasn’t Baden. Whilst his suit was black his mask was white, matching his crisp shirt, and it covered most of his face in an elegant and intriguing way. The mask covered his nose and slid down his cheeks, leaving his mouth exposed, as the top end left the smooth skin of his forehead bare as it swept and moved around both sides of his head. The sides turned up in such a way that it left it looking suspiciously like angel wings.
The strangest thing was she didn’t feel uncomfortable that he was touching her. And she found his eyes were comforting in their own way.
“May I have this dance?” He asked and his voice felt like honey melting over her. It was familiar but she couldn’t quite place it, like she was delving into the reserves of her mind to discover the remains of a dream once lost.
All Annie could do was nod wordlessly. She had no idea why she said yes to this stranger but she wanted to dance with him. She wanted to be held by him.
Slowly he took her in his arms and they were dancing in the center of the crowd to the song that belonged to her lost friend. He made her forget the pain of the song as he held her close.
“Are you cold?” He asked and she looked at him confused. “You are trembling,” he said explaining his question. She hadn’t noticed but now that he had pointed it out she realised that she had been.
“No,” she answered looking up into his eyes.
“Are you afraid?” He asked trying to determine what was wrong. She thought for a moment to try and think if she was afraid.
“No,” she said honestly. They were quiet for a time, a comfortable quiet that makes your soul feel peaceful.
“What are you thinking, Annie?” He asked. She was taken aback by the use of her name but she supposed that everyone there would know of her.
“That I do not want this song to end,” she answered, surprising herself by the confession.
“So you are with the infamous Baden?” He pointed out needlessly.
“Yes, do you know him?” She asked curious as to who he was.
“I have dealt with him in the past,” he said vaguely.
“And what is your opinion of him?” She wondered. For some reason she cared what this snatcher thought of Baden and she had no idea why.
“From what I have heard and seen…” He paused as he seemed to look past her eyes and into her soul. “I think he loves you.”
Annie’s eyes filled with tears because she could see the truth in the stranger’s eyes and she could see that it had been hard for him to admit it for some reason.
“He is better than others give him credit for,” she whispered as she pulled herself together.
“I think it is you who makes him better than what he was,” he commented and she bit her lip to stop herself from crying.
“Who are you?” She asked as she searched his eyes for the answer. They weren’t even dancing anymore, they were merely holding onto each other amongst the other dancers.
“Just a ghost from a forgotten past,” he said quietly as the song drew to an end.
He took one more look at her then left before she could respond. She stood there amongst the dancers, frozen. His words had sent chills down her and they left her with more questions than answers.
And she felt alone.

CHAPTER 15:

 Annie was about to let the stranger just leave but she didn’t want to. She went into action, pushing through the crowd vigorously and followed after him through the doors. She wasn’t sure which way he had gone but she had to look for him.
Through the labyrinth of the institution she searched having no idea where to look. Some hallways were altogether frightening, with oil paintings of what looked to be demons and angels battling for something beyond their control. Others she felt less confronting, with tranquil pictures of landscapes but they still made her feel uneasy nonetheless because she was all alone. The candles lighting the hallways cast a dim, ominous glow that made her feel cautious. They were so dim that the other end of each hallway was usually left in almost darkness, to her vision anyway. She was sure if there was a snatcher at the opposite end they would be able to see her, the thought made her shudder.
Finally she came around a corner and stopped when she saw the masked stranger standing in the middle of the hall. He looked at her then walked on, not as fast as he could have moved but faster than Annie could.
“Please, wait!” She called after him. “What is your name?” She asked as she followed as quickly as she could.
He ignored her as he walked away but she persisted. He turned another corner and when she rounded it herself he had disappeared. She stood there disappointed that she had lost him. She stood there for a moment just staring down the hallway into the darkness.
Giving up she turned to go back to the ballroom but ran into someone behind her. She looked up to find the stranger she was chasing and without thinking she grabbed hold of the front of his jacket. He hesitated as he stole a moment to take her in. He could have easily gotten away but instead he reached out and gently unpinned the ribbon of her mask from her hair and lowered it.
“That is better,” he said with a sad smile as he lightly brushed her cheek with the back of his hand.
She reached out to take his mask off and he almost let her. Every reason he had listed to remain dead was thrown out the window except for one. She deserved her life.
“No,” he refused her just as she had her hands on his mask. Reluctantly she pulled her hands away and they stood there looking at each other.
“May I just have your name?” She whispered pleadingly. He swallowed hard and shook his head, almost regretfully. “Then can I have one of your memories?”
He looked at her with understanding in his eyes, even though the request was strange.
“Which one?” He asked trying to think of the most appropriate one.
“Your favorite,” she clarified. He took a moment to recall his most favorite of all memories.
“Once, I was in love with a young woman,” he started wistfully. “And one day she told me how she loved me. Then I left. But because I left she got to have everything she ever wanted.”
“And that is your favorite memory, losing your love?” She asked confused. “Why?”
“Because my love for her means I want what she wants and she now has what she wanted,” he said not daring to take his eyes off her for a moment.
“But if she was your love would you not be the thing she wanted?” Annie pushed the subject. She still didn’t understand.
“Sometimes love is complicated. You should know that, Annie,” he said and it almost made her realise who he was. But at the last second it slipped away from her like water falls through your hands.
“And how is she now?” She asked finding herself curious.
“That is what I would like to know,” he said meaningfully. “Why is the only human in this place chasing after a snatcher she does not know?” To her it had seemed that he had changed the subject, little did she know he had not.
Annie opened her mouth to answer but she couldn’t explain why on earth she did what she had done. The snatcher moved his head to one side as if he were hearing something and she could tell he was about to leave.
“Give me a name,” she said frantically not wanting him to leave.
“William,” is all he said. He handed her mask to her then disappeared into a nearby room.
“Annie!” Baden said relieved when he found her. His mask was tucked into his breast pocket and fear was clear on his face. “What are you doing here? I thought someone had taken you.”
“I thought I saw someone I knew,” she explained avoiding having to fully answer but not really having an answer at all. “Where were you?”
“I…” he hesitated then gave in. “I thought I saw Everard.”
“Did you?” She asked through a squeal of shock.
“I searched for him for some time but he just…vanished.” He sounded disgruntled. “Let us go back to the room to talk,” he suggested and took her arm.
When she hesitated he stopped and looked back at her. She looked between him and the door this ‘William’ fellow went into. Baden looked at the door and furrowed his brow in confusion. Letting go of her arm he went over to the door. He placed his hand on the handle and looked at her to see if she was going to protest. When she didn’t he opened the door and stepped into the room. She came in behind him and they found the room empty. It was a simple room compared to the others she had seen. Just a few chairs, a bed and a small fireplace against the main wall. The colours were neutral and there was nothing spectacular about the room at all, as if it was designed to go unnoticed.
Baden walked through the room slowly looking at everything. He paused when he came to a shirt lying on the bed.
“What is it?” Annie asked as she looked at the shirt.
It just looked like a shirt to her but it seemed to trigger something in Baden. He picked it up in one hand and took a closer look at it. He dropped it back down and went to the window, looking out into the night. The window was open and the cool breeze blew the curtains softly.
“Baden,” she said reminding him she was there and had asked a question. After a moment he turned back to her.
“Were you talking to someone?” He questioned neutrally.
He had been so distracted with searching for Annie that he had deliberately completely blocked out every other soul except for her in his pursuit, in doing so it made her more potent and easier to find. She swallowed hard and tried not to feel guilty. It’s not like she was hiding it from him.
“Yes,” she answered.
“What was his name?” He asked and he still didn’t appear angry. It just seemed as if he wanted to figure out who it had been. She wasn’t surprised that he knew it was a man, he could probably smell him on the shirt or in the room or something.
“He said his name was William,” she shared the only information she had. He repeated the name under his breath and then he looked more confused than ever. “Do you know who he was?”
“No,” she answered honestly.
The look on Baden’s face made it seem as if he had some idea of who the man was but wasn’t willing to say it until he was certain.
“Do you think it is someone I should be concerned about?” She wondered aloud, realising that what she had done was stupid.
“I am not sure, you most likely would know more than I would.” And now he was angry. “Why on earth would you follow him out of the ballroom? He could have killed you!” She went to say something but he cut her off. “Why do you do such ridiculous things like journey to a place full of snatchers by yourself and leave your only protection when you get there?”
“I brought Micah with me,” she defended herself with the weak rebuttal.
“Yes, you did. A snatcher who previously has tried to kill you,” he reminded none too gently.
“Well, if you were not so stubborn then we would have come together,” she argued.
“It seems that all you have been doing lately is running away from me.” His words were full of pain and accusation.
“Baden,” she said his name softly as she went over to him. She took his hand in hers and waited till he looked at her. “I am not running away from you. I promise. You are what I want…if you just cooperate with me then it will not seem as if I am running. In everything I do I want you to come with me and be by my side.”
“Then I will try to compromise in the future as long as you try to accept reason,” he negotiated and she rolled her eyes.
“I can see this working,” she said sarcastically. Baden’s reasoning tended to border on the extreme, in her opinion.
“Annie,” he said sternly.
“Fine, I agree!” She conceded. She was just going to try to do whatever she wanted anyway and they both knew it. “Now that we have made that agreement I would like to take advantage of it immediately.”
“And what would you like to do?” He asked warily.
“I have a few words to say to Amaury,” she stated simply.
“I can come along?” He specified.
“Yes,” she answered and soon enough he was leading her to Amaury.
He was going to enjoy watching Annie unleash her anger on Amaury. She may be tiny but she was fierce and Amaury was in for a shock.

CHAPTER 16:

Annie stormed into Amaury’s private room as best she could in her tight dress. Conveniently enough he was there.
“You are just the person I am looking for,” she declared as she charged towards him. Amaury’s smile fell once he saw Baden coming close behind her. He shut the door to give them some privacy.
“And why have you been looking for me?” Amaury asked as he took a seat looking rather casual. He sat in the one that most resembled a throne.
“You do not fool me with your flashy distractions,” she said referring to the opulence of his room. “Where are Martha and Everard?” Annie yelled pointing her finger at him and standing over him as if he was a child. “What have you done with them?”
“Nothing, who said they were even still here?” He countered and it took her off guard.
“They left?” She asked losing her steam. They left and didn’t return to the manor.
“Annie,” Baden said taking her attention. “He is lying. Keep going,” he encouraged. She looked over to Baden and it was enough to spur her on.
“Yes,” she said snapping back her advantage and her accusing finger. Amaury looked at Baden with a furious glance before he returned his attention to Annie. “They are here and I demand to see them!”
“And why do you think you can come in here and force me to do your will?” Amaury stood and towered over her.
“Who do you think you are deciding that I cannot see them?” She argued.
“They instructed me to keep you away from them!” He yelled and she took a step back from shock. Silence filled the room and he could feel Annie’s pain from Amaury’s words.
Baden could see this getting out of hand so he took charge. Moving so quickly that no one could see, he ran to Amaury, grabbed him by the throat and pushed him against the nearest wall. Barging through furniture and knocking it over if it got in the way.
“Do not think that I will not use my usual methods of extraction on you,” Baden threatened.
Seeing that Amaury doubted him, Baden grabbed one of his arms and pulled it from the socket. It might not kill him or injure him for long but the initial pain would be enough of a warning. Amaury’s scream burst into the room and broke Annie out of her misery.
“Baden!” Annie yelled as she rushed over and pulled him off Amaury. He moved, not because she had the strength to move him but because he complied for her. “There is no need to shoot the messenger.”
Amaury crumpled into a heap on the floor clutching his dislocated arm. He had to thrust it back into place and it made a rather unpleasant sound.
“It will heal,” Baden said insouciantly as if he wasn’t referring to how he just mutilated someone.
“There is no use anymore. We may as well leave,” Annie conceded, walking to the door. Baden gave Amaury a subtle kick before he turned to leave with Annie.
“I heard that!” Annie warned over her shoulder, referring to the kick.
“What?” Baden asked with a small smile, holding out his hands as if to show his innocence.
Annie rolled her eyes and reached for the door handle. As she was about to open the door she heard a noise coming from the other side of the room, as if someone was in the wall. She and Baden paused, turning back to see Amaury looking over in alarm. The wall opened up in the shape of a door, a secret door that was blended into the wall. Annie and Baden stood there gawking as Everard emerged from behind it.
Everard froze when he saw them standing there and there was a palpable silence. Another surprise came along as Martha emerged not long after.
“Wonderful,” Amaury said rising to his feet and moving his shoulder around to make sure it was all healed. “Now you both can tell Annie that you do not want to see her.”
“No,” Annie said surprising them all. “I have seen all that I need to see.”
She walked out the door and after Baden had gotten over his shock he went after her.
“Do you not want to ask them what you came here for?” Baden asked as he followed behind her.
Annie was angry and upset and wanted to cry it all out for days. But most of all she felt guilty, that she was the reason they were hiding.
Soon they came to their room where they found the others.
“Annie!” Adam said and they all stood when she and Baden came in the room.
“Where have you been?” Stewart asked them. Worry was obvious on all of their faces.
“It is time to leave,” she declared as she started gathering her things.
“Why?” Micah asked as the three boys looked on in confusion.
“Just because!” She yelled and they all looked to Baden awkwardly. He held up his hands, silently apologising and trying to say ‘just do it’ at the same time.
Before anyone could give an explanation Martha and Everard came in and everyone froze, staring at them.
“What? Did you need to come and shoo us away?” Annie asked angrily as she kept gathering her things.
Adam, Stewart and Micah took this as their queue to leave and they each raced out the door one after the other. Annie, Baden, Martha and Everard stood silently in the room.
“Annie, please,” Martha started to say but Annie cut her off.
“No, Martha. Do not feel the need to explain anything to us. I know you blame me for what happened to Jory!” Saying his name was like a slap in the face and it caused her to pause.
“We do not blame you at all,” Martha assured.
“Then why are you not coming home?” Annie asked. Martha looked to Everard for help.
“We need to assist Amaury with something,” Everard lied.
“And what would that be? Last time we were here you hardly even trusted him!” Annie was exasperated. It was obvious they were hiding something from her. “And you are just standing there!” She said bluntly to Baden, unfairly giving him her anger. He pointed to himself in shock of being accused of nothing.
“Annie, please try to understand,” Martha said.
“Understand what, that you just ran away after it all got too hard? That you left me to feel the pain alone? I had Baden but he did not lose someone like you and I did,” Annie rambled. “I have been torturing myself that you blamed me for what happened to…him. But here you were staying for reasons you do not care to confess.”
Martha went to say something but Annie cut her off.
“Do you blame me for taking away your brother?” Annie asked Everard.
Everyone in the room looked at him silently, waiting for his answer that didn’t seem to be coming.
“Because I do! Every day I see his face when I was telling him I loved him and I have nightmares of the moment he was taken away and I have to pretend it is all fine. Pretend like it does not hurt me as much as it does because it is not meant to.” She was struggling to keep her tears back now.
“I do not blame you, Annie,” Everard said softly. “Please do not feel that way.”
“How do you do it?” She asked. “How are you coping so well?” Martha and Everard looked at each other. “And what are these conspiratorial glances?”
“We do what we must,” Martha answered vaguely. Annie could see she would get nothing else from them so she decided not to ask again.
“Do you know of a snatcher named William at all?” Annie asked remembering what had happened earlier.
“William?” Everard asked, his eyes narrowing as he said the name.
“Yes, William,” she repeated seeing that he found the name familiar.
“Why do you ask?” Martha interjected.
“He approached me tonight and was saying some very peculiar things.”
“He spoke to you?” Everard asked loudly as if he were appalled. Annie nodded and yet again he and Martha shared another look.
“Who is he?” Baden asked finally speaking.
“There are many with the name William,” Martha said trying to brush it off as nothing. “We are not certain of who you speak of.”
“But you know a ‘William’?” Baden pushed.
“There may be a snatcher with some connection to that name,” Everard answered. He seemed angered by something. “But we would advise that you keep your distance from him.”
“Why?” Annie asked.
“We cannot tell you exactly why but you must trust us,” Martha advised. After a moment of hesitation Annie and Baden decided there was no use in continuing.
“You do not have to fret for we are leaving tomorrow,” Annie said feeling that there was not much more they could do there. Martha walked over to Annie and embraced her.
“Congratulations,” Martha whispered her happiness of Annie’s engagement. She held the young woman who felt like a daughter to her. “Baden is fortunate to have you.”
Annie froze for a moment, not sure how to accept the love Martha was giving her. She had been waiting for Martha’s affection for so long and now that she had it she didn’t know how to respond. But after a moment she relaxed.
“Thank you,” Annie said starting to feel absolved as she received the love she had been looking for from Martha.
“Yes, congratulations,” Everard echoed glad for the change in topic.
He shook Baden’s hand and went over to give Annie a hug of his own. Unexpectedly, the tone in the room had changed from one of heavy emotion to jubilation and delight.
“We will leave you to your rest,” Martha said. “We will see you off tomorrow.”
After their goodbyes were said Annie fell on the bed in exhaustion. Baden wanted to talk to Annie about the things she had brought up in her fury but she had already dealt with enough emotions for the day and she seemed too tired as it was.
“I will wait outside so you can get dressed,” Baden said.
“Can you just dress me?” She joked.
“If you do not intend to be married as a virgin then yes, I will not hesitate to dress you,” he answered and she couldn’t help but laugh.
“Leave before we sacrifice all of our morals,” she said and he was out the door before she was off the bed.
The main thing on Baden’s mind now was to get Annie home safely. More of a challenge than would be expected.

CHAPTER 17:

Annie, Baden, Adam and Stewart said their goodbyes to Martha and Everard. Micah waited outside the gates to avoid any unnecessary unease for all involved.
The boys had dressed in light, casual clothing for the trip and Annie sported her training gear, it was easier to ride in and much more comfortable than a dress.
They were well on their way, everything was going smoothly and Baden was quietly pleased that everything had gone well so far. They came to the secluded tavern that Annie and Micah had stayed at on their way and everyone decided to stay there the night. The main reason for stopping was because Annie was practically falling off the horse on account of being so tired.
“We are going to look for something to do,” Adam said to Baden when they were all in the room.
“And when he says that he means he is going to make a fool of himself,” Stewart remarked as he dodged as Adam swung at him. “Are you coming?” He asked Micah who seemed rather distracted.
“Oh, um,” Micah took a moment to realise what was said. “No, I think I will see how far I can run before the night it out…for…fun.”
“You are strange,” Adam said looking at him quizzically.
“Almost as strange as a clumsy snatcher,” Micah quipped with a cheeky smile. He was out the door before Adam could retaliate with his intended aggression.
“He had you there my boy,” Stewart said with a hard slap on his friend’s back. He was out the door before Adam could get him. Adam turned to the two left with a gentlemanly demeanor.
“You both have a pleasant evening,” he said before he ran out the door after them. It was slammed shut in his wake.
“Those three are children,” Annie remarked through a laugh. She started to grab a nightdress from her things when Baden came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. “Mmmmm, this is nice,” she said holding onto his arms.
“Can we talk for a moment?” He asked and his tone was so serious she spun around in his arms.
“What is the matter?” She asked, the concern obvious on her face.
“You tell me,” he said and she wasn’t sure what he meant. “How are you coping with everything?”
“Fine, why?”
“It did not seem that way when you were speaking with Martha,” he commented keeping hold of her. She thought back to what she had said and realised that she revealed more than she had intended to.
“Oh,” she breathed out the word and he raised his eyebrows as if to say, ‘yes…oh’. “Sometimes I have my moments but they are becoming few and far between,” she assured him.
“If you are not ready to be married then we can wait,” he offered hiding how much it hurt him.
“No!” She almost yelled. “I do not want to wait, Baden.”
“And what if Jory were still alive?” He asked and she froze in his arms from the question. “Would you be so keen?”
What if Jory were still here? Would that have changed anything? Maybe it would change everything but who would know? He was gone forever and no one would have the answer they were after. Annie thought for a moment so she could determine her most honest answer. Multiple times she had the chance to have Jory and she had chosen Baden every time.
“No,” she answered with fervor. “You have always been who I wanted.” He could see in her soul that she was telling the truth. He had decided to peek at it this time, just to be sure.
Baden’s lips turned up at the side with pleasure at her eagerness for him and it sent a tingle over her. His hands crawled lower on her back until they were dangerously close to her posterior. He moved his head towards her and she was happy to do the same, bringing their lips together.
He had intended it to be a quick little kiss, so as not to become too lost in it all. Of course not many plans work out as intended and they lost themselves before they knew it. Her hands were entwined in his hair and he was pulling her as close as their clothed bodies would allow. Their kisses were frantic and passionate and it was ecstasy.
“Do you want to?” He asked as he picked her up and laid her on the bed.
She grabbed his shirt, pulling him close and kissed him before she could answer and he forgot his question. He began to slide his hands along her legs and every part of her wanted to be with him. Her body was screaming at her to let him do anything he wanted and more but her mind was also battling with her. She knew she didn’t really care about what others thought but it had been so engrained into her to wait until she was married, mainly from Baden, that it was like a constant pestering deep inside. She reluctantly broke free from hips lips and took in a deep breath as if this would help clear her thoughts.
“Wait…we should wait,” he stammered feeling the same pestering she did. He leaned his forehead against hers and closed his eyes trying to get control of himself. “I will let you get dressed.”
 He was out of the room before she had time to move. Dragging herself off the bed she got dressed, mentally scolding herself for not having sex with him but also congratulating herself for being able to pause at a crucial moment…just.
“I may not be able to control myself next time,” she whispered to herself as she undressed and Baden smiled on the other side of the door. “I may not want to,” she continued and he couldn’t help but laugh. She smiled as she undressed and slipped into her nightdress thinking she liked the sound of his laugh. He came in when he knew she was ready.
“Goodnight,” he said as he came over and exaggeratedly kept his body away from her as he gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“You are not coming to bed with me?” She asked as she sank into the sheets.
“I will just sit over here for a time to ensure our chastity lasts another night,” he said as he took a seat in the far corner of the room in an uncomfortable looking chair.
Annie couldn’t help but laugh and he smiled at the joy the sound gave him.
“Love you, Annie,” he said as she fluffed her pillow.
“Well that is superb because I love you also,” she said falling onto the pillow.
Soon she fell asleep, feeling closer to where she wanted to be within herself than she had the night before.
Late into the night Baden was sitting musing about many things, Annie in particular, when he sensed something outside. He had kept his senses at their highest due to Annie’s vulnerability. His eyes narrowed in loathing as he realised what it was. Just then Adam and Stewart snuck into the room looking scruffy with boyish fun.
“Stay here until I return,” Baden instructed. Before they could ask why he was out the door and running as fast he could to what he had sensed. He was deep into the forest when he neared it.
“Going somewhere?” Baden asked through the darkness.
“Well, you were not part of the initial party,” Oliver said as he looked him up and down. Oliver was dressed casually, not in his usual pompous armor-type get up.
“What does that mean?” Baden asked hoping it was not what he thought it was.
“When Annie and I spoke on her way to the institution you were not in attendance,” he clarified.
“I am so pleased you said that,” Baden said through clenched teeth.
He let his anger rip through him as he lunged at Oliver. They tumbled to the ground and Baden easily had the advantage. Baden grabbed his shirt and smashed him against a tree, splitting it through the middle. As Oliver went to strike Baden he blocked him and ran a fist into the bottom of Oliver’s rib cage, breaking his bottom rib.
“One down, twenty three to go,” Baden spat as he hit Oliver’s chest again and broke another rib. He pounded into Oliver’s chest multiple times, breaking each of his ribs one by one.
Oliver’s stubbornly held back his screams of pain until half of his rib cage was broken. When Baden directed his strength to the bones on Oliver’s other side he couldn’t hold back any longer and yelled out in pain. The sound of each snapping bone was followed by a blood curdling scream through the empty, cold night.
Snatchers still felt the pain of being physically hurt, they just recovered from it better than humans. In fact, pain for a snatcher was more intense than human pain because the bane burns as it goes to work mending the injured areas. The worst thing was, immensely strong snatchers couldn’t even pass out and have temporary relief so they had to feel all of it.
Finally Baden had broken every bone in Oliver’s ribcage and let him drop to the ground. He let Oliver try to catch a breath as he circled him like a predator.
“Even contemplate going near Annie again and you will have to be put back together after I tear you apart. That is if your minions can find all the pieces of you that are strewn throughout the world. And I am telling you they will not,” Baden warned. He walked away thinking he had gotten his point across.
“Maybe she does not want me to stay away,” Oliver yelled out foolishly. With a smirk of satisfaction Baden turned back and walked over to his victim.
“Thank you for giving me the opportunity to do this,” Baden forewarned.
He placed his foot on Oliver’s stomach and after a moment he slowly applied pressure until Oliver started to feel his spine cracking. With one last shove Baden snapped Oliver’s spine in two and his scream shrieked through the air where no one would hear it in the uninhabited forest. With one last swift kick he broke Oliver’s nose.
Baden walked away leaving Oliver’s mangled body to go through the torture of healing.
“Where did you go?” Adam whispered when Baden returned quietly to the room.
“Oliver was nearby and I needed to give him a warning…or two,” he answered.
“Oliver?” Stewart whispered worriedly.
“It is fine, he will not be healed until we are far gone,” Baden assured.
“I have to see this,” Adam said as he ran out the door.
“I will keep an eye on him,” Stewart said going after Adam.
Baden settled back into his chair so calmly that no one would have guessed he just tortured a living creature. He looked at Annie as she slept and he thought that he would do anything to ensure she was away from danger, even if it meant killing every snatcher or tracker that threatened to bring her harm.
The only difference was that killing now would be his last resort because Annie had softened him from what he used to be. Now he only harmed to defend her because she had become the only thing that made sense in a world that was nonsensical. He would protect her relentlessly because for him there was no other way but her.

CHAPTER 18:

When everyone got home Annie regained her enthusiasm for the wedding. She was tired of only living half a life. So on a perfect day Adam, Stewart and Annie went into town to try and complete some wedding plans. Baden was going to meet them later, he was organising the minister for the ceremony and there was someone in particular he had in mind.
“I am hungry,” Annie complained for the countless time that day. “Can we please have lunch?” She was feeling grumpy and her feet were sore. The long sleeved, navy blue dress felt heavy and suffocating after hours of walking around town in it. She really wished that she hadn’t worn her hair down.
“Have you done all you needed to today?” Adam asked looking at a ridiculously frilly bow. They were in a general store looking at bolts of material with some rather exorbitant displays.
“There is hardly anything I need to do, it is a small wedding,” Annie said slapping Adam’s hand away from touching the bow. He looked at her surprised.
“Just because it is small does not mean it requires less attention,” he argued.
“Anyone would think you are the one getting married,” she said looking to Stewart for help.
“Just let her eat,” Stewart whined, deciding he couldn’t take anymore bickering. He was sick of wearing a full suit for town just as much as Annie hated her dress.
“Fine!” Adam conceded. He didn’t seem bothered by wearing his suit at all.
The three of them headed to the nearest, decent establishment. Annie wasn’t fussy about the particulars, as long as they had food that would fill her. The place they walked into wasn’t the fanciest but it was well liked by the working class and it had a reputation for good, hardy food. They were seated at a small table, hardly big enough for three because the dining room was overcrowded and rather noisy.
“Nice choice,” Stewart said over the noise of the crowd as he picked up a menu. The menu being a sheet of paper with the options neatly hand written on it.
“Are you eating?” Annie asked smiling at his gruff expression. He shrugged his shoulders and acted like it was nothing. Adam snatched up a menu and started browsing through as if to trump Stewart.
“Are you eating?” Stewart echoed Annie’s question to Adam.
Annie took the menu from Adam, leaving him empty-handed, as it was the only one on the table and she was in the middle of them so they would all be able to see it.
“Well what else am I to do whilst Annie eats, stare at her?” He asked as if there were no other options. Stewart rolled his eyes and they all went back to studying the menu.
“What would you like?” The waiter asked as he approached the table.
He wasn’t the most polite person but he wasn’t rude either. He seemed rather flustered and overheated by the crowd. Understandably because if you wanted to move through the place you had to do so in such a way so as not to touch any other patrons and the only way to do that was to contort your body as you shuffled your feet along.
“Yes, I would like the soup,” Adam said happily.
“Soup?” Stewart asked thinking the choice was stupid.
“Yes, soup,” Adam repeated. “What are you having?”
“I will have the beef stew,” Stewart instructed the waiter.
“Stew is soup with lumps in it,” Adam argued. The waiter was becoming impatient so Annie decided to step in.
“I will have a glass of cider and the meat and vegetables,” she said with a smile. She grabbed the menu from Adam, who had taken it back, and gave both the boys a pointed look and she passed it to the waiter. “Thank you.”
“Soup,” Stewart said under his breath after they were left alone.
“That is it!” Adam declared but before he could say anything else they were joined by someone they weren’t expecting.
“Annie,” Nathaniel said with a smile. Everyone looked at him and the boys were open about their displeasure of his arrival.
“Nathaniel,” Annie greeted trying to hide the surprise in her voice. She also attempted to hide the confusion she had on her face from his unexpected appearance. “What are you doing here?”
“This is where I have lunch every day,” he answered completely missing the fact there were two other people at the table. They all looked down to see that he was dressed in his clerk’s uniform from the post office.
“Then by all means, join us. We have just ordered but I am sure you can catch the waiter and place an order with our table,” she suggested, pointing to the man that had helped them.
“Excellent, I will be back in a moment,” he said giving a quick nod to the boys then moving off towards the waiter.
“What are you doing?” Adam leaned in and whispered urgently.
“What do you mean?” She wondered looking at him as if he were insane.
“Why would you invite him to have lunch with us?” Stewart interjected.
“Why would I not offer?” She looked around trying to see something she must have missed.
“He will think you are interested in him,” Adam took over the scolding again.
“He is aware that I am spoken for.” She held up her hand with the ring, wearing a satisfied look on her face.
“That does not change anything in some men’s minds,” Stewart argued.
“Well it does in mine. Besides, I know him from my childhood.”
“That is worse!” Adam debated.
“How?” She asked thinking the two of them had lost their minds.
“It certainly is not better,” Stewart finished.
Annie shook her head at them both but they couldn’t continue because the topic of their conversation was returning.
“It is a mad house in here,” Nathaniel commented as he dragged an extra chair over to the already crowded table. He placed it between Stewart and Annie.
“What did you order?” She asked, ignoring the glares from Adam and Stewart.
“The meat and vegetables.” Nathaniel’s attention was completely focused on Annie.
“That is the same thing I ordered!” She said enjoying the coincidence.
Adam went to nudge her under the table with his foot but instead he kicked Stewart. Stewart kicked Adam back and it shook the whole table.
“That was not meant for you,” Adam hissed as he rubbed his shin.
“Aim better next time,” Stewart advised casually trying not to move his lips too much. “What do you do with your free time?” He abruptly asked Nathaniel.
“I hunt if the weather permits. Reading is also one of my favorite past times,” he answered reluctantly taking his attention away from Annie.
“What do you read?” She asked at the same time that Stewart asked, “Where do you hunt?” They looked at each other for a moment in a stare off.
“Where do you hunt?” Stewart repeated deciding to steal the conversation back.
“In the woods, north of town,” he answered holding back any more details. He wanted to get back to speaking with Annie.
“What do you hunt?” Stewart asked before she could ask her question.
“Many things.”
“Such as…?” Stewart pushed.
“People for one,” Nathaniel joked, losing his patients. Everyone at the table froze and their expressions dropped. “I was being facetious.”
“Uh, what genre do you usually read?” Annie asked breaking the awkward silence.
“Mostly horror,” Baden jested as he came up to the table.
No one had heard him arrive and he surprised all of them. He was dressed superbly in a full suit and no one could tell he hated every inch of it because he wore it better than any other man. He looked at the stranger at the table and he couldn’t help but instantly dislike him. Nathaniel’s close proximity to Annie wasn’t helping his cause much.
“Baden!” Annie said excitedly as her voice and face lit up when she saw him. Baden grabbed a chair that had just been vacated and placed it between her and Nathaniel.
Nathaniel had to shuffle over to make room and he was now awkwardly squashed up against Stewart. Baden took Annie’s hand and displayed it by resting their clasped hands on the table. Nathaniel noticed his point and it irritated him.
“Good afternoon. I do not believe we have met,” he said to Nathaniel. “My name is Baden.” He held out his free hand and Nathaniel looked at it for a moment before he shook it.
“My name is Nathaniel,” he answered. He couldn’t help but noticed the crushing grip Baden applied to the hand shake.
Baden wasn’t averse to people being around Annie in general, only those with the potential to hurt her. From Baden’s experiences he found that many men were a danger to her in one way or another and they would have to pass vigorous testing before they were even permitted the privilege to associate themselves with her. But this man seemed like more of a threat to her safety, though Baden wasn’t sure why. His soul seemed kind enough, from the quick glimpse Baden took of it. But there was something concerning that wasn’t quite so clear.
“We grew up together,” Annie interjected. She could see what was playing over in Baden’s mind.
“That is just…charming,” Baden said piercing his gaze into Nathaniel. He was using his body to block most of the interaction between this man and Annie. “You should come to the wedding then.”
Baden used the invite as an excuse to point out the obvious. Nathaniel looked at their interlocked fingers again and took a moment before he answered.
“When is it?” He asked trying to see around Baden to Annie.
“Shortly,” Adam and Stewart chimed in together. They looked at each other as if to scold the other for being so rude.
“There is no date just yet,” Annie explained. Nathaniel visibly became lighter and he had to hold back a smile.
“Be sure to advise me,” he said looking as if he was the cat that got the cream. “I would love to share your big day, Annie.” He said it in such a way as if to insinuate a role that was bigger than a guest.
The waiter brought over Annie, Adam and Stewart’s dishes and set them on the table in front of them.
“Would you like yours here, Nathaniel?” The waiter asked. Nathaniel was a regular there and all the wait staff new that he preferred to take lunch back to his workplace where it was quieter.
“No, I will be taking mine with me as usual,” he advised. He had intended to stay but not now that Baden was there.
“You are not staying?” Annie asked. The others did little to hide their pleasure.
“No, I always take it back to work with me and bring the dish back later,” he explained as he stood. “I wish you all a good afternoon,” he said politely to the men. “Annie.” He saved her name for its own special farewell, accompanied with a cheeky smile.
Before he left he pulled a pencil out of his breast pocket and handed it to her. She looked at it curiously then back at him.
“To pull your hair back,” he explained. He had noticed that her cheeks were flushed and she seemed flustered from the over crowdedness of the room.
When she realised what he meant she smiled and took the pencil he was extending. With ease she twisted her hair back as she had many times, just like he had shown her when they were children. Nathaniel left with the waiter and the men stared after him as he walked away.
“That man is unbearable!” Adam declared.
“He makes me want to strike the closest one to me,” Stewart joined in, deciding to punch Adam in the arm. Adam rubbed his arm mindlessly as he brought his attention back to Annie.
“You are both being childish,” she said as she started to eat her food. She couldn’t wait any longer.
“You are being naïve,” Stewart commented as he started to eat also.
“Did you find who you were looking for?” She asked Baden ignoring Adam and Stewart.
“Why yes, I did,” he said happily.
Baden decided to let Stewarts point slide because he knew Annie was not as naïve as she seemed but also he knew he would be there to protect her when she needed it. Who cared if there was someone else who found Annie appealing? She was appealing and much more. And he had no doubt that when she was changed she would be wild and fierce and unstoppable, all in the best way. He could hardly wait.
“And who exactly were you looking for?” She wondered as she internally rejoiced that she was finally eating.
“I was searching for the minister who married my parents,” he started to explain. She dropped her fork in her food and looked at him, astonished. She thought it was the sweetest thing.
“And…” She asked completely forgetting her food.
“And unfortunately he has passed away, however!” He declared triumphantly. “His son just so happened to take up the same occupation and was more than thrilled to accept the invitation to do the honors.” Annie threw her arms around his neck and gave him an exuberant kiss.
“That is beautiful!” She said and it made the whole table laugh. They felt the joy rolling off her and it bubbled up inside of them.
The rest of the lunch was made in companionable laughter and soon they were all headed back to the manor for the night.
It was hard for Baden and Annie to believe that life was going to get better than it already was.

CHAPTER 19:

Something was eating away at Annie. It started off as a little niggle of guilt then it turned into nagging and now it was an outright burden. She was feeling guilty about how she had left things with Eli. After everything he had done, he was still the one who had looked after her when no one else would and had always wanted the best for her, even if he took that to extremes. She wanted to see him, no she had to see him so she could apologise or…something. All she knew was that she had to set things right or at least as close to right as she could get them.
Now all she had to do was convince Baden.
Annie was with Adam in the library and they had just come in from brushing down the horses in the stables. She liked to do that because it helped take her mind off things. She was dressed in her training gear because she hadn’t bothered to change after coming in from the stables. She had kicked off her boots and now sat with her feet up on the chair.
“Adam…” She said as he was searching through the books on the shelves for a book they could make fun of.
On a regular basis they would find a book that was ridiculous in every way and make funny voices when reading it allowed to each other and change the words to say even more preposterous things than it already did. They were usually left in side splitting laughter and Baden and Stewart never understood the fun of it.
“Yes?” He was distracted as he flicked through a book that had caught his eye.
Annie thought he looked cute all messed about in his casual clothes. She went up to him and stood there, leaning her head over the book and looking at him to cover his view. He finally looked at her and the expression on his face conveyed that he thought she was being strange.
“Do you think Baden would take me to see Eli?” She whispered ever so softly incase Baden was close by.
Baden was in the parlor with Stewart playing chess but he would be able to hear her if she spoke normally. She knew Baden usually didn’t use his abilities unless he was concerned about something dangerous close by, and since she was home with three snatchers she was considerably safe, but even with her whispering she wasn’t sure that he couldn’t hear her. Adam didn’t mean to but he laughed in her face. She shushed him frantically, grabbing his arm to show her urgency.
“Why do you think he would?” He whispered as low as he could but she couldn’t hear what he said.
“What?” She asked and he rolled his eyes.
“No,” he said bluntly.
“What is all the whispering for?” Baden asked from the door. They both jumped when they heard his voice because they hadn’t heard him approach.
“I thought you were playing a game of chess with Stewart?” Annie asked as she stepped away from Adam to try and make them look innocent. It had the opposite effect.
“We finished, I won,” Baden answered as he slowly walked up to them with his hands in his pockets. “I could not concentrate with all of this commotion anyway.” There really wasn’t any commotion he just wanted to bring the conversation back to the two of them being secretive.
“I think I will go and challenge Stewart to a game of chess myself,” Adam said as he slapped the book shut and put it back on the shelf.
Annie grabbed at his arm to detain him but he casually pulled it free without looking at her and left. A gave a weak smile of apology to Baden for a reason he wasn’t sure of.
Annie put on her best smile and sauntered up to Baden. Resting her hands on his chest she looked up to him seductively. One of his eyebrows raised in suspicion and delight. He particularly liked when she wore her training gear because it hugged her body tightly and showed off her curves tremendously well. In dresses he had to try and look more closely because of all the ruffles in the skirts. Of course he still managed to get an eyeful, which he very much appreciated.
“Miss Belle, anyone would think you are trying to pull the wool over my eyes,” he said playfully.
He pulled his hands out of his pockets and wrapped them around her and did a better job of distracting her than she was doing to him.
“Uh…” She lost her train of thought with his touch and looked a little lost.
“Is there something you want to tell me?” He asked trying to hold back his smile so he could keep the upper hand.
“I think there was...” She forced herself to look off to the side so she could think straight. When she finally remembered her brow furrowed.
“Annie?” The concern in his voice forced her to look at him again. “What is it?”
“Wellllll….” She lengthened the word so she could try and gain enough courage to tell him what she wanted to do. “I want to see Eli,” she blurted out.
His grip on her waist became slightly tighter, but not uncomfortable, and then concern changed from worried to steely.
“How is that a good idea?” He questioned as if she had lost her mind
“It is not but I want to set things right with him, I want to make it better and you can either fight me on this and I will get there by myself or you can take me,” she rambled so he couldn’t interrupt. By the time she was finished she was out of breath.
“I think it would be unwise for you to go there and I do not want you to go,” he expressed his feelings trying to stay calm.
“Well I am going either way because I want to…unless you plan to lock me away…again?” She challenged, stepping away from him and folding her arms across her chest.
As much as he would like to lock her away for her own good he wouldn’t because in the end it was her life and she was an adult and was allowed to make her own choices. He rolled his eyes and shrugged his shoulders, giving in. She couldn’t believe it, she had won! When it had sunk in she couldn’t help but jump into his embrace and throw her arms around his neck.
“For the record, I am not happy about this,” he said holding her tight.
“Oh, you are never happy about anything,” she joked with a smile. She couldn’t hold back her elation.
“Not true,” he argued looking at her intently. “I am very happy with one specific thing.” As he spoke he trailed his hands a little lower on her back. “You.”
“Sorry,” Adam said as he came in. They looked over and he averted his eyes, embarrassment obvious on his face. “I was coming for a book.” He thought they might have already left the library by now had been coming in to get a book on chess moves because he was losing so horribly.
“That is fine, Adam,” Baden assured. “In fact, can you tell Stewart that we are headed to Eli’s manor?” Adam wiped the surprised look off his face and went to Stewart immediately.
“We are going now?” Annie asked shocked.
“No time like the present,” Baden said. “Best to get it over and done with. I will get the horse ready.”
So Annie was left there alone, reeling that the confrontation was going to happen imminently.
Annie and Baden rode on the horse as Adam and Stewart walked. She was quiet the whole ride as the boys chatted and laughed. They went the back way because Annie was wearing her training gear and didn’t want to be seen out and about in pants.
“Who is coming in with me?” She asked as she stared at the manor that they were approaching swiftly.
“Maybe just Baden?” Stewart suggested as Garrick opened the door and watched them come through the gates.
Baden slowed the horse to a stop near the gates, silently helping Annie down from the horse and handing the reins to Adam. They all felt very uncomfortable being there
“Listen carefully for anything that sounds amiss when we are in there,” Baden instructed quietly to Stewart.
Baden took Annie’s hand and led her over cautiously. He stopped them a few feet away from the door. They had left so abruptly that she didn’t even have time to change out of her training gear. Now she stood there self-consciously feeling far too underdressed for a visit to a gentleman’s manor, even if it was just Eli. As usual Baden wasn’t dressed for the occasion, he wasn’t dressed for any occasion. Just his casual peasant shirt and loose pants, yet somehow he still looked incredible. Garrick must have thought they looked ridiculous.
“Mr. Brighton is held up in a meeting at the present time. Miss Belle is welcome to wait in the library for him to finish,” Garrick informed as he blocked the doorway.
“I am afraid I must insist that I am to come in with Annie,” Baden said politely. He had always liked Garrick and though the old man had chosen Eli he still respected him.
“Mr. Brighton will only accept Annie’s presence within the manor,” Garrick stressed. Annie raised her hand to stop Baden from arguing.
“That will be fine,” she agreed.
“You are not going in there alone,” Baden whispered crossly as he gently took hold of her arm to keep her from moving.
“Baden, I am going in there. I lived with this man for a time and he did not harm me,” she said equally as angry.
“I do not think that he will harm you at all…quite the opposite.” Baden gave away the real reason he didn’t want her to go in, he was jealous.
“Do not be ridiculous, Eli has always respected me and would never force himself on me,” she assured.
“And what if this time he does not respect you?” He looked pointedly at her as he spoke.
“Then I am sure there is no force on earth that could keep you from entering the manor.” For the first time she thought she saw fear in his eyes. “What is the matter Baden…truthfully?”
“And what if he convinces you that you should walk away from me?” He had never looked so vulnerable than he did right then.
“You are frightened of that happening? Do you honestly think that he could?” She asked thinking she must not have made how she felt clear enough. Then again she didn’t have the best track record when it came to showing how much she loved him.
“Anything is possible,” he said weakly.
“Not that,” she promised.
Garrick cleared his throat at the door. Annie looked at Baden to see what he wanted her to do, this time if he wanted her to leave with him right then she would.
“I will be right here waiting for you.” His eyes were still full of worry but the stress had left his face.
“And I will be coming back for you.” This brought a small smile to his face and she would have kissed him if Garrick wasn’t standing there.
Baden let go of Annie’s arm and she gave him a wink before she went inside with Garrick. He moved back over with the boys and they all stood facing the manor as if they were at attention.
“Feeling a little insecure are we Baden?” Stewart teased. Baden moved his hand at lightning speed without moving any other part of his body and hit Stewart in the stomach. Stewart keeled over, grunting from the pain of it.
“Feeling a little sore are we Stewart?” Adam asked through a laugh.
Suddenly Stewart straightened up as best he could and did to Adam what Baden had just done to him, causing Adam to keel over in pain as Stewart had.
Inside, Garrick led Annie to the library silently. She walked into the familiar room and looked around.
“Eli will be in shortly,” Garrick informed before he closed the door on his exit.
Annie moved over to the books and looked at the titles that had seemed strange to her once. So much had happened since she had lived there, things that she never imagined could. She wasn’t sure how she felt about all of it. Baden was the easiest to classify, she loved him so that part was good. Martha and Everard and the others were her family now and that was good. Eli hated her and that was bad. Taru and Oliver, that was bad but all of those seemed tolerable enough for what she had gained. But Jory…that was something completely different. That had left her hurting and she was still trying to figure out if that price was worth it.
She had moved along the shelves without realising and was close to Eli’s desk. A slight breeze blew in through the open window and blew a few sheets of paper off his desk. She went over and picked them up and as she did something caught her eye. There was a letter, which wasn’t so strange, but it had her name in it and Adam’s…Stewart’s…Baden’s and everyone’s she cared about.
She heard Garrick speaking with Eli just outside the door so she looked over the letter as quickly as she could then shoved the papers back on the desk as swiftly and as neatly as possible. She found the words ‘problem’ and ‘dealt with’ sprayed through the words and it frightened her. One sentence was strange, it said something about it all being done for the sake of the innocent involved. She just didn’t know what exactly had to be ‘done’ and who was ‘innocent’.
When Annie heard Eli walking towards the door she reluctantly left the paper and ran to the nearest chair, sitting in it just in time. She evened out her breathing as best she could before he came in. Eli froze when he saw her sitting there looking lovely without her even realising it.
He looked rather frazzled and exhausted in Annie’s opinion. He wore his white shirt unbuttoned and rolled at the sleeves and open at the collar. His hair was ruffled out of place and he had stubble on his face from a day’s growth. He looked nothing like the old, polished Eli she remembered and it made her feel even guiltier. But there was still softness in his eyes. Though the softness she saw in his face was quickly covered over with harness that was becoming too commonplace.
“What may I help you with?” He asked as he walked over to the desk. He stood behind it but did not sit as he looked at the papers on his desk in confusion. She had to think quickly to distract him before he noticed they had been moved.
“Eli, I cannot do this,” she blurted out and he looked up. “I cannot have animosity between us any longer.”
“If you are still marrying him then there is no way to rectify it,” he said bluntly as he looked at the ring on her hand. She tried to cover it as subtly as she could with her other hand.
She would have to be careful with what she said because Baden would be listening to every word. She stood up so she wouldn’t feel so intimidated by Eli.
“I want you to be part of my life. Why can you not try to see the better side of him for my sake?”
“There is not better side to him,” Eli yelled and it made her blood boil with anger. He walked around the desk and came up to her. So it was going to be that kind of visit then. “You are just too deluded to see him for what he really is.”
“Have you ever thought that you might be the deluded one?” She yelled back. “Maybe all these years you did not want to face the fact that even though he was changed into something that you are meant to kill, he still is your brother. He is everything you saw him as when he was just a tracker.”
“My brother died the day he murdered his first innocent victim,” Eli growled.
They stared at each other for a moment, Annie not having anything to say in defense to that. Eli was so hotheaded, just like his brother but he couldn’t even see it.
“Baden makes his own choices, and I am in no way making excuses for him. But have you ever thought maybe you helped to spur on what he became? You betrayed him,” she argued.
“You are being ridiculous,” he said through a laugh. “If we were talking about anyone other than him then you would be as disgusted as every other rational person.”
“And if you had a heart you would be able to see him for what he really is.” She said the words before she thought of them and he looked hurt from them.
“I do have a heart and I gave it to you…and you tampered with it until it was of no use,” he accused. Their dialog was becoming louder and more heated and much more personal. “I would have given you everything, Annie. I would have loved you and cared for you. I would have been everything you deserved but most of all I would have been good for you. He will ruin who you are.”
“You would have loved me but if I was turned then you would have hated me just as you do him,” she argued. This wasn’t going as well as she had planned.
Eli didn’t retaliate, in fact he stood there shocked as if he had just realised something for the first time. By the looks of it, it was something that completely horrified him.
“He is going to change you,” he whispered in horror. Obviously this had never occurred to him before now.
“Why would he not? I want to be with him forever,” she reasoned losing her steam. She wasn’t sure where any of this was going.
“Get off my property!” He barked at her as he walked back to his desk.
He picked up the letter she had seen and started to walk towards the door. She grabbed at his arm but he pulled it away as if he couldn’t stand the thought of her touching him. He turned back to her in anger.
“Know that as soon as you are turned…” he paused and it looked as if he was about to stop but then he found something inside of him that pushed him on. “Know that I will be the one to drive my own dagger through you.”
Annie stood there in utter abhorrence. The words had hurt just as much as if he had stabbed her. They were horrible and mean and most of all they were filled with a hatred so intense she could hardly breathe.
Eli left, not being able to bear the look of betrayal on her face. He regretted the words before they were spoken but he had been so angry that he let them come out. He sought Garrick out and gave him the letter to send, then he went to the other side of the manor. He couldn’t take it if he saw Annie again. He couldn’t take any of it anymore.

CHAPTER 20:

Nathaniel sat in the practically empty restaurant as he ate his dinner. He had finished work and was dressed in his modest suit, having dinner before he went home. The sun was falling swiftly but he wasn’t worried about the time because he lived close by. As he was coming to the end of his food someone stepped up to the table, their shadow covered his food and he looked up to find a woman standing there watching him.
“May I help you?” He asked. She looked a little strange to him. Her dress looked expensive but old, as if it was from another time and her hair was messy and unkempt.
“Yes, you may,” she said as she took the seat next to him. “My name is Mary,” Taru introduced herself with her human name.
“I am Nathaniel,” he introduced himself hesitantly. She didn’t need his name, she had been watching him for weeks now. “What is it that you need my help with?”
“I need you to deliver a package for me.”
“Come to me when I am working and I will be able to help you,” he advised curtly.
“But this needs to be delivered tonight. I will pay good money for your services,” she bribed.
She slid a small black, velvet coin pouch over to him on the table. It was filled with ten pieces of gold. Hesitantly he untied the gold string, opened it and couldn’t hide the shock from his face.
“I am sure you will find someone willing to do it for this much,” he refused her as he slid the pouch back across the table.
“But I need you to, Nathaniel. You know this woman and this delivery will be welcomed by you.” She refused to take no for an answer.
“And who is it that I know?” He asked with irritation in his voice.
“I believe her name is, Annie Belle.” As soon as she said the name his whole demeanor changed.
“What do you want me to deliver?” He couldn’t help the curiosity that grabbed him at Annie’s name.
“It is wrapped and sitting in a small wagon at the side of this building. Take the horse and cart and deliver it. Feel free to keep them after your job is done,” she offered.
“Why do you want me, in particular, to deliver it?” He wondered. He knew he would, just so he could see Annie but he was curious as to why. She folded her arms and leaned in a little closer on the table.
“I can see beyond your lies,” she said and his face dropped. “I can see past your intent for friendship and that your heart beats for her.”
“And what would you know?” He bluffed, trying to act as if she was wrong but failing.
“I know many things because I have seen many things,” she answered cryptically.
“And why do you care what I feel?” He had the sneaking suspicion that he was missing something.
“You deserve her more than others. I would like you to have a chance to distract her from that sorry excuse that will soon be her husband.” She took no effort to hide her dislike of Baden.
“Why do you not like Baden? Has he hurt her?” He asked panicked that Annie might be in trouble.
“No, he would never do anything of that nature to her.”
“Then why is he so bad?” He was starting to suspect this Mary was inclined to irrationality.
“He may love her but he does not deserve her. He never has and he never will,” she answered without elaborating. Seeing no use in trying to extract sense from this strange woman he decided to leave it there.
“Fine, I will do it,” he agreed as he stood to leave.
“Thank you for you cooperation, Nathaniel. I am sure it will be greatly rewarded in the furfure,” she said before she stood and left before he could.
He began to walk away then remembered the bag of gold sitting on the table. He didn’t feel comfortable taking it but he didn’t really want it to just sit there for anyone to take. So he picked it up and slipped it into his pocket.
He rounded the corner of the building and found the cart and horse just as he was told he would. The present in the back was wrapped in brown paper and rested on a sheet to cushion its ride. It was the shape and size of a medium portrait and he was curious as to who it was of. There was already a lantern lit on the cab of the wagon so he could see. He jumped on the horse and headed for Miss Danes’ manor, where he knew Annie would be. The town gossip had taken care of that.
Annie glanced out the window in the front parlor on her way to the library and spotted the horse and cart coming up the driveway.
“Baden,” she whispered and he came as soon as he heard her, which was immediately. “Who is that?” Adam and Stewart came up behind them and peeked out the window.
“It is Nathaniel,” Baden answered angrily.
“What is he doing here?” She asked frantically. “He cannot see all of you men here with me, he will think I am a whore!”
“Why would you be concerned about what he thinks of you?” Adam asked.
“I do not care about him but what if he told someone who told the entire town! You all must hide!” She squealed as she started pushing them into the closest room.
They all just let her shove them through the door, tripping as they tried to stop themselves from falling over each other.
“We will hide,” Baden said. “But I will be there the moment I think I am needed.”
“Agreed,” she said gratefully. He gave her a quick kiss then the three of them were gone.
A knock sounded on the door and she ran to answer it. She smoothed over her hair as best she could and straightened her pink day dress to make herself look presentable. Why had she pulled her hair up into a bun? It always looked a mess after a whole day.
Calming herself she placed her hand on the cold, brass handle. She held it there for a moment, took a breath then opened the door with a smile ready.
“Nathaniel, what a pleasant surprise,” she said half meaning it. A smile came onto his face.
“I am here to deliver a gift for you,” he said. He didn’t make a move to get it from the cart and Annie looked around confused at his empty hands. “Oh, it is in the cart, I will get it.” He came back quickly, holding the package carefully.
“Oh my goodness, this is certainly unexpected,” she commented as she moved out of the way for him to bring it in. “Take it into the front parlor.” She was excited about what it could be. She almost forgot to close the door she was so curious.
He placed it on the largest lounge, leaning it against the back rest. It was laying on its side so whoever the portrait was of it would be unveiled crooked. That’s if it even was a portrait.
“Where is Miss Danes?” He asked looking around the lonely looking room. He had noticed there weren’t too many lights on throughout the house.
“She is out of town at the moment,” Annie answered as she kept her eyes on the present.
“You are here alone?” He was horrified at the notion and she looked up to find his face warped in shock.
“No…I mean yes…I mean, I have visitors from time to time.” She was flustered and wasn’t sure what to say.
“Do you feel unsafe here alone? I can come and stay with you until Miss Danes arrives home,” he offered with his hope secretly rising.
Baden was about to come out and tear him a new one when Adam and Stewart jumped on him. They were struggling to restrain him, let alone to accomplish it silently.
“No,” Annie refused immediately to cover the sound of a scuffle coming from the next room. “That will not be necessary.”
Nathaniel nodded awkwardly wishing he had never offered.
“Are you going to open it?” He asked to distract them both from the uncomfortableness.
Annie’s face lit up as she remembered the present. With her enthusiasm reignited she leaned over and tore away the paper. There seemed to be endless layers and it was a struggle to pull them away.
Finally when the last layer was peeled away she froze at what she saw. A flawless oil painting of Jory was revealed and she gasped at the sight of it. She covered her mouth in horror. It looked just like him, it captured every part of his perfect face and it caused tears to fall silently from her eyes.
“Annie, what is the matter?” He whispered when he saw that it wasn’t as pleasant as she had anticipated.
“This…he…” She tried to say something but she couldn’t push anything past her mouth. When she lost herself to tears he embraced her, surprised at how much it hurt him to see her like that.
Baden stormed into the room and charged up to them. Nathaniel looked over shocked at his sudden presence. Suddenly Adam and Stewart were at his flanks. The three of them looked down at the gift and were just as shocked as Annie. Baden carefully pulled her out of Nathaniel’s grasp and when she was at a safe distance Baden grabbed Nathaniel by the shirt and slammed him against the nearest wall, barely holding back all of his strength. Thank goodness for Nathaniel’s sake, Baden was.
“What is wrong with you?” Nathaniel yelled in Baden’s face.
“Who are you?” Baden yelled back and to Nathaniel’s credit he didn’t look scared at all.
“Baden,” Annie screamed from behind them. Adam had to hold her back from running over and getting involved.
“I should be asking you the same question!” Nathaniel argued back. “I was just the messenger, I had no idea what was in there!”
Baden seemed to calm down slightly after he saw that Nathaniel was telling the truth.
“Who sent it for her?” Baden asked through gritted teeth.
“Some strange woman propositioned me at dinner to deliver it. She had a purse full of gold for the task,” he answered.
“Her name?” Baden demanded. Nathaniel racked his brain for the memory. He was so shocked from the turn of events that he found it difficult to remember. Baden gave him another little shove to encourage him.
“Mary?” He answered. He wasn’t too sure if that was it but he was sure enough.
Baden let him go and turned to the others to find their horror struck faces looking at him in disbelief. He went over to the painting and started searching through the scraps of torn paper. Nathaniel moved over to Annie quickly.
“I think it best if we leave here,” he whispered reaching out for her hand.
“Touch her and die,” Baden threatened without even looking at him.
The poor man dropped his hand and looked at Annie exasperatedly.
“Go, Nathaniel. I will be fine.” She felt sorry for him. He was being so brave and thinking of her before himself.
“I do not think it is a good idea for you to stay here,” he pushed.
“Please, Nathaniel. You must go!” She said harshly. She had to make sure he left so Baden wouldn’t unleash his anger on him.
“She was right,” Nathaniel hissed as he turned to leave.
“Who was right?” Baden asked, actually turning to him this time. Nathaniel turned back to the room when he reached the door.
“Mary or whatever her name is!” He yelled. “She said you do not deserve Annie.”
Everyone looked at the relative stranger in disbelief and he left without another word. Adam didn’t want to be the one who broke the awkwardness but he had spotted a letter on the floor amongst the mess. He picked it up and saw Annie’s name beautifully written on it.
“Annie, there is a letter for you,” Adam said quietly holding it out for her. Everyone froze, they had no idea what was in it but whatever it was, they knew it wasn’t going to be good.

CHAPTER 21:

Annie looked at Baden and wanted to say something to refute what was just said but she couldn’t think of anything to say. Everything was so disheveled, just when it was all starting to come together so nicely. She walked over to Adam, glancing at Stewart along the way until she stopped, just staring at Adam. She reached out and took the letter that had her name scrawled across it. She let her hand drop to her side as if she was exhausted and to be honest she was. She and Baden just stood there staring at each other and the silence in the room was thick. When she was brave enough to look she opened the letter. It read:
Dearest Annie,
	I hear you are quite content with your choice and you do seem to be. However, please consider the possibility that you have chosen poorly. Baden has not earned your love and he should not be given it so earnestly. Look harder and you may find another amongst the rubble, one that you have forgotten. If Baden truly loved you then why is he burdening your life with his? Best of luck, I know you will find what you are looking for and what you deserve.
Yours faithfully
Taru
Annie felt the anger boil over inside her and she crumpled up the letter in her hands. She screamed in sheer rage, rage from her hatred of Taru for taking Jory away and for trying to take away the only one that she had wanted to spend forever with.
“Annie,” Baden said as he came over to her.
“No!” She yelled and moved away from him. “Adam, start that fire,” she demanded pointing wildly to the unlit fire place. He went to work immediately as she backed herself away from Baden and Stewart.
“What does it say?” Baden asked as he approached her as if she were a wild, unpredictable animal.
“You will only ever see this letter over my dead body,” she shouted.
Everyone thought she was acting a little crazy but they really wanted to see what was in that letter. She held it close to her chest as if to protect the contents of the letter.
“Stop lighting that fire,” Baden demanded of Adam as he kept his eyes on Annie.
“Keep lighting it!” Annie yelled as she tried to move away from Baden.
“It cannot be that bad. Please, Annie. We need to see it so we can try to understand what is going on,” he said calmly creeping closer to her.
“No Baden, stop it! It says nothing and you will be no closer to knowing anything,” she whispered. She would do anything to ensure he never laid eyes on those words.
The fire whipped to life next to her and she moved closer to it, keeping watch of Baden. When she could feel the heat of the fire on her legs she turned as quickly as she could and threw the paper into the flames. Before she could feel the relief from seeing the words turned to ashes Baden’s hand snatched it away from the fire faster than she could see. He was over the other side of the room before she could turn and she ran to him to try and grab the letter but it was too late.
He had it open and he had read it.

Nathaniel stormed up to his front door, angered by what he saw that night. He couldn’t believe Annie was still there with that lunatic.
“How did the delivery go?” Taru asked from the shadows.
“You!” He snapped, storming up to her. “You set me up. It caused chaos and mayhem and you knew it would. I do not know how but you did.”
“Nathaniel, you are too sharp,” she said with a smile he couldn’t see.
Before he could register what she had said she struck at him and sent him into unconsciousness.
Taru loaded Nathaniel into the cart and covered him with the sheet, she jumped on the cab and whipped the horse into motion. She took him to Oliver’s castle, where she wasn’t greeted with a very warm reception.
She carefully carried him up the winding stone staircase to where Oliver was.
“What is that?” Oliver asked looking disgusted at the sight of Nathaniel. The young man was still unconscious.
“We had an arrangement, remember?” She reminded as she gently placed him on the bed in Oliver’s chamber.
“This is the one you want me to look after?” Oliver sounded repulsed at the very thought of it as he pointed to Nathaniel on the bed. His face showed his displeasure with the idea.
“Yes, he is to be held in a fine room and taken care of as if he were royalty,” she instructed. “And by no means do I want him harmed in any way or hear that he has escaped.”
“He is human, how could he escape?” Oliver asked inspecting his new guest.
Oliver was annoyed because the man was handsome, youthful and was only at the beginning of his life. Oliver wished he could have all that back and he found himself jealous of this one and that was not good for a starting point.
“How long is it staying?” Oliver asked uncouthly.
“Nathaniel,” she stressed the name. “Will be staying for as long as I desire. Be warned, if I find he has been harmed then Baden’s little show on you will seem like a pleasantry compared to what I will do.” Taru had come across Oliver as he was just healing and couldn’t help but find pleasure in the state Baden had left him in.
The last thing she needed was to have Nathaniel too fright stricken to fall in love with Annie. She needed him to fall in love with Annie, all for the sake of Healey.
“And do not dare change him,” Taru growled.
“I will keep all that in mind,” Oliver said through gritted teeth. “Where are you going?” He asked as she turned to leave.
“I have things I must do?” She barked. He ran after her as she made her way through the castle. “Do as I say or you will wish that I had let you die after I slit your throat.” She was referring to when he was still human and she had almost killed him.
“Yes, you have threatened me enough to make me understand that I must keep him safe.” He brushed off her threat as if it didn’t bother him. “But when will I have my part of the bargain?”
Taru stopped and looked at him. She looked like a bird that was contemplating eating an insect.
“She will be here imminently,” she promised and then she left.
Oliver walked off with a smile on his face from anticipation. He was about to get everything he ever wanted. He would hide Annie at a secluded castle, one that Taru didn’t even know existed and no one would be able to find them. And Annie would be his forever.

Baden looked over at Annie after he read the letter. Adam and Stewart stood frozen and everyone seemed too afraid to move.
“Burn it,” Annie demanded of him. Instead he dropped the letter and left the room. Annie grabbed the letter off the ground and threw it into the fireplace as quickly as she could and ran after Baden.
Adam and Stewart stood looking at the paper burning but Adam couldn’t take it. He reached in to grab the paper from the fire but Stewart held his arm to stop him.
“Actually, do it,” Stewart said and let Adam put his hand in the fire.
He wasn’t surprised when Adam yelled out in pain because the letter was too far gone and he had gotten nothing but burned from the effort.
“Bastard,” Adam said under his breath knowing that Stewart would hear.
“Curiosity killed the cat,” Stewart counseled as he turned to move away. “Let us go, I think they need some time.”
Adam gave one more look at the fire as he clutched his throbbing hand.
“You cannot retrieve it,” Stewart yelled. It snapped Adam out of his distraction and they both left the manor.
Annie found Baden in their room looking through the open window, shrouded by the darkness. He knew when she came in but he didn’t face her. She walked over to him and wrapped her arms around him from behind, leaning her face on his back. He couldn’t take it, he couldn’t accept her love. He pulled her arms apart and moved away from her.
“Baden,” she whispered his name. Her voice sounded close to breaking and it hurt him even more.
“Annie, do not do that,” he said quietly. She could just make out his face from the moonlight and she thought she saw tears in his eyes. He was looking away from her, as if he couldn’t stand to look at her.
“Do not do what? Do not love you?” She asked feeling like she could be sick from it all. He looked so vulnerable as he crossed his arms over his chest. “Because I will, you know. I will love you even if you walk away from me and I will search the ends of the earth until I find you if you leave.”
“Maybe I want to go?” He bluffed.
“Lies Baden, all lies. Do not try this again,” she almost shouted. “Do not leave because you think it necessary. I want you here, I want you!”
“What Taru said is true,” he argued. “I am nothing but a burden to you.”
“No!” This time Annie did yell. “She,” she said the word like it was poison. “Is nothing but a lonely, havoc loving, rancid creature that, for some reason, is focusing her disturbed attention on us.”
Baden still didn’t look at Annie and she couldn’t stand it anymore. She went up to him and stood right in front of him but he still didn’t look at her. She placed her hands either side of his face and forced him to look at her. She knew she wasn’t strong enough to really force him to look at her so at least he had chosen to let her do it. She felt the tears on his face and saw the defeat in his eyes.
“No, this is not it. This is not the end,” she said as her own tears won out and fell down her face. “I love you,” she said breathlessly.
She reached up and tried to kiss him but he turned his face away. He moved away from her and stood at the open window. It looked as if he was about to disappear into the night.
“Do not leave me,” she begged. The words came out a blubbering mess as she grabbed at his arm.
“You need better than me!” He yelled and the words felt like they collided into her soul and shattered it.
“No, I need you! Please, Baden!” She was frantic now. “If you leave me I swear, you will live to regret it.” Her threat sounded empty, even to her, so she upped the ante. “I will make someone change me and I will come after you.”
She tugged at his arm as she yelled and he let the force of it turn him around to face her. She hit his chest as hard as she could with both fists. It did nothing but break his heart. Soon she collapsed into his chest crying as she grabbed onto his shirt. He couldn’t stop himself, he wrapped his arms around her and it made her cry even harder.
“I will not leave if you want me to stay,” he whispered in her ear. She nodded her head frantically as she looked up through her tear clouded eyes.
“Do you want to stay?” She asked. Her voice was husky from the crying. She realised that she had never thought if he wanted to stay. He brushed her hair out of her face with shaky hands.
“With all of me,” he said. “Every part of me wants to stay.”
Throwing her arms around him she kissed him with every bit of desperation in her and he did the same. Their teary cheeks smudged against each other but they didn’t care.
“I love you,” he said holding onto her like he had been saved as he buried his face into her neck. She held onto him like he was saving her from drowning.
“I love you,” she said frantically. “I love you.”
He kissed cheek, her forehead, her nose, her chin not wanting to miss an inch. She tried to wipe the tears off his face but they kept coming so she gave up. Eventually they fell into laughter from how dramatic it all had been.
“You should have seen you,” he said referring to her guarding the letter. “You looked like a cornered wild animal about to attack.” She laughed at his description.
“You actually looked frightened of me!” She commented.
Their laughter fell away as their tears dried up and their souls felt heavy.
“I was,” he said seriously. He wasn’t talking about being afraid for his safety but of losing her and she knew that.
“You will never lose me,” she promised. “Because you are the one that found me.”
He leaned his face into hers and closed his eyes, taking in the feel of her nearness.
“Time for bed?” She asked innocently and he let out a chuckle.
He picked her up and laid her on the bed. She was holding onto him as if to make sure he wouldn’t leave so he gently pulled her hand away from his shirt to prove that he was staying of his own free will. He laid down by her side and held onto her. She didn’t care that she was still dressed, she was too tired to get changed.
Annie had never felt as relieved as she did that night, drifting off to sleep in Baden’s arms. Knowing that he stayed.

CHAPTER 22:

Annie woke in the middle of the night feeling cold as the breeze from the open window blew over her. She curled up and realised that there was no one next to her. She opened her eyes and looked around but Baden was nowhere to be seen. She sat up and tried to push away the sleep from her mind. As she began to wake the night before swam into her mind and she realised what had happened…
Baden had left, he left when she was asleep and couldn’t stop him. He left her. It was too much to take in.
She scurried off the bed and ran down stairs looking through all of the rooms. With every room that came up empty her heart beat faster with dread.
She ran into the library to find Adam flipping the chess board over whilst Stewart sat back looking quite pleased with his conquest. The chess pieces scattered over the floor.
“You cheated,” Adam accused. Stewart sat reclined with his hands behind his head, wide smile firmly in place.
“No, you are just a poor player,” Stewart said satisfied.
Before Adam could launch into his tirade Stewart noticed Annie and straightened up in his seat. Adam saw his serious face and turned to see what he was looking at.
“Annie, what is wrong?” Adam asked surprised to see her.
He stood and walked over to her but she didn’t notice. She was staring off into nothing as she moved and sat down in the nearest chair, he followed her as she moved and stood next to her once she had settled.
“He left,” she whispered not truly believing it.
“Baden?” Stewart clarified, still sitting down.
She nodded, still not looking at anything. The men looked at each other not knowing what to say.
“Maybe he went to kill Nathaniel?” Adam offered trying to think of the most rational explanation.
Annie didn’t move from his suggestion but Stewart held out his hands with an exasperated expression that said, ‘what are you thinking you idiot’.
“He might have,” Adam whispered as he leaned closer to Stewart and away from Annie, trying to make it so she wouldn’t hear.
Stewart threw a pillow as hard as he could and it hit Adam in the face, making quite a loud thud for a pillow.
“Maybe he is not doing that,” Adam retracted his suggestion after taking Stewart’s hint.
“What?” She said looking around as if she just woke up.
“Annie,” Stewart said moving over to her. He crouched down next to the chair and she looked down into his face. “He would not leave you. He will be back.”
She shook her head slowly. She knew she would never see him again… after what they spoke about last night it was the only logical explanation to her. Unless she could find him herself.
“Change me,” she said to Stewart, her face lighting up with the idea.
“What?” He stood and moved away from her as if she had a disease he could catch.
Annie stood and moved over to him, eagerness written all over her face.
“No,” he said sternly. She spun around and faced Adam.
“Change me,” she said to Adam and he looked to Stewart distraught.
“He will not,” Stewart answered for him. It was obvious that Adam wasn’t finding any words to say.
“Adam, I found this cliff. It is so high, we must jump off it,” Micah said as he walked into the room. He froze when he saw Annie with them. “What are you doing up at this hour?” He asked confused.
“Micah, change me!” She demanded and ran up to him as fast as she could. Stewart was in front of him before she could reach him, trying to block her from getting closer.
“Change you? Why? Where is Baden?” Micah asked looking around to anyone for an answer.
“He left and I must find him but the only way I can accomplish that is to be changed,” she argued trying to step around Stewart. He stepped in front of her and she gave him the angriest glare she had.
“He has not left,” Micah laughed as he stepped around Stewart to go to Adam. “As I was saying, there is this cliff so high you might actually die from the fall,” he said excitedly to Adam.
“A snatcher might die from the fall?” Adam asked looking impressed.
“Not a snatcher, you,” Micah clarified with a mocking grin. Adam’s face dropped and he rolled his eyes from the joke that he was finding old.
“Micah!” Annie screamed and he turned to her as if he only just noticed her. “Change me!”
“You think that he actually left you?” Micah asked looking to the others to try and figure out what was going on. “I highly doubt that.”
“He did and you must help me,” she demanded again and he started to see she was serious.
“He would literally destroy me if I touched you, you do realise that, Annie?” He spoke as if he was talking to someone who had lost their senses. “What happened?”
“Taru,” Stewart answered.
Micah looked at him strangely and then got the gist of what was going on. Suddenly Micah went to leave for, what seemed to be, no reason at all.
“Where are you going?” Adam asked.
“I can help, wait here,” he answered then he was out the door and running.
At that moment, Baden was running through the trees in the early morning darkness. The night was cold but it didn’t slow him. He ran fast and was but a breeze in the night. He had been looking all night and realised where he would find what he was looking for. When he came upon the ancient house that had imprisoned him he slowed. He could feel her there.
“Come out, Taru!” He yelled into the night. There was stillness before she came out from amongst the trees. Her shabby, grey peasant dress made her look homeless and harmless but he knew better.
“Look what decided to show its face,” she hissed. “What are you looking for, Baden? Revenge? You cannot find it here.”
She circled him like a lion about to pounce. He watched her as she stalked around him. He looked menacing wearing all black, he could hardly be distinguished from the darkness itself.
“Whether I can or cannot defeat you is a discussion that I believe does not have a solid answer,” he snarled. He looked into her soul and he could actually see fear there. She was afraid of him.
Moving quicker than she could react he kicked her legs from under her and she landed hard against the ground. He stood over her and looked down as if she was worthless.
“I may not be able to destroy your flesh but I can destroy your soul,” he smiled sadistically. “I know there is a soul in there somewhere, Mary!” He used her human name to show he thought her weak, he was not afraid of her in the slightest. “I can smell it all over you! I can see its revolting face when I look through you. That is why I know this will hurt you more than any wound could…”
She looked up at him thinking there wasn’t a thing that he could say that could hurt her. He bent lower so she could see his face clearly as he said his next sentence.
“I will not call you unwanted, or horrific or evil or worthless. No, you have heard every insult imaginable.” He waited a moment to make sure she was focusing. “All I will say is this; you will live forever…and you. are. alone.”
Taru had thought the words before, almost every day of her existence, but she had never dared to say them out loud. She had killed people merely for saying the word ‘alone’ in her presence. She had never been able to face the thought of being eternally alone but no one had ever known that. Except now Baden could see it in her, when no one else had been able to.
Baden saw what the words had done to her, he could feel her sadness and he knew he had hurt her. He let her scurry away from him and stand up. They faced each other silently, gauging the other.
“I have a deal to make with you, Baden.” She said his name like it was a curse. His words had reminded her of the only time in her life she hadn’t felt alone, a time long gone. A special time with a special someone.
“I will not be making deals with you.”
“You will if you want Annie to live,” she threatened and he could feel the truth in her words.
“What makes you think I would let you anywhere near her?” Baden didn’t consider Taru a threat to Annie because he would not let her be.
“Someone is coming, Baden. Someone that even all of your hatred cannot kill and you would be wise to listen to me,” she warned. He wanted to accuse her of lying but he could hear the burden of truth in every word and could see it in her soul; the burden of hundreds of years of knowing.
“Who is it?” He asked feeling ready for whatever she was about to say.
“There are things beyond us, things that I cannot tell,” she answered cryptically. The fear in her soul gave him pause and it made him fearful for Annie.
“What is it that you want me to do?” He asked warily. He needed more information so he went along with it. She stretched her arm out, pointing to the willow tree.
“There is a man named Healey buried there.” She pointed to the old willow tree. Baden looked to the tree and now he realised that was why she always looked at it when he had seen her near it.
“And you loved him?” He asked satisfied that he had his proof that there was a vulnerable soul in there. It gave him an advantage.
“Quite possibly.” She paused looking at the tree. “He will be brought back to life and when he does he will be buried under the ground. I want you to save him when he is revived.”
“Just take him out now,” Baden reasoned. Surely this was the most logical thing to do?
“This cannot happen,” she snapped back without a reason why. And she would have done just that but Jiel had made it clear to her that she was not allowed to take Healey from the ground before he was brought back or there would be worse consequences than she had ever suffered in the past.
“How will I know when he is alive?” He was perplexed by what she was saying.
“I will tell you,” she said angrily. “And when I do you must save him…or Annie will die.”
“Why do you not save him yourself?” Baden didn’t understand anything she was saying.
“He must not know of me.” Her voice became sad on these words.
“Why? Do you not love him?” Baden thought she was a mess of poor logic and confusion, mixed with a bit of crazy.
“He will be given the life he was meant to have before I took it away.” It was such a selfless thing to say that Baden took a step back. “Unlike you, Baden, I can walk away from what I want.”
“What do you know of me?”
“I created you! You are selfish and you will corrupt Annie!” She screamed and he took a step towards her but she held her hand up and he stopped. “Do not waste your effort. We both know how this will end…in your death.”
“Why should I not be with Annie?” He foolishly asked.
“I have seen this story many times, girl loves boy and girl dies. You have proven that you are brutal and you do not care for humanity,” she explained as if she were doing a public declaration.
“I do not care for humanity?” He said pointing to himself before he jabbed his hand towards her. “Look who is talking!”
“And that is exactly why I hate you Baden! I hate you because you are me!” She shrieked.
That was it, he couldn’t take it anymore. He knew he wasn’t perfect but he never considered himself as low as he thought Taru was. He moved faster than he ever had before, using his arms crossed over his chest for more strength, he slammed against her, sending her skidding along the ground. Before she could come to a stop he ran and grabbed her by the hair, pulling her off the ground and hitting her face into the nearest tree.
And for the first time in her existence she felt severe pain from an attack by another snatcher. People had been trying to kill her since the dawn of her transformation but she had never felt anything like this before. She had heard of other snatchers feeling agonizing pain, feeling as if they could die from it. And even though she had felt physical pain before, when it was happening she could always feel that it would never be fatal. No one had ever been able to draw blood when they fought her because her body was too resilient, even when she had been stabbed through the heart by weaker beings she would heal too quickly. But his time it hurt. Rumors had spread that she didn’t even have blood or that it was black like her soul. All just fables spread by fearful yet mocking snatchers.
Baden threw her against the ground again and as he stalked up to her she felt something trickle down her face. She touched her mouth with her finger tips and when she looked at her hand she saw it was covered in blood. He froze when he saw it and they looked at each other in shock. He had hurt her, physically he had damaged her exterior like no one else could and that only meant one thing…he could kill her.

CHAPTER 23:

Everything went into overdrive as Taru started fighting back. Each blow she gave Baden met with another, except his hits seemed to be doing more damage than hers did.
She never had to fight for her life before and beyond the sudden feeling of adrenaline, she actually felt fear. She wasn’t sure if she could even win this fight. She, as everyone else had, assumed that because she was the first that automatically made her the strongest. She never expected that one of her own creations would become more than she was.
Baden went crashing through a huge tree from one of Taru’s hits, snapping it in two but he was back before she could move. He grabbed her arm and snapped it back the wrong way and her ear piercing scream echoed through the night. She fell to the ground and he broke her other arm, which was followed by another scream. She lay there in anguish trying to see clearly through the pain.
But Baden didn’t give her a moments rest. He grabbed the back of her hair and pulled her up so she was kneeling, arms lifeless beside her as she was momentarily incapacitated. Blood covered her face as she looked up into the face of the only snatcher on earth that could kill her. And she wanted it, she wanted death.
“Is that fear I smell on you?” He asked looking at her as if she was more creature than she was human.
“Do it!” She said through exhaustion. He blinked a few times as if to make sure he heard right. “Do it!” She screamed.
He stood there for a moment thinking.
He wasn’t going to make this quick for her. He was going to make it torturous beyond comprehension, a penalty for being the reason snatchers existed and for cursing them all to be animals like her. To make her pay for all the hideous things she had done to humanity. But as the thought crossed his mind he couldn’t ignore the fact that he too was worthy of death for the things he had done.
And he almost walked away.
But he couldn’t, if he did Annie would be in danger and he had to do what was necessary to protect her. So he decided to kill Taru.
He decided to snap her neck, make it quick and simple. If anyone else did this to her she wouldn’t die but because it was Baden it would kill her. He placed his hands on both sides of her face and was about twist, he was about to kill the legend of them all and it frightened him a little that he would become known for taking her life away.
As Baden stood there, distracted by his thoughts someone ran from the trees and collided with him. They went tumbling to the ground and Baden righted himself to find Micah stumbling over to Taru, kicking up leaves and dirt in his hurry. His loose shirt sat askew on his shoulder and his dark pants were stained from the impact on the ground.
“Micah?” Baden questioned, absolutely bereft of any other words.
Micah righted himself, standing tall in front of a kneeling and weak Taru. He gave her a quick glance over and realised what her injured state meant. When he came to the conclusion that Baden could kill the first ever soul snatcher, he knew he was as good as dead. Taking a protective stance in front of Taru he looked at Baden, trying to hide his fear.
After the initial surprise Baden slowly walked towards him, his figure menacing.
“Move, Micah,” Baden warned.
“I cannot,” Micah said hoping he didn’t sound too cowardly.
Suddenly Stewart came running through the trees and skidded to a stop abruptly when he had found everyone. Taru and Micah briefly glanced at the new addition to the growing crowd. He had followed Micah and he quickly assessed the situation. He was confused to see Micah standing in front of Taru but most of all he was utterly bewildered to see Taru scarcely hanging onto life. Realising that something beyond huge had been discovered he looked at Micah as if he was a madman.
“I think you might find it best to move,” Stewart advised looking over at Baden who hadn’t taken his eyes off Micah.
“I would,” Micah said watching Baden. “But you see…I cannot do that.”
“And what insane reason on earth could make you say that?” Stewart asked feeling something bad coming on.
“I think I love her…” Micah confessed.
Baden and Stewart both froze and looked at him more closely, trying to see if he was playing some kind of sick joke. They both glanced at each other quickly then back at Micah. He was actually being serious.
Before anyone could react they all heard Adam and Annie riding up on the horse. Baden looked at Stewart for an explanation, rage filling his eyes. 
“I did not know they followed!” Stewart clarified frantically not wanting to enrage him even more and putting more strain on the delicate situation they were all in.
Taru sat silently as she watched Annie approach with Adam. She may have been badly injured but she was also an extremely fast healer and, as everyone had been speaking, her arms had mended back into place. She waited for an opportune moment, when everyone was well enough distracted by Annie’s approach, and took the opportunity to flee. She was running not just from Baden but from Micah. He had said he loved her and she couldn’t just let him become vulnerable because of her.
Baden vaguely noticed that Taru had left but he was too distracted with Micah’s crazy confession and Annie’s unexpected appearance to go after her. It didn’t really matter because he could kill her later, he didn’t want to just leave Annie vulnerable.
“Why would you bring her out here?” Baden yelled at Adam as he walked over and took Annie off the horse. “For starters, it is freezing and she is wearing nothing but a simple dress. Let alone the serious danger she is in by being outside where anyone could get her!” Baden lectured and Annie just rolled her eyes.
“I told you that I would follow you,” Annie reminded, shoving his chest in frustration when she was standing on the ground.
The action looked so strange, a small, young woman getting away with doing that to him without consequence. Stewart half laughed at the sight but a harsh look from Baden shut him up quick smart.
“I came here to confront Taru!” Baden explained angrily. “Coming here could have gotten you killed.”
“Taru is here?” Annie asked looking around panicked. Why was everyone just standing around?
“No, she is gone,” Baden said looking accusingly at Micah.
“How did you know Baden would be where Taru was? Actually, how did you know where Taru would be?” Annie asked Micah. She felt as though she was missing something.
“A good guess…” He lied, swallowing hard and hoping he could just leave.
It was his sheer panic that Baden might try to kill Taru that drove him there. But he knew Taru would go to the small cottage sometimes and just sit under the willow tree. He would sit there and watch her from the trees. Taru always knew he was there but she never acknowledged it. She felt warmer with Micah close by but she never let him too close.
“Is she coming back?” Annie asked trying to hold her fear at bay.
“I doubt that,” Stewart commented to himself but they all heard.
“Why? We should be the ones fleeing right now,” Adam reasoned looking around to see if he could sense her. He took a step closer to the horse as if this would hide him well enough.
“I do not think she will be bothering us any longer,” Stewart said and Baden shot him a warning look. Stewart completely missed the look as he was watching Micah, waiting for the confession the others had missed earlier.
“Why?” Annie asked seeing the look on Baden’s face.
“Because Baden can kill Taru,” Stewart blurted out not thinking to hold it back. He didn’t even think that it was anything that should be hidden.
Annie and Adam’s head shot over to look at Baden in question and confusion.
“Thank you for that, Stewart,” he said through gritted teeth.
Stewart finally looked at him and realised he wasn’t meant to say anything. With a little quirk of his lip off to one side he looked apologetically at his friend.
“Baden, what is going on?” Annie asked pulling his attention back to her.
He looked down into her face and he couldn’t bear telling her that he was an unstoppable killer, even by the first. Maybe that would be the straw that broke the camel’s back? Maybe that would make him too terrible to love?
“Well…Micah loves Taru!” Baden announced, pointing to Micah to take the attention off himself. He didn’t even stop to think of the consequences it might create.
It seemed almost everyone was forgetting that there would be consequences to their actions that night.
“You what?!” Annie yelled, distracted as Baden had wanted. She stormed up to Micah and looked at him, begging him silently that it was not true.
“I…” Was the only word he could get out before Annie started.
“How could you love her, Micah? She has done so many horrible things and hurt so many people. She is disturbing and she killed Jory!” Annie screamed. “How could you?” Accusation and pain drenched her voice, so much so that you would think that Micah was the one who had actually done those things.
“I cannot help who I love and I thought you, of all people, could understand,” he defended himself.
Everyone there knew he implied her love for Baden and Stewart and Adam took a step back from the growing tension. They silently looked on wide-eyed at the situation unfolding in front of them.
Out of nowhere Annie slapped Micah across the face and even though it didn’t hurt his cheek, it hurt his heart.
And everyone was silent for a moment. An owl sounded off in the distance as they stood there. No one was game enough to move.
“Never,” Annie said through tears. “Ever, compare that creature to Baden!” She snarled.
She turned and went to the horse being sure not to look at anyone. Adam quickly shuffled out of the way as Baden came over and helped her into the saddle before jumping up with her. He maneuvered the reigns to circle the horse back around and rode away, leaving the three men there.
The silence their exit left was more than awkward as the three men stood there not knowing what to do.
Micah looked to Adam and Stewart and they just started at him, having no idea what to say. Adam and Stewart didn’t want to cut him out but they didn’t want to go against Annie’s feelings either. They looked at each other as if this would help them make up their mind but it didn’t help in the least.
Micah just nodded and made the decision they didn’t want to make for them, he walked away from their friendship.
His love had cost him the only people who had accepted him, faults and all. As he walked away he felt the loss deep in his soul and he remembered why he used to always keep a distance from everyone, so he wouldn’t get hurt.
He heard Adam and Stewart leave as he moved through the lonely darkness.
In the empty woods he didn’t hear Taru approach but he wasn’t surprised when she showed herself. He simply came to a stop and looked at her.
They stood silently watching each other, trying to read each other.
“You love me?” She asked quietly through tears.
She couldn’t help it, she couldn’t hold herself back from asking. Biting his lip to hold back his own tears he nodded his response.
“And you have lost everyone you care for because of me?” She asked and he just looked away from her.
She walked up to him and stood closely in front of him. He was taller than her, she liked that about him. He stood with his hands in his pockets trying not to love her. She was bad and he knew it but somehow he could look past that and still love her. Was he insane? Yes. Was he deranged? Definitely. But that didn’t stop him from loving her.
She placed her hands either side of his face and he watched her closely, surprised by the tenderness there as he blinked away his tears.
Slowly and carefully she stood on her tiptoes and kissed him.
It was sweet because this time they both cared and it was the loveliest thing either of them had ever done. What made it so sweet was that there were no secrets between them, they knew each other’s faults and they cared for each other regardless.
But when the little moment had lived its short life she pulled away before she wanted to and took her hands away from his face.
“I love you, Micah,” she whispered then she ran away.
Hands still in pockets he just nodded, knowing that he was never going to have her because she would never let him close enough to love her the way they both wanted.
Micah hung his head low and stood there feeling alone and empty. He had no one left and nowhere to go. So with a new sadness he walked slowly through the trees, wandering aimlessly. He wondered if he would ever feel right within himself again.

CHAPTER 24:

Baden took Annie into town a few days later to pick up some things she had ordered. The streets were overcrowded that day and he felt irritated by the stupid suit he had to wear to blend in with society. Whenever he forgot why he was dressed so ridiculously, and was tolerating uncouth people shoving past him, he would look at Annie and the anger would fall away. She looked exquisite in her sky blue dress and hair all tied back, with wisps of it gently falling onto her lovely neck. The image of her helped to calm him on such an uncomfortable, overcast day.
Annie may have been an adequate distraction for Baden but something else was distracting everyone lately. Yes, they were all stunned by Micah’s revelation but another was swiftly taking top place. Baden could kill the first snatcher…what did this mean? Did that mean he couldn’t be killed by Taru? Did that mean he was the ultimate snatcher? How could he be? A tracker turned snatcher couldn’t become superior without the intervention of something else…but what and why?
Adam and Stewart couldn’t get over it, they kept bringing it up and commenting on how incredible it was, especially Adam. Baden hated what they said and he would shut them up quickly if they ever tried to talk about it in front of Annie. The new information about himself didn’t make him feel good at all, it made him feel insecure and worried about how Annie felt about the news. The scenario was funny in a way, here you have this superfluously strong snatcher and he’s worried about a small, feeble woman’s opinion. In any case, he had tried to bring it up with her for the past few days but had veered off asking every time he tried, too afraid of her reaction.
Everyone was completely fazed and baffled by the revelation. That was everyone except for Annie. Nothing would change her love for Baden and she definitely wasn’t intimidated by him because of it.
“How do you feel about it?” Baden finally blurted out as he walked next to Annie on their way to the general store. He couldn’t take it any longer. He didn’t even consider the scene in front of all these people if she reacted badly, but Baden always had been the type to let his emotions get the better of him.
 “About what?” She wondered as she rummaged through her small leather bag to check for her coins.
“About…me…doing what I can do?” Baden stuttered and she looked up at him curiously, hand still stuffed in her bag as she walked.
“What you can do? What can you do?” She tried to say it with a straight face but she couldn’t help the smile that broke through.
Only half a smile reached his face and she stopped walking. He stopped alongside her, glancing around at the people moving past them. The crowd had to take an alternative route to their intended one because of their sudden stop.
“You know,” he whispered. His hands were in his pockets as if he were a child trying to hide something.
They were close to the store they were headed to so Baden motioned them over to stand off to the side so the pedestrians could make their way past them more easily. He kept his back to the throng of people as Annie leaned against the wall of the building and it gave them a small amount of privacy.
“Baden, I have no idea why you would think it would make a difference.” She shook her head in disbelief.
“But it might if you took the time to think about what it meant,” he suggested. He wanted her to have considered everything before she walked down the aisle and promised herself to him.
“And what does it mean?” She questioned a little agitated. “Everyone already knew that you were ridiculously dangerous so what has changed?” She reasoned. He looked around to ensure no one was listening.
“Well.” He stepped closer so his face was near to hers. “It means that I may be considered the most dangerous…period.”
“And?” She argued. “I already considered you that.”
She had meant it as a joke but the sadness that filled his eyes made her see that to him it wasn’t.
 “Baden, listen. Do not try and find another excuse to run away from me! I cannot have the same conversation with you for eternity. I will say this once more…” she paused, waiting for his full attention. As if she didn’t already have it. “I choose you. I choose you no matter what other circumstances surface. That is what love is, I choose to be with you regardless of…everything.”
It took a moment for Baden to respond but the wait was worth it. He stepped closer to her so she was backed even further against the wall of the store. He didn’t care who was watching, he bent his head to kiss to her.
“Baden Brighton!” A voice came from down the street and Baden closed his eyes in frustration when he heard it.
The voice belonged to an older, irritating man, named Gordon. The man was once an acquaintance of his fathers. Annie peered around Baden to see a short, fat, overly sweaty man coming their way.
“I will leave you to this,” she said as she pushed off the wall and headed into the general store.
“Annie,” Baden called to try and stop her. He didn’t want her going by herself but before he could follow her the old man grabbed his arm.
“Baden, it is so good to see you after so long,” Gordon said.
Baden calmed himself before he turned to face the man. He could see Annie through the window of the store, the only hindrance was the shelves. But to talk to the man Baden had to turn his back to the window, which added to his irritation.
“Good morning,” Baden greeted as politely as he could. He forced a smile as he peeled Gordon’s hand from his arm.
If this had happened before he met Annie he probably would have killed the man for touching him, but not now.
The little bell rang when Annie walked through the door. She went to the glass-walled counter of the store and an older gentleman came to serve her. He was neatly dressed in pants and vest, with white hair and a kind smile. There were few people in the store so she didn’t have to wait at all for his service.
“Hello, my name is Miss Belle and I was wondering if the…uh” She leaned forward and the clerk did the same. “The undergarments I ordered have come in?”
“Ah, let me check for you. Feel free to browse around the store whilst I go to the back to look,” he offered with a small smile.
Annie was grateful for his discretion and decided to look at the other things the store had to offer. She usually would have Antoinette make her clothes but she had been walking through the store one day and these were such ordinary, everyday undergarments that it felt unnecessary to have a seamstress waste her time on them. Of course she could never mention it to Antoinette.
As Annie was looking closely at a small, but lovely, jewelry box on a shelf near the back she didn’t hear the person step up to her.
“Good morning,” Jiel greeted.
“Oh!” Annie placed her hand to her heart to recover from being startled.
When she straightened and looked at the man she didn’t recognise him. She didn’t remember seeing his face when she had walked in and neither did she recall hearing the bell to announce when someone entered the store.
“Lovely item,” he commented on the box she had been looking at.
“Yes,” she answered not really concentrating. She looked at him trying to place why he felt familiar, or was it that he felt…odd.
He looked rather…foreign. He was dressed respectably enough in an expensive looking suit and his posture gave an air of superiority.
“Is there something I could help you with?” She asked. He looked down at her hand.
“I see you are getting married,” he remarked casually, ignoring her question.
She looked down at her ring then back at the stranger, subtly covering her hand and trying to mask her unease.
“Forgive me,” he apologised when he realised she felt uncomfortable. “My name is James,” he lied as he held out his hand, but she didn’t take it.
“And do you have a last name?” She asked. She had never been so rude to someone in her life but there was something about him that she didn’t like.
“Tenson, James Tenson,” he lied again.
“Well, Mr. Tenson, how may I help you?” She asked again.
“I was just curious as to where your betrothed found such a unique ring?” He studied her every reaction.
“He…designed it himself,” she answered proudly.
“That is incredible. He must be a creative man to design such a beautiful ring.” He baited her to talk about Baden.
“I think he just took particular care for the one he loves,” she said, not meaning to discredit Baden’s creativity, merely complimenting his unique love for her. She smiled as she touched the ring without realising.
“You do seem quite enamored. That is too bad really.” He sighed dramatically for effect.
“What are you talking about?” She was annoyed with this presumptuous stranger.
“I was thinking of a particular friend that would have so enjoyed meeting you.”
“Well, I do not want to meet him. In fact, it is completely inappropriate that you would imply it, Mr. Tenson,” she spluttered out her anger.
“My most sincere apologies, I will tell my friend Jory of your passionate love,” he said waiting to see how she reacted to the name.
“Jory?” She asked, stunned into distraction from her offense.
“Did I say Jory? I meant my friend named Jonathan,” he pretended to correct himself.
“You have a friend name Jory?”
“No, I mistook the name for one I heard in passing once. Why, do you know someone named Jory?” He questioned provocatively.
“Um…Yes. I mean no. I…once knew someone by that name,” she stammered.
“You seem upset, what is the matter?” He asked intent on weeding out her true feelings and by the look of it she still held a flame for Jory, though he was dead.
“No.” She started to lose her breath. This stranger was making her feel suffocated, or was it that he had reminded her of Jory? Either way she took a step back but he followed.
“You have feelings for him, I can see it,” he accused and he was becoming menacing rather than irritating.
“No,” she argued without sounding certain.
“Just because you love one does not mean you do not love the other,” Jiel offered her a way to confess.
“Miss,” the attendant spoke from behind them. She turned, trying to hide her strained look. “Your things are at the counter.”
“Thank you,” she said. The older man turned and started walking back to the counter.
Annie looked back to find that the man named James was now gone. Again she didn’t hear the bell of the door ring and she couldn’t spot him in the store. She ignored her confusion and was just glad the confronting man was gone. She paid for her goods as quickly as she could and on her way out the door she ran straight into Baden.
“Annie,” he said as he steadied her with his hands on her arms.
“Baden.” She breathed her relief into his name and leaned into his chest to give her a moment to catch her breath.
“What is it?” He asked worried. She pulled her head back and looked up at him.
“Nothing, where have you been?” She asked hiding her true unease.
His brow furrowed as he tried to understand, he could feel the stress radiating off her without even looking into her soul but she obviously didn’t want to talk about it.
“Gordon held me up. Are you sure there is nothing wrong?” He pushed. She assumed Gordon was the man who had called out to Baden.
“Yes, let us go home. All of a sudden I do not feel like being in town today.” She wanted to forget about what just happened and she pleaded silently with Baden to understand that.
“If there was something I needed to know you would tell me?” He trusted her judgment enough to know what was necessary for her to tell him.
“I promise,” she answered, relieved that he was going to let it drop. He kissed her forehead quickly in the flurry of the fast growing pedestrian traffic.
“I will take you home.” He slid his arm around her and it calmed her worries as she leaned into his body.
Jiel watched as Baden walked away with Annie by his side, studying them. And as they were homeward bound, they were studied for a purpose that would one day be revealed.
As they left, Baden’s instinct wouldn’t let him shake the feeling that he was being watched, so he quickly glanced over his shoulder. By the time he felt eyes on him, Jiel had already disappeared.

CHAPTER 25:
November 1805

One afternoon, soon after the incident with Jiel, Annie found herself exhausted from thinking of Jory. She fell into an uneasy sleep that found her no peace. When she woke, dusk was encroaching and she took a moment to gather her thoughts in a post-sleep haze. She changed into her training gear, annoyed at having a long skirt tangled around her legs whilst she slept. She sat looking at her boots deciding whether to put them on but she thought it would be useless so she just tied her hair back in a braid and went to wash the weariness off her face.
When she was done she walked around the manor looking for Baden and the others but only managed to find Adam sitting in the library quietly reading.
“Annie, you are awake. How was your sleep?” He asked, setting down the book he was reading.
“It was…” but all she could think was that she had dreamt of Jory so she ignored his question. “Where is Baden and Stewart?” She sat down on a reading chair whilst stretching the sleep from her body.
“Stewart wanted to test how fast he could run and found that my speed was no challenge,” Adam explained with a grimace. “So he entreated Baden to the cause.”
“Who won?” She asked thinking it sounded like fun.
“I am not sure, neither of them has returned.” He stood and returned his book to the shelf.
“How long ago did they leave?”
“Just a few moments but I surmise that they will run for a while. Stewart had been locked away for centuries and will take any chance he gets to break free.” Adam froze unexpectedly where he was and looked alarmed.
“What is it?” Annie asked as she anxiously leaned forward in her chair.
“I…” But he became distracted by whatever it was he was hearing, turning towards the direction of the noise.
“Adam!” She stood in panic. “Do you hear something?” Suddenly realising he hadn’t answered her, he spun around and finally acknowledged that she was there.
“I think I hear someone outside. Stay here and do not invite anyone in,” he instructed.
Her heart started racing as he disappeared out the door. What she didn’t realise was that he wasn’t racing to whoever it was he could hear, he was racing to get the only one who could help in this situation…Baden. But the question was; could he even make it?
Annie ran to the window and stared outside, trying to see Adam and whoever else might be out there. Nothing but silence and stillness prevailed and she started to wonder if that was any better than something happening. The sun was still in the sky but it was fading fast as she tried to peer through the shadows of the trees surrounding the manor.
“Annie…” She heard someone call from outside. The voice sounded familiar to Annie as her name was sung into a tune.
Just before she had time to recognise the voice, a silhouette stepped out of the trees into the dim light. It took a moment for Annie’s eyes to adjust but when they did she could faintly see a person. Their hair was wild and their dress torn and suddenly they came into clearer view.
Taru stopped after dragging the limp body of Adam along with her by the collar. He hadn’t made it. She threw his unconscious body face down on the ground and bent down, cupping her hand under his jaw. She pulled his neck so far back that Annie gasped.
Without a thought she ran as fast as she could to the front door, pulling it open but stopping on the threshold. If she stepped out, that was it, she would be vulnerable to Taru. But wasn’t she already because this lunatic had Adam?
“If you do not come out, Annie, he will die,” Taru warned. Her head tilted to one side abruptly in the strange way that she usually moved it. She gripped Adam’s lifeless face aggressively to show she was serious.
“No!” Annie screamed as she held back tears. Surely Baden and Stewart would be back any moment, then they could save Adam. “Do not hurt him,” she pleaded.
“I will spare his life if you come willingly,” Taru bargained.
“How do I know you will hold your part of the agreement?” Annie was trembling all over from fear as she considered what she was about to do.
If she didn’t step out, Taru would definitely kill Adam. But if she did step out, then there might be a chance that he would survive. She pushed away the thought of Baden, he would be livid that she was even contemplating doing this, even if it was to save Adam. But how could she not?
Taru grabbed Adam under one of his arms and dragged his body closer to the manor. On her way she picked up a rock and threw it, smashing the library window. Annie jumped from the surprise of it as the shards fell everywhere in a downpour of glass. Taru picked Adam up with one hand and dangled him over the cleared window. The action, though not intended to, showed her immense strength and made Annie feel even more helpless than she already did.
“Come out and I will drop him in, then I will not be able to take him again,” she reasoned. Since she had never been previously invited into the manor she could not just walk in. Obviously because she hadn’t just come in and taken Annie.
It was hard for Annie to see without sticking her head out of the doorway, which she was hesitant to do. Maybe if she stepped out, as soon as Taru dropped Adam, she could run back inside? Just in and out, that’s all it would take to ensure he lived.
Annie edged her way towards the threshold. When the trembling became too much, she clenched her fists at her side to try and steady herself. As she stood there, one step away from exposing herself, she inched her way closer. She tried to see around the door frame but all she could see was Taru, Adam was out of sight.
“I am coming out,” Annie yelled out. She tried to keep her voice from wavering but failed.
“Come now, Annie. We are old friends,” Taru jeered.
Annie stepped one side of her body out over the threshold and tried to keep one side in, she wasn’t sure how it worked but it was better than not trying anything.
“There, let him go,” Annie said, making sure she faced Taru.
Taru’s face turned into a malevolent smile as she held Adam in mid-air. Annie watched as she let go of Adam and he fell onto the broken glass left jutting out of the window then into the library on the broken shards.
Annie moved as quickly as she could to move back inside, and if it was only Taru there she might have made it back inside. But she was grabbed around the waist from behind. Whoever it was wasn’t rough and was careful not to hurt her. She screamed into the night but no one was there to hear her. Kicking and scratching the arms that had her, Annie watched as Taru walked over with her wicked grin. The person holding onto her covered her mouth and her screams became muffled.
“So nice to hold you again, Annie,” Oliver whispered into her ear from behind. She closed her eyes in defeat as she knew she wasn’t going to get away from him this time. Where was Baden and Stewart?
Oliver held her gently, as if they were lovers, but it was enough to restrain her. Her breath was heavy from her efforts to escape and his arm rose and fell across her stomach as she breathed.
“Take her back to the castle and lock her in with the other,” Taru instructed Oliver when she had walked over to them.
“Why with the other?” He protested, obviously unhappy with the idea. Taru had been looking at Annie but averted her gaze when he challenged her.
“Do as I say, Oliver,” she said through gritted teeth. “You know what will happen if you do not,” she warned. Annie was trying to piece together what they were saying but she was lost. With the ‘other’, was there someone else?
“Any other requests?” He asked sarcastically.
“Yes.” Taru looked back at Annie before she finished. “Change her and I will skin you alive.”
“You said she would be mine, which means I can do with her as I please,” he argued. He stroked his thumb along her waist, as if to comfort her but all it did was make her feel sick. They were discussing her like she was an object.
“I will not only skin you alive but I will make you eat it…then wait until your skin grows back and I will do it again,” Taru threatened. “Then I will peel every muscle away from your bones…”
“Fine,” Oliver growled. He didn’t seem at all daunted by her graphic description of his demise. “I will not change her…yet.”
“I will tell you when you can do anything!” Taru yelled and her voice echoed through the night. “Now leave before Baden returns. If he comes back, you have no hope of keeping her.”
Oliver tensed in anger from her words but decided not to stand there arguing all night. He started to leave but Taru grabbed Annie’s arm.
“Bring the horse here, I will hold her,” Taru instructed. He hesitantly let go of Annie and went to get the horse. “Take your time,” she yelled.
As he walked away Annie could faintly see that Oliver was wearing none other than his infamous black gear. His black cape undulated behind him as he strode away.
Annie felt sick to her stomach as she stood there staring at the person who had ruined part of her soul by taking Jory.
“You are pathetic,” Annie spat the words but Taru’s demeanor didn’t change.
“So brave for a measly human,” Taru said as if she thought her worthless but she didn’t really think that of Annie, in fact she thought Annie was one of the most admirable people she had ever come across.
“I do not want to die knowing you were not clear on how I felt about you,” Annie said. “You are nothing but a lonely thing that will never be truly loved. I do not know what Micah is thinking, but I can tell you now that he does not love you. You are not good enough for anyone, not even Oliver.”
“How touching,” Taru remarked derisively. Annie stepped closer, seeing no use in being frightened. If she was going to die, then she wasn’t going to give Taru the satisfaction of her fear.
“Baden will kill you as soon as he knows you have taken me.” Annie’s words were full of disgust towards Taru.
“That brings me to my point, dear Annie.” Taru hid her fear of Baden well as she spoke. “Breathe a word of your knowledge about Baden’s capabilities to Oliver, and you will stand no chance of seeing your precious loved ones again. And if that does not frighten you, know that I will kill everyone you hold dear if you tell.”
“Your days are numbered, Taru,” Annie warned.
“If only that were true,” Taru said almost sadly. And Annie thought she actually saw truth in Taru’s eyes from her words.
Oliver came up being conspicuously slow in his movements as he brought the horse over. Taru pushed Annie away from her as if she was repulsed by her closeness but the one she was repulsed with was herself.
Oliver helped Annie up onto the horse with the greatest of care, she sat straddling the horse and she was thankful she had changed into her training gear earlier, boots excluded. She just sat there helplessly and it made her feel sick. She was tired of being the pawn in everyone else’s plans and being frightened beyond her limits. She cloaked herself with a hardness that would help her withstand what she was about to go through, whatever that was.
Taru took hold of Oliver’s arm when Annie was on the horse and dragged him away, so Annie could not hear but was still in sight.
“Touch her in the way you desire and I will bring you to an end,” Taru whispered with all the loathing in her. Loathing of herself and what she had to do.
“I would never do anything Annie did not want me to do,” he said, pulling his arm away from her grasp.
“Do not fool yourself, Oliver. She will never want you.” Taru’s words angered him and if he knew he stood a chance, he would have tried to kill her.
“Good doing business with you, Taru,” he said emotionlessly and was on the horse before she could respond.
Oliver sat behind Annie and grabbed around her for the reins. He rested his arms against her, enjoying her closeness. He kicked the horse into motion smoothly and they were off. Soon they were out of sight and well on their way to the middle of nowhere.
Taru stood where she was for countless moments. She worked over in her mind the plan she had set in place and tried to see another way around it. But there wasn’t, she had to continue down the path that was in front of her, whether she liked it or not. As she stood contemplating, off in the distance she faintly heard Baden and Stewart on their way back from their outing. This was it, it was all in motion and she would soon be rapidly approaching the conclusion of centuries of planning. The question was, who would win?
She left before the men had gotten close enough to realise she was there. As long as she was quiet enough and Baden was distracted enough he wouldn’t notice that she was there, hopefully.
Annie ignored Oliver’s closeness and obvious eagerness to have her, as they rode through the cool night. The night was cold and the breeze blew relentlessly causing her to shiver. When he noticed she was shaking he removed his ominous cape and put it around her. Surprised but not frightened, she pulled the welcomed warmth closer to her. It was strange, his uniform of sorts caused a peculiar fear in her when he was wearing it in full but now she was using part of it to warm herself. The comfort of it now was the opposite of what it had been.
“Thank you,” she said. She was grateful for the kind act, regardless of who it was given by.
Oliver smiled at her lovely way. He leaned down and smelled her hair without her realising. He straightened up when she turned to him, suspicious of his silence.
“You need only ask if you require something,” he assured her. “I will provide you with everything you need.”
“I will need more clothes for starters,” she whispered sardonically.
“Already taken care of,” he said almost proudly.
It frightened her that he had done so much planning around her abduction. She pushed away the fear as best she could and hardened the wall she had already started to brace herself with. If she was going to make it through this she was going to have to become much braver than she already was, and quickly too.
She started planning how she could use the way Oliver felt for her to her advantage. So she used the time it took to arrive at his castle to scheme within herself. Maybe things weren’t as hopeless as she once thought?

CHAPTER 26:

Baden and Stewart arrived back at the manor later than they had expected. Their laughter turned into surprised silence when they approached the manor and saw that one of the front windows had been smashed.
“Annie,” Baden whispered then ran into the manor.
He searched every room but all of them came up empty. Finally he came to the library, where Stewart had already found Adam. Adam still lay there, unconscious from the force of Taru’s strength.
“Adam,” Stewart called to try and bring him back to consciousness. He lay there contorted, legs raised up on the window seat where he had fallen onto and his body drooping onto the floor.
Adam was badly cut from the glass so Stewart was gentle when he laid him out straight. Shards of glass were dug deep into Adam’s legs and torso. Blood was seeping through his clothes and he looked a mess.
“Annie is gone,” Baden said, horror drenching his voice. Stewart looked up at him from his crouched position next to Adam.
“What do you mean, gone?” Stewart asked as he began to carefully remove the glass from his friend’s body.
“She is not here!” He yelled. Stewart paused and looked around the room as if this would help him determine an answer.
Baden couldn’t take it. He had to know who had taken her. Who knew how long she had been gone for? Who knew what was happening to her as they spoke? With these frantic thoughts in mind he picked Adam up and sat him on the closest chair. Adam’s body was limp and battered as Baden tried to rouse him.
“What are you doing, Baden?” Stewart asked, worried he might do something irrational.
“Adam needs to wake up, he is the only one that knows who took Annie,” he explained. “Adam!” He yelled anxiously.
Baden grabbed Adam’s shirt and shook him vigorously. He was desperate. When his movements started to become more violent Stewart stepped in.
“Get me a pitcher of water,” Stewart said as he pushed Baden out of the way.
If Baden hadn’t been so troubled about Annie he probably wouldn’t have taken Stewarts instruction. But he raced away and appeared with a jug of water in a matter of seconds. Stewart took it and aimed it right at Adam’s face, splashing the contents all over him.
In a gasp of fear and disorientation Adam came to and lunged at Stewart, thinking he needed to defend himself. Baden grabbed him and pushed him back into his chair.
“Who took Annie?” Baden yelled, tightly clutching Adam’s sliced, blood-stained shirt. Adam looked around trying to recap what had happened.
“I…I was with Annie in the library…” he started. “She was sitting there.” He pointed to her seat. “When I was putting a book back on the shelf I thought I heard someone outside. I told her not to move and I ran out to find you to help. Then…”
“Then what?” Baden’s voice was beyond yelling now. He was so distressed he thought he might die from not knowing if she was still alive.
“I do not know. I think someone came at me from behind,” Adam explained. The pain was obvious in his voice. He blamed himself, he should have protected Annie and now all he had done was allow things to get beyond terrible.
“Why is the window smashed?” Stewart asked in his calm way. Adam looked over to the window, only just realising it was broken. He stood up and walked over to it, standing amongst the broken glass on the floor. It crunched beneath his feet, becoming the only noise filling the awful silence. He peered out into the darkness trying to recall what had happened. He hadn’t even realised how badly he was hurt.
“I have no clue,” he said sadly. “Whatever happened, it occurred when I was unconscious.”
The men stood around in a daze. Annie was gone, they didn’t know who had her or why, so they had nothing to go off to find her. There was a long list of people who not only knew of her but would like to use her to get back at Baden. Now she was missing because of him.
Baden picked up the nearest object, which was a rather hefty chair, and threw it across the room. It smashed into the shelves, bringing down a rain of books until it broke a few other pieces of furniture on its descent, coming to a tumultuous halt.
“What can we do?” Adam asked in a small voice.
“Maybe if you had not left the premises then we would have no need for this discussion,” Baden spat the words in rage.
“Micah,” Stewart said to try and diffuse Baden’s anger.
“What?” Baden asked, forgetting his fury towards Adam.
“I would wager that Taru is behind this and if so then Micah could help us find her,” Stewart brainstormed aloud. Baden started towards the smashed window. “Where are you going?”
“To Micah,” Baden answered before he leapt out the window and started running.
Stewart and Adam didn’t hesitate as they ran after him. Adam completely forgot that he still had glass lodged in his legs, all he could think was that he had to fix this. No matter what, he had to get Annie back.
They ran for what felt like forever to Baden but it wasn’t too far at all. He headed towards the parts of town where he deduced Micah would be and he began to feel him out, using his sense to try and pinpoint the familiar characteristics of his soul. Soon they came upon a stingy, old, rundown tavern off the beaten track.
“Why are we here?” Stewart wondered, looking around for some reference point that might help him place the establishment.
“This is one of the places Micah used to drown his misery,” Baden explained. “When I was first changed, he would try and bring me here so I could join him in his scheming. If anyone sought him out, he would be found her more often than not.”
Baden pushed through the rickety old door and the others followed him into the tavern. The small-town music from the few musicians in the corner was loud and the lights were dim, the place was crowded and smelled of sweat and alcohol. But amongst it all Baden could still sense Micah and his miserable self-loathing.
As Micah sat there, hunched over the bar staring into his whisky, he couldn’t think about anything else other than how he was completely alone in life. Not one soul left to care about him. Suddenly he was grabbed from behind and pulled off his uncomfortable stool.
“Good evening, Micah,” Baden’s menacing voice came to his ears.
Micah’s arms were held from behind and he was being maneuvered through the crowd of drunken men. Everyone ignored the commotion, not finding it worth the risk to defend a stranger, especially one that had the trouble of having to deal with someone who looked like Baden.
After Baden pushed Micah through the door they had just come in, he threw him to the ground. Micah skidded along the dirt to a painful stop. Covered in filth, he rolled over and gazed up at the stars through the canopy of the trees. Adam and Stewart followed Baden at his flanks as he approached Micah.
“Baden, how delightful to see you again,” Micah said sarcastically. He didn’t bother getting up, he knew Baden would just have him on the ground again.
Sure enough Baden had his foot firmly planted against his chest, so much so that he was close to breaking some of Micah’s ribs.
“Where is she?” Baden asked, only holding his anger just enough to try and get an answer.
“Who?” Micah asked breathlessly, looking genuinely confused.
“Annie.” Baden’s voice came out strained on her name but he composed himself quickly.
Micah lay there dumbfound by the question. Why on earth would he know where Annie was?
“She is missing?” Micah asked, looking to Adam and Stewart. They could all see that he seemed sincerely confused about all of it. Most of all Baden could feel it and it disheartened him.
“We think your little friend has taken her,” Baden said, referring to Taru. He was going to use Micah’s knowledge to his benefit.
Micah took a moment to think about why Taru would want to take Annie. She had been a help to Annie in the past, what motive would Taru have to take her? Suddenly he remembered the conversation he overheard between her and the one named Jiel.
“What is it?” Stewart asked, seeing realisation come into his face.
“I…I overheard a conversation between her and a man named, Jiel,” Micah recalled. “He was negotiating with Taru. They seemed to already have a deal in place, one that I could not be certain of. But he said that if she found another to love Annie then he would bring back a man named Healey.”
“Healey?” Baden repeated the name, remembering Taru’s request of him. Baden stepped off Micah as he tried to piece it all together.
Warily, Micah stood and brushed himself off. Not that the cleaning helped at all, his clothes were already dirty from days of wear. He had purposely worn black trousers and a black shirt so he wouldn’t have to worry about changing so often. He was too miserable for that.
“Do you know him?” Micah asked. Everyone just stared at Baden, waiting for an answer.
“I do not know him but Taru asked me to find him when he was brought back to life,” Baden explained pensively. “She implied that something would happen to Annie if I did not cooperate.”
“We should find Taru then,” Adam suggested, swallowing back his fear as best he could. Baden, Adam and Stewart all looked to Micah who stood there feeling like he was about to be roped into a scheme.
“It is time for you to redeem yourself, Micah,” Baden said with an intimidating grin.
“What did you have in mind?” Micah asked hesitantly.
“Come back to the manor, we will arrange the plan there,” is all Baden said before he started running.
“Why do I have the feeling this will not go well?” Micah asked under his breath but the others still heard.
“Because it never does,” Stewart commented as he slapped Micah on the back. Then they were all off running after Baden.

CHAPTER 27:

Micah walked through the night, Adam by his side. They had been searching for Taru for hours. The plan was for Micah to get information on Annie’s whereabouts from Taru but they needed someone to go with him because they didn’t trust him to go by himself. Baden couldn’t go because Taru would probably not be cooperative with him near and Baden was furious at Adam so it was best not to leave them alone together. This left Adam to accompany Micah, which was fine with him because he didn’t quite have the courage to face an angry Baden but he also wanted to do all that he could to save Annie.
“Where is she, Micah?” Adam groaned as they walked. He had removed all of the glass from his body and changed into clean clothes for their search. But even simple pants and trousers with a sensible walking shoe was still uncomfortable after hours of walking, for humans or snatchers.
“If I knew, we would be there by now!” Micah retorted, sick of his incessant complaining.
“Can you not just deduce where Annie is on your own? Maybe you are lying to us all and you have taken her?” Adam accused.
“Why would I have taken her?” Micah yelled. He stopped and turned to Adam in a flurry of anger and Adam came to a halt.
“You have been known to do this type of thing before!” Adam didn’t really think Micah had taken her but he was so worried he was hoping it was as easy as that. Micah’s heart sank as he faced the mistakes of his past once again.
“Well I have not taken her this time,” he assured. He hid the self-loathing from his voice.
“Adam,” a voice trilled through the darkness. The men froze as they looked at each other. They knew the person behind that disturbing voice.
Taru gamboled into view as if she didn’t have a care in the world. Micah and Adam stared at her, cautious of making any sudden movements.
“It is amazing how I could follow you both for hours without you even realising,” she commented as she rested her back against a tree.
Even though she seemed insane she always appeared with a different dress on than the last time they saw her, so she obviously had changed which was relatively normal. The crazy part of it was that every dress she wore was always torn and looked a hundred years old.
“Well, if Baden were here I am sure that he would have heard you,” Adam remarked harshly before he could stop himself. Her mutilation of him was all too fresh in his mind. She looked over to him sharply.
“Where is Baden, the old boy? Anyone would think he does not even care for Annie, considering he is not amongst her rescue party.” She was curious as to why he wasn’t there. She was starting to think she had been right about him the whole time.
“We just…” Adam began to speak but was cut off by Micah.
“He is doing other things to help the situation,” Micah said vaguely. Other things being that he was restraining himself from killing Taru.
Taru’s face changed when Micah spoke. Where her face had been cruel when she looked at Adam, it held a subtle softness that was almost undetectable when it came to Micah.
“So what are your efforts to be then?” She asked of them, pushing off the tree and meandering around.
She was trying to avoid having to look at Micah. Adam looked to Micah, thinking it would be best for him to speak but Micah was still looking at Taru and missed his prompt. But it didn’t take him long to talk.
“You need to tell us, Taru,” Micah said. She was so surprised when she heard his voice full of emotion that she looked at him. “If she is hurt then there will be nothing on earth that will stop Baden from killing you.” He was so pained at the thought of Taru dying that he had to hold back tears.
“And what if I said I did not have her?” She asked. Her plan was going well but Micah was making it hard for her.
“Do you know where she is?” Adam blurted out, sick of waiting. Taru and Micah turned to him, forgetting that he was even there.
“And what if I did?” She asked, grateful for the break in her concentration. “What will I get in return for my knowledge?”
“We will help Baden with his task of assisting Healey.” Adam offered the only thing he could think of.
Taru looked to Micah to see his reaction to Healey but he was straight faced. What exactly did he know of her first love? She wanted to explain herself but she couldn’t with Adam there.
“There will come a time when Healey will be brought back from the grave,” Taru started explaining. She kept her eyes on Micah. “I will tell you when the time comes but when it does, you must return to the house where Baden and Stewart were trapped. Healey is buried next to the willow tree and must be saved.”
“Then do we have a deal?” Adam asked feeling braver. Something awkward was going on between Micah and Taru and he just wanted this encounter over with. Finally she turned her attention to Adam.
“There is one other thing you must know,” she said harshly. “Healey is not to know that I still exist.”
“Yes, yes. Where is Annie?” Adam urged.
“Oliver has taken her,” she informed. She tried to hide the smile that was creeping up inside. Oliver was finally going to get what he deserved. “You remember where his castle is, do you not, Micah?” She asked and he simply nodded in response.
Micah remembered the castle Taru had taken him to before, when they had previously helped Annie escape. In all the fear and haste he had completely forgotten about the castle until now, not to mention the fact that Oliver apparently had multiple castles, but that would have been a good place to start if he hadn’t forgotten about it. The reason Baden didn’t know about this castle was because Oliver had procured it after their falling out.
“Thank you,” Adam said not really knowing why he said it. It was probably her fault in the first place that Oliver had her. “Let us go, Micah.”
“Micah will remain here for a moment,” Taru demanded. Adam looked torn between wanting to survive this encounter with Taru and wanting to flee. Baden would be furious if he came back without Micah, he was the only one who knew where Annie was.
“I promise I will return to the manor,” Micah said, looking at Adam meaningfully.
Seeing no use for it, Adam hesitantly left. There was no way he was going back to the manor without Micah, so he would go and wait for him to be done. He ran until he was far enough away that Taru could not detect him and also far enough away from the manor so Baden did not know he was there either. So Adam sat and he waited, wishing that he had not gotten Annie into this trouble in the first place.
Taru stood watching Micah for a moment. Neither knew what to say to the other. When the silence became too much, Micah spoke.
“Healey is set to return then?” He asked the pointless question. She nodded slowly. “And he is someone you love?” He swallowed hard having to say the words. Baden had told him what he knew of the story, which wasn’t much at all.
“He is someone that found the soul in me…” She paused and she could almost hear Micah’s heart breaking. He lowered his head as if to accept what he feared. “But I do not love him any longer,” she assured. She tried to determine within herself if that was a lie but she wasn’t sure. Micah looked up to see if he had heard her words correctly.
“Why is it so important that you save him then?”
“He lost his life because of me…” Her voice caught on the words. No one in all of existence had ever seen her like this and Micah new that, so he gave her time. “He deserves to get his chance at life. It is important to me that he is given that. It is as equally important that he does not know I am still alive.”
“I will ensure that he is safe…and that he gets his chance.” Micah’s words were an oath.
Taru wanted to say more but she couldn’t so she turned to leave. He refused to let her just walk away this time so he ran in front of her and took her hands in his. She didn’t leave, even though she could have gotten away from him easily. They stood there close, too frightened to breathe for fear it would bring their moment to an end.
“Please, stay with me,” he pleaded. She wasn’t looking at his face, she couldn’t bear to see the love there.
“There are reasons that I cannot stay and though it hurts you when I leave, the very reason I leave is for you,” she said, wishing that she could have him. He placed one of his hands under her chin and gently brought her gaze up to his.
“I do not care what is out there. Please, Mary.” He used her given name and it brought tears to her eyes. “Please stay with me.” And his loving kindness was the reason why she found it within herself to leave.
“I must go,” she whispered. But before she left she granted herself one selfish delight, a kiss.
She placed both hands on his face and pushed her body against his. Taken by surprise, he quickly recovered and grabbed hold of her with all his might. And between them they were caught in a lover’s passionate embrace as they ignored the impending goodbye that would break both their souls.
Taru pulled away before she wanted to and looked up at the one she knew she could give her heart to but wouldn’t for his sake.
“Goodbye, Micah,” she whispered. Then she was gone.
Micah stood there, arms empty of the only one that felt right to fill them. Within himself he refused to let that be goodbye. They would be together, he would make it happen. But right now he had to focus on saving Annie.
Gathering his thoughts he ran towards the manor, it was time to get this plan under way.

CHAPTER 28:

Annie and Oliver finally arrived at the castle. She didn’t remember the ride being so long the last time she was taken there, she was quite sure it was longer because the sun was in the sky. He helped her off the horse and kept his arm around her as they started walking.
She couldn’t really remember the outside look of the castle from the last time but she hated the look of her new prison. She did notice it seemed to be busier than last time but they were still all dressed in their uniform. One had taken the horse from them and another opened the large wooden door for them to enter the castle.
Annie was surprised when she saw that the entire inside space was empty. She recalled that the castle had been crowded the last time, this time she was hard pressed to spot anyone else. And she also found it difficult to recall the layout of the castle, she wasn’t sure but there was something strange about the castle this time and it started to frighten her.
They walked up a narrow, spiral staircase and come to a small landing that housed three wooden doors. One sat to her right and left then another directly in front of her.
“Now I will let you get settled into your new home,” Oliver said as they stopped in front of the middle door. The whole castle felt eerie, she wasn’t sure if it was because it was like stepping into the past or the emptiness of the space but she didn’t really want to be alone.
“How thoughtful of you,” she said sarcastically as he opened the door for her. She took a step in and he followed behind her.
“There are gowns in the chest at the end of the bed, I will fetch you for dinner in a little while,” he said with a smile. Annie looked around the room, nodding to show she heard him. “You will enjoy it here.” She looked at him and saw that he genuinely believed that she would.
He closed the door as he left and she heard the lock clasp the door, making this room her prison cell. She folded her arms across her chest and closed her eyes trying to calm herself. There were no windows in the spacious room but there were plenty of other things, such as a large wooden chest, extravagantly carved and incredibly old. This sat at the foot of a massively overstuffed bed with dark wooden spires that rose almost to the roof. A sheer lace curtain covered the canopy and perfectly white, lacy linen dressed the blanket and pillows. Lovely, small wooden tables sat next to each side of the bed with candles. An unadorned mirror and dresser sat in one corner as if quietly knowing its place as something merely practical. An enormous glass chandelier with new candles in it hung from the center of the large room. The floor was covered with a royal blue rug lined with gold details. Right near the roaring fireplace stood a small bookshelf filled with books and the most comfortable looking reading chair near it. And over in another corner sat a small writing desk, chair and writing supplies.
The whole room was so Oliver, the decor reflected the era he had been born into and he obviously wanted to retain his heritage. And as much as she hated to admit it, the room looked rather elegant and if she wasn’t being held captive she would rather like to stay there.
Once the crazy thought popped into her mind she pushed it away immediately and distracted herself with other things such as her bare feet. The whole room was warm from the fire but her feet were cold against the stone of the floor so she stepped onto the rug that covered most of the floor itself. She started to get nervous looking at the bed. Was he going to be in there with her at night? She looked around trying to find something comforting and realised there was another door, on the opposite wall to the bed.
Annie looked back at the one that Oliver had locked then at the other. Could it be a way out? Surely he would have thought of everything. Maybe it was a trap, to test her?
There was only one way to find out.
Lowering her hands beside her, she slowly moved towards the mysterious door. It felt like her heart was beating so loudly she was afraid that someone would hear it, so she tried to steady it with her breathing. As she reached the door she leaned her ear against it to try and hear on the other side. Everything sounded quiet. She decided the hinges must be on the other side because they weren’t on her side of the door so she would have to pull it. Taking one last look around the room, she grasped the metal ring handle and pulled.
The wood stuck against the stone so she pulled harder. It budged a little but it was still stuck. No one had come to check on her after the loud sound of the door creaking and this encouraged her. She gripped the handle with both hands and placed a foot against the wall as leverage. She pulled as hard as she could but it felt impossibly stuck. She stood close to the door staring at it, trying to figure out a way to get it open when suddenly it flung open as if it was pushed from the other side. She stumbled back, falling hard against the floor. She frantically brushed the loose strands of hair away from her face to make sure she could see properly.
Annie looked up to find the doorway filled with a man’s build but she didn’t feel frightened. Nathaniel stood there, and they both stared at each other in complete astonishment from what they found.
“Annie?” He said, confused to find her. He rushed over and took her hand, helping her off the floor. “What on earth are you doing here?”
“What am I doing here? What are you doing here?” She countered, brushing herself off as she stood.
“I have been here for what feels like weeks! How long have you been here?” He asked.
“I have just arrived. Why are you here? What is going on?” She wondered as she ran through the door to the other room.
There was just another room similar to hers, though the design in his room was more humble than hers with a smaller but still luxurious bed. There were wooden draws and a small bookshelf with minimal books and one reading chair in the corner. Quite a small fireplace that was lit but again there were no windows. The obvious care and attention that had been taken in her room design had not been considered in this one. Nathaniel followed her into his room and they both stood, confused at the new situation.
“After I delivered that parcel to you, that Mary woman struck me and I woke up here,” he explained.
“The parcel?” She repeated in disbelief. “You have been here since then?” She recalled Taru and Oliver’s conversation about putting her with the other, Nathaniel must have been who they were talking about. “Mary brought you here?”
“Do you know her?” He asked but she didn’t answer his question.
“Have you met Oliver? What have they done to you?” She asked frantically, looking him over to check he was okay.
“I have not been introduced to anyone. I have been brought food and taken to bathe and relieve myself. It is like I am a pet of sorts.” He sounded confused about it all.
Annie walked back into her room and looked around. She tried to piece it all together. Why would they want Nathaniel? He came back in and sat on the bed watching her.
“Have you been hurt?” He asked so suddenly that it snapped her out of her thoughts.
“No,” she answered in a daze.
“Annie, what is going on?” She came and sat down next to him on the bed.
She felt guilty because there was something inside of her that was relieved that she didn’t have to be alone in all of this. But mostly she felt guilty because she knew that there was no coincidence that he was there, there was something going on and it felt like her fault that this was happening. An innocent person she used to attend school with, a childhood friend was mixed up in all of it. Now his life was caught up in the danger she was becoming accustomed to.
“I think it is best if I tell you everything,” she finally said. And she did just that.
She told him everything she knew of snatchers, from the moment she first met Eli in the markets, then when she was helped by Baden in the graveyard right up until they discovered each other just now.
After Annie’s explanation, Nathaniel sat there frozen in disbelief. He didn’t want to believe her, why should he? He stood up off the bed and walked around the room.
“I think the stress has gotten to you, Annie,” he rambled. “I think you are being rather delusional.”
“Nathaniel,” she said his name indignantly as she stood. “What reason would I have to concoct such a tale?” He looked at her wanting it not to be true.
“If what you say is in fact true, then we have no hope in the situation.” He expressed his concern that was rapidly turning to fear.
He was never usually one to be afraid, he was rather courageous in most circumstances, far more brave than the average man. But he knew that, when you’re beat you’re beat. He just didn’t want to face it. At that moment he took the time and looked around the room, properly taking it all in.
“Your room is so much nicer than mine,” he commented. It was such a regular comment that it made them laugh in spite of their situation.
Soon their laughter subsided and they both stood there, knowing the truth they had to face. They had no way out of it. Giving in, they sat next to each other on the bed, shoulders slumped and souls downcast.
“I think I rather feel like when I was a child and Mr. Whit gave me the cane across my knuckles,” Nathaniel joked and managed to get a laugh out of Annie.
“I felt quite sorry for you that day,” Annie confessed as her laughter drifted away.
“I felt quite sorry for myself.” His comment stole another laugh from her and it made her think of an idea.
She sat there for a moment thinking how unafraid she felt in such a frightening situation and all she could reduce it to was her laughter, it was making her feel…safer. Then she came upon an idea.
“Nathaniel, instead of us fretting during, what could be our last days on earth, let us forget our troubles. What do you say?” She asked trying to feel excited. She stood as if this would make her genuinely enthusiastic.
“Well, impending doom aside, I think that is a splendid idea,” he agreed. He stood to try and gain her outward eagerness. “What did you have in mind?” She looked around realising that there wasn’t much they could do.
“Oh, bother it all to nowhere. I cannot think of anything!” She groaned, falling onto the bed in defeat. Nathaniel couldn’t help but let out a small laugh at how quickly she gave up as he dropped on the bed beside her. They laid, splayed across the bed like two chums at a sleepover.
“Annie, surely we can think of something to do,” He reasoned.
The books in his room came to mind but there were hardly any and they weren’t even that great. They could search through her new book collection but they might have to save them for when they were truly desperate for something to do, goodness knows how long they would be in there for. He decided it would be best to choose other things and have the books for a fall back.
“Let us play a game from our school days,” he suggested. She grabbed a pillow and hugged it as she rolled over and looked at her friend.
“There is nothing we can play indoors.” She was starting to feel like it was all a lost cause.
“What about ‘I spy’?” He asked.
“That is boring,” she griped like a child, which made him laugh all the more.
She liked being around someone who was just like her, someone human. And even more, she liked that he reminded her of her childhood, before her mother had become sick and her father left. Before her whole life fell apart and she could have unburdened fun. She easily fell back into the little girl she once was.
“Well then what can we play?” He wanted to pull her out of her sour mood.
“Listen to us, we sound as if we have no worries in the world.” She found this funny, though that was exactly what they were trying to do.
“Do you know what I miss,” Nathaniel said whimsically. “I miss reading poetry under the tree in the meadow.” He thought back to the afternoons when he would finish work early and go to read in the pasture before heading home.
“Who are your favorite poets?” Annie wondered, feeling elated that she had found another poetry enthusiast.
“I do not have a particular favorite but there are some who stand out more than others,” he said. “Like Wordsworth.”
“Wordsworth is quite current but what about Shakespeare?” Annie asked, thinking this would be the obvious choice.
“He is quite renowned…” He hesitated before he went on. “I find most of his works to be so…miserable.”
“I can see what you are saying. Some people consider it quite respectable that the themes he wrote about are still so relevant.” She was repeating what others had said opposed to speaking her own opinion on the subject. In truth she had never been that interested in Shakespeare.
“I think that fills me with dread!” He exclaimed.
“Why?” She found his conversation fascinating.
“Well, I think that the man wrote human nature as he saw it. With that in mind it seems that if we are relating our current lives to those of his era then we have not far progressed, have we,” Nathaniel said passionately. “I feel rather perplexed that we as humans cannot learn from the mistakes of our forefathers.” He stood as he spoke. “Should not our poems and plays and writings capture a whole new theme as time unravels? Or are we bound by the human nature we so willingly entrap ourselves in?” Annie sat up on the bed to watch him. He was like an orator, capturing the attention of a crowd of people.
“Would it be reasonable to say that we are rather industrious but as far as our human errors, we have not advanced quite so far?” Annie asked to spur him on.
“That would be rather fair to say, indeed,” he agreed. “If we look back at the ‘great writers’ throughout time what do we see? Essentially the same subjects recurring. The men who are well known for their creative minds are the ones who can concentrate on the core of our failings and motivations. I think it would be safe to wager that in years to come; plays, music, books…they will still have many of the same themes. I find it all disheartening,” he mused. In a breathless huff he threw himself on the bed as if exasperated.
“I must say, I think I might quite agree with you, Nathaniel,” Annie commented. “Do you write yourself?” She was so excited that they could express their opinions on the subject. Obviously they were just that, opinions, and opinions are thoughts and not facts but still, it was delightful to do so.
“I dabble,” he answered with a cheeky smile. This made her laugh.
“I write poetry,” she admitted. “It is rather lovely to find another so passionate about the subject in general.”
“Yes, it is,” he agreed. He stared for a moment at her exquisite face until he realised he was being rude.
“May I ask what you write about?” She asked to try and distract him from the tension she was beginning to pick up on.
“Love, hate, betrayal, death…” he said wryly. “After all, what else is there to muse on?”
The irony of his comment brought them both to laughter. And their childhood friendship was rekindled in a flash.

CHAPTER 29:

During a relentlessly cold night Baden, Micah, Adam and Stewart all ran towards Oliver’s castle. Baden was frustrated because he wasn’t running at his full speed because he had to follow Micah. They were all uniformed in nothing but black clothes to help them blend in with the night as much as possible.
“Are we almost there?” Baden yelled as they ran but suddenly he could feel a large group of snatchers in the distance, which meant that they were probably still a fair few miles away. When he was concentrating and extending his abilities as far as they could go he could sense things at an incredible distance. Baden immediately abandoned the others and ran as fast as he could.
“What is he doing?” Adam asked the others as they continued to run at their slower pace.
“I am deducing he can already feel where we are headed,” Stewart guessed.
“How far away are we, Micah?” Adam called from behind.
“Still at least a fifteen minute run for us, if not more,” Micah answered. “Considering I cannot see Baden I estimate that he will be there in a minute or so.”
An awed silence fell over the group as they, once again, received a glimpse of what Baden was capable of.
Stewart smiled to himself as he thought back to all the runs he had went on with Baden. He knew Baden hadn’t been running at his top speed, even when he had assured Stewart he gave it his best.
“Should we hurry?” Adam wondered feeling a little concerned.
“I doubt Baden will need any assistance,” Stewart surmised and he couldn’t have been more right.
Baden slowed when he saw the castle and ran around the perimeter at an undetectable distance. From what he could feel there were at least thirty snatchers in there. He couldn’t feel Oliver or Annie but he pushed out the fear that was creeping in. He considered that she might be hidden away and surrounded by snatchers to mask her from others.
Baden didn’t have time to wait for the others so he went ahead with the plan. He brazenly approached the snatcher standing at the sealed entrance. At first the unsuspecting snatcher looked shocked then angered.
“What do we have here?” The young snatcher taunted as he readied himself for a fight. He was wearing Oliver’s ridiculous uniform and it irritated Baden.
His bravado remained as Baden approached until he saw Baden’s face and felt the power radiating off him. The snatcher stumbled back a little but tried to maintain a false defensive stance. Baden couldn’t be bothered with niceties so he grabbed the snatcher around the neck with one hand and drove him into the castle wall. Some of the stones cracked from the force of the impact and the snatcher whined slightly.
“I have never been one for pleasantries,” Baden growled into the terrified snatchers ear. “Where is she?” He asked.
“Who?” The snatcher choked out. That was the wrong answer so Baden pulled him off the wall and slammed him against it, cracking the side of the castle further.
“Forgive me, I forgot to introduce myself. You may have heard of me, my name is Baden Brighton. Does that ring a bell?” He asked as if he wasn’t about to take the life of this snatcher. The snatcher nodded frantically to appease Baden’s anger. “So I think you can appreciate the need for urgency and accuracy with your answers?” Again the frantic nod. “Where is she?”
“The girl named, Annie?” He asked breathlessly.
“Yes,” he said through gritted teeth.
“Only Oliver knows. He would never tell her whereabouts to any of us,” he answered panicked.
“How unfortunate for you,” Baden said.
Before the comment could register in the snatcher’s mind, Baden tightened his hand and violently snapped his neck with just one hand. He fell to the ground, lifeless from Baden’s strength.
Without missing a beat Baden broken the chain that was holding the door closed and ran into the castle where he immediately came upon ten snatchers mulling around inside. All were dressed immaculately in their uniforms as they stood there dumbfound upon his entrance. Obviously they weren’t paying attention or they would have noticed the commotion outside.
“Who here can tell me where Annie is,” Baden asked loudly, presuming that they all knew who he was talking about. Everyone did know who he was talking about but no one was forthcoming. Baden’s hand twitched irascibly by his side which helped force one snatcher into confession.
“There is only one who may possibly know where she is and he is swiftly returning as we speak,” he informed.
“So no other in this castle knows her whereabouts?” He clarified. The snatcher shook his head and Baden could feel his truth. “It is probably for the best then, at least I will not torture any of you.”
They realised the meaning behind his words and knew that all they could do was attack him at once. Without a command they charged towards him. But even if they managed to pin him down, what were they going to do after that? So, without any real end purpose they attacked in the way they had been trained. It would have been a good effort if they were up against any other snatcher, anyone except for Baden. 
The first was easily dispatched by Baden. A quick snap of the neck and he was down. Then two came at him, which was also fine because he had two hands.
One, snap. Two, snap. Done.
The others in the castle heard the commotion and ran to help, making it Baden against the entire castle. Soon enough one snatcher was on his back as Baden fended off the coming onslaught of the others. He blocked their blows as best he could but he didn’t have a million arms so he still copped a few hard hits that broke some of his ribs and one of his arms. The snatchers were becoming increasingly violent and frantic. He was really getting pissed now.
Having to fight with parts of his body broken hurt but it didn’t to slow him. After he threw a snatcher off his back against the floor hard enough to kill him, he kicked another away from behind then pulled his neck back to break it. When that one had curled into a heap on the floor another came at him. Baden pulled him closer by the arm, breaking it as he did, then pushed his head violently forward and snapped his neck.
In the blink of an eye he had another in a headlock and was about to finish him when one jumped on his back and pulled him backwards. He lost his grip on the one he had hold of but used the one behind him as a brace to lean on as he kicked another approaching. He pulled the one behind him over his shoulder and threw him onto the other he just kicked to the ground, using his feet to break both of their necks.
Any snatcher Baden could get his hands on easily he killed quickly, just a flick of the wrist and he would snap their neck like it was nothing. He had learned how to effectively eliminate a target early on in his snatcher life. As the fight went on, one or two would get a hit in here or there but most of the hits didn’t even leave a mark because the other snatchers were tiring. One snatcher managed to hit him in the face but he didn’t live long enough to see if he did any damage…which he didn’t.
Even though the attacking snatchers knew it was a losing battle they were facing, they still kept coming at him. A few decided to run, seeing no use in dying for Oliver.
Soon enough Baden was down to the last few snatchers who he dispatched quickly. With a pile of dead, rotting snatchers beneath him and a quickly healing ribcage, a snatcher walked into the castle. Seeing the carnage before him he turned to leave but was confronted with Adam, Stewart and Micah making their way into the castle. Not that Baden would have let him get away anyway. The boys took in the scene and had to cover their shock.
Baden looked like a wild animal with his torn clothes and glassy, enraged eyes. They knew him well but still they felt uneasy. 
“Nice of you to join me,” Baden remarked to the others sarcastically as he grabbed the snatcher who had just joined them. “And you must be the one I have been waiting for,” Baden said to the snatcher in his grasp.
“And why have you been waiting for me?” The snatcher asked. He was afraid but to his credit he didn’t outwardly show it.
“You are going to tell me where Annie is.” Baden answered. The snatcher let out a pathetic excuse for a laugh. “Is it the fact that you are going to die that you find so funny or is it that I will make it a painfully slow death that amuses you?”
“What makes you think that Oliver would tell any of us where he has hidden her?” The snatcher sneered. “This is but one of his many, many castles and some of their locations are only known by him.” This snatcher was at a higher rank than the others, which is why they would have thought he might know her location but not even he was told where she was.
Feeling the truth in his words Baden felt momentarily defeated, that is until the anger boiled over and consumed him. Kicking the snatcher’s feet from under him Baden pushed down hard on his chest as he fell backwards, so when he hit the ground it broke his sternum and a few ribs. The snatcher screamed breathlessly in pain but this didn’t bother Baden. He stood, placed his foot on the snatcher’s chest and grabbed both his hands. He pulled with his hands and pushed with his foot so the snatchers broken ribs punctured his own heart and lungs. Aiming his foot lower, Baden broke the snatcher’s spine so as not to kill him but to inflict pain, and finally leaned over to face the snatcher.
“No room for laughing now, is there?” Baden taunted. “I would rip your heart from your chest but it would make me sick to have your blood touch me. So I will let you do it.”
Baden grabbed one of the snatcher’s hands and used it to thrust it into his own chest. The snatcher would have screamed, except his lungs were too damaged to expel any air. Baden saw the life leaving the snatcher so he dealt the lethal blow.
The lifeless soundlessly soaked the air as the three men watched in silent horror as the most terrifying snatcher ever known displayed his reputation. They understood why Baden had done it but it didn’t stop the sick feeling they all had from watching something so horrific.
Baden turned to find his companions white faced in the wake of his ruthlessness.
“Feeling better?” Stewart asked trying to keep his composure. Of the three, he was the least afraid of Baden.
“Not in the slightest,” he said before he left the castle and started running back to the manor.
“I do not understand how his hands are fatal?” Adam commented as he gawked at the death toll right in front of his eyes. The bodies stank of wretchedness and decay. “If any other snatcher did that to another…” He pointed to the mutilated snatchers on the ground. “They would be able to mend. But why not when Baden inflicts it?”
“You are an imbecile,” Micah said before he turned and headed after Baden. Adam looked offended by his words.
“Everyone is rather on edge, Adam. Do not take what anyone says to heart at the minute,” Stewart advised. “Come now, it seems that we are back to the drawing board.”
With that they left, one step backwards from where they were before.

CHAPTER 30:
JANUARY 1806

Days passed and took them all into the new year that had been so close at hand. Annie hadn’t even realised it had lapsed. Oliver had interacted with her as if they were courting and it made him come across as utterly deranged. He would have dinner with her, go on walks through the forest with her, horse rides and so on. Never leaving her side once, until he took her to her room. Annie was relieved that he never went in with her. Though he locked her in, it was still better than the door being unlocked with him in there with her.
She and Nathaniel were very careful not to be seen together, so if they ever heard the door opening or someone coming, he would rush back to his room and they would act as if they never even knew the other was there. Who knew if anyone really heard them, they may have, but no one seemed to care. Or at least, they didn’t say anything about it.
Nights were the most fun for Annie and Nathaniel because they had time together when they knew they weren’t going to be interrupted. Whenever Annie became sad thinking of Baden or distressed because of their predicament, Nathaniel would be there to comfort her.
It was all rather a strange experience because on one hand, Annie was enjoying the time with Nathaniel but on the other hand they were actually prisoners.
One night, when Annie and Nathaniel were spending time together, there was a knock at the door. Both of them were in their full night clothes (which covered them head to toe so they didn’t see it as indecent at all) to be able to play the part if someone caught them. Annie was all tucked in bed so all Nathaniel had to do was run to his room, which he took no time to do and quietly closed the door behind him.
“Come in,” Annie called and Oliver unlocked the door, coming in with a smile. “Oliver,” she said warily. “What is wrong?” She pulled the covers higher to her chin feeling vulnerable with him there.
He was all dressed up in his finest clothes and wore his strong tunic and cape proudly. Though she was becoming used to seeing the overwhelming black it still made her wary of him.
“Nothing,” he answered casually. “Would you like to go for a walk?” He seemed nervous and though she probably could have said no to him there was part of her that felt sorry for him. Even though he was her abductor he still treated her kindly enough and she was beginning to be able to read him.
“That sounds…yes. Why not?” She accepted, not really knowing why. Part of the reason was because she wanted to keep him as far away from Nathaniel as much as possible.
“You may want to put a coat on, it is quite chilly,” he advised as he laid a beautiful jacket on the bed and left the room to allow her some privacy.
She quickly dressed in a long sleeve, ivory dress trimmed with lace and a high neckline but she thought it best to take his advice anyway. She slid on her shoes and buttoned on the navy blue jacket that he had left for her. It had gold cuffs and trims, falling to the length of her dress and as she inspected it she thought how exquisite it was…in fact she thought she actually recognised the handiwork in the detail.
Upon closer inspection she came to the conclusion that, like the jacket she had just put on, all of the clothes he had given her had been made in Antoinette’s shop. She would recognise the high level of craft anywhere. The thought of poor little Antoinette innocently serving such a dangerous snatcher made Annie upset but she tried to push away the thought as best she could.
As quickly as she could she bustled her curls atop her head, choosing to use the high collar of the coat to cover her neck for warmth.
Annie nervously left the room, closing the door behind her. What she didn’t know was that Oliver was waiting right outside the door for her and it startled her when she realised he was so close. She managed to recover quickly but tried to keep her distance from him. He held out his arm for her to take and she hesitantly took it.
“Any particular reason we are going for a walk at such a late hour?” She asked thinking mostly frightening things lurked in the nighttime. Oddly enough, her one comfort was that she had one of those frightening things by her side.
“I just thought it would be nice on such a clear night,” he answered fancifully. He seemed rather happy with himself, or rather happy with the situation of having Annie.
They walked together down the narrow staircase and through the ominously empty castle to outside where the breeze was cold as it hit their face. She was glad that Oliver had suggested putting a coat on.
He led her around the side of the castle and they headed into the trees. She could hardly see even though the moon was full. Unsettling noises of things scurrying through the leaves and dirt close by made their way through the night air. Unthinkingly she moved closer into Oliver’s side for comfort and it made him smile.
Before Annie could start to feel completely frightened they came upon a white blanket, surrounded with numerous candles. It was set up under part of the forest where there was a break in the canopy, so they could see the stars. Annie let out a breath of amazement as she looked at the lovely surprise. The enchanting sight helped to push away the lingering fear.
“Come, sit down,” he said quietly, not wanting to break the mood.
They sat on the perfect, white blanket that was bathed in the glow of the candles. Annie looked up to the stars, the black night sky was cloaked with an endless sea of shimmering stars and it was beautiful.
“I do not expect you to be in love with me,” Oliver said and she looked to him abruptly. She had forgotten that he was even there. “But just let us be close and we can see what happens.”
She had no idea what was going through this man’s mind. What would possess him to think that she would give up Baden for him? Telling him her thoughts would just anger him so she kept her musings to herself.
With a satisfied face Oliver laid down on the blanket gazing up at the stars, hands behind his head for support. He looked handsome and peaceful in that moment. He looked to her and the softness in his eyes didn’t make her feel wary. He had more than proven that he would treat her with respect, surprisingly enough. However, she still decided to remain sitting.
“I think you and I could be friends,” she commented and she really meant it. As long as he dropped the delusional behavior.
“Is that so?” He asked looking pleased.
“Tell me, do you miss her?” She asked about the love he had lost. She wanted him to let his guard down so she could possibly use it to her advantage. Oliver’s face became strained and he looked away so she couldn’t see him.
“That is something I do not care to talk about,” he said.
Annie looked away trying to think about what else she could ask. When she looked back he was watching her again and it made her feel exposed.
“Why would you lower yourself to someone like Baden?” He asked and the question made Annie angry. She was sick of everyone thinking that they even knew Baden, let alone had the right to speak about him that way.
“Well, that is something I do not care to talk about,” she answered bluntly, using his own words against him. He propped himself up on his arm to look at her better.
“Annie, I did not ask that to offend you. I am truly curious what you see in him.” Oliver honestly just wanted to know.
“There are many things about him that you do not know,” she said.
“Such as…?” He wasn’t going to let her get away with it that easy. She took a moment to think of her answer.
“I know there are many things that Baden has done that seem unforgiveable,” she started, looking off into the trees. “But he is just like us. He reacted out of hurt, albeit his reactions were extreme, but now he is different. He cares for me and loves me. But I think what I admire most about him is that he can admit when he has done wrong and he is not afraid to change what he is.”
“But that could be anyone,” Oliver argued. “Anyone could change. What is it about Baden?” He was obviously unconvinced by her reason.
“I could go on and on about different things, such as the way he makes me feel or the way he does certain things but all of that is only valid in my eyes. I cannot give a reason to you that would be acceptable because you will always see him through your eyes. But I choose Baden because I do. All the rest of it is just opinion but as I have said, through it all I will choose him,” she tried to explain.
“But you could just as easily choose someone else,” he countered.
“Then tell me, why do you choose me?” She asked, thinking he would be stumped. He moved to sit up, looking very serious as he stared at her intently. He sat straight and tall, as if to ensure no confusion about the topic.
“I choose you because you make me see the world through different eyes…your eyes.” His words were gentle and he moved a little closer. “Through all the things you have seen, you do not let it change your hope. Hope that the world can be better, that everyone has goodness in them.” He moved even closer still. “You laugh and have fun and you make people forget themselves…you make me forget myself.”
Slowly he leaned towards her and she froze. His lips were dangerously close to hers but what could she do?
“After I lost my love I never thought there would be another like her. Like you,” he whispered.
“What was her name?” Annie asked feeling breathless. She reasoned it must have been the cold night air that was stealing her breath away.
“Anna,” he answered solemnly.
At first she thought he had mistakenly just said her name but then she realised that he had said Anna. It started to make more sense, all he was doing was trying to find the prefect replacement of his true love. He was trying to make Annie fit into Anna’s place, to fill the void inside of him.
“I know what you are thinking,” he said as he placed his hands either side of her face.
“What would that be?” She asked. Suddenly she started to feel hot. Had the night air changed without her realising?
“You think I am trying to replace her.” It was as if he had read her mind. “I am not. I would never try to replace Anna, just as I would never try to replace you, Annie.”
“I think after a time, the reasons we permit ourselves to love blur and become hazy.” She tried to convince him to see reason.
“So if they blur then does that mean you are admitting that your reasons could be faulty?” He rationalised.
His lips hovered over hers and she felt light headed. She had to move away, she should move away. His breath drifted over her lips and it made them warm, it made her mouth water. She swallowed to try and recover proper thought.
“You and I are both as lost as the other,” he said and he was starting to sound convincing. “So let us be lost together.”
“I am not lost,” she disagreed quietly not really knowing what she was saying in the moment.
“Usually, I would not force anything on you but in this moment I think I shall force this kiss,” he said, piercing her with his eyes.
Annie just sat there, dumbfound at the situation she was in. She looked at him and there was something inside of her that wanted to ask him not to kiss her, surely he would listen to her? But what if he didn’t, would he kill her because of her rejection or worse, kill Nathaniel? Was it worth the risk?
He hesitated a moment, waiting to see if she would refuse him. If she said no, he would not continue but he thought he saw a glint of desire there. Pausing just a moment longer, he placed his lips against hers with gentle eagerness.
The warmth of his lips was comforting and Annie couldn’t help but close her eyes. She thought of Baden and how she loved kissing him and she accidently lost herself in the kiss. Oliver pulled her in closer and held her like he always wanted to, enjoying how perfect her lips felt against his. How intoxicating she tasted, better than he could ever have imagined.
Without realising, she wrapped her arms around his neck and lost herself even further. Feeling the warmth from his body drift into hers was like a spell that began to consume her. All the lovely things he had done for her and all the beautiful things he said were swimming around her head. His armor reflected nothing of his demeanor, his arms held her with care and his lips kissed her with just enough gentle firmness. And for a moment she began to forget everything else.
And Annie’s gift of finding the best in people was working against her now, as she began to forget all the things that Oliver had done, especially the fact her had abducted her. And for a moment she thought that he and Baden were quite alike, not only in looks but past indiscretions. Maybe Oliver had changed just at Baden had?
Her pulled her closer still and laid down, keeping her on top of him. As the moment became more intimate she suddenly remembered who she was kissing and she pulled away, breaking their moment. Her head had been so full of thoughts of Baden mixed with Oliver that she had completely lost sight of her sanity. Oliver let her go and she stood up, rushing away from him. She knocked over a few candles on her way but they were snuffed out by the breeze.
“Annie,” he called out, his breath a little strained on its way out.
“Oliver, I want to go back inside,” she said as she ambled around amongst the nearby trees.
She couldn’t believe what she had done, she just wanted to run away from herself and this mess and now more than ever she wanted to go back to Baden.
Seeing that she was out of sorts, Oliver gave into her request. He reluctantly stood and walked her back inside. She was quiet for the whole time and he didn’t push her to talk about it.
“Goodnight,” he said when she was back in her room.
He closed the door on his exit, she didn’t notice but he didn’t lock it this time. She stood there, face in hands feeling disgusted with herself. She moved to the bed, laid down and couldn’t stop the tears that came. Her face was buried in the pillows so she didn’t hear Nathaniel sneak in but she knew it was him when he laid next to her.
“Annie, what is the matter? Did he hurt you?” He asked, fighting off the ache in his heart because of her pain.
“No, he was kind and gentle,” she blubbered without looking up at him. She felt too disgraced to show her face.
“Then what is it?” He asked, worried.
“I…I…I kissed him,” she blurted out and it spurred her tears on.
He could see why she would be upset at herself for doing that but he didn’t want her to feel that way. He placed his hand on her back and rubbed between her shoulders, hoping to ease her. Her crying lessened but her guilt didn’t. She had betrayed Baden, she was horrible and she didn’t deserve him. All she felt like doing was curling up in a ball and laying there until she died.

CHAPTER 31:

It had been too long since Annie had gone missing and Baden was losing it. It felt like they had tried everything to find her, reading whatever books they could find that might reference Oliver, seeking out other snatchers they knew. They had been searching for Taru for just as long but she was nowhere to be found, not even Baden could find her. All of their ideas arrived at the same place, a dead end.
“There is someone else we could ask…” Stewart said as they sat around in the library one afternoon. Baden looked at him and realised the suggestion before Stewart voiced it.
“Why would he help?” Baden asked cynically. “How could he even know anything?”
“It is better than sitting here not doing anything!” Stewart argued and Baden could see he was right. “So are we all coming along or is this something you should do alone?” Stewart asked, seeing he had given in.
“Everyone should come,” Baden answered.
So Micah, Adam, Stewart and Baden dressed in the most comfortable clothes they had. They looked like a band of thugs as they all dressed in loose pants and a simple shirt. Baden was in black trousers and a charcoal shirt, Stewart was in all black, Adam in navy slacks and a white shirt and Micah in black pants and an ivory shirt. Their shoes were all simple but sturdy black slip-ons, comfortable and light. They may have not been wearing the exact same thing but the theme of them was enough to unify them together. Stewart rolled his eyes as they all stepped out of the house, he thought they looked ridiculous but there was nothing he could do because they all wanted to be comfortable.
It began to rain which made them pause for a moment. The boys looked to Baden for direction but he seemed undeterred by it. So off they headed, in the miserable weather to a place that was altogether miserable itself.
It wasn’t long before they arrived at their destination leaving all of them standing outside the Brighton manor, soaked to the bone. The rain had momentarily stopped but the black clouds coating the sky weren’t very encouraging.
“He might not even listen to us,” Adam whispered anxiously.
“He might just kill us…well not Baden,” Micah interjected.
“Would you all just shut your mouths,” Stewart scolded.
Baden stood there, steely gazed as he stared at the door. Eli knew they were there but was yet to show his face.
“You know you will eventually come out so stop wasting our time,” Baden yelled. He didn’t want to just barge in, he had to do this Eli’s way.
The others looked at him as if he were mad until they realised he was talking to Eli.
After a moment the door latch clicked open and Eli appeared. He didn’t step over the threshold, he just stood there looking at Baden.
“What brings you out on such a lovely afternoon? Wanting to ruin a perfectly good day?” Eli jeered. It was obviously a miserable afternoon but he thought it was lovely compared to their presence.
“We need to know if you have any information in regards to Oliver,” Baden said flatly.
“And why would you need this information?” Eli asked.
“What difference does it make? You either have it or you do not!” Baden lost his temper easily.
“If you do not tell me what you need it for then I will not tell you if I have it.” Eli was just as stubborn as his brother. Baden clenched his lips together trying to hold back his fury.
“Oliver has taken Annie and hidden her in a castle somewhere,” Stewart volunteered the information. Baden silently directed his anger at Stewart with a fiery gaze. “Both of you standing here refusing to help the other will get us nowhere,” Stewart defended himself to Baden.
“Annie is gone?” Eli asked, shocked. “You let her get taken?” Suddenly Baden was right in Eli’s face, breathing heavily as he tried to restrain himself.
“I did not let her get taken. Now if you know where she might be you are best to tell us because if you do not, then I will have no choice but to dispose of you,” Baden threatened through gritted teeth. Eli stepped closer to him, hiding any fear of Baden he harbored.
“I. Do. Not. Know,” he lied through a growl.
“You are lying,” Baden accused. “I can smell it on you.” Eli was surprised that he could sense something like that.
“I find it fitting that you are now left with no one to call on to help save the one you apparently love so much,” Eli said ignoring that he had been caught out. “Consequences finally catching up with you?” He taunted.
“You would rather Annie die than tell me?” Baden’s disgust was clear in his voice.
“Who said Annie was going to die?” Eli smiled on the words then slammed the door in Baden’s face.
“That went well,” Micah said under his breath and though everyone heard, they ignored him.
Silently, they all went back to the manor to try and figure out another plan.
When Eli heard them leave he stormed to his library. He pulled out two books he had on the shelves, these were the two that would have the information Baden sought after. The information he would now use to his own advantage.
As the men neared their home Baden felt something. He raced ahead of everyone and arrived at the manor to find Taru sitting on the doorstep. She stood and started pacing around like she usually did. Her torn black dress made her look more witch-like than usual.
“Out for a relaxing stroll are we?” She accused. “Not too concerned about Annie by the look of it.”
Just as Baden went to pounce at her Micah, Adam and Stewart came running through the trees and jumped on his back before he could do anything. It was difficult to restrain him and they suspected that they were accomplishing it only because Baden was allowing them to. They eventually wrestled him to the ground where he submitted willingly to their force. If he got to Taru he would kill her, ending one of the only leads they had left.
“I am surprised that you have not fetched Annie as of yet. What is the problem, liking your freedom too much?” She hissed at Baden.
“Stop instigating problems!” Stewart interrupted. “We went to Oliver’s castle but Annie was not there.”
Taru stared at Stewart for a moment as if she didn’t understand his language. She glanced around at nothing in particular, trying to figure out what was going on.
“You can get off me now,” Baden said from underneath them.
The boys looked at each other as they silently deliberated on whether or not to free him. They slowly eased their weight off him until he was free. Baden stood, brushed himself off and stood there restraining himself.
“Do you know where he has taken her?” Micah asked and it snapped Taru’s attention back to the present. She started shaking her head before she spoke.
“I…do not know.” She looked dumbfound. Now her perfectly orchestrated plan was starting to derail.
Baden threw his arms in the air in defeat, he could sense the truth of her uncertainty and confusion. Now it felt like he was never going to find Annie.
“Now what do we do?” Adam asked exasperated.
“I will be back,” Taru said before she shot off into the forest.
“Are you just going to let her leave?” Adam asked in disbelief. Baden stared off in the direction Taru had run.
“Yes because she was telling the truth, she is going to return,” Baden answered. He seemed rather surprised.
Stewart went inside, he saw no use in standing around like a bunch of fools. Adam went in after him, then Micah and eventually Baden went inside. And they waited.
Taru ran as fast as she could through the trees towards Oliver’s castle she thought Annie was being kept. She needed Nathaniel, he had to be there. Her speed was alarming but it still was nowhere near as fast as Baden could run. She did make it there in record time none the less.
She ran into the castle but she couldn’t feel Annie or Nathaniel anywhere. She was confronted with the pile of rotting corpses that Baden had left days earlier. The smell of death was always sickening but familiar to her. She looked around the room for any sign of life and she heard someone upstairs. She raced up and broke down the locked door to Oliver’s chamber.
Oliver stood there undeterred as he continued to fill the wooden trunk that sat on the bed with some of his belongings.
“Oliver, what a pleasant surprise that you are here,” Taru said as she stalked the room. He smiled to himself as he packed, he had all the cards in his hands.
“What can I do for you, Taru? I am quite busy.” She grabbed him and pushed him into the closest wall. He still held some of his clothes in his hands and simply laughed at her.
“Where are Nathaniel and Annie?” She was irritated that a creature like Oliver pulled one over on her.
“Annie? Why would you want to know where Annie is?” He asked in a mock innocent tone. She clenched her fists tighter on his shirt. “Admit it, Taru. You want Annie for something, now tell me what it is!”
Taru looked at him furiously. What was she meant to say? Seeing she had lost her fervor Oliver pushed her away from him and she didn’t retaliate. How had she lost control?
“Tell me where they are!” She screamed as she grabbed the trunk he had been filling and threw it across the room. The trunk broke and his things scattered everywhere.
“This is it,” Oliver said, seeming unfazed by her anger. He threw the clothes that were in his hands on the bed before continuing. “Only I know where they are and if you want any chance of finding them again, you must do what I say.”
“What could you possibly want me to do?” She asked. She stood with her fists clenched by her side in rage.
“I want you to kill Baden.” Oliver leaned casually against the wall as if he hadn’t just been forcibly shoved up against it. Suddenly Taru started laughing in her menacing way and it wiped the smile off his face.
“What is the next on your list of demands?” She asked. “Because that certainly will not come to pass.”
“And why would you not kill Baden? You loath him.” He felt offended that she wasn’t going to even contemplate it, out of all the times she would have gladly killed him and now she wouldn’t even think about killing Baden.
“Because I cannot kill him, Oliver!” She yelled. “I have created a monster that not even I can stop!” She found no reason to hide it anymore, he already had what she needed.
 “How do you know?” He pushed off the wall and stood there looking confused.
“He almost killed me one night but by sheer luck I escaped,” she explained. “Your worst enemy can never be killed by even my hand. How do you feel about that?” She taunted. “And if he found you he could kill you at any time he so chooses.”
“You said that only you can kill the ones you have turned,” he argued, trying to make himself feel safer.
“There are no more rules! Everything is not what it once was and it seems that new developments have proven otherwise. Baden Brighton is now the ultimate snatcher,” she shrieked.
She could see the fear in Oliver’s eyes at her words but there was a glint in his eyes, as if there was still a way around this new development. He began to plot what he was going to do about his current dilemma. He had taken Annie and he knew it was only a matter of time until Baden found her. Baden would spend eternity searching for Annie and would stop at nothing to get her back.
“Then it seems we have no other business to take care of,” he said as he started to walk out the door. She grabbed his arm and spun him around to face her.
“Where are they?” She growled. He looked down at her hands on his arm in disgust and peeled them away as if they were diseased.
“Tell me why you want Annie? Or Nathaniel for that matter,” he asked. She just stared at him as if it hurt her to keep silent.
“I do not!” She lied.
“Oh, please! Let me guess, you want to know where she is just to make sure she is safe?” He scoffed. “Tell me, Taru. Why would you want a pair of simple humans?”
“Just tell me!” She was losing it and he knew it.
“Unfortunately I cannot.” He did a good job of sounding genuinely sorry. “Though tell me why you want Annie and I may consider giving you Nathaniel.”
“Baden will kill you, you do know that?” She tried to use another tactic to make him cave.
“It is my prerogative to do with Annie what I see fit and I will ensure that Baden will never lay eyes on her again,” he said arrogantly as his smile spread from ear to ear.
“Soon we shall see how right you are,” she warned. This made his smile drop from his face.
“Only I know where they are and if I need something from you, then we may bargain if the time comes,” he offered. “Until then, I will be off.”
This time when Oliver walked away she let him go. She stood there in the room trying to figure out another way. She didn’t bother following him because he wouldn’t even be so stupid as to go straight back to Annie. And the only one who could follow at a distance he couldn’t detect would be Baden and by the time she got him Oliver would be long gone. All these decades she had been planning and arranging for what? For a fool like Oliver to come along and interrupt a plan that had been in motion since before he was born. He didn’t even realise what he had done.
Now she had to work with Baden to try and find what she had lost. What a disaster that was going to be.

CHAPTER 32:

Taru went back to the manor and waited outside. She had been gone so long that night had fallen. The rain had cleared but clouds still covered the sky, leaving the night in blackness.
Baden, Micah, Adam and Stewart all came out when they heard her approach but kept their distance from her. Baden was the only one that stood close to her but his aversion to her still ensured a buffer.
“So?” Baden asked as he folded his arms. Taru swallowed before she spoke.
“Oliver has hidden her and I do not know where she is,” she confessed.
“What do you suppose we do now?” Baden asked, he was sick of being told that Annie was in no way locatable.
“We will need to find someone who has the answers,” she suggested.
“And why should we believe you are here to help us?” Adam asked thinking it would be foolish to trust her.
“Because Oliver has taken something from me that is essential to bringing Healey back to life,” she explained. “So do not think that I am doing this to help you. You are a means to an end.”
“How lovely,” Baden said scornfully. “How do you propose that we arrive at that end?”
“I believe your brother is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to snatchers,” Taru hinted.
“He has been less than cooperative,” Baden said coldly.
“Then I suggest we pay him a more convincing visit,” Taru recommended. Before anyone could say anything she was running off into the trees.
“Stay here,” Baden said to the others and he was off after her. He caught up to her easily and passed her without effort. Soon they were at the Brighton manor, waiting outside.
“Come out, come out, wherever you are!” Taru trilled hauntingly through the night air.
“Do you have to act so unbalanced?” Baden asked thinking that she was being ridiculous.
“Who says I am not?” She asked.
“Perverted, selfish and merciless, yes but you are too conniving and thorough to be unbalanced. You are up to something and you use insanity as a guise.” Baden described her perfectly and it unsettled her that he had done so.
“If you know what is good for you, you will shut your mouth,” she warned.
“Or you will what?” He pretended to be afraid. “Kill me?” Just as he started to laugh Eli opened the door.
“You are teaming up with Taru?” Eli said with complete disgust in his voice.
Taru had been appearing more recently lately and once the trackers had realised who she was they had been trying to find out as much as they possibly could about her, to almost no avail. At one stage she was merely a myth but there she stood, right in front of him, as real as himself.
“Sometimes things are just a means to an end,” Baden used Taru’s words against her.
Taru wasn’t going to waste any time, she had to find Nathaniel and especially Annie, before Oliver decided to turn her. That’s if he hadn’t already. She appeared in front of Eli as he stood at the threshold of the house. Baden came closer but still kept his distance.
“Now play nice, Eli. You have been far too cruel to your brother,” she chided as if she was his mother.
“Looking out for your sycophants are you?” Eli said to offend Baden who didn’t seem to care much about his words.
“Would you like to know an interesting detail, Eli?” Taru cocked her head to one side angrily.
“No,” Eli refused. He went to shut the door in her face but she stopped it abruptly with her outstretched hand. Baden and Eli watched in surprise as she stepped into the house.
“I have been in this lovely manor before the Brighton family even existed,” she said merrily. “So your invitation is unnecessary.”
Her smile dropped to a fierce scowl as she grabbed Eli and threw him across the room. Baden and Garrick came running to the scene.
“Do not bother to get involved Garrick,” Baden advised. “You will only end up dead.” The older man looked conflicted as he watched his friend stumble to his feet.
“Leave, Garrick and come back in an hour,” Eli said meaningfully to his butler. Garrick nodded and rushed into the kitchen, grabbed the books that were on the table and left out the back door.
“Eli, Eli, Eli,” Taru said as she walked up to him. “Let us be civil to each other. You have what we want.” The wind had been knocked out of him but Eli still stood with an air of stubbornness.
“I must say, I thought the first snatcher would be a little more intimidating,” he commented as if he wasn’t afraid. She clicked her tongue in disapproval.
“Silly boy,” she said softly. She threw him again, this time with purpose. He landed at the door of the library and she was next to him in a flash. She bent down and looked into his pain filled face. “Baden may have a problem forcing you to talk but I do not.”
She picked him up by the neck and walked into to library. Baden followed silently as he watched unemotionally. She threw Eli on the ground, where he stayed, and kicked the daybed filled with daggers over to Baden for him to guard. It slid along the ground and stopped abruptly with Baden’s intervention.
“They may not kill us but it is not the most pleasant thing to have a tracker’s dagger thrust into your chest,” she said over her shoulder to Eli.
“You are pathetic Baden,” Eli said breathlessly as he laid on the floor with his eyes closed. His vest and shirt all askew.
Taru was looking through the titles on the shelf. Eli looked up when he didn’t get a rise out of Baden and he was simply standing there watching Taru, avoiding having to look at Eli. Baden was sick of wasting his time on his brother.
“You never knew what to be Baden, so when you were changed you stood for nothing and were easily swayed,” Eli rambled.
“Because you would have done much better,” Taru sneered at Eli. Eli looked over to her and she was looking down at him on the floor.
Baden was surprised at her defense of him. She walked over to Eli and stood over him, looking at him as if he were an insect.
“I would have been different,” Eli spat at her. She picked him up and shoved him into the nearest chair. He took a moment and straightened himself so he was sitting properly.
“Would you like to know something, Eli?” Taru was prowling around, looking at him as if he was an injured gazelle and she was a lioness. “Let me guess, no?” She said as he opened his mouth to speak. “I will tell you anyway.” She walked over to him and put her face uncomfortably close to his. “Do you remember back when I changed Baden and I said that I would come back for you?” He took a moment to recall but he managed to. “I had watched Baden closely for months and I chose to change him because I saw something in him.”
What she had seen in Baden was passion and the possibility that he would love someone passionately, which was the reason she had chosen him, along with the others she had changed. It was always the reason she chose to change someone but she decided to leave that part out. She also didn’t mention the part that involved Jiel but even though he had a hand in it she would never have changed Baden if she hadn’t seen something in him.
“So I watched you after that night…I watched the person that you were.” She stepped back as if he made her sick. “And I saw nothing in you. You were empty and there was nothing in you that spurred my interest. So I left you to your lonely life because you had nothing.”
The room was quiet after she finished her speech. Baden could hear the truth in her words but there was something that she had left out of the story, he just wasn’t sure what. He thought if he knew what it was, then maybe he could figure out why she had changed so many and to what purpose. Maybe he could get to the bottom of the mystery that he felt Annie was involved in somehow.
Eli sat there stunned into silence. He would never want to be a snatcher, he would rather die, but the way Taru had said it made him feel like he couldn’t even measure up to her expectations. For some reason it made him feel inferior.
“Now, where are the books?” She questioned. Eli peered around the room as if he had just woken up. “Where are the books?” She yelled and he suddenly realised what she was talking about.
There were two books that had information on Oliver that the trackers collected and cataloged, the books that Garrick had walked out with.
“They are no longer in this house and they are being destroyed,” Eli said with a satisfied smile, twisting his words so they were technically the truth.
Garrick was taking the books to the other trackers as they spoke, where they would eventually be destroyed. Eli had already gotten the information he needed and after the trackers killed Oliver, they would never need those books again.
A fury so dark raged in Taru that she lost control. She threw Eli across the room and he fell onto his desk then rolled off onto the floor. Papers and books fell everywhere. She ran, grabbed a dagger out of the daybed and was next to Eli before he could blink. She stabbed it into his shoulder, pulled him off the floor and pulled the dagger out slowly. Blood covered his shirt and his face went pale from the pain. She was going to kill him and she was happy to do so.
Baden stood there indecisively. He had wanted Eli dead for years and now that it was about to happen, all he could think of was his parents and how they would do anything to stop it from happening. They had taught the boys to protect each other since they were toddlers, and even though Eli had betrayed him countless times, Baden couldn’t fight the urge to save him.
As Eli passed out from the pain, Baden grabbed Taru’s hand that was raised with dagger ready. She looked at him and saw that he didn’t want her to kill his brother and for a moment she saw humanity in Baden.
She remained frozen for an instant then slowly let go of the dagger. It clanged to the ground and it hit Baden’s shoe, coming to a stop. When he saw that she understood what he wanted, he let her wrist go.
She dropped Eli on the floor and it may not have been the most gentle of descents but at least it wasn’t going to kill him. Baden walked out of the library, then out of the manor and started towards home. He was walking slowly, trying to push away his emotions.
Taru caught up to him and walked beside him silently. After many minutes of silent walking, Taru decided to speak.
“Not that long ago I thought that there was no humanity left in me,” she mused aloud. “I thought after centuries of hating and killing that I could run from the soul I was born with. And every time I killed someone I forced on another layer of hardness so it would not hurt so much the next time. But sooner or later there are those who remind us of what we are, they remind us of the humanity we have forgotten.”
“I presume you are speaking of Micah,” Baden guessed.
“He is one that has done that, yes,” she answered. “But another is your Annie.”
Baden stopped walking and looked at her to see if she was taunting him but she wasn’t. He couldn’t help the tears that came to his eyes, he missed Annie so much and he would do anything to ensure she was safe. He would even give his own life if that were possible.
“She is very special, Baden. And for whatever reason, she has chosen to love you.” He couldn’t help but let out a small laugh. “I will help you find her. I want her to be safe.”
Taru’s words were spoken earnestly and Baden wasn’t sure why he would accept her help but he did. He could use all the help he could get at the moment, so he just nodded.
With their truce in place, however fragile it was, they ran back to the manor.

CHAPTER 33:

The next night Baden wandered through the trees alone, looking for Annie. Micah, Adam and Stewart were all back at the manor planning and he didn’t know exactly where Taru was but he didn’t want to stop moving. The night was cool, yet he only wore a light shirt and trousers, all dark in colour for concealment.
He walked through the trees aimlessly just thinking of Annie. The breeze suddenly picked up out of nowhere and was gone as quickly as it had come. He paused for a moment and tried to sense if anything was different but he couldn’t quite tell. He thought he felt something but he couldn’t quite tell.
What he didn’t know was that Aliyah stood off in the distance, standing in between her own realm and earth’s yet still able to see both, as a way to shield herself from others being able to see her. She stood and waited, watching to see what Baden would choose to do in just a moment.
Without realising he had wandered close to a secluded inn on a dingy old track. He ignored the ruckus he heard coming from the old but well-lit building. As he moved past the place, loathing every useless soul that sat within, he heard a scuffle going on behind the building. He walked by to see a homeless man being beaten by two drunken strangers.
Baden stood there in the cover of darkness and saw the desperation on the older man’s face. He had nothing in this life and yet these good-for-nothing youths were trying to take even that from him. But why should Baden help? He had done good deeds and had helped people before but Annie had still been taken from him. So what was the use in doing good things when it had no benefit to you?
Just as Baden took one step, about to walk away he paused…Annie would be so ashamed of him if she knew that he was about to turn away. She wouldn’t care what the circumstance was, she believed that if you could help someone then you should.
Baden closed his eyes and looked back at the scene and took a deep breath. Before he could fall back into his selfishness he used the thought of Annie to spur him on.
He was next to the men in an instance. He grabbed one of them and beat him to within an inch of his life so quickly that his friend didn’t even have time to realise what was going on. Baden wanted him to feel what it was like to have no control over the pain that was being forced on him, just as the young man had done to the helpless, older man. Once the man was on the ground Baden gave one last swift kick to his stomach and left him to writhe in pain.
Baden turned to his victim’s friend who stood there in utter terror. He tried to run but Baden was too fast and had him on the ground before he could shout for help.
“How does it feel?” Baden asked through gritted teeth as he smashed his fist into the young man’s face.
Blood was flowing from his nose as he failingly tried to guard himself from Baden’s almost deathly blows. The young man would never have known it but Baden was actually holding himself back. If he hadn’t held back the two men would have been dead with one hit.
Baden was losing himself, he had come to just save the poor homeless man who was being attacked but now he was taking it to the extreme of becoming the attacker.
“Stop,” the old man’s voice called weakly from behind Baden.
Baden paused to see the half beaten man stretching out his arm in his exhausted state to try and prevent Baden from killing the boy. Yes the homeless man had been treated badly by these two men but he didn’t wish the same thing on them.
Baden had no idea why anyone would do such a thing but he took one last look at the man he had been beating. And in it he saw the monster that he was once more. He let the man drop to the ground in his battered state and stepped away from him.
Baden quickly took note that he had not given the two men fatal injuries and left them where they were. He went over to the homeless man who sat in his blood stained rags. His beard and wispy hair was white and though he was pale with pain, his wrinkled skin held smile lines.
“Can you walk?” Baden asked and the man just shook his head. The answer wasn’t surprising because his body looked frail.
So Baden carefully picked up the old man as gently as he could and walked with him to find someone who could help. He walked slowly, not only to hide what he truly was but to ensure the man was not battered anymore.
Baden took him away from the run down building to the nearest town and found the best inn. As he walked into the foyer filled with extravagant furniture there was only a young man in attendance at the clerk desk. His face looked shocked as Baden entered the place carrying a beaten old man.
Carefully he placed the man down in a soft chair and arranged for the attendant to clean up the old man and take care of him until he had fully recovered. He paid with all the gold coins he had in his pocket, which was much more than necessary, and insisted on the best room for the old man. Baden always carried coins in his pocket, never knowing when he might need money.
“Sir,” the old man called out as Baden turned to leave. Baden slowly turned back to him to see what else he could do. “Tell me, what is your name?”
Baden took a moment before he replied.
“The only name you should remember is, Annie Belle,” Baden answered then he left the inn.
He made his way back to the men he had violently beaten. Carefully he took them and placed them just outside the inn, someone would come out and find them shortly. No one would ever have found them behind the building and they could have been laying there for days and even possibly died. Even as he turned to leave he heard a few of their friends already planning to search for them.
And Baden walked away from a scene that once again challenged everything he was.
Aliyah had watched from in between the realms and followed Baden on his journey. She had expected him to kill the two men but he had surprised her, even though he did almost kill them. She was beginning to think that maybe there was hope after all.

A few more days passed and Annie was starting to wonder if she was ever going to make it out of there. She hated seeing Oliver and she had been sinking into misery ever since she kissed him. Nathaniel was a comfort but he couldn’t stop the guilt.
One night, Annie lay there in the dark, curled up around her pillow in bed. When she thought she was going to drown in her guilt she heard a door creak open.
“Annie,” Nathaniel whispered before she could start to fret. “Are you awake?”
“Yes,” she whispered back as she turned to face him. In his hand was a small candle holder with a candle sitting in it. The small candle lit up his face, adding to the warmth already there.
He placed the candle on the bedside table then sat on the bed next to her. He was wearing only long pajama pants, leaving his chest exposed. He wasn’t as strapping as the other men she was close with but he was well built and defined.
“I came in because I could hear you crying,” he said gently. Her face was stained with tears and strands of hair were stuck to her face. He wiped the hair away and it made her feel a little fresher.
“You should not be comforting me,” she said trying to hold back the tears. “You are mixed up in all of this because of me.” Her warm nightdress and the blankets did nothing to fend off how cold she felt.
“How can you blame yourself for the actions of others?” He reasoned. She fiddled with the corner of her pillow and shrugged her shoulders.
“Why are you so kind to me?” She asked, trying not to accept his logic.
Nathaniel remained silent for a moment and Annie looked to him to see if he was offended by her question. He was looking over at the candle, the flame flickering in his eyes. There was a warmth in his eyes and it was there because of her. He realised he was being quiet so he looked back to her and saw he had been caught.
“Did you know that when we were in school, I found you rather captivating? I thought you may have very well been the best friend that I ever had,” he confessed trying to lighten the mood. “Then one day I went to classes and you were gone. I later found out that you had moved away abruptly and I promised myself something that day. Would you like to know what it was?”
Annie hid the pain of the memory. She had moved away with her mother because her father had run away with another woman. They had lived with her widowed grandfather but he eventually passed away and a few years later her mother had become ill. Eventually she had passed away and that is when she went to live with Martha.
“What did you promise yourself?” She asked quietly.
“I said that if I were to ever find that Annie Belle again, I would never let her leave and we would be the best of friends,” he declared in a hushed voice. It brought a smile to her face which warmed his heart. “So here I am, all these years later, keeping my promise to myself.”
“You are a man of your word,” she complimented. He could see the sadness in her eyes and it was like he was feeling it himself.
“Annie,” he said her name softly. “When there is someone as beautiful as you in the company of men, there is little chance that you will escape a man’s attention. So when someone who does not know how to respect a woman’s decision, as it seems this Oliver fellow does not, then their presumptuous actions tend to interfere somewhat.” She wasn’t sure where he was going with this but she listened intently. “But as long as you keep Baden in your heart, then small hiccups along the way are easily rectified.”
“So you are saying that you think everything will turn out for the best?” She summarised. He nodded after thinking for a moment.
“From what I have been told of Baden, then I cannot say with certainty that everything will turn out for the best for Oliver. But I do think that something like this will be easily forgiven you by Baden,” he assured. “Oliver is a scoundrel and Baden is aware of that, it seems.” Annie sat up and embraced Nathaniel where he sat.
“Thank you, Nathaniel,” she said. “You truly are a good friend.”
And her embrace was like nothing else he had ever felt. His love for her grew in that moment as he admired her love and loyalty to the one she had promised herself to. He would never tell her that he had loved her since childhood and had thought of her every day since she disappeared out of his life. He would never burden her with such a confession. Instead he would be part of her life, whichever way she allowed him to be and he would be grateful for that. He was earnestly pleased that she had found true love and his selflessness made his love for her all the more potent.
During their embrace they did not hear the door open. It wasn’t until Oliver cleared his throat that they broke away and looked at him.
“Well, this is an interesting development,” Oliver said as he walked over.
He placed his oil lit lantern on the dresser where the candle sat and he stood there menacingly close, unnervingly peering down at them. Annie looked to Nathaniel who didn’t really know where to look.
“Oliver, we were simply talking,” Annie explained to no avail.
“You think you can have her?” Oliver asked Nathaniel. Nathaniel gave a quick eye roll to Annie and looked up at Oliver.
“I do not think that at all. In fact, I know she is Baden’s so I would not dare consider it,” Nathaniel answered calmly. He wasn’t afraid. It’s not that he thought he couldn’t die, he just wasn’t going to be afraid that it might come.
Annie’s nerves were razor thin as they started to chip away at her stomach. She wanted to diffuse Oliver’s obvious anger but she had no idea what to do.
“And what do you know of Baden?” Oliver’s voice was different when he said Baden’s name, it was more violent and Annie wanted to warn Nathaniel to tread carefully.
“Enough to know that I am beat,” Nathaniel said meaningfully to Oliver.
That was all it took. Oliver’s rage was beyond control and neither of them could have stopped what was about to happen. Oliver grabbed Nathaniel off the bed and Annie grabbed for Nathaniel. As she did she knocked her pillow away which pushed the lantern off the table and it smashed on the floor, spilling the oil. The flames lit up across the oil, spreading over the coated floor and giving the scene a demonic, frightening feel.
“No, Oliver!” Annie screamed.
But no matter how loud she yelled or how much she begged, Oliver would not stop. He killed Nathaniel easily, happily. Just a quick flick of the wrist and it was done. He was glad to take the life away from this man who had the chance he wanted, the chance at a normal life with Annie.
As Nathaniel’s lifeless body dropped to the floor Annie ran out of the room, into the darkness of the castle. Her tears were unceasing but it didn’t matter because it was pitch black anyway. Except for the thin, glimpses of moonlight that was filtering through the small, high windows. She ran down the stairs and towards any door she could find. She was running away from the monster she always knew Oliver was. For all his show and courtesies, she knew he was nothing but a heartless creature.
As she reached the door that would lead to her freedom, she was sure she would be stopped but she wasn’t. She pulled it open with a mighty heave, her cries coming out on her panicked breath. She ran into the night, twigs sticking into her feet and dirt sticking to the soles of them. She blindly ran, bumping into trees as she hurried with her arms outstretched.
Oliver was soon after her and found her easily. He grabbed her, and even though she knew it was him, she screamed into the night. Her voice disturbed the quiet of the trees. He clasped his hand around her mouth and stifled her cries.
“No one will hear you, my dear,” he whispered into her ear, as if they were words of love. He dragged her back into the castle and up the stairs she had just run down. “Clean up the mess!” He yelled to someone in the shadows along the way, another snatcher that she couldn’t see.
They came to the top of the stairs and walked past the room that had been hers. Where was he taking her? He pushed opened a door she had never been in and walked them both into the room, throwing her on the bed she couldn’t see. He closed the door and lit a lamp. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust. As she took in the extravagant furniture in the oversized room she realised she was in Oliver’s chamber.
Annie’s heart beat rapidly as she scurried off the bed and to the other side of the room, as far away from Oliver as she could get. She grabbed hold of her skirt, as if this would be her best defense. He paced to and fro, running his hands through his hair. The strange thing was, he seemed anxious.
“She is going to kill me,” he whispered to himself but she managed to catch it.
“Who?” Annie asked, wondering how she even had the courage to speak. He looked up at her as if he had forgotten she was there.
“Taru,” he answered, not really thinking.
“Why is she going to kill you?” Apart from the obvious reason, that he was completely abhorrent.
“She wanted Nathaniel for something and now he is dead!” He explained as if it would help.
Annie had no idea what Taru would want with Nathaniel and she wasn’t game enough to ask any more questions, she wanted Oliver to go back to forgetting she was even in the room.
“Stay here, I must go.” He said it like she even had an option.
He left the room and locked the door behind him. Now she was trapped in Oliver’s room and one of her friends was dead because of the lunatic that was harboring her. Taru had some kind of plan brewing that seemed to revolve around her. And all she wanted was to see Baden and have him tell her it was all going to be alright.
Annie couldn’t help but sit down on the cold, stone floor and cry. How long was this going to go on for? Was anyone even looking for her? It certainly didn’t feel like it.
“Baden, where are you?” She whispered into the lonely room. Little did she knew, he was not too far away.

CHAPTER 34:

After Baden and Taru’s truce had been made she had disappeared for a few days without any explanation. But one day, late in the afternoon she had arrived at the manor just before Baden was about to search for her. He stood outside waiting there with his arms folded, expecting an ingenious plan on her behalf. Unfortunately he was set for disappointment.
Baden and Taru had been searching for hours through the forest and night had fallen on them. He was dressed in his black camouflage, looking like the night itself. Micah, Adam and Stewart were at the house where Healey was buried, searching through the old books for something they might be able to use.
“This was your bright idea, wander aimlessly for hours?” Baden complained as they searched. He huffed up the sleeves of his shirt to his elbows and tried to kick his loose pant legs into a more comfortable position.
Suddenly, off in the very far distance, considering Baden was struggling to hear it, he thought he heard a noise…a woman’s voice? A scream? He froze on the spot trying to listen.
“Did you hear that?” He asked Taru and she stopped, trying to listen as well. Before they could pinpoint the sound they were interrupted.
Out of nowhere there was a rustling amongst the trees close by then Jiel stepped out from the forest. He was wearing a cloak that looked black as darkness itself yet sometimes it reflected a silver hue, even when light wasn’t touching it, which disappeared quickly.
Jiel looked like the reaper himself and though Baden wasn’t afraid of him he could tell there was dreadfulness about him. Taru had centuries to get used to the sight of Jiel and still he evoked a fear in her that she couldn’t stop.
“Taru, I see you are keeping quite unusual company of late?” Jiel commented, inspecting Baden.
Jiel was curious about Baden, he had heard much about him, even before he had even been born. When he had been told what Baden had done to Taru, his suspicions and the whispers in his realm of Baden’s strength and potential had been proven true. He wished that he could influence Baden’s life but there was no way around it, he could not interfere more than the edicts provided without the individual’s consent.
He had already impeded as much as he possibly could by suggesting to Taru to change Baden. Taru hadn’t thought anything of it at the time, she assumed that it was just Jiel’s way of hurrying along payment of the debt she owed him because Baden’s soul had had so much potential. Even now she still didn’t know the real reason Jiel wanted Baden changed.
“What is wrong, Jiel?” Taru asked, she felt something wasn’t quite right. Jiel snapped his head around and looked at her. Baden recognised the name that Micah had told them.
“Wrong, why would anything be wrong?” He wondered innocently. He stood unnaturally still, like he was a statue. Like he was from another place.
Baden watched him cautiously, he could tell Jiel wasn’t a snatcher. He could tell this man of sorts wasn’t like any other he had ever met, he just wasn’t sure what he was. Baden concentrated harder, forgetting that he had even heard a scream off in the distance. A scream that had escaped from the one he had been looking for.
“Something is amiss,” Taru said. She knew he had something to say.
“You are perceptive,” Jiel complimented superficially. “I think you best stop wasting your time wandering around and get to work on other things.”
“What things?” She knew he wasn’t referring to Annie, he wouldn’t talk about that in front of Baden.
“Things of the past and so forth,” Jiel hinted. That was all Taru needed, she knew what he was talking about.
“Healey?” She asked. “How?”
“You know how. I think the more crucial question is, when? It has been a few minutes now…I am not sure how long he will last buried,” Jiel taunted before he walked off into the darkness and disappeared. As Jiel left Baden realised what he was.
“He is a demon?” Baden said. “He is the one that turned you?” He was completely stunned that she obviously had kept in contact with the one that had cursed her
“Baden, you must go,” Taru said, ignoring his question. She was panicked and she let it show. “Healey is dying as we speak.” Baden didn’t look too concerned. “You must save Healey or else Annie will die. She is at the center of all of this and she will not live to see another day if he is not saved,” Taru threatened. It was partially a lie because she didn’t know what the outcome of all of it was going to be but in her fear she was able to make it feel like a truth for the moment, so Baden missed it.
So much for their truce.
Baden didn’t know how Annie was involved amongst it all but he didn’t doubt for a moment that Taru could use her connections to find Annie before he did, connections like Jiel. And he didn’t doubt that Taru would kill her, he had been a fool to trust Taru. Now he had no other option, he had to save Healey.
With no more hesitation Baden was running. He whipped past the trees like he had never been there in the first place. Faster and faster he ran, each second was one second closer to Healey dying, one step closer to Annie dying. Nothing had spurred him on more so than that thought and he ran faster than he had ever run before. 
But how far away was he from the house? Would he make it? Could he make it?
He didn’t bother to move out of the way of low lying branches. Instead he snapped them off on his way through and they crashed to the ground, the only evidence that he had been there at all. He was running so fast that he actually became short of breath, for the first time since becoming a snatcher. His heart raced and he had to try and hold back tears as the fear that he wouldn’t make it set in.
How far was it? He stretched out his sense to their limits and it frightened him that he couldn’t feel anyone yet. He couldn’t stop it any longer, the tears slipped down his face but dried instantly because of the speed he was running. He gasped for air trying to steady his breathing and calm himself. He couldn’t miss a step, he had to make it.
As true panic started to set in, he heard the familiar voices of the others in the house. He didn’t let the relief in yet though, he still had to find Healey and dig him up.
Baden didn’t even bother going into the house to get the others when he finally ran into the clearing, he just went straight to the willow tree and started digging at the ground below it with his bare hands. 
In a flurry, he was covered in dirt. It was through his hair, under his nails, down his shirt, everywhere. He had dug a considerable way down before the others realised he was even there. They walked out and looked at him a little strangely before they realised what he was doing. But Baden didn’t stop to look at them or explain.
Silently they went over and helped him and their efforts soon became just as panicked as Baden’s. They never really saw Baden lose himself in panic, he was usually only ever angry. It was only when it came to Annie that he lost his collectedness like this so something must have been wrong.
So their fervor was unceasing as they dug away at the dirt, as if they were actually digging to find Annie herself.
How far down was he buried? Would they ever find him? Were they even digging in the right place? When they were all as dirty as each other and had dug well into the soil, they were all starting to lose heart. But no one stopped, no one dared.
As Adam moved his hands through the soil he hit something solid, well more solid than the dirt. He brushed away the top layer of dirt and uncovered a hand. His face lit up with a smile.
“Here!” Adam declared with excitement.
The others looked over and were on it immediately. They started from the hand and dug down from there. There was an arm, a shoulder and before they knew it Healey’s face was uncovered. Their relief was stolen away as they realised he wasn’t breathing.
“Get him out!” Baden yelled as he uncovered the rest of him. Healey’s clothes were stained from lying dormant in the dirt for decades. His white shirt was now brown and his black pants almost like soil itself.
Stewart gently laid him out on flat ground and they all stood around looking at him. Baden bent down and moved Healey onto his side to try and clear his airway.
“Come on!” He said as he pulled Healey into a sitting position and shook him a little. Healey slouched over in his unconscious state causing dirt to fall from his hair.
Micah bent down and started hitting Healey on the back. After a long while of trying to revive him, Baden laid him out straight and knelt beside him just staring at him. Healey couldn’t be dead. Baden had run faster than he had ever run. He had made it, Healey had to be alive.
“I am sorry, Baden,” Stewart said regretfully. They were going to have to accept that Healey didn’t make it.
Baden covered his face with his hands and knelt there, motionless. This couldn’t have happened. How could this have happened? He dragged his dirt covered hands through his dirt filled hair and yelled into the air. He was trying to release his anger and his fear but nothing would take away what he was feeling now. The loss of Annie, this was it. She was going to die because he hadn’t made it.
Baden sat down on the ground, face buried in his hands as he tried to deal with what he was feeling. He couldn’t do it, he couldn’t live life without Annie. But he could stop Taru, he could kill her. Suddenly he was on his feet, about to run to find Taru when a cough sounded through the air.
Healey jerked up, spluttering the dirt from his lungs. He was utterly bewildered and disoriented from so many quiescent years within the earth. He coughed for at least ten minutes straight clutching his stomach with both arms to try and ease the pain of it. The boys just stood there watching him daftly.
Adam abruptly ran inside then came back out with an absurdly small glass of water from the table. He bent down and offered it to Healey. He looked up at Adam and took the water gratefully.
“You could not have found a bigger glass?” Stewart asked quietly to Adam as he stepped back into place. Adam’s face dropped in exasperation.
“I did not see you even offering,” Adam rebuked and Stewart had to stifle a laugh.
Healey drank the water and put the glass on the ground. He looked at his hands, then his legs and started brushing the dirt off of himself. He was wearing the same thing that he had been that day; brown, cotton pants and a peasant shirt. His hair was to the length of his shoulders and tied back with a thin leather cord. The colour was usually blonde but it was rather dirty now, as was all of his skin. After he did all he could possibly do to get the dirt off, he stood on shaky legs and looked around.
“When is it that I find myself?” Healey asked with a husky voice.
“Eighteen-oh-six,” Micah answered. Healey looked around as if he had just been punched in the face.
“Well, is there anyone who can tell me what has brought this strange circumstance upon me?” Healey requested rather calmly.
The men just looked at Baden who stood there staring at Healey. Baden was so relieved he was stunned into silence. However, he did manage to close the distance and embrace the newly resurrected man. Healey let out a huff as Baden’s arms wrapped around him, in his enthusiasm Baden forgot to hold his strength back as much as necessary. Dirt puffed up between them with the impact which didn’t really matter much because they were both covered in it.
Baden had never been driven to hug another human being, other than Annie, but this man’s life literally just saved Annie’s. Everyone looked at each other trying to understand what was going on. Baden pulled away from Healey and looked at him, holding onto his upper arms excitedly.
“Thank you,” Baden said and Healey looked at him as if he were strange.
“I am not sure how I was of service to you but you are most welcome,” Healey answered looking confused.
“Let us go inside, there is much to be explained!” Baden said, turning and walking into the little house that was once his prison.
Taru stood off in the distance, listening to Healey speak. She couldn’t help the tears that fell from her eyes, tears of joy that he had made it.
“There looks to be a heart in there after all,” Jiel commented from behind her. She spun around to face him.
“How did you do it? After all this time, how did you bring him back?” She asked, astounded that it had worked. She didn’t expect an answer, so when he gave it to her she was shocked.
“When a soul is stolen unnaturally, if you will, then their bodies are not set to decay like those that die as nature intended,” he explained. “Though, I cannot just take the lives myself.”
“But you have taken so many lives, the ones I have brought to you. You even took Nathaniel’s in return for Healey’s,” she said, still not understanding.
“The ones taken were either killed or given as a debt to be repaid by a creature of the earth, so it is different. You would never have given Healey but I could obtain his soul because of the price you owed me. But I kept him for you…do you see what I do for you?” He said as if he was extending himself to help her.
“You cannot take lives so you gain the services of others, so they can do it for you. But what happens to the souls once they are ‘taken’?” She wondered, trying to piece the mysteries together.
“There is much negotiating where I come from, sometimes I win and other times I lose.” He sounded angry when he said the word lose.
“Where exactly are you from?” She didn’t know how long he would answer her questions for but she thought she may as well try for them all. A sinister smile slid across his face.
“One day, you may very well see for yourself,” he answered and it made her skin crawl. “Now when will I be getting what I have been asking for since the beginning?”
“I am almost finished making certain, then I will bring them to you,” she assured. He moved closer to her in his maddeningly calm way.
“See to it that you do,” he suggested through gritted teeth. “I am done waiting, Taru.” And when she blinked, he was gone.
Back at the house, Healey sat in a comfortable reading chair waiting for more answers to his many questions. They had told him most of the story, leaving out the fact that Taru had been the one to wreak havoc on their lives. Baden filled the place of that character with Jiel, which was probably closer to the truth.
“But what was Mary?” Healey asked for the countless times. “And what happened to her?”
“She was like us,” Baden said, gesturing to everyone else in the room and himself.
“Then she must be alive, I want to see her!” He demanded. They had avoided explaining anything about Taru until now, it looked like they were going to have to say something.
“She is dead,” Micah blurted out uncouthly. He was sick of hearing how much this man loved Taru.
Healey looked around the room to the others and they tried to look pained by the idea, as if they sympathised for him when really they thought it was better for him this way. This innocent man believed the best in his love and they had heart enough to keep it that way, even if it was for someone as heartless as Taru. Though Micah still was able to look past her faults, to the others there were too many.
“So now I am here for no reason,” Healey said. “What am I to live for if not for her?”
“Well, there is a lovely young lady by the name of Annie, whom everyone seems to take a shining to,” Adam joked, trying to lighten the mood. His smile was soon wiped off his face from the scowls of the others and especially from the murderous look on Baden’s face.
“Stay with us for a time,” Stewart suggested distracting everyone from Adam’s silly joke. “Until you can decide what you will do with yourself.” He didn’t bother asking the others if they minded. The good thing was that they didn’t mind at all, except for Micah.
“Live with mythological creatures?” Healey mused aloud. “I guess that will do for a time.” What made it funny was that he wasn’t being sarcastic in the slightest.
So Micah, Healey, Baden, Adam and Stewart all made their way back to the manor. Who knew where this motley crew would end up?

CHAPTER 35:

Taru had disappeared and no one could find her, not even Micah could get her to appear. So they were all back where they had started and Baden was at breaking point. A few more days had passed and everyone was on edge. Healey was still adjusting to the world he had been thrown into and he had no extra information on Taru.
“That is it!” Baden yelled suddenly as he stood. “I cannot take it anymore! I am going to the institution!” He declared.
He walked out of the library and went and changed into a stupid suit that he hated so Amaury wouldn’t have anything to complain about. He came back to the others when he was dressed and stood in the doorway looking at them as they all sat about in their casual clothes.
“We will all go,” Stewart offered as he closed, what felt like, the millionth book he had read.
“Fine but I am leaving now,” Baden said impatiently. “You will have to travel slowly if you are bringing Healey.” It was better to take Healey incase Taru wanted him in the future, he could be their leverage.
 “You travel ahead and we will meet you there,” Stewart agreed. Without another word Baden left the manor and headed towards the institution.
The only reason they hadn’t gone earlier is because Amaury would be even less helpful than Eli had been and goodness knows what Martha and Everard were doing. He had sent word of what happened to Annie and they hadn’t even come back then. He had received a letter from them saying they would look into it and inform him if they found anything but he hadn’t heard from them since. There had to be something there, surely Amaury knew where all of Oliver’s castles were?
As Baden ran and pondered he was too distracted to realise he was being followed. He was already halfway to the institution by the time he noticed the sound of other footsteps behind him. Slowing, he came to a complete stop and looked around the forest.
“I know you are there,” Baden called into the air. “I can feel you.”
Jiel stepped out from behind the trees and came into view. He had a smile on his face.
“I must say, I am surprised that you knew I was here,” Jiel commented. “Not even Taru can sense me until I allow it.”
Baden looked Jiel up and down, trying to sense his intentions. Again he was wearing his black coat that covered him from neck to foot.
“Stranger things have happened,” Baden said, playing it down.
“Do not think for a moment that I do not know what you are, Baden,” Jiel warned. “Do not think that I do not know what you can do.”
“What is it to you?” Baden was not impressed by Jiel at all.
Jiel laughed a little, it was strained because he hardly did such a thing. He casually walked around and Baden followed him with his eyes.
“I intended for Taru to be rather special among her kind but it seems that she has managed to create something that has surpassed herself,” he spoke as he roamed. “Or at least something has created you…” Baden had no idea what he meant by that. “But now she has become superfluous.” This time it was Baden’s turn to laugh.
“Wanting to trade her in are you?” Baden shouldn’t have been surprised, look who he was talking to. Baden started to walk away, tired of wasting time.
“Do not be so hasty, Baden. You could benefit from this,” Jiel tempted. “I believe you are in a predicament at the present.” Baden froze. He turned and looked at Jiel.
“What do you know of my ‘predicament’?”
“I know that you would do almost anything to get Annie back.” It made Baden angry when he said her name.
“Been speaking with Taru? Nice to know she is as untrustworthy as ever.” Baden didn’t have time to be standing there talking to him. “I must be going,” he said harshly.
“Do you not want Annie back?” Jiel asked. “I am sure that we can arrange something.” He stopped meandering around and watched Baden carefully.
“You know where she is, do you?” Baden wasn’t fooled by Jiel for a minute.
“I am able to assist in locating her.” Jiel was using his words carefully because there was only so much he could do in directing Baden and it wasn’t much at all. “Of course I am sure a gentleman like yourself knows that such a valuable thing cannot come without a price.” Jiel stood there completely still, like he had the other day, giving an unearthly and eerie feel.
“And what price would that be?” Baden was still wary. Jiel fluttered his hand around as if he was trying to think of something appropriate to trade.
“Maybe a soul…? Just one soul,” Jiel reasoned.
“A soul?” Baden repeated and he realised what was happening. “What soul?”
“The soul of someone special.” Jiel was holding back his eagerness, he wanted Baden to agree. He could almost taste what it would be like to have Baden under his control.
“Special, how?” Baden was starting to put together the frightening truth.
“The soul of someone who can love unconditionally,” Jiel suggested.
And that was all that needed to be said. As soon as the words were out of his mouth Baden knew exactly how Annie was mixed up in the mess.
“You want Annie,” Baden whispered, horrified. “That is why Taru is after her so eagerly. That is why she has brought you sacrifice after sacrifice over the centuries…” Baden pieced it together aloud.
Annie had secretly told him Amaury and Oliver’s stories and now they fell into the picture clearly. And with all of Baden’s research trying to find Annie he also had paid particular attention to tales of Taru because she was a threat.
“You have been making Taru search to the ends of the earth. She has been trying to find someone who loves unconditionally, for whatever your perverted reasons are. When they were never a soul sufficient enough she would just kill them at your command. Her whole existence she has been searching and now she wants Annie.” Baden’s heart broke as he realised why Annie was the one they wanted. “You want her because she loves a monster like me…unconditionally.”
It felt like the breath had been knocked out of him. He was the reason why Annie was in danger, at the brink of death all the time.
Jiel stood there stunned. He hadn’t realised that Baden knew anything at all about Taru’s curse and what she had been trying to accomplish. Now he had pieced it together somehow. All he didn’t seem to know was the reason why Jiel actually needed such a soul.
“Do not draw conclusions on things you do not know, Baden.” Jiel was trying to fool him.
“You will never get Annie!” Baden growled. “You have not taken her yet, though you could have. There is something stopping you and I am guessing that means Taru has to be the one to give her to you.” Everything was becoming clear to Baden, terrifyingly clear. “And Taru does not know where Annie is though you obviously do…so you must not be able to tell her for some reason…”
Baden’s mind was racing at a hundred miles an hour. Everything kept falling into his thoughts so rapidly that he could hardly keep up until he finally came up with the answer.
“I will kill Taru. As soon as I see her she is dead!” Baden stated simply, it was the easiest solution now.
As soon as he had decided Taru’s fate, he was off running. Jiel was of no use anymore and he couldn’t follow the strange creature to try and find Taru because he could just disappear into thin air. No, Baden was running to the only other person he thought could find Taru, which was Amaury. He had to stop Taru then find Annie.
Jiel stood there, infuriated that he had caused himself unnecessary problems. When a gust of wind picked up he rolled his eyes and turned around to find Aliyah standing there. Her golden cloak rustled in the breeze her entrance created until it settled. Her smile irritated him further.
“What an excellent job you have done, Jiel,” she said rather satisfied with what just happened. “It seems that Baden is much shrewder than you have given him credit for.”
“Must you always be near,” Jiel sniped. “I am sure you have some message to flitter off and deliver.”
“In fact I do,” she agreed. “I must spread the news of what just happened here today.”
Before he could say anything in response the wind blew up and she vanished into gold dust and was gone as quickly as she had arrived.
Jiel left then as well but he went straight to Taru to fix what he had done.
“Taru!” Jiel yelled when he came upon her, appearing out of nowhere.
She had been running, searching to find Annie and she stopped as soon as she heard Jiel. She spun around and skidded to a stop. It was obvious he was infuriated, more so than he ever had been.
“Find her!” Jiel raged as he stormed up to her.
“I am trying to!” She screamed. “I am searching for her!”
“You must find her now. Baden knows why you are looking for her and he will kill you on sight. You must find her!” Jiel was beyond control now.
“Tell me where she is!” Taru’s plan was falling apart faster than she could try to repair it.
Jiel slapped her across the face and she fell to the ground. Her face bled from his hit but she knew better than to show weakness in front of him.
“You know I cannot interfere! Find her and bring her to me!” He yelled then he was gone.
Baden was running. He was faster than the wind as he sped through the whispering forest. Taru could find Annie at any moment, he had no other option than to be faster than her. He reached the institution and came through the gates quicker than anyone could see him. They only knew someone had entered because the gates were left open.
Baden ran through the halls to Amaury’s chamber but it was empty. He searched the ballroom and almost every room in the place. The snatchers who had a chance to see him kept their distance.
When Amaury was nowhere to be found Baden gave up and searched for Martha and Everard instead, they might be able to help. He ran to their room and in his panic he ran in without knocking.
In surprise of what he saw he had forgotten to let go of the door handle and ripped the door right off its hinges, jolting him to a stop. Jory sat there on the bed dressed in dark suit pants and a white button down shirt reading a book, as alive as him. Baden dropped the door and the men stared at each other completely astonished.
“Baden,” Jory said in disbelief. He stood up and dropped his book. He wasn’t meant to be seen.
The men stood there in stunned silence from the abruptness of the new revelation. What on earth was going on? Baden couldn’t believe the outrageous circumstances he had found himself in of late. He knew he was part of a world that was beyond normal but this was all getting to be rather ridiculous.
“Jory?” Baden finally spoke. “You are alive,” he whispered. He had some sense that Jory might have been alive on their last visit, even just after his ‘death’, but he wasn’t going to jump to conclusions. Conclusions that were seemingly ridiculous, but here they were happening.
“It seems to be that way.” Jory didn’t know what else to say.
“Let me guess, your name is Jory William Manning?” Baden asked. Jory just nodded his head in response. “Creative,” Baden said sarcastically.
“Is Annie here?” Jory asked as casually as he could. Obviously no one had passed on the news of what had happened to her.
“No,” Baden said angrily.
“Then I think that you and I should make a deal before she finds out anything,” Jory suggested.
“And what kind of deal would that be?” Baden asked bitterly, completely fed up with all the revelations. He wasn’t in the mood to negotiate with anyone, he was sick of not being in control.
“Take a seat,” Jory offered gesturing to the numerous chairs in the room. “I will tell you everything.”
And so the plot thickened.

CHAPTER 36:

Micah, Adam, Stewart and Healey had been travelling for a few hours now. Healey was on a horse but the others were walking beside him. Though, this time they weren’t wearing such comfortable attire because Amaury had particular standards when it came to visitors at the institution. They were all suited up and very uncomfortable because of it but they needed to try and please him to make him as cooperative as possible.
None of them could be bothered to pack any other clothing so they just wore what they had to, whereas Healey preferred to be more prepared. He borrowed suits from Adam, who had a similar build to him, and he brought multiple items of clothing. But to be fair, snatchers didn’t sweat and exude countless fluids like humans so they didn’t really need to change so often.
“I say, I have not challenged you to anything of late, Adam,” Stewart said as they travelled along. The day was warm but overcast.
“There has not been much time for fun and games with such a serious circumstance,” Adam said gravely. He still blamed himself for Annie’s disappearance.
“Then let us pick it up right now.” Stewart said it like a suggestion but there was no option about it. “Adam, I challenge you that you cannot make it to the top of that tree.” He pointed to a tree close by that was standing taller than any other tree they could see.
“I challenge you that you cannot!” Adam reversed it.
“Fine.” Stewart took the challenge and was soon skillfully climbing up the trunk of the mammoth tree.
The others stood and watched from below. Stewart scaled the trunk until he reached the first branch, then swung most of the way up, leveraging his body to let the momentum of the swing do most of the work. As his legs latched onto one branch, he let go of the one he was holding then would easily and skillfully pull himself up to grab the next. When he had reached the top easily he scampered down, looking pleased with himself when he had rejoined the group. And his clothing was hardly even scuffed.
“I must say, that was impressive,” Healey commended as he stood next to Micah, holding the reins of his horse.
Adam pushed Stewart aside and with a grimace on his face, he started to climb the tree. He wasn’t as graceful or quick as Stewart but he managed fair enough. Every now and then he would slip, maybe fall a few feet, but some branches would eventually catch him before he fell too far.
“Stupid Stewart,” Adam mumbled under his breath and a moment later he heard Stewart’s laugh fill the air. He had heard him from below.
Finally Adam reached the top, much to his relief. He took stock of his clothes, they were a little worse for wear. With a few holes here and there due to sharp twigs along the way. Some sap stains were strewn over him and it added to his annoyance.
“Adam, are you coming down?” Stewart called from below.
“Yes,” he yelled down to them. He started his descent but didn’t get far at all before he paused. He could hear something off in the distance, over the trees.
“Adam!” Stewart called again.
“Can you ever shut up?” Adam yelled down. “I think I hear something.”
He concentrated for a moment longer. There was definitely something running in the trees and it was running fast.
“I am coming down now,” he called down to the rest of them.
Taking a few steady steps, Adam made his way further down the tree but somehow with one of his feet he managed to miss a branch below him. It probably wouldn’t have been so bad except, instead of holding tighter to the branch he had in his hands, he accidentally let go with one hand which caused him to swing out from the tree and lose the other foot. This then caused him to twist as he swung in the air, making the only grip he still had with one hand almost impossible.
Frantically he tried to grab for anything but the momentum of his mistake swung him completely off balance and his hand stripped the bark off the branch. He came crashing down, hitting almost every branch on his way. Finally he reached the ground, hitting it rather hard. Dirt rustled up on impact and stole away any chance of him keeping his clothes clean.
“That was not so impressive,” Healey commented fairly. He wasn’t trying to be mean, he was just an honest person.
Finally Stewart’s belly-aching laughter sounded through his breathlessness. He was holding his stomach, trying to regain himself. Adam staggered off the ground, leaning on the tree for support. The look of pain on his face caused another bout of Stewart’s laughter.
“You are the only one laughing,” Adam accused and it was the truth. Healey was a rather serious person and Micah was just grumpy of late, probably something to do with not seeing Taru.
“Sorry.” Stewart tried to apologise through his laughter but it was useless.
“There is someone else out here,” Adam said as he brushed himself off as much as he could.
“Who is it?” Micah asked, looking around suddenly more interested.
“It is not who you hope it is,” Adam informed, knowing that Micah was thinking of Taru. “I think it is a tracker.”
“A tracker?” Stewart asked, sobering up quickly. He listened for a moment but could hear nothing.
“I think being above the trees helped me hear it,” Adam explained, seeing Stewarts doubt. “I think it was Eli.”
Stewart thought for a moment, what would Eli be doing out here? There was literally nothing but forest.
“Keep heading to the institution, I will go see who it is,” Stewart instructed.
“Would you like me to come with you?” Adam asked. Stewart hid his smile.
“I should be fine.” He would rather Adam stay away because he could be killed by a tracker, whereas he could not be.
Stewart gave Adam an encouraging slap on the back, dislodging dust from his shirt. Stewart gave an exaggerated cough and Adam shoved him to get going. A small laugh trailed after Stewart as he left the group.
“Would you like to ride the horse after your fall?” Healey offered in all sincerity. This earned a laugh from Micah.
“No, thank you,” Adam refused as politely as possible. And they were on their way once again.
Stewart ran through the trees in the direction Adam had pointed as silently as he could. He searched for any noises he might hear. He was about to give in when, off in the distance, he heard a faint sound. Footsteps of someone running and they were running fast. Another moment and Stewart was off, running towards the noise. As he got closer he slowed down so he could be quieter. He approached stealthily, warily. Whoever it was had stopped running.
Through the trees he could see a figure. It was Eli, he was marking a tree with a knife. From his surprise, Stewart lost his concentration and when he took his next step he accidently snapped a twig beneath his foot. That was all it took, Eli looked around and spotted him.
“Eli, what are you doing?” He asked, seeing no use in pretending like it wasn’t awkward.
Eli moved to try and block the tree he had just been marking. He had been carving something into it.
“I could ask you the same thing,” Eli rebuffed. Stewart saw the glint of something in Eli’s other hand, it was a dagger. Stewart eyed it then looked at Eli.
Why would he try and attack him? He knew he couldn’t win. Maybe he was trying to distract him from whatever it was he was doing over there?
Before Stewart had time to figure it out Eli threw the dagger and it stuck into the tree next to Stewart. He couldn’t believe it, the fool was attacking him. As Stewart stood there looking at the dagger Eli came upon him. Stewart went to grab the dagger from the tree but Eli already had it in his hand, freeing it from the wood. Then Eli was attacking him. He put his dagger away but was giving Stewart a reasonable fight.
When Stewart had time to regroup from the surprise of it he started fighting back. But how much was he meant to fight back? What would Baden want him to do? Where was the fight going end?
“Eli, I do not want to fight you,” Stewart said as he fought. It wasn’t so much fighting as it was trying to restrain Eli.
Stewart copped a few punches to the face and ribs but he managed to fend off most of them. When it was starting to annoy him he let out some of his anger and smashed Eli right in the face with his fist.
Eli fell to the ground hard. He sat up and touched his lips then looked at his fingers. Blood. He looked up at Stewart as if he had gone too far.
“Eli, you are being ridiculous.” He tried to reason with him but Eli was having none of it.
He jumped up and lunged at Stewart, tackling him to the ground. It probably wouldn’t have been so bad except they were at the edge of a ravine. They tumbled down, gaining speed quickly as they narrowly missed hitting trees on their way down. Still, Eli tried to attack Stewart as they fell. When they hit the bottom of the chasm Stewart restrained Eli easily.
“Enough!” Stewart yelled and it echoed through the trees. Eli lay, pinned under Stewart’s strength. “I will just leave. We do not have to do this. Continue with your mysterious tree markings.”
Stewart stood up, shoving Eli roughly as he did. Eli spat off to the side to empty his mouth of blood.
“You have problems,” Stewart called over his shoulder as he left. He ran up the side of the deep slope and away from Eli, thinking he understood more clearly why Baden hated his brother. He made his way back to the track, where the others would be.
“Did you find anything?” Adam asked when they were joined by Stewart again. He noticed that Stewart’s clothing looked a little disheveled.
Stewart quickly recounted the story to the group and everyone came up blank. They had no idea what was going on so they decided not to worry about it at the moment. They already had enough to deal with.
“We should let Healey rest,” Adam suggested as they came up to a tavern.
They all went in and forgot about Eli, not realising that what he was planning was going to affect all of them, especially Baden.

CHAPTER 37:

Stewart and the others rose early the next day so they could get to the institution quicker. By midday they had arrived and were making their way to Martha and Everard’s room, as Amaury had not come to greet them. This seemed odd to Stewart but he soon forgot his thoughts when he came upon Martha and Everard’s room.
He heard a voice that he recognised but surely it couldn’t be. He turned to Adam and Micah who looked rather puzzled themselves, Healey had no idea what was going on. So they went into the room to find Martha and Everard standing next to the bed, Baden pacing the room and Jory sitting on the bed, legs up looking more relaxed than the others.
“Jory?” Adam said in astonishment as he pushed past the others. Stewart and Micah remained silent, standing there staring in disbelief. Healey walked in and stood respectfully, waiting to be introduced.
“Is this Healey?” Everard asked Baden. They had already discussed everything that had taken place in the past few months and they were up to date.
“Yes, this is Healey,” Baden said sounding a little defeated. “Healey, this is Martha, Everard and…Jory,” he introduced as he pointed them out one by one. On Jory’s name Baden’s voice became notably sour.
“What is going on?” Stewart finally found his voice.
“How is he alive?” Micah chimed in.
“Shhh…” Martha scolded as she walked over and shut the newly replaced door. There was so much going on Martha and Everard had forgotten their complete abhorrence of Micah for the time being. “No one here knows what has happened except for Amaury.”
“And where is Amaury?” Adam asked.
“He left a week ago on a personal matter,” Everard explained vaguely.
“Personal? Since when does Amaury have ‘personal matters’?” Micah scoffed.
“What does it matter?! All I am concerned about is when he will return!” Baden commented as he sank into the nearest chair. He wasn’t sure how much more of this he could take.
Everyone went silent as they knew Amaury might be the only one who could locate Annie.
“Would someone like to tell us what is going on?” Micah asked. He was still astounded that Jory was alive.
So Martha and Everard told them about what Taru had done for them. Of course, they only alluded to the fact it was her because they knew Healey was not meant to know. They explained that they kept it a secret because they were not sure what would happen if Taru found out that Jory had actually survived, let alone this Jiel character they had been warned about.
“So she saved him?” Micah whispered under his breath. He was proud of her. Everyone heard his words except for Healey. No one knew what this meant, why on earth would Taru save Jory?
Baden was all too fearful as to why. She had made it clear that she thought Baden was not good enough for Annie and that Jory was. But why would she care about who Annie loved?
“Can everyone leave?” Baden suddenly blurted out as he stood abruptly out of his seat. “I need to speak with Jory.” Everyone looked at each other silently. Was it safe to leave Jory alone with Baden? “If I wanted to kill him do you think any of you would be able to stop me?” He reasoned, reading their unspoken question. This did nothing to soothe the fears of the others.
“It is fine,” Jory assured them from his place on the bed.
Hesitantly they all left. Martha and Everard had a concerned look on their faces as they left but it was true, they could do nothing to stop Baden if he truly wanted to kill him. When the door was closed and the two were left alone, Baden took his seat and waited. Jory sat there fiddling with his hands.
What Baden was about to do was the most selfless thing he had ever contemplated doing. He took a moment to prepare himself for what might soon be his reality.
“If it is better for her…” Baden started but had to stop. He could hardly think the words let alone say them so he waited another moment. “If she wants you…I will not stand in your way.” Baden couldn’t look at Jory when he said the words, and he knew he wouldn’t be able to say anything else without losing his composure, so he went silent.
The room remained silent as Jory thought about the opportunity he had been given. If Annie still had feelings for him then he would be allowed to pursue her, without hindrances. And the temptation grew in him to abandon his carefully thought out plan for what he really wanted, his life with Annie. Him being able to love her and hold her because she would be his.
Jory looked over at Baden who was now watching him closely, as if he could read the thoughts running through his mind. Jory swallowed hard from guilt and looked away from Baden, not because his gaze was challenging but because his look was vulnerable. It looked like Baden would do anything to ensure that Annie was happy, even if that meant his own misery.
Then Jory remembered Annie’s eyes. He remembered how they lit up with a whole new life when she looked at Baden and that no matter how much she might care for someone else, she would always care for Baden more. Who would he be if he tried to take that away from her?
“I think we should just continue with the plan,” Jory decided.
“You truly believe that she will not be able to tell you are lying?” Baden asked, thinking Jory’s plan was stupid.
“Do you have a better idea?” Jory asked harshly. “Besides, I will make it compelling.”
“She knows you, Jory,” Baden said stridently. He wasn’t so much angry at the plan than at himself for pushing Annie away so she had become close to Jory.
“She wants you, Baden.” Jory sounded regretful at the truth he spoke. “There is no use trying to convince her otherwise. She is yours and you are hers so I am not going to bother trying.”
“So you will lie?” Baden clarified. “You will act as if you cannot remember and never wanted her like you did? Or like you still do.” Baden’s teeth gritted on the last words, he found it hard to merely refer to their close bond.
“Yes, that is exactly what I will do,” Jory answered stubbornly.
“And you want me to lie also? You want me to deceive her?” Baden sounded uncomfortable with the notion. This deal Jory wanted to strike up with him seemed stupid.
“It is for the best.” Jory knew he was going to have trouble convincing Baden but he was up for the challenge.
Baden took a moment before he responded. Moving forward on the chair he leaned closer and looked at Jory carefully.
“I will agree on one condition…” Baden paused. “Keep in mind that I can smell the truth on souls and will be able to tell if you are lying.” He waited to see that Jory fully understood what he was saying, which he did. “I will agree to go along with your plan if you tell me what happened between you and Annie.”
“What?” Jory asked. He wasn’t exactly sure what Baden meant but he had a feeling that this wasn’t going to be good.
“For the time that I refused Annie, when I was stuck in that place, and she was free to do as she pleased, did anything transpire between you…romantically?” Baden clarified.
Jory’s face dropped when he thought of the answer. Baden would kill him if he knew anything.
“No answer, no deal,” Baden reminded. He knew there was something because Jory’s heartbeat picked up and he started fiddling with anything and everything he could get his hands on within reach.
“Well…” Jory couldn’t believe he was about to say this to the most dangerous snatcher in existence but there was probably no use in denying it now. It was obvious he was nervous. “Nothing irredeemable.”
“And what exactly was this, apparently redeemable, act?” Baden’s hand tightened on the arm of the chair.
“Annie was feeling rather low at one stage…about you…and…” Jory was trying to find the best way to say it. “We both had a little too much to drink and…we ended up in a room on a bed…and she…”
“What?” Baden yelled when Jory paused for too long.
“We almost…” Jory didn’t want to say it. It felt like it would make it worse if he said the word. “But it did not happen. Nothing happened.”
“Nothing?” Baden asked trying to feel his way through Jory’s words.
“Well…we kissed for a while before things slowed down…” Jory looked off to the side awkwardly.
Baden sat there trying to hold back his rage. He thought about his own moments with Annie when they had almost succumbed to their desires and it was too much. He couldn’t bear the thought of Annie having such an intimate moment with someone else. He stood up, grabbed the chair he was sitting on and threw it out the nearest window. It shattered the glass and crashed down onto the ground outside.
Everyone who was in the courtyard paused what they were doing to stare at the chair and the window, shocked at the sudden disturbance.
Jory was on his feet immediately as Baden raged. He knew he shouldn’t fight him, that would just be stupid. He would just have to take whatever he was dealt.
Baden stood there looking at the window he just destroyed wishing he had thrown Jory out of it. He slowly turned to Jory with murderous eyes. Baden thought about killing him, even imagined how good it would feel to steal the life from him. He wanted to and it was almost impossible to hold himself back from hurting Jory but there was one thing that held him back. The only thing that could ever hold him back and that was Annie. The thought of how much it would hurt her to know she had Jory back from the grave then lost him again because of him.
“I will not tell her of your plan but I will not lie for you either so you best do a good job of convincing her yourself.” Baden’s voice was like steel as it came out.
When he had nothing left to say he stormed out, slamming the new door shut behind him. The door split up the middle from the force of Baden’s arm.
Jory stood there in shock, he could have just died then and there would have been nothing he could do about it.
The whole messy situation was balancing on a tinny thread. The question was, how long before it broke?

CHAPTER 38:

Days passed and still no sign of Amaury. Baden was so close to losing it and killing everyone he could get his hands on but the only thing that stopped him was the thought of Annie.
At this point anything anyone did annoyed him, he started to feel like it was everyone’s fault that Annie was still missing. He felt like they didn’t care as much as he did, that they should care more. Inside it felt like his soul was beginning to wither away and fade in the absence of Annie. He would sit back in silence when everyone was gathered together and watch them. They would laugh and talk, only sometimes would they seem worried and it made Baden want to set them all on fire.
It’s not that the others didn’t care, quite the opposite really, but they knew that sitting around letting the fear consume them wasn’t going to make it any easier for them. So they enjoyed their time as much as they could because that’s what Annie would want them to do. But Baden, he had no room to laugh or feel any emotion other than pain as he waited for Amaury to return. Waiting for a possible answer that might help him find Annie.
Sometimes Baden would have to get away from them, far away from others just to make sure he didn’t hurt them. He never told anyone where he was going or if he would return. Whenever he made his way through the institution to leave on one of his escapes, everyone would gawk at him in awe. He could feel their wonder and fear as he walked past them and it made him feel isolated from everyone. That feeling was soon replaced with anger, as most of his feelings were. He hated that people feared him, he wanted everyone to just ignore him but they didn’t and they probably never would.
The only person who had never made him feel like a fiend was Annie, even though he was one. When he first saw her in the market, speaking with Eli, he had sought her out because he could feel her soul from miles away. Further than he had ever felt anyone’s. He followed the scent, the uniqueness her soul emitted. It drew him to where she was and then he watched her.
Most people’s souls only produced a smell, some people’s soul smelled like rotting carcasses because they were deplorable. Some smelled like things from nature, like the earth or animals, but most just smelled like hatred and bitterness. He had come across every smell there was and they all started to repeat, there was no soul that was unlike another that he had found and he hated the smell of every one of them. He was able to see the souls that had visual aspects to them, these were usually the people with overbearing personalities. Snatchers were easier to see but eventually he refused to even look at them because it was too suffocating, it felt like he was being strangled by the sight of their souls and their wickedness.
But Annie was different. Her soul didn’t just have its own unique smell, which reminded him of freshly fallen rain on a grassy field at the end of a hot summer afternoon. No one else had ever smelled like her. But her soul was also accompanied by every lovely scent there was; flowers, fresh air, goodness itself and everything beautiful you could think of. Her soul gave off waves of peacefulness, a feeling he had not felt in all his life, even when he had been a tracker. He could feel it touch his skin when she was near and it tingled all over him.
When he was kissing her he could taste her soul, it was in her blood too and it tasted like vanilla and cream. He could hear it also, when she laughed it would echo through her soul and when she smiled it would purr. But when she was crying or in pain it would feel cold and like broken pieces of glass cutting into him and it would burden him. In those moments he would do everything he could to comfort her and restore her soul again.
And oh how he could see it. He thought he had lost his mind when he first laid eyes on her but then he realised he was seeing her soul. It gave her skin a subtle, sunny glow that only he could see and it made the golden hazel of her eyes bright with joy. All together he could sum up her soul in two words, his hope.
When he was first turned he had smelled others souls immediately, some snatchers never developed the attribute and if they did it was only to a certain degree. However he could smell and feel everyone’s. His sense to detect lies and truth, loyalty and trust helped to develop his hatred of the human race. There was no one he came across who he admired. He found not one soul, in his opinion, worthy of saving until he had found Annie. Even the souls of people who weren’t completely wretched were nothing compared to hers.
And when he did find her, he started to see past the imperfections of others and sense that there was some good in them, even if it was very small. It was like her goodness was seeping into him and was changing him. That is when he had decided to leave, he was afraid of Annie and what she made him feel. But then he came across her in the graveyard and so the story goes.
The problem was, Annie was the only vulnerable part of Baden and that put her in danger constantly. And now she was missing because of the things he had done in his past.
Baden ran through the trees to try and clear his mind. How could there not be a solution? Was this it? Was Annie going to be trapped with Oliver for the rest of her existence? He froze when his next thought came to mind. He stood and looked around the forest as he tried to contain his rage.
What if Oliver had changed her? The thought of his bane running through Annie made Baden sick. He didn’t have time to think of anything else because he heard someone approaching.
“What do you want, Jory?” Baden said not even bothering to turn around and look at him. Baden hadn’t been running as fast as he could which was the only reason why Jory could catch up to him.
Jory walked slowly up to Baden and stood a few feet away. When he remained silent Baden turned around and stared at him.
“I know what it is like to lose her,” Jory confessed. “I have been hidden for months thinking of her every day. Knowing she has been with you.” He couldn’t quite hide the disgust from his voice.
“And has time made it easier?” Baden asked knowing Jory’s answer wasn’t going to help.
“No.” It was said bluntly but Baden didn’t care.
He looked to the ground feeling defeated for the millionth time that day. He looked at it but never really saw it, as he hadn’t with most everything since Annie was taken.
“But we will find her,” Jory promised. Baden looked up at him and could feel the determination in Jory. “None of us will rest until we find her Baden because she is a part of all of us. It is not just you who has lost someone they love.”
For a moment Baden felt ashamed, he had discounted everyone else’s feeling and placed his paramount. He knew he felt the loss of Annie more potently than the others but they were hurting too. Just remembering back to when Jory had found out about Annie being taken and that he had been lied to by Martha and Everard was enough to prove his words. Baden nodded, acknowledging what Jory had said.
“Anything else?” Baden wasn’t intending to sound rude but he wanted to be alone.
“Yes, I thought you would like to know that Amaury has returned.” As soon as the words were out of Jory’s mouth Baden was running.
Jory was left far behind as Baden ran to the institution. He made it through the doors faster than they could be opened completely and was in Amaury’s chambers even faster.
He stopped when he saw everyone was already in there. Martha and Everard stood at the desk addressing Amaury, Stewart stood with Healey to the back of the room and Adam and Micah stood off to the side near the fireplace.
“How lovely of you to join us,” Amaury said sarcastically as he stood from behind the desk and walked to the middle of the room.
Baden didn’t miss the evil glare Amaury gave to Healey and noted that Stewart was standing in front Healey protectively. He guessed that everyone had cottoned onto the fact that Amaury had feelings for Taru and therefore did not like Healey in the slightest.
“Where is she?” Baden’s words were blunt, cutting off any chance at fake pleasantries.
“Which ‘she’ do you refer to?” Amaury asked to be annoying.
“We have already asked Baden,” Martha interjected. “He does not know where Annie is or...” Martha glanced at Healey. “Or anyone else,” she said as discreetly as possible.
They all knew Healey only ever knew Taru as Mary but they always avoided ever saying her name when he was around in case one day there was a slip up and he could connect the pieces somehow. Needless to say, Healey was usually quite confused when they danced around using her name, he just knew there was some nameless being out there causing trouble.
“Then where is Oliver?” Baden moved closer to Amaury and it wiped the smile off the older man’s face.
“That is a stupid question, even for you.” Amaury tried to keep his fear hidden. “I have not spoken to Oliver in quite some time.”
“Do you know where all of his castles are?” Baden folded his arms across his chest to try and stop himself from killing Amaury.
“I am afraid I do not. I was under the impression that…someone else you were looking for was the only one who knew that.” Amaury complied with Martha’s wish for delicacy, he had agreed to keep his silence about Taru before Healey was brought into the room.
Baden could feel the truth in Amaury’s words and he felt the hope drain away from him. Suddenly Jory came in and prevented the silence turning awkward.
“Well she does not know!” Baden yelled.
“How on earth do you know that?” Amaury started to feel uncomfortable so he meandered away, back to his desk to distance himself from Baden.
“She told me.” Baden stormed past Martha and Everard up to the desk. He stood there piercing Amaury with his gaze.
Amaury burst into laughter and it caused Baden to lose it. He smashed the desk with his fist and it split in two, leaving Amaury exposed. He stood, enraged that his belongings had been destroyed.
“Why on earth would she tell you the truth, Baden?” He reasoned. “You are a fool for believing her.”
“He could sense that she was telling the truth!” Adam said defensively as he pushed away from the wall he was leaning on.
“Because Baden would really be capable of sensing whether the first was deceiving him or not, no one could do that no matter how skilled they were!” Amaury’s voice showed that he thought Adam was being childish and though Baden was capable of many things, the first snatcher would always be superior to him in every way.
“He cannot only do that but he can kill her also!” Adam retorted before anyone could stop him.
Baden closed his eyes in frustration, he didn’t want everyone to know what he was capable of. Micah grabbed Adam and pulled him back to the wall with him.
The room went silent as Amaury took in Adam’s words. He looked to Baden and waited for him to deny it but he didn’t.
“Is she dead?” Amaury asked as he fell back into his chair. He sounded desperate.
“No but she will be as soon as I find her again,” Baden said. “Now you will help us find Annie.”
“I have had nothing to do with Oliver for decades and would be of no use to you,” Amaury refused. He wanted Baden out of the institution and away from him.
Baden was about to force Amaury to help but what would be the use? He knew nothing and if Baden was around him much longer then he would probably just kill him. Suddenly another thought came to mind that he decided would be best to look into.
“Where have you been these last few days, Amaury?” Baden asked suspiciously. Amaury’s face dropped as he knew that he couldn’t lie to Baden because he would be able to tell.
“I will tell you but you have to tell everyone else to leave,” Amaury bargained.
Baden looked around to everyone and they slowly started making their way out the door. When the room was clear and Baden could hear that they were far enough away he turned back to Amaury.
“I will only tell you if you swear not to reveal this to anyone else,” Amaury said.
“I might tell Annie,” Baden informed. “But I will keep it from others.” Amaury rolled his eyes.
“Agreed!” He stood and moved away from his demolished desk. “No one knows this, Baden. Not even Taru.”
Baden was starting to wonder if he even wanted to know but he had to. What if there was something in the information he could use?
“When I was still human, I fathered a child,” Amaury confessed.
Baden was not expecting that and when the words were said it took a moment to comprehend them. Amaury had now taken a seat, seeming exhausted from life.
“And…” Baden said when he had recovered from the surprise.
“She has passed away, as that is what humans do, but she has left a long trail of descendants in her wake.” Amaury seemed remote as he spoke.
“And that is a problem?” Baden wondered.
“Yes, it is. They are nothing but a vulnerability. Anyone who finds them may try to use them against me and I cannot risk that. Look at yourself!” Amaury exclaimed. “You are left just as vulnerable as your human counterpart.” Baden tried to stop the ache in his heart to no avail.
“What does this have to do with your absence?” Baden didn’t understand.
“I seek out these weaknesses and I dispose of them.” Amaury’s words were clinical and unemotional.
“You kill them?” Baden clarified, he was sickened by his actions.
“Do not stand there and judge me, Baden.” Amaury stood to his feet, indignant.
Before Baden said another word he realised that he couldn’t judge him, even though he disagreed with his actions now, Baden himself had once been that monster.
“Why not just change them?” Baden reasoned.
“Because there are still ways for them to be used against me even if they are snatchers, they can still be killed…among other things. The best thing for them is to end it before anything can happen.” The excuse sounded strained and there was only a partial truth to it but it was true enough.
“You mean it is the best thing for you, Amaury.” Baden didn’t want to be there anymore. He was wasting his time. “I am leaving and hopefully I will never have to see you again.” With that Baden left.
Amaury stood there relived that he was left alone. He thought that Baden would pick up on his lie of omission but he must have been too distracted by his own grief. It was true, in his absences he was out finding and eliminating any descendants linked to him and the reason was because they could be used against him. So he hadn’t really lied but there was a particular reason that they left him vulnerable, one that Taru had informed him of many years ago and one that he had deliberately left out. One that he wasn’t about to reveal to Baden because the information was too potent.
Baden told the others that he was going back to the manor and they wanted to go with him.
“Fine,” he said. “But I am leaving now. Someone has to travel with Healey.” Baden left after his blunt words. He had hoped that Amaury would have been able to help him but he was no closer to finding Annie.
Martha and Everard agreed to travel with Healey. Regardless of Martha and Everard’s pleas with Jory to remain at the institution he refused, he was sick of hiding. With promises to be careful he left with the other boys, much to the dismay of Everard and Martha.
So everyone travelled back home, trying not to lose their hope entirely.

CHAPTER 39:
FEBRUARY 1806

Eli snuck through the night as quickly as he could. He followed the tree markings that he had placed so he wouldn’t get lost. He held the reins as he ran alongside his horse, choosing not to ride because he didn’t want to tire it out. It was going to do a lot of running very shortly.
The night sky was cloudy, leaving the earth drenched in darkness but he could still see. It was difficult at times but he managed. He wore tight leather pants and only a shirt and vest, so his clothes wouldn’t get in the way. His clothes were all black so he could blend in more, making sure he wore a black hood to cover his identity.
He and his horse made a steady pace, his feet and the hooves brushing through the fallen leaves of the forest were the only sounds made by their presence. The wind that blew covered the sound of the footsteps enough so it wouldn’t be detected by anyone. Unless Baden was around, which he highly doubted.
He had argued with the other trackers to let him go. They said it was too dangerous but he had argued vehemently, as if his life depended on it. And to him it did because her life was his life. The trackers had insisted that they send more than just him but again he refused, it would be better if it was just him. He could get in and out quickly, without being noticed. Well, that was the plan. He was annoyed that he had to wait so long, the trackers said they would discreetly inspect the castle as best they could before they let one of their own in. His relief knew no bounds when they had said he could go.
The horse was trained to remain quiet and it knew the way to safety even in the dark, Eli had trained it well. His palms were getting sweaty as he got closer to the castle. It wouldn’t be long now, in fact it should be right…as the thought came to his mind the castle appeared off in the distance. Small lights flickered through the windows. Eli snuck a bit further and tied the horse to a tree, as close as he could get without being noticed. The wind had picked up even more so he would have to make sure he was careful where he stood, otherwise he would be detected easily by his scent.
Once the horse was tied Eli made his way around to the back of the castle. He was simply avoiding the snatchers that were guarding the boundary of the castle, killing them would expose him. When he made it around the back he waited until a snatcher circled around and went out of sight. He knew he only had a few minutes until the next snatcher would be around. The door to underneath the castle was flat on the ground and covered in leaves. He bent down on his knees and slowly sunk his hands into the fallen, dead leaves and moved them around. As he searched for the handle as quietly as he could he heard another snatcher making his way around the back.
Trying not to panic as he quickened his search he internally debated if it would be better to go back to the trees and wait or keep going. Just before he decided for the trees he felt the handle. It was too late, the snatcher was too close so he ran back to the trees and waited. It felt like an eternity passed before the snatcher finally walked around the corner and disappeared. Sneaking back he opened the door quickly, stepped down into the darkness and lowered the door silently. Hopefully he could get the job done before another snatcher noticed the door was now exposed.
Making his way through the dark he found what he was looking for quickly. The numerous barrels of accelerant used for lanterns, he was going to light them on fire. The storage room was full with more barrels than a usual manor because it was one of Oliver’s more exclusive castles and he kept it well stocked. From what Eli and the other trackers had scoped out, Annie’s room was on the opposite side to the cellar so she would be safe from the blast.
His plan was to set them alight, get out before they blew and once they had done their damage go for Annie because the snatchers would be trying to put out the fire. The trackers had been worried about Oliver’s presence but he had been missing for a few days now, as if something had spooked him.
Eli went straight to work, he pulled out the long rope he had, opened a barrel and dipped the rope into it. He wore gloves for this part. Pulling the barrel closer to the stairs he poured it all over the floor as he stood on the bottom step, avoiding becoming drenched in it himself. When the liquid had seeped over the whole floor and around the other barrels he threw one end of the rope into the liquid and unrolled it as he made his way to the door.
Pushing the door open just a crack and peeking out he could see that the coast was clear so the pushed the door completely open and stepped out. He laid the rope down, pulled his gloves off and threw them back into the cellar. He lit the rope as quickly as he could with his flint and had to jump back as the rope caught fire quickly. He ran for the trees and whilst hidden in the forest, started making his way around the castle.
He was well on the other side when an almighty explosion lit up the dark night and blew up half of the castle. The earth shook beneath him and he found himself ducking for cover as huge blocks of the castle starting falling from the sky.
“Shite!” Eli swore as he ran for cover from the accidental onslaught. He had not expected it to be such a big explosion.
Annie was sitting in Oliver’s room where she was now located. He had left her there after Nathaniel died but he did not come and see her. She was still fed and looked after but she had no idea where Oliver was, in fact she had no idea where anyone she knew was. She had never felt so alone and helpless in her life.
She chose to wear her training gear every night because she felt like it protected her more. If Oliver, or anyone, tried to come in and force themselves on her she thought the pants would be more difficult to manage. She hated even having to think of ways to try and protect herself, it made her sick with worry.
As she sat there wallowing in her misery there was a terrifying noise then the whole castle shook. Annie screamed in terror as dust fell from the roof. She ran to the door and started banging against it to be let out. After the trembling stopped she noticed that stones the door was attached to were cracked. Looking around the dimly lit room she grabbed the nearest chair and started banging it as hard as she could against the door. The chair was a plain wooden chair and with each hit it started to break but it managed to dislodge the door enough so she could push it off its hinges. Why Oliver even had such an understated chair in his room was beyond her but she was grateful for it.
The door was cocked half opened so she squeezed through it as quickly as she could. When she was free she looked around to find the castle empty. She heard men yelling outside and she ran to the nearest window. She stuck her head out as far as she could, all she managed to see were snatchers running towards flames. Seeing this as her only opportunity to escape she ran down the stairs and to the door. The castle was deserted, every snatcher was trying to fend off the flames.
Annie tried not to let her hopes get too high as she pulled open the heavy entrance and made her way out outside. She had forgotten to put her shoes on during the commotion but she didn’t care, there was no time to go back.
As soon as she was free she was accosted by billowing smoke from the wreckage. She began coughing instantly and tried to cover her mouth as best she could with the collar of her shirt. Her eyes stung and watered, not that it mattered because it was almost too dark to see anyway. She tried to keep out of the light the flames cast so no one would see her easily.
Just as she was about to blindly run off into the night she spotted a horse in the light of the flames. It didn’t seem spooked by the flames or the chaos, it just stood there nobly. She looked around and decided that a horse was the only real chance she was going to have to get away.
Ever so discreetly she made her way over to the horse and untied it. She continuously scanned around her to see if anyone had noticed her. When the horse was free her heart started beating fast. This was it, she was going to make it. She was going to get away from this horrible castle. She jumped atop the horse as quickly as she could and kicked it into motion.
As she rode the horse dodged the trees that she could barely see, she was starting to regret encouraging it to run so fast into a black forest. She did have one comfort, the horse felt familiar in its own way. She wasn’t quite sure but she thought she may have actually ridden this horse before.
Annie didn’t have time to think about it too much because she looked around to take one last glance back at the castle and saw something alarming. Against the background of the flames a silhouette made its way to her at an alarming rate. She kicked the horse again and it went even faster, dodging the trees skillfully.
She refused to let her pursuer catch her, she was too close to freedom to give up.
“Come on!” She yelled to the horse as the flames of the castle fell away and she was speeding through the forest.
The wind was still howling and it had cleared the night sky so she was able to see a little better. She held onto the reins for dear life and sat low to the horse, her hair whipping wildly behind her. She dug her knees into the saddle as she braced herself for the speed of the horse. She could hardly breathe because the wind was blowing so hard into her face. The adrenaline made her hands feel shaky but she still managed to hold on tight to the leather reins. When she felt the horse flagging she would give it a little encouragement with her foot and it would regain some fervor.
But it wouldn’t be enough and Annie panicked. The thing chasing her had endless reserves of strength whereas this horse was merely an animal. She had to do something else to keep hold of her freedom. Pulling one side of the reins she veered the horse off to the left and deeper into the forest. There was less of a path there but she could faintly see some thick growth she might be able to use to hide her and come out behind her pursuer, hopefully leaving them none the wiser.
Keeping her head low she glanced behind her to try and see her trailer but the landscape looked empty of everything but trees. She wasn’t stupid enough to stop so she would stick to her plan. As she turned around to look ahead she saw a figure in front of her. Pulling the horse quickly off to her right she went the opposite way she intended to get away from them. How had they gotten ahead of her?
Even though the wind was blowing she could hear them gaining on her, they must have been close. She didn’t dare to look around for fear it might slow her down. As the horse was just about to make it back onto the dirt path she felt whoever it was chasing her jump on the back of the horse. He moved into the saddle with her and grabbed her around the waist.
“No!” Annie screamed into the night where her words were swallowed up by the empty wind.
She pulled the reins hard as she tried to fight off her attacker. The horse reared on hind legs and threw them both to the ground. She threw her weight on top of him, not that it would be enough, and managed to hit him in the face with her elbow.
“Ugh,” he grunted when his back hit the ground.
The horse toppled over next to them, only just missing landing right on top of them. It regained its footing easily and stood there, waiting for its next command. It was a well-trained steed, one of the best the trackers had.
In his pain he let her go and she rolled off and ran after the horse. To her surprise the horse was just waiting for her so she grabbed the reins and jumped back up. Just as she was about to kick the horse back into motion she paused when she heard her name.
“Annie,” Eli grunted as he stumbled off the ground and to his feet. He was holding his lip where she had hit him.
“Eli?” Annie was astonished as she tried to see clearly see through the night.
“Get down from there, let me see if you are hurt,” he demanded. His voice was husky from exhaustion. He spat blood from his busted lip off to the side as Annie scrambled down and ran to him.
“Eli!” She screamed his name in relief and threw her arms around his neck.
She burst into tears as she realised she was safe and with someone she trusted. He gratefully wrapped his arms around her and held her as she cried.
“I can see my training paid off,” he joked. “If you had not realised who I was you would have gotten away.”
“Oh Eli, I am so sorry,” she said, pulling her head back to see if he was okay.
“I am fine,” he assured. “What about you? What have you gone through?” His voice was full of worry as he searched her face.
“Me? Other than the fact he was holding me captive, Oliver was the perfect gentleman.” She was about to tell him about Nathanial but she couldn’t bring herself to think about it.
Eli was perplexed by her words and stood there silently for a moment. It was long enough for Annie to realise that it was only Eli who had come for her.
“Where is Baden?” Annie asked. She was scared of what the answer might be as to why Baden didn’t come for her. Eli looked at her, baffled for a moment.
“Baden,” he repeated. He hadn’t come because of him.
The longer it took for Eli to answer the more worried Annie became. She stepped out of his arms and started to piece it all together. The guilty look on his face was enough to convict him.
“You,” she accused. “You did not tell him where I was, did you?” Annie had never felt more betrayed and by Eli, yet again! She stormed off towards the horse.
“What are you doing?” Eli asked, panicked as he went after her. She mounted the horse but he stood in her way, holding the horses bridle.
“I am leaving!” She yelled down at him.
“You cannot leave by yourself!” He had really done it this time.
“What did you think, Eli? That I would throw myself at you for rescuing me? Your plan sounds as insane as Micah’s had been,” She said referring to when Micah had tried to use the same tactic for different reasons. She tried to pull the horse away from his grasp but he held on.
“I am sorry, Annie,” he pleaded.
“Sorry?” She screamed. “How many times can one man be sorry in his lifetime? No! Sorry means that you rectify your mistakes but you, Eli Brighton, do nothing but continue to betray myself and your brother for your own selfish purposes,” she spat the words in anger. “I could have died because of your pride!”
“Annie, wait.” Eli was panicking. There was nothing he could say to calm her down because he had done exactly what she accused him off.
“No, Eli. This is too much now! I cannot take it anymore. I cannot take you anymore!” They both froze after she said the words.
“Annie,” he whispered her name as tears welled in his eyes.
“Goodbye, Eli.” With that Annie pulled the horse away from Eli and he let it go. She trotted off onto the path and away from him. She never wanted to see him again.
He stood there a moment feeling gutted by her words. She couldn’t stand him and it was entirely his fault. He was about to leave to go back home but then he thought about Annie’s journey home. It was at least a three day ride back to Martha’s manor and Annie was all alone. Letting go of his hurt he followed at a distance that she wouldn’t detect to ensure she would get home safe. It was the least he could do for her, for the one he loved.

CHAPTER 40:

Meanwhile, as soon as the others made it home that same night Baden had gathered them together in the library. Healey was absent as he was asleep upstairs, exhausted from the long trip.
“We need to find Taru again,” Baden announced. Everyone looked around at each other silently, reluctant to agree or disagree. “You all can either help me or I can do this alone.”
Baden was dressed ready for action in all black, including a leather vest to keep his shirt tight and out of the way. His black boots were tied up to his calf, looking sleek and he ready for anything.
“I will help,” Stewart declared.
“As will I,” Adam agreed.
“I think we all will help but I have one request,” Martha chimed in softly. Everyone looked at her expectantly. “I would like Jory to remain at the house with Healey.”
“Why?” Jory argued before anyone could agree.
“Because, Jory. We would like you to remain unknown to Taru for as long as possible and especially away from this Jiel fellow. Besides,” she continued quickly before he could speak. “We need someone to stay with Healey anyway.”
Jory looked around at the others and he could see he would find no help there.
“Fine!” He yelled angrily, huffing his way over to the nearest seat and throwing himself onto it.
“Now that we have that sorted,” Baden said hiding the satisfied smile from his face. “The pairs will be; Martha and Everard, Micah and Adam, Stewart and myself.”
Martha and Everard weren’t too impressed with Micah’s presence but they could use all the help they could get and, as much as they didn’t want to admit it, he did seem to be different. He had even come up to them privately and apologised for his past actions. He said he didn’t dare ask for their forgiveness because he knew he didn’t deserve it. He had left after that and they were stunned speechless at his apology. Still, they were wary of him but they tolerated him, which was definitely leaps and bounds away from how they felt about him before.
“So,” Baden said grabbing a map of the surrounding area and spreading it out on the table. “This is where we will start.” Baden started pointing to different parts of the maps and assigning partners to them. “If you find Taru do not try to confine her. I have made sure that you are all within a distance so that I will be able to hear you if you call out to me.”
Everyone looked at the map and did the calculations in their minds.
“Baden, you are saying that you can hear this far away?” Martha asked pointing to the distance between two of the spots on the map. Everyone looked at him thinking surely he was mistaken.
“Yes,” he answered. “It is usually further but I am being cautious.” He didn’t like their surprise and again he was losing his patience with them. They decided to let it drop because there was no use in being shocked, after all this was Baden. “If Stewart and I find her then I will send Stewart to gather you all.”
“When do we leave?” Adam asked memorizing the map.
“Now,” Baden answered. “Gather whatever you will need and go. If no one finds her then we will reconvene at dawn.”
“At least it is something,” Everard commented as he started to leave with Martha. They shot Jory a warning glance and he put his hands up in surrender. Next Micah and Adam left and Baden and Stewart were close behind.
“Looks like it is just me and myself,” Jory said to himself in the empty room.
He made his way up the stairs and was headed to his room when he walked past Annie’s. He paused outside the open door and looked in. Without much thought about it he slowly walked into the room and he could smell her lingering scent. He smiled to himself, he hadn’t smelled her in so long.
He moved over to her dresser, softly touching her brush and hand mirror without picking them up. He knew he missed her but he had spent months pushing it away. Now he was thrown into the thick of it and he knew he loved her just as much as ever.
“Do you miss her?” Healey asked from the door way.
Jory had been so distracted that Healey had managed to sneak up to him. Hiding his surprise Jory turned around and looked at the humble man, he was leaning against the doorframe with a small smile on his face.
“I miss her like the night sky misses the sun,” Jory confessed. Healey nodded knowingly as he thought of his own love.
“How long has it been?” Healey asked as he made his way over and sat on the bed. Jory took a seat at the dresser, secretly comforted that Annie had sat on the same seat.
“A year…” Jory went quiet thinking about her. There was no light on in the room but Healey could still see with help from the moonlight.
“I have heard the story of you and Annie and it is one that baffles me,” Healey mused. “From my understanding you were always set to lose yet you still gave your heart to her.” He wasn’t trying to hurt Jory with his question, he was merely curious.
“Yes, it does seem that way from hindsight.” Jory looked around the room thinking of all the moments he shared with Annie. “I tried not to, you know. I tried not to love her…but it was useless. Even if I had not given my heart she would have stolen it and I would still be left without her, always knowing that she wanted someone else more.”
“That Baden fellow,” Healey clarified. Jory nodded deciding not to talk about the man that haunted him because he had the only thing he ever wanted. “He is quite peculiar. Rather unique from what I have heard.”
“He is that.” Jory found it hard not to verbalise all the things he didn’t like about Baden.
“Quick to anger, solitary, apparently murderous from past accounts,” Healey listed unemotionally. Jory didn’t know what to say so he stayed quiet. “But from what I can tell he loves her more than I have seen anyone love another.” Jory’s heart sank as he accepted the truth in Healey’s words.
“He does.” Jory gave in.
“I can predict what your plan is, young Jory. I know what you are thinking,” Healey said with a knowing smile.
“And what is that?” Jory couldn’t help but smile a little himself.
“The same thing any of us would do in your situation. You will lie to yourself and you will lie to her, leaving the rest of your story untold.” Healey’s voice sounded a little sad when he spoke. “But sometimes it is better that way.”
“That is what I keep telling myself,” Jory said losing his smile.
“I know that there is something about Mary that none of you are telling me.” Healey didn’t sound hurt. “I can tell by the practiced and cautious way you all speak about her when I am around. I decided that I am better off not knowing. I will keep the memories of her, which I hold dear, and accept the censorship I am given by my new friends.”
“You are not curious?” Jory started to like this man very much.
“Heavens above, of course I am!” Jory outright laughed at his statement. “But there are things that are better left unsaid,” he advised gently
Seeing Healey’s point Jory just nodded, accepting that the man’s words were wise.
“Now I am famished! Where, pray tell, will I find food?” Healey declared and Jory jumped up straight away, grateful that the heartfelt topic was over, and started walking out of the room.
“Right this way, Sir!” Jory said playfully as he walked out the door. Healey was soon after him.
Baden and Stewart had been searching and come up short. No one had called out to him so he was presuming they were having no luck either. Stewart slowed from his run then just completely stopped for seemingly no reason.
“What is it?” Baden asked, coming to a stop himself and trying to listen for something he missed.
“Baden, I need to ask you something.” Stewart was being extremely cautious and waited for Baden to focus on him before he continued. “I do not say this to torment you or to anger you and I do not wish this to be the outcome, as I hope for Annie’s rescue earnestly.” Stewart was only saying this because he thought Baden should start preparing for the worst. “What if we never find her?”
Baden stood there frozen. He had been avoiding that question ever since it tried to push its way in. He refused to think of a life without Annie, he refused to think that he was helpless and couldn’t protect her like he had promised her.
“I refuse to talk about it,” Baden said stubbornly.
“I am not asking you to give up, I am just asking if you know what you will do if…” Stewart decided not to finish the sentence. He was worried that Baden might turn back to his old, bitter ways if he lost Annie for good and he wasn’t sure if the world could handle it.
“Do not ask me!” Baden yelled and his voice echoed through the night.
 Silence filled the air until Baden heard Taru approach before she stepped into view.
“That is a question that does not need to be answered,” she said. The men looked at her seeming unfazed by her appearance but inwardly feeling tense. “I know where Annie is being kept.”
“Get the others,” Baden instructed Stewart without taking his eyes off Taru. Stewart shot off into the trees after the others, hoping with everything in him that they weren’t too late to rescue Annie.
“I know why you want her, Taru,” Baden said. “I know what Jiel wants.”
“It does not change anything. Jiel always gets what he wants, with or without me.” She sounded unemotional and cold, she hid her feelings well.
“So you will just give her to him, as if she is something to be bartered?” Baden had to hold back his anger, he couldn’t kill her yet. He would wait until he knew where Annie was.
“I am but another pawn in Jiel’s games,” Taru defended herself. 
“Do not speak!” Baden yelled. “Not another word. This ends tonight.”
Baden couldn’t take anything anymore. If they didn’t get Annie back tonight he didn’t know what he was going to do. All he knew was that they had to get her back.

CHAPTER 41:

Annie had been travelling for days, stopping only to sleep, eat and when nature called. She found food and water in the saddle bags and, instead of taking a stand to not use any more of Eli’s help which included the food he had provided, ignored her stubborn pride in order to survive. She knew Eli was following her but she didn’t care, she didn’t even offer him food or water. On one hand she was grateful for his protection and how prepared he was but that didn’t mean she wanted him in her life and the simple truth was that she didn’t. On the other hand, it annoyed her that he had been meticulous in his preparation, which she knew was completely irrational.
Finally, after days of exhausted travel she saw the manor up ahead and she couldn’t help the tears that came to her eyes. How long she had waited to be home and now it was truly happening. She brought the horse to a stop near the door and slid off. She paused a moment before she looked out to the trees where she knew Eli would be.
“Thank you,” she said clearly and loudly before she walked inside. What kind of person would she be if she couldn’t even thank the one who had helped her?
Eli watched her as she walked inside, feeling that her gratitude had mended his heart somewhat. He took his horse and headed home. And way, deep down in the core of his soul he was so grateful that Annie was safe, even if she did hate him, that he even smiled to himself.
Annie came in to find the manor quiet. She knew it was early in the morning but where was everybody? She was surprised that Baden had not come out as soon as she had arrived. She rushed through the place until she heard voices coming from the library. With a relieved smile on her face she ran into the familiar room and stopped abruptly. Healey was sitting on a chair facing her direction and she had no idea who he was but that wasn’t what made her pause.
Sitting in a chair facing away from her, Jory had turned around to see the face of the one he loved. And all of his dreams and memories did not pay her enough justice as he saw her now. Though she looked tired and was a little scruffy, she was still beautiful. His beautiful Annie.
Healey silently stood and walked towards the door. He stopped when he was next to Annie and smiled.
“My name is Healey but we will leave our introduction for another time,” he said quietly before he left the two alone, closing the door behind him. The only noise in the room was the crackling fire.
Annie was staring at Jory as if she was daft. She couldn’t form words as she watched him stand from his chair and face her. He looked so handsome in his casual suit, his hair brushed away from his face. He looked so real…he was so real. It was like she had stepped into a whole other version of her life, where in this one she had chosen Jory and he was just waiting for her to come home.
Jory swallowed hard as he tried to contain his feelings for her. As he stood there looking at her he remembered every nightmare that he was tortured with of losing her all over again. He remembered how he had wanted to just give up. There were so many times that he had almost done so, he thought surely death was better than a lifetime of losing the only one he had loved over and over again, even if it was just a dream. But something kept him going, just the thought that one day he might see her again. Just to touch her and smell her one more time would be worth it. And one day, when his dream had finally ended with him and Annie together he had woken up. He had been hazy when he first came to but he could still distinguish his nightmares from reality and he held onto that one dream of having Annie.
Martha and Everard had stopped him from going to see her. He had been desperate, almost frantic to get to her but they wouldn’t let him. So he stayed at the institution and waited and every night he would have that same dream, where he and Annie got to be together, that one dream that had woken him up. Before she had visited the institution he had decided he was going to stay away for her sake. After all she had chosen someone else so he thought it best to leave her to her life. But when she had actually arrived he couldn’t help himself, he had to see her so he dressed up and told himself that he would just look from afar and nothing more. But then when he saw her looking so much more beautiful that he could possibly remember he couldn’t help but dance with her.
Holding her again was more overwhelming than he had remembered and he had almost given himself away, he wanted to, but his love for her had stopped him. If he revealed himself they would all be back where they had started and she would be hurt all over again having to make a choice between the man she wanted to actually be with and him, the man who had forced his love on her. So he had let her go without telling her it had been him and now here they were.
Standing in the library of the manor and looking at her now, after so long of not seeing her and not knowing she was ok, made his heart race in his chest and he swore she would be able to hear it. But she just stood there, looking picture perfect and as breathtaking as ever and for a moment he faltered. But he soon recalled what his plan was and had to force himself to remain calm.
As Annie stood there her tears started silently and she remained quiet. Not knowing what to do, he took a slow step towards her but stopped awkwardly.
Finally Annie regained control of her body and she slowly walked up to Jory, stopping just a foot away from him. She lifted her hand cautiously, as if he might vanish if she moved too quickly, and reached out to him. She placed her hand against his chest, over his heart and felt it beating. It was the single most comforting thing she had felt. She looked into his eyes, never taking her eyes from him in fear that he might disappear.
This was Jory, the one she had been aching over since he was stolen from her. The one who had his life taken so she could have everything she wanted. His life, the fact he was there, made all the sadness of the past disappear into nothing as she stood there touching him. No one else could have taken her pain away, she knew that now as she looked at him. She never would have been the same without him.
As she stood there looking at him, everything inside of him was telling him to give in. Telling him to confess his love for her and run away with her right then. What it would be like to kiss her, to touch her and pretend she was his. Would it be so bad if he tried?
But as he watched each tear fall onto her cheek, each new tear was another reason for him to do what he knew he had to. With a heavy heart and an aching soul he placed his hand over hers on his chest and smiled tenderly at her.
“You must be Annie,” he said. His voice was like warm water running over her and just to hear it was a gift but the words didn’t make sense.
“Jory…I…what…” But she couldn’t finish a sentence.
“Sit down and I will tell you,” he said. Placing his arm around her and keeping hold of her hand he led her to the settee and sat down beside her.
She moved closer to him so they were touching and she didn’t let go of his hand, she actually grabbed it with both of hers. He kept his arm around her, hoping it would be a comfort but also not wanting to let her go.
“What is going on? How are you here?” She asked, no almost begged, for the answer.
So he told her what Taru did for him and how he had been living at the institution, then he added his lie to the end.
“When I awoke I could not remember my life before, it was as if I started anew,” he lied. The pain he saw in her eyes made him sad.
“You do not remember me?” She asked when the story was finished. How could he not remember her?
“I...my life before, it is as if it never happened.” The words hurt him when he said them.
When Annie remained silent he took the opportunity to change the subject. He couldn’t stand sitting there watching the heartbreak on her face.
“Annie, I was told that you were taken. How did you escape?” He was actually wondering what had happened.
“Oh,” is all she said. Her ordeal felt like an old nightmare long forgotten in the wake of Jory’s life being spared. She struggled to recount the story but she managed it in the end.
“Well, everyone will be so glad to have you back safely.” That was the understatement of the year. She sat there, looking up at him longingly.
“Are you not glad to have me back safe?” She asked, looking vulnerable. He looked at her face closely thinking how rapturous it would be to kiss her.
“I am pleased that you are safe. The others were so concerned and I do not like to hear of anyone in harm’s way.” He tried to keep his tone and words neutral but inside he was ecstatic that Annie was safe. That she was touching him and merely near him.
“So…everything between us…you do not remember?” She knew it was a selfish thing to ask and she really shouldn’t have asked it at all but there was a part of her that missed him. But it was better for him, not to remember her. Not to want her.
“I cannot say that I do.” Is what he said out loud but his internal voice was screaming, how could I ever forget you? She nodded slowly accepting his words.
“Well, you are alive, you are well,” she said with a smile. She was not bitter that he had been kept a secret from her, she was just so overjoyed that he was alive that she didn’t care about the last few months and its trials.
It was hard not to tell Annie the truth, lying to her felt wrong. But what Jory was about to say felt like it had the potential to kill him.
“I have only witnessed Baden in the last few days,” he started. “But it seems that he is rather…pained by your absence.”
“He is?” She asked, a small smile creeping onto her face. She couldn’t wait to see him.
“Very much so.” Jory almost cringed having to say the words, even though he was being truthful.
If he thought those last words were hard to say his next words were going to be about as easy to say as swallowing razor blades would be.
“I know that if anything like this happened to Acacia I would be a mess.” The lie tasted bad in his mouth and it felt like a blackness covering him. He wished that he had kept that part out of it but he knew it would help Annie to move on.
“Acacia?” Annie said. She slowly let go of his hand and slid away from him. “You and she…?” He only nodded to answer her, it was like his body wouldn’t let him say it aloud.
Annie felt sick in her stomach. She remembered the moment when she had seen Acacia and Jory kissing and it made her want to throw up. And now he was with her, loving her. She pushed the thought out of her mind, she couldn’t stand it.
“Well, that is…nice.” The words left her mouth dry and the disgust he saw on her face panicked him. He didn’t want her to feel that way towards him but he had to let her feel that. He had to give her the space she deserved to move on.
“She is…lovely.” He almost rolled his eyes at himself, now that was too obviously a lie.
“Acacia…lovely?” Annie sounded doubtful. From what she remembered of Acacia she was a spiteful shrew.
“Yes, I might even…” He swallowed hard before he pushed out his next dirty lie. “Ask for her hand in marriage.” He couldn’t think of anything more repulsive.
“Marriage?” Annie stood in rage as she almost yelled the words. “You would be a damn fool to marry that…thing.” She had thought of the nicest word she could to describe Acacia. “You are too good for her Jory!”
“Well, maybe you are too good for Baden!” Jory stood himself, catching her anger. “He is not the most pleasant snatcher to be around.”
“What do you know of him and our relationship?” Annie asked, crossing her arms in offence. She didn’t even take into consideration that she could have just offended Jory. Look at them, fighting again just like they used to always do.
“I know that he is ill tempered and finds it hard to control his anger and you…” he shut his mouth before he could blurt out what he really thought.
“I what?” Annie’s face was starting to go red from the rage she was trying to contain. What was he about to say about her? “Go on, say it!” She dared. Jory caught onto her challenge and let himself slip just a little.
“You are the sweetest, most caring thing to walk this earth and you are with him? No one can make sense of it. You are precious and he is ferocious. He is a snuffed out candle in comparison to your radiance and you dim yourself being with him,” he burst out, not really thinking but rather just going with his feelings.
Annie stood there gob smacked. Though his words were said harshly they were still personal and intimate and they made her feel conflicted.
“Or at least that is the impression I get,” Jory said trying to cover his tracks.
“Well, I guess nothing has really changed,” she commented as she dropped her arms to her side.
“Why is that?”
“Because we still fight like two old hags.” Her description of their companionship was vivid but fair.
Her joke brought them both into laughter and when it died down the quiet felt comforting.
“Jory,” she whispered his name in disbelief.
Annie couldn’t help herself. She threw her arms around him and after a moment of consideration he wrapped his arms around her, letting himself enjoy the moment. Possibly the only opportunity he might get to hold her.
He pulled back but kept her in his arms. She looked up at him with a peace that made him want to cry. That’s it, he couldn’t take it anymore. He was able to hold the lie for about five minutes but he couldn’t do it any longer. He couldn’t let her go and he didn’t want to. He wanted to fight for her and now was as good a time to start as any.
“Annie, I want you to know…” but before he could finish Healey came in.
“I thought you might like some refreshments after your long journey, young Annie,” Healey offered as he brought in a tray of juice and glasses. The two hadn’t even heard the door open.
“Oh, that sounds delicious,” she said subtly stepping away from Jory’s warm hands.
She was grateful for the interruption. She didn’t want to risk being alone with Jory any longer, there was something about him that still made her lose herself just a little.
“Yes, this is rather considerate of you,” Jory remarked trying to sound grateful but Healey didn’t miss his strained tone.
“You will thank me later,” Healey whispered to his new friend.
“Healey, you must sit and tell me of your tale!” Annie suggested taking a seat whilst Healey poured them all drinks.
“Where to begin!” He said theatrically and it was the most emotion the man had displayed since being resurrected. But Annie had that effect on people, bringing out the fun in them.
So the three sat down and enjoyed each other’s company. Jory all the while watching Annie closely, lovingly. He had to restrain himself from moving over to her, taking her in his arms and running away with her. Running far, far away from everyone else. Just the two of them, surely it could work? A man could dream, couldn’t he?

CHAPTER 42:

Baden and Taru stood there in silence as they waited for Stewart to lead the others to them. It didn’t take long, which was lucky because Baden was hardly restraining his hatred for Taru. Martha, Everard, Adam, Stewart and Micah all stood around looking at her after they came to a stop, Micah in particular was watching her closely.
“I have found the castle where Annie is being kept,” Taru announced unnecessarily. “I will lead you there.”
“Why should we believe you?” Adam piped up. “You could be leading us into a trap.” Taru looked at Baden and he rolled his eyes.
“She is telling the truth,” he assured.
With that Taru started running. Everyone followed behind, she held back her pace for the sake of the others, besides Baden. They ran through the trees towards the castle that was meant to hold Annie. The time it took, which was no time at all really, almost killed Baden. He could hardly wait to get there, wishing that he knew where they were going so he could go at his full speed. Again he was irritated at the presence of the others, they were holding him back.
As soon as they were close enough he could feel where they were going. Up ahead he could see the castle, but it looked strange. The others couldn’t see it yet but what he saw sent him into a panic. Forgetting everyone else he ran as fast as he could. Before they knew what was going on Baden had disappeared and they were left going after him.
When Taru had gotten a bit closer she too realised that the castle was not as it should be. She fell behind the others, who hardly noticed because they were concerned about whatever it was they were missing. However, Micah did manage to notice her lagging and as the others raced ahead he slowed as well.
Taru stopped and watched as the others raced on ahead, Micah remaining with her.
“You must go with them,” she said without looking at him.
“Why? We have found Annie,” Micah reasoned. She turned to him slowly wishing that everything was different.
“This time it is truly goodbye, Micah.” Her words were covered in pain as they were full of sorrow. She could feel Jiel close by.
“You have said that before and look.” He gestured around with his hands. “We are together once again.”
“Goodbye Micah.” They were the last words she said to him before she ran away.
He was too slow to follow and soon was left by himself once again. With an even heavier heart he made his way towards the castle where the others were.
“Taru,” Jiel called to her as she ran away from Micah. She came to a stop but didn’t face her eternal tormenter. “Now that you have finally discovered that Annie is no longer with Oliver you can get to finding where she really is.”
Taru had really believed that Annie was in that castle, she had found the place a few days ago and could feel Annie there but she didn’t go straight to Baden or just take Annie herself because she had to plan her next moves carefully. She had a plan and she wanted to see it through. But now something was wrong, she couldn’t feel where Annie was and she knew Baden wouldn’t be happy. She had no idea where to find her.
“Just tell me!” She yelled. She turned to him in anger, this time she was not afraid of the consequence. What was the use? She wasn’t going to be around for much longer anyway.
“Come, come,” he snapped. He spoke as if she were a child out of line. “You know I can only tell you so much. It is a trial for me to have to wait upon such idiocy.”
“Then do it yourself!” She rebuked. He closed his eyes as if calming his temper.
“How many times do I have to tell you, I cannot do it myself!” His words started off soft and grew louder as he spoke. “Get me my sacrifice already!” Before she could say anything else he vanished, leaving behind him an eerie wake.
Baden was at the castle before everyone and he stood there bewildered. Half of the structure had fallen to pieces and the place was deserted. He tried to feel for any sign of life but there was none. Refusing to let the panic set in he started sifting through the rubble, pulling back large stones that were bigger than him with ease. The others came upon the scene feeling rather perplexed, why on earth had they been brought to a rundown castle?
“Baden I do not think that she is here,” Stewart called to him as he continued to push through the huge stones.
“Taru truly believed she was, she was sure she had found her!” Baden yelled pausing for a brief moment to look around. “Where is Taru?” He asked.
Micah came running up at that moment and everyone turned to him. Baden didn’t miss a beat, he was upon Micah before he had time to blink. Baden grabbed his shirt and slammed him against the nearest tree.
“”Where is Taru?” Baden yelled into Micah’s face.
“She ran away. I could not stop her!” Micah defended himself. His face was filled with fear because he could see murder in Baden’s eyes.
No one could do anything to stop Baden, they watched as Baden grabbed Micah around the neck with one hand. He lifted him off the ground, Micah kicking his feet around to find a place for them to no avail. As Baden started to feel the life drift from Micah he felt something else, something in the rubble. He tilted his head to the side to see if he could identify what he was sensing but he couldn’t. He dropped Micah who landed hard on the ground, gasping. Micah hadn’t had the sensation of suffocating since being a snatcher and it was a disconcerting one.
Everyone watched as Baden slowly turned from his now forgotten victim. He moved slowly towards the rubble as if he couldn’t move any faster. There was a feeling inside of him that was starting to grow, the only way he could describe it was dread. Whatever it was he was sensing underneath the rubble was something he had never sensed before. The only thing that came close to what it felt like was…death. Finding his speed he suddenly ran to the rubble. He made his way through the mess at an alarming speed, everyone just standing around watching him.
Baden pulled back some rocks to find what used to be the cellar of the castle, now completely filled in with stones. He could smell the oil that had been set alight there, even though it had been days since it happened. He deduced that this was where an explosion happened that must have ruined the castle. He moved his digging a bit further away to rubble that would have been a room that would have sat on the top floor. As he came closer to whatever it was he was feeling he suddenly paused. He could see a foot.
“Baden, what is it?” Stewart called out when he saw Baden frozen.
Instead of answering, Baden uncovered the rest of the body. He had no idea what was going on. Underneath it all, laying there lifeless beneath the rubble was Nathaniel. His clothes were torn and tattered, and he was covered in dirt but he was not moving. He had no broken bones, he wasn’t burnt in the slightest from the explosion either. And the strangest part was he was at least more than a week dead. Baden could sense that his soul no longer dwelt in the young man’s body and that it had been missing for days but the body had in no way started to decompose. Nor was he in the transformation stage of becoming a snatcher. And what was he even doing at the castle where Annie was meant to be?
Everyone decided to make their way over to Baden because they couldn’t take it anymore. When they saw who was laying there they all looked at each other in confusion. Martha and Everard didn’t even have a clue who it was but Baden seemed rather baffled by him.
“What is he doing here?” Adam asked looking as confused as everyone else. Baden started shaking his head as he stood there looking down at the body.
“Is he dead?” Micah asked. His senses weren’t as refined as Baden’s but he could tell something wasn’t right.
“I…do…not know,” Baden answered. “He should be burnt to nothing from whatever went on here but it is as if he is preserved in some way. Protected by something we cannot see.”
“He kind of reminds me of when we dug up Healey,” Adam commented. “Dirty but a relic of sorts.” Baden looked to Adam, intrigued by his observation.
“Annie is not here,” Baden concluded randomly. “If she were I would feel her, whether she was alive or…” he decided not to say the word. He turned and started moving off the rubble.
“Where are you going?” Everard asked, stopping him.
“Back to the manor,” Baden said it as if it were obvious.
“What do we do with the young gentlemen?” Everard queried.
“Bring him back with us, he may be a piece to this ridiculous puzzle,” he suggested.
Baden didn’t stick around after that, he was sick and tired of not getting anywhere after all of his leads inevitably went to dead ends. As he ran back to the manor he put away any thoughts of defeat, if he entertained the thoughts he would surely fall even further into despair.

CHAPTER 43:

“Well, I am off to bed,” Healey declared when his weary body failed him. He stood after a day of fun with his new friends. “Have a lovely evening.”
When he had left the room Jory turned to Annie. She had already taken a bath earlier that day, choosing to dress in a warm, long sleeved lilac dress and pinning her hair up away from her neck. She gave him a soft smile which drew him to stand and move next to her on the settee. Leaning into the couch as he sat on his side he gave her a smile back.
“You are rather exquisite, Annie,” he commented as he looked at her with warmth in his eyes.
His words sounded so familiar until she remembered that he didn’t remember who she was. Before she could lose herself to the compliment she stopped her thoughts from drifting too far. He slid a little closer on the lounge towards her and her heart started beating faster, it made him smile.
“There are no words that I could use to express what it means to me that you are alive,” she said shyly. He may not remember her but she wanted him to know her heart. He reached out and brushed a stray curl off her face.
“I think I know.” Something in his voice made her think that there was a spark of recognition in his soul. He sat up a little straighter and leaned towards her.
Annie pressed her lips together and could feel the tension coming off Jory. As he started to lean even closer she realised that he was going to kiss her. Even though there was something in her that wanted to kiss him there was an even bigger part of her that didn’t want to. That part of her was Baden. As he was so close she could feel his breath against her lips she pulled her face away.
This was the moment Baden walked into the room. He froze when he saw Annie sitting there next to Jory.
Baden’s eyes welled with tears as he found utter relief and rapture as he peered into Annie’s soul and saw that she was completely unharmed and that she was calm about her own abduction, not seeming distressed by it. In fact, she didn’t seem upset by her time missing at all. It didn’t take him long to sum up the situation, as Jory was leaning into Annie and she was drawing away.
The momentary relief that Annie was safe and well was now overshadowed by her actions that seemed to show she had hardly missed him at all. He looked to Jory and all of his anger boiled over.
“You bastard,” Baden growled. That was all it took, Baden had Jory by the shirt and they were swiftly tumbling around the room in an all-out brawl.
“Baden!” Annie screamed as she ran away from the ruckus, taking shelter in the doorway. “Jory, stop!”
Furniture was being broken as they threw each other across the room. Baden was the one doing most of the throwing, Jory could hardly lay a hand on him. Annie had no idea what to do and was starting to fret when Healey came running down.
“What is it?” He asked as he looked into the room.
“Jory and Baden,” Annie answered, concern in her voice.
Annie covered her eyes in the particularly rough parts. She needed to stop them before Baden killed Jory. Just as she was about to run into the middle of the brawl Martha, Everard and the others arrived. Baden had taken his time getting back to the manor which was why everyone else was so close behind. Everyone’s astonishment at Annie’s presence was quickly distracted by the bedlam.
“Stewart, Adam please do something to stop them!” Annie squealed in panic. Micah had been carrying Nathaniel so he took him to the sunroom and laid his body gently on the divan.
Stewart and Adam ran into the room as the others watched from the doorway. The boys were putting their lives at risk by interfering when Baden was so angry but they didn’t really have a choice. At first it looked like they became part of the fight but eventually it seemed that Adam was pulling Jory out of Baden’s grasp. Stewart struggled with all of his strength but still couldn’t hold Baden back so Adam jumped on him to help.
When that still wasn’t enough Micah came rushing in and added his weight to the pile. Baden let himself be restrained, if he really wanted to it would be no trouble to pull them off him but he decided to submit willingly. He lay on the ground, covered by the others.
Annie rushed over to him and got them to move off him. Warily they stepped away, giving him little space to move. Baden stood slowly, pulling his shirt back down and straightening his clothes.
“Baden!” Annie sang his name with desperation. It had been so long since she had seen him and all she wanted to do was throw herself into his arms.
When she reached out for him and he didn’t do the same she paused. He looked between her and Jory silently, hiding the pain with his anger. Everyone stood there awkwardly, trying to avoid having to look directly at them.
“Jory,” Martha said casually as she made her way over to him. It created an opportunity for the others to move away from the private moment and start their own conversations.
“Baden, what is the matter?” Annie asked as the fear started to mount rapidly.
He looked to the ground to try and regain himself but failed. He couldn’t do this, in front of everyone. With a quick look at Annie he left the library and went upstairs. Everyone went silent and watched as he left. Annie was gutted from his reaction, she had envisioned so much more and it was just a lonely welcoming after a trialing period. She looked to the others who were watching her. Eventually her eyes rested on Jory and her anger started to grow. Baden had reacted the way he did because of what Jory had been about to do.
“Why would you try and kiss me?” She screamed in anger. Everyone looked at the ground trying not to be part of the confrontation. “You are with Acacia!”
Martha looked up confused at what Annie said.
“Jory, when did…” but Martha didn’t get time to finish.
“I am sorry,” Jory said before Martha could give the lie away. Annie shook her head and stormed out of the room and went to where Baden was.
“Let us give them some privacy,” Everard suggested.
They all shuffled out of the room quietly then made their way out of the manor, leaving the two with some privacy. Martha had to pull Jory away rather than him going willingly.
Annie walked into her room where she found Baden looking out the window. He didn’t turn around when Annie came in and it hurt her.
“Every moment that you were missing,” Baden started. “Caused me a pain that I did not think existed. Every moment I thought of you and I desperately sought you out.” Annie started to smile at his words, knowing that he loved her. But her joy was soon to be snuffed out. “Then I find you here with Jory and I realise that I am nothing but a name on the list of men who want you.”
“Baden,” Annie said as she started to walk over to him. Finally he turned to face her but his expression caused her to pause.
“You say my name as if it means something to you. As if I mean something to you but your actions say otherwise.” His words were cold as he masked his pain. “I come here after weeks of searching for you to find you wrapped in the arms of another man.”
“I was moving away from him,” she defended herself.
“For how long? How long until the constant attention you receive from men cause you to choose another. Or has it already?” Baden laid out all his fears in front of the only one who could abate them. “I know why you have been sad these past months. I know why you have been putting off being changed. I can feel it in your soul, Annie.”
Annie took a moment to take in what he was saying. Baden had put up with a lot in the past months and she had just expected him to. He was right, she had not been giving herself completely to him. So it was time to be honest with him. She took a deep breath and prepared herself for what might be to come.
“I loved Jory…” She confessed. “When I thought he was dead I felt like I had lost a part of who I was. Sometimes I would find myself unsure of what I wanted and it would all become too much at times.” He could feel her guilt and honesty in the confession and her pain clung to his soul. “But I want you.”
“And what has happened these past few weeks?” He asked. He could feel that she was not a woman trying to cope with the trauma of being abducted. “What has happened that you feel so guilty about?”
“How do you know?” She asked. She intended to tell him everything but she couldn’t believe that he knew.
“I can read souls, Annie. When they are lying and what they feel. I know there is something you want to tell me.” Baden was preparing himself for the worst.
It’s not that he had intentionally kept it from her it’s just something that he avoided even thinking about because he always hated the ability. And until recently it was a secret but now that everyone knew he decided to reveal it.
Annie wasn’t hurt that she didn’t know that about Baden, she had known he could see what souls look like but she hadn’t known that he could discern their sincerity. She had figured that he was rather astute in regards to sensing things but now she realised that she had been an open book this whole time.
“Oliver tried all he could to respectfully persuade me into loving him,” she explained. Her voice was quiet from fear. Goodness knows what Baden would do when he knew. “One night when I found myself missing you rather strongly he kissed me…I forgot myself…and I…”
“Kissed him back,” Baden finished.
“When I realised what I had done I pulled away,” she said, moving to grab his arm.
He pulled away before she could touch him. He had never felt such rage in his life. His anger went far beyond reasonable and eventually stepped into the pain of betrayal. He had been betrayed by Annie. He started to walk out of the room but she ran after him.
“Please, Baden,” she begged. Her tears fell as the fear stabbed into her heart. Fear of losing him.
“No Annie!” He yelled as he turned to her and she froze. “Your actions prove that you do not want me.” His voice broke a little on the last words and he couldn’t stand to look at her any longer.
He turned away as his own tears started to fall and disappeared before she could say anything.
Annie stood there, mouth open for words that wouldn’t come. Her tears were constant as she stood there alone. Baden left because she was too selfish to show him that she loved only him.
She closed the door and looked around the haunting room. The lifeless shadows a mirror of her soul as it died within her. She moved over to the window and looked out. Baden’s dark silhouette stood for a moment looking up at the room before he vanished into the trees and out of her life.

EPILOGUE:

Taru stood off in the distance as she listened to Annie and Baden talk. As Baden walked away Taru was left shocked by what happened. He had walked away from someone he wanted. Why? She stood with her hand over her mouth, as if this would help her to handle what just happened.
“Taru,” Jiel spoke angrily from behind her. She spun around surprised that he was there. She had been so distracted by what just happened that she hadn’t even sensed him. “Look at the mess you have created!” He was livid that her plan had back fired. “Why did you let Oliver have her in the first place?”
“We had to make sure that they both truly loved each other. It was a test to see if their love could withstand the trials,” she reasoned.
“And look where we are now!” Jiel was quickly losing his patience.
“At least we will not waste our time on them any longer. We found out that they do not love each other as strongly as we once thought.” Taru would have been relieved for Baden and Annie that they were now out of the running, if it wasn’t under such sad circumstances.
“No! Annie is the one, I have seen her soul and she will be perfect. They do truly love each other, now find a way to rectify the problems you have caused. No more waiting, Taru.” Jiel was not willing to let Annie go.
“What am I meant to do? They are no longer promised to each other so the sacrifice will not work.” It was out of her control now.
“Bring them back together and once they have repaired their relationship take her. Do it when she is alone, I do not want the problem of dealing with irate lovers like we have had in the past.” Jiel was done talking so he left before she could say anything.
What was she meant to do?
Taru stood there listening to Baden run through the trees. Coming up with an idea, she looked around and spotted what she wanted. She snapped off a large branch of a nearby tree and stripped it down so it was like an oversized stick. Measuring it up she thought it would do quite nicely.
“He will not know what hit him,” she said to herself with a smile. Then she took off running.


