
Soul Bound
Annie Nadine
This book was self-published by the author Annie Nadine Cecil.
Copyright © Annie Nadine
All rights reserved.
The right for Annie Nadine Cecil to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her under the Copyright Amendment (Moral Rights) Act 2000.
The moral right of the author has been asserted.
This work is copyright. Apart from any use as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968, no part may be reproduced, copied, scanned, stored in a retrieval system, recorded or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without prior written permission of the publisher.
Cecil, Annie Nadine.
Soul Bound / Annie Nadine.

PROLOGUE:
The Dark Ages:

The night air was filled with frost on this unusually chilled evening. The demon that came venturing looked the part of a perfect gentlemen. His hair was black as coal and his skin as white as the moon. His unusually large eyes were grey and his form was seemingly unimposing but he was deceptively strong. He wore a long, hooded black coat that touched the ground, with the sleeves reaching to cover his hands. Though it was black it reflected a silver shine that would vanish if you tried to focus on it too carefully. He did not wear his hood tonight, there was no need to menace his audience of one with it.
His name was anything he wanted it to be but for this realm he called himself Jiel. As he stepped up to the house where his captive lived he smiled to himself. He was pleased with this one, he imagined she would obtain him many souls.
The small cottage was quaint and sturdy. Made only from wood, it almost seemed to grow amongst the tall trees and become part of the secluded forest itself. To anyone who didn’t know better it was just another cottage but to others it was a prison that held frightening secrets.
	As soon as she heard him coming she ran to the door and opened it. She tried to move past the threshold but she could not, it was as if there was a wall there but one you could not see. She screamed in frustration as she had been trying to escape for many days. The woman’s ivory day dress now stained with dirt, was torn in places. Her earth-brown hair was a mess of knots and curls and her pale skin had scratches all over it. Her transformation was taking place and she could barely control herself.
Jiel stopped and stood at the door, just out of her reach. He calmly held his hands clasped in front of him, covered by his long sleeves. He looked like a ghost of the night with his pale, unearthly face the only part of him that could be seen. This woman was the first human to ever be transformed into a soul snatcher and the process was taking its toll. Her body was now changing into something unnatural and many would see her as unholy. But Jiel, he was proud of his creation. He would be the first of his kind to have found a way to manipulate the laws he was governed by and become unstoppable. She was his finest monster.
	“Taru,” he said, his voice smooth and welcoming. The creature before him had once been a beautiful woman but now she was marred with insanity and it showed in her eyes.
“That is not my name,” she growled. He smiled, completely unfazed by her animalistic actions. He had replaced her birth name with a title he believed more befitting. He would change the face of the earth with his new creations and she was the legend that would start it all.
“It is my dear, for you are the beginning of a myth. One that may even far surpass your own existence,” he said calmly
“I was promised eternal life, you have betrayed me,” she accused.
“There has not been a betrayal here for I promised eternal youth not eternal life! As with all beings there are aspects of nature that are formed to eliminate any species. Every creation deserves a defence against others, do they not?” He reasoned, as if he was teaching a small child a lesson.
“Then what is their defence? How can they take my life?” She asked. It felt like her skin was itching and she felt wild. Without realising, she had developed an unnerving twitch that just added to her inhuman ways.
“That is something that will be discovered in due time,” Jiel said confidently. Though, in this circumstance they knew as much as each other.
The reason he did not tell her is because even he did not know what would make her vulnerable. The others who were fighting against him were the only ones who knew that, for they would be the ones to create her adversary.
“However!” He declared the word to distract her. “I think it may be best for us to look into your current situation,” he said referring to her entrapment.
“Let me out!” She screamed as she angrily clenched her hands into fists beside her. Her voice echoed through the empty trees.
“You will be released but first I must receive something from you, Taru.” His smile was obnoxious.
“I have already given you my soul in exchange for this gift you have bestowed upon me,” she said sarcastically. This was no gift, it was a curse.
“I believe I asked for a soul that loved you more than any other. You offered your own which unfortunately will not be a sufficient penance…for it is tainted.” He looked her up and down as if he despised her. “I will be keeping your soul until you find me someone who truly loves you. Note that when one truly loves another then that love is reciprocated,” he rattled off his speech quickly so she couldn’t interrupt him.
“Your price is the soul of one that loves me and I in turn love him?” She clarified. Her face filled with confusion as she didn’t even know how it felt to love another.
“Congratulations, you seem to understand the terms of this arrangement more clearly,” he said patronizingly. “You will not be granted leave until this is given.”
“Then return my soul,” she demanded. Jiel rolled his eyes, becoming frustrated that she wasn’t listening to him.
“Taru, your soul will return to you as soon as you learn how to love. This is when I will know to come and collect my reparation.” His tone was condescending but she didn’t care. She already hated him with every part of her being.
“How does one love without a soul?” She asked as if she had beaten him at his own game.
“You still have a soul Taru, if you could call it that after what you have done. However, it is in my care.” He turned and started walking away without waiting for a response.
“Jiel, when I am released I will seek vengeance on you!” She spat the words and before she could blink he was in front of her again, closer than he had been before.
“No, you will not for you are my creature! I created you and you will do as I say,” he barked the words with a fierceness that was beyond disturbing. He grabbed her by the neck and pulled her off the ground, her legs kicking wildly trying to find the floorboards beneath her. His hand felt deathly cold on the skin of her neck as she tried to claw it away from her. “Do not forget the one who brought you here can easily remove you.”
Without warning he dropped her to the ground. As she sat there in a heap at the doorway Jiel disappeared into the night, as if he had never been there. Taru looked out into the darkness but even with her newly sharpened sight she could not find him.
She pondered for a moment in her complete loneliness. She used to be the one who caused pain to her many victims. She had been the one who always had the power but now she was the one in submission. Her desire to be young forever had become her downfall and she had lost sight of everything, even sound reason, to obtain her lusted youth. Now she was everything she never wanted to be; weak and controlled by a man. And there was nothing she could do to take back what had happened. She now belonged to the one called Jiel and she had a feeling that he would never free her, even if she gave him everything he asked of her and more. And there was nothing she could do about it.
So Taru waited for many seasons for travellers to pass. Some did but none loved her as she had hoped therefore she could not love them.
So she waited.
And waited.
And waited.
Until one day a young man named Healey ventured through the secluded forest searching for a way home. His hair was golden, like the sun and his eyes were a deep brown. His jaw was strong and though his body was tall and slight it was still well muscled. He had a gentleness about him yet had a strength that demanded respect. His face was youthful but masculine and just the sight of him brought a genuine smile to her face.
So Taru offered him a place to sleep and keep warm for the night. She was sure not to seduce him, she had to take this slow and do all the right things to make him fall in love her. She knew lust didn’t go as far as love and it would take time. The next morning he thanked her for her hospitality and promised to return. And to his credit he kept his word.
He visited through the cold winter and he visited through the scorching summer. In the spring and in the fall they enjoyed their moments together and Taru was truly learning how to love. She never left the house and he never asked why. He was content to be with her, regardless of where it was.
At the beginning of their time together she thought she could keep him close and fool Jiel that she loved the stranger. Healey was sweet enough and she was well trained in deception. But the closer she became with the young man the further from her plan she strayed without even realising.
On one beautiful morning her love ventured through the trees and came into the house where she was waiting for him. The joy that was brought to her heart from him warmed her like nothing else ever had and this is when the fear stitched its way through her. She realised in that moment that she was in fact in love. The smile dropped from her face and when he saw it he paused from moving to embrace her.
“What is the matter?” He asked.
“You must leave,” she said smaller than a whisper as the fear had stolen her voice. She ran to him and grabbed his arm and dragged him back to the door.
“But why?” He asked sounding heartbroken that she didn’t want him to stay.
When they reached the door she kept running without thought and she was able to pass the threshold. When she realised what had happened she paused, his arm still clasped in her hand. She looked around and when nothing happened she took to a sprint.
“We must go,” she yelled back to Healey as they ran. He stumbled behind her but she kept him afoot with the hold she had on his arm. Her breathing was laboured, not from the effort but from the fear of what was going to happen.
Before they made it too far into the trees something unseen collided with her. It was as if a force greater than herself charged her and pushed her so hard that she violently fell back onto the ground. This, she realised, was her soul returning to her. Healey stumbled to the ground with her momentum and she couldn’t help but lose her grip on him as they fell.
They landed amongst the green grass and the small flowers as the sun caressed their skin. A perfect sight that did not match their broken story.
“Taru,” Healey called to her. He hurried over with no thought of himself and kneeled down beside her. Now, with her soul in place, she could finally see his. It was sweet and loving and cared only for her and to see it made her eyes sting with tears because she knew she was going to lose him. He tried to help her up but she pushed him away.
“No, you must leave,” she cried the words as she sat up and tried to move away from him. But he simply followed her.
“Where would I go without you?” He asked in such a way that made her pause. As he knelt beside her he allowed all the longing he felt to show. She knew that if he asked her to leave she would be lost if he were not her destination. “Do not cry,” he said as he brushed her tears away. Before she could say anything else she heard footsteps approach but she did not turn away from Healey.
“Taru, I see you are free,” Jiel said as he stood there watching the scene between the lovers.
Healey looked over in shock that someone was there. He pulled her closer to him as if to protect her, though it did nothing but spur on her tears.
“Please, take mine,” Taru screamed at Jiel in a mess of tears. He smiled at her as if he could not see her anguish.
“But my dear, this is exactly what you were seeking,” Jiel reminded as if he was genuinely confused.
“What is he speaking of?” Healey asked Taru.
“Step away from her young Healey for she is a creature that is unknown to all but will be the nightmare of many soon enough,” Jiel warned the fated lover.
“I would rather die than leave her,” Healey said with all the truth in the world. Up until then Jiel had kept his eyes on Taru but now he looked to Healey.
“That is exactly what I was hoping for,” Jiel said calmly.
“No,” Taru screamed as she tried to move in front of Healey but there was no use. Without moving from his place Jiel called out Healey’s soul.
Healey keeled over yelling in agony as his soul was taken from him, all the while holding onto Taru’s hand. She held him as close as she could, her face against his as his life was taken from him.
“I love you,” she whispered before he laid on the ground and died.
Silence filled the forest, not an animal moved and no breeze blew. Everything felt the pain of the sacrifice.
“It is all about the willing,” Jiel said happily. Taru sat there holding onto Healey’s hand as her silent tears fell onto his lifeless face. “You attempted to steal what was mine,” Jiel accused as he stepped closer to her. “For that I will be asking for another sacrifice,” he said.
Not caring what he said or what she might have to give, Taru kept her eyes on Healey and remained silent.
“But I will be looking into that in the future. We do have quite a while to play this game,” Jiel said emotionlessly.
“Just leave,” she whispered without looking at him. Ignoring her he walked over, bent down over Healey’s dead body so he could see her face. He forced her to look at him by harshly turning her head with his hand.
“You chose this, Taru and now you must live with the consequences of your choices. For your disobedience I will also leave you with a curse; you will not die from your own hand or the hand of any creature lesser than you,” Jiel said through gritted teeth.
He knew the only beings greater than her was his own kind, and none of them would dare kill her because of the laws they abided by. She was now doomed to an endless life.
“You will spend an eternity knowing you killed your love and you will not even have the escape of taking your own life.” After his taunting words he was gone.
Taru remained with Healey until night had fallen, crying her sorrow alone. When the sun had disappeared she carried his body back to the house and carefully placed him on the ground outside, near a weeping willow tree nearby. It was the only one in the area, so lonely…so sorrowful. She pulled at the perfect, life-filled grass and hollowed part of the earth to make him a grave near the small house that used to be theirs. With a ruined heart she gently placed his body amongst the soil. Lovingly she buried him under the willow and laid him to rest.
Her tears were endless and they would never cease for as long as she existed. The once ruthless, selfish girl who gave what was not hers had ended up with everything she asked for but nothing she wanted.
And this is where the story began.

CHAPTER 1:
January 1805
Annie woke in the night, startled from a nightmare that she instantly couldn’t remember. She sat up from her pillow in fright and was covered in sweat that chilled her to the bone. Her breathing was heavy as she looked around the shapeless black room, waiting for her sense of reality to seep back into her. After her eyes adjusted to the moonlight that was filtering in through the window she could make out large objects such as the settees and desks and after a moment she remembered she was in Miss Danes’ manor, or Martha as she had recently come to know her as.
After Annie’s fear abated slightly she fell back onto her pillow in frustration. This night, like every other night since Baden was gone, had resulted in a tumultuous sleep. Placing her hand to her forehead she closed her eyes and tried to push away the sense of dread that was increasing daily over not finding Baden. It had been weeks since he disappeared. She had reluctantly stepped into the new year without him and it felt like he was going to be lost forever.
Resolving not to let the defeat sink in she tried to reassure herself. Soon, she promised, soon she would be with him again. There was no other option. After laying there silently for most of the night she fell back into a restless sleep.
That morning Annie woke late and felt a stiffness in her bones that was becoming far too familiar. Her bed was so big and the sheets so overwhelming that she felt lost amongst them. Her room felt empty though the unnecessary expanse was filled with all kinds of lavish furniture. And even as the sun lit up the place brilliantly and it held every necessity known to man, it still didn’t house everything she wanted because Baden wasn’t there.
After a weary sigh Annie threw the blankets back and crawled out of bed. Lethargically she dressed in a plane navy blue dress, not realizing that she had recently been matching her attire to the way she felt; dark and miserable. Eventually she went to find Martha who was sitting at a desk in the library, surrounded by books and paper. A sight that had become their daily setting, due to their endless researching to find Baden.
“Annie, how are you this…” Martha looked over at the mantle clock. “Morning,” she said after she had checked the late hour. A kind smile came to Martha’s face and though much had passed between them they were fast becoming quite close.
“Would you mind if I had a bath?” Annie asked trying to ignore her drowsiness. Usually she went straight to reading the books, trying to find a way to Baden but this morning she felt too tired. “My bones are aching and I think the warm water will do me good.”
“Of course, but firstly go to the dining room and I will make some food for you before your bath,” Martha suggested.
Martha had dismissed all of her staff to ensure their privacy so she took care of Annie’s needs for the time being. Annie had tried to refuse Martha’s service because she knew how to take care of herself. But Martha had insisted, she felt it was the least she could do after everything that had happened. In any case, as soon as Everard arrived from the institution he would be more than willing to assist but it really didn’t take much effort, after all she was a snatcher.
It took some time for Annie to get used to being waited on but once she was willing to be helped it made Martha’s job easier. It also made Martha very happy.
Annie didn’t feel much like eating lately, and especially this morning, but she thought it would probably be best if she did. Soon after forcing the food down she was sinking into a steaming hot bath. The porcelain white bathtub stood in the middle of the room and was quite deep. It was carefully and beautifully decorated with lovely, feminine details. The back rose up further than the foot end and it was so filled with bubbles that she was almost lost amongst them. There was a huge window peering out onto the surrounding trees and gave an enchanting view. A decorative French partition was set over to one corner where Annie’s sun-yellow dress, which Martha had picked, was hanging. In the other corner there was a delicate looking dressing table with a large, oval mirror that had an intricately designed frame. The colours of the room were plush pinks and creams. But the loveliness of it all was lost on Annie.
After washing her hair she closed her eyes and tried to relax as she rested against the tub. Though the discomfort in her muscles had eased slightly her heart still was aching. Rain began pattering against the window and made her cold even though she was sitting in a steaming hot bath.
When the door creaked opened she assumed that it was Martha coming in to give her, or tell her, something. She heard footsteps over towards the partition and clothes rustling. What was Martha doing? After a moment of blind guessing she looked up and saw the bare back of a tall, broad chested and rather tanned man. He had removed his shirt and his pants sat low on his hips just covering what it needed to. His hair was a little longer and flicked wildly about and had a nutty brown colour to it.
“What are you doing?” Annie almost screamed as she gathered bubbles closer to her to try and cover herself.
The man shot around in surprise, his hands frozen as they clutched the front of his unclasped pants. Though his face was startled it was still lovely in its features.
His face was just as tan as his body, with a wide set jaw and thin but nicely shaped lips. His brow was strong and his eyes were a dark, rich green. His lashes were dark and long and he looked a little ruffled as if he had been travelling. Stubble grew on his face and gave him an appealing, un-kept look. The most obvious thing was his ridiculously wide, defined chest, with just a hint of hair in all the right places. It was all Annie could do not to stare at it. She had never seen a man with his shirt off before, not in plain sight like this anyway. She had seen Eli shirtless but it was dark and his skin had been covered in blood, and it had looked nothing like this man’s chest.
“I was told the bath was this way,” he said in wide eyed shock. His voice was smooth and deep.
They both froze where they were, not knowing what to do. His eyes travelled from her face down to the bubbles then quickly back up again. He swallowed noticeably, trying to make it subtle but failing.
“Who are you?” Annie asked not trying to be rude but sounding short. Considering her vulnerable state she thought he would understand.
“Oh. My name is Jory Manning,” he said stepping forward and holding out his hand. She looked at the offered gesture as if it were something deadly. “Sorry,” he apologised taking back his hand.
“My name is…” she started to say.
“Annie,” Martha said coming through the door. She stopped abruptly when she saw she was not alone. “Jory, what on earth are you doing in here?” Martha asked in shock, hand to her chest.
“You told me to take a bath,” he said in his defence.
“I meant in the downstairs bathroom,” she clarified as if it were obvious, which it was now.
“You gestured in this general direction,” he countered, flicking his hand around to indicate that particular bathroom.
He seemed a little embarrassed as he moved to try and stand in a more comfortable position, as if he wasn’t standing there half naked in front of two women. His noticeable muscles moved subtly under his skin with every small motion but when he waved his arm to demonstrate Martha’s directions his muscles tensed into hard, defined slopes without difficulty. Annie couldn’t help but notice the well-defined lines that seemed to be an arrow straight to his groin and the hair that was just peeking over his trousers.
All of a sudden Annie remembered she was naked and regained her sense of urgency to not have a male in the room. She cleared her throat in the most subtle manner she could manage and it brought both Martha and Jory’s attention back to her. Both remembering the situation at hand, they started in a rush to get Jory’s clothes. He grabbed his shirt as Martha shooed him out the door.
“Sorry, Annie,” he yelled back as the door was being closed by Martha. She latched it shut and turned to walk over to Annie.
“Well that was quite an introduction,” Martha said a little flustered as she stood next to the tub.
“Who was that?” Annie asked looking back at the door before relaxing into the water.
“That was Jory, Everard’s brother,” Martha explained with a smile.
“Everard is here?” Annie asked with hope for the sake of her friend and Martha just nodded contentedly.
“As soon as…” Martha paused not wanting to bring up what had happened with Micah again. “Everything was over I sent for him,” she explained. “He was held up a little longer than expected and it took him more time to arrive here because he was travelling slowly for Jory’s sake…” She stopped awkwardly for a moment. “Him being human and all.” In her distraction, she completely missed Martha’s strange tone.
“Do you think he will be back?” Annie asked not wanting to say Micah’s name. She felt a little fearful after being reminded of what happened with him. Martha bent down next to the tub and took Annie’s hand in hers.
“I do not think he would dare. He cannot deceive you out of your soul so there is no reason for him to return,” she assured. Ever since she had been liberated from Micah’s tyranny, Martha had moved into the confidence she once knew. “Besides, if he returned he would have to face the trackers,” she added for good measure. It was awkward having to bring up the subject of Eli but Martha was running out of options.
“Yes, I suppose,” Annie said quietly. Martha knew that no matter what she said it would not take away Annie’s fear, only time would.
“Let us get you out of this tub before you are too ripe,” Martha suggested as she stood up. She moved to grab a fluffy, white towel. Though it was so big it was more like a blanket than a towel. Annie stood up and the water gushed off her down into the tub. She stepped out and took the towel being offered, wrapping it around her. “Would you like help with your dress?” Martha asked in her motherly way.
“Could you braid my hair like Rosemary used to?” Annie asked quietly after pausing for a moment, trying to block out the pain from the loss of her friend. Martha just nodded and they headed over to the dressing table.
After Annie’s hair was done Martha gave her some time to be alone, she knew Annie wasn’t coping well.
After just staring at her garment, Annie reluctantly dressed in the simple, sun yellow, day dress. She wasn’t too thrilled with Martha’s choice of colour but didn’t have much time to consider it as there was a knock at the door.
“Come in,” she called from next to the partition, retying the bottom of her braid. To her surprise Jory peeked his head through the door.
“Is it safe to come in?” He asked cheekily and Annie couldn’t help but smile. She looked down to her fully clothed self then back to him.
“I think is it safe,” she said playfully.
He smiled as he came through the door. His hair was still wet from his own bath and it sat slick against his head. Though he had cleaned off the dirt from travelling and he was closely shaven, he still had that rugged look about him that didn’t seem to be able to be washed away. He was wearing just an undershirt and it stuck to him where he hadn’t dried himself properly. His pants were black and loose fitting, very casual and unlike the dress pants most men wore. They sat low on his hips but this time he was covered by his shirt. Annie was starting to think it was his own style. He walked over to her and stopped when he was closer than most people would stand.
“I do apologise for the intrusion earlier,” he said shyly but he made sure he kept his eyes locked on hers.
For some reason his intensity made her feel awkward. She opened her mouth to talk but it took a few seconds before anything came out.
“That is perfectly fine. An innocent mistake,” she assured, feeling shy herself.
“Annie,” he said her name quietly. She waited for him to say something else but he didn’t. When she looked at him expectantly it startled him into speaking. “I was just testing your name. That is your name?” He asked doubting himself.
“Yes, it is.” She thought he was silly and unlike most of the other uninteresting people she had met. “How do you find it?”
He placed his thumb and finger along his jaw in a thoughtful pose, glancing out the window and acting as if he was sloshing water around in his mouth. She expected him to stop after a reasonable time but when he continued far beyond her expectations she laughed at his antics. He stopped and looked at her, his pert smile showing his dimples on both cheeks.
“Well,” he said thinking for a moment. “I think it is beautiful.” His tender words surprised her and just like that the atmosphere became tense.
She blinked as if coming out of a trance and it broke the moment, which she was grateful for. She felt it was all rather awkward? Yes, that was it; awkward. That word kept coming to mind.
He leaned towards her and she stepped back thinking he was going to try and kiss her. He reached his strong arm around her and after a moment he pulled it back, openly displaying the answer as to why he was leaning towards her. He had been reaching for his belt.
“Your belt,” she said softly. He had grabbed it from where it was hanging on the partition.
“I will let you finish up in here,” he offered. After a moment of just looking at her he turned and walked out the door, closing it behind him.
“Jory,” she said his name to test it out for herself. It was unusual but she found that she liked it.
It was nice to have the company of another human since most of the people she knew were something else altogether. Not that she thought any less of them or loved them any less because of it. But to have another human, another friend just like her, it felt…normal. This brought a small smile to her unsuspecting lips.
Just as she was about to feel like her old self Baden came to mind and her enjoyment was soon stolen away from her. She stood wondering what he was doing right then. Giving up she went to find Martha and finally meet Everard. If he was anything like Jory she thought he would be more fun than most.

CHAPTER 2:

Baden sat in the room that he had claimed as his own. It was a simple library with a small collection of old books previously brought to the house by visitors. Some were from the original occupant but most were not. The room had a small fireplace, two reading chairs, a desk and a dusty old bookshelf housing some very old books.
The cottage had four rooms altogether, not including the kitchen and the library. The entire thing was made of wood; the floors, the walls and the roof. The furniture was well kept, and again made from wood but cushioned at least. Each room had a fireplace and the curtains and rugs, once brilliant with colour, were now rather dusty and faded from the sun. It was obvious only a man had lived there for centuries. However, it would be a rather nice place to live, all tucked away from society amongst a beautiful forest…that’s if it wasn’t a prison that made it feel like hell on earth.
Baden spent most of his days thinking of Annie but when it hurt too much he read. He had no idea what was going to happen but he knew there probably wasn’t much hope. Stewart came in and took a seat in front of him. He sat looking at him for a moment.
“Yes?” Baden asked brusquely without looking up from his book.
“You are sulking,” Stewart said, stating the obvious. The two had now been stuck together for weeks and Stewart was not one easily offended. In fact, he quite liked Baden. He wasn’t that bad once you got past all the anger.
Baden closed the book he had open in his lap and rolled his eyes. He and Stewart had gotten along well enough but Baden was someone who liked to keep everything to himself, Stewart however liked to share everything. He looked up to his new friend feeling free to show his irritation.
“For someone who has been in solitude for decades you would think you may have learnt the art of silence,” Baden said as he stood to put his book away.
“Correction, I have not been completely alone as I do have visitors on the odd occasion. And does it not make sense that the reality would be contrary to your deduction?” Stewart countered. “After having no other to talk to I would need to release everything.” Baden grunted as he placed the book back on the shelf.
“Well as you have come to know I am not one who needs such a release,” Baden said and moved to leave the room.
“I had a love once,” Stewart confessed before Baden could make it out the door. He was used to Baden’s abruptness. It didn’t bother him in the slightest, he quite liked Baden. Baden stopped and turned to him in question. “I was trapped in here and she was still out there, somewhere.” Baden hesitated before he took a seat where he had been sitting.
“So…” Baden prompted. Stewart looked around the room as if remembering his story then eventually looked back to his audience of one.
“Before I was changed I was betrothed,” Stewart said with the softest tone Baden had heard from him. “She was the loveliest creature I had laid eyes upon and she was mine.”
Baden had to swallow hard. He knew how this story would end but what made it difficult to hear was the fact this would be the end of his own story.
“When I was trapped in this place she was my only pursuit, though I could never obtain her. My visitors could not track her down for a long time and it was all I could do not to fall apart. The idea was, as soon as she was found I would have them bring her to me,” Stewart said.
“Did you find her?” Baden asked feeling anxious.
“So they found her,” Stewart said simply. Baden waited for what was to come and it felt like a lifetime before he answered. “They told me of her and her life. She had been trying to find me, she had searched many places and had ended in defeat when she could not.”
Baden hoped that all had ended well but the fact that Stewart was now in the house alone did not instil him with confidence.
“I asked them to bring her to me. As I waited for her to come I had time to consider what the options would be when she arrived. Would we live out forever trapped in this house together?” Stewart sighed and took a moment before he started talking again. “Would she stay even though she could leave...could I ask her to stay here with me? By the time she arrived I had made my decision,” Stewart said, regret obvious in his voice.
“And you pushed her away,” Baden guessed. Stewart paused for a long moment as he took a moment to think back and Baden could see the pain in his soul.
“There was no other choice,” Stewart explained. “When she came inside I was cold and unwelcoming. She pleaded with tears and pain and I almost gave in. But looking into her face I knew I had to do that for her. I knew I had to let her go.”
Silence filled the room and it echoed the hurt in both of their souls.
“What became of her life?” Baden asked quietly, trying to fend off the ache inside of him.
“I was told that she mourned. After time her soul mended and she found a love that could give her everything she deserved. He gave her a life, a family, a home. He gave her everything I could not.” Stewart’s face was covered in grief and his husky voice was filled with looming tears but he went on. “And she died when she became old and had lived her happy life, with her love by her side.”
Baden could not stand to be near Stewart any longer. His misery was too overwhelming and Baden left the room feeling suffocated from the emotion. But there was nowhere he could go. He was stuck in the house and he could not run away from any of it. He could not escape the horrible reality that was facing him; a lifetime without Annie.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door and it distracted Baden from his hurt. Stewart was at the door before Baden moved and it was opened to a young man. He was shorter than both men but still would have been taller than the average man, comparing him to their height was unfair because both of them were far taller than…everyone really. He had a strong build none the less. He had teal eyes, dark blonde hair to his shoulders and a flawless, youthful face. Eternally youthful fit him perfectly.
“Adam,” Stewart greeted with a smile and the young man came inside. When he saw Baden he froze with a look of shock on his face.
“Is this…” Adam said breathlessly without finishing.
“This is Baden,” Stewart introduced as he closed the door. This was the first visitor they had since Baden had been trapped and he came across as rather enthusiastic.
“Baden Brighton!” Adam exclaimed with an excited smile. Baden was confused and tried to recall if he had ever met the young man before.
“This is Adam Pennington,” Stewart introduced to Baden. “He was changed not long ago and has been more than willing to continue visiting ever since.”
The explanation was given without any hint of sarcasm and Baden was surprised by how genuinely Stewart enjoyed Adam’s company. Baden already almost couldn’t stand the young man, his soul was so bright with all different colours that it almost hurt to look at. Baden had to use energy just to push it from his sight so he wouldn’t throw Adam out. Not to mention the exhausting zeal, which most people would find endearing but Baden wasn’t most people.
“I was changed by an unknown snatcher,” Adam took over the story eagerly. Stewart smiled and let him take over. “I did not even see them when I was changed. Woke up on Stewart’s doorstep, like an orphan,” Adam rambled.
Baden didn’t bother to try and hide his dislike of Adam’s loquacious nature. Great, another talker.
“How old were you?” Baden asked.
“Eighteen,” Adam said proudly. “Though, truly I should be twenty one.”
“That is simply marvellous,” Baden said showing his impatience about a story he didn’t really care about. With a strained smile Baden started to walk away back to his library.
“Where is Annie?” Adam asked curiously as he glanced around the room, not realising what it would do to Baden. He stopped his exit immediately and turned back to the visitor.
“Excuse me?” Baden asked feeling completely lost.
“Annie, why is she not here?” Adam asked again looking around as if to spot her. Baden was in front of him in an instant and grabbed his shoulder to make him concentrate.
“What do you know of Annie?” Baden’s need to know consumed him.
“Baden,” Stewart said flicking Baden’s hand off Adam’s shoulder. He took charge and calmly looked at Adam, not speaking until he had his attention. “Why are you asking?”
“Well,” Adam hesitated looking between the two men. “Everyone knows,” he said as if it was obvious.
“What do they know?” Stewart asked quickly before Baden could say anything.
“The beast has been tamed,” Adam said trying to hide a smile as he looked at Baden.
“Me?” Baden asked with his hand to his chest and his brow furrowed.
“It was supposed that the stories were potentially dubious but as everything eventuated they turned from apocryphal to fact,” Adam explained.
“What stories?” Baden asked.
“The stories about you and Annie being in love,” Adam made a joke of the word.
“Who are the stories circulating to?” Baden demanded.
“Every snatcher with ears,” Adam said excitedly as if he envied the fame.
“Do they know where I am?” Baden asked feeling increasingly concerned about Annie.
“Yes. They all assumed she was here with you,” Adam explained.
“She is with Eli, at his manor,” Baden insisted feeling as if he was missing something.
“No, she is not. She has been missing from there since you have been in here.” A look of dread came across Baden’s face as he realised that Annie was missing and every creature out there knew who she was.
“Adam, do not tell anyone that Annie is not here and hinder all who attempt to come here,” Stewart said thinking quickly. “It is imperative that this is kept secret.” Adam nodded frantically seeing how serious Stewart’s face was.
“Can he be trusted?” Baden asked Stewart, he simply nodded.
“Good, find her,” Baden demanded of Adam.
“What?” Adam and Stewart chorused, looking to him for an explanation.
“Find her,” Baden repeated looking only at Adam. “Find her before any other. When you do ensure she is safe. If she is, do not speak with her and report back to us.”
“How will I find someone when I do not even know what they look like?” Adam asked feeling uneasy about being given the responsibility.
“Baden,” Stewart said with warning.
“I just need to know she is safe,” Baden explained and when he could see Stewart give in he turned back to Adam.
“She has long, dark hair. Her eyes are hazel and she reaches up to here,” Baden used his hand to measure her height on his chest. “She has creamy skin, a stunning smile and you will think she is rather beautiful.” Adam’s face became shy at the words. “Touch her and die,” Baden threatened not really believing that Adam would hurt her.
“Where should I start looking?” Adam asked feeling overwhelmed.
“Eli’s manor,” Baden directed. “Ask the help, do not go to him directly. Find out what you can from other snatchers ensuring they do not become suspicious of you.” Adam nodded trying to remember everything.
“Adam,” Stewart said interrupting Baden’s demands. “Come back to us in two days and let us know what you have found, even if it is nothing. Now go,” Stewart instructed and Adam backed up a few steps before he ran out the door.
Baden stood there watching long after he was gone.
“What if someone has her?” Baden asked. It felt as if his stomach wrapped itself around his heart.
“Do not fret, Adam is good at being inquisitive. He is a good boy, he will find her,” Stewart tried to comfort him.
“That is my hope,” Baden said and thought that it could also be his fear. What if Adam found her and it was too late? Or what if he found her and she had another? Or what if he couldn’t find her?
With a new worry taking over Baden thought all of it might be the end of him. And if she was hurt in any way, he hoped it would be.

CHAPTER 3:

When Annie was introduced to Everard she instantly liked him. With his salt and pepper hair, the slightest hint of lines around his eyes, a soft tan from years in the sun and his gentle manner he was everything she dreamed her own father should be. Martha and Everard were lovely together and it was obvious they truly cared for each other. It was almost more than Annie could take to see them together.
Today they were getting back to their search with vigour. Everard had brought some more books from the university but what Annie really wanted to do was go there, where most of the information was. She couldn’t understand their reluctance to take her.
“If it is necessary then we will journey there but for now we will search through the books we have,” Everard said with a kind smile.
Seeing no use in arguing Annie headed with him to the library where Jory and Martha were already settled with books. When they walked through the door Martha came to Everard immediately.
It’s not that Annie didn’t want them to have their love but it was hard to see them express it when all she wanted to do was the same with Baden. So giving them some privacy, and sparing herself from the torment, she shyly made her way to Jory. She had scarcely seen him since their first encounter a few days ago but it looked like they were going to be spending most of their time together if she wanted to continue to avoid what she couldn’t bear.
“Hello, Annie,” Jory whispered to her when she slid in next to him behind a large desk.
Their simple wooden chairs were sitting close together, which wasn’t a problem when one was empty. However, now that there was a person in both chairs they were now sitting incredibly close, closer than two people who just met should be sitting. Annie smiled uncomfortably and Jory did the same but she didn’t know if it was rude to move over or if it would be too obvious, so she sat there just looking at him.
“Hello,” she said quickly, realising that she hadn’t responded. It made him smile and she wasn’t sure if he was laughing at her or something else she missed.
She felt along the neckline of her dress to see if there was something there she had missed, a tangled tress or ruffled collar. Her hand brought his attention to the same area and she almost blushed when his eyes glanced down. Everything felt in order, except for the fact that Martha had chosen a light blue dress for her to wear. Annie had looked for a less colourful dress to wear but couldn’t find one, she was starting to think her friend was hiding her darker coloured dresses so she couldn’t wear them any longer.
Annie quickly looked down to the book resting on the table that Jory had been reading to try and distract them both from the unusual moment between them. After his gaze was broken he looked to the book also. Everard and Martha remained on the other side of the room but their low voices made a comforting background noise.
“Just researching,” Jory said stating the obvious. She nodded silently even though he wasn’t looking at her.
“Find anything?” She asked knowing that she would never be that lucky.
“No, I have not found a way to release this…Baden,” Jory said the name with a bite. Annie looked at him surprised and he turned to her.
“I appreciate you helping,” she said feeling guilty that he had been roped into doing this for her.
“I hope he does,” he said with emphasis.
“I believe...” Annie went to say Baden would appreciate it but she paused realising she couldn’t say with certainty.
“Who is he to you?” Jory asked and she was shocked that he hadn’t been told. What Annie didn’t know was that he had been told the entire story, which was the reason why he was asking.
There was frustration in Jory’s face and Annie didn’t understand why. He seemed like such a lovely, gentle person and his dislike of Baden caught her off guard.
“He is…” but she couldn’t think of a clarification. “He and…I…” But she didn’t have time to realise that she didn’t actually have an answer as they were abruptly interrupted.
“What are you doing?” Eli yelled as he burst through the door.
Everyone’s head shot around to find an enraged Eli making his way towards Annie. She stood, stumbling away from her chair, letting every bit of her shock and anger show.
“Eli, leave,” she demanded but he ignored her.
Jory stood brusquely and took her around the waist, pulling her close beside him. That took everyone by surprise, even Eli, and it caused him to pause his march. Annie looked up at Jory in question then remembered the matter at hand. She quickly looked back to Eli after a moment.
“What are you doing here?” Eli asked and for the first time he looked hurt rather than irate. His eyes kept darting back and forth between Jory, Annie and the arm that was tight around her waist.
“I am here to stay,” Annie said a little gutlessly.
“I have been searching for you everywhere!” He shouted. Everyone else remained silent and just stood looking at them.
“Why would you not look here first?” Jory interjected, all of a sudden seeming to know her background story.
“Are you being serious? Who are you?” Eli asked holding his hands out exasperated as if Jory was worthless in all of this. It annoyed Annie that Eli would talk to her friend that way.
“Someone who will stand in your way if you try to take Annie,” Jory warned with every bit of protection he felt for her.
One moment Annie felt the defensiveness she needed to argue with Eli, then the next moment the shock of Jory’s protectiveness took over. She felt like she was living two very different moments simultaneously.
“Like you could stand in my way,” Eli retorted as he moved towards the desk.
“Wait,” Everard appeared in front of Eli, as did Martha. He stopped abruptly with their appearance.
“Stand in my way and you die,” Eli threatened.
“Stop!” Annie screamed as she tried to move away from Jory but he wouldn’t let her go. Instead, he kept his arm around her waist and moved with her, standing next to her in between Eli and their new heterogeneous family.
When they were face to face with Eli she glanced at Jory sporadically, not really knowing how to act with him. She was surprised he was taller than Eli which didn’t seem to bother Eli in the slightest.
“You are coming with me, Annie.” Eli demanded, looking at her sternly.
“Are you willing to show me where Baden is?” Annie asked folding her arms across her chest as if to say it was not negotiable. He rolled his eyes and laughed.
“Baden does not seem to be your main concern by the look of things,” he said meaningfully as he glanced at Jory’s arm around her.
Annie completely missed his meaning because her mind had not even gone anywhere close to what Eli was thinking.
“Baden is all I think about and unless you are willing to help then I will be residing with Martha,” Annie said easily. Even if he was willing to show her she would still prefer to stay with Martha.
“And what if Micah comes back here?” Eli said to try and scare her into going with him. Her bravery faltered slightly but she regained what she could.
“What if he returns to your manor?” She said. “Here I have two snatchers and…” She looked to Jory then Back to Eli. “And Jory to help me.”
“Can you hear yourself?” Eli almost yelled. “Two snatchers…”
“Stop being so typical. You have never been able to look past what they are long enough to see who they are,” Annie yelled defensively.
“Because they are what they are,” he argued. Again everyone was quiet. Eli didn’t seem to care that he was being offensive to the majority of the room’s occupants. And neither of them seemed to care that they were arguing rather loudly in front of everyone else.
“I am not going with you, Eli.” She was sick of listening to him and she wanted this confrontation to be over.
Before anything else could be said he grabbed her wrist, then before anything else could be done Jory grabbed Eli’s wrist. Everyone froze for a moment, taking an audible breath in and then everything went into super-fast motion.
Jory released Annie and as soon as he did Eli shoved his chest but for some reason he wasn’t displaced from his stance. All of a sudden Jory and Eli were in a tumble. Martha quickly pulled Annie out of the way and Everard went to grab the two men. It was difficult to see what was happening but it was soon brought under control by Everard, as if he was a scolding parent. Everard stood between them and both of them straightened their clothes trying to make themselves look presentable again after their scuffle.
“You will not come with me?” Eli asked trying to sound civil. Annie just shook her head trying to comprehend what just happened.
He took a quick glance around and a longer look at Jory, as if he loathed him, before he walked to the door. Before he closed it he took another look at Annie then slammed it shut. That last look sent guilt through her, as she imagined he had intended it to.
“Well then…that went well,” Everard said sarcastically. Each of them looked around at the mess and felt a little more behind than they had been before. “You are cleaning this up,” Everard said to Jory regarding the askew furniture from his brawl.
Martha walked over to Everard silently, he took her hand and they walked out of the room together to try and plan how they could diminish Eli’s anger.
Annie and Jory just looked to each other when they were left alone.
“You are much more complicated than I first anticipated,” Jory said looking a little rougher than usual.
His white shirt was half untucked from his low sitting brown trousers. His hair was a little scruffy but he somehow still managed to look handsome. Annie took in a deep breath before she answered.
“Believe it or not, my life once was more ordinary than I am assuming you could imagine,” she said feeling defeated.
“I doubt that anything where you are involved could be described as ordinary,” he complimented. She smiled at his effort to try and make her feel better and it made her feel a little…what was that word? Awkward.
To distract herself she looked around the room. She assumed that Eli had been gentle with Jory because he didn’t seem hurt in the slightest but if the room was any indication their tumble had been anything but.
“Are you certain you are fine?” Annie asked, giving him a once over with her eyes.
He gave her one of his cheeky smiles and it gave her that awkward feeling. She started to feel like she was strange with the way her emotions were playing games lately. Trying to push the feeling away she fluttered her hands about and looked back at the room again.
“Are you…fine?” He surprised her by asking and she darted her eyes back to him.
He could tell there was something that was bothering her but he couldn’t put his finger on what it was. Annie had become very good at hiding her feelings and the fact that Jory could read her so easily made her feel vulnerable and most of all, cared for. She just nodded, brushing the awkwardness away and changed the subject.
“Let me help you clear this mess away,” she offered feeling a little lighter knowing she had found a new friend in Jory.
They started silently righting the furniture back to its place. The only noise in the room was when the legs of the furniture scraped on the carpet as they placed them back down. After a few moments of silence Jory decided to speak.
“So, I never got my answer,” he said with his eyes on her.
“Answer to what?” Annie asked without looking at him.
“About you and Baden,” he clarified. She froze for a moment but forced herself to keep moving.
She wished she had an answer as to what she and Baden were, she was sure they loved each other but they didn’t have a title as far as she was aware. Or did they? When she realised she hadn’t answered for a long while she looked up and found Jory staring at her just waiting for her to speak.
“We are…you see we have…” But everything she started to say kept coming up short.
“You do not know?” He guessed which surprised her.
“No, not in the way you are asking,” she said feeling relieved. Confusion played across his face which made her feel uncertain.
“Then why are you searching for him?” He wondered. He didn’t seem impressed by her situation at all and for some reason he made her question everything she knew of Baden.
The question was simple and if Eli had asked her, she would have just blurted out that they loved each other. But now that someone who was practically a stranger was asking, who had the bare minimum of details including the fact that she and Baden only had known each other for a short time, she felt foolish for even thinking of saying it.
“Because…we…” Annie faltered before she forced herself to answer with conviction. “We are in love.”
Instead of refuting her, which she expected him to do, he just nodded and went back to cleaning the room. She stood there watching him as he worked.
“And what of Eli?” Jory asked deciding to look at her again. He was asking rather personal questions but he didn’t seem to mind intruding on her personal life in the slightest.
“He is very adamant to keep me from Baden,” she answered the question she thought he was asking. Now they were both just standing there, looking at each other whilst they spoke.
“Have you had a relationship with him or is he just wasting his affections on you?” He said the words with no malice or sarcasm, it was a simple question but it made Annie feel confronted.
When she didn’t answer his eyebrows raised for a quick moment before he corrected himself.
“Not that any affection towards you would be wasted if you did not reciprocate them,” he added quickly. She missed the softness in his voice entirely.
“No, that is fine. I guess you deserve answers if I am going to expect you to help,” she said seeing it from his side.
“If you would prefer not to, please do not answer on my account.” He said it to be polite but he really did want the answers. He wanted to know why this woman was risking everything for someone who, if word be trusted, didn’t deserve her at all.
“I am happy to answer.” It was an overstatement but she decided not to express that. “Eli does have feelings towards me and I think if I had never met Baden then there is a chance that I would reciprocate them. However…”
“Baden,” Jory finished her thought. “I see. Well I cannot wait to meet this man, he seems to create quite a stir wherever his name is said.”
Annie just nodded and forced a smile onto her face before going back to work on the room.
The rest of the mess was cleaned in silence, both having their own internal thoughts take over. Annie hadn’t realised the extent of the fight until they had completely finished cleaning up the chaos.
“You are definitely sure you are feeling fine?” She asked Jory, inspecting his body with her eyes once again. He looked surprised and scrutinized himself to see if he was missing something she was seeing. When he saw everything was in place he looked up to her in question.
“I feel excellent,” he answered as if he were stating the obvious. She took a moment to look around the room. Though it had been righted some of the furniture was either broken or worse for wear.
“I assume you know that Eli is a tracker?” She asked. He nodded still not seeing how it made a difference. “Which means that he is stronger than…most,” she pressed. Jory laughed at her effort not to call him weak.
“I guess he took it easy on me,” he said with genuine humility and it made her warm to him even more. His sweetness made her forget what she had been asking and she deviated from her line of thinking.
“Well, thank you for doing that. You took my side when it was not required of you,” she thanked him shyly.
Opting not to speak his thoughts, he had already silently decided that he would do that every time she needed him to. For some reason he had a feeling that he would be doing that more often than not.

CHAPTER 4:

Baden sat waiting for Adam to return. He was sitting in the library, which he has claimed as his own, on the leather settee. He drummed his fingers constantly on the arm of the chair as he sat rigidly. He had been anxious every moment and thought he was about to go insane when he finally heard the young man run through the door. Baden was there in an instant.
“Have you found her?” He asked the frazzled Adam as he stepped across the threshold. He closed the door abruptly, causing it to slam which startled the young man.
Adam was dressed in casual brown slacks and a dark shirt, looking perfect as a helper in the stables. He twiddled his finger together nervously as Baden stood there just staring at him.
“Calm yourself, Baden,” Stewart said coming up from behind. He wasn’t afraid of Baden like everyone else was. “What have you found?” He asked kindly, placing a hand on Adam’s shoulder.
“I have become fast friends with the stable boy,” Adam said proudly. “As for Annie’s whereabouts…I do not know yet.” His mood changed instantly and he now seemed disappointed in himself.
Baden’s anger began to build up inside at the boys useless report but he held back from showing it, after all it wasn’t the boys fault. All of this was Eli’s fault. He was stuck in here because of him and now he couldn’t find Annie because of that.
Before anything else could be said the three of them heard someone coming before whoever it was had actually reached the house. Baden and Stewart ushered Adam into the back room before they went back to the door. They glanced at each other before Baden opened the door in time to see an infuriated Eli storming up to the house.
“What do you want?” Baden asked showing his dislike. The two of them stood in the door way to block a clear view and passage into the house.
“This is all because of you!” Eli yelled, pointing at Baden violently. He stopped his march when he was just out of reach of the house.
“What are you speaking of?” Baden asked, standing with his arms folded across his chest. Usually he found Eli irritating on his best day, but when Eli was angry he became even harder to tolerate.
“Annie is in an unsafe place because she is intent on finding you!” Eli accused with vigour.
Baden’s anger drained away as his heart fell. He slowly dropped his arms to his side and he looked defenceless as he stood there, pain written all over his face.
“Where is she?” He asked breathlessly.
“I will not tell you. For all I know you will have one of his visitors,” Eli said throwing his arm in Stewarts direction. “Track her down and bring her here.” Adam sat crouched in the back, fear filling him when he heard Eli’s words.
“Why would I do that?” Baden asked trying to sound innocent. “I just want to know she is safe.”
Stewart was annoyed at the fact that the trackers obviously knew he had others visiting him, which implied that they were still spying on him.
“You can suffer knowing that she is unsafe because of you,” Eli said sounding almost joyed with the thought of Baden’s suffering.
“This is your burden to bear. You could bring her here and then she would be safe instead of looking for me,” Baden shouted viciously. He had found his anger once again.
“Because this place is completely safe,” Eli’s voice was oozing with sarcasm.
“If you are not going to help then you can crawl away and die if you like,” Baden spat the words. Eli couldn’t help but look shocked at the hateful words, even though it shouldn’t have been a surprise.
Stewart stood there in silence for the whole exchange but now he stood there awkwardly, trying to needlessly redistribute his weight quietly to pretend he wasn’t witnessing their argument. He thought the words were harsh but not necessarily undeserved. 
“One more thing before I leave,” Eli said clearly making sure he had Baden’s attention. “You may find that you have lost Annie in more ways than one.” Without another word Eli left and they watched until he was out of sight.
Baden had no idea what he was referring to, he thought it was just empty words meant to try and hurt him. In that case they had fallen short of their task. As Stewart closed the door Adam ran out to them with fear written all over his face. The two of them turned at his urgency and gave him their attention, though Baden’s thoughts were somewhere else.
“What if he finds out that I am assisting you and he kills me?” He asked panicked and Baden actually felt guilty, it was his fault that this young man was being put in danger. And there was absolutely nothing in it for him. Baden placed a light hand on Adam’s shoulder trying to mimic Stewart comforting ways.
“I sincerely do not believe for a second that Eli would kill you. He only has permission to kill a snatcher if they are a threat and a young man like you would not be perceived as that,” Baden said trying to sound confident. He wasn’t certain that Eli wouldn’t kill him but what else did he have? Adam was the only way he was going to know Annie was safe. Again he felt guilty but the thought of Annie in danger pushed it away.
Adam nodded hesitantly and when he wasn’t looking Stewart and Baden exchanged an anxious glance.
“Just stay out of Eli’s way and continue to try and extract information from the stable boy,” Stewart instructed. “Now get going.” He gave Adam a good slap on the back as he opened the door for him. With a look of hesitation the young man was off, a little more wary than usual but he was off none the less. Firm encouragement from Stewart, a man he looked up to, gave Adam the courage he needed to look past the danger and think of helping an innocent young woman.
“This is hopeless,” Baden said when he was sure Adam was out of earshot.
“It does seem that way,” Stewart agreed not comforting his friend as expected. Baden looked at him terrified that he was admitting it too and Stewart laughed. “Of course she is fine. Eli knows where she is, it cannot be that dangerous if he is allowing her to be there,” Stewart assured him, making certain his face portrayed his joke.
“Do not do that again,” Baden warned seriously before he walked away.
“It was in jest!” Stewart squeezed the words in just before Baden slammed the library door. Stewart rolled his eyes. “Note to self, Baden does not have a sense of humour.”
“Not when it comes to Annie,” Baden’s muffled voice came from behind the closed door and Stewart couldn’t help but smile to himself.
“I will keep that in mind for next time,” Stewart whispered then there was a pause.
“I suggest you do,” Baden said and Stewart outright laughed this time. He couldn’t believe Baden had heard him. He had spoken quietly enough so a snatcher could not have heard him, though Baden was not just any soul snatcher.
If Baden hadn’t been concerned for Annie he may have smiled to himself but instead he laid across the settee and tried to mediate the fear and push away the pain from missing her. Another day had fallen away and no one was any closer to where they wanted to be since when they first begun.
Stewart warily crept to the library door and opened it, waiting for Baden to react. When he didn’t hurl something through the air at him he decided to come in. Baden’s arm was crossed over his face as he tried to push away the anxiety that was taking over. Stewart stood there watching him just lay there, looking nothing like the menace that all the tales portrayed Baden as.
“Why do you hate your brother so much?” Stewart dared to ask.
Though hard to believe, Baden became even more still at the question and Stewart wondered if he should have risked asking it. Baden uncovered his eyes and looked up at Stewart forebodingly and Stewart began to blurt out the first thing he could think of.
“It is just that you seem to have been able to divide your family’s assets and retain your rights to properties and businesses after you changed, so you are someone who never has to be without…” Stewart rambled until his words petered off into a trail of incoherent babble.
Baden sat up slowly on the settee, as if he was ailed by some affliction. The leather of the seat squeaked as he moved, mirroring the soft moan that escaped on Baden’s breath. Baden rubbed his face clear of something that could never be wiped away, and that was the pain of unwanted memories. He motioned for Stewart to sit down so he took a nearby chair, it was small and uncomfortable. Just a plain, old wooden chair but he thought it best not to complain because he was cautious that Baden would close himself off at any moment. After Stewart was positioned as comfortable as he could be, which looked rather uncomfortable at best, there was a long silence.
Baden just sat there staring off into nowhere, as if he wasn’t even on the planet anymore. After the silence began to stretch into uncomfortable territory Stewart started to feel guilty.
“You do not have to…” Stewart began to say but Baden cut him off.
“No…I want to.” After a pause Baden told the story he had been trying to forget for too long.

1801
The two men stood in the dark alley way waiting for their target. The early morning was a little cooler than usual but nothing they couldn’t withstand. They were as different as night and day yet they were still the closest of companions.
Baden gripped his dagger trying to get accustomed to the feel of it. He wouldn’t admit it to anyone but he was always a little nervous when they were about to fight. Though what made him more nervous was the thought of something happening to his little brother.
After their parents had died, Baden had taken it upon himself to take care of Eli, even though they had Garrick. He saw it as his responsibility to keep Eli safe, no matter what the cost. He was prepared to lose his own life if that’s what it took.
“Eli, are you certain this is where he is?” Baden asked, slyly peeking around the corner to a nearby tavern.
His hands had become slippery with perspiration against the newly discovered metal. It had just been decided that their daggers would be refitted with a new handle, one made of chromium. Baden didn’t care too much for it, it was too polished and made it more difficult to grip. But, like everything else, it wasn’t up to him to decide these things.
Eli looked around from his stealthy stance against the wall. His blonde hair sat a little shorter than most unlike Baden’s longer, swept hair. Eli’s skin was tanned and his eyes were dark. He was shorter than Baden but still strong, no one they had ever met was taller than Baden. Eli kept a more polished look than his brother, always keeping his stubble shaven whereas Baden might let his grow for a few days before he groomed.
“Badenoch,” Eli started to explain but was interrupted.
“Shhhh….” Baden demanded. Eli looked at him in question. “I have asked you many times not to address me as such!” Eli rolled his eyes and turned to watch for their expected company.
“Sorry, ‘Baden’.” Eli covered the name in sarcasm. “Yes, I am certain this is the place.”
Just as Eli had finished speaking a couple stumbled out from the tavern, laughing and having a good time as they draped themselves on one another. Eli looked to Baden with wide-eyed triumph. Baden rolled his eyes at his brother’s gloating and shooed him out of the alley. They followed the couple at a distance through the cobbled streets they knew well. The day had just begun for many but for others it was about to end.
“Put that away you fool, Baden,” Eli whispered frantically. Baden looked to his hand gripping the dagger and quickly flicked it up into his sleeve, leaving the people around none the wiser.
It was crowded considering the early hour but then that part of town always was. The buildings were cramped together, clusters of taverns and brothels were scattered throughout. Eli and Baden looked under dressed and scruffy compared to the rest of the crowd. The people on the streets were still dressed in their clothes from the night before. When they worked they couldn’t wear restricting clothes, they needed to be agile and flawless. Unrestricted by tight, layered clothing. You only made a mistake once in their occupation, after that you were dead.
They tailgated their targets and saw the pair make their way to the graveyard.
“Why is it always the graveyard?” Baden asked a little annoyed, he hated graveyards.
“Not many people, leave the body and wait…” Eli explained concisely.
“I know that. It was a rhetorical question, Eli,” Baden said as the couple made their way past the large, iron gates into the cemetery.
“If you do not want an answer then think the question in your head.” Eli kept his eyes on their destination as he spoke, missing Baden roll his eyes at his brother’s literalness. “This one is more refined,” he commented inspecting their target.
“There must be a new snatcher in town,” Baden commented as he looked closer at the pair. Eli couldn’t help the concerned look that snuck onto his face.
They walked into the graveyard and crept in silence through the endless sea of tombstones, trying to sense where the couple had gone. The trees rustled in the breeze, making it a little more difficult to distinguish certain noises.
 Soon enough they heard the woman laugh and headed in the direction of the sound. They moved behind a sepulchre and peered around the structure but from where they could only see the man. Eli and Baden looked at each other a little confused but with a nod from Eli they moved out from their hiding place.
“Nice morning for a graveyard stroll,” Eli said casually as he walked next to Baden.
“Yes, it is quite lovely. Do you agree, Sir?” Baden addressed the man. The stranger looked between the two frantically, trying to gauge a way out.
“You think I will not take at least one of you?” The man asked trying to hide his fear. The sun started to peak over the horizon and the grey of the morning was starting to be washed away by the light.
“Tell us your name and who made you and we might reconsider. Time is not on your side,” Eli threatened.
“Wesley, and I do not know,” the man answered. He had taken a few steps back but Baden had noticed and casually closed the distance between them.
“Why are you so afraid?” Baden asked in wonder at Wesley’s strange reaction.
Baden stood with his hands in his pockets as if he didn’t have a care in the world. It was his way of playing with his victim, making them feel even more frightened with his confidence. Eli never liked how Baden did this because he wasn’t sure if Baden truly grasped the seriousness of the situation but his concern never stopped his brother.
“You think I have not heard of you?” Wesley snarled. Baden and Eli glanced at each other, Baden’s grin almost stretched off his face. Baden had always been stronger than any other tracker to date but his capabilities were also known among the snatchers and this did nothing but spur on their dislike of him.
“Tell us, what have you heard?” Baden provoked. Eli had warned Baden on countless occasions not to prolong interactions with snatcher unnecessarily but that never seemed to stop it happening.
“Enough to know a losing battle,” is all Wesley said. Before anything else happened he started to run.
Eli was quick but Baden was faster. He caught up to Wesley, grabbed him from behind and threw him onto the ground covered in morning dew. Baden stood over him and blocked him from moving. Wesley looked up in fear as Eli approached.
“Tell us, who made you?” Baden demanded. Baden was easily provoked into becoming hostile, which was something he had been reprimanded for. Eli never felt comfortable when his brother became angry because he was volatile at best.
“I do not know!” Wesley yelled as if Baden must be stupid for not understanding. The way he spat the words incensed Baden and he bent down, driving the dagger through the creature’s chest.
Without so much as a whimper Wesley’s body fell limp and looked like a rather new corpse.
“Baden, why did you do that?” Eli scolded. This was exactly why he hated when Baden became angry, he would always kill their captive before they could extract any useful information from them.
“He could tell us nothing of value,” Baden defended himself. “In any case, he is new. He looks like a fresh corpse. He would know nothing.” He always had a way of being able to tell if someone was lying or not but he had no explanation as to how he could discern it.
“How could you know that before you stabbed him?” Eli argued. Before Baden could say anything the woman who had been with Wesley walked out of the shadows of the trees. She looked shaken and scared. The two just looked to each other then back to the woman.
“Miss, are you hurt?” Eli asked her, ensuring he kept his distance. She looked around as if she was lost. After a moment Baden started walking towards her.
“Baden,” Eli’s voice was drenched in warning. But Baden being Baden ignored his brother and continued on his way.
“Miss, what is your name?” Baden asked gently as he stopped a few feet away. There was something strange about her that he couldn’t quite decipher. Her dress alone looked like it was from another era altogether. She definitely was from around there.
“It is Mary,” she whispered, her face pale and emotionless. She looked to the ground as if in shock. Baden turned and looked to Eli for instructions but he just shrugged his shoulders.
Suddenly Baden was grabbed from behind with brutal force. He felt the sharp teeth sink into his skin and the hot bane rush through his veins. He yelled in pain as the fresh morning sun hit his face and felt like it was burning his skin. He pushed her away then dropped to the ground.
The dew from the grass seeped into his clothes as the blood ran down his neck, staining the ground beneath him. The bane felt cold, so cold that it burned through his body. He couldn’t move from the pain of it and he could feel his heart begin to slow, constricted by the foreign substance within him. He could feel it pulsing through his blood, changing everything within him. She had not been able to get much bane into him before he had thrown her away from him but it had been enough.
He could barely breathe and yet he didn’t want to. He knew what he was being turned into and he would do anything to stop it. But there was nothing he could do, there was nothing that would stop him from being changed into the same creature that he was designed to kill. The creature that had killed his parents, the creature that was his brother’s enemy. The creature he would soon be.
Eli had seen it coming but had not been fast enough. He ran to protect Baden from the coming attack but he didn’t make it in time. The snatcher wiped her mouth clean of the blood and looked to Eli. He stopped, pulling out his dagger and bracing himself, ready to attack.
“One down, one to go…Eli,” she said with a hiss behind his name.
She didn’t even take a defensive stance as she began to circle him. Eli was shocked that she knew his name, he knew all the snatchers in the area and he had never seen her before.
Even through Baden’s pain he could still hear Mary and his brother. A fear filled him, his brother was in danger and there was nothing he could do about it. He lay there useless, all because he was too rash instead of being careful like Eli had told him to be so many times before this moment.
 “Curious creatures, you trackers.” She looked almost repulsed as she watched him.
“How do you know my name?” He asked, moving around in a circle as she stalked around him.
“I know much more than your name, Eli.” Mary cocked her head to one side as if she heard something, though Eli could hear nothing. “We will finish this another time.” Then she was gone.
The sun shone over the scene and by the mood of the light it felt like it should be a joyful day…except it wasn’t. Baden’s body now lay lifeless on the ground. His heart was frozen in the transition stage and in a few days it would beat again but only he wouldn’t be the same Baden anymore.
After Baden’s heart stopped beating for the transformation he didn’t experience anything. He woke a few days later in a crypt, atop a stone coffin. The air was musty and old. As he awoke he lay there, staring at the stone roof. He could see, as he had before only in so much more detail. He sat up and looked around and quickly jumped off the coffin he was laying on. After all that was someone’s grave. He patted himself down to find that his dagger was missing but he was too distracted to worry about it. It was like he had just been born again.
Everything was so much more intense than he remembered. Was it that he had just never taken much notice when he was a tracker or where things meant to be this enhanced? He looked at his clothes, stained with his own blood. He could smell the dried blood and he knew that it had been sitting on him for five days. He didn’t know how he knew, it was as if it was built into him to know. Like he was an animal full of natural instincts that he couldn’t explain, he just knew. He felt like there was an energy buzzing around inside of him, busting to be set free. So he decided to listen to its demands.
He slid the door to the crypt open as if it was a curtain. It was lighter than he expected it to be and he stumbled forward because he wasn’t prepared for it to rush open as it had. The sun was beating down so brightly that it took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the intensity. When they finally did he looked upon the world with new eyes. He could see and hear for miles. He could smell everything around with more certainty and he could distinguish what every smell was. He could tell exactly which direction the breeze was blowing from, the temperature and the strength at which it blew. Things he had never been able to discern before in his life. Everything looked different, brighter. Colours were more defined and the ever nagging energy within him thrilled him endlessly. He wanted to run but where was he going to run to?
The only place he could think of was to go to Eli. With a smile on his face he was about to run to find his brother and share the news of his new discoveries. They could work together to do better, they could use his information about what it was like to be a snatcher to capture them better. They now had the advantage to finally defeat snatchers.
 “Stop,” Eli yelled just as Baden was about to run off.
Baden froze, keeping his back to his brother. Though he couldn’t see Eli’s face he could feel his soul and it was filled with anger. Baden’s smile dropped as he slowly turned to face Eli. When he saw his brother it was again with new eyes but this time it did not give him delight. He could actually see Eli’s soul, he could see into it like he was looking in through a window and he couldn’t stand what he saw.
Quickly Baden pushed the sense he didn’t even realise he was using away so he could no longer view inside his brother but it didn’t erase the memory. Eli was filled with disgust towards Baden. He had come, not to help Baden on his new journey and overcoming the pain of turning into everything they had hated, he had come to kill him. His own brother who would nothing of the sort.
What surprised him most about his new form was that his emotions were so much more intense. He remembered the loss of his parents and his rage and misery about it was almost more than he could take. When he was a tracker it had been the most debilitating experience of his life but as a snatcher even the thought hurt just as much, if not more than, the moment it had happened to him as a child. But now standing here, his brother with dagger in hand ready to kill him, consumed him. At first the pain of the betrayal almost stole all their air from his lungs but soon enough his survival instinct kicked in. Anger and adrenaline shot through his body and he automatically braced himself with a defensive stance. He no longer was a tracker needing learned skills to survive, he was a snatcher, an animal fuelled by emotions and naturally capable. Eli was the nearest danger and he had to be dealt with. Baden’s instinct, along with the betrayal of his only brother took over and he would not be able to see reason in this situation.
“I cannot let you go,” Eli warned as bravely as he could. He knew what Baden was capable of as a tracker and he wasn’t looking forward to what was about to happen.
“I am leaving no matter what,” Baden warned. Eli started nodding slowly as he planned his next moves, fearful of how it would end. Not for his sake but for Baden’s.
“Baden,” Eli said as his voice broke with pending tears.
“Do not try to seem bothered by what you came here to do.” Betrayal rang through Baden’s voice but when he heard his own words they made him pause. He had almost growled them and it caused him to hear the animal part of him taking over. Realising the dangerous line he was treading he decided not to fight his brother. It was best if he just left.
So Baden turned and headed for the trees, he would disappear and never return to this place. Before he made it too far he heard something whip through the air and he moved his head quickly, avoiding its impact. Shooting past his face and piercing the tree in front of him, Eli’s dagger jutted out from the bark, the sun reflecting off the menacing design.
Baden turned back to Eli with a wild viciousness he could not control.
“You asked for this,” Baden said before he was upon Eli.
AS Baden moved it was faster than he had ever moved before. He had to slow himself down as he threw the first punch or he would have shattered Eli’s jaw with the impact.
He moved so quickly it caught Eli off guard and he felt winded from the force of Baden’s fist against his face. He recouped himself and started fighting back. Each punch given by one was met with another from the recipient. Their brawl spread through part of the graveyard. Tombstones smashed when Baden and Eli were thrown to the ground by the other but this stopped neither of them. As sunrise broke into the full day Baden gained the upper hand because he was not just any ordinary snatcher, he was a tracker now turned.
Baden was done with wasting his time and going easy on Eli so he threw him to the ground and pinned him with his foot. Baden bent down and looked into Eli’s eyes. He was about to kill Eli, every part of his new nature was urging him to do so, to eliminate the threat. But as Baden looked at his brother all he could see was the person he once loved and vowed to protect. Battling against his instinct was harder than he thought but he managed to.
“I am leaving,” Baden hissed the words and after he spoke he turned to leave.
Eli propped himself off the ground and watched him walk away. Baden walked up to the tree with the dagger in it and stopped. He looked at the dagger that Eli had thrown, intent to kill him and his disgust towards his brother grew. He desired to kill him for betraying him like this but another desire seeped into him. A desire to torture him for even contemplating such an action against his own brother, a brother who had loved him.
Baden pulled the dagger from the tree with little effort and looked over his shoulder to Eli. He threw the dagger purposely so it landed a foot away from Eli, a way to show that their feud has just begun. Then Baden was gone.
Stewart sat there silently after he heard the story. He had never personally had a brother but if had one and he came back to kill him…he probably would have felt like Baden had. And he couldn’t believe that Baden was going to actually help Eli after he was changed, he never intended to be what he had become. It was all because of Eli’s betrayal.
“So…” Baden said coolly. “As after that encounter I divided our assets before Eli could ensure that I was cut off, I disappeared and became a nightmare in my brother’s life.”
And another piece of the puzzle that was Baden had been uncovered. But there was a part of the story that Baden didn’t know.
1801
After Baden had been attacked Eli slowly walked over to him, his lifelong companion, and knelt beside him. He knew what he had to do. He walked over to the sepulchre they had hidden behind and opened the entrance. To any other this would be an impossible feat but for Eli it was not difficult because of his abilities.
With a burdened soul he walked over to his brother’s body lay lifeless on the ground and picked him up, heaving as he did. Baden was nothing but muscle and his lifeless weight made him even heavier. Eli managed to move him into the tomb and laid him as gently as he could atop the occupied stone coffin. And for the first time in years he cried.
After minutes fell into hours Eli found nothing else to do except leave, he would be back, waiting every moment until it happened. So all that was left to do was wait and see. Who knew, maybe his brother was strong enough to not be changed. In the history of all the trackers no one had ever been as strong as Baden. Maybe that meant he could overcome this? Though in his heart he knew what was going to happen.
Eli walked out of the tomb and saw Wesley lying on the ground. He disposed of his body in the woods mindlessly. As he went to leave he remembered the dagger. He paused before he forced himself to return to Baden and collect the rare weapon. Then he left for his house, the house he once shared with Baden.
Once home Eli slammed the door and threw the daggers across the room, Baden’s and his own. The house was enormous with many rooms and extravagant furniture. His parents had been wealthy and after they died they had left everything to both of them. He covered his face trying to mask the agony he felt inside.
“Sir,” Garrick addressed his employer. He stood with his hands behind his back and waited. He was an older man but his looks were deceiving, he was stronger and sharper than most. He dressed professionally and was always ready to serve. He was Eli’s butler and he had known him and Baden since they were a young boy.
“He is gone,” Eli said as he looked gravely from his place at the closed door. Garrick nodded and silently moved to make some tea to settle Eli. It was going to be a long few days.
A few nights had passed since Eli had started waiting in the graveyard. Tonight, like the others, he sat outside the sepulchre Baden lay in. If he was honest with himself there was part of him that almost hoped that Baden was still alive, if you could even call it that. Then he remembered what he would have to do if he were. He pushed the thought away as he waited. Garrick had offered to accompany him but he refused. He had to do this alone. He had to kill his own brother and it broke him.
As the last night turned into early morning Eli’s heart felt a little lighter. The closer dawn drew the more likely it would mean it wasn’t going to happen. Still, Eli waited. Days passed, the bane taking intricate care to make Baden into the perfect, indestructible killer he would become. And Eli waited, day in day out for his brother to turn.
 As the sun peaked out from its resting place and the first parts of night disappeared Eli decided to leave. He placed the dagger back inside his jacket pocket, which was designed specifically for it, and turned to head home. He froze when he heard stone scraping against stone; it was the heavy door to the tomb. Eli raced back to where he had been waiting all night to find Baden about to walk away into the trees surrounding the graveyard.
Eli’s heart stopped when he saw Baden. This was the moment that would define his life, he could be faithful to his own kind; the trackers and do his job, or he could spare his brother’s life. And as he watched Baden standing there as a new creation, he knew what he had to do.
Unbeknown to Eli, his actions all those years ago would trigger a catastrophic chain of events. Events, in which, they all found themselves amongst presently and would soon step into in the future. And only time would tell if they would all make it.

CHAPTER 5:

Annie slept soundly in her room, the window was open to let the cool night air drift in. It helped her sleep better because it reminded her of the times that Baden would sneak into her room and visit her.
Suddenly the breeze had picked up but she remained asleep through the small disturbance. That is until she heard a noise.
When she eventually stirred she wasn’t sure if she had heard something or if something in her dream had woken her. It had been raining earlier that night so maybe it was just the earth settling in again.
She waited a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim light being cast into the room but it did nothing to help her see better. She reached over to her bedside table to try and find the lamp but she failed to locate it.
Deciding that she felt too uneasy to stay in the room by herself she slowly pushed the covers back and moved off the bed, edging her feet along the floor until she found the door. Her heart was beating so fast she thought she could feel it hitting the walls of her chest. Managing to keep her breathing low she opened the door as quietly as she could and moved into the hallway. She trailed her hands across the walls to guide her through the darkness. She wasn’t sure who was in what room because she didn’t usually venture around up there and in the dark everything seemed foreign.
Eventually she made it to a door and deducing it was a bedroom she creaked it open and slid in, closing the door behind her. The curtains were open and she could make out a figure lying on the bed so she carefully made her way to them. The bed was as huge as her own and the figure was on the other side so she crawled onto the bed and moved over to the person. Softly touching their back through the sheets she nudged whoever it was.
“Is that you, Jory?” She whispered feeling a little better now that she was near another person.
He moaned quietly in his sleep but said nothing else. The eerie feeling she had before still lingered so she persisted.
“Jory, it is Annie,” she whispered louder. He took a sharp breath in and turned over abruptly, startling her with his movements. He looked around dazed before he focused on her sitting on the bed.
 “Annie?” His voice was husky from the sleep. “Is something the matter?” He asked sitting up in a panic.
“No, everything is fine…” she assured him and he relaxed instantly.
He was bare chested which probably shouldn’t have been surprising because he had been sleeping but it still seemed to cause her to feel distracted for a moment.
“What is it?” He asked trying to push the drowsiness away by rubbing his face.
“I…think I heard a noise,” she said the words quickly. She felt childish saying it but she couldn’t help but feel afraid.
“Oh,” he said waking up a little more. “Would you like me to check your room?” He asked as he found his consciousness.
“I do not think you will find anything,” she said feeling even more foolish. “But I do not want to go back in there.” For a moment there was a pause and she started to feel embarrassed for a reason that eluded her. “I am being stupid, never mind,” she said as she started to move off the bed.
“You are not being anything other than cautious,” Jory assured as he gently grabbed her wrist, stopping her from moving away. “If you feel that way then stay here tonight,” he suggested with no ulterior motive behind it.
There was nothing but concern for her in his voice and it made her want to cry with relief. She took a moment to think, weighing up how scared she was to return to her room with how awkward it might be if she stayed. When she recalled Eli’s words about Micah returning she was filled with enough fear to outweigh everything else.
“Would it be too imposing if I stayed?” She asked softly.
“I will just have to suffer the inconvenience for the night,” he said and she could hear the smile in his voice. He was teasing her.
She jumped under the covers in a rush and curled the blankets around her. She peered up at him through a cloud of white linen surrounding her.
“I hope you do not snore,” she said picking up the joke where he left off. “I would be horribly offended if my sleep was interrupted at a late hour.” Jory couldn’t help but laugh at her fun as he settled back into the sheets himself.
“Let us hope that your intruder did not follow you into this room, I do not think there is enough bed space left,” he said realising too late that it was an insensitive thing to say.
When Annie remained quiet because of her fear he tried to think of something to say that would comfort her. When no words came to mind, he took her small hands under the cover and closed them into his encompassing grasp. They were warm and reassured her as he intended them to be.
“Do you think Micah will return?” Annie asked quietly, feeling better that she had someone to talk to about it.
Her face was illuminated by the blue moonlight and Jory could see the fear there, fear that she was going to be hurt this time rather than living through a close call like last time. Forgetting that they had only known each other a short time he pulled her into his arms and embraced her. At first she was stiff in his hold but soon she let herself relax into him and feel comforted by him.
“I will not let anything happen to you,” he promised and she didn’t even doubt his words for a second.
She looked past the fact that he was only human and both of them put together stood no chance against a snatcher but she was still put at ease by his words.
“Thank you,” she said and she couldn’t help but laugh a little. He looked down to see what she was doing but he couldn’t see her face because she didn’t look up at him.
“What are you laughing for?” He asked gently and his voice made her feel even safer.
“Just you coming to my rescue again,” she answered feeling appreciative.
“All in a day’s work,” he said on an exaggerated breath which made her laugh even more.
“Such a torturous life you lead,” she joked.
“I lead,” he spoke at the same time she finished her sentence. “I was about to say that but you stole my line.”
“You will have to think quicker next time to try and keep pace with my whit,” she said laughing.
Before she had time to react he grabbed a pillow and playfully hit her over the head with it. Her hair flicked over her face from the gust of it and she lay there staring up at him wide eyed and mouth agape.
“You will have to move quicker next time to try and keep pace with my incredibly fast reflexes,” he warned using her words against her.
She was about to reach for a pillow but she was constricted by his arms. She gave a mock-stern look as she found that he played dirty.
“You are such a cheater!” She accused play-furiously into his face. Holding her tight he blew her hair from her face and waited a moment before he spoke. His breath was warm and smelled like honey.
“Truce?” He bargained with her.
“Truce,” she agreed seeing no other way than to play dirty herself.
As soon as he loosened his grip enough for her to free her arms she grabbed a pillow and hit him with it. Before he gathered himself she raised her hands in surrender and looked up at him bracing herself for his retaliation.
“I deserved that,” he admitted and decided not to win…for the time being. “Until next time,” he said trying to dramatically overstate the phrase.
The words were like cold water being thrown over her. Baden used to say them to her and for a moment she had forgotten all the pain of her present situation until just now. Without warning it all came crashing down and she instantly felt sober. Jory could see she lost some of her fun and wasn’t sure why. Sensing that she didn’t want to talk about it he let it drop and reluctantly withdrew his arms from around her. He lightly touched her chin between his thumb and finger trying to ease what she was feeling.
“Everything will turn out for the best, Annie,” he promised softly and she wanted to believe him so bad she almost did. She gave a little smile and pulled herself further into the sheets as if they would protect her from it all.
“Hope so,” she said doubtfully. She pulled the pillow close to her and nestled into it wishing it could be Baden. Jory saw the tiredness in her eyes and smiled a little.
“Now get to sleep young lady. If I had known you were such a ruckus I would have slept in yesterday to prepare myself.” He went back to joking and it pulled a smile back onto her face.
“One question,” she said and he gave her all of his attention as if what she was about to say was incredibly important. “Do you have honey in your tea?” The question was so random he smiled earnestly, feeling pleased that he had met her.
“In fact, I do,” he answered. “Why do you ask?”
“No reason,” she said avoiding having to tell him that she liked the smell of his warm, sweet honey-breath.
“One question,” he mimicked her and she smiled at his fun. “Do you sleep mostly on your left side?” He asked noticing the soft pillow creases that had been on her face since she had first come into the room. She furrowed her brow then smiled.
“Yes, I think I do,” she answered. “Why do you ask?”
“No reason,” he said mostly to copy her.
He was also trying to avoid having to tell her that he planned on sleeping facing her and was making sure he wouldn’t have to reposition their sleeping arrangements. It was perfect because he typically slept on his right side anyway.
There was a comfortable silence between them and they were both happy to embrace it. Though when the tiredness became too much and she couldn’t hold on any longer she broke the silence.
“Thank you, Jory,” she said drowsily but with every bit of gratefulness in her.
“Thank you, Annie,” he said with a hint of silliness but with every bit of sincerity in him.
And just like that they were best friends.
Aliyah stood outside the manor, looking up into Jory’s room. She had tried to speak with Annie alone but she had left the room before anything could be said. Aliyah hadn’t wanted to frighten Annie and cause her to scream for help and have the whole household running in after her. So Aliyah had tried to think of a way to not terrify her but came up with nothing except for taking her captive and that definitely was not abiding by the rules she was bound by. She had only chosen that time to seek Annie out because she had been so surrounded with people that she was never alone other than in her room at night.
But now her task went unresolved and it was frustrating to no end. She wasn’t used to failing at things and she didn’t like it one bit. All she had now was Annie’s dressing gown to take to Jehson, the strongest prophet in her realm. Sometimes it helped to see things more clearly by having an object belonging to the person whose future they were trying to see. Though most of the time it did not. Leaving in her frustration she disappeared in a gust of wind that unsettled the trees close by, leaving a trail of gold dust behind in her wake. She made her way to Jehson. He would have to help her figure out a way around this, that’s if he even could.

CHAPTER 6:

Jory woke the next morning before Annie did to find her wrapped up in his arms. He froze not wanting to wake her and laid there just holding her. Very slowly he inched his head down and took in the smell of her hair. She stirred a little and he froze again but this time she fluttered her eyes open. It took Annie a moment to realise where she was but when she did she looked up at Jory feeling embarrassed.
“Good morning,” he said quietly. She smiled from his gentleness and stretched out the sleep from her limbs. Reluctantly he let her go to do so.
“Do you know the hour?” She asked sleepily. Before he could answer there was a frantic knock at his door which startled them both.
“Jory,” Everard yelled through the door. “Annie is missing!”
Before either Jory or Annie could move Everard and Martha burst through the door in a panic. Martha ran into the back of Everard when he stopped abruptly after witnessing the scene before him. Everyone looked at each other awkwardly and the room was filled with an uncomfortable silence.
“Well then, at least we found her,” Martha said trying to break the silence. Everard looked to Martha as if to ask her what to do but no one had an answer.
“This looks rather incriminating,” Jory said as he stepped out of bed, though the fact that he was only wearing long johns made it look even worse.
Everyone’s eyes travelled to his pants then back at Annie who was completely covered by sheets. She quickly jumped out of bed on the opposite side to Jory to reveal herself fully clothed in a modest nightdress.
“I am completely dressed!” She declared.
“Annie believed she heard someone in her room last night,” Jory retold last night’s event looking to Annie for assistance with the story. She looked over at him wide eyed and full of energy, ready to defend herself.
“Yes, I did!” She confirmed enthusiastically. “So I made my way as best I could through the dark for I could not find my lamp,” she explained. “Jory’s was the first room I entered and because I was frightened he suggested that I stay here.”
Martha and Everard looked between both of them and if they didn’t know them better they would see nothing but a guilty duo trying to cover their story. However, they knew that neither of them would lie to them so they believed what they said, no matter how damning the evidence.
“You thought there was someone in your room?” Everard asked concerned, forgetting about everything else. Annie nodded in response feeling relieved that he seemed to believe their story.
Without another word Everard walked out of the room and everyone followed him. They went into Annie’s room and they all stood there when Everard paused for seemingly no reason.
“What is it?” Annie asked nervously.
“I think someone has been in here,” Everard said inspecting the space. He moved over to her bedside table and Martha moved over to the desk. “Is anything missing that you can notice?” He asked looking at her things.
Seeing that Annie was visibly fearful Jory placed a comforting arm around her shoulders. She gave a half-hearted smile and tried to concentrate on the room.
“I believe the lamp was sitting on the other bedside table when I went to bed,” she said after a moment of thought. “When I woke up I could not find it in its usual place.”
“Anything else?” Everard asked examining the lamp. Annie looked around and did notice one other thing.
“It appears that my dressing gown in missing.” It had been hanging over the partition but now it was gone.
It all felt too surreal. She couldn’t believe that someone had been in her room with her. Jory held her a little closer after thinking the same thing. Everard went over to the window and took a closer look at the latch.
“The latch is broken,” he said pointing to the now damaged handle.
Aliyah had decided to sneak into Annie’s room rather than appear otherwise she would have left a golden trail behind her. However, she had not realised that she had broken the latch upon her rushed exit and that she had forgotten to put the lamp back in its original place. She had planned to leave as little evidence as possible of her presence but she failed miserably.
“Who do you think it was?” Annie asked softly, barely able to find her voice.
“Whoever it was they did not harm you, so that does not seem to be their intent,” Everard reasoned not too convincingly. “Tonight Martha and I will stay in your room to see if the intruder returns. Annie, do you feel comfortable enough to stay in Jory’s room again?” He asked though it did not seem necessary given that they were standing there in a familiar embrace, half dressed. Martha couldn’t help the little smirk that came onto her face at the sight of them.
“I think she will be fine,” Jory stepped in when Annie couldn’t seem to find the words.
“Perfect!” Everard declared. “The two of you get dressed and meet Martha and I in the library. We best continue our research to find Baden and take our minds off this incident for now.” With that Everard and Martha left, hand in hand as usual.
“Do not fret,” Jory said as soon as they were alone. “You are well protected here.”
“Yes, this place is obviously a fortress,” she said sarcastically as she looked over at the widow.
“Time to get dressed,” Jory said to distract her as he walked over to her draws.
He wasn’t concerned in the slightest because he knew she would be safe with him. He slid the top draw open to find it full of her undergarments.
“You can rummage through that one,” he said sliding it closed quickly, hiding his embarrassment well. He pulled open the next one and found some dresses. He pulled one out randomly and threw it over the dressing partition. He turned to her and waited expectantly.
“What am I meant to be doing?” She asked distracted from her uneasiness.
“Wash up and get dressed,” he said pointing firstly to the wash dish then to the partition. Every night Martha would leave a clean bowl of water and towel for her so she could wash up in the morning. “I am not leaving you alone for a second,” he explained further.
Rolling her eyes she went over and washed her face then walked behind the partition. When she started undressing she felt the mood in the room became tenser, she wasn’t sure if it was just her or if he felt it too. Why did she always feel so awkward around him?
What Annie didn’t realise was that it wasn’t that she was feeling awkward around Jory, it was that she was affected by his charms, as any woman in their right mind would be. She wasn’t experienced enough with male company to realise that she should be keeping distance from an attractive, protective man otherwise things could get out of hand. In her naivety, by mistaking it for feelings of awkwardness around a stranger it became her first mistake. She may have merely enjoyed Jory’s company at the moment but she was on the dangerous ground of getting too emotionally involved. Only time would tell what would transpire.
“So, your brother will live forever,” she said trying to cut through the tension. “And your new sister-in-law will live forever; will they be remedying your mortality soon?” She asked feeling free to.
“They will be shortly,” he answered not feeling put off by the question. “Everard wishes to do a little more research before he changes me,” he explained.
“Why exactly?” She asked finding it difficult to slide into her dress without help. He became distracted by the sound of her clothes brushing against her skin that he forgot to answer. “Jory?” Annie said his name making sure he was still there.
“Yes, uh…” He cleared his throat to bring himself back to her question. “He did not say exactly why.”
Annie finished getting dressed and stepped out from behind the partition. She held out her arms as if to say, what do you think? Jory smiled as he took in the sight of her. Though she wore just a simple violet day dress she looked captivating to him. The way her creamy skin was flawless and her hair fell into beautiful tresses.
“Quite lovely,” he said appreciating her a moment longer. All of a sudden he realised that he was severely underdressed. “Well, you head to the library and I will be down shortly.”
They walked out of the room and she headed down the stairs. He watched her the whole way and as soon as she went into the library he ran to his room to get changed. He threw on a pair of black trousers and slid into the nearest shirt he could find, which was a white button down shirt. He buttoned it as quickly as he could, missing a button here or there and becoming rather frustrated with having to get dressed at all. He pulled the shirt off, throwing it across the room and decided to put on a sleeveless undershirt. Who cares, it was only for around the house.
When he was done, shoes forgotten, he rushed to the library for no other reason than to see Annie all the more sooner.
Before he came to the door he slowed to a normal pace and walked in casually. Annie looked up from the book she was reading and paused a moment when she saw Jory. His bare, tan arms became rather distracting for a moment. Suddenly she realised she was staring so she forced herself to look back down at her book.
As Jory took a seat beside Annie Martha and Everard shared a brief look, one of concern on Everard’s part and one of almost hope from Martha’s part. With a stern warning glance from Everard, Martha dropped her smile quickly and looked back at her book. She would never encourage Annie and Jory’s friendship to grow into anything more but she couldn’t help the idea of them being together creeping into her thoughts every now and again.

CHAPTER 7:

Annie, Jory, Martha and Everard sat in the library reading for most of the day. Annie’s eyes started to sting from staring at books all day long and she needed a rest. She sat her book down and looked around at her friends sitting at the table with her. They looked up in surprise that she had stopped searching.
“My eyes hurt,” she explained seeing the question in all of their eyes. They seemed to be satisfied with this answer and went back to reading. “May I ask you something?” Annie directed the question to Martha and Everard. They both looked up and nodded without saying anything. “Does being a snatcher make it difficult to control your anger?”
“It depends. Being a snatcher dooms you to being driven by your emotions, they control you and affect you more than being human does. Being a creature that is designed to steal souls means that you must know how to manipulate others emotions but that comes at a price. To manipulate emotions you must understand them and what better way to understand them than to feel them, to the nth degree? So someone already prone to anger…” He paused not wanting to sound like he was pointing out Baden. “Would find it even more difficult to control that part of them once turned,” he explicated.
Annie thought for a moment. She didn’t think that Baden had any self-control problems, he was quite the gentleman when it came to the way he treated her. Although, she never knew him before he was turned so she didn’t know whether he was easily angered then or not. If he was a tracker wouldn’t that mean he needed to have his anger in check? That could mean that he chose to do those horrible things just because he wanted to. Though she knew that was a possibility already she had hoped that there was something that would explain otherwise.
“But there are others who, even though they do bad things they can change. Just like when humans do. Everyone is redeemable,” Jory interjected guessing what was playing over in Annie’s mind. He didn’t like seeing her upset and as much as he didn’t want to defend Baden he would rather that than seeing her hurt.
“That is quite true,” Everard agreed. “Your emotions are amplified after being changed. Taming your emotions is possible though, through discipline and self-control…it just takes more effort than if you were human.” Annie looked at Jory and smiled which he reciprocated easily.
“You two have not eaten all day,” Martha said to Annie and Jory abruptly. “Go in town and relax, Everard and I will continue to search.” She purposely ignored the disapproving look Everard was throwing her way.
Annie thought for a moment and looked to Jory to see what he thought of the idea. He shrugged his shoulders as if it didn’t matter either way but inside he was hoping that she would want to go.
“That sounds…like an idea,” she agreed eventually. She wouldn’t have gone if there wasn’t someone still looking for the answer she felt desperate to find.
“You will have to take mounts rather than the carriage because it is being repaired,” Martha advised as they stood to leave.
“That is fine,” Jory said as they both stood to leave.
“Be back before dark,” Everard called to them after they already walked out of the library.
“We will,” Jory answered then looked to Annie with an encouraging smile. “Just one moment.” He ran upstairs and dressed in the shirt he had given up on earlier. He slipped into some shoes and rushed back down as soon as he could.
“Ready for some fun?” He asked mischievously as soon as he was by her side again.
“Always,” she said excitedly. It felt good to try and think of something else rather than the situation that monopolized most of her thoughts, which was Baden.
As soon as they were outside, leaving through the back door, Jory grabbed Annie’s hand and they ran to the barn. It was the kind of running you do when you’re a kid and you’re about to topple over but somehow you remain upright. They let out laughter and joy like rays of sun as they headed for the barn like little children.
They slowed to a walk when they were in the barn and he let go of her hand reluctantly. She kicked the hay around as they walked over to the stables. Annie always loved the stables, to the right were a long row of stalls housing some of the most beautiful horses in the area. The wood used to build the stalls was dark and expensive, only the best for the best. The hay was always fresh, with high bundles of it sitting against the wall off to the left. To the back of the barn was a loft built amongst the rafters, with an old wooden ladder leaning against it as the only method of access. Exquisite saddles and riding gear was hung on hooks beneath the loft and gave an even more professional look to the whole barn.
It smelled lovely in there and many times Annie had gone to read in the loft, spending all day alone in alone with her book. As she became lost in the memories she cherished so much Jory headed over to a stall with a horse that was already saddled. Everard ensured that there was a mount ready to go at all times, switching a saddle to a different horse every two hours in case of an emergency. Of course Martha and Everard wouldn’t need the horse because they could outrun it easily, this was for either Jory or Annie if need be.
“This is an emergency, is it not?” Jory looked at her conspiratorially. She quickly nodded and he pulled the horse out of the stable.
It was a magnificent horse, a dark rich wood colour over its body with a sandy mane and tail. It was groomed to perfection and the pride of the horse was rather breathtaking. They walked the steed out of the barn and she looked at him in question.
“One horse…?” She asked. He was so tall she had to squint from the sun in her eyes as she looked up at him. He stepped in front of the sun to shield her from it, his shadow now covering her face.
“Is that a problem?” He asked hoping that it wouldn’t be.
“Not at all,” she said remembering how she used to ride with Micah.
Before the thought could sadden her she pushed it out and refused to let it creep back in. Happy that she agreed he jumped onto the mount with ease. Once he was settled he leaned down and held out his hand for her to take. He kept his foot free of the stirrup so she could use it to boost herself up. He hoisted her up and she jumped into his lap with a little plonk, sitting how she was used to riding, legs dangling over one side as she nestled into his lap.
“Comfortable?” He asked as he gripped the reigns, holding his arms around her.
“Very,” she answered with a wide grin. She was actually excited to be doing something normal for a change. He kicked the horse’s flank gently and then they were off.
They rode into town chatting happily along the way. It was early afternoon, the sun was high and warm and everything felt alive. Every now and then Jory would abruptly pull the horse to a stop from its slow pace to playfully jolt Annie before catching her from falling. She would laugh every time because he left long enough between each time that she would forget about it. Soon enough they made it into town and they left the horse in a barn, paying the clerk on the way through. Most people just left their horse tied up near the gates but they didn’t want to take the chance of having theirs stolen.
“Tell me about yourself,” Annie asked as they walked towards the tavern. The walkways were crowded today and the patter of their feet on the cobble stone was a constant drumming.
“What would you like to know?” He asked feeling elated to be spending time with her.
“Tell me everything,” she said pulling her hair back from her face. The wind had picked up and it kept blowing her hair around.
“Well, I was taken in by Everard’s family when I was young,” he said as if it was as normal as anything else. Not meaning to Annie stopped abruptly form the shock of it. He stopped and faced her and they stood there amongst the shuffling crowd moving around them.
“I did not know that,” she remarked, not really knowing what else to say. When people kept bumping into them and giving them disgruntled looks Jory took her hand and started walking again.
“I did not know until a few years ago. I was dropped at their manor when I was just a child and they took me in as their own,” he explained as they walked. “When I was in my early teens I was introduced to the world of snatchers. I was shown the institution established to encourage learning more about what they are.”
“Do the trackers know of it?” Annie felt concerned that if they did they might try to do something about it.
“They have some idea of what goes on there but to the world it is an educational institution with strict rules of entry,” he answered.
“The main rule being you must be a soul snatcher to enter?” She guessed, laughing at how much she didn’t know.
“Something to that effect,” he laughed with her. “The only way to be granted access is if you are with a soul snatcher known to the institution, so I always went with Everard.”
“I think I would love to see this place,” Annie said almost dreamily. She hadn’t even realised that they were still holding hands.
“It is actually quite a lovely place. Huge also, you could get lost in there,” he recalled fondly.
“Just a moment,” she said stopping again which made him smile. “What?” She asked forgetting her question for a moment after seeing his smile.
“You stop walking when you are shocked by something,” he observed, informing her with a soft look. She gazed down to see that she had actually stopped just as he had said.
“Well, I cannot argue with the evidence can I?” She agreed and they both laughed at the silliness of it.
“What were you going to ask?” Jory prompted as they moved back into motion.
“Uh,” Annie had to think for a moment. “Oh yes. You said you went there with Everard but he was only recently changed by Martha. How did you gain access without a snatcher before that?” She wondered.
“Everard knew someone who assisted in him being accepted,” Jory explained vaguely. She stopped abruptly yet again out of curiosity this time. He couldn’t help his laughter and she realised what she had done. She forced herself to move before she asked her question.
“Is this someone important in the snatcher community?” She whispered to keep their conversation private.
“I do not think so,” he answered, stroking her hand with his thumb as he did.
“Oh.” It was not the response she was expecting. “But this snatcher is known at the institution?”
“They are not exactly a snatcher,” he answered sounding as if he was avoiding saying anything more. Annie could see that he wasn’t going to give away much else so she let it drop. It didn’t even matter anyway because she wouldn’t know who it was if she were told. They walked for a time in comfortable silence.
“Are you afraid?” She asked after a while.
“Of…?”
“Of being changed?” She clarified. Jory thought a moment about what she was asking.
“I have had some time to think about it and at first I was nervous but Everard has explained it to me and it seems that it is manageable,” he answered honestly. “Are you?”
“Am I what?” She asked not making the connection.
“Are you afraid of being changed?” He asked not sure why he had to remind her of the topic.
“Changed?” She asked and almost stopped moving again but realised just in time to keep walking.
“Well, yes. When you are in love with a snatcher what other option is there?” He explained not sure why she hadn’t thought of it before.
“Oh…” her voice came out softly and she found it hard to think at the moment from the shock. “I actually have not thought of that before.”
“Truly? You do not seem shocked at all,” he said sarcastically. It brought her out of her surprise and when she realised he was joking she laughed.
“Well, it does seem the obvious thing. I am not sure why I did not think of it before now,” she muttered as they reached the quaint eatery.
Jory reluctantly dropped her hand, which she had not even registered he had been holding, and opened the door for her. She walked in and immediately they were greeted by the host. It wasn’t the most prestigious place but the host that greeted them was warm and dressed aptly enough in a casual suit. Soon they were following behind him to be seated.
“Do not agonize over it. We can be changed together,” he whispered to her as they followed, weaving around the crowded tables. The noise of the patrons covered their conversation so no one else could hear.
His offer made her smile to think that she would have someone to go through it with, someone as fun as Jory. And just like that her worry was forgotten.
They had a wonderful lunch full of fun and food. They spoke of their favourite memories and saddest moments and by the end of it they felt more of an appreciation for each other. Soon enough they were headed for their horse through a smaller crowd of people because of the later hour. The sun was lower in the sky and filled the afternoon with warmth as they rode home.
“Tell me, is there a love in your life?” Annie asked as they trotted along. Jory didn’t answer immediately, he thought for a moment and decided that she was referring to others apart from herself so he used that assumption to form his answer.
“No, I am not,” he answered staring ahead. She looked up to him and saw something there but he obviously didn’t want to talk about it so she let it go.
They rode up to the barn in silence under the soft colours of dusk. Jory jumped down then reached up, taking Annie around the waist and helped her slip down off the horse. She landed quite close to him and he left his hands on her waist as they stood there close to each other.
“I had a lovely day,” she said quietly as she looked up into his kind face. He swallowed hard and just looked at her for a moment.
“Yes. As did I,” he agreed gently and his breath brushed against her face. They heard the back door of the manor open and the intimate moment was cut short. Jory stepped away from Annie and both regained themselves as quickly as they could.
“How was it?” Martha asked coming over to greet them.
“It was delightful,” Jory offered quickly taking the reins of the horse. “I will put him away.” As he patted the steed he walked off, throwing a quick glance to Annie. She darted her eyes back to Martha who could tell she had interrupted something, even if they didn’t realise what was going on themselves.
“Come inside dear, before you are chilled,” Martha suggested placing her arm around Annie and leading her inside.
Annie pushed away any other thought other than that she was so grateful to have come across such a precious friend like Jory. She was starting to think he was going to be the best friend she ever had.

CHAPTER 8:

“Martha and I will be in this room all night,” Everard was explaining to Annie as Martha and he stood in her room. “Martha will be in the bed posing as you and I will be over in the corner, waiting in the dark.”
“Though if it is a snatcher then they will know instantly,” Annie said almost as if she had given up already. Everard and Martha exchanged a subtle glance.
“Do not worry,” Martha assured putting her arm around Annie when she could see her fear. “Jory has been trained very well in defence against snatchers,” she comforted. “You will be safe with him.”
“Where is Jory?” Annie asked trying to distract herself from it all.
“He is bathing,” Everard answered as he continued his inspection of the room for any way an intruder might get in.
“Let us get you to bed,” Martha suggested. They walked out of the room and Martha took her to Jory’s room. He wasn’t there yet but he would be soon. Annie was already dressed for bed and looked positively frightened. “You will be fine. We would never let anything happen to you,” Martha promised.
“I know,” Annie said trying not to let it get to her too much but she was scared that whoever it was might get to her after getting to her loved ones first. Martha ushered her into the comforting sheets of the bed and Annie happily jumped under them burying herself amongst their softness.
“I sincerely think you could get lost in here,” Martha joked as she helped straighten out the sheets. Annie laughed as she settled herself into them and felt a little better. When the flurry was over she looked up at Martha and thought how lucky she was to have someone like her in her life.
“Thank you, Martha,” she said quietly. Martha knew what she meant without saying it and she leaned down and placed a kiss on her forehead.
“Thank you, Annie.” Martha was sincerely grateful to have her in her life also. She didn’t have a daughter of her own but if she did she would have wanted someone just like Annie. “Now rest, I will be in helping Everard and Jory will be here shortly.” With a small smile between them Martha left. She and Everard had some more planning to do otherwise she would have stayed with Annie a little longer.
Annie laid in the bed trying to think of anything other than Baden. She counted the books on the small shelf at the other side of the room, she counted the legs on every chair and she sung every song she knew but nothing worked. Becoming disgruntled she threw the covers over her head and tried to block everything out by trying to go to sleep. She wished that Jory would hurry up and come in so she could be distracted. He was good at that, distracting her from everything. When he was around it was like she couldn’t think of anything else.
Before she could lose her mind, or maybe she had lost it far before then, she heard the door open. She thought she did anyway. Then she heard him walking around the room and started to pull the blankets back. They were so encircling it felt like she was swimming through a sea of linen before she reached the surface.
“I cannot believe these blankets,” she declared as she sat up, hair all askew. Jory froze mid stride across the room from shock and Annie felt like she could almost melt away and die.
He stood there completely naked. He had thrown his towel over the partition and started to walk across the room to get his clothes, not realising that Annie was under the blankets. He was tan all over, not one part of him was pale and he had firm muscle covering every inch of his body. She couldn’t help but scream and cover her face with embarrassment. She shoved her face into the covers and Jory ran and grabbed the towel he had thrown away, wrapping it around himself.
“What are you doing in here?” He asked flurried. His face was covered in surprise and disbelief.
“I am sorry!” She screamed through the sheets, still covering her eyes. “Martha brought me in here!”
“Annie,” Martha yelled knocking anxiously at the locked door.
“It is fine, I just saw a mouse,” she yelled, waving her hand around frantically trying to keep her from coming in, not taking into account that Martha couldn’t see her. Annie peeked up at the door and waited.
“Is Jory in there?” Martha asked deciding not to go in.
“Yes,” they both said in unison.
“Uh…Yes,” Annie repeated glancing over to him. He stood there looking devastatingly gorgeous in his crisp white towel against his tan, wet skin.
“If you need anything be certain to come to me,” she offered.
“I will. Thank you, Martha,” Annie said a little breathless.
Annie and Jory just sat and stood there staring at each other. The room was quiet for a while and it wasn’t actually awkward, it was just now there seemed to be less walls up between them after this huge one had just come crashing down.
“Well, I guess I will just get dressed,” he said after a moment, grabbing his clothes and taking them behind the partition. He threw the towel away and pulled his pants on as quickly as he could. He didn’t feel embarrassed, rather self-conscious that she might not like what she saw. He came out shyly after getting dressed only wearing his long johns. He didn’t look at Annie but all she did was stare at him as he crossed the room and came to sit on his side of the bed, his back facing her.
“Sorry,” she said bashfully. He turned around to face her and after an intense gaze they both burst into laughter simultaneously, rolling into fits of laughter on the bed.
“You should be sorry,” he said jumping under the covers and deciding to try and not worry about it. After they had both settled and the laughter had died down they laid there feeling better about the moment of boundary breaking. They faced each other as they lay on their sides of the bed. Both with their hands tucked under the pillow, propping themselves up a little more.
“You make me feel better,” she confessed feeling so happy that she could say that to someone. He smiled widely and his beautiful face lit up with sincere joy.
“You make me feel better too,” he admitted really wanting to say, ‘I think I love you’, but knowing he had no right to.
“I know that this is selfish,” she started saying and looked down at her nails as if she was inspecting them. It was better than having to face him because she was feeling guilty. “But you seem to be the only one who can take my mind off Baden.” She looked up to him and his soft eyes were piercing her.
“Why is that selfish?” He wondered feeling content that he meant something to her.
“Well, I think I may sometimes use you to take my mind off him…but I truly do appreciate you as my friend,” she admitted.
“Then I think I am selfish also,” he said a little playfully, moving forward slightly towards her on the pillow.
“Why?” She whispered leaning towards him in response.
“Because I like it,” he confessed leaning closer still. Her eyes went wide with anticipation of what else he might be about to say. “You are fun to play with,” he said as if it was an important secret. She leaned even closer and their faces were those of conspirators.
“I think you are fun to play with too,” she said. The way she said it made him laugh because it was the cutest thing he had ever seen. She huffed a little feeling embarrassed that he was laughing at her. “You just said the same thing,” she defended herself against his mockery.
“It is not that,” he tried to say through his laughter. She began to become even more embarrassed so she folded her arms and spun around, turning away from him. “Annie,” he said trying to hold his laughter and when she didn’t respond he wrapped his arm around her waist and whisked her over to him. She let out a playful, giggling scream and couldn’t help but laugh. “How can you be embarrassed? You just saw me naked,” he reasoned and she couldn’t help the laugh that escaped her, right from the pit of her stomach.
“You win,” she surrendered. He loosened his grip but kept his arm around her.
She laid with her back against his chest, resting after their energetic outburst. They had formed a unique relationship, in that they could do things that may have seemed intimate to others but to them it just felt normal. It would be more strange to not have him touch her but she wasn’t sure why. They were comfortable around each other and cared for one another more than some care for anyone in their whole lives.
“I know you miss him,” Jory said when Annie had been quiet for a while. She turned around to look at him and she had tears in her eyes. Jory’s heart became even softer and he stroked her back softly.
“What if he is not even thinking of me?” She said the words like she was trying not to choke on them.
“Why would you even think that?” He asked astonished that the thought would even cross her mind. “I can guarantee you that you are all he thinks of,” he assured her. If how Jory himself felt was anything to go by, that was a huge understatement. She looked away and he could see she didn’t believe him. “Annie,” he said her name softly.
“I am not saying that he cannot change but why would someone like that ever change for someone like me?” She expressed her worries easily with him. Lately her insecurities were growing at an alarming rate and they were starting to overwhelm her. He brushed away hair that had fallen in her face and it made her look up at him.
“I know being away from someone you care about can make you begin to think of every possibility that might come and all your fears are magnified,” he began to say focusing on her hair. “But I am telling you now that he loves you, Annie.” His voice was thick with emotion but she wasn’t sure why.
“How do you know?” She asked avoiding facing her internal questions as to the reason why Jory seemed so affected. Now he looked into her eyes and took a moment to think. He looked at her as if the answer should be obvious.
“Who could not love you?” And he asked the question so seriously that she couldn’t find it within herself not to believe him.
“Thank you for caring for me,” she said, voice husky from tears of relief. Relief that she was scared would be short lived. With a little smile she leaned into him and he hugged her like he knew she needed.
“Always,” he promised and she could feel the truth in it. She could feel the care from his soul and it warmed her.

CHAPTER 9:

It felt like an eternity had passed. Baden thought he might have gone insane if he hadn’t already lost his mind. He sat there in his room holding a book open on his lap, not really reading it at all. There was nothing he could do to take away the constant, nagging thought of Annie. Stewart as off in his own room fiddling around with some wood sculpture that he had made and remade countless time. The constant tapping of the wood being whittled made Baden feel like he wanted to set the house on fire. Before anything so drastic could take place there was a sudden knock on the door.
He and Stewart met at the closed front door and looked at each other. Adam had been there yesterday and wasn’t due back until tomorrow. Baden could sense whoever it was and their soul reminded him of one he had encountered years ago. Surely…it couldn’t be? Stewart hesitantly opened the door and stood there surprised to find a woman standing there. He had never seen her before but he was sure she was a snatcher.
“Mary,” Baden said horrified to see her standing at the door. Stewart shot his head back and forth between them waiting for an answer.
“Well, Baden. What a curious predicament you have fallen into,” she said cocking her head to one side as if she was partially insane, which he thought she was. He hadn’t seen her since she had changed him but he had heard stories of her strangeness.
“Who are you?” Stewart asked and she turned her head slowly towards him.
“This is Mary,” Baden said before she could answer. “She is the one who changed me,” he said with a bite to his words.
“Mary is one of the names I go by, yes,” she clarified to Stewart. Her lips were tight as if she were holding back anger. The whites of her eyes showed a little more than most and her hair was a little frazzled at the edges but she held herself as if she were in the presence of royalty. Actually, she held herself as if she were royalty, albeit slightly insane royalty.
“What is it that you want?” Baden asked sharply not trusting her at all. He refused to even read her soul so he pushed his senses down so he wouldn’t have to.
“Baden, you always were rude,” she said not sounding offended or surprised in the least.
She completely hid the surprise she felt at what she saw. No matter how hard she tried she could not see Baden’s soul, he was actually blocking her. She had kept tabs on him but had never seen him up close since she had changed him. Now she realised that she had underestimated his strength, the only other creature’s souls she was unable to view were ones from Jiel’s realm. Not even she could block her own soul if other snatchers had the capability to see souls.
“How would you know?” He asked, eyes narrowed with despise.
“I keep an eye on all of my creations,” she said happily. Her smile looked crooked and out of place on her sinister face. “I never thought that the infamous Baden would ever find the heart in himself to love another,” she taunted and it seemed like she actually thought he wasn’t good enough to love someone.
“Is there a purpose to your visit?” Stewart asked wanting to stop her from tormenting Baden any longer. He was also curious to know more about her, she seemed strange and intrigued him as to her origins. She was unlike any other snatcher he had seen, she seemed off balance. Also old, she seemed truly ancient.
“I thought a helpful hand may be welcomed however I see I am not wanted,” she said as she started to turn away.
“Wait,” Stewart called and she stopped but didn’t turn to him. “What type of help?” He asked. She turned with a vicious smile.
“Why, a way out of this prison of course,” she answered him as if it was obvious and easy enough. Stewart’s and Baden’s faces dropped in astonishment.
“You have a way out of here?” Baden asked when it got the better of him.
“Yes, I do have a method of release from these premises,” she answered without giving anything away.
“How would you know?” Stewart asked not really believing there was a way. He had been searching for years and still came up empty handed.
“Baden, please retrieve the book of fables from the library. The original please,” she instructed.
“Get it yourself,” he retorted deciding that he would not do as she said. He didn’t trust her in any way.
“I have spent far too long here and do not wish to spend another moment in this prison,” she said deciding to let her impatience show.
Stewart and Baden looked at each other not knowing what she was talking about then Stewart ran off to get a book from the library-turned Baden’s space. He was back in a few moments and threw it to her out the door. She caught it easily without looking at it and flipped the pages as if she had done it a million times before. Stewart and Baden stood side by side, waiting for her to find whatever she was looking for.
“What are you doing?” Baden asked looking at the book he had read countless times, just a simple book of fables.
“For one who is so desperate for the answers you certainly do not look very hard,” she said as she looked down to read a fable that he had read before. She had found the page she was looking for and began to read.
“Once there lived a man, he had lived in the same old house his descendants had lived in for centuries. He never left that house as he was too afraid to venture outside.
‘What horrors lay before me out there,’ he would declare. Horrors that those before him had suffered. But on a lonely afternoon of nothing, there came a knocking at his door. He answered the summons to find a beauty standing there.
She was invited in and they had a pleasant time together. When it was time to go she urged him to leave with her.
‘See the world with me’ she said but no matter how much he desired to go with her he was too afraid of what was not yet but what might be. So with a heavy heart she left the house alone because he refused her.
As soon as she reached the trees a menacing figure came out to take her life right in front of his eyes. Without realising he ran out of the house and defended his love. He fought fiercely and the assailant left with fatal wounds and died a deserving demise beneath the haunting trees.
Bending down he held his dying love in his arms.
‘Do not go,’ he pleaded.
‘You are free,’ she said as the life left her. He cried for many days and when he had no tears left in him he battled within himself. He wanted to walk back into the house and remain there until he died, alone, forever. Though realising that her death would be in vain if he chose that path, he never went back to the house again.
However, the man lived the rest of his days only half complete because his soul was bound to that of his love. If only he had walked out with her…then they would be together. He would torment himself with that thought until his last breath. He had no other choice but to live with his soul eternally bound to another that had freed him from his prison.”
Mary snapped the book shut and threw it back through the door. The action startled the men and neither caught the book and it landed with a thud on the ground. Neither moved to pick it up, rather they stared at it as if it would curse them if they did.
“How does that hold the answer?” Stewart asked missing the meaning but Baden saw it before she had even finished reciting the fable.
“A love sacrifice,” Baden whispered and it felt like he had lost everything else within him and had it replaced by fear. He looked at her begging it not to be true and she just stood there steely faced.
“How did you come to that conclusion?” Stewart asked quickly picking up the book and flipping through the pages to try and find the fable to read. He gave up when he couldn’t find it, it was as if it had disappeared right off the pages. “Just because she says it does not make it true,” he tried to reassure him.
“Look at the back page,” Mary instructed Stewart whilst keeping her eyes firmly planted on Baden. Stewart flipped to the back page as fast as he could and found a note. After he read it he looked up to Mary in disbelief.
“What does it say?” Baden asked looking at Mary, wanting to reach out and rip her head off. Stewart hesitated until he saw Baden’s fist clench.
“It reads: Taru, be reminded of your chains with these fables.” He sounded shocked at the words even though he had read them already.
“I was given that book during my own stint in this house as a torment, until I could rid myself of this burden.” It looked as if the words tasted bad in her mouth when she said them.
“You are Taru?” Baden asked not wanting to believe it. All soul snatchers had heard of Taru, the very first of all of them. The reason they were like they were. Trackers had always been vague on the details of the myths about her but they were well known through snatcher circles, though no one had ever seen her. Some even doubted her existence.
“We are all bound by something, Baden,” she said as if she herself knew too well. “Souls are a valuable thing and one that is bound to another is much more valuable than one that stands alone.”
“I will not sacrifice her,” Baden said through gritted teeth. He had never felt so much desire to end someone’s existence than he did to end hers.
“Those words are yours, not mine.” She started to sound uninterested. “I am not here to do anything other than show you the way.” With that she turned and left leaving a breeze in her wake.
Stewart was left reeling from all of it and looked to Baden as if he could find an answer from him.
“Baden, you were created by the first,” he said as if the words alone would make the world fall apart. Baden just stood there looking at an old willow tree near the house that he noticed her glance at on her way through. “Baden, besides her you are the ultimate soul snatcher. A tracker turned by the original? You may even be the ultimate!” Stewart clarified in case Baden wasn’t getting it.
“I realise what I am,” Baden said angrily and slammed the door so hard it split up through the middle. He went to the library and locked himself in there.
Baden sat on the nearest chair trying to regain normal thought. He actually agreed with Eli, he wished that he had died that day instead of being turned into what he was. That way Annie wouldn’t be out there alone with an insane and powerful soul snatcher on the loose, one that knew that she was the key to releasing two of her own kind. He dropped his head into his hands as the pain broke through his reserve. It was hopeless. There was nothing that he could do. He was the worst thing to happen to Annie.

CHAPTER 10:

One afternoon Annie was looking through her draws full of clothes for a shawl as she felt a little cooler today. As she rummaged through them she found the nightgown that she had thought had been taken. She grabbed it in her hands and tried to remember if she had put it there or not. When she couldn’t decide whether or not she had, she shoved it back into the draws and forgetting about her coat she rushed down stairs to find Jory. As she hurried down the staircase she was so distracted she ran right into him.
“Jory,” she said with her hand against her chest in relief. He held onto her to steady her from the collision though it was obvious she was fine to stand by herself.
“Why the rush?” He asked with his usual smile.
“Nothing really,” she said feeling silly for panicking so quickly. He raised his eyebrows knowing that it really wasn’t ‘nothing’. “I just found the nightgown I thought had been taken in my draws but I was sure I did not put it there.”
“We will tell Martha and Everard,” he said believing her without doubt.
Annie and Jory stood there looking down at Martha and Everard sitting on a settee in the library waiting for them to respond to what they told them.
“You are certain you did not put it in there?” Everard asked to be certain.
“I am quite sure,” Annie said starting to doubt herself. Jory softly brushed her hand with his pinkie without looking at her to give the assurance she needed. She couldn’t help but smile from the comfort of it.
“Well that means that they have been in again either undetected or when we have not been here,” Martha reasoned.
“Jory,” Everard gained his brother’s attention. “Take Annie into town and buy some things from the market for your dinner,” he instructed so he could discuss some things with Martha in private. Jory simply nodded and started to leave. When Annie followed him out he took her hand.
“You are safe,” he promised her but the look she gave said that she had her doubts. Knowing that there was nothing he could really say that would make it better he drew her into his arms and gave her a lovely kiss atop her head.
“Thank you,” she whispered into his chest where she had buried her face. She was frightened that something was out there seemingly stalking her for a reason that eluded everyone. Surely it was only a matter of time until it caught her.

In no time at all Annie and Jory were in town markets and being crushed by the usual swell of people at that time of day. Everyone was bartering and haggling to try and get the best price. Every now and then there would be an argument over price and the transaction would end in a heated dispute. This made Annie and Jory laugh because they thought it was ridiculous to worry about such things when they could just walk to the next stall and buy the product from someone else.
As Annie searched through the fresh produce of a small stall she knew well she felt a tug on her arm. As she turned she was greeted with a hug from someone before she could get a good look at them.
“Oh, Annabelle,” they said in their French accent and she knew who it was straight away.
“Antoinette,” Annie proclaimed with a smile as she pulled back to get a look at her friend.
“Where are you?” Antoinette asked and Annie knew she was asking where she had been. “I sent the package to Mr. Brighton for you.”
“Oh,” Annie said surprised. “I am afraid I have changed living arrangements for the time being.” Antoinette’s eyes trailed off to Jory who stood behind her silently for the whole exchange.
“Who is this?” Antoinette asked with an approving smile. Annie had to try and cover her laugh at her friend’s open appreciation.
“This is Jory,” she introduced as she looked back at him. “Jory, this is Antoinette. She is my dress maker.” Jory kept his eyes glued to Annie before he glanced at her friend at the last minute.
“Lovely to meet you,” he said politely but didn’t extend his hand. Jory hadn’t been brought up in high end social circles but he had been well educated and had his own style of charm. Antoinette was not offended in the least.
“Oui, oui,” she said as she looked back to Annie with an arched eyebrow showing how impressed she was with her companion. “Come, collect your items,” she said grabbing Annie’s hand and started to pull her away.
“My items?” Annie asked confused.
“Mr Brighton returned them,” she said continuing to drag her along. Annie looked back to Jory who had started to follow. The crowd was thick and if he hadn’t stood above everyone else she would have lost him. When Antoinette hurried her pace Annie reached her hand out and grabbed Jory’s. He gave a little smile and inside he was melting from her touch.
Finally they made it into her quaint shop and felt like they could breathe again after being herded through the crowd.
“I will get them,” Antoinette said as she moved out the back. The shop hadn’t changed a bit and looked just as lovely as when Annie first had visited the store.
“Well, she seems like fun,” Jory commented with some sarcasm.
“Yes, she is quite energetic and persistent,” Annie said but she really did enjoy her friend and Jory could see that.
Before either of them could say anything else they heard paper shuffling and turned to the noise. Someone was sitting on the decorative divan reading an oversized newspaper that covered their face. They only knew it was a woman because their skirt was flowing down to the ground. Neither Jory nor Annie had noticed her when they came in but it felt as if she had purposely gotten their attention. There was something strange about her but Jory couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
“I wonder what she has for you,” Jory said looking back to Annie. Suddenly the woman folded her paper loudly and sat it next to her on the seat. She was petite but for some reason Annie found her threatening.
“Good morning,” the stranger said with a smile that could be likened to a serpent. Annie and Jory looked at each other not sure who she was addressing.
“Good morning,” Annie said hesitantly deciding to speak seeing Jory wasn’t going to offer up any pleasantries. She jumped up from her seat and Jory instinctively stood closer to Annie. The stranger appraised them as she approached.
“My name is Mary,” she said with a fake smile looking at Annie. She ignored Jory almost completely.
“That is nice,” Annie said not really wanting to tell the stranger her name. When Mary stood there expectantly she gave in. “My name is Annie.” It seemed Mary wasn’t surprised by the name, it only encouraged her eager smile. Now she turned to Jory as if just noticing he was there. He just stood there staring at her refusing to give his name.
“Is this your love?” Mary asked looking at him as if he confused her. He looked to Annie and she shrugged her shoulders not really knowing what this woman was trying to accomplish. He looked back to Mary and didn’t bother to hide his agitation.
“I believe that is none of your concern,” he said bluntly. It made her smile for some reason and she looked back to Annie.
“Annie, that is such a lovely name,” she said almost dreamily. “It is a name that I think may very well go down in history,” she said cryptically. She gave off the impression of being childlike and innocent but Jory could see through it.
“Here, Annabelle,” Antoinette announced and the three of them looked to her. She came from the back with a large, white box and set it on the counter with a smile.
“May I ask who it is from?” Annie asked forgetting about Mary.
“Oui, it is from Mr Brighton,” Antoinette informed.
“Eli?” Annie asked in shock, staring at the box.
“Aucune,” she said but when she saw the blank faces of her customers she realised she was speaking in French. “No,” she clarified. “Baden.”
Annie’s mouth dropped open in utter astonishment. She quickly glanced up at Antoinette then looked down to the package in disbelief and everyone followed suit. How could this be from Baden?
“When did he organise this?” Annie asked reaching out to touch the box as if she were afraid it might disappear.
“He ordered the items…” Antoinette looked around trying to think of how long ago it was. “Weeks…months?” She said shrugging her shoulders. That meant he ordered it before he was imprisoned in the house.
“What is in there?” Annie asked with tears clouding her eyes. She couldn’t believe he had done such a loving thing and now she couldn’t even show him how grateful she was.
“Beautiful,” Antoinette said and looked overjoyed by the order. She slid the box across the glass counter towards Annie and she just stared at it. “It is paid,” she explained in her stilted English.
Annie looked over to Jory who stood there not knowing what to do with it as much as she did. She looked back down at the box and carefully removed the lid. She set it down on the counter then went to pulling back the delicate, white tissue paper that surrounded the content. When the gown was unveiled Annie’s breath caught and the onlookers peered in at it in disbelief. There sat a delicately designed bridal gown. Though only the bust was visible it was simple but breathtaking, and it was so Annie. Tears flowed silently down her face as she looked at the dress, mouth agape. She held her hand to her mouth in shock.
“He was planning to marry you,” Mary whispered from behind them and only Jory managed to hear it but in his own bewilderment he didn’t quite achieve acknowledging the comment.
“I had your measurements,” Antoinette explained excitedly and she came around the counter and embraced her friend. Mary abruptly left without anyone realising and Jory stood there dumbfound until Annie turned to him. He smiled as genuinely as he could and embraced her because he was truly happy that she was happy.
Annie quickly wrapped the dress back in the paper and put the lid back on the box. She totally forgot that Eli had received the package and sent it back and that she had encountered a strange woman because all she could think was that she was going to marry Baden.
“I will be back with Baden as soon as I can,” Annie declared to Antoinette before she rushed out the door. Jory gave a short smile to his new acquaintance then followed Annie out of the store.
“Jory,” Annie squealed excitedly as she held the box. He smiled at her and thought that Baden was the luckiest man ever to walk the earth for having the affection of Annie.
“Come on, let us finish our trip to the markets then go home,” he said hiding his dismay.
The ride home was a bit harder to manoeuvre with their unintended item. Jory chatted with Annie trying to fend off the lump that seemed to form in his throat occasionally for reasons he wasn’t sure of.
As soon as they were home Annie ran inside and shared the news with everyone, Jory remaining silent through the recount. Martha and Everard looked in shock at first then forced a smile, being sure not to look at Jory.
“I will put this away,” Annie said and ran up to her room. When she had left Martha and Everard immediately looked to Jory but he ignored them and moved to leave.
“Jory,” Everard called after him but he ignored his brother and left anyway. Everard looked to Martha and they shared a dismal look.
“What a mess,” she said.
“Yes,” Everard agreed. “My brother seems to have fallen for someone he knew was in love with the most dangerous snatcher to exist and has a tracker in love with her and a psychotic snatcher after her also,” he summarised the situation. “Let us raise that to a catastrophe.”

CHAPTER 11:

Days seemed to pass seamlessly and it started to panic Annie. When she wasn’t desperate to find Baden she was at the other extreme having fun with Jory. The ever-present fear that someone was after her lingered in the back of her mind and she somewhat learned to live with the constant torment. She hadn’t seen Eli in what felt like forever and mostly she didn’t care because he had lied to her and hurt the one she loved the most but occasionally, when she was feeling particularly lonely, she wondered if he was faring well.
They all sat in the library quietly, Annie next to Jory as always.
“This is taking us nowhere!” Annie said slamming the book shut she had just finished. The three of them looked up at her but no one said anything. “At this rate we will be here for eternity searching,” Annie estimated, feeling almost defeated by it all. The excitement from the wedding dress had long faded as it was clear it was not going to be used any time soon.
Jory took hold of her hand and gave her a smile that said he was there for her. It helped to ease her franticness but not enough to take it away completely. Martha and Everard gave each other a wary look at their intimacy.
“What do you suggest then?” Everard asked with no hint of frustration, he simply wanted her ideas.
“We need a book that actually approaches the subject we are looking into,” she reasoned feeling that nothing they had read did that.
“Where do you think we will find such a book?” Everard asked. Annie took a moment to think and went to say something but he cut her off. “Before you say the institution, save your breath. There will be multitudes of books and you will feel even more overwhelmed. I have brought most of the books that I believed to relate to this particular subject.”
Annie looked to Jory and rolled her eyes at his stock standard response. He looked down to his book trying to hide his amusement at her reaction. She took another moment to think before she realised something.
“The journal,” Annie declared. “Eli has a journal written by the tracker who trapped Stewart. We should read that.”
“That is easier said than done,” Martha said with a little despair. “How are we to obtain it?”
“I will go to Eli,” Annie suggested. Everyone paused and looked at each other doubtfully. “What?” She asked irritated at their lack of enthusiasm.
“Are you sure that is the best idea?” Martha asked as sensitively as she could.
“Yes, I do,” Annie said determined to get her answer. All she wanted to do was find Baden, was that so much to ask for? Apparently so.
“Fine, we will go to Eli. When would you like to confront him?” Everard asked.
“Let us go now,” Annie said with her flared eagerness. She was sick of waiting.
“Then let us go,” Jory supported the suggestion before anyone could refuse her. He wanted to help Annie and this seemed to be what she thought was going to work. She looked at him with so much appreciation that his heart swelled.
So they closed their books and packed up to leave. Martha and Everard left the room but Annie held back, detaining Jory with her. He looked at her concerned that something was wrong.
“I just want you to know that your support means everything to me,” Annie said meaning it with her whole heart. He gave her a heartfelt smile and leaned towards her, placing the gentlest kiss on her cheek.
“I always will,” he promised.
Annie decided to quickly dress in her brown leather pants, button-down white shirt and leather vest that she used to wear for training with Eli. It was easier to ride in and she found it more comfortable than a dress.
The ride was bumpy at best, Martha rode with Everard and Annie rode with Jory. The day was hot and everyone had had enough before they even got there. Before they approached the gates to Eli’s manor Everard pulled his horse to a stop and Jory did the same.
“We will wait here. I do not predict a tracker will appreciate snatchers in his manor,” Everard suggested.
“Looks like it is just you and me,” Jory whispered into Annie’s ear as he kicked his steed into motion.
As they rode through the gates Annie felt a lump form in her throat. She hadn’t been there in so long and so much had changed in the past few months of her life that she felt like living there was a distant memory from her long forgotten past. Jory brought them to a stop and eased off the horse, helping Annie down afterwards.
“Are you ready?” He asked standing close beside her and looking down at her intently.
She simply nodded in case she burst into tears if she talked. He followed her to the door and she hovered her closed hand over the wood, hesitating a moment. He stepped forward and knocked for her, knowing that she really wanted to do this. She gave him a quick smile before she looked back to the answered knock.
“Garrick,” Annie said breathlessly, genuinely happy to see him. His face was covered in shock as he took in the sight of her.
“Miss Belle,” he greeted before he realised she wasn’t alone. He looked over to Jory with something akin to spurn in his eyes.
“Garrick, may I please speak with Eli,” Annie asked not liking the way he was looking at Jory. He looked back to Annie and nodded respectfully. They followed him through the house and towards the library where she had assumed he would be.
“Wait here for a moment please,” Garrick requested but didn’t give them a chance to answer. He went into the room and closed the door.
“Well, he is a nice fellow,” Jory said sarcastically as he looked around the extravagant house. The door was opened moments later and Garrick reappeared, closing the door quickly behind him.
“Mr Brighton will speak with Miss Belle,” he informed pointedly towards Jory.
“This is ridiculous,” Annie said frustrated at how childish Eli was being.
“He will only speak with you, I am afraid,” Garrick insisted. She rolled her eyes and looked to Jory apologetically.
“I will be right behind this door,” Jory assured her and she went inside ready for battle. She was in no way afraid of Eli and she was appalled by his actions.
Annie burst through the library door and Garrick closed it quickly behind her, giving them privacy from himself and Jory. She stopped abruptly when she saw a dishevelled Eli lying across a settee, his clothes ragged and his face haggard. She put her hand to her mouth trying to fix her sight but no matter how much she concentrated he looked homeless, which was completely the opposite of how together he usually was. When Eli realised she was in the room he sat up and looked at her desperately.
“Annie,” he said her name as if it was a priceless gem. She walked slowly over to him and sat down next to him. However wrecked he looked he still smelled like he always did, fresh and appealing. He had stubble growing on his face and his hair wasn’t brushed.
“Eli, what on earth has happened?” She asked reaching out and touching his hair.
He closed his eyes in what looked like relief and he took in a breath that seemed like it was the first breath he had taken in years. He wrapped his arms around her waist and dropped his head as low as her stomach as he embraced her in a frantic way. It knocked a little of the wind out of her but she managed to compose herself. She hovered her arms over him awkwardly until she felt easy enough to rest her arms on his back.
“Please, Annie,” he begged quietly as if he was scared to speak. “Please do not go back there. Please come back to me.” Her heart broke at his pain, he seemed as if he had fallen apart but surely this could not be just because of her. He had a life before her and her leaving would have just made it go back to what it was.
“Eli,” she spoke his name softly and touched his hair gently. “Look at me.” He reluctantly pulled himself away and faced her making sure his arms were still around her. “What has happened?” She was still confused as to what the difference was.
“You left,” he said painfully. She thought he was possibly delirious at the moment. Maybe he was sick? Who knew but whatever was happening it was strange. “I saw the dress,” he said weakly. Annie remembered the wedding dress that was sent to him.
“Eli,” she started to say but he interrupted her.
“Tell me it is not true,” he begged. She felt uncomfortable with how dependant his happiness seemed to rely on her.
“He organised it without my knowledge,” she told the truth, leaving out the detail that she had every intention to marry Baden as soon as he was freed. Eli closed his eyes as if he suddenly felt peaceful.
“Come back here, Annie. Come back to me,” he pleaded.
“Eli, I live with Martha now,” she said afraid of what to say in case it might hurt him.
“And Jory,” he said the name as if it were poison in his mouth.
“What is all the fuss with Jory?” Annie asked not understanding why everyone had such a reaction to him.
“He is in love with you,” Eli said indignantly.
“You are being ridiculous!” Annie argued. “Is it that we are close friends that you find yourself jealous?”
“You and I were close once,” he said solemnly.
“Eli, we must not go back to talking about things that will result in upsetting us both,” she suggested.
“Why have you come?” He asked with a hope that was about to be shattered.
“I have come to request your help,” she said warily hoping that seeing her had softened him. She instantly saw she was wrong. His face went from desperate to hard and anger showed in his eyes.
“Do not say you have come to ask me to help you release him?” He couldn’t even say his own brother’s name.
“Eli, do not be like this,” she said knowing it would do nothing to change his mind.
“Why are you so desperate to save him? He will do nothing but hurt you,” Eli argued. Annie tried to pull away from his grip but he kept his arms tight around her. When she stood he followed and refused to let her go.
“Eli, I am leaving. Obviously coming here was a mistake,” Annie said feeling stupid for even trying.
“Do not go, please,” he asked feeling fraught to keep her there. She pushed against his arms but it did nothing against his iron grip.
“Will you help?” She tried one last time. He looked at her and no matter how much she wanted him to stay it, he couldn’t bring himself to take her to Baden. “I am leaving,” she said reading the answer in his silence.
“I will do anything else, just not that. He will hurt you, even if you cannot see it now. I am protecting you,” he said trying to convince her.
“Let go,” she said more vehemently this time.
“No, please just stay and talk for a moment. We can work this out,” he implored.
“Let me go!” Annie yelled feeling a little fearful at the almost crazy look in his eyes. She didn’t think that Eli would do anything to hurt her but she didn’t like being around him when he wasn’t being so irrational.
Before anything else could happen Jory barged past Garrick and burst through the door when he heard Annie’s fear filled voice. Annie and Eli froze, his arms still around her. Jory’s gaze was like ice when he saw what was going on. He walked over trying to hold himself back from losing it. He reached out and gripped his hand around Eli’s arm and placed his free arm around Annie’s waist.
“Annie and I are leaving now as it seems you have forgotten how to be a gentleman,” Jory said looking fiercer than she had ever seen him look. She actually felt a little frightened.
Eli measured him for a moment and something reined him in, he just wasn’t sure what. Jory was just a human, he could do anything he pleased and Jory could not do anything but as Jory’s grip got tighter on his arm Eli pulled his arms back and stepped away from Annie.
She took a breath of relief that the tension had dissipated and she didn’t realise it but she leaned into Jory’s body for protection. Eli noticed immediately. He looked at Jory’s arm around her and back at Annie with accusing eyes. He laughed a little to himself, feeling like a fool in it all.
“Friends,” he said under his breath but they both heard it.
Jory had no idea what it was in reference to but Annie did and she chose to ignore it. Jory turned them around and started to lead them both out the door. She took one last glance back at Eli and saw the look of complete desolation that lived on his face and it hurt her. Her steps faltered until she brought them both to a stop. Jory looked at her confused but stopped to let her do whatever it was she needed to all the while keeping his arm around her.
“Eli, you can still visit me at Martha’s,” she offered, opening up this gift to him even though he didn’t deserve it after everything he had done. Jory’s face dropped in shock and he looked away trying to hide his disapproval.
“Thank you,” Eli said and with that they left. When Annie was mounted safely on the horse with Jory he trotted over to Martha and Everard.
“How did it go?” Everard asked noting that they didn’t have the journal.
“Not as well as first hoped,” Jory said diplomatically. With nothing else said they were off to start their useless trail again.
Adam stood in the barn with the stable boy, Joel. He had genuinely come to like him and they were mucking about when he saw the riders leave the courtyard.
“Who was that?” Adam asked coming back to his actual task. Joel squinted to see the riders in the distance.
“I am not sure but it looks like Miss Belle,” he said looking back to his friend.
“What is her given name?” Adam asked starting to panic.
“I believe it is Annie…Why?” Joel asked with a confused look on his face. Adam’s whole stomach dropped to his feet. He had missed the only thing he was meant to find.
“Just a moment,” Adam said and he disappeared around the back of the barn and out of sight.
He raced as fast as he could to try and detect the trail of his intended find but he couldn’t pick it out, only snatchers stood out to him and everything else was very difficult to pinpoint. The horses made it almost impossible for him to track. After all he was only new at being a snatcher. Giving up he rested his intertwined hands at the back of his head and tried to fend off the progressing panic. He couldn’t believe he had missed her. After a moment of contemplation he saw no use for it and he went back to Joel.
“What was that about?” Joel asked when Adam returned.
“Nature called,” he lied and Joel just took it for the reasonable explanation it was.
“Tell me, does that Miss Belle come around here often?” He asked trying to act casual about it whilst internally worrying.
“She used to,” he said as he started to shovel hay. “She lived here but now she has left. That is the first time she has been here in a long time.”
“Do you think she will be back?” Adam hoped that she would.
“What would I know of her schedule?” Joel laughed at the ridiculous question. Adam found that a fair enough reaction.
“Do you know who that man was riding with her?” He enquired as he picked up a shovel of his own and started to help his friend.
“About time,” Joel joked with a small laugh behind his words. “No, I do not know who that fellow was.”
Adam decided to let it drop, he didn’t want Joel starting to suspect him of anything. Not that he would be able to guess the truth but still, you never knew who knew what these days.

CHAPTER 12:

Adam came running up to the house in the dead of night but Baden knew he was coming.
“Who is it?” Stewart asked, his senses not as refined as Baden’s.
“It is Adam,” he said opening the door. After a few minutes Adam appeared out of the trees and made his way to the entrance where they were waiting. His face looked guilty and Baden’s soul started to churn with worry.
“What is it?” Baden asked urgently. Adam stayed outside for security in case Baden became furious. “Tell me,” Baden demanded starting to lose it.
“I saw her,” Adam blurted out and Baden took a breath and smiled. He looked to Stewart and started to laugh with relief. Stewart smiled at his friend’s respite but could tell they didn’t have the whole story yet.
“Where is she now?” Baden asked as if he was a burden free man.
“Uh, that I am not sure of…” Adam trailed off and cowered away a little. Baden’s face dropped when he realised what he was saying.
“You said you saw her,” Baden argued as if this would change what had already happened.
“I did,” Adam said. “She was riding away on a horse…with a man. She was leaving Eli’s Manor when I saw her. When I went after them I could not find their trail,” Adam explained and waited fearfully for Baden’s retribution but it never came. Baden just stood there trying to think of what could be happening.
“Who was she with?” Stewart asked when he could see that Baden couldn’t string a sentence together at the moment.
“I tried to find out, I did,” Adam said in his defence. “But he could not be identified.” Stewart looked to Baden who still seemed to be lost in thought.
“Riding on a horse is not the worst thing they could have been doing,” Stewart reasoned optimistically trying to reassure him. Baden slowly moved his furious gaze to Stewart.
“I did not imagine they would be doing anything worse,” Baden said angrily.
“Oh,” Stewart mumbled wishing he hadn’t said anything. He looked back to Adam to try and brush off what he just said. “Is that all?” He asked the young man.
“Yes,” Adam said nervously.
“Very well, go and see if you can find her,” Stewart instructed and Adam was off. He was so relieved that he wasn’t scolded that he smiled all the way as he ran back to the manor.
Stewart shut the door and looked at Baden. Not wanting to talk about it Baden walked away before Stewart could say anything. Ignoring his attempts at solitude Stewart followed him into the library.
“Leave,” Baden said rudely.
“No,” Stewart refused. “You are worried.”
“No I am not,” Baden argued stubbornly.
“Do not lie. Say what is on your mind,” he pushed.
“No,” Baden yelled.
“Yes!” Stewart yelled even louder.
“No,” he yelled again.
“Yes!” Stewart repeated.
“Who is he?!” Baden shouted giving into Stewart’s persistence. The room went quiet and an understanding blanketed the place. Baden was jealous.
Baden looked around the room as if it would hold an answer for him, which it didn’t. He looked back to Stewart.
“Who is he? Who is this man holding my Annie?” He asked quieter than Stewart had ever heard him speak. He always spoke in gentle tones when it came to Annie but this time it had a hint of pain in it.
“You told me that she rode with Micah,” he said trying to make him feel better. “It is obviously something she does.”
“It should be me,” Baden said sitting down on a single armchair. He rested his elbows on his knees and leaned his chin on his clasped hands. Stewart took a seat across from him and being the kind of friend he was he decided to be truthful.
“And what if it is never you again?” He asked with no intent to hurt Baden.
Baden’s eyes darted from across the room where he was gazing to Stewart and his mind filled with every rebuke known to man. He wanted to throw his hurt all over Stewart for even daring to say it. But when he gave himself time he calmed down and knew that it was something that he was going to have to contemplate. A possibility he tried so hard to avoid. He sat back in the chair and placed his arms on the rests avoiding Stewart’s eyes.
“I do not believe she has moved on,” Stewart said honestly and Baden felt hope rise in him.
“He will not be good enough for her,” Baden commented believing it with everything inside him.
“Not to be offensive but do you believe you are?” Stewart asked just to bring all aspects of the discussion into play. Baden glanced up at him then back down trying to ignore the reality that he would never be good enough for Annie.
“You are right,” Baden agreed eventually.
“I did not actually submit a personal opinion to the discussion, I merely added the other side,” Stewart explained. “Do not put words in my mouth.”
“It is true though,” Baden continued painfully. “No matter what I do to try and redeem myself for what I have done I will never come close to what she deserves.”
“It hurt when I realised that for myself,” Stewart said of his own experience.
“Maybe he is someone who can love her with his whole being. Maybe he is good?” Baden said wishing so much that he himself could be that person.
“Baden…” Stewart let out half a laugh. “You do not even know the nature of their relationship. All that happened was he rode with her on a horse which you have witnessed her doing in the past with friends,” he reasoned.
“Yes, however,” Baden tried to say but he was cut off.
“Do you think she loves you?” Stewart asked interrupting him. Baden remained silent and Stewart rolled his eyes at his stubbornness. “You know she loves you Baden.”
Baden wanted to feel relieved. He wanted to cling to the small glimmer of hope inside of him that said he could spend forever with Annie. Though even if he did get the opportunity to do so, should he? Would that be what was best for her?
“You are going to torture yourself, are you not?” Stewart asked and Baden just stared at him. “Fine, I will leave you to your brooding.” Stewart stood to leave.
“You put the idea in my head,” Baden said to Stewart as he left, not really blaming him at all.
“It was there far before I came along,” Stewart responded as he walked out the door.
“I know,” Baden said quietly to the silent room. “And I think it may be there until I cease to be,” he said low enough so Stewart was unable to hear it.

CHAPTER 13:

Annie was laying on Jory’s bed one afternoon feeling rather defeated. The sun shone through the window and warmed her skin but it didn’t penetrate into her soul. She laid her arm against her head and covered her eyes from the blinding glare of the sun.
Jory came past the opened door looking for her and when he saw her lying on the bed a smile came across his face even though she hadn’t seen him yet. He crept up sneakily, skulking like a kitten up to an unsuspecting ball of yarn. She started to turn her head and he saw the element of surprise slipping away. Not wanting to give up the opportunity he jumped onto the bed and caged her in with his frame.
Annie screamed louder than she ever had then started laughing when she realised who it was. She bounced so high she collided with Jory’s chest then came to settle onto the bed again after the mattress came to a springy stop. When the fun slowly faded and the joke was over she couldn’t stop her smile from slightly fading and the light of joy left her eyes. He saw it straight away and collapsed hard on the mattress beside her, creating another shock of springing waves. It brought another giggle from her but it never really reached her eyes. He let out a soft sigh and watched her as she stared at the ceiling.
“Annie,” Jory said and after a moment she looked at him, flinging her head towards him knowing what he was going to say. “How can I make you feel better?” She couldn’t help but think, be Baden, but she felt guilty for it immediately. She would never ask for Jory to be Baden because Jory was Jory and she didn’t want him to be anyone else. She let out a lengthy sigh and went back to looking at the ceiling.
“Let us just forget about everything,” Annie said wanting to push it out of her mind for a while.
“I have a better idea,” Jory said as if he had a stroke of genius. She looked back to him and with a cheeky grin he shot off the bed and out of the room. She sat up and leaned back on her arms trying to figure out what was going on. Not too long later Jory came back through the door with his hands behind his back.
Annie’s hair was pulled back in a wispy and wild mess after lying down and Jory couldn’t believe how beautiful she looked even though she wasn’t trying at all.
“What is behind your back?” She asked curiously moving her head to try and see behind him. His grin became wider and his eyes lit up with excitement.
“Something that will make you happy, if past experience is any indication,” he said before he brought the big white box that contained her dress from Baden from behind him. Her face dropped instantly as she realised what it was. She looked up at him horrified, why would he bring that to her? She had buried it at the back of her room so it was far out of sight but somehow never out of mind.
“Jory,” she said in disbelief as she shuffled off the bed to move away from it as if it was diseased.
“Annie, do not panic until I tell you the plan,” he said setting himself between her and the door. She stepped forward and he stepped back to block her only way out. He kicked the door shut with his foot whilst keeping his eyes on her.
“Do not,” she warned but he ignored it. She took a step forward and to the side be he mimicked her, stepping back again.
“I am not letting you out of this room,” he said. She decided to make a sprint for the door but he was already there locking it. He quickly spun around and gently grabbed her around the waist, picking her up with one arm and holding the package with the other. She hung in his arm looking around the room, refusing to look at him. “Give in?” He asked in his cute way. She rolled her eyes. “Do not roll your eyes,” he said without even seeing her do it.
“I did not,” she lied knowing he knew. He simply laughed and she spun her head around to him. They had a stare off for a moment before she gave in.
“Fine,” she surrendered. He set her down cautiously and when she didn’t make another run for it he stood to his full height.
“I know it makes you happy to think of how your life will turn out,” he started to explain his reason for the dress. “So, why not for one moment, just pretend that you have that?” She looked at him trying to decide whether to agree to his idea or not. “Live the dream as if it were true.”
He held out the box for her to take and she stood with her arms crossed peering down at it, contemplating what it would be like to wear the dress. She looked back up to him and once she had the taste for the dream she imagined what the material would feel like against her skin, how it would look on her, how she would feel in it.
“What about my hair?” She asked pulling her hands through her hair.
“It looks lovely,” he said and it made her blush a little. The idea flooded fun through her entire body and she grabbed the box excitedly with a huge grin. She ran off to the partition and jumped behind it with the box. Jory was happy that she was forgetting about it all, at least for a moment. He saw her fling her dress over the divider and heard the rustle of tissue paper.
There was a long silence and before he was ready for it she stepped out from behind the barrier. His face dropped from a smile into a look of astonishment. He was left grounded by how utterly breathtaking she looked.
The dress had the complimentary bust line that sat nicely under her chest. The short sleeves were sheer lace that sat delicately on her shoulders and the low neckline sat gently against the skin of her chest. The sheer layer that sat over the white silk body of the dress had the most delicately stitched pattern that ran over it. It was almost more than he could take to look her. When Annie saw the look on his face she misread it and started to worry.
“What?” She asked looking down trying to see if there was something wrong. He quickly recovered himself.
“Nothing,” he said, his voice a little husky. She looked up and he cleared his throat. “Nothing,” he tried again and this time it came out more like his usual voice. “You look wonderful,” he understated. A content smile came across her face and she walked over to him, her dress flowing elegantly as she walked with the back subtly longer, trailing behind her. She stood in front of him feeling exhilarated in her dress.
“No gloves?” He asked looking down at her arms. He softly grazed his hand against the skin of her arm.
“No, they would ruin it,” she said honestly and it made him smile. It was so her to not wear gloves and he loved that. “Now all I need is a strapping young gentleman to accompany me,” she said implying him as she poked his chest. He looked up at her in surprise and a little confused, trying not to let his hope grow. “I know you must have a suit in this room somewhere.”
“Maybe,” he said avoiding saying yes.
“Do not make me stand here looking ridiculous by myself,” she reasoned.
“You look anything but ridiculous,” he guaranteed as he took her in.
“Pleeeease,” she asked with the most puppy dog look she could manage. It worked more than she knew. He rolled his eyes and she smiled with her victory. He retrieved his own formal attire from a long forgotten box and took it behind the partition.
It was a long time since he wore a full suit and it had every little detail known to man. He struggled to remember how exactly to put it on but eventually made it in the end. He stepped out feeling worse for wear but he looked like the picturesque gentleman. Annie’s face fell into a wide, appreciative grin as he came out from behind the partition dressed to perfection.
Walking over feeling completely ridiculous he stood in front of her like a regimented soldier. The suit was so not Jory’s style but he looked handsome none the less. After having enough of the military joke he did a small jig on the spot and stopped as abruptly as he begun. Annie couldn’t help but laugh at his silliness and he joined in her happiness, however temporary it might be.
“Now what are we to do?” She asked not having thought ahead to this point. He exaggeratedly moved his hand to his chin, stroking it as if he had a long beard which made her smile once again.
“I believe the customary thing to do at a wedding is to dance,” he said as he dropped his hand to his sides.
“We have no music,” she pointed out pretending it was a silly suggestion, though all of what they were doing was rather silly.
“I know,” he said as it had already occurred to him. He stepped closer to her and her breath caught a little. Slowly, he took one of her hands in his and placed his other hand on her waist. She in turn placed her hand on his shoulder and looked up at him expectantly.
“And now?” She asked quietly. Their bodies were close but not touching which almost was more torturous than actually touching itself. It was like his body wanted to lean closer but he had to hold himself back.
“I am waiting for your choice of music,” he said as if this were obvious.
“I do not mind. I would like you to choose,” she offered.
“Well there is this one piece I came across at the institute by a man named Johann Pachelbel,” he explained and she tried to recall the name but came up short. “He is hardly known at all, really,” he said as he saw her draw a blank. This made them laugh a little because somehow it made it even sillier. “However,” he declared when they had calmed down. “Though he is not very well known and the piece is practically undiscovered, I have been fortunate enough to come across it on my travels.”
“Really?” She asked acting as if she was greatly impressed. “Well, by all means that must be what we dance to.”
“Very well.” Jory cleared his throat and though he should be dancing with a straight posture he decided to keep his face close to hers rather than conform to convention.
When he started his hum it began with humble notes and though it was a simple piece it truly was beautiful. Haunting in its tone and wordless story, and perfect in its unpretentious charm. They danced slowly with Jory leading her easily and when she stumbled he held her closer against him. He slowed the tempo of the song to draw the dance out longer just to have more time to hold her. As his low hum sounded close to her ear and felt as if it trickled through her and filled her soul. His voice sounded lovely as it caressed its self into the notes and in their little, quiet moment they forgot about everything else except for each other.
When the song drew to a close they stopped dancing but held onto each other without really taking notice.
“Beautiful,” he whispered to her and she wasn’t sure if he was talking about the song he seemed to love or something more. The quiet of the room felt like it became heavier as they stood there and before Jory could do anything to stop himself he leaned his face closer into hers. Their lips were almost touching and she could feel his warm honey-breath against her now moist lips.
In a moment of clear thought she pulled her head back slightly and before she could say anything there was a knock at the door. The moment was broken in an instant and it felt like their trance had released them from its hold. They both stepped away from each other and tried to find something around the room to concentrate on. Once again, whoever it was, knocked and they both remembered what they had forgotten.
“The door,” Jory said and they walked towards it. He grabbed the handle and looked at Annie before he opened the door to find Everard standing there. He went to say something but froze, mouth agape as he looked at what they were wearing. They both looked down at the other’s apparel then back to Everard.
“We were getting married,” Annie said and Everard’s mouth snapped shut whilst Jory shot his head back and forth between them trying to understand what he just heard. “I am having fun with you,” she clarified with a slightly panicked smile when she saw that Everard had taken it seriously. It concerned her that he was so quick to believe it.
“What…” Jory started to say but he looked back at Annie as if he were confused then quickly looked back to his brother. “What is it?” Everard took a moment to regroup his train of thought.
“Uh…” He stammered. “I think we do need to get our hands on that journal,” he said eventually.
“Well, that is obvious,” Annie said not trying to be rude but thinking that his interruption seemed pointless. “But Eli is unwilling to assist,” she reminded.
“I am aware of that,” he said and would have smiled at his own plan he was presenting if he wasn’t so taken aback by the moment that he had disturbed. “But Martha has just caught wind that Eli will be out of town for a short time.
“And…?” Annie still didn’t understand.
“We can sneak in and borrow it for a brief period,” Everard said as if it were obvious. “Well, you two will have to as Martha and I have never been invited into the house but we will assist you both.”
“When is Eli departing?” She asked hopeful, forgetting about what just happened with Jory.
“In a week,” he answered.
“A whole week!” Annie felt disheartened.
“Not to worry,” Jory said. “It will come soon enough, I can almost guarantee it.” And before he knew it, she would be with Baden and he would be alone.
“Then let us get to planning,” she said as she ran to the partition to get dressed. Everard looked at Jory with a warning glance and he held his arms up as if he had no control over the circumstances he was implicated in. Everard just rolled his eyes at his brother’s lack of control. Unbeknown to him Jory was controlling himself more than he could ever know.
Annie came running out dressed in her white day dress, box all packaged up and ready for storage and they were forced to stop their silent argument.
“The library?” Annie asked looking between them feeling she had interrupted something.
“Yes, let us go,” Everard stood aside so she could pass. “Get out of those clothes,” he whispered to Jory before he left to catch up to Annie.
Jory closed the door and stood there in the room remembering the moment when their lips had almost touched and he swore he could taste her. Or maybe that was just hope?
No use in thinking of it now, they were about to go to planning how to find her love, which left him far behind.

CHAPTER 14:

That week was the longest week of Annie’s life. Minutes felt like hours and hours, days. She had ignored whatever it was she had started to notice with Jory. That was all too confusing and something she had never really dealt with before. She wasn’t experienced in things of that nature and she couldn’t even pinpoint what it was let alone look into it further.
The plan to get the journal was to sneak in through the side window with a broken latch on the bottom floor. Annie knew it was there because she had broken it accidently and never told him. She would sneak to the library and locate the book then leave immediately. Jory was insisting to go in with her but it wasn’t necessary because if Eli did catch her out he wouldn’t hurt her and it would put more people in the house than needed. He would go with her to the window and wait for her there whilst Martha and Everard stood guard near the gates. Annie was happy with the plan and thought it would go down without a hitch.
The night before came and Annie was anxious. She lay there next to Jory, who was sleeping soundly. She looked across to him, his face relaxed and his chest rising and falling slowly with his breathing. His tan skin looked as if it was luminous with the dim glow of the moonlight.
As she lay there taking in his pleasant, peaceful features she heard a soft, sudden tap on the window. She wasn’t sure if she heard it or not so she lifted her head slightly to get a better look at the window. Suddenly she saw a little pebble hit the glass lightly and bounce off. She looked to see if Jory noticed it but he was still sleeping soundly. Seeing it again she slowly slipped off the bed and snuck up to the window, staying low so she couldn’t to be seen by whoever it was. She peeked over the sill through the glass and looked down into the trees. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust but when they did she saw a figure standing in the trees. Her heart started racing and she felt her blood rush through her veins with fear.
“Jory,” Annie whispered frantically, keeping her eyes on the figure.
Before she could say his name again the figure stepped out of the shadows and into the blue moonlight. She blinked a few times to see if she was seeing right but no matter how hard she looked all she could see was Baden standing there. He must have found a way out.
She rushed out of the room and down the stairs before another thought could cross her mind. Baden was waiting for her. She ran out the front door in a sprint and around to the trees where he was standing. The night air was brisk against her warm skin and a smile broke onto her face as she came up to the trees. She didn’t even care that she was wearing a sheer nightgown all she cared was that Baden was there.
And there he was, standing where she had seen him. As she slowed her pace she eventually stopped when she was a few feet away. It was hard to see but something was wrong. He walked closer to her and as he did his face was revealed and it was someone she had never seen her before. He certainly looked similar to Baden, especially from a distance and in the shadows you wouldn’t be able to tell them apart but it was obvious now that is wasn’t him. The smile fell from her face as she looked at him confused. He stepped towards her and in turn she took a step back.
He was dressed all in black in clothes that were from another time. His leather tights slimmed his lower half to accentuate his enormous looking shoulders that were amplified by shoulder decorations fit for the leader of an army.
“Annie,” he said her name as if his lips were caressing it. Confused she looked harder at his face to see if she knew him but she recalled nothing.
“Who are you?” She asked breathlessly as the words came out as frost against the cold night. He smiled and it turned into something mischievous and almost sinister.
“I am your worst nightmare,” he said with a pleased grin.
Before she could let out the scream she was mustering up in her chest a hard hand clamped her from behind and held her tight against their body. Her breathing came out heavy with fear as she watched the stranger approach. As he came closer another figure came from the shadows of the trees and flanked him, stopping after a few steps. The Baden impersonator came up and stopped close to her restrained body.
“You were right, Oliver,” the man behind her said to the man in front. “She thought you were Baden.” The follower was dressed in a tainted silver, armour-like outfit that was made mostly of chainmail with a leather under suit. It didn’t look modern at all, it looked like it was fashioned from designs of centuries ago. Now that she had seen it she realised that whoever was holding her was also wearing the same armour.
Annie could tell they were more than human, they were definitely snatchers and something about them made her think this Oliver had been around for a long time. She tried to steady her breathing as her chest rose and fell rapidly with panic. Oliver smiled to her as if he were greeting a friend.
“I will tell him to let you go on one condition,” Oliver offered. His voice was smooth and alluring, like he was trying to coax and manipulate her. Annie just stared at him because there was nothing else she could do. “Well?” He prompted so she moved her head to indicate a nod. “He will let you go but if you scream you die.”
She nodded again seeing no use in denying him. Oliver looked past her and the man behind her stepped away. When she was released she rubbed her neck trying to work out the kink from being held with too much strength. Oliver saw her discomfort then his gaze turned to follow the man who had released her. He looked angry as if the man had done something wrong.
“Get over there,” Oliver barked and the man ran to stand on the other side, joining the defensive stance of the other minion. He looked back to her and suddenly she felt very vulnerable. There was nothing she could do in this situation that she had so stupidly fallen into. They stood there in silence measuring each other. His eyes trailed over her body from head to foot and the look he gave was one of appreciation.
“Who are you?” She gathered the courage to ask when he hadn’t spoken in a while. His eyes darted to hers and his everlasting grin became wider.
“Why, my name is Oliver Praston, Annie Belle,” he said being smart to her. She squinted her eyes in irritation.
“How do you know who I am?” She asked trying to hide her exasperation.
“Everyone who is worth their soul knows you, Annie.” He kept saying her name as if it meant he had won something she was unaware of.
“And why is that so?” She asked folding her arms.
He stepped closer to her and she would have stepped away had he not wrapped his arms around her. She used her arms to push against his chest to try and put some distance between them but he was too strong. He leaned down and whispered into her ear.
“You do not step into Baden Brighton’s life without everyone noticing you,” he said. Annie’s heart started racing in fear. He pulled his head back and looked into her face.
“Well, Oliver. I think it best if I be on my way.” She tried to escape but didn’t expect it to work.
“Oh, Annie,” he said brushing a stray tress away from her face as if they were intimately connected. She struggled and tried to pull away but he either didn’t notice or chose not to. “Baden has taken many things from me; my reputation, the status that should have been mine.” He squeezed her waist a little as if he were excited. “But now I will have the only thing he wants…” His eyes widened with victory. “You.”
Dropping one of his arms he turned to his inferior followers, inferior because they were obviously not as strong, commanding or enticing as this frightful stranger.
“Get the horse,” he snarled the orders. Surely someone had heard him when he yelled? For how angry he was to others he was being extra careful when it came to Annie. He turned back to his new trophy with a look of almost tenderness. “Rumour had it you were beautiful but people do tend to exaggerate for the fun of it. I was fearful I would be stuck with a dog for eternity but I must say,” he said giving her a quick glance over. “This is far better than I could have ever imagined.”
“Eternity?” Annie repeated, shocked at his word.
“Of course,” he said as if the plan were blatantly obvious. “I am going to make you mine forever.” His smile slid over her and it felt like a sticky mess that she might never be able to scrub off.
When she was able to hear the horse being brought through the trees Oliver started to pull her along beside him as he moved towards it. What could she do? She couldn’t fight them or outrun them. If she screamed he would kill her, but wouldn’t that be better than an eternity with this possessive, vindictive snatcher?
Just as she was taking in a breath to scream something whipped past her at an undetectable speed. It crashed into Oliver and knocked him to the ground. Because his arm had been around Annie’s waist when he had been dragged down she came crashing down with him. She slammed against the ground and felt herself drag against the gravel as Oliver’s hand was ripped from around her waist. She skidded to a stop and felt the grazes burn against the side of her body. Propping herself up as best as she could she looked over to the fight that ensued the attack. It was hard to see who it was that had saved her as the dark was disguising them.
Oliver’s men were making their way to the scuffle and she saw this as her time to leave. As long as she could get inside the house she would be fine. With a whimpering sigh to herself as she hoisted her battered body off the ground she started to make her way towards the manor. She found that she had to limp because she had twisted her ankle. She hobbled to the wall and used it as support to move along as she walked. She turned to see if there was anyone after her and for an instant her hero’s face was illuminated in moonlight. It caused her to pause for the slightest moment because she thought that she saw Micah’s face. She blinked again before she took another look but his face was once again hidden by the dark and the rapid movements of the fight.
She heard footsteps coming from behind her but before she could turn around she felt a hand on her shoulder. Blindly hitting at whoever it was touching her she swung in the dark hardly hitting them or making any significant injuries. The person soon had her hands restricted and held her tightly. To her utter relief she looked up when her struggles where subdued and saw Jory holding her. Closing her eyes in relief she sunk into him wearily. He had come to save her.

CHAPTER 15:

Picking Annie up off the ground into his arms Jory made his way around to the entrance of the manor. He rushed inside and took her to their room, laying her on the bed carefully. The room was ablaze with light and she closed her eyes from the contrast of it as she tried to push away the stinging on her side. Very gently he turned her onto the side that wasn’t hurt and lifted her nightdress to the top of her legs. Long grazes of skin and blood ran down her legs and up under her dress to her waist where he could not see.
“Where are Martha and Everard?” She asked wondering why they were not there. She peeked her eyes open, testing the light again. When she found it did not hurt she kept them open.
“They are outside,” he said without elaborating. He inspected the wound and ran out the door faster than she had time to respond. Quicker than she thought was possible he was back with a small basin and a wash cloth.
“Is it safe for them to be out there?” She asked panicked at what they might be facing. Jory looked at her as if he were flabbergasted at how she could be thinking that right now. She cowered a little at his stern look and decided not to push it any further.
“Now this is going to sting,” he advised as he poised the now wet wash cloth over her leg. She just nodded and clenched her jaw as he laid the cloth on her leg and at first it was cool and soothing but soon the burn overthrew any respite it gifted. He cleaned the grazes as best he could without hurting her but he knew it was painful.
Martha and Everard came running up the stairs and Jory pulled her dress back over her leg before they came in the room. They rushed in looking to see how Annie was. Martha was filled with pure relief when she laid eyes on a relatively well Annie. She hurried to her and sat next to her on the bed, whereas Everard stood next to Jory.
“What happened?” Martha asked holding back the tears.
Everyone stood there looking at Annie expectantly for how on earth she had gotten into that mess. She could take everyone’s gaze except for Jory’s, she looked away from the disappointment she saw there.
“Oliver…” Annie started.
“Oliver?” Everard interrupted showing his surprise at the name.
“Yes, his name was Oliver. Why?” Annie asked not sure if she really wanted to know. Everyone turned to Everard for the answer but he just stood there.
“He…we will talk of that later,” he brushed it off as if it was nothing but everyone could see it was bigger than he was letting on.
“Well, he threw stones at the window and when I looked out I thought he was Baden,” Annie explained.
“So you went down even though you know Baden is trapped?” Jory asked making her feel stupid.
“I thought he may have found a way that we have not,” she defended herself.
“Then what?” Everard interrupted them before they could get into an argument. Annie looked at Jory as if to make sure he wasn’t going to say anything else before she continued.
“He started to say how Baden had the reputation he wanted so he would take me to spite him,” she said trying to push away the memory.
“It looks as if we have more to be concerned about than originally anticipated,” Everard thought aloud. Annie dropped her head back onto the pillow and tried not to let the new obstacle weigh her down.
“Did you not kill him?” Jory asked as if they were crazy not to.
“By the time we arrived he was gone and only his two companions were there. They were disposed of easily,” Martha said a little defensive.
“The one who helped me was not there?” Annie asked sitting up, wincing from the pain. Jory started to move toward her but the glare she shot him stopped him from moving.
“Someone else was there?” Everard asked completely shocked.
“Yes. He came out of nowhere just before Oliver could take me away. If they had not been there I would be abducted by now,” Annie said still trying to work out if who she thought it was, was in fact who it was. Martha, Jory and Everard looked at each other and came up blank as to who it may have been.
“At least there may be an ally out there…maybe?” Martha reasoned. Everyone remained silent for a moment trying to process what it all meant for them.
“I think we may be best to make a visit to the institute,” Everard suggested.
“But what about the journal?” Annie asked feeling this was a crucial element in all their efforts.
“You hardly seem up to the exertion,” he said referring to her injuries.
“I can do it, let me do it,” she insisted.
“Maybe I can do it?” Jory interjected.
“You do not know your way around the manor, Jory. I can do this,” she said looking at Everard, pleading with her eyes. “Please,” she asked softly. He took a moment to think about it.
“If it is that important to you then we will go there as planned tomorrow then leave first thing the next morning,” he conceded. “Come now Martha, let Annie have some rest.”
With a small touch to the arm Martha reluctantly left the room, closing the door behind them. When it was just Jory and Annie again the room was filled with a palpable silence. They didn’t even look at each other, trying hard not to give in before the other. When it became too much he gave up.
“Do not scare me like that again,” he scolded angrily.
“I did not intend to almost die tonight,” she said feeling defensive from his tone.
“You need to be more careful. You need to start thinking about something other than Baden,” he blurted out. Not because he wanted to put Baden down but because he wanted Annie to think. It was the worst thing he could have said because when it came to her giving up Baden she would rather die than do so.
“Just concern yourself with yourself,” she said harshly and his face showed his surprise.
She leant over and snuffed out the lamp closest to her. Stretching to it hurt her side but she tried not to show it. Seeing that she didn’t want to talk to him he threw the cloth in the basin and walked over to his side of the bed, turned the lamp off and laid down. He tried to get comfortable but he couldn’t quite manage it. He tossed and turned for a while then just lay awake trying to push away the fear of almost losing Annie.
After a time of silence he heard Annie crying softly. He turned around to face her but she had her back to him.
“Annie,” he whispered but she didn’t turn over. “I am sorry,” he said.
“I understand that you were frightened. It is not that,” she said still crying.
“What is it?” He asked as he gently touched her back.
“My side it throbbing,” she explained and her voice broke on the words. Jory immediately stood up and retrieved the basin and towel. He came around, sat the basin on his bedside table then hopped back into bed.
“Here,” he said as he drew her closer to him. She moved slowly and painfully towards him keeping her back to him so the grazed side was not touching the mattress. He pulled the blankets down and slowly started lifting her dress. He lifted it enough to expose the wound up her leg but he hesitated before he went further.
“Yes,” she said quietly giving permission to the unspoken question. Slowly he lifted it the rest of the way. Her whole back, legs and backside were exposed and the aggressive graze ran all the way along her. He took the towel, wrung it out and laid down next to her.
With extreme care he dabbed at the injury and the burning was relieved where it was touched by the cool towel. When the towel became warm from his hand and her body warmth he remoistened it then continued his duty. Sometimes he would come across rocks stuck into her skin and he would carefully brush them out, trying not to hurt her. He lightly dabbed her hip and tried to give her some privacy by pulling the blankets up behind her to cover as much of her as he could. His hands and movements were careful and gentle and most of all they were filled with the love he held for her.
She lay there trying to ignore the stinging on her side. She let out a shuddering breath when the tears had subsided and she was left exhausted from the strain of the event now past. She was half falling asleep, drifting in and out of consciousness. Her eyes fluttering as she struggled to stay awake. Jory couldn’t help but admire her lovely, milky skin that wrapped itself all the way around her, clear of every imperfection other than the graze. Not being able to help himself he leant down and kissed the middle of her back, between her shoulder blades.
“Thank you,” she said drowsily.
He continued to dab at her body with tenderness and care and he would do it for as long as she needed him to.
“Love you,” Annie said quietly on a deeply exhaled breath and Jory froze at the words.
“Love you,” he said back barely able to get the words out.
“Baden,” she said his name in her sleepy haze as she dreamt of him and Jory realised that those special words had not been meant for him and they never would be.
“Does it feel better?” He whispered and she stirred from her light sleep enough to answer. She twisted slightly to face him.
“Yes,” she said huskily and reached out, touching his face with her hand. “Thank you, Jory.” And she was grateful with all of her heart. He smiled and pulled her dress back over to cover her. He placed the towel back in the bowl and held the blankets up so she could move easier.
“Get some sleep now,” he said ignoring the ache in his heart that seemed to be becoming a permanent fixture in him.
She turned over and with extra care she laid on her back but it still hurt no matter how careful she was. She dropped her hand into his and he clasped onto it as she closed her eyes. Carefully he placed the blankets over her and watched her sleep for a time. He could see when her side hurt because her brow would furrow and she would move ever so slightly. He watched the sleep rest on her face and she looked peaceful amongst the chaos of her lovely hair.
After a kiss to her forehead he rested his head on the pillow close to hers and closing his eyes he fell asleep next to his only love.

CHAPTER 16:

The next night Annie struggled to get dressed but she managed it. She wore black tights and one of Everard’s older day shirts. She couldn’t wear Jory’s because his was too large and she needed to be sleek to climb and sneak around the dark house. Martha had braided her hair back so it was out of the way. She tied the laces of her boots tightly and they were off just after sunset, headed towards Eli’s manor.
Again Annie rode with Jory and Martha with Everard. She didn’t let on to the others but her side hurt so much she could barely walk. She wasn’t going to let that stop her. She ignored the pain and persevered being sure to keep her face hidden when the pain became too much.
Everyone was silent on their way paying particular attention to any noise they heard. Everyone was a bit on edge and when it came to the slightest noise that turned out to be nothing it made them ride slightly faster. They decided not to take the carriage as they needed that for the trip to the institute and didn’t want to risk it getting damaged, not that they expected trouble. Horses made for a quicker getaway in any case.
When they pulled up to the gates of Eli’s manor they came to a stop and they all jumped down. Jory handed the reins of his horse to Everard and he moved over towards the trees with Martha. Annie looked at the unnerving manor and tried to summon some courage to sneak in. All the windows were dark and the grounds were empty and it gave an eerie feeling to the place.
“Are you certain Eli is away?” She asked Everard.
“As sure as you are here,” he guaranteed but she still wasn’t instilled with confidence.
Before she could talk herself out of it she started walking through the gates, Jory close behind. They ran and crept along the side of the manor walls and around towards the back. Annie’s side was sore but to her credit she put in the best effort she could. When they came to the window they looked around to see if they could spy anyone. She looked to Jory as if for permission.
“Go, I will be right here waiting for you,” he assured her.
Without saying anything she pushed on the window but it didn’t open. After a moment of confusion she pushed a little harder and the window flew open into the room and crashed against the wall. They cringed from the noise and took another glance around to make sure it didn’t stir anyone to come looking. When the coast looked clear she gave another quick glance to Jory then he gave her a boost over the window sill. The hoist was a little too enthusiastic and she fell through the window and onto the ground. Hiding the whimper of pain because of her side she scuffled around until she found her feet and jumped up, looking back to Jory.
“Sorry,” he said, his face recoiled waiting to see how angry she would be. When all she gave was a huffy look and walked off he stuck his head through the window and called after her. “Sorry! Be careful.”
“Shh!” She whispered before she walked out of the room the window was in. It was the back sunroom and easy enough to get out of.
Creeping through the house with no lights sent a shiver down her spine. She knew the place well but it didn’t make it feel welcoming. She stayed against the walls and moved slowly, trying not to trip along the way. When she came across a cabinet or divan against the wall she would bump into it before she realised it was there. Sometimes she hit it so hard she would curse under her breath then have to stop herself from making too much noise. Every now and then her side would hurt too much and she would have to wait for a moment to catch her breath. Every time she felt like giving up she would think of Baden and it would spur her on. Just the thought of seeing him was enough encouragement.
Suddenly she felt a cool breeze swish past her and she froze. After waiting to see if she felt it again and finding nothing she continued. It felt like someone was watching her but she told herself it was her just scaring herself so she ignored the feeling. She hurried her pace and soon enough she came upon the library. She was hoping that it wasn’t locked because she had no idea what she would do in that case. With a hint of hesitation she put her hand on the night-chilled handle and closed her eyes as she turned it. To her relief it was unlocked. Taking a glimpse around at the dark room, which was pointless because she couldn’t see a thing, she went into the library and closed the door. Now she just had to find the journal.
She decided to look on his desk, which was the last place she had seen him put it. Kicking her toe numerous times along the way she made it to the desk. Though the large window at the end of the room did supply some light from the moon it wasn’t enough to be sufficient. Lighting a lamp wouldn’t harm would it? Deciding it wouldn’t she opened the draw that had the matches and lit the closest lamp. Blinking until her eyes adjusted to the light she looked around the room and to her astonishment there was a young man standing across the room. Her hand went straight to her chest in fight and she opened her mouth to scream but he held his hands up with a look of fear on his face, waving frantically to her to be quiet.
For a reason she couldn’t explain she decided not to scream, he looked more frightened of her than she was of him. She tried to remember if she had ever seen him before but he was a stranger to her. He twisted his hands together in a nervous mess as if he was completely lost.
“Who are you?” Annie asked measuring the boy. She thought he might be around her age, however he seemed younger.
“Adam,” he answered nervously. He was able to enter the house as his friend Joel had invited him in before, but he had never taken the offer until now.
Adam was sure this was Annie but he didn’t know what to do because she was with two other snatchers and the other one. But maybe it wasn’t? She was beautiful but he hadn’t got a good look at Annie the first time he saw her.
“What are you doing creeping around in Eli’s manor?” She questioned seeing she was in control of this encounter.
“I could ask the same thing of you,” he countered. Deciding that he wasn’t going to leave and she wasn’t about to tell him what was going on she recommenced her searched. This young man didn’t frighten her at all.
It seemed like there were a million draws and compartments in the desk and every draw she opened was filled with weapons, papers and everything but the journal. After a few irritating, defeating moments she slammed one of the draws shut and looked up to Adam. He had walked a little closer but still kept his distance.
“What is it that you want?” She asked brusquely.
“May I ask your name?” He asked timidly.
“No, you may not.” She was annoyed at his strange presence. She looked down and started pulling open other draws randomly until she got to one that was stuck. She pulled harder and realised it was locked. She straightened up and looked around for a key. She gasped when she saw Adam had made his way up to the desk.
“Need help?” He asked in his shy way. She was about to refuse it but then realised he may know where the key was. After all he was in Eli’s manor.
“Do you know where the key is to this draw?” She asked pointing to the drawer she was referring to.
“Nope, cannot say I do,” he said seeming more relaxed. She dropped her shoulders feeling deflated from her dead end. “But I can open it,” he said and she looked at him questioningly.
He stepped towards the drawer and she moved to give him room. He bent down, clasped the handle and pulled at the drawer, only this time when it hit the restraint of the lock it was broken by the force and it rushed open in one smooth motion. Annie looked at the draw in confusion until she realised what had happened.
“You are a soul snatcher,” she whispered fearfully. She took a step back from him as he placed the drawer atop the desk.
“Do not be frightened,” he said taking a step towards Annie. She stumbled back against the desk and tried to move away.
“Adam, I think it best if I leave,” she said trying to hide the fear in her voice.
“Annie, you do not understand.” He panicked and decided to tell her about Baden.
“How do you know my name?” She asked feeling terrified. Maybe he worked for Oliver?
Before she had her answer she ran for the door. Her side was screaming at her to slow down but her survival instinct was urging her to move faster. She knew there was no way she would make it but she had to try. She broke into a sprint when she reached the door even though she couldn’t see. She wasn’t sure how she had made it that far. The dark was frightening and everything in her told her to slow down but she couldn’t. If she made it outside then Martha and Everard could help. Stuck inside where they were not invited was the wrong place to be. She was running into everything as she made her way through the dark rooms then suddenly she ran into someone who immediately grabbed hold of her.
Her scream was piercing as it echoed through the empty house and she knew her time was up. Her heart beat fast and her lungs burned and this is where she would meet her end. Before she could sob like she wanted to the smell of honey drifted to her and she felt around, feeling the person who was holding her.
“Annie,” Jory’s soft voice caressed her heart. “What are you doing?” He asked confused. She collapsed into his chest and cried with relief.
“There is a snatcher in here,” she said through the tears. He grabbed her hand and started to lead her out of the house. “Wait,” she said pulling against his momentum. He paused and looked at her in confusion. It was very difficult for her to see.
“What is it?” He asked trying to feel if there was something else in the room.
“The journal,” she said feeling ridiculous.
“Annie, how can you ask that?” He said completely shocked. She hesitated a moment and tried to think logically.
They could go back for the journal that might not even be there and risk both of their lives for nothing or they could leave never knowing or possibly leaving the only answer to finding Baden and releasing him behind.
“How is he that important?” Jory asked but he thought about what he would do in the same situation and if he had a chance to save Annie, would he take it? The obvious answer would be, yes, he would risk it all.
“Please,” she asked and for a long moment there was silence.
“Fine,” he gave in. Hand in hand she led them back to the library as quickly as she could, apologising when she ran them into furniture.
The light was still on in the library so they ran to the desk and she searched through the draw that Adam had broken into. Jory came over and stood next to her, keeping an eye on the whole room. When she had rummaged through the whole draw and didn’t come across it she couldn’t believe it. She had been sure it would be in there.
“Blast,” she muttered under her breath looking around the room.
“Where is it?” Jory asked looking around the room to see if he could detect anything close by. She looked into the now emptied draw to the bottom.
“Just a moment,” she said when she saw a latch toward the back. She pulled at it and it gave way revealing a secret compartment. With a small smile and trying not to get her hopes up she pulled the false bottom away and there sat the journal. She held it up in victory to Jory.
“That is marvellous, now we can leave,” he said pushing the bottom back in place and shoving the contents of the draw back in. He slammed it back into its place in the desk and grabbed Annie’s hand. They made their way back through the house as quickly as they could and ran towards the gates. The run was a bit uncoordinated as they were still holding hands in their frantic race, and Annie was rather sore, but eventually they made it to the relative safety of their companions.
“Did you find it?” Martha asked as Jory hurriedly mounted the horse and pulled Annie up. Everard did the same seeing their urgency and pulled Martha up, keeping his senses heightened ready for a fight. Jory kicked the horse into a run and Annie wrapped her arms tight around him looking back to Martha.
“Yes,” she yelled with a smile and turned to face forward. Everard was soon after them and was riding beside them in no time.
“Why the rush?” Everard asked Jory.
“Apparently Annie ran into a snatcher in the house,” he said letting his face show his utter disbelief.
“If we likened you to a flame, Miss Belle then surely snatchers would be the moths as you are surrounded by them,” Everard Joked as they made their way back to the Manor.
Annie laughed in earnest joy for soon she would be with Baden. She just knew it.

CHAPTER 17:

Adam followed the foursome back to their manor making sure he stayed far enough back so they would not detect his presence. When he saw where they were residing he made his way to Baden. He was proud of the work he had done, he was excited to unveil that he had accomplished what he had been sent to do. The whole way to the secluded house he had a smile on his face.
Baden and Stewart were at the door waiting for him as usual. It was very early in the morning and they hadn’t been expecting him which could mean he had an update. He came in and they closed the door behind him.
“What news do you have?” Baden asked anxiously. Adam stood there with a wise smile on his face. He wiggled his eyebrows as if to say, what a doozy.
“What do you have, boy?” Stewart prompted Adam.
“I have found her,” he said so quickly anyone else would have missed it. Baden’s mouth dropped and he looked to Stewart as if he couldn’t believe it. Stewart gave his friend a slap on the back and they brought their attention back to Adam.
“Where is she?” Baden asked with a smile.
“Well,” Adam paused trying to think where to start. “I found her at Eli’s manor, just now.” Baden’s brow furrowed trying to understand. He looked outside trying to gauge the time then back to Adam.
“Did you not say Eli had left for a week?” Baden asked.
“Yes, I did,” Adam answered.
“Just spit it out Adam,” Stewart demanded not being able to take the suspense.
“She was there looking through his desk draws,” he explained suddenly seeming just as confused as them.
“By herself?” Baden asked folding his arms.
“No, she was with that fellow she rode off with the other day and the other two snatchers,” he said. “I followed them and they went to old Miss Danes’ manor so I am assuming that the woman I saw her with is Martha Danes.” Adam only knew of Miss Danes because when he was still human the lady he worked for furiously gossiped about Miss Danes and her strange ways.
“That is not such a bad outcome,” Stewart said to Baden. “It seems that she cares for Annie.”
“It would make sense that Eli would not be pleased with Annie residing with anyone other than him, especially snatchers,” he thought aloud. He looked back to Adam. “There was another snatcher, did you recognise who it was?”
“No, though he rode with Miss Danes,” he said giving over the information enthusiastically.
“And this other man?” Baden asked feeling the jealousy rise in him again.
“He rode with Annie. He seems to be quite protective of her I would say,” Adam said not seeing the harm in saying so. “He came to her aid quickly not knowing what sort of danger he would face. Quite brave really. There is something about him I cannot quite put my finger on.” Stewart glanced at Baden then back at Adam.
“As long as she is safe,” Stewart said trying to change the subject. He turned to Baden to find out what needed to be done now. “Would you like him to bring her here?”
Baden came out of his trance like stare then looked over at Stewart.
“Uh…” He paused looking between the two of them. “In the morning. Go to them in the morning and tell them that you know where I am and I instructed you to bring them to me.”
“What if they doubt me? They might kill me!” Adam said panicked.
“Just a moment,” Baden said and he was gone before they could say anything and in just a moment he was back with a piece of folded paper. He handed it to Adam and he took it. “Keep that safe and give it to Annie. She will know it is from me.” Adam carefully placed it into his breast pocket as if it was a priceless object.
“Go there in the morning?” Adam reiterated. Baden nodded and then Adam started towards the door.
“Good work, Adam,” Stewart commended. Adam gave him a respectful nod and was soon gone, leaving the two men alone.
“Well, that is that then. Annie is safe and will be here tomorrow,” Stewart said avoiding the thing he knew would be lingering in Baden’s thoughts. Baden slipped his hands into his pockets and sauntered towards his room. “Baden,” Stewart called but was ignored. He followed him into the room not caring that he was being completely ignored.
But Baden surprised him this time by speaking before Stewart had to ask again.
“I know what you are going to say and before you have to harass it out of me I will admit it. I am jealous. Yes, this mysterious man is a threat to me and I do not want him to be near Annie,” Baden admitted as he fell into his usual chair. Stewart was surprised at the admission.
“Well, yes,” Stewart said not knowing what to say.
“But that is the selfish part of me speaking,” Baden continued glancing off as nothing in particular. “I should be relieved and grateful that there is someone out there who values her more than his own life. To some degree I am…relieved” He looked over to Stewart now. “But that does not take away the torment that he is with her and I am not. That brings me to what I am about to say.”
“And what is that?” Stewart asked not sure if he was going to like what he was about to hear.
“I need your help,” Baden said fighting against himself.
“I think I can guess what you are about to say.” Stewart knew that this was going to end horribly. “Are you sure?” Baden looked at him for a moment before he answered.
“As sure as I am of my love for her.” And he meant it with everything in him.

CHAPTER 18:

Before dawn Martha and Everard woke Annie and Jory. They all readied and packed everything they needed into the carriage. Then they left just as the sun was peaking over the horizon. The trip would take around two days, depending on weather and terrain conditions. If they had all been snatchers then it would take little to no time to run there but it wasn’t the case so they had to go slowly. Because of the time it would take and human necessities they would need to stop along the way. Everard already knew the choice of taverns along the route and had picked the safest one to stop at, one with a fine reputation.
Annie and Jory rode in the carriage whereas Martha and Everard rode atop so they could spot any danger. It was best to keep Annie out of sight anyway. The carriage was rather nice on the inside, with red velvet cushioned seats and sophisticated trimmings. The outside had been specifically made to look run down and dilapidated to discourage unwanted attention from the wrong crowds. The difference was almost startling but understandable. Soon enough Annie and Jory settled in, their long journey had just begun.

That morning Adam ran up to Miss Danes Manor. He knocked at the door a few times and when there was no answer he walked around the whole perimeter peering into windows and trying to see if they were there. He ran to the barn and looked around, a few stalls were empty of horses and there seemed to be no carriage. He followed the carriage tracks that led out of the barn until they meshed with all the other tracks on the dirt road and gave up. Not knowing what to do he ran to Baden and Stewart, surely they would know what to do.
He ran straight into the house and they were there ready to meet him. After letting him in they closed the door, standing in the hallway instead of moving to a room.
“Where is Annie?” Baden asked trying to fend off his rising fear.
“Miss Danes’ manor was empty and the carriage was gone. I think they have travelled somewhere,” Adam said hoping they would have an idea for him.
“Do you have any clue as to where they may have gone?” Stewart asked not having any inkling as to their whereabouts.
“Their trail lead off away from the markets,” Adam informed. “The carriage tracks led to the road that travellers use to leave this place on a journey.”
Baden tried to hide his frustration, what was with all the puzzles and mysteries? He looked around to try and regain himself.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door and the men looked at each other. Baden pointed for Adam to run into the back room like he had when Eli had been there. After Adam was out of sight Stewart and Baden went to answer the door. To Baden’s dismay Taru stood at the door with her crazy, crooked smile.
“What do you want?” Baden asked impatiently.
“I know where your love has gone,” she sung the words in a merry tune. Baden stood straighter and pierced her with his eyes.
“What have you done?” He growled the words infuriated that he couldn’t do anything to harm Taru.
“Calm down you mongrel,” she said angrily, snapping from her happy mood. “You are in no position to do anything at the present time.” Stewart put a hand on Baden’s shoulder to try and calm him.
“Please, Taru. Are you able to tell us of where they went?” Stewart asked respectfully. A smile came across Taru’s face after being placated by his tone.
“I am aware of their intended destination but I do not feel at liberty to say,” she said looking past them both. “You may come out young man,” she called to Adam who she knew had been there the whole time.
Stewart and Baden looked at each other then turned to see Adam creep out from the back room. He was frightened and wished that he could disappear as he slinked forward.
“Why are you here?” Baden asked trying to stay calm. Without looking back he held an outstretched arm to stop Adam from coming any further. Adam stood behind the men like a shy child using their parents as a shield.
“You are heartless, Baden. Using an innocent young man to do your deeds,” Taru said indignantly. “Anyone would think you intended to wed this Annie.” A sly smile slipped across her face. “Just a moment, I believe you are intending that. If the wedding dress she picked up from Antoinette is any indication.”
“How do you know of that?” Baden said stepping forward but being blocked by the invisible barrier.
“Why, I met the lovely young woman as she just so happened to be retrieving the package you ordered.” She was content with the anger she was stirring in Baden. “I must say she does have a plethora of male attention. A young man by the name of, what was it…” She feigned ignorance for effect. “Oh, that is it; Jory! He seems to be ensnared by her beauty. Do you agree young man?” She asked directing the question at Adam but kept her eyes on Baden. Stewart looked back at Adam who looked at him in question, not knowing what to do.
“Adam has mentioned the presence of a man in Annie’s life,” Stewart answered for him. “However, he does not know the man’s name.”
“Well, I can guarantee that he is not the only one who is after such a treasure that you have gained the loyalty of,” Taru said it as if Baden didn’t deserve such a privilege. “Whilst she is searching for you others are searching for her. One whom you may know…I believe he goes by the name, Oliver?”
“Oliver?” Baden’s face dropped at the name.
“Yes. Your old adversary seems to have taken it upon himself to bring about what he believes is justice. He sees Annie as a fair trade for the reputation you stole from him,” she informed as if she couldn’t care less what happened in all of it. Baden’s hand went to his forehead and the stress was evident on his face.
“Oliver?” Stewart said the name trying to place it. “Is that Oliver Praston?” He asked but Baden was too distraught to answer.
“Yes, Stewart.” Taru spoke to him more calmly than she did to Baden. “That is the chap.”
Stewart looked to Baden then back to Taru to try and think of a solution. He had heard of Oliver before and what he heard wasn’t very encouraging, especially if he had his sights on Annie. Suddenly Taru burst into laughter and it made the three men jump with surprise.
“Is there any other way out of here?” Baden asked desperately dropping his arms to his side in defeat. It felt like he needed this more than anything else he had ever needed in his whole existence. Taru lost the smile off her face instantly and looked at Baden with something akin to hatred.
“I may be able to find a way out of this trap for you,” she said menacingly. “What will I gain from this?”
“What is it that you want?” Baden asked willing to give almost anything. Placing her hand to her mouth as if she were excited by something she stood there thinking for a moment.
“I am not sure of what I would like just yet,” she said looking at Stewart meaningfully, as if he might be one of her choices. “But when the time comes I will know.”
“I will not give you her,” Baden warned.
“As I said, I am not sure of what I will ask for, Baden,” she sniped. Baden looked to Stewart to try and gain an answer as to what he should do but he just shrugged his shoulders, having no idea what to say.
“Just see if you can find another way and we will discuss it then,” Baden said brushing her off.
“Very well. I will see you both again,” she said with one last look at Stewart. As she left she glanced at the same tree she had looked at last time and Baden noticed it again.
“That creature is completely insane,” he whispered to Stewart.
“Well, that creature is what you are about to make a deal with,” Stewart added as he closed the door. They both looked back to Adam who stood there more frightened than he ever had been in his life.
“Have you ever seen or met that snatcher before now?” Stewart asked Adam. He shook his head vehemently, too scared to speak.
“Adam, there is just one last thing we need you to do,” Baden said. He didn’t seem to have a problem with asking much more than he deserved of someone else. “Get the letter to Annie as soon as she returns then bring her here. That is it.”
“No more after that?” He clarified not really believing it could be that simple.
“No more,” Baden guaranteed. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to help it was just that he seemed to be getting into much more danger than he used to when it was just Stewart around. After a small nod from Adam to accept the new deal he was out the door and on his way to wait for Annie to return. Stewart and Baden were left alone again.
“What an interesting life you lead,” Stewart said trying to lighten the mood but not quiet achieving it.
“What a burdensome life I lead,” Baden said before he disappeared into his room. Both of them had the feeling that this wasn’t going to turn out exactly as they had planned. The only question was, who was going to pay the price?

CHAPTER 19:

After two, lengthy days of travelling and a few sore limbs later they made it to the institution and what an establishment it was. It was larger than any structure Annie had ever seen. It was as large as five manors combine and the design was elegant and sophisticated. It had large strong, taupe and grey stones that made up the walls with simple wooden doors as the entrance. The glass windows were unadorned with one simple pane of glass making the barrier between the outside and in. There were a few towers that rose from the structure making it resemble a castle but not quite.
It was surrounded in by high walls that rose to far over the height of the structure, encompassed by a generous courtyard. The courtyard was not tiled with coble stone but rather was just left with light coloured, dusty dirt. The protective walls were covered in green vines and the building was surrounded by a large forest that would be easy to get lost in if you didn’t know your way around. The trees surrounding it were as tall as the tallest spire and it was very secluded and well hidden.
The carriage had been left at the last town in a stable and they had ridden on horseback the rest of the way until they reached the entrance just now. It had gotten a bit tricky the last little bit because the forest had become so dense that the horses had trouble with manoeuvring.
The heavy, iron protective gates that sat as part of the defensive wall were solid instead of barred so there was no way to just peer in to the establishment unless you wanted to climb the tallest tree nearby. They were guarded by some menacing looking soul snatchers dressed in what looked to be leather armour. Being a snatcher probably meant that a full suit of armour was unnecessary, considering they already had an advantage of strength, speed and what not. They gave Annie more than one glance but they let them past easy enough. The mighty gates opened with a low groan and kicked up dust on their way open but it settled soon enough.
Annie was glad she was dressed in her leather tights, shirt and vest. Hair braided back and out of her way. It made her feel like she was prepared for any event, though she knew she didn’t stand a chance if she had to run or fight a snatcher but still, you had to take what you could get. As usual Martha was dressed to perfection in a lovely lilac dress and Everard in a flawless suit. Most men complained about how uncomfortable suits were but Everard seemed to enjoy them quite a bit. Jory was matching Annie in style with simple dark pants and an ivory shirt, it made her feel more at home.
Their horses were taken from them without a word by two unassuming looking young men as soon the large doors to the complex were closed. Annie noticed that Jory stayed close to her at all times and that everyone they passed took a good long look at her before their necks wouldn’t allow them to turn any further. The courtyard was relatively lively with a mix of different people. Some were dressed over the top in decorative dinner clothes then to the other extreme there were people who were dressed like her, casual and inconspicuous. The whole place seemed to scream, come as you are because we’ll take any and every type of snatcher there is.
“Do not fret,” Martha whispered in her ear, giving her hand a reassuring touch. “There will not be a time when you are left alone,” she assured her friend.
“Is there a need for concern?” Annie asked as she edged closer to Jory whilst keeping her eyes on the intrigued audience that stopped talking as soon as she was near and began again as soon as she had passed. 
“Not at all,” Everard interjected. “However there are many snatchers here and it is better to be safe than sorry.”
“Everard,” Jory said looking at him meaningfully. “That was not the way to alleviate her fears.” Everard gave an innocent look as if to ask what he had done wrong and Jory just rolled his eyes at his brother. “As long as you are with me you will be fine,” Jory promised her.
“But you are human also,” Annie said looking up to him. He gave a quick glance to Everard that said something she couldn’t quite interpret then looked back to her. “I am well known here and there is not one snatcher here that would dare cross you when I am near.” Though Annie wasn’t sure why he was so confident his words sounded nothing but true and she believed him without any evidence to prove him right.
They made their way around the building rather than going inside through the front entry. There felt like hundreds of snatchers making their way every which way through the court yard, it was more crowded than the Sunday markets.
Eventually the small group of four made their way to the other side of the building, which took longer than Annie had expected, and went through a door that looked like it should only be used by someone of importance. It was made of dark wood and had intricately beautiful carvings covering the entire surface. They walked through and it brought them to a room that was the opposite of the humble exterior. It was embellished with every over decorated décor you could think of and more. Rich royal red and blues were throughout the room with heavy gold lining most of the furniture and walls. The fireplace was so huge it took up most of one wall and had an intricate gold carving, matching the door they had come through.
All four of them moved quietly and stood in a line facing the other end of the room where another door stood. There was a large desk behind them with a throne-like seat sitting behind it. Jory and Everard were standing at either end of the line with the women standing between them as if they were being protected.
“What is this room?” Annie asked looking around in wonder.
“This is the private room of the soul snatcher that established this institution,” Everard answered. “He is very much respected here and has been in existence for centuries.”
“Something just occurred to me, Everard,” Annie said looking past Martha over to him. She had suddenly recalled the conversation she had with Jory in the markets. “Jory said that you were allowed entry here because of a certain snatcher and you seem to be quite established here. However, you have only recently been changed to a snatcher. How is that so? How did you even know about snatchers in the first place?”
Everard looked at her speechless and glanced from Martha to Jory repeatedly. He looked completely lost for words but it seemed like a straight forward question and Annie had no idea why he struggled with it. Before there was time to answer the door was opened and the snatcher that came in commanded the attention of everyone in the room.
“Everard,” the man declared as he threw his arms out and came towards Everard. They embraced as long parted friends.
The man was tall, dark and typically handsome but there was something that Annie found uncomfortable about him, she just wasn’t sure what. His features sat perfectly on his face…almost too perfect and though he looked to be in his thirties there was an ancient air about him. His eyes were so dark they were almost black and his chestnut hair was long past his shoulders and tied back at the nape of his neck. His skin was creamy and flawless and when he smiled it seemed like you were looking at a dream. He gave Annie an eerie feeling that she couldn’t shake. The way he dressed alone was strange enough, it looked like he hadn’t moved past the last century. His tights and tunic were royal blue with an abundance of ivory frill coming out from the chest but he was actually wearing what looked to be a cape. Yes, the more she looked at it the more it looked like a black cape that fell to the ground.
“Amaury,” Everard said his friend’s name happily and they shared a generous smile between them before he turned to Martha to give a quick kiss on either cheek. Soon he turned his attention to the rest of the room but mainly to Annie.
“Let me introduce you to the newest member of the family,” Everard offered. The word family warmed Annie’s heart and she had to stop herself from tearing up at the affectionate term. “Amaury Derring, this is Miss Annie Belle.”
Amaury’s gaze was intense as he slowly made his way towards Annie. She felt a little fearful but tried her hardest not to show it. He took her hand gracefully and bent down, giving it a delicate kiss. He kept hold of her hand in his and she felt like ripping it away from him.
“Annie Belle, what an exquisite name for such an exquisite beauty,” he complimented and she forced a smile as best she could. “The tales of you do not give you justice.”
“Tales?” Annie asked confused for a moment in her concealed disgust of this snatcher.
“Yes. You are very intriguing to us soul snatchers as you dare to tame Baden. We are almost fearless creatures until it comes to that of the likes of him,” Amaury said slightly in awe. “We assumed only an appealing creature had caught his eye but that seems to have proven to be an understatement.” Annie didn’t like the way he appeared to be coveting her and she took a slight step back, stopping when she bumped into Jory who had moved closer.
“Well I do not find Baden quite as intimidating as others seem to,” she said politely reclaiming her hand. Amaury burst into laughter and the room joined him but there was a tension that everyone seemed to be feeling.
Though Amaury was well spoken and eloquently graceful and everything he did there was an underlying uncouthness about him.
“Tell me, Everard. To what do we owe the pleasure of your company?” Amaury asked looking at Everard but somehow still noticing Annie.
“We are in a predicament,” he started but was interrupted.
“Yes, word has come to me of Baden’s situation,” Amaury said looking back to Annie. “And I am assuming that his current state does not suit some.”
“We have come to see if we are able to make use of your more than adequate resources,” Everard interjected and brought Amaury’s attention back to him.
“Of course, Everard. Feel free to go anywhere you see fit on the grounds. Please, stay as long as you desire and by all means you must stay in the chambers closest to mine,” Amaury insisted without saying he did. “And we must have a celebration for your return!” This surprised everyone and they remained silent. Annie was starting to see that this snatcher apparently loved himself sick and loved being quite dramatic.
“Of course,” Everard accepted seeing that there wasn’t really a choice. “Would it be too much to ask for us to have a chamber that can house the four of us together?” Amaury turned to Jory as if just realising he was there. He gave Jory a once over and covered the look of dissatisfaction he seemed to have that Jory was standing so close to Annie.
“Very well, you know the grounds well Everard, take the largest room closest to my chambers,” Amaury instructed. “Now, go settle in. Attire will be brought to your room for the night’s festivities.”
“Thank you,” Everard said and started for the door. Martha, Annie and Jory followed silently and they made their way through the hallways.
There seemed to be endless upon endless hallways lined with art from every century that ever was. The narrow hallways were lined with a red running carpet that looked to stretch on forever before it turned the corners up ahead. She thought to herself that it would be best for her to make sure she was never left alone there or she would get lost.
As they passed people in the halls they again just stared at Annie and she was realising she was just going to have to accept that everyone was going to stare at her whether she liked it or not so she tried to tune it out as best she could.
Finally they arrived at their room and when they were all inside Everard shut the door and locked it. The locks were not entirely snatcher-proof however they were better than ordinary locks. Amaury had a team trying to develop not only a lock but whole doors, windows and even walls that would hinder a snatcher or tracker from forcing their way into someone’s room without permission. Just because it was an institution of adults didn’t mean that everyone respected everyone’s privacy as they should.
The current locks did allow a certain amount of protection in that, it may not have been unbreakable to snatchers but it was quite difficult for snatchers to break through it. Amaury was confident that the institution would have impenetrable doors soon enough and therefore more privacy for everyone. His belief was, if humans could have that type of privacy amongst themselves then certainly snatchers deserved the same.
The room itself was ridiculously huge and much like the other they had just come out of. In fact the whole interior they had passed through gave the impression of pomp and wealth, with art on every inch of the walls, expensive carpets and furniture wherever there was an excuse to have furniture. Annie didn’t like it at all. At least the colour scheme in this room was ivory and earthy, pink tones, making the background bearable for the eyes.
When Annie looked at the furniture it all seemed to be one colour from a distance but up close there was a subtle floral pattern to it. The two dressers in the room were plain designs from dark wood and the mirrors in the room were lined with just a basic dark frame to match. The only huge splash of colour was the dressing partition, which was a plush pink. The whole room was rather feminine. Though Annie didn’t have much time to take in the whole décor of the room before panic seem to set in.
“What was that?” Jory whispered furiously to Everard who tried to calm him by raising his hands to advise Jory to lower his voice. Annie looked around the room to check if she had missed something.
“You do not know who is listening,” Everard warned which received an eye roll from Jory.
“What is going on?” Annie whispered as quietly as she could.
“Look, everyone stop panicking!” Everard demanded in a shouted whisper. When everyone showed they would obey him he stood a little straighter and righted his jacket by tugging at the bottom ends. “Amaury is always like that with anything that is new and fascinating.”
“Well I do not like it,” Jory whispered but stopped before he said whatever else he was going to after a warning look from his brother.
“Well, let us find what we need then leave as soon as we can,” Everard decided.
“What is going on?” Annie asked again and everyone looked at her.
“Darling…” Martha stepped over to her and put an arm around her shoulders. “Amaury enjoys having the attention squarely on him,” Martha started to explain making sure she whispered. “And to have someone like you here tends to draw the attention away from him. His method to rectify this will be to…” She struggled to find how best to say it.
“He will be paying close attention to you,” Jory whispered and by the look on his face he loathed the idea.
“Do not fret,” Everard jumped in, still whispering. “He would never do anything to harm you. He would never provoke Baden, even if he is currently confined. He has held an intense fear of him ever since word had spread of his deeds.”
Annie wasn’t sure what was worse, there was now another strange creature infatuated with her or the reason why she was safe from that strange creature was because Baden was such a nightmare to a whole species.
“Well, this will prove to be an eventful trip,” she said on a sigh. There was a knock at the door but Annie was the only one who jumped with surprise.
“That will be the attire for tonight,” Martha said going to the door to answer it. Martha and Everard stepped outside the room, closing the door behind them.
Jory walked over to Annie and gave her one of his comforting hugs. One of his special embraces, where he would wrap his arms around her head with playful care.
“I will be by your side every step of the way in this place,” he whispered in her ear. “And we even get to be bed partners here.” He turned her towards the only bed in the room.
It was huge and overstuffed, covered in a ridiculous amount of pillows and tassels. There were large dark wooden spires on all four corners that reached towards the ceiling and held a draped white veiled curtain. The linen was ivory with gold trimming and it looked rather beautiful…apart from the pomp.
“Where will Martha and Everard stay?” Her voice was muffled as her mouth was covered by one of his arms as she peaked over his shoulder towards the bed.
“Silly, they do not need to sleep,” he reminded, finding her endearing. “They will only be in here when we need to talk in private.”
Before Annie could respond they heard the door shut and both looked over, still wrapped in each other’s arms as Martha and Everard walked towards them carrying suits and gowns.
“It looks to me that this is going to be a rather extravagant event,” Martha said inspecting the attire.
“Oh joy,” Annie droned sarcastically not even trying to hide her exhaustion from the travelling and worry.
“Every step of the way,” Jory whispered in her ear again and it brought a smile to her face. With a small smile between them they broke apart and went over to look at what they would be wearing.
Soon Annie would be facing a crowd of soul snatchers who wanted to do nothing except for stare at her as if she were a strange insect. How thrilling the night would be.

CHAPTER 20:

Annie’s dress was made of the finest, most expensive material and somehow it fit her perfectly. The dress was raven black which wasn’t very desirable in her opinion but it looked striking against her milky skin. This design was very different to any dress she had ever worn.
It was tight around her torso and flared out at her waist into a full skirt. The bust was tight and lifted her chest more than she thought was appropriate. It was accompanied by a neckline that was far too low cut for her liking and dipped ever so slightly in the middle of her bust. There were no sleaves at all, the material just cut off at her shoulders leaving her arms exposed. The strangest part of it was that the neck of the dress rose at the back into a stiff collar that pointed out at the side of her head. The collar sat to the height of the bottom of her ears which forced her to have one certain hairstyle. Her tresses were piled high atop her head and fell wispily every which way.
“This dress is ridiculous,” Jory declared angrily when Annie stepped out in the dress.
“There is nothing we are able to do,” Everard said. “It would be an insult to wear anything else.”
“Everard,” Jory tried to argue.
“Jory,” he shot right back not wanting to hear it.
“Look at Annie’s dress compared to Martha’s,” Jory pushed the point.
Indeed their style was the same, the tight bodice and bouffant skirt but the neck line, though still low, was rather modest on Martha’s dress compared to Annie’s. And Martha’s didn’t have a collar at all that accentuated her neck like Annie’s did. Jory could tell Martha sided with him but she was decidedly not saying anything. When he saw there was no use he threw his hands in the air and gave up.
“At least my shoes are comfortable,” Annie said trying to think of one positive thing in it all. Jory gave her an exasperated look and she quieted immediately.
“We must go or we will be late,” Everard directed walking to the door. His and Jory’s suit were the same as each other but simpler in style compared to what was in style amongst human social circles. They both looked handsome but Jory’s particularly broad build was quite flattering in the jacket.
Jory walked over to Annie and wrapped his arm possessively around her waist. Annie didn’t mind as long as it kept everyone away from her. Everard rolled his eyes and left in a huff with Martha looking torn before taking off after him. Silently Jory and Annie followed.
The winding hallways lined with the red carpet were so numerous that Annie had no idea where they had come from or where they were going. It all felt like a maze and the only reason she knew they were walking in different hallways was because there were distinctly different paintings on the walls. One hallway had nothing but terrible, bloody war scenes and others had images of love. Another had peaceful scenery whilst the next had fearsome pictures of devils. Of course there was also the sporadic divan every now and then to differentiate the way.
Finally they made it to large wooden doors painted white that were overly decorated with carvings. Annie assumed they were the doors to where they needed to be. The doors were opened by someone standing behind them to an extremely large ballroom with huge, glass gothic chandeliers. It seemed every wall was lined with tall candelabras and the yellow candle light cast a shadowy feeling over the crowd. That and the fact that every snatcher stood there deathly silent just staring at them. You could hear their rowdiness before the doors were opened and it was as if the whole scene had just transformed in a moment to a frozen picture. Annie was glad she was tucked away, standing behind Martha and Everard. There had to be at least four hundred in the room and Annie was guessing that that wasn’t even how many snatchers were housed within the walls. There was not one table or chair in sight and everyone just stood there, haunting her.
Jory squeezed around her waist but she felt no comfort, she knew they were all waiting for her and all she wanted to do was run. Before she could force herself to move Amaury made his way through the crowd and moved towards them. She didn’t know what was worse, the stares of hundreds or just his. As Amaury approached, his grin swiftly turned into a glare when he saw Jory’s arm around her then he melted it back into his fake smile and she decided his stare alone was worse.
“Come,” Amaury welcomed them opening his arms in a gesture that was meant to feel hospitable but didn’t quite accomplish it. His overdressed suit, with every accessory known to man, also made him intolerable to look at.
Annie felt sick, everything inside her felt so alone and vulnerable in this place. She had never wished to be with Baden more in her life than she did now. If he were with her they would all be too afraid to even look at her. Martha and Everard stepped aside following Amaury and it left Annie and Jory exposed to the intense glare of the crowd. As they walked past everyone the look on every man’s face was one of appreciation and every woman’s face said, what is the big deal?
Annie felt inadequate, she was meant to be this legend that had not only survived an encounter with the Baden but had also gained his love.
Suddenly the orchestra that she didn’t realise was there struck up their chords and she jumped a little. The crowd seemed to take that as their queue and broke into their chatter, though all she heard were words that revolved around her. The crowd closed in around them as they decided to step onto what must have been the dance floor and Jory pulled her away from the now dancing bodies.
“Well, that went well,” Jory said sarcastically as he scanned the crowd. Annie let out a breathless laugh that was bordering hysteria but kept herself in check thanks to Jory’s arm around her.
“At least they are not all staring at me any longer,” she commented quietly to herself but he still heard it.
“Jory!” A squealing voice called his name before a young woman appeared through the throng of people.
Jory’s face showed the surprise and aversion he felt toward the bearer of the voice. The woman was tall, blonde and had an unearthly look to her, though she was still quite attractive in a different way. Her dress was usual for the fashion, which Annie thought was odd. The colour was yellow and stood out compared to Annie’s black dress. In fact most every woman was wearing a colourful, typical dress compared to Annie’s and suddenly she felt out of place all over again.
The woman wrapped her arms around Jory’s neck but he didn’t reciprocate the action. Instead he kept his arm around Annie which brought her into the awkward embrace that didn’t end soon enough in Annie’s opinion. Out of nowhere there were two shorter girls next to the stranger, in their own bright dresses, as if she was the queen bee and they were her worker bees. All at the same time they looked at Annie as if she was emitting a foul odour.
“Acacia Tellen,” Jory said stepping Annie and himself away from her as best he could in the crowded space. In unison the girls looked back to him as if he had just sung them a love sonnet. “I am sure you have heard of Miss Belle,” he introduced with a grin of victory on his face. “Better known as, Annie.” He looked to Annie as if he had never had a prouder moment in his life than introducing her to these women who he obviously did not enjoy the company of.
Acacia started to reach her hand toward Annie, not as if to shake hands but as if she were going to prod her like an insect. Without looking Jory grabbed her wrist and twisted it just a little. The minions jumped from the surprise of it.
“Touch her,” he paused and turned his gaze towards her. “And you will not even be alive to regret it.” Jory had never frightened Annie before but the look on his face and the tone of his voice sent a chill down her.
How could he be so thoughtless as to threaten a snatcher when he was just a human? Acacia looked at him distraught at his words and she stole her hand back from him. She stepped closer to him then turned a menacing look to Annie.
“Better stay close to this one,” Acacia advised Jory. “I have heard many a desire to taste such a prize.” The words were said as a warning but meant as a threat. She looked back to Jory with a smile as if they all had not just had an awkward moment. “We shall dance later,” she declared then she disappeared into the crowd with her followers.
“Who was that?” Annie asked as she vainly tried to spot her through the crowd.
“Just one that cannot take no as an answer,” he said but did not elaborate. “Come, get something to eat.”
“There is food here?” Annie asked as he started to lead her through the crowd keeping his arm around her. Everyone took their glance as they walked past.
“Yes, especially made for the only two who devour it,” he said with a smile. They came to a diffuse of bodies to reveal a table covered from edge to edge with every food you could think of. All set out on silver platters with a perfect white table cloth underneath.
“This is for two people?” She asked looking at the abundance food. Jory laughed at her expression and she smiled for the first time in what felt like so long.
“They go all out here,” he said and she felt she missed part of the meaning. “They can eat if they want but when it is not a requirement of survival it gets tedious after a while…or so I am told.”
“Well, I am not hungry in the slightest,” she professed and they turned to each other before bursting into laughter.
“Annie,” Amaury’s voice cut through the fun and she felt like she was almost choking on death itself when he was near. Jory’s face went blank as he tried to hold back his anger. They turned to see Amaury had joined them. “My dear, we must dance.” Though it was a question she didn’t feel like she had the luxury of refusing. Jory’s grip around her turned vice-like and her heart started racing in fear.
“I…I am not…I mean,” she stuttered trying to find a polite way to decline but falling short. Before they could think of what to do Amaury took her hand and gently pulled her out of Jory’s protective hold.
“I am sure your friend will be here when we are done,” Amaury said with a sinister smile. She figured refusing would be rude and would cause more trouble than what it was worth. After all, what could happen in one dance?
Before Jory could mouth off Annie gave him a warning look and he backed down knowing it might result in her getting hurt.
“I certainly will be,” Jory said through a forced smile. Amaury whisked Annie onto the dance floor and the crowd dispersed as if in fear. No time to think of her nerves now as she was about to dance with a handsomely, devilish creature.

CHAPTER 21:

The music struck up a haunting tune that made Annie feel as if she were floating on the river of death heading straight for nowhere and blackness. Amaury pulled her close against him and held her in a perfect dance position. She hated the crowd’s eyes on her but she could tell he loved it, drank it up as if he thought it tasted better than blood.
“My dear,” Amaury said in his chilling way. “Tell me of your secrets.” She had been searching the edge of the crowd and sure enough she saw Jory standing on the edge being restrained by Martha and Everard. Annie knew most everyone would be able to hear what they were saying and felt awkward and uncomfortable because of it. “They cannot hear.”
“Pardon?” She asked looking back to him, a little fearful that he had read her so easily. She tried to create distance between them but he refused to allow her to.
“If you are wary to speak, do not be,” he assured. “I chose this song so we could have privacy. You see it is played in such a way as to prohibit the creatures in the room from using their abilities to hear as well as they could. They cannot hear over it. More so, they cannot hear through it,” he explained. “The only one who could is tucked far away in a location unknown by many.” From his words Annie knew he was referring to Baden and it made her angry.
“Do you know where he is?” She asked, her fear being replaced with anger. He looked intently at her face as if to memorise it.
“How can I give an answer when you have not even considered answering my question?” He asked as if it were only fair. She furrowed her brow trying to remember his question.
“My secrets?” She asked recalling it and he simply nodded. “I have no secrets.”
“Oh but Annie there is one substantial secret standing guard of you as we dance,” he reminded and moved her subtly so she could see Jory for only a moment.
“Jory? He is not a secret,” she said confused.
“I suppose it is rather obvious therefore conveniently keeps it out of the category of ‘secret’,” Amaury reasoned dropping the question as easily as he had raised it. He had gained the answer he wanted without Annie even realising.
“What is this establishment designed to do?” Annie asked feeling there was more than meets the eye when it came to everything she knew. It felt like she had to try and trap him into telling her about Baden so he had to not suspect it was coming. Distraction was her intended tactic.
“It is merely a safe house for so many wrongly persecuted creatures,” he answered trying to look pained or maybe he actually was? “Trackers are such vulgar nuisances. You should be aware of that,” he prodded.
“Why should I?” She asked trying to avoid having to look directly into his eyes but finding it hard not to. They were almost mesmerising and it irritated her. It also annoyed her that he was ridiculously handsome because he knew it.
“Why, everyone knows the first part of the story. So torn between the infamous Brighton brothers,” he said dramatically as if trying to share a burden he thought she had.
“Torn?” Annie almost laughed at the word. “I believe the stories have been muddled along the way. I have only ever loved Baden,” she declared proudly. Amaury moved them gracefully to the music and even though she was quite a horrendous dancer he made her look like a talent. The smile that came over his face made her feel rather sick.
“Well, that is something I was not aware of,” he said as if he had gotten exactly what he wanted.
“How long have you existed?” She asked wanting to take control of the conversation.
“To give you an idea….” He paused as if to remember. It was as if everything he did was for the show of it. “I was the first ever created by Taru.”
“Who is Taru?” Annie wondered feeling like the name meant something.
“Taru is the first,” he said simply. Annie was shocked by what he said and if he hadn’t been in control of the dance they would have faltered to a stop.
“And who were you when she made you?” She asked. The question seemed to take him by surprise so she jumped at the chance to gain the upper hand. “Who were you as a human?” She pushed. Amaury paused at her question and for the first time it felt like the act fell away and she actually saw who he was, without the show. It looked as if he was about to refuse her but he shocked her.
“I was a nothing,” he said and he looked angered by the memory. “I was a simple peasant that was not allowed to learn and better himself because money is what made you worth it.” Annie was starting to see that by him making this institution it was actually a form of revenge on those who had put him down in the past. “One day I lay dying from the black plague in a ditch. I was thrown there, half dying amongst the decomposing bodies of those who had already suffered the fate I was about to endure. I was left to die because I was nothing to them. That is when she found me and made me what you see today.”
Annie saw the façade make its way back over his face and the broken, hurt person that had been festering away behind it fell back into its silent place.
“I am sorry,” she apologised feeling it wasn’t enough.
“No need to apologise, you have not wronged me,” he said it almost as a warning, leaving off the word ‘yet’.
“But I am still sorry that you were treated without love.” And she truly meant it. The music came to a soft end and they stopped their dance elegantly.
“I am sure I will be seeing you, Miss Belle.” Amaury took her hand and bowed to his dance partner, kissing her hand gently. He then righted himself and walked off into the crowd, obviously disturbed by something. Before she had time to dissect whatever it was that just happened someone touched her arm lightly. She turned abruptly, shocked from the touch.
“Jory,” she said relieved, holding her hand to her chest.
“What did you say to him?” He asked as the crowd started to shuffle back onto the floor.
“Nothing, why?” She asked wondering if she had done something wrong.
“Whatever it was it sure unsettled him,” he said as he watched Amaury leave the ballroom quickly.
Before she could comment on what they had talked about the orchestra started to play Jory’s favourite song, Pachelbel’s cannon. It distracted them both and he smiled at her as if he forgot everything that just happened. No need for words, he took her in a close hold and they started dancing. Annie was a little wary of this song as the last time they danced to it something strange happened that she wasn’t ready to face. Amaury’s words came back to mind of when he was talking about Jory and a secret.
“What is it?” Jory asked pulling his head back to see her face better. She forced a smile and was glad when Martha and Everard interrupted them before she had to answer.
“I think it would be fine if we made our way back to the room, seeing as now that Amaury has left,” Everard hinted as they stood amongst the swaying crowd.
“Please,” Annie said gratefully and they all made their way back to the room as quickly as possible. Annie was comforted when they were locked away in the privacy of their room again.
“Well, that was interesting,” Everard remarked as he removed his coat and started to help Martha remove the pins from her hair as she sat in the chair in front of the mirror.
“Yes but it was good to see old friends.” Martha seemed pleasantly surprised with the result of her night. “And Amaury was quite the gentlemen to you Annie,” she said sounding almost relieved.
“Yes, well I was taken aback by how he was changed,” she commented casually as she remembered the disturbing story. Everyone in the room froze and looked at her in utter shock, as if they could not believe what they just heard.
“What did you just say?” Everard asked and Annie looked around to each of them unsure of what she should say.
“When we were dancing, I…he…told me how he was changed,” she explained looking a little frightened. Jory, Martha and Everard looked at each other as if this would help them process what on earth was going on.
“Annie,” Everard said gaining her attention. “You must never tell anyone of what you were told.”
“I will not,” she promised trying to hold back the panic. “What is going on?”
“No one has ever, ever heard of how he was changed,” Martha said standing as if that would show how important it was. She looked frightened for her friend.
“He did not have to tell me,” Annie reasoned trying to make it better.
“It is fine,” Everard said trying to reassure her. “But if anyone were to find out then he will know who has told. You cannot ever be the one who revealed that secret.”
“Once,” Martha took over the warning. “There was a snatcher that spread a rumour that he knew how it happened and Amaury killed the snatcher himself,” Martha said. Usually she sugar coated everything for Annie but this time she needed her to see how careful she needed to be.
“I will never tell,” Annie promised trying not to fret. Everard and Martha looked at each other before Martha quickly tied her hair back and took Everard’s hand.
“We will be back in a short while,” Everard said to Jory and Annie. “Lock this door when we leave,” he instructed then they left the room. Annie rushed to the door as soon as they left and locked it with shaking hands. She turned to Jory who stood there stunned.
“I will not tell,” she repeated and it broke him out of his trance.
“We know,” Jory said soothingly. He went to her and gathered her into his arms. “It will be fine,” he promised though he could not believe what had happened. “Let us get to bed. You must be exhausted from the constant travelling,” he said taking her over to the partition. “Your nightgown is there ready for you to get changed into.”
Annie did as she was told and felt a little better when she was in the less restricting material of her nightgown. She emerged from behind the divider yawning and found Jory had stripped down to his long johns.
“I am going to forget everything that happened today and fall asleep in the heaven which is that bed,” she declared as they walked over to it. Jory pulled the sheets back and she jumped onto the soft mattress. He laid down beside her hiding his concern.
“Sleep well, Annie,” he said, leaning over and giving a kiss to her forehead.
“Goodnight, Jory. Thank you for being there tonight,” she thanked gratefully. With a small smile he turned the lamp down and the room was coated in darkness.
Everything played over in his mind as Annie fell asleep beside him. The question that seemed to linger was; what would tomorrow bring with such a captivating individual like Annie by his side?

CHAPTER 22:

The days were long at the institution and it became harder as time went by. Annie was fraught with stress that she masked as best she could. Annie had read and re-read the journal but found nothing and it made her want to rip it into pieces. They had been there a week and had spent most of their time in the library.
The library was out of this world large, with shelves that reached the roof and needed a ladder to reach the very top. It was so big that there were stairs and multiple split levels, all of which could be seen from the bottom and looked gargantuan when looking up at them. The balustrades were made from a polished, dark wood that matched the shelves which held the books. Scattered throughout the levels were thick tables and solid chairs made from the same polished wood.
Annie swore there were thousands of books and could see why Everard had put off going there. At this rate it would take them months if not years to soft through it all. With a heavy heart she pushed on and tried not to let the burden weigh her down too much.
So the four of them read and read and read.
They avoided going to the library during the busiest parts of the day so most of their research was done at night.
On this particular night Annie was wearing a charcoal day dress and wished she brought a coat to wear as the night was rather chilly in the library. When Jory noticed the goose bumps on her skin he shrugged off his coat and out it around her shoulders. She smiled at his thoughtfulness and Martha and Everard didn’t take any notice of the gesture. They were becoming so used to their familiar interactions that it no longer raised eyebrows.
Annie hadn’t seen Amaury since their dance, which was a week ago. It didn’t bother her not to see him but it stuck in the back of her mind that he might know where Baden was.
“I think Amaury knows the location of Baden,” Annie said out of the blue as they all sat at one of the round tables reading in a quiet corner. Everard didn’t look up instantly like everyone else and Annie knew he knew something. When he did finally look up she pierced him with a look. “You knew,” she accused quietly.
“It does no matter if he knows, he will never tell you,” he whispered leaning over the table trying to get her mind away from where it was going. She leaned in just as fervently and looked into his face.
“You mean to tell me that you knew where the answer has been this whole time and you have not suggested it?” She was furious and felt like screaming at the top of her lungs.
“Amaury has powerful connections, Annie. It is rumoured he knows the first,” Everard said in his hushed tone. Annie knew he was speaking of the first soul snatcher. She pulled back and tried not to look as if she knew that Amaury did have that connection.
“What does it matter if he did?” She asked not seeing the point.
“It would not matter at all…unless he had a need to call upon such an alliance,” Everard said pulling back himself and leaning on his chair. “Amaury would have been pleased that Baden was trapped. He could not think of a better way to confine someone that was swiftly becoming the terror of this species and most likely the world.”
“So?” Annie said, still not seeing the point. “Baden is different now.”
“Even more so because now Baden is taking something he covets more than anything….” Everard paused, looking around to ensure no one was around. “Attention. Before Baden Amaury was the most feared after his falling out with Oliver.”
“Oliver?” Annie said trying to piece it all together.
“The snatcher back at the manor?” Jory chimed in breaking his silence.
“Yes,” Everard answered. “Oliver and Amaury established this institution together but both had very intense ambitions. When it was clear that neither would trump the other after siding together they had a falling out. Oliver has been biding his time to take Amaury’s throne of being the most feared.” Everard paused a moment before deciding to continue. “He did not find Amaury a threat like others, he knew something that everyone else did not and I speculate it has something to do with Amaury’s transformation story.”
Everyone looked at Annie and she looked away trying to think. From what she understood of being changed into a snatcher from what she had read, the calibre of the person transformed mixed with the bane of the changer determines how strong you are. So if Amaury was found in such a vulnerable state when he was changed then that would mean he is not as strong as he is known for, even though the first may have created him. Which seemed to be a good reason as any as to why he would not want his secret known.
“If Oliver knows the story then Amaury must have something on Oliver if he has not discredited Amaury’s reputation already,” Annie reasoned.
“That may very well be the case,” Martha said breaking her silence.
“In any case,” Everard chimed in. “Oliver is not afraid of Amaury truly taking the title which he desires. The only one who has rightly done that has been Baden.”
“Which explains his plan to take me to triumph over Baden,” Annie said putting the pieces together.
“Then what is Oliver’s transformation story?” Jory asked.
“No one knows,” Everard said as he shrugged his shoulders. He seemed to be a little irritated that he didn’t.
“How do you know all of this?” Annie asked feeling overwhelmed at how much she didn’t know.
“I have spent many years researching in this place,” Everard said retiring his book to the side of the table along with an already substantial pile.
“Then if you are so well known here just ask Amaury,” Annie insisted.
“It is not that simple,” Everard repeated his first argument. “As I said Amaury would be quite content with Baden’s current predicament. He would be in no rush to rescue him any time soon. He already has Oliver to deal with.”
“We could bait him” Jory thought aloud. “We could make Amaury believe that Baden and Oliver will eliminate each other somehow and leave him on top.”
“Yes, we will make him believe that Oliver can kill the un-killable immortal,” Everard said sarcastically.
“Wait,” Martha said turning her head to one side as if she heard something.
Everyone went silent and concentrated for a moment. One moment they were alone the next Amaury was standing next to Annie as she sat at the table. No one else seemed surprised but she had to hold back her fright.
“Annie, it has been a whole week since our last encounter,” Amaury said in his smooth tone. “I have come to insist upon your presence.” He turned his head up to the others. “I would like to speak with Annie alone if that is not too much of an infraction.”
Annie swallowed hard as she craned her neck to look up at him. She turned to see the others at the table and they stared at her with barely masked horror. Everyone knew there was no choice in the matter. She braced herself for a moment, Amaury wasn’t as strong as he made himself out to be however he was stronger than her. Would Everard and Martha stand against him in a fight? Annie wasn’t ready to find out, it was too big a gamble which she thought was exactly what Amaury had bargained on people believing for his whole existence.
With nothing but a small smile to the others she stood to leave. The chair scraping on the floor was loud in her ears in the otherwise quiet room. Before she could step away Jory grabbed her hand but she yanked it free from his grip. She couldn’t do this with him now when she didn’t have a choice in the matter either way. With a scolding look thrown towards him she walked away with Amaury, seemingly like a free woman but with the invisible shackles of a prisoner. When they had left the library Jory turned to the others.
“We are going to follow them, surely?” He said looking desperate.
“Of course,” Martha said and before Everard could object she was out of her chair and half way across the room, Jory close behind her.
“This is exactly why I did not want to come here,” Everard whispered to himself before he left his seat to follow his loved ones.
Annie stood uncomfortably in the room she had first stepped into upon her arrival to the institution. Amaury made himself comfortable by sitting on a chair by the roaring fire, this one just like the one behind the desk looked suspiciously like a throne.
The only difference in the room was that there was now a huge bed off in one of the corners in the large room and she had no idea why a creature that didn’t need sleep even had one.
“Take a seat, lovely Annie,” Amaury offered with a sweeping had that landed on the closest seat to him.
Taking him up on the offer to sit, just not next to him, she sat on a chair that would be a socially acceptable distance from him. Not far enough in her opinion. The fire was so strong that she started to sweat beneath Jory’s coat but she didn’t want to take it off. Wearing it made her feel comforted because it smelled like him.
“Is there any particular reason I am here?” She asked trying not to look directly at him but finding it hard not to. He had his pompous outfit on, this time it was black with gold trimmings and a red cape. She still couldn’t understand why he wore one.
“I am here to strike up a deal,” he said smiling at her as if he were in some way innocent. She bided her time before she asked anything.
“And what is it that you have that I would want to obtain from you?” She asked as if she didn’t already know or hardly cared. She sat back in her chair as if she had all day. His smile soon spread wider and turned into laughter.
“You are too delightful,” he said when he started to settle down. “You know what I have.”
“Say it,” she demanded, sick and tired of all the games.
“I know where Baden is,” he answered pleased with the reaction he was getting out of her.
“And what is it that you think I can give you?” She had absolutely nothing that he couldn’t already get if he wanted it.
Slowly he moved towards the end of his seat and looked at her intently as if measuring his next words.
“All I ask for in return for Baden’s location is…” He paused to be dramatic and it annoyed her to no end. “You.”
Annie’s mouth dropped open in shock at his words. What did he mean her?

CHAPTER 23:

“Amaury,” she said his name and it felt like she just swallowed poison. “I do not understand what you are suggesting.” He relaxed back into his chair, looking very in control of the situation.
“I will tell you where you can locate Baden,” he spoke slowly so she would not miss his meaning. “In return you will stay here with me…Forever. I will even explain how to free him.”
“Forever!” She shouted the word assuming she had heard wrong. “What would be the use in that?” He raised one eyebrow subtly and took a sly glance at the bed that she had noticed earlier. She turned her head towards it then looked back at him horrified.
“See my meaning?” He asked with one of his smiles. She stood in anger, clenching her fists.
“You cannot be serious?” She yelled. “What would be the use in knowing where Baden was when I had to be stuck here with you?” He flinched a little as if her words hurt him.
“Well, it certainly does not sound as if you love him as much as you claim to,” Amaury said manipulatively. “If you truly loved him would his freedom, regardless if it was with you or not, be your ambition?” Her rebuke wavered at his suggestion. She swallowed hard trying to regain her train of thought.
“Baden would rather die,” she said hoping it was true but not certain. The thought that Baden might actually agree to a deal such as this frightened her.
“Unfortunately that cannot be arranged,” Amaury said ruthlessly. He stood up and it caused her to take a step back making her legs hit against the chair behind her. “What shall it be?”
“I refuse,” she said trying to sound convinced.
“Well, the offer will be here and when you change your mind you will know where I am,” he said casually as if he didn’t really care either way, though he was almost tortured by the desire of wanting her to give in.
“May I leave?” She asked pointing to the door. He bowed his head slightly and walked over to open the door for her.
Jory, Martha and Everard had been eavesdropping on the conversation from the other side of the door and hadn’t paid enough attention to hear them coming towards the door. So when it was opened they abruptly straightened up from leaning forward and stood there like frightened animals. Annie went to walk out then stopped when she saw who was blocking her path. She looked to Amaury who just smiled at her, already knowing they had an audience. He turned to them not seeming angry at all.
“We just came here now,” Jory said awkwardly in a poor attempt to cover their actions. Everard rolled his eyes and Martha closed hers in frustration.
“Goodbye,” Annie said to Amaury and walked past her friends.
“Amaury,” Everard greeted with the utmost dignity before turning to leave.
“Everard,” Amaury said then looked at the others.
Martha gave a weak smile before making her exit but Jory just stood there giving him a dirty look.
“You are not leaving?” Amaury asked Jory, not offended by Jory’s glare at all. Jory stepped a little closer and stood there showing him exactly what he thought of him.
“There is no chance in any reality that you could ever have Annie,” he snarled and the words actually offended Amaury. Jory’s attitude and words reminded him of every person that had told him he was nothing back when he was human.
“Neither could you,” Amaury said the words to hurt Jory just like they had him and it worked. “Just because Everard is your brother does not mean I have any affection reserved for you,” he warned.
“Do not underestimate me,” Jory said not feeling afraid at all. “Because many have come up short when they have done that.”
Amaury stepped back and slammed the door in Jory’s face. He didn’t care enough to start something with someone like Jory. He was nothing to be concerned about and he couldn’t care enough to retaliate. At the moment Annie was his main focus, if not his only.
“Get here Jory,” Everard whispered frantically as he stormed up to his brother. He grabbed Jory by the arm and dragged him along.
“I am coming,” Jory said pulling his arm out of Everard’s grip. They made their way in silence back to the room where Annie and Martha were. As soon as Jory was in the room he went up to Annie.
“You cannot take that deal,” Jory said as if he had any right to be part of the choice.
“Why would I take it?” She asked feeling annoyed that he even had to say it.
Annie stood there with her arms folded not feeling threatened by him at all. She was still wearing his coat that was miles too big for her so her attempt at being intimidating was lost.
“Good,” he said feeling appeased.
“What leads you to believe that you would have any choice in the matter?” She wasn’t ready to let this go. He looked at her as if she had lost her mind.
“It would be a ridiculously stupid choice,” he argued.
“Whatever choice I make is mine to make. If I did choose to take it then I could,” she said trying to make him see her point.
“So you are going to take the deal?” He asked shaking his head at her.
“No Jory! Of course not!” She yelled fed up with everything.
“Jory, please just stop it,” Martha said stepping in.
“What are you saying? Can you hear how senseless Annie is being?” He said to Martha not meaning to sound disrespectful.
“Jory,” Everard said his name as a warning, stepping closer to Martha. “Annie was simply trying to make a point.”
“That my opinion means nothing to her and that she would consider giving her life up for a bastard like Baden?” Jory yelled and threw his hand towards Annie.
Annie took a step back as if she had been hit, feeling hurt by his words. He looked to her and she just stared at him in wide-eyed disbelief. He had gone too far and he knew it. Not knowing what else to say he stormed out of the room, slamming the door on his way out.
“Do not worry,” Martha said pulling Annie in for a hug. She couldn’t help the flood of tears that came and Martha just held her as she cried. She sat on the bed and Martha went with her, keeping her arms around her the whole way.
“We should leave this place,” Annie said through the sobs. “There is nothing to find here and it is too dangerous to stay.” She looked up to Everard who had come closer not knowing what to do but wanting to comfort Annie somehow. “You were right all along,” she admitted. “I should have listened to you instead of insisting on coming here.”
Everard gave a small, half smile wishing there was something he could do take away her heartache.
“No matter now,” he said softly. “If you wish we will be on our way tomorrow.” Annie nodded and sniffed back the tears. She just wished that all of this would come to an end.
Jory stormed out into the courtyard to calm himself. The cool night air on his flushed face felt good and he steadied his breathing. He slowly made his way over and took a seat against the wall in the most private part of the courtyard. He pulled his legs up against his chest, covering his face with his hand to try and regain his composure.
“Trouble in Utopia?” Acacia’s voice came from the shadows.
“Go away,” he said not wanting to deal with her antics.
“Oh Jory, you are so dramatic,” she moaned completely ignoring his request. She walked over and sat next to him. “However insane you find me I am still a friend to you here.”
“Well that is a great comfort,” he said sarcastically.
“I am going to be brutally honest,” she warned not seeing any need to hold back.
“Go away,” he repeated which she once again ignored.
“Why do you think she would not choose Baden?” Acacia’s question was met with silence.
She looked up at the clear night sky waiting for his answer. The stars were truly magnificent in all their glory, not hidden by clouds or too many street lamps. Just sitting up there staring down at them, shining their own little story from their only little world.
“You do not even know the circumstance that brings me to this point,” he sidestepped answering. She looked at him to show how silly she thought he was being but he wasn’t looking at her.
“The question is not what particular thing or things happened. The thing that you need to be looking at is the root of it all. Which is that you love someone that will never be yours,” she said. He looked at her and though it was dark he was still able to see that she was not trying to be cruel.
“There are times when I think she feels the same but then he is brought up again.” Jory couldn’t even stand to say his name. “If I had met her first…”
“But you did not meet her first,” she reminded showing the logical side of it. “There is nothing you can do to change her mind. She is aware of what Baden is and she still chooses him. That is some serious love.”
“He does not deserve her,” he argued.
“But that does not mean a thing and that is only your opinion,” she reasoned.
“So you think he does deserve her?” He asked as if she better say no.
“Do not put words in my mouth,” she said sternly. “It is not up to us to decide that. The only person who has the power to do that has and she believes him worthy.”
Silence fell over them for a time. Jory felt a little more broken than before thanks to Acacia’s logic but she had said nothing that he didn’t already know. She may have been unbearable most of the time but there were small glimpses of kindness that almost made up for it and was the reason they were friends, in their strange kind of way.
He stared off over the dark courtyard trying hard not to feel anything.
“What is the use then?” He asked quietly. Letting out a breath she took her time to answer.
“I think the aim is to live with the rejection,” she advised knowing what it was like herself.
He looked to her and she was already looking at him. He knew she was speaking from what she had learnt from him rejecting her so many times and he felt a little bad for her. He didn’t think she cared for him half as much as he cared for Annie but it would still hurt. She may be partially crazy but that didn’t stop the pain.
So there Jory sat pining over someone who would never want him as much as she wanted someone else, wishing that he could be that someone. All he wanted to do was take Annie in his arms and kiss her until she almost passed out from his love but he never would have that and here sat someone who did want to kiss him. Even if nothing would ever really happen between them would it be bad if he kissed Acacia? Annie wouldn’t think twice about kissing Baden. The thought was sickening enough to bring a scowl to his face.
Jory looked down to Acacia’s lips and reading the signs she leaned in a little. He hesitated a moment and finding no reason to not kiss her he leaned in and pressed his lips against hers.
He did it almost to get back at Annie in some way, however petty that was. Kissing her was nothing like he imagined it would be. He thought it would be something special but it felt wrong. Acacia tasted nothing like what he thought Annie would taste like and every moment of the kiss he wished that it was Annie’s perfect lips that he was kissing. They broke apart and he tried not to show his disappointment, he didn’t want to be cruel.
Before either of them could say anything they heard footsteps on the gravel. They both looked around and saw Annie and Martha retreating from the courtyard. Jory shot to his feet and started to run after them but stopped when he remembered Acacia. He turned back to her but she was already gone.
“Damn!” He cursed under his breath and went after Annie. He always would choose her.
Acacia stood in the shadows so no one could see her, waiting for Jory to make his choice. When he had chosen to go after Annie without so much as a second thought it hurt her more than she expected. She knew he would never want her, especially with Annie around. Soon Acacia’s sadness turned to anger and she stormed away. She was sick and tired of hearing about Annie from everyone who could speak so she went straight back to her room and locked the door. She just wanted to be alone.
Jory caught up to them just in time to see Martha walk into their room and close the door. He felt desperate to explain to Annie, though what was he going to explain? Yes, what you saw actually happened. He came through the door to find Martha braiding Annie’s hair as she looked at herself in the mirror. She didn’t even look at him. Martha quickly finished off the braid and tied it off. She bent down and leaned towards Annie.
“Would you like me to collect some books with Everard in the library?” Martha asked her quietly. What she was really asking was, do you want me to stay?
“If you would like,” Annie answered still not looking at Jory. “I am off to bed, hopefully I can rest before we leave tomorrow.” She stood and walked behind the partition to put her nightdress on. Martha went to walk out the door but Jory stopped her.
“We are leaving tomorrow?” He asked.
“Yes. Annie feels it is best,” she said with a hint of disappointment in her voice before she left to join Everard in the library.
When the door was closed the room was filled with thick, unruly tension. When Annie was dressed she stepped out from behind the divider and walked to bed avoiding looking at Jory. He watched her, trying to think of what to say. He took his jacket off and threw it over the nearest chair. Annie laid down and turned off the lamp, settling into the blankets. The other lamp on his side of the bed was still lit but she ignored the light. Jory got changed in silence and walked over to the bed sliding in next to her. Her back was to him and he just lay there staring at her.
“Annie,” he said after some time but she didn’t answer. “Annie.”
“What?!” She answered harshly. He paused trying to tread carefully. “Did you want my attention for no reason?” She asked keeping her back to him.
“I should not have kissed her,” he admitted deciding not to ignore the point.
“It does not matter. I came out to apologise but I am sorry that I interrupted your moment,” she said and he wasn’t sure if she was being sarcastic because he couldn’t see her face.
“There was no ‘moment’,” he corrected. That’s it, he had to tell her he loved her. “Annie, I am sorry.”
“Do not be sorry to me,” she interrupted. “I was under the impression from witnessing your earlier encounter with her that you wanted nothing to do with her. If you love someone you should not put them down like that.”
“I do not love her,” he said but was interrupted again before he could finish.
“I personally do not kiss people I do not love. So you have either lied to me and spoke badly of your love or you have shared affection with someone you have no true feelings for. Either way I do not care,” she lied. She was absolutely furious that he had kissed Acacia and she felt stupid from some reason. She couldn’t stand the thought of him right now, let alone the sight of him, which is why she kept her back to him.
“It is neither. There is a reason I did it and it was childish of me. I need to tell you something.” This was it, he was going to tell a conscious Annie that he loved her.
“Jory, I do not care about anything other than finding Baden and freeing him. Other than that, nothing else is my concern,” she said wishing he would stop talking.
Jory felt gutted. Here he was about to stupidly confess his love to someone who could only think of someone else. It broke his heart and it showed on his face but she didn’t see it because she refused to turn to him. He slowly rolled over, turned the lamp off and laid on his pillow.
Annie held back her burning tears out of pure stubbornness. It shouldn’t even matter that he kissed someone else and she had fooled herself into believing that it didn’t matter to her. Which is why it infuriated her to no end that she felt hurt and betrayed at all. He had lied to her though and she believed this was the reason for her fury. And rightly so! He shouldn’t have acted so selfishly to Acacia. And she especially didn’t want to get herself started on Acacia, why on earth Jory would even want to kiss her was a mystery. She came across as unbalanced at best. Jory and Acacia were both just as bad as each other.
Annie felt relieved that she had gotten to the bottom of her feelings, though it didn’t take away the way she felt.
Both Jory and Annie struggled to find sleep that night and when they did it was restless and unsatisfying. They slept with their backs to each other all night and both felt cold inside.

CHAPTER 24:

Before dawn Martha and Everard had the books and their belongings packed away in the saddle bags. Annie and Jory weren’t talking and there was an obvious tension between them that Martha and Everard decided to try and ignore.
Everyone was dressed in riding gear, which meant pants, shirt and vest. Even Martha, which was quite the sight considering she mostly ever wore dresses. In fact this might have been the very first time Annie had ever seen Martha in pants, she hadn’t even ridden in wearing them. She guessed that Martha wanted to look her best when she arrived at the institution but it didn’t matter what she wore now because no one was going to be looking at her. Martha was only the second most distracting thing to Annie because, no matter how annoyed she was at him, Jory looked damn good in his leather tights. This irritated her even more.
Before any of them could mount their horses in the courtyard of the ominous institution they were joined by their host.
“Are you sure you do not want to stay?” Amaury asked as he approached them, keeping his eyes firmly planted on Annie.
He had appeared seemingly out of nowhere, which Annie guessed was one of his tactics to seem otherworldly even for a snatcher. His black outfit and his black cape, which was the first time he had matched them, made him almost invisible in the darkness. They all stood there a little dumbfound at what to do. But Annie was past the point of fear when it came to this figure head.
“I think our time will be more profitable elsewhere,” she answered speaking for all of them.
“Keep in mind that you are welcome here at any time,” Amaury said with a small smile. “I am sure we will be meeting again in the future.” He spoke directly to Annie and she had to hide her irritation.
“Thank you for your hospitality,” Everard jumped in seeing the situation getting out of hand. Amaury turned to him with a genuine smile.
“It has been my pleasure,” he said sounding earnest. “I am sure I will be seeing you at some point, my friend.” The two shared a small smile. Before there could be any more words exchanged Acacia came and stood beside Amaury. Annie immediately became tense and stepped away from Jory who was standing beside her.
“I came to say my goodbyes,” Acacia said giving each of them a quick glance before she rested her eyes on Jory.
She walked over to him and brought him into an embrace. He stood there rigidly, choosing not to put his arms around her. She pulled back and placed a kiss on his cheek purposely letting her lips fall dangerously close to his. Jory pulled back knowing she was trying to provoke the already awkward situation between Annie and himself.
“Goodbye Acacia,” he said bluntly and she stepped back into place next to Amaury seemingly unfazed by his harsh tone.
“Well, we shall be off,” Martha said pointedly at Acacia before she jumped onto her horse, Everard close behind her.
Annie silently mounted her horse easily as she was becoming accustomed to the act. She looked everywhere else but at Jory, Amaury or Acacia.
“Goodbye,” Jory said a general farewell in the direction of their send-off party before he jumped onto the horse.
Annie tried to move away from him but there wasn’t much distance she could place between them in a saddle. He noticed but decided not to react, even though he wanted her to know how it hurt him to have her anger directed at him.
Soon they were well into their journey.
“I think leaving was the best option,” Martha said as they made their way through the forest. Everyone gave a generic sound of approval and they fell back into silence.
When they were coming close to the small town where their carriage was being kept Everard slowed his horse and looked around as if to find something specific.
“What is it?” Annie asked as Jory brought their horse up next to Everard’s.
“I think someone is following us,” he said and suddenly something dropped from the trees between them causing their horses to rear in defence.
Jory had to use all of his strength to settle the steed and keep Annie atop the horse with him. He looked down and saw a snatcher standing between them. Jory looked over to Everard who was looking to the other side of him where another snatcher had dropped from the trees.
“Run,” Everard yelled across to them and Jory kicked his horse into motion.
They were darting through the trees at breakneck speed and Annie had to grip for dear life. Everywhere she looked there seemed to be another snatcher running after them. Her hair was flicking in her face and it was hard not to let the fear take control. She felt hands grab at her feet but when they did Jory would push the horse harder and the hands would fall away. The glimpses she managed to get of her attackers revealed little, except that they were wearing attire similar to that of an army, as if from centuries ago. Their silver chainmail glinted in the sun menacingly tormenting them.
Annie had no idea where Everard and Martha were but wherever it was they had a better chance than them. Tears choked her as she tried not to see herself being killed by the hoard of attackers. All she wanted to do was find Baden and be with him but it was turning into a life threatening adventure every corner they turned.
Suddenly their horse’s legs were pulled from under them by one of the snatchers and Jory and Annie were flung off their horse, through the trees and onto the hard forest floor. Annie landed on her side and skidded across the dead leaves and dirt. Before she could grab hold of anything or realise what was happening she came to an edge that fell into a steep drop into a ravine.
“Annie,” Jory yelled and before she started to fall she glimpsed Jory running through the crowd of snatchers towards her.
“Get him out of here!” She heard a man’s voice yell before she let out a blood curdling scream that ripped out of her lungs and burned her throat.
Annie clutched and reached for anything and everything in the dirt around her for anything to grab. The dirt flicked in her eyes and face and she couldn’t keep her eyes open for too long. As she felt most of her weight drop over the edge and pull her down she felt a tree root in her grasp and gripped as hard as she could. Between her fast momentum and weak grip it wasn’t enough and she couldn’t hold on.
As she felt her only lifeline slip from her hand she squeezed her eyes shut even tighter and did the only thing she thought was worthy of her descent into death, she thought of Baden. She didn’t scream of cry, she refused to let her fear ruin her thoughts of him.
She felt her body crash hard against rocks and dirt and then she was swept across the surface she just landed on. Her arm hurt and she realised it had caught on something. She opened her eyes and saw the bottom of the ravine far below her and her feet dangling in mid-air. She had hit the side of the chasm because she had been saved by something or someone. She pulled her head back and looked up, having to close them as the loose dirt fell and settled after the commotion.
She shook the dirt off her face and peered up in another attempt to see what was above her. Her heart dropped when she saw who had grabbed her arm and saved her from falling and surely dying. Oliver was kneeling above her, half hanging over the edge with an arm firmly holding onto hers. His face and hair was covered in dirt from the chaos and for a moment all she could hear was her heart beating loudly in her ears.
“Annie,” he said with a smile. “I cannot say how lovely it is to see you again.”
“Well Oliver,” she said breathlessly from the exertion, holding onto the side of the gully as best she could. “In a strange way I am glad for your presence in this very moment of my life.”
With a raised eyebrow of appreciation at her words he hoisted her back up, over the ledge to safety and she let herself drop onto solid ground. Oliver sat there and waited as Annie took a few moments to count her blessings and calm the adrenaline and nerves that tingled over every part of her body. After a moment she looked up to see they were the only two anywhere to be seen.
“Where are my friends?” She asked standing quickly to her feet and moving away from him.
“I deduced that you may need an incentive to join me,” he said. “So they will be kept safe as long as you do as you are told,” he explained. She looked over to him in disgust.
“First you arrange for your minions to ambush us, you almost get me killed only saving me by merely moments and then you take my companions hostage in order to ensure my cooperation?” She said summarising the situation. He folded his arms, using one hand to place against his chin as if he was deep in thought.
He was dressed in clothes that were very similar to Amaury’s. The design had a royal air about it, tight with a heavy tunic and ruffles from the chest. However every inch of the material was completely black with only a hint of silver trimming. And where there seemed to be a place especially for a cape on his broad shoulders there was nothing. At least he wasn’t that pompous.
“I must say, when you put it like that it sounds ingenious,” he answered with a smile.
“How do I know my friends are safe?” She asked exasperated. He walked over to her and stood uncomfortably close.
“That is something you will have to trust me with, Annie,” he said touching her face lightly. She pulled her face away from him and the smile dropped from his lips. “You will also have to learn how to curb your distaste for my presence if you desire their safety,” he warned. Annie bit her tongue and kept her retaliation to herself.
“Oliver,” a woman’s voice drifted over to them and he rolled his eyes before he turned to the person. To Annie’s surprise it was the woman who she had met in Antoinette’s store. After a moment she remembered her name, Mary.
“Taru,” Oliver said and it sounded as if he was trying to hide his fear. Annie took a step back realising that this was the first soul snatcher to ever be created. She swallowed back her own fear, trying not to think of how vulnerable she was with these two near. One minute Taru was a few yards away then she was in Oliver’s face.
“Do not antagonize me,” she yelled and grabbed his neck with one hand. He dropped to his knees as if he were finding it hard to breath. “I warned you about this one.” He scratched at her hand to try and gain some release to no avail.
Taru was ruthless and terribly fearsome and obviously completely insane. Annie heard a crack and she deduced it down to something in Oliver’s neck.
“Taru, I was simply playing,” he said hoarsely. She bent down so he had to look directly at her.
“Well find another to play with,” she hissed at him. “This one is not to be touched.” She threw him to the ground with one shove and he grabbed at his neck as if to make sure he was still in existence. He scrambled to his feet and faced her, exuding none of his usual arrogance. “Retrieve her friends and bring them back to her, along with their horses.” Oliver took another glance at Annie and hesitated a moment too long. “Go!” Taru screamed and he was out of sight before Annie could blink. Taru turned her gaze to Annie and gave her a once over.
“Thank you,” Annie said quietly not sure what else to do. Taru’s scowl turned into a small smile.
“Are you afraid?” Taru asked as if she had some secret pleasure in her power.
“It depends on what your intentions are,” Annie answered evenly. This seemed to cause Taru’s smile to grow wider, though only slightly.
“You are close to finding Baden,” she said surprising Annie.
“You know where he is?” Annie asked forgetting she was talking to possibly the most threatening snatcher to exist but then again she seemed to be doing a lot of that lately.
“If you return home you will know where he is also,” she said choosing not to elaborate. “Do not tell your friends of me,” she instructed, changing the subject quickly. Annie shook her head to give her answer. Taru tilted her head to one side as if she was trying to figure something out. “Why is it that you love Baden?” She asked surprising Annie once again.
“Well,” Annie said but paused trying to form the reason into words. “I look past what he has let others see and I see what he truly is.”
“And what is that?” Taru asked curiously.
“A valuable soul,” Annie answered proudly and suddenly she wanted to be away from Taru. As if granting her wish, without another word Taru disappeared just before Annie heard footsteps.
“Annie,” Martha called when she saw her. She, Everard and Jory ran up to her and looked her over to make sure she was not hurt.
“What happened?” Jory asked. They were all in shock from their attack.
“I do not know, why?” Annie lied.
“Oliver found us, demanded our release then him and his followers left without another word,” Everard said. “He seemed angry.”
“I have no idea,” Annie reiterated trying to look clueless. “He saved me from falling then left.” Each of them looked at her with speculation in their eyes but decided to let it drop.
“Well, let us be on our way,” Martha suggested feeling uneasy. “To the horses,” she instructed then grabbed Annie’s hand and they all hurried to their mounts.
The rest of the journey home was uneventful and long. Things were still awkward with Jory and Annie but she was speaking to him now. After yet another near death experience she thought it petty to treat him like that. She still felt wronged by him in some way but tried to ignore the feeling. All she could really think of now was Taru and her words about Baden.
As soon as they arrived home the next morning they put the carriage in the barn, unsaddled the horses and let them roam the grounds after their long trip. Annie hurried towards the house and the others followed behind her a little slower. She was keen to find the answer to where Baden was and Taru had told her she would once she was home.
“Wait,” Everard called. Tired and feeling a little empty they all stopped and stood there outside the manor. Everard turned to the barn and everyone followed his gaze. Adam stepped from behind the structure and looked at them all fearfully.
“Adam?” Annie said his name in confusion.
“You know him?” Jory asked keeping an eye on the young snatcher.
“You could say that,” Annie answered vaguely.
“I have a note for you,” Adam said to Annie and to his credit he was being very brave.
He had no idea what these people might do to him and he was there to do his duty regardless. Not feeling scared at all, Annie walked over to him feeling sorry for the young man. He handed her the letter and everyone watched her as she read it.
Until next time…
Next time has finally come.
Baden
Annie recognised the elegant script and the words. She turned to Jory, Martha and Everard and they waited for her to speak. Jory had that pit of your stomach kind of feeling when you know you are about to be told you have lost everything you had been working so hard for, and there is nothing you can do about it.
“It is from Baden,” Annie said breathlessly. Her eyes locked with Jory’s before she looked back to Adam. “Can you take me to him?” She asked frantically. The shy boy simply nodded and Annie couldn’t hold back the tears that had been building up for so long. Martha was by her side instantly, arms around her.
“Come inside,” Martha said. “We will get you cleaned up then we will leave immediately.” As they walked to the manor Martha gave Jory a quick glance before moving past him. He looked over to Everard and his brother stood there silently not knowing what to say.
With a heavy heart Jory turned and walked into the house. This was the end of any hope he had with the only one he had ever wanted. The only one he had ever loved. He didn’t think it would hurt as much as it did. Everard watched his brother retreat before turning to the young man.
“Come Adam,” Everard said. “Come in and tell me everything.”

CHAPTER 25:

Whilst Annie had a bath and got dressed Adam told Everard the whole story, as best as he could remember. Everard just took it in and tried not to let his scepticism interfere with taking Annie to where Baden was.
Annie was down stairs ready to go in record timing. She wore a beautiful, modest cream dress that sat impeccably against her shape with gold cord lining. Her hair was gathered up with pins into wispy curls at the back of her head.
It was as if the past few months never happened and she hadn’t faced the perils that she had. Jory came in dressed with face washed and stopped at the sight of her. He had to swallow hard to keep his emotions in check. She looked so perfect and he was about to watch her finally find her love. He finished buttoning his white shirt and tucking it into his black trousers as Martha joined them.
Then they were all off.
Adam suggested they take horses because a carriage wouldn’t make it to the house so Annie jumped up with Jory and she was happy to do so because she was nervous. Her stomach jumped around and her heart beat fast at the thought of seeing Baden imminently. He was just a short ride away and everything seemed worth it just to see him. She wanted to look perfect for him and in the back of her mind there was the smallest doubt that she wouldn’t be enough.
“How do I look?” She asked shyly looking up into Jory’s face as they rode behind everyone else. Ignoring the dull ache that was slowly making its way through his heart he gave her a warm smile.
“You look flawless, Annie,” he whispered to her and managed to keep everything else hidden away.
She smiled timidly and looked down to her finger nails trying to push away the nerves. They rode for what felt like forever but really wasn’t that long at all, and soon enough they were there.
“This is it,” Adam said from up ahead. Annie’s heart kicked into gear as they came through the trees into a clearing that revealed a small house.
The surroundings looked like it had been taken right out of a picture book with the haunting trees and perfect little, wooden cottage. Everyone dismounted partially in awe of the place, except for Annie who couldn’t bring herself to jump down.
“Annie,” Jory said and she looked down at him. “You coming?” He asked being silly and she tried to smile but it didn’t quite reach her eyes. He reached his arms up and she jumped into them.
“Would you like us to come in with you?” Martha asked walking up to her.
“Uh…” Annie hadn’t really thought this far. “What if I go in then I come and get you so you can meet him?” Martha smiled and took her hand, taking her over to Everard.
“Are you ready?” Everard asked when Annie stood in front of him. He gave her a reassuring smile and it made her heart feel warmer.
“Thank you,” Annie said looking between Martha and Everard. “Thank you for everything you have done for me.” She looked around to Jory who was standing back at the horse. She mouthed the words ‘thank you’ to him and he gave her a small smile, looking to the ground as if he was too shy to do anything else. What he was really doing was hiding the pain caused by the pending moment.
“Would you like me to walk you to the door?” Adam asked standing there as if in obedience. Annie looked up at the door then back to their new friend.
“I think I should be fine, thank you” she said with a grateful smile. “Do you suggest I just walk in?” Adam gave a small nod and she took a moment before she started walking to the door.
Each step sounded amplified in her ears and the leaves shuffling around her feet made her feel like she was walking through water. She slowly stepped up to the door not believing this was actually happening.
Jory stood there watching her walk away from all of them. Her light dress swaying in the cool afternoon breeze and the soft tresses of her hair dancing around her beautiful face. Her steps were small and measured and the excitement and nerves were obvious without even seeing her face.
Annie walked up to the door and gave a look back to her loved ones before she took hold of the door handle. With an encouraging smile from them she turned the handle and let the door swing open into to cottage. It was dark and hard to see and it felt as if it had been vacant for centuries. With her heart beating hard against her chest she held her breath and stepped inside. It smelled like Baden and it encouraged her to move forward.
“Baden,” she said his name and it felt so good to say his name, knowing he would hear it.
She walked into the small hallway and came to the first adjoined room. She opened the door hesitantly and stopped when she saw him. He stood looking into the fire as if he was in deep thought. Annie froze. She couldn’t believe she was looking at him, after everything that had happened she could actually see him and touch him. Slowly he looked up to her and tears glistened in her eyes.
Baden couldn’t speak, all this time in planning and preparing himself wasn’t enough for what he had to do. Annie looked even more beautiful than he could take and it took everything in him not to go to her. He needed to do this for her, he owed her that much.
Without another thought she ran to him and threw her arms around his neck. Breathing him in, feeling him against her and hearing his steady breathing. After a moment of rapture she realised something didn’t feel right. He wasn’t holding her. She stepped back and looked at his arms by his side and a sudden, sharp pain of doubt shot through her chest.
It broke his heart not to show her how much he cared, how much he wanted to have her. He saw the ache in her soul from his rebuff and it hurt him.
“Baden, I have been looking for you,” she said taking his hands in hers. He stood there with a straight face and he gently took his hands back.
He turned and went to the shelves at the back wall so he didn’t have to look at her. He pretended to look through a book as he regained his composure and held back the tears.
Annie stood there silently trying to understand what was going on. She couldn’t help the tears that spilled onto her cheeks and when he heard them he looked to her. He bit his lip and restrained himself from going to comfort her. She may hurt for a time but at least she would be safe if he was not in her life. He slapped the book closed and put it back on the shelf.
“I think you have wasted your efforts in looking for me,” he said without any emotion. She took a step back from his words and tried to wipe away the tears from her eyes.
“You sent the letter with Adam,” she whispered and the pain that drenched her voice was like a chill over his soul.
“I sent him to bring you here so I could tell you to stop wasting your time,” he lied and it felt like everything in him was working against him, it’s like his mouth was barely cooperating and he couldn’t say the words properly.
“You do not want me in your life?” She asked not understanding. She was waiting for him to say it was all a joke but he didn’t. “Baden, please.”
“Annie, you should leave,” he said feeling sick to his stomach with himself. “And never come back. I do not care for you. I had planned to steal your soul but it is useless now so you can leave and stop bothering me.”
It felt like she had been slapped in the face. She looked at him in disbelief for several moments through blurry, teary vision. Her breathing stuttered and her heart was beating fast with fear. It wasn’t like the fear that came when you are about to lose your life, it is more like the fear when you know something is lost that can never be regained. It is out of your control and no matter what you do or say it won’t change anything. She felt sick. This couldn’t be true.
“What of the wedding dress you ordered?” She asked storming up to him. He was caught off guard by her closeness and he took the opportunity to get a closer look at her lovely face. He wanted to reach out and touch her but he told himself not to.
“I ordered that when I was still working to steal you. A waste of money really,” he said staring intently at her face trying to memorise every part of it. Maybe he could kiss her once and still convince her otherwise? No, he had to do this.
“So it all really meant nothing?” She asked refusing to believe him.
“I do not care about you, Annie,” he said holding back the anguish it caused him to say that. “There is another snatcher in here so if you want to remain alive you best get out.”
“You would not let Stewart hurt me,” she bluffed. Maybe he would? Baden was surprised that she knew Stewart’s name but he didn’t show it. He just stood there looking at her trying to seem uninterested. He was afraid if he said anything more he might give it all in and beg her to stay.
Annie walked out to find this Stewart and put Baden to the test. She would soon see if he really didn’t care. She didn’t have to walk very far to find him and stopped abruptly in the hallway when she found him just standing there. Her back was to the open door and she instinctively took a step back towards it.
“Stewart,” she said as bravely as she could but as he took menacing steps towards her she could see his bared teeth. She took another step back but he kept approaching. “Baden,” she called to him and he walked to the door of the room but forced himself to stop out of sight. He leaned his head against the door silently, forcing himself not to intervene. He knew Stewart wouldn’t really hurt her, it was all just part of the plan but it didn’t make it hurt any less.
Stewart could see she didn’t believe it so he started to growl. Annie inched back but tried to call Baden’s bluff by refusing to move. Jory came up to the door and stood there not understanding what was happening.
“Annie, what are you doing?” Jory asked and when he saw Stewart he ran inside and took Annie around the waist. It caught Stewart by surprise and he stopped scowling for a moment before regaining his act.
In the room Baden heard Jory touching Annie and his instinct was screaming at him to rip Jory away from her and protect her himself.
“No, Jory. I have to see if Baden will help me,” she said trying to pull away from him.
“Annie, I think it is clear he has abandoned you,” Jory reasoned, exasperated that she couldn’t at least see it even if she wasn’t going to accept it. Baden stood behind the door fighting the urge to attack Jory.
“No, he will help,” she insisted keeping her eyes on Stewart. He looked ferocious in between her glances between him and towards the room where Baden was.
“He will not,” Jory argued seeing that Stewart was becoming seemingly angrier. Martha and Everard ran to the door but paused before the threshold not knowing if stepping into the house would have any effect on them.
“Annie, what is going on?” Martha asked horrified at the scene.
Suddenly Annie burst into tears seeing that Baden wasn’t coming to help her. Trying not to let her sadness affect him, Stewart kept up his act and when he could see they were close enough to the door to run out if he pounced, he jumped forward as if he were going to attack.
Jory pulled Annie back quickly and they tripped out the door into Everard and Martha who fell backwards because of the surprise of it. The all lay in a heap on the ground, Annie crying in earnest not caring if she had hurt herself or not. Adam stood there in shock looking at the crumpled mess of people.
“Do not come back or you will not be so lucky next time,” Stewart warned before he slammed the door shut. Everard and Martha stood as quickly as they could and helped Jory pull Annie off the ground. They had no idea what was going on but they knew they had to get her home.
Baden watched from the window as Jory picked Annie up in his capable arms as she cried from the pain and the loss of what just happened. They all mounted their horses, each glancing back at the house that was meant to be the beginning but found them all at the end of a tiresome, useless journey. They rode away, Adam included, seeming disheartened and confused.
“Are you sure you are doing the right thing?” Stewart asked as he came up behind Baden. He had never seen anyone hurt so much and risk themselves like Annie just had. Baden didn’t look around at his friend, he just peered out the window watching his life ride away in the arms of another.
“If it is known that I love her then she will always be at risk,” he said solemnly. “This way she may have a chance.”
“Well, it looks as if she is in caring hands,” Stewart commented trying to comfort him but failing. “That Jory is brave to risk his life as he did.”
“Yes,” Baden agreed, annoyed that he himself was impressed. “There certainly is something different about him.”
Baden went to his library and closed the door. He sat down and remembered what it felt like to have Annie next to him and he smelled the front of his shirt so he could smell her. Overcome with sorrow he let his head fall against the chair and started to try and mediate the pain. He thought even with eternity to attempt the feeling of normalcy it didn’t feel like it would be quite long enough. And he knew it wouldn’t be.

CHAPTER 26:

When they all got home they took Annie to her room and laid her on her bed. She had been quiet for the whole ride home and they were concerned. They stood around her bed and offered her food and water, suggesting for her to get up and move around. When she didn’t respond to any of their prompts they looked to Adam.
“I do not know what happened,” he said twisting his hands nervously. “I was under the impression that it was all going to be pleasant.” They could see he was being truthful and found themselves unsure of what to do next.
“I want to speak with Jory alone, please,” Annie asked staring off into nothing. Jory looked at everyone before Martha led Adam and Everard out the door closing it behind them.
Jory moved around the bed and laid down next to her and finally she looked at his face. He brushed away the strands of hair that were stuck to her cheek from the tears and tried not to let his own pain get in the way of comforting her.
“Annie,” he whispered her name gently. “Tell me, what happened.” Silent tears fell down her face and they were worse than the tears accompanied by cries.
“He does not want me, Jory,” she said through her pain. “He said he was trying to steal my soul the whole time.” She paused for a moment as if it hurt too much to go on. “He said it was all nothing.” She buried her head into his neck and let it all spill out. Her throat hurt from the crying and her eyes burned from the tears but no matter how much she tried to stop herself from crying she couldn’t.
Jory held her until she fell into a fitful sleep that found her no peace. When he was sure she was asleep he carefully crept off the bed then ran down the stairs.
“Jory,” Everard yelled as he saw his brother run past the opened door of the library. He jumped up from his seat and followed Jory as he hurried. “Where are you going?” Everard asked.
Jory ignored him and ran outside in a furious anger. He jumped onto one of the horses that had not yet been unsaddled and kicked it into a sprint. Everard stopped himself from going after him. It was obvious Jory needed some time alone and there was nothing he could do for his brother. Everard went back to Adam and Martha in the library who sat there in question.
“Where did he go?” Adam asked. Everard took a look behind him then turned back to them.
“I have no idea,” he said. Martha stood and went to her love.
“It will all turn out fine,” she assured him not really knowing for sure what was going to happen.
Jory sped through the dark not struggling to see. He was so enraged at Baden, he couldn’t believe that any creature could do that to Annie. They had to be the most heartless excuse of an existence and he could not sit back and let Annie take that. Remembering the way easily, he arrived at the house in record time, jumping off his mount before he came to a complete stop. He tied the horse up to the nearest tree and stormed up to the house. Oddly enough there were lamps lit, which was strange because neither of the occupants needed it.
Jory barged through the door not caring who was in there and what they could do to him. He came upon a startled Stewart who froze in surprise at the unexpected visitor.
“Where is Baden?” Jory demanded. Stewart just pointed to the library door not really knowing what else to do.
Jory burst through the door he was shown and found Baden sitting down next to the fire. Baden jumped to his feet and took a quick glance behind the intruder half hoping Annie was in tow. He was let down soon enough. Jory stopped abruptly when he saw Baden for the first time, he was bigger than he expected him to be.
“I am assuming you are Jory?” Baden asked calmly walking over to the unnecessary fire hoping it would warm his soul.
He had promised himself not to let the fire go out because Annie had been there when it was lit. He knew it was stupid but it made him feel closer to her. He purposely kept lamps alight because of she were there with him she would need them lit.
“Who do you think you are?” Jory asked in disgust. Baden didn’t bother looking up to him, he didn’t have to answer to this juvenile.
“You do realise I could kill you?” Baden said as if it wouldn’t faze him to do so. Stewart came to the door to watch the interaction out of curiosity. Jory registered he had come over but did nothing else to acknowledge his presence.
“Have you ever thought I may be able to kill you?” Jory threatened only half believing it. Baden looked over to him as if he were foolish.
“You do know who I am, do you not?” Baden asked and before Jory could say anything Baden was standing in front of him, invading his personal space.
“Do you know who I am?” Jory asked and Baden started to piece the puzzle together.
“May I ask, does Annie know who you are?” Baden asked thinking of what he might be encountering. He wasn’t fearful of Jory at all but he was interested in who was going to be spending time with Annie and the secrets they were keeping.
Baden studied Jory’s soul and it was unlike any other creatures he had seen. Baden was sure he had deduced what it was, and he wished he could use it as an excuse to hate Jory but he couldn’t. Just because Jory was different didn’t make him bad, in fact he had one of the most genuine souls there was. Minus a few failings here and there. But overall he was good and that angered Baden even more.
“I am here to tell you that you are a pathetic excuse of an existence,” Jory said ignoring Baden’s epiphany about him. “You are the most senseless, ridiculous thing to ever be created. It was a miracle that she even looked your way and you gave it up as if it was nothing. If you had any value I would feel sick right now but because you are worthless I just feel sorry for you, Baden,” Jory spat the words and before he finished his tirade Baden grabbed the front of Jory’s shirt in his fists and slammed him into the nearest wall. Jory didn’t feel scared at all he was just glad he had angered Baden.
“Do you not think I know that, boy?” Baden hissed into his face. “I sit here alone, dreaming of holding her. Every second that passes just breaks my heart one more pace but I love her enough to let her go.” Jory’s face dropped in astonishment and as Baden’s anger drained away from him he loosened his grip, eventually letting go altogether. He turned away from Jory so he couldn’t see how much it actually hurt him.
“Then why would you put her through all of this?” Jory asked not understanding how he could be so brutal. Baden looked back at him as if he was stupid and Stewart remained silent.
“Me loving her makes her a target for everyone that has a grudge against me,” Baden said thinking he hated the sight of Jory. “And as you must know that list it quite extensive.”
“So you love her but you are trying to protect her?” Jory asked realising what he had missed.
“You are sharp,” Baden said sarcastically. Jory might have been happy that Baden was stepping aside and giving him a free pathway to Annie if she wasn’t in so much pain. “Do not tell her,” Baden said studying Jory in his silence, seeing where his mind was going.
“Trust me, I will not be the one telling her something that would ensure she kept her feelings for you alive,” Jory promised not caring what Baden would think of it.
“What a perfect opportunity for such a noble man as yourself,” Baden said sardonically.
“I am not looking to replace or steal anything,” Jory defended himself. “But I seem to be the choice that would almost guarantee her safety.”
Baden nodded his head as if he wanted to say something but decided not to. The three men stood in silence as they all took in the new developments.
“Well, this seems to be a rather entangled quandary,” Stewart remarked and they both looked at him as if to say, seriously? Not seeing any reason left to stay Jory turned without a word to leave the house.
“Do not hurt her,” Baden called his warning before Jory had left the room. With a steely gaze Jory turned to face the most infamous soul snatcher to ever exist.
“I would never dare to do what you have done so well yourself,” Jory said and left before anything else could be said. He jumped on his horse and sped back to the house where Annie was, where his everything was.
“Well,” Stewart said in his casual way. “He is a strange one.” Baden slowly walked up and shut the library door in his face. Stewart couldn’t help but laugh at the typical action of his brooding friend. He left him to himself and went about his own business wondering how this would all turn out.
If there was anything that life had taught Stewart it was; just because it feels like it’s over, doesn’t mean it is.

CHAPTER 27:

Days passed and they turned into weeks with Jory keeping Baden’s secret from Annie. Every time he looked into her face and saw the painful brokenness he had to restrain himself from taking it away. Telling her may remedy her pain temporarily but it could cause her harm in the future and the scary thing was Annie would find it worth it.
Adam stayed with them at the manor not having any other place to go and they were happy to have him. He had slipped in well with their little family and he felt like he had finally found a home.
One warm afternoon Adam took the invitation from Everard and Martha to go into town to buy some new clothes. He had no money but they kindly offered to pay for him. After Jory assured them that he and Annie would be fine the three of them were off.
Jory left Annie in her room and went to the kitchen to make her something to eat because she hadn’t eaten properly since Baden had pushed her away. He was dressed in casual pants and a black slip-shirt so he didn’t mind if it got messy whilst he cooked. He simply rolled up his sleeves for preparation.
When he was part way through his preparation he heard her in the dining room. When he heard the sound of a glass smashed he went to her aid and found her clumsily trying to clean up her mess.
She was crouching down grabbing at the shards of glass, her feet amongst it. Her white day dress was thin and the hem of it was starting to soak up some of the liquid that was spilt on the floor.
“Here, let me,” Jory offered as he ushered away from the spill. “You will cut yourself if you clean it up like that.”
Annie tried to stand and move away from the incident but stumbled. Jory caught her before she fell back and hit her head on the table nearby. She started laughing at nothing in particular as he held her close.
“Jory, you are such a silly boy,” she said and her warm breath blew over his face
“And you are so drunk.” He realised as he smelled it on her breath. He struggled to keep her upright as she squirmed and swayed in his arms.
“Who cares?” She blurted out, brushing it off as if she couldn’t care less. Which she obviously didn’t at this time.
“As long as this is not an ongoing occurrence then I am happy to let you have your fun,” he warned. As he looked into her eyes, past the glassiness he could see that she was sad.
“Rory,” she misspoke and slurred his name then laughed at the sound of it. “J-ory,” she tried again getting it right this time. “I have never been drunk in my strife, I mean life!”
“That much is obvious,” he muttered under his breath as he righted her and stepped away to see if she was fine to stand on her own.
“And I will never again be so drunk, if…” She proclaimed as she picked up another glass that sat on the side table next to a decanter of liquor.
Clumsily she poured some more for herself. Most of the liquid fell around the cup opposed to in it but she eventually filled it.
“You drink with me,” she offered as she held her glass out like she was about to toast. He grabbed the cup and skulled the contents before she could drink it. He winced as the alcohol ran down his throat and burned all the way down.
“Happy?” He asked as he grabbed a napkin and laid it over the broken glass on the floor.
“No.” She hiccupped. “That was my drink.” She poured herself another in the same fashion and he again stole it and drank it. “Excuse you!” She said then burst into giggles as the warmth of the liquor flowed through her. He couldn’t help but smile at her cuteness.
“Annie, why do you think you need this to feel consoled?” He asked watching her poor yet another drink.
“I do not!” She declared before he stole her drink again, devouring it for the third time. “However, I think I was…I mean I thought I was?” She paused trying to think of how to speak. “I was finding myself with nothing to do and here I am!” She explained not making much sense. She knew there was something wrong with her sentence but gave up trying to figure it out.
“So,” Jory said thinking of a compromise. “Just tonight we will let ourselves go?” He bargained as he felt lightness in his head and a tingle over his body from the alcohol he had already downed.
“Presly,” she said. “Prescizly,” she tried again.
“Precisely!” They announced in chorus and both laughed at the silliness of it. Jory let her pour two more drinks and they drank them together, racing to see who finished first. The dropped their empty glasses to the table once they were done and looked at each other eagerly.
“You cheat!” She accused not believing he could drink faster than she could.
“Cheat?” He pretended to be indignant from her comment. She laughed at the funny face he was pulling and he lost his composure with her.
“Wait,” she said silencing them both. “I have such a fun dear. I mean idea.” Before she explained she ran up the stairs and he followed.
They tripped and stumbled along the way but that made it all the more fun. Annie managed to get to the top of the stairs first and she ran into her room. She threw herself onto the bed and climbed up onto it as if it was unforgiving terrain. Jory watched from the door not really knowing what she was doing. Then she started jumping on the bed. He suddenly realised her idea and deciding it was well worth the effort he ran, summersaulting onto the bed.
Jory’s impact flung Annie higher than she could actually bounce and she came crashing down on top of him. She landed with her knee to his gut and she sobered up for a moment in fear that she hurt him. When he started laughing in earnest she relaxed and fell beside him on the bed, resting from the energy she had exuded.
“Do not worry, Annie,” he said taking her hand. “You will mend.” His voice was soft and his words almost comforted her. She sat up and looked down at him, brushing away a stray strand of hair from his forehead.
“That was a lovely thing for you to say, my Jory,” she said adding playful ownership to his name. He tangled their hands together trying to think what his life would be like without her, he could only deduce that it would be dull and useless.
“I know it may seem like the end,” Jory added, wanting to make her feel better. “But this may be something new for you, Annie. A beginning…”
Annie looked at his face as he studied her hand and felt warm inside, partly from the alcohol and partly from his words. She thought how handsome he looked, hair all askew and cheeks all rosy from the liquor. He made her feel better when everything else felt endlessly miserable. He sat up and faced her, liking the way she looked just sitting there.
“Tell me,” Jory said. “What are you thinking?” She looked at his lips then back to his eyes and not knowing what made her do it, or the reason behind it, she leaned in and kissed him.
Jory’s lips were warm and tasted like sugar and alcohol. Annie slipped her arms around his neck and he in turn slid his arms around her waist. He pulled her against him and their bodies felt warm against the other. He fell back onto the bed, she falling with him, and they bounced a little before they settled. She straddled him so she could get nearer to him.
Her lips felt more amazing than he could have ever imagined and kissing her felt more right than anything ever had in his life. Their kisses became more intense and the need to drink each other in became almost an obsession. He curled his hand into the back of her hair and gripped her backside so she pushed even closer to him.
Annie had to stop herself from thinking of Baden, he had rejected her. In fact, he had never wanted her to begin with. So she kissed Jory with a vengeance. He started to taste sweeter and sweeter the more she kissed him. His warm breath that trickled into her mouth and through her sent a shiver down her spine and she wanted more of it. Their kisses became urgent and soon enough simple kisses weren’t sufficient to appease the hunger that was rising within them. It demanded more and so they had no choice but to obey it.
Jory started to lift her dress higher against her legs and she didn’t protest. She took his queue and started to unbutton his shirt frantically. She could feel how much he wanted her and even though she wanted someone else more she did want him more than she thought she would.
In record time she had his shirt off and thrown across the room, where it landed in a lifeless heap. When she saw his broad, bare chest she took a moment to take it in. Running her hands along his skin it sent a fire through him and he pulled her to him. He picked her up, carefully spinning her onto the mattress underneath him. The skirt of her dress fell up along her thighs and she wrapped her legs around his waist. The desire in her gained momentum and she pulled him close, kissing him with a fierceness she thought she had lost.
He tickled his hands up along her legs and she couldn’t stop the shiver that escaped. He looked at her with a knowing smile and it made her feel like he was in control, and she liked it. His lips trailed down to her chest and she willingly began to untie her dress.
As Jory watched the simple action it caused him pause. This was a very intimate moment they were about to have and only a matter of hours ago she was trying to drown her pain from losing the love of someone else…someone she wanted. Someone that still wanted her.
He gently stopped her from undressing and she looked up to him in question. He realised that, even though he wanted this with every part of his being, he knew now wasn’t the time. After a battle between his feelings and his mind, reluctantly he moved away from her and sat on the edge of the bed.
“Do you not want to?” She asked in breathless confusion as she moved to sit next to him.
“You have no idea how much I want to,” he said finding it hard to hold onto his rational thought. He didn’t look at her otherwise he would lose himself. “I really, really, really, want to,” he emphasised. She smiled at how obvious it was in his face that he wanted to.
“So?” She asked starting to see the sense in it for herself. A hint of guilt climbing into her.
“I think you would agree that now is not the right time to be taking this kind of leap in our…this,” he tried to say delicately. He didn’t want to call it a relationship but he didn’t have a word for it so he indicated between them with a hand gesture. She nodded knowing that he was right and before they could say anything else they heard the others return.
“I might go down and clean up the mess we made downstairs,” she said not really feeling embarrassed like she thought she would. She stood up and walked to the door. When she realised he wasn’t following she turned to him with a questioning look.
“I will be down in a few moments,” he said. With a cheeky smile cast his way she left the room trying to push away the growing guilt.
She shouldn’t feel bad to Baden, he was cruel and had hurt her. She had every right to move on. She didn’t realise that part of her guilt came from the fact she had just used Jory to make herself feel wanted.
When Annie was gone Jory fell face down on the bed and yelled into the mattress, thankful that it muffled his voice. He knew that he couldn’t take Annie’s affection when he knew that Baden still cared for her because he knew that she still loved him too. In time that might change but for now it was not fair on either of them for him to let that happen again.
When he was settled enough he went down stairs feeling like he had made the right choice, even though his body was scolding him for it.
One day they would get their moment and with each passing moment he believed it more and more.

CHAPTER 28:

Annie and Jory were avoiding having to approach the awkward subject of their near miss the other night and both found it easier to pretend it never happened, for now at least. So they were back to being their usual friends status, except Annie regretted that she had let it go that far and Jory sometimes couldn’t believe that he hadn’t let it go further.
With more time on her hands than she could cope with. It came to the point where Annie was driving herself insane as she replayed every moment she shared with Baden over and over again in her mind. Maybe she was being ridiculous? Maybe she was too young to be able to recognise love? The more she thought about it the more she moved out of her sadness and into the belief that he had to be lying. Surely? Baden had multiple opportunities to steal her soul but he hadn’t. He had been gentle with her and shared himself with her and she started to refuse to believe it wasn’t true.
Unwittingly, Jory’s intense attention towards her and their moment filled with passion had started off the seed of doubt in Annie’s mind that Baden might actually feel something for her. If Jory could want her like he had in that moment of weakness then why couldn’t Baden? Was it that far-fetched?
Annie laid on her bed one day musing over these very things when Jory came in. With his sweet smile and caring face he walked over to her, standing next to the bed instead of sitting on it like he would have before.
“Martha and Everard are off to town to see a play,” he said. “Would you like to go with them?” He asked, hands in his pockets and head tilted to see her better.
“What is Adam going to do?” She asked casually as a plan started to form in her mind. Martha came in at that moment to ask Annie what Jory already had. She was dressed beautifully in an extravagant emerald green dress, perfect for the theatre.
“He is staying here,” Jory informed after he turned back around from looking at Martha.
“Are you going to join us, Annie?” Martha asked moving past Jory, sitting on the bed next to her friend. Annie worked over in her mind a plan that she thought was reasonable but it meant that she had to get Jory out of the house.
“Uh…” Annie waited a moment looking to Martha wishing she could somehow conspire with her. “I think I may just rest here for the night.”
“Then I will stay,” Jory said immediately.
“No!” Annie spoke a little too adamantly. They both looked at her and she tried to relax and act natural. “I mean, you have not been out in so long,” she reasoned with a small smile. “Adam is here and we will be fine,” she insisted. “You should go.”
“But I would rather stay here with you,” Jory said. Martha could see where this was going. She could see that Annie wanted space from Jory for whatever reason and she was happy to help with achieving that.
“No, Jory,” Martha demanded stepping in. She stood up as if this would help assert her authority. “You will join Everard and I, and Annie will have a relaxing night in with our Adam.” Martha had taken a liking to Adam immediately and saw him as a son as she saw Annie as a daughter.
Martha took Jory’s arm and led him towards the door before he could say anything in protest. She gave a quick glance to Annie who mouthed ‘thank you’ to her intuitive friend. Martha gave her a quick grin and a wink before Jory was reluctantly pulled out the door and away from the room.
It had taken Martha and Everard a great deal of trouble to convince Jory to go with them and in the end he had to be forced against his will but they eventually left. Annie waited until she was sure they were gone before she went into action. She quickly threw on her tan leather pants, white peasant shirt and black leather vest. She had actually liked the outfit so much that she had Antoinette make a few more for her because she actually preferred to wear that than a dress, much to Antoinette’s dismay. Of course there were some fun colours that Antoinette had insisted on adding to the collection and Annie hadn’t worn yet.
Annie laced her knee-high leather boots tightly before she ran down stairs to find Adam. She wanted her hair braided but couldn’t do it herself so she plaited it quickly instead. She rushed into the library and stopped when he looked up from reading a book and stared at her as if he were startled. He looked rather settled in his armchair by the unlit fireplace.
“Annie,” Adam said standing up and dropping the book he had in his lap. “What on earth are you doing?” She saw that he was dressed in dinner pants and a clean white shirt. Which she thought was perfect because he wouldn’t even have to get changed. It was starting to get dark outside and they needed all the time they could get.
“Adam, tonight we are going on an adventure,” she declared. He looked at her puzzled as she walked over and looped her arms in his. “We are going out tonight and it will be our little secret,” she explained as she forced him to walk with her.
“And what will we be doing?” He asked not thinking it was a good idea to leave the manor. She stopped when they reached the back door in the kitchen that led out to the barn.
“We are going to visit Baden,” she enlightened and he looked at her as if she had lost her mind.
“Not intending to bring up any past hurts,” he said trying to tread delicately. “But I do not find it advisable if the last visit is anything to go by.” He saw the pain wash over her face but it was soon covered by determination.
“Adam, I need to do this,” she said looking at him pleadingly. “Please.”
He looked around the room as if to find support from something but he was left alone and unsure of what to do. When he was human he had always been taught to obey and even though he was stronger than Annie he still had a gentle obedience in him. And of course she was older than him, even if it was only by a couple of years. Seeing that she was not about to give in he rolled his eyes and gave in instead.
“Fine,” he said and she threw her arms around him, giving him the strongest hug she had in her.
Annie took his hand and they ran to the barn, her excitement becoming almost overwhelming. She had decided to ride with Adam as it would be faster than saddling another horse and she felt safer with him. She rode on the back of the saddle, holding him tight around the waist and using him as a comfort for her fears.
They made their way through the dark and her stomach tied itself into knots from fear and nerves. Every sound she heard caused her to jump and Adam couldn’t help but laugh.
“Adam,” she said trying to hide a smile and cover her fright at the same time. “You are meant to make me feel safer not laugh at my unease.”
“I will let you know of any danger I sense well in advance,” he offered and she could hear the smile in his voice.
“No need to worry of real danger,” she said. “I will die of fright well before it comes.” Adam couldn’t help but laugh outright and she gave him a playful slap on the arm. All of a sudden they had formed a lovely friendship that was the beginning of a familial bond between them.
Their silence was comfortable as they rode and it gave Annie a moment to become curious about Adam.
“May I ask you something?” She said out of the blue.
“Of course.” He was quick to please.
“Where did you come from?” She didn’t mean to sound rude, she was just curious about his background.
Adam took a moment to gather his story together in his mind. He skilfully held the reins of the horse and directed it confidently without really thinking about it.
“I grew up on the street as a young boy,” he recounted without emotion. “And when I was eight I was stolen off the street and sold.” Annie was holding her breath as he told his story. Her heart ached for him. “I was bought by a wealthy gentleman who had never had a son. He decided to clean me up and bring me up as a gentleman.” Adam paused for a moment.
“Was he terrible?” Annie whispered the question. Adam’s laughter surprised her.
“No, he was kind,” he answered. “He was emotionally distant but he was fair. I lived with him up until…”
“You were changed?” She guessed and he just nodded. She couldn’t see him clearly but she still got the picture. “How were you…changed?”
“Can I be candid with you?” He asked and she thought it was a strange thing to say.
“What do you mean?” Annie wondered trying to look up and see his face to no avail.
“I am not the strongest snatcher and I cannot usually see souls,” he began to explain. “But I can see yours for some reason and I am guessing that most snatchers would be able to also.”
“…Oh…” Is all she could say.
“And I see that there is something unique about you,” he admitted. “The fact that I can see your soul says something, let alone the quality I see in you.” She smiled and was grateful that Adam had come into their life. “And what I see says that I will be able to trust you…” She wasn’t sure where this was going but decided to go along with it.
“Certainly,” she promised.
“What I am about to tell you is something that I have never told anyone else before…” he confessed and it started to worry her. The last time she was told a transformation story her life was put in danger for knowing it but she deduced that the same thing wouldn’t happen in this case…hopefully.
“There is always room for a first,” she commented trying to take the pressure off him.
“When I was changed I did not see who it was that changed me but…” he paused recalling the moment. “I heard people talking. I know a man had bitten me but after it happened a woman came along and seemed to become angry with him for doing so. After he had left she picked me up and took me to Stewart. I assume because she could carry me for quite a distance that she was no ordinary human.” Annie listened intently as he told the story. “On the way I woke before my heart completely stopped beating and looked up at her. I could barely see her face but she assured me everything would turn out for the best as long as I did what she told me. She instructed me not to tell anyone of our encounter and to stay close to Stewart, abandoning the life I once knew whilst ensuring I did not lose myself to my new form…she said that one day I would help with something special. I cannot be sure but I think we are wrapped up in it as we speak.”
“Do you remember anything about what she looked like?” Annie asked in wonder of the kind stranger.
“It was night when I was taken but the only thing I remember is that she looked bright…like a flame. And when I awoke she was gone and I found flecks of golden dust on my shirt, unlike anything else I have ever seen.” he reminisced. “I never knew her but I think she had been watching over me.”
“Why did you tell me that story when she told you to keep it a secret?” Annie asked her new friend.
“Because I think you are that something special,” he answered. “It is as if she knew our stories would become entwined.” He may not have been a bright boy but he had an intuition that others lacked. “Do you promise to keep my secret?” He asked again just to be sure.
“Yes Adam, I will keep your secret,” she vowed. She didn’t think he was right when it came to her being part of whatever it was he was looking for but she would keep his secret forever.
After a long journey in the dark they came up slowly to the house. It was lit as it had been when Jory had arrived and Annie was grateful for that. Adam helped her off the horse and tied it to a tree. He stood there waiting for her to do something.
“Are you going to move?” He asked looking at her.
“Yes,” she answered. She stood completely still just staring at the house trying to breathe properly.
He could see her hesitation and fear. It was clear that she truly loved Baden because right now she was risking her very life on the off chance he may have been lying and truly wasn’t the beast he had proven himself to be.
“You know, Annie,” Adam said wanting to help her in some way. “I would not have brought you here if I believed you were walking into danger.” He threw the comment out to encourage her. She looked to him and though it was hard to see with only the dim glow of the house lights to show his face, she could see he was being honest.
“So you believe he still cares?” She asked feeling the hope rise further in her soul.
“I can only deduce from what I have seen,” he said. “And from what I have seen I do not think he is indifferent when it comes to you.”
“Why have you not told me this sooner?” She asked looking at him in disbelief.
“Just because I say it does not make it true,” he reasoned. “Who am I to come to you when you are broken and give you hope when I am not sure of the truth?”
“So you think he does not care? She asked confused.
“I am saying I do not know,” he said.
“Well, thank you for clearing that up,” she remarked sarcastically and he couldn’t help but smile.
“Shall we?” He offered, extending his arm.
“You are coming in?” She asked taking his arm and feeling comforted by it.
“I could not call myself a gentleman if I let you walk in on your own,” he reasoned and started them off walking.
Baden heard the footsteps approach the house and he came out of the library to listen, as did Stewart. He had known as soon as Annie and Adam had arrived but he thought they might just leave. He and Stewart looked at each other in confusion as their visitors walked closer then stopped outside the door.
“Who is it?” Stewart asked hoping Baden knew. Baden’s soul stirred within him because he knew exactly who it was.
“It is Adam… and Annie,” Baden whispered frantically. Stewart looked dumbfound and they stood there staring at each other not knowing what to do.
Before there was time to concoct a plan the door was pushed open and Annie came through first, Adam in tow. She paused when she saw Baden there but decided to ignore him. She had a plan and she had to execute it properly to get the truth. She walked straight past Baden trying to ignore him the best she could and marched herself right up to Stewart. She stood in front of his tall stature giving the fiercest look she could. He stood there stunned into speechlessness.
“Good evening Stewart,” she greeted kindly with a smile. “I am here to visit you.”
All three men were shocked by the unexpected turn of events and Stewart looked to the others as if they could help him answer. Baden grabbed Adam by the shirt and pulled him into the library, closing the door behind him.
“Why did you bring her here?” Baden asked, keeping his tone soft so Annie couldn’t hear. Adam looked flustered from the confusing situation but regained his composure as quickly as he could.
“I…Annie asked me to,” he explained as if it would be obvious. “She has been mourning for too long and she decided to come here.”
“That is when you say no,” Baden said finding it hard to think of anything other than the fact Annie was in the next room.
“I am sorry but if I had said no she would have attempted to come here alone,” he defended believing that he had done the right thing.
Adam tried to hide the stress he felt from the situation and Baden was too distracted to notice it. Since living with his new friends Adam had started to become more confident within himself, thanks to the encouragement and support of Everard and Martha.
“Would you prefer that she wander in the dark when there are so many fascinated by her?” Adam asked pointedly.
“You have made your point,” Baden said feeling frustrated that his plan had backfired but also bathing in the rapture of seeing Annie. He looked around the room for a moment trying to think of what on earth he could do. “You cannot tell her,” he said.
“If that is what you want then I will not,” Adam agreed. “But she is quite determined.”
Annie stood in front of Stewart who stood there looking at her awkwardly. Should he say something? What was going on?
“You seem much more approachable than you did a few weeks ago,” Annie said in a matter of fact tone, feeling good that at least that part seemed to be untrue.
“Well…” Stewart was stumped and decided not to say anything else. She walked down the hall, taking a seat at the humble dining table and looked at him as if ordering him to sit. He quickly submitted, sitting across from her. He started twiddling his fingers as he looked around trying to keep himself out of trouble.
Adam came out of the room with Baden close behind him before Annie could start her conversation with Stewart. Baden walked up to Annie and looked down into her face. She looked up feeling every bit in control of the situation. The sight of her took his breath away and he had to pause for a moment whilst he regained himself. However much he tried to push her soul from all his senses it was no use, they overpowered him regardless of his strength.
“You must leave,” Baden demanded trying to keep his resolve to not have her in danger because of him. Annie’s confidence wavered slightly but she held onto the small glimpse of hope that he was lying.
“Well Baden, I am here to visit Stewart,” she said looking over to the man himself before looking back to Baden. “So feel free to do whatever it was you were doing before I came here.” Baden stood there measuring her. He almost reached out and touched her face but stopped himself just in time. He turned and forced himself to walk away though it felt like the most unnatural thing he could do. When he had gone back into his room, Annie hid her disappointment and continued with her plan.
“Stewart, tell me about yourself,” she said. Adam took a seat next to her and settled in for the long haul. Stewart looked between them finding the whole situation comical.
“What would you like to know?” Stewart asked seeing why Annie was so liked by people. There was something rather special about her. She leaned forward and grinned mischievously at him.
“Everything,” she encouraged.
Baden sat in the room the whole time listening to every word that was spoken. He leaned his back against the door and tried to be as close to Annie as possible without her knowing. Every second of not touching her was like an itch that went unscratched and the more he tried to ignore it the more prominent it became. Just when he thought he had no resolve left and started to see cracks in his well thought out plan he heard them rise from their seats and start to leave.
As Annie walked past the room she knew Baden was in she looked at the door as if she would be able to see through it if she tried and hoped hard enough. Stewart and Adam exchanged a glance, agreeing silently that this was all ridiculous.
“Well,” Stewart said when they made it to the door. “It was fascinating meeting you, Annie. Have a safe journey home.”
“We will,” she replied with a smile. “We will see you again in a few days.” As she started to walk out the door with Adam she heard Baden storm out of the room. She turned in surprise and watched him come up to them seeming angered by something.
“You cannot come back here,” he demanded as he stood in front of her. She and Adam were just outside the door with the invisible barrier between them.
“I think I can,” she disagreed, hoping to make him slip up.
“You cannot travel here in the dark as you do,” Baden advised sternly. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
“Why? Do you care?” She asked feeling she had found a small victory to be pleased with. Baden looked to Stewart who stood there staring at him not knowing how he could help at all.
“No,” Baden lied looking back to her. “I just thought it might help deter you from coming here and irritating me any further.” He walked away before he could see the hurt play across her face. If he saw her pain there would be no way he could keep up the act.
Adam, Stewart and Annie stood there in silence. Stewart felt horrible when he saw the glimmer of tears show in her eyes and wondered how she could stand it. She blinked them away and gathered herself together.
“We shall see you soon,” she said to Stewart before her and Adam turned to leave. When they had ridden away Stewart closed the door and turned to see that Baden was standing right behind him.
“Do not encourage her,” Baden cautioned angrily.
“I have done no such thing,” he said trying to hide a smile. He walked around Baden and headed for his own space to avoid a lecture.
“You are,” Baden accused following him. “I heard the fun you were having talking. She will come back.” Stewart stopped and turned to Baden who stopped in sync with him.
“She will come back regardless of what any of us do,” Stewart reasoned. “She will always come back because of you.” Baden remained silent at the words and felt elated that he would see Annie again. It was a difficult fight between his heart and his head and at the moment they were evenly matched.
“I cannot have that,” Baden said refusing to give into his selfishness.
“I do not think you have a choice in the matter,” Stewart answered, turning around and walking away.
Baden went to the library and closed the door. He sat down and relived his new memories of Annie that had just been made and it comforted him. He felt lighter and more alive knowing that she was coming back. He would see her again soon.
“I must say Adam,” Annie said trying to lift her spirits on the ride home. “You have become more at ease in your own skin.”
“I have,” he said smiling to himself. There was a short silence for a time.
“Thank you,” she said with more gratitude than she had ever felt towards anyone.
“You are welcome, Annie,” he said feeling pleased that he could help her step away from her misery for a time.
They rode up to the manor and put the horse in the barn. As they made their way up to the house Adam suddenly stopped and listened.
“What is it?” Annie asked looking around vainly in the dark.
“They are arriving home from town,” he said grabbing her hand and pulling her up to the house. They started laughing from the fun of it as they burst through the door. They paused for a moment to try and think of what to do.
“You look perfect,” Annie said inspecting him from head to foot.
“You look rather dishevelled,” he appraised not meaning to be rude. “Freshen up and I will stall Jory.”
“Why not the others?” She asked curiously.
“I think he will be the only one adamant to see you,” he said and she hadn’t realised that it was that obvious to everyone but her. “Go,” Adam encouraged and she shot off upstairs before she could think about it any further.
All she knew was that she was going to see Baden again and that’s all she cared about.

CHAPTER 29:

Annie heard Jory trying to make his way up the stairs and Adam doing everything he could to deter him. She raced through getting dressed into one of her more modest nightgowns and jumped on the bed settling herself there just before Jory walked through the door. Her face was a little flustered and she was short of breath as she tried to keep the smile off her face. Adam came running in after him and stopped when he saw he had done his job. She gave Adam a quick smile and he gave a slight nod before he left.
Jory’s suit looked rather nice on him, even though he had loosened his collar, rolled up his sleeves and removed his jacket as soon as he walked in the house.
“Did you enjoy the play?” Annie asked trying to sound interested. Jory walked over to the bed looking at her trying to gauge what was out of place. He stopped in the middle of the room to inspect her from a distance.
“It was rather dull,” he answered not being able to place anything but knowing something was different.
“Jory, you do need to learn how to have some fun,” she teased trying to sound playful. He walked over and stopped just short of the edge of the bed. He bent down and rested his hands on the mattress, looking at her closely.
“You seem rather cheerful,” he said suspiciously. She swallowed hard and tried to keep eye contact with him.
“Annie, how are you?” Martha asked walking through the door and interrupting the interrogation.
Martha ignored the disgruntled look Jory gave her and sat down next to Annie pushing his hands aside. He righted himself and walked out seeming put off by something.
Jory walked down and searched the house until he found Adam. He was in the library with Everard and both of them men watched as Jory made his way up to Adam.
“What did you and Annie do this evening?” Jory asked eyeing him.
“Jory, you are being ridiculous,” Everard said giving his brother a stern look that went unwitnessed as Jory kept staring at his target.
“I can assure you we had a pleasant night in,” Adam retorted standing his ground. Jory knew there was something they were keeping from him he just didn’t know what or why.
“We shall see,” Jory murmured before leaving the room.
“What on earth was that about?” Everard asked staring to where Jory had just been.
“I must say, I do not know,” Adam lied deciding not to be concerned about it. If Jory was too blind to see he was coming up a very far second then he was setting himself up for a fall.
So Annie waited and she waited for a perfect time to sneak away with Adam again. She was not spending as much time with Jory and she was spending more and more time with Adam. In fact, Annie went back to sleeping in her own room and for the first time in a long time she didn’t feel so alone…because she knew Baden loved her. At night Adam would sit outside her room reading a book, guarding her without complaint. This irritated Jory to no end, so he would just sit there at night scrutinizing Adam, who would wisely just ignore his audience. Jory would sit there until he became so angry he would storm off to his own room to be alone.
Martha and Everard could tell it was only a platonic relationship forming between them but Jory wasn’t so sure. He was becoming increasingly uncomfortable with whatever it was that was going on but there was nothing he could do about it. He and Annie were not in a relationship and he had no right to be feeling that way. Annie felt guilty that she was hiding something from Jory but she knew he would never approve of what she and Adam were doing. She tried to act the same around Jory as she always had but it was hard when she was keeping something from him.
The more Annie urged Jory to join Everard and Martha when they went into town the more he refused. One day she sought out Martha to confide in. She found her in her room gathering some needle work to do.
“Martha,” she said as she came in and sat on her bed. “I have a problem.” Martha put down the things she had been gathering and sat on the bed with Annie, giving her full attention.
“What is it Annie?” Martha asked concerned.
“It is nothing too serious,” she assured her friend. “It is just…” She paused not really wanting to confess her secret. “I need to ask you to help me do something but I cannot tell you exactly why I am asking you to do it.” Martha looked wary but gave her the benefit of the doubt.
“And what would that be?” She asked deciding to hear her out.
“I need to go into town with Adam….” Annie paused for a moment. “Alone.” Martha looked confused for a moment because she knew there was no romantic intention behind the request but there was obviously a reason that wasn’t so obvious.
“I am assuming that if I ask why then I will not be getting an answer?” Martha guessed and Annie gave a small, apologetic smile. “And you would like me to keep Jory from attending,” she deduced realising her part in the plan.
“I know it is rather rude of me to ask you to help when I am not telling you why but I will be safe because I will be with Adam and we will not be doing anything dangerous,” Annie rambled to try and get it all out before she could forget all of her arguments.
“Are you sure you will feel safe enough with Adam?” Martha asked to be careful rather than to frighten Annie.
“I have been to town with Jory alone and he is merely human,” Annie reasoned.
A look came over Martha’s face that made Annie think she was keeping something from her. Annie only recognised the look because she had used it multiple times in the past few days. She had no idea what it could be but there was no point in pushing when she wasn’t willing to give in herself.
“What about Oliver?” Martha asked covering her own secret.
“I do not think he will be bothering us,” Annie replied vaguely. She kept the detail to herself that she knew Oliver would not be going after her because of Taru’s instruction. Both of the women sat there in silence trying to piece the puzzle together but came up short.
“I will help,” Martha conceded seeing how important it was to Annie.
“Thank you.” Annie wrapped her arms around Martha. Now it was only a matter of when she would see Baden again rather than if.
The day came when their plan would come to fruition. Adam had saddled a horse and sat with it around the side of the house waiting for Annie to join him. He made sure he was at the side that didn’t face the barn directly or else that would ruin the plan. He was dressed casually in loose slacks and a peasant shirt.
It was early morning as Annie and Martha sat in the kitchen waiting for Jory to come down. Annie was dressed in a casual sky-blue day dress because it would be too suspicious if she was in her training gear. Her hair was pulled back in a braid and wrapped around her head so it would be out of the way for the ride.
When they heard Jory’s feet hit the stairs they flustered about and tried to look casual. He came through the door and slowed his pace when he saw them.
“Good morning,” he greeted them with a hesitant smile.
“Oh Jory,” Martha said. “Perfect. Are you able to help me with something?”
“Of course,” he accepted without reluctance. “What would you like me to do?”
“One of the horses needs to be reshoed. Are you able to help Everard in the barn?” She requested innocently enough.
“Yes but am I able to eat first?” He asked. The girls looked at each other then quickly got to action making him some breakfast and they whipped up a feast in no time.
They sat anxiously as he took his time to finish. Finally when the last crumb was gone Martha rushed him outside. As soon as he was gone she took Annie around the side to Adam. They jumped onto the horse silently. Because of her dress she had to sit in Adam’s lap this time but that didn’t bother her, they had become quite close recently and she felt even safer with him. Annie blew a kiss to Martha in thanks as they rode off through an overgrown track so as not to be seen.
So Annie and Adam were off and she had never felt so excited in her life until they came into tremendously thick overgrowth on the old, unused track. Leaves and bushes prickled and flicked them in the face as they rode but Adam took the brunt of it without complaint.
“Yet again I must say thank you,” Annie said cuddling her face into Adam’s chest trying to cover herself. She felt rather bad that he had no way to keep himself protected. “You are once again assisting me with no benefit to yourself. In fact it seems to be more detrimental to you than anything.”
“There is no need for thanks,” he said honestly. “I think this is what brothers are meant for.” His words were so endearing that they brought a smile to her face.
“Love you, Adam,” she said and he smiled thinking how grateful he was to have someone like her as part of his life.
“Love you, Annie,” he said reciprocating her affection.
As they rode up to the house hidden away from everything with the warm sun caressing their skin, Stewart and Baden stood in the doorway waiting for them. Baden looked angry but Annie was determined not to let it get to her. As Adam was tethering their ride to the nearest tree she started making her way up to the house. All of a sudden it looked like panic came over Stewart and Baden’s face and it brought her to a pause.
“Get in here, Annie,” Baden demanded as if he was genuinely fearful.
Before she could take another step something collided into her with an almost deadly force. She crashed into the ground and realised she had been tackled by something. As she skidded along the ground trying to gain some kind of bearings she didn’t have time to register the pain. Through glimpses of bright sun in her eyes then her face hitting the grass she managed to see bared teeth and realised it was a snatcher that had her. When they came to a stop she was pinned to the ground with the man straddling her and gripping her wrists. Over the other side of the small space she saw that Adam was fighting against another who had ambushed him.
Everything was crashing through her mind at once. She was fearful that Adam would be hurt or possibly killed and it would be all her fault. She heard Baden and sometimes Stewart yelling threats and directions to her as they stood helplessly in their prison. She thought she heard Baden’s voice break with emotion but she couldn’t turn to see.
“You do look enticing,” her assailant hissed. His voice made her skin crawl as he looked at her as if she was a meal.
Before she had time to scream or even struggle he plunged his face into her neck and bit through her skin. It was painful and overthrew the creeping ache that was coming over her body from being tackled. The feeling was all too familiar and the scream she started to let out was cut short by the pressure on her neck.
Just as the draining feeling came over Annie, Adam slammed into the snatcher atop her. She turned her face to avoid injury but her face was still struck by a knee or a boot or something that was hard enough to scuff her skin and leave a mark.
“Annie, come to me!” Baden’s voice broke through everything around her and she stumbled to her feet, pushing off the ground with her hands to get her started.
She ignored the dizzy feeling and the blackness that was pushing against the sides of her vision. After tripping on a small mound she managed to keep her footing by sheer luck. When it felt like her energy was about to run out she reached the door and collapsed towards it. When she was part way through Baden pulled her into safety and crushed her in his arms. Through the panic and fuss Annie still managed to lose her breath from his touch. After being lost in the rapture of Baden for merely seconds reality reared its ugly head and she remembered Adam.
“Adam!!” She yelled and tried to push away from Baden. Out of shock he didn’t restrain her and she made for the door.
“Annie!” Baden yelled and grabbed her before she made it out.
“Adam needs help,” she said looking over to him in distress as he battled her attacker. She ignored the blood trickling down her neck and staining her dress and the weakness that seemed to be growing by the second.
“Stewart, hold onto her,” Baden demanded and let her go when he knew his friend had her.
He came back in a matter of seconds with a dagger gripped in his hand. The sun glared off it as he lifted it to the side of his head for aim. In a movement too quick for Annie to see he threw the dagger and it looked as if it suddenly appeared in the back of the snatcher that Adam was facing. He fell to the ground quickly and Adam looked over in shock and relief as he realised he wasn’t going to die today.
Everyone turned to Baden who was looking solely at Annie. Adam bent down, pulled the dagger from the dead snatcher and made his way to the house. Stewart let go of Annie and she stepped up to Baden as if in disbelief. A smile slowly crept along her face as she realised she finally had her proof that he truly did love her.
Without another moment of hesitation they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed passionately in the doorway, forgetting everyone else. There was no use in Baden pretending anymore and if he were honest with himself he no longer had the will power to.
Adam and Stewart looked at each other and rolled their eyes. Adam squished past the embracing couple in the doorway.
“It took long enough,” Adam mumbled to Stewart as they walked into the library to give them some privacy.
When Baden and Annie finally came up for air she was still light headed but this time it was from kissing him.
“Never do anything like that for my own good again,” she whispered as she looked up to him.
“I promise,” he said not surprised that she had deduced what his plan had been.
He took her face in his hands and she winced a little from the tenderness of her neck and cheek. Remembering what just happened he gently placed his hand over the wound and the cool touch felt nice against her skin.
“We will get you cleaned up,” Baden assured. He took Annie’s hand and all she could feel was the loveliness of his touch. Not the pain in her neck that had a gaping wound on it.
They went into the Library and found Adam and Stewart in conversation, clean strips of cloth already ripped from some sheets and ready to aid Annie. Baden looked a little surprised at the preparation.
“You were out there for so long we could have written a book,” Stewart dramatically answered the unspoken question on Baden’s face. Stewart walked over to Annie, bent down and gave her a kiss on the cheek that wasn’t bruised. “It is lovely to finally be allowed to meet you.”
She gave him a smile but found it hard to concentrate after everything that had just taken place. They moved and took a seat, Baden pulling Annie into his lap refusing to let them have any space between them any longer.
“Nice aim,” Adam said as he stood up and handed the dagger back to Baden. “Where did you get this?”
“Annie stabbed me with it,” Baden answered as he took the dagger and put it in his pocket. Adam looked at him quizzically. “It is a long story,” he said as he grabbed a strip of material and started dabbing at Annie’s neck gently.
Adam reclaimed his seat and pulled out a dagger like Baden’s only larger. That is what he had used it to kill the other snatcher that had first attacked him.
“Where did you find that?” Stewart asked surprised he had one.
“Not long after I was first changed I witnessed a tracker in an altercation with another snatcher,” Adam started to explain. “He eventually killed the snatcher but this dropped out of his coat as he left. Seeing what it could do I surmised that it would be an ingenious idea to take it.”
“The ingeniousness seems to have been proven correct,” Baden congratulated as he concentrated on cleaning Annie’s neck. When it was as tended to as much as possible he gently stretched a strip of material around her neck and tied it off.
“You did well in the fight,” Stewart complimented Adam. “It seems you have been doing some growing up.” His smile was genuine for his young friend.
“Martha and Everard have taken me under their wing,” Adam redirected the praise humbly. The fondness he had for his new family was obvious on his face.
“I noticed you did not include Jory into the reason,” Baden said irritated. Stewart rolled his eyes and Adam tried to hide the smile as Annie turned to Baden in surprise.
“What do you know of Jory?” She asked curiously.
“Just that he is not what he seems,” Baden answered cryptically. Annie turned to see him better to try and read his face.
“And how would you know what he is?” She asked pushing through his vagueness. Baden looked to the others in the room deciding whether to tell her.
“Jory knew of Baden’s plan,” Stewart interjected seeing no problem in exposing someone else’s secret.
The look that came over Annie’s face was firstly of hurt that someone she thought she was close to had hidden something so important from her then it turned to one of anger. She looked to Baden then to the rest of them as if to find an answer.
“He knew?” She asked no one in particular.
“I told him not to say anything,” Baden said merely for the fact it was the truth.
“What does that matter?” Annie retorted angrily as she stood to try and let out her frustration. Baden kept hold of her hand which stopped her from moving away so she decided to sit back down on his lap.
“I think what we should be focussing on is how to release these two from the house,” Adam suggested, distracting her.
Stewart looked to Baden in question whether to tell them what Taru had told them about escaping but the look on Baden’s face was a deterrent enough for anyone.
So they talked for the rest of the morning and into the afternoon. Baden mostly didn’t say anything, he was content to just sit and hold Annie. He often became distracted by her skin, her hair or laying his ear against her back and listening to her heart beating steadily.
Adam felt good to be spending time with his long-time friend, Stewart and to be getting to know the most infamous snatcher. The most surprising thing was that he was much more subdued than the tales of him. When it came time for them to leave it was with reluctance from all involved but mainly Annie and Baden. Their time together was not long enough but Baden’s desire for Annie to return home safely during the day overrode his selfish desire to have her with him.
They had contemplated having her stay with him but they had no idea who was going to walk through the door so no one wanted to risk it. Better to have her in Martha’s manor where no one could enter unless invited.
When Annie and Adam were well out of sight Baden went and sat in the seat he had been sharing with her. Stewart stood at the door looking at his friend enjoy the memory of his love. When Baden realised he wasn’t alone he looked to Stewart and this time he didn’t scowl.
“Well, there is a look I assume I will become accustomed to,” Stewart said thinking Baden looked like a school boy in love. Baden had nothing to say and after a smile to his friend, Stewart left feeling happy for him.
The only question that was left was how to get out of there without having to sacrifice Annie. Was there even another way? Only time would tell.

CHAPTER 30:

“Annie wait,” Adam called after her as she started to storm out of the barn before he had put the horse away. She ignored his efforts so he gave up on the horse and went after her. He came up beside her and slowed to her pace.
“Adam, I am doing this,” she said without looking at him.
“Confronting someone when you are angry is not advisable in any circumstance,” he tried to reason but she was too irritated to settle down.
Annie burst in the back door and through the kitchen. Adam trailed after her giving her space as she made her way through the house. She eventually found Martha, Everard and Jory in the library involved in a heated discussion when she came in.
“There you are,” Jory said barely holding back his ire.
Everyone was shocked at Annie’s dishevelled state but the tension was too high in the room to remark on it. She was obviously ok and at the moment most of them were trying to diffuse the disorder.
“Jory,” Everard warned, stepping in front of him to stop him from moving. Annie stopped abruptly from the surprise of it, losing some steam from the confusion. Martha came up to her and Adam and started to take them out of the room.
“What were you doing?” Jory yelled at Adam who stood there looking completely bewildered by it all.
Annie refused to move with Martha’s coaxing so Adam also remained where he was behind her.
“It is not me you have to be concerned with,” Adam said holding back his own anger.
“We should leave,” Martha pleaded vainly.
“Jory, control yourself,” Everard demanded seeming to struggle to hold him back.
“How dare you, Jory,” Annie yelled above it all. It was so loud and unexpected that everyone froze and looked at her. Jory looked to her in question.
“How dare I what?” He asked having no idea what she was talking about.
“How dare you not tell me that Baden truly loved me,” she spat the words, stepping towards him. Jory’s face dropped in utter horror as he realised where they had been.
“You took her to him?” Jory shouted at Adam in disgust, shoving against Everard’s restraint. Adam rolled his eyes and folded his arms not caring what Jory thought about it. Martha tried to stop Annie from moving towards Jory but she shrugged her arm away and moved to him.
“Do not ignore the fact you lied to me,” Annie said pushing her face close to his in accusation. Jory looked down at her as Everard stood awkwardly between them.
“I lied?” Jory said half laughing. “You can talk, sneaking away like you have been.”
“Why did you not tell me?” She asked amazed at how he didn’t seem to feel repentance. “You could have saved me from all that hurt.”
“You do not know what is good for you,” he reasoned. “You cannot even see the danger to yourself when it comes to him. I mean, just look at you!” He yelled jabbing his hand towards her to point out the injuries on her face and neck. “You would give everything for someone who should have been dead long ago.”
His last words had gone too far. They were cruel and they disgusted Annie, evoking a rage within her that she had never felt before. She couldn’t restrain herself any longer. She lifted her arm and slapped him across the face in anger. The impact felt like it echoed right through him and across the room.
Everyone stood aghast in the silence of the action and waited nervously for the aftermath. Jory slowly turned his head back to her with a gaze that looked colder than ice. He shrugged away from Everard who released him but kept his arms up in a defensive position. Jory stood there looking at Annie as if she had just ripped his heart out and stood there ringing the blood out right in front of him. Then with no other words spoken he left, leaving a slight breeze in his wake. His exit made final with the slamming of the front door on his way out.
They all stood there quietly for a moment trying to adjust to what happened. Annie ran out of the library and up the stairs, locking the door when she was alone in her room. Adam stood there, the only person with any clue as to what was going on. Martha and Everard turned to him in question.
“Take a seat and I will explain everything,” he said.
Jory jumped on a horse and rode out of the barn. He headed for the only person he thought could take his anger. Baden was about to find out exactly what he was and he didn’t care if it left him exposed. Jory shot past the manor and onto the track, racing towards the house where Baden was.
Annie stood in her room looking out her window as Jory left. She was glad he was leaving and almost wished he wouldn’t come back for what he had done. Then she realised where he would be headed. In a panic she ran downstairs to Martha and the others. They had to stop him from going to Baden, who knew what was going to happen?
Jory made it there in record time jumping off the horse and not bothering to tether it to anything. He wouldn’t need it to get home anyway. Baden stood at the door leaning casually against the frame.
“You are being childish, Jory,” Baden said as if scolding a child. He could see Jory’s soul and what was playing around inside of him. Jory continued up to the house, ignoring the taunts.
“You are about to find out what I can do,” Jory threatened. Baden pushed off the frame and stood waiting for their fight to begin.
“Such a great threat for such a little mutt,” Baden said almost as if he were uninterested.
Jory was done with talking so he ran towards Baden at full speed. He slammed into Baden’s chest and brought them both crashing to the ground. Stewart moved out of the way and decided not to interfere with their quarrel. He just tried to pull furniture out of the way so it wouldn’t get damaged. Jory fought at their fiercest, smashing their fists into each other with alarming force. Baden wasn’t hurt and came up with no marks but Jory’s bruises were starting to show. Baden had to restrain his true strength otherwise Jory would end up dead and as much as he didn’t mind the thought he was sure it would hurt Annie.
Jory’s obvious disadvantage didn’t stop his ambition and every time he was thrown against a wall or to the ground by Baden he would get back up and go at it again.
“Have you not had enough of making a fool of yourself?” Baden asked after punching Jory in the face. He was becoming increasingly tired of the whole thing. Jory took a moment to breathe as he wiped the blood off his lips.
“What?” Jory said wiping the blood onto his torn shirt. “Afraid she likes the taste of me better than she does you?” He was of course referring to his close moment with Annie. Baden’s eyes narrowed with hatred and his whole body tensed, ready to attack. Jory saw his reaction and smiled a little, ignoring the sting in his split lip.
“Uh,” Stewart said intervening seeing that Baden was ready to kill. His hands were full of furniture that he had saved from being wrecked. “If you are lying I believe now would be the time to retract that lie,” he warned Jory.
“There is no lie that has passed over my lips,” Jory said looking at Baden tauntingly. “Annie and I have shared quite an intimate moment.” Jory could almost see the blood boiling in Baden’s eyes. “If it happened once then it could happened again.”
There was no time to finish, Baden was in front of Jory before he could move. Baden picked him up and threw him out of the house. Jory flew across the air and landed hard against the grass, close to the trees.
“Jory!” Annie yelled as she came running up to him. “Have you lost your mind?” Jory stood to his feet as Everard, Martha and Adam slowly made their way over to him after tying the horses.
“Are you satisfied, Jory?” Everard said furiously. “Now everyone is aware.” Annie looked over to see Baden standing at the door then realised that they had been in a fight. But how did Jory even stand a chance? By the looks of it he had been bashed around but he seemed rather put together for going up against Baden.
“What is going on?” Annie demanded as she looked around exasperated.
“I am not human,” Jory said a little breathlessly as he wiped his hands on his trousers. Annie looked at him as if he were speaking a foreign language.
“What does that even mean?” She asked looking at him expectantly.
“It means that he has a little secret to tell you,” Baden said from the doorway looking pleased that he could reveal once again that Jory had lied to her.
“Jory,” Annie said his name quietly as if in disbelief. “Is there more to tell me?” Jory walked over to her and stood close.
He took her hand in his and studied the delicateness of her skin. She was unfazed by such an intimate act as that was just how they were but Baden wanted nothing but to walk over and rip Jory’s arm right off his body.
“I am something else entirely to what you know of already,” he said not wanting to look at her. Her brow furrowed in confusion as he kept looking at her hand.
“What are you?” She asked thinking there couldn’t be anything that was truly shocking anymore.
“He is part soul snatcher and part tracker,” Everard blurted out sick of all the procrastinating. Annie kept her eyes on Jory who refused to look at her.
“Jory, look at me,” she demanded. Slowly he peered up from beneath his brow and looked at her as if he was scared of her reaction.
“Can we go somewhere and I will explain everything?” He asked not wanting to talk about it in front of everyone, especially Baden. Annie nodded slowly as it was taking longer to register everything after her shock.
“Where would you like to go?” She asked.
“Home,” he suggested as everyone stood around watching them.
“Then we shall go there,” she accepted. Without another word she took her hand back and ran over to Baden. “I will see you again soon,” she whispered to him. They wrapped their arms around each other and kissed their farewells as everyone started to mount their horses again.
“Until next time,” Baden whispered when their lips parted. When she smiled he gave her a small kiss on the nose then she hesitantly turned away from him. She ran over and jumped back on the horse with Adam.
Stewart walked up to the door, with furniture still in hand, and stood next to Baden. They stood and watched them ride away from the house until they couldn’t be seen any longer.
“You are aware…” Stewart began as they stood there looking out the door. “That you are the only one to blame for their closeness.”
“Did I ask for your opinion?” Baden said trying to ignore the fact that he was right.
“I am just pointing out that you told her you did not want her,” Stewart continued unnecessarily.
“I am aware of that,” Baden said turning and walking away, leaving Stewart by the door.
“As long as you know,” Stewart said just before Baden slammed the door to the library.
Stewart turned and looked at the mess that was left behind that he now had to clean up.
“Next time take the brawl into the library,” Stewart yelled at Baden through the door. Just as their house was in a state of disrepair it now matched their lives perfectly.

CHAPTER 31:

Annie and Jory were in her room, she sat on her bed as he gazed out the window. They hadn’t said a word since coming in and it was so quiet they could hear each other breathing. When it became too much Annie gave in.
“Jory, what is going on?” She asked moving to the edge of the bed.
“I have not told you because Everard did not want anyone to know until we knew exactly what I was and what I could do,” Jory started explaining, still not looking at her. “Everard, Martha and a select few at the institution know what I truly am.”
“Unless a snatcher is near you,” Annie deduced.
“They can tell I am not human but cannot quite place me,” he said not having the courage to look at her. “Unless you are Baden, then it would be obvious what I am.”
“The advantages of being the best,” she thought aloud. Jory ignored her praise of him.
“When I was young I was left with Everard’s family,” he started the story. “I was older when they told me what had happened.” He turned his head and looked over his shoulder.
“Please look at me,” she said seeing his hesitation. “You can trust me.” After countless moments of thought he slowly turned and faced her but remained where he was.
“My father was a tracker,” he continued but couldn’t bring himself to keep looking at her so he moved his gaze off to the side. “My mother was heavily pregnant with me when…” His voice trailed off and pain came across his face as he remembered the story. Annie forced herself to stay where she was because she knew that he didn’t want her to go to him for whatever reason.
“When what…?” Annie whispered.
“When my mother was turned into a snatcher,” he answered. Annie’s eyes widened in shock at his words and her mouth stood agape as she tried to think of what that meant. “After the transformation she ran away from my father fearing how he might react. Everard’s parents came across her, frightened and hiding.”
“Did they know anything of snatchers?” She wondered thinking what she would have done in the situation.
“They took her in even after finding out what she was,” Jory said proudly but still didn’t look at Annie.
“Where are Everard’s parents now?” She asked curiously.
“They passed away a few years ago. They were quite old and where happy to live out their lives as humans rather than be turned,” he answered. When Annie seemed satisfied by the answer he continued his own story. “None of them knew what would happen to me but eventually the time came and I was delivered. I came out seemingly human.”
“What happened to your mother?” Annie asked anxiously.
“She was fine,” he said hiding the emotion from his voice. “She had heard of the institution and decided to travel there to try and find out anything she could about what I might turn out to be.”
“Where are your parents now?” Annie asked standing to her feet. She couldn’t take it anymore. Jory turned his head away to try and hide the tears. That was it, she couldn’t stay away any longer. She went over to him and placed her hands gently on his face, turning him towards her. He kept his eyes from looking at her as the tears ran down his face.
“He killed her,” he whispered through the pain. Annie still didn’t understand.
“Who?” She urged settling her arms around his neck.
“One night she went to leave my father a letter at his doorstep to tell him of me,” he said, the tears coming in earnest. “He came upon her not realising who she was, he just knew she was a snatcher. He killed her before she had a chance to explain.”
Annie felt sick as the horrible story sunk in. She pulled Jory into an embrace and he buried his head into her neck, his salty tears running down her skin. He wrapped his arms around her waist and let her comfort him.
“Where is your father now?” She whispered the question into his ear when he had settled a little. His breathing fluttered as he composed himself enough to speak.
“When he realised who she was he read the letter she left him,” he said keeping his face nuzzled in her neck. “Everard’s father said he came to the house and told them what had happened. He refused to look at me and left, never returning.” Annie held him tighter when his voice broke and he was thankful for it.
“Jory, I am so sorry,” she said as her heart ached for him. He calmed himself and looked up, blinking away the tears and adjusting his eyes to the light. He wiped his tears off her neck and a small laugh escaped him.
“That is why Everard was allowed at the institution when he was still only human,” he explained her question from long ago.
“Because of who you are,” she finished his sentence as she wiped his face dry of the tears, her own eyes filling.
“Do not cry, Annie,” he said holding onto her as if she was his life. A smile came to her face as the tears spilled so he returned the tenderness and wiped her face clean. Suddenly they started laughing as they thought of how silly they would have looked to anyone who had no idea what was going.
When the tears and laughter had drifted away they were left holding onto each other in silence that soon turned to tension. Before Annie had time to step away Jory moved his head toward her and leaned in to kiss her. She had just enough time to turn her head which stopped him from trying. Slowly she eased away from him and he reluctantly let her go, leaning against the window sill behind him. They stood in the quiet room both unsure of where they were left in all of this mess.
“So it looks that I may be changed on my own then,” she said jokingly to break the silence, doing everything she could to avoid the truth of the almost kiss.
“On the contrary, that is why Everard is trying to research all he can about me. Some snatchers at the institution have qualms about me being partially a tracker so I am to be changed. It is only a matter of when,” Jory explained.
“Let me guess, one of those concerned is Amaury?” She said with an edge to her voice. Jory raised his eyebrows that accompanied a half smile to show she had guessed correctly and it made her want to hit something at how stupid she found Amaury to be. “If he is so worried then why would he let you in at all?”
“He said he was repaying a favour to an old acquaintance by letting me be part of their community,” Jory answered sounding confused by it himself. Annie tried to piece it all together but came up short. Though, she did think of the most obvious argument for Jory’s side.
“But Baden and Stewart are both half,” she reasoned not understanding the logic.
“Not truly in the same way I am. And they are more…rogue,” he said putting it mildly. “So the establishment does not care what they are. I however have been involved in the institution for quite some time.”
Annie took a moment to think about it all. She felt relieved that she still had someone to share her transformation with but she didn’t like the thought that anyone would look at Jory and have ‘qualms’ about him. In fact, it down right irritated her. She didn’t realise but she was standing there with her brow furrowed and her emotion obvious on her face. Her concern made him feel closer to her, it made him add another reason to the list as to why he loved her so.
“I love you, Annie,” Jory confessed tired of trying to hide it any longer. She looked over to him and just stared into his eyes. She had known he loved her but she had ignored it for as long as she could.
When she and Jory first met her heart already belonged to Baden and she had no thought of letting Jory into her soul. But as time passed and because of her naivety, she hadn’t been careful enough to keep distance between them and somehow he had seeped into her in his own way. So with no intention to give him her heart she had fallen in love with her best friend whilst truly belonging to another.
But she knew he would never fill the place she had already made for Baden. No one could ever fill that place and as much as it saddened her to face it, she would be able to eventually live without Jory if she had to. But Baden was someone she would never be able to exist or survive without out, nor did she want to try.
When the silence had stretched into Annie’s unspoken answer Jory nodded very slightly, almost undetectably and that was it. They both knew that they would never be and that she would always be Baden’s.
“I will still love you,” he half said his sentence and she knew the rest of his words were, though you love Baden.
This time it was her turn to simply nod and try her hardest not to start crying again. They felt their souls beginning to reluctantly untwine from each other’s and it hurt more than they thought it would. They had a long way to go before they could escape the labyrinth in which their souls had interweaved them but no matter how daunting the idea of letting go was, they had to do it.
Martha knocked on the door quietly and came in when there was no response. She could see both of them had been hurting up here for one reason or the other and in her gentle way she came over to Annie and placed an arm around her.
“Jory,” Martha said softly. “Everard would like to speak with you.” He nodded, pushing off the window sill to go to his brother. “He is in his room,” she informed as he left.
As soon as he was out of the room and the door was closed Annie burst into tears. Martha took her in her arms and let her love wrap around her. Martha didn’t need to be told why she was crying, she knew it wasn’t Jory’s sad story that hurt her, though it did in its way. She knew it was because everything had come to a head and they had all fallen short of the happiness they had all been hoping to reach. And they all came up feeling a little emptier because of it.
Jory walked into Everard’s room and found him alone. He looked to Jory when he came in and found that he had brokenness growing all over him. Everard wasn’t going to lecture him, he just wanted to make sure he was coping on the thin wire he was treading. They stood there in silent understanding as Jory fought hard to push away the ache he was sure would be his only companion in time to come.
“I knew I would never come first,” Jory said as he looked at his brother’s caring face. Everard nodded and waited to listen to the rest of his brother’s breaking heart. “She loves him as I love her.” Jory’s voice was soaked in pending tears and his soul felt like it had lost itself in nothingness. “But I love her enough not to stand in her way.”
That was all he could manage before his tears won the battle and reduced him to the hollow wreck he was. Everard came over to him and embraced his brother hoping, with everything in him, that in time he would be mended from the hurting that felt all consuming at this moment.
So at the end of this sad, lonely day everyone was left a little further from the finish line they had thought was so close and their hearts were that much worse for wear as the reality of their hidden dreams were snatched from them. Their failing hopes hurting everyone around them as they shattered into countless, tiny pieces, never to be repaired or replaced again. Everyone had a real taste of the peril that is life.

CHAPTER 32:

So they all went back to finding a way to release Baden and Stewart. Their searching felt endless and their efforts felt worthless as each book that was closed found them with less answers and more questions than before.
Annie visited Baden as much as possible but everyone was always on edge getting her to and from him safely. Jory was the one who took her mostly, he didn’t really trust anyone else to be capable enough to protect her and during their visit he would stay outside.
Sometimes they would all journey together and Everard, Stewart and Adam would become involved in deep conversation and theorize possible escapes. During these conversations Martha would tidy up the house and set out the new things she had brought such as curtains, table cloths, flowers, paintings. Soon the house looked like a real home that would welcome any to its doors.
In an attempt to fight off the ache it caused Jory to see Annie with Baden, he would either help Martha or converse with the others, all the while watching the only one he had ever wanted being taken away from him by someone he regarded as unworthy. Life was beginning to feel cruel.
One afternoon at the manor Martha decided to go into town for the night to see a play. Everard of course was going with her but this time the rest of them decided to join her for a change. So they prepared the carriage and they all travelled into town dressed in their finest for the occasion.
Annie had never been to a play before so when they walked into the foyer of the extravagant looking building she was shocked by the amount of people occupying the rather confined space. There seemed to be an endless sea of well-dressed snobs drinking and eating in a chaotic ruckus. The foyer had large archways leading every which way, lined in extravagantly decorated gold trimming. Many entrances to mysterious rooms were sprouting off the foyer closed off by royal red, heavy velvet curtains. A serving bar lay on the other side of the room with young men in suits attending to people.
“You enjoy this, Martha?” Annie asked as they made their way through the crowd.
“Not the crowd but the fun of it all,” she explained but it was hard for Annie to hear because of the noise.
“Stay close,” Jory whispered into Annie’s ear as he managed to stay next to her. She gave him a quick glance and a smile before she returned her focus onto not crashing into the people around her.
“I will fetch some refreshments and entrees,” Everard said as he bustled ahead of them before disappearing.
Adam stood there looking around curiously at the random group of people in the crowd. He usually didn’t have anything to do with people because most of his time had been spent with Stewart. He decided that he preferred being in much smaller crowds, usually only one or two…give or take a few. The thought made him smile to himself.
Suddenly there seemed to be a surge in the crowd and people were stepping between their small group. It was hard to see over the tall people pushing past and soon Annie became disoriented. She drifted for a time amongst strangers before she thought she spotted Jory. Nudging through the unrelenting mass Annie felt like she wasn’t making any progress at all.
In the array of bodies there was one that seemed to be making their way directly to her. Stepping up on her tiptoes she tried to see who it was but it was too difficult to get a glimpse. Deciding it must be Jory she manoeuvred through the crowd towards the approaching figure. Soon enough she came upon whoever it was and froze in shock at seeing them. Oliver stood there with a grin splitting across his face.
“Good evening, Annie,” he said like a perfect gentleman. Her heart sank lower as she had no way to protect herself or get away from him and back to her friends. Suddenly she worried that he had done something to them.
“Where are the others?” She asked vainly looking around the crowd to try and spot them.
“They are perfectly fine,” he assured as he slipped his arm around her waist. “Now let us go somewhere more private,” he suggested as he pulled her along through the unsuspecting crowd. To anyone watching they would have simply looked like a couple.
Having no choice in the matter she was coaxed into one of the close by rooms that were privatised by curtains. The room was dark and she couldn’t see anything at all, she could only feel Oliver next to her. Suddenly he was gone then the room was filled with dim candle light. He was standing next to a small table, next to a large single chair. A few long candles sat in iron stands on the table, he had lit them and they flickered in the draft of the room.
The room had a few chairs, desks and other random objects that looked like they had not been used in some time. The room seemed to be a storage space for the items. She looked back to Oliver and noticed for the first time that he was dressed finely. Though his version of sophisticated still had the hint of old world and yet again he was in all black. She started to think of him as death itself in that colour. 
“Here to see the play, are we?” She asked trying to sound as if she wasn’t frightened at all. He smiled and made his way back over to her.
“I might stay if I were asked nicely,” he said flirtatiously. He rather liked the way her lovely pale skin was accentuated by the dark blue of her dress. It plunged nicely at her bust and her hair sat atop her head in tresses, showing off her slender neck nicely.
“I thought Taru told you to stay away from me?” Annie reminded deciding not to get involved in his games.
He rolled his eyes and took a seat on the chair next to the small table. It was largely overstuffed and looked suspiciously like a throne, with all its flair and pomp the royal blue looked even grander.
“She told me not to play with you,” he corrected as if it made a difference.
“Then what are you doing?” Annie asked folding her arms stubbornly. “Do you not value your life?” He laughed as if she was being ridiculous.
“She and I have been playing this game for an eternity,” he said as if he was uninterested. “In any case I am not here to play.”
“Then why are you here?” She asked angrily.
“I am here to become acquainted with my future bride,” he informed with a wide smile as if it was a done deal.
“I think you have become delusional in your long life time,” she retorted not seeing a way out of this situation unless she was found. As he sat there scrutinizing her, an idea came to mind and she went right into action. “Fine.” She pulled a humble, wooden chair over and sat beside him. “Let us talk.” He moved forward and leaned on the chair’s arm rest.
“Is there something in particular you would like to discuss, or shall I begin?” He asked as if he was wrapped up in everything she was. She gave him a forced smile and tried to look interested.
“Tell me how you were changed,” she asked. His smile dropped slightly but he recovered it quickly. His eyes searched her face as he sat there deciding whether to tell her.
“I am not sure if I should share an untold story,” he said liking the look of her soft lips.
“Amaury told me his,” she baited hoping to get a rise out of him. Oliver’s eyes narrowed in speculation then widened when he saw she was telling the truth.
“Have it your way,” he conceded. He leaned back in his chair and made himself comfortable for his recount. “Amaury and I were companions back when we were human. He was struck by the plague and as you are aware he was changed by Taru.”
“Yes,” she said taking time to wonder at the tone he was telling the story with. He sounded almost betrayed.
“When he was miraculously healed I demanded to know how it had been done,” Oliver continued. “Amaury refused to tell but after he disappeared randomly for days on end and came back looking more repaired than the last time I had seen him, I eventually pestered him into telling me. Though, the mystery was all an act on his part. Once he had confessed he took me straight to Taru.”
“And she changed you?” Annie guessed not finding the story quite as exciting as she had thought it would be.
“Eventually,” he said holding back anger. “When we arrived Taru was not alone. A man was there who seemed rather unearthly in some way. She commended Amaury on bringing me to her as she had requested.”
“Why did she want you?” She asked trying to find some link.
“She had bargained with him when he lay dying in that death pit with the others.” His eyes narrowed with hatred. “If she changed him then he must bring her his truest friend. So he agreed and she slit my throat as soon as he did.” Annie jumped from the blunt way he described his own murder.
“She killed you?” She asked trying to push the contents of her stomach back down.
“She sacrificed me,” he clarified. “As my blood drained from me I heard her arguing with the stranger. He was enraged as he said it was not the type of love he wanted. Before I knew it I was almost dead. Amaury begged for my life to be spared and for one reason or another she changed me.”
“Why on earth would you have ever forgiven Amaury?” Annie asked horrified at this twisted tale.
“He convinced me that he had no indication that she had planned to kill me,” he said with little emotion in his voice.
“But you had another falling out?” She probed wanting to know more.
“Yes, we did,” he said vaguely avoiding answering.
“Why?” She urged. He looked at her intently trying to find the reason for her interest.
“Why do you care?” He asked thinking there must be something he was missing.
“I just cannot believe you were betrayed in such an atrocious way then had the capacity to forgive such a thing,” she said in disbelief. “You must have more redeeming qualities than people know,” she complimented truthfully. She was someone who liked to see the best in people.
“Well,” he said hiding his shock from her uplifting words. “I…” He came up short as he tried to find something to say. “I did and it was to my detriment. After a few years, and with help from Taru, we established the institution…then he betrayed me once again.”
“How?” She asked trying to push away feeling sorry for him.
“We were on a specific search instigated by Taru,” he spoke her name with contempt. “She claimed we were in her debt as she had helped us to build the institution Amaury and I had dreamt of. She wanted us to find someone in particular that she needed and along the way I found a rather precious someone.” He was being obscure in his recount but Annie thought she might be pushing her luck to ask for more details. “Amaury took her to Taru and she killed her…with no avail to her plans. I have not had anything to do with him since that moment.”
“Though you still see Taru when she was the one who killed your love?” Annie tried to understand.
“Not from any desire of my own,” he snapped. “She will not leave me alone.”
“What does she want?” She thought aloud trying to understand.
“Who knows any longer?” He said exasperated. “All I know is that I have learnt not to love for it only seems to hurt. I simply want…” Annie looked up at him as if just realising he was there.
“But you cannot help if you love someone,” she reasoned.
“I can and I do,” he retorted as if he were fearful she might convince him otherwise.
They sat measuring each other, waiting to see who was about to give in their argument first. Suddenly Oliver stood and moved over to the curtain as if he was about to flee out of fear.
“I am sorry,” she said as she stood.
“Do not be sorry for me,” he refused her compassion. “I am not the one who has everything to lose.”
Before she could say anything he disappeared from the room and she was left in dusty silence. When she realised she was free to go she blew out the candles and ran out into the crowd. Most had now went into the main auditorium but some still loitered in the foyer among which were her friends.
“Annie!” Jory said loudly as he hurried over to her, the others following. “Where have you been?” He asked pulling her into an embrace.
“What happened?” Martha interrupted pulling her into her own arms though Jory wasn’t finished. “You frightened us all.”
“I…” She began to say but for some reason she decided not to. “I wandered through the crowd trying to look for you then I stumbled behind the curtain.”
“What were you doing behind there?” Adam asked inquisitively.
“I…nothing,” she answered. “It seems to be a storage room. It must have intrigued my curiosity enough to distract me for a time.” They all stood there looking at her confused about her story. Adam’s eyes narrowed in suspicion and she had to quickly look away from him before he could guess anything.
Suddenly a little hand bell chimed quietly through the foyer. It was rung by an attendant to indicate the play was about to recommence.
“As long as you are fine,” Martha said and was joined by an untied chorus of agreements from her friends.
“Let us get to the play,” Everard suggested. They made their way to the hall without another word but with many unspoken questions. Who knew where all of it was going to lead?

CHAPTER 33:

Annie woke in the middle of the night a few nights later. She wasn’t sure if she woke because of a noise or her dream but either way she now felt thirsty. She looked out the window to the dull night sky wishing that things had gone differently…just life in general.
Rain started to patter against the window as she laid there deciding whether to ignore her thirst. As the rain fell harder she decided to get up and go to the kitchen where there would be a pitcher of water.
She made her way through the house easily in the dim light of the night and didn’t light a lantern when she got to the kitchen. She poured herself a cup and drank her fill feeling refreshed by the cool water. She felt a little chilled in just her light nightgown but she could tolerate it.
As she went to place her cup down something caught her attention from the corner of her eye. She turned to see what it was but it wasn’t fast enough to realise that she wasn’t alone. The figure stepped out of the shadows and grabbed her around the waist and covered her mouth quickly stopping her from screaming to anyone. She was pulled tight against the intruder’s chest, restraining her easily.
It was hard to see in the dark but as the person leaned closer his face came into view and her heart that had been racing jumped into a further sprint as her own personal nightmare stood before her. Micah’s face was covered in shadows as he held her against her will.
“You must be very quiet,” he whispered almost inaudibly. She nodded her head slightly to show she wasn’t going to make any trouble.
What could she do? There was no way she had any chance to defend herself against a snatcher. If she screamed everyone in the house might come to help her and what if he hurt one of them…what if he killed one of them? That very thought is what kept her quite, more quiet than if she only had to consider herself.
He started them walking and her heart dropped when she realised he was taking her to the back door. Her footing faltered but he kept her upright as he hurried them away. They slipped out the door and the wind was chilling as it bit against her. It whipped around her and threw her dress and hair every which way. The cold rain stung as it hit her warm skin and it helped to frighten her more than she already was.
Micah looked around and decided to take them to the barn. He hurried Annie through the rain and they rushed into the barn, him closing the doors behind them. Suddenly she was released as he went to light a lantern and she ran as fast as she could to the door. It wasn’t fast enough and Micah already stood in the way before she reached the only escape. She stood there, drenched through and shivering uncontrollably from not only the cold but the fear.
“What do you want?” She asked. Her lips were blue and trembling as she tried to speak. She folded her arms against her to try and keep some of the warmth in but it did little to help. He just stood there silently blocking her path. She wasn’t sure but it looked almost as if he was disgraced.
“I have come to right what I have done.” Micah’s voice was small and unassuming, just as she had always remembered it. Annie had to blink a few times as if to clear her head.
“You want to what?” She asked not believing her own ears.
“I have come to make amends,” he reiterated. “I have been torturing myself for so long for what I did to you.” His face was solemn and most of the time he couldn’t even look at her face. He kept his gaze at the ground apart from a few quick glances up at her and even then he looked meek.
“I…do not know what to say,” she said honestly.
“I know, I do not blame you.” He took another peak up to her and saw that she was cold. “Here,” he said stepping forward and removing his jacket. She took a step back defensively then stopped when she realised what he was doing. He stretched his arm out so he wouldn’t have to step closer and hesitantly she reached out and took the coat. Wrapping it around herself gratefully.
“Why…after so long?” She wondered as she hugged the coat close to her to try and get warm. He shifted his hands to his pockets and kicked the hay around with his feet.
“It has been gnawing at me since the day I hurt you,” he confessed his guilt. “Since then I have been searching for the answer you so desperately want. I thought if I could find it then it might in some way absolve me from my past actions.” He looked up at her quickly then back down. “But I do not think any favour in the world could compensate for what I did to you.”
“Micah,” she started to say it was okay but it really wasn’t. What he did was horrendous and though she had moved past it she didn’t want to just let him think a simple apology would cut it. “Was it you who saved me from Oliver that night?” She asked diverting her sentence as she remembered back.
“I could not let him take you,” he admitted seeming embarrassed, gaze still averted.
“Well…thank you,” she said because she truly was appreciative for his intervention. “You just so happened to be ambling in the forest nearby?” She couldn’t help the small smile that came across her lips.
“I may or may not have been keeping an eye on you from time to time,” he owned up with a little smile towards the ground. For the first time he looked as if he had forgotten the burden of his guilt.
“Were you the one who took my night dress?” She asked remembering back to some of the strange things that had gone unanswered.
“I promise you I did no such thing,” he swore and she could tell he wasn’t lying. Why lie now after the other confessions?
“What exactly do you have for me?” She asked curiously, returning back to the point at hand.
“I know how Baden can be released,” he said and her heart stopped abruptly before it kicked into double pace. When she remained silent he looked up to see if she was paying attention. Her face was frozen in shock and she almost looked as if she was going to pass out.
“How?” She asked desperately.
As Micah opened his mouth to answer her, the barn door creaked open and Jory came in faster than anyone could react. He jumped on Micah sopping wet and they tumbled into a brawl in the hay.
“No, Jory!” Annie screamed as she ran after them. They carried the fight through the whole barn, smashing stalls and flicking hay bales every which way. “Jory we need him!” She yelled again over the crashing but it was no use.
The horses did nothing but try to move out of the way of the fight, which seemed to be nothing but a small inconvenience to them.
Before either of the men could gain the advantage Micah took the opportunity to escape as Jory was jumping up from being slammed through one of the wood barriers in a stall. With an apologetic glance to Annie before he left, Micah was out the door and avoiding the trouble of having to kill someone who she valued. As Jory recovered quickly he started to make for the door but Annie managed to grab his arm.
“What are you doing? He is getting away,” Jory asked, riled that Micah was getting away.
“He was about to tell me how to release Baden!” Annie argued feeling rather piqued herself.
“You actually believe he would tell you something like that?” He asked in disbelief. “It was most likely some lie to trap you.”
“No, he was honestly helping,” she argued refusing to give in.
“Annie, if you are so desperate to release Baden that you are deluded enough to believe Micah then you need help,” he said the words before he had time to think about them.
Annie dropped her hand and took a step back as if she tried to move away from the hurt. It reached her anyway. She turned and ran out of the barn, ignoring the rain that hadn’t eased and made her way to the house. As soon as she was inside she bolted for her room and locked the door as soon as she was in. Moments later Jory was knocking softly on the door.
“Annie, I am sorry,” he pleaded. “Please.” She ignored him and started to change out of her drenched clothes.
Just as she had her night dress off and grabbed a dry one to put on, Jory twisted the handle enough that it broke the lock. He came in before she had time to do anything other than cover her front with her dress.
“Jory,” she gasped. At this moment she was relieved that she had not lit a lamp and only the night sky was lighting the room. That relief was snuffed out as soon as she realised she was the only one who had hindered vision in the dark.
“Oh, ah, Annie,” he said holding his hands up as if blocking the sun and looking away.
He stepped back hitting the door and accidently making it slam shut. He turned and tried to pull it open but in his urgency he pulled the handle off jamming the lock into place, trapping the door shut. He turned and held the handle up to show their predicament.
“Jory,” she said vexed. She stormed up to him and snatched the handle from him, making sure she kept her back turned away from him.
She tried shoving the handle back in place but it was difficult to get it back in and it wouldn’t work, especially because she only had one hand free. And the darkness wasn’t helping.
“Give it to me,” he said taking it back and trying himself to no avail. She started to bang on the door and call out to anyone. “That will not help any,” he advised. He started to think of kicking the door in but Martha would probably just be livid if she had to replace a whole door instead of just the lock of a door.
“And why is that?” She asked snatching the handle back off him and trying again.
“Because they are all out replenishing themselves,” he answered taking the handle back from her. She looked at him bewildered.
“Turn around!” She demanded and he rolled his eyes and turned his back to her.
She quickly pulled the dress over her head and shuffled it over her body until it sat properly. When she was done she looked up and saw Jory’s stunned face in the reflection of a nearby mirror.
“Jory!” She squealed slapping his arm. He had seen everything and she knew it.
“I did not mean to. You dressed so quickly I had no time to say anything and it was in my line of sight,” he defended himself as he turned around, easily blocking her other slaps.
She ran out of huff and gave up on the door and caring. She plodded over to the bed and fell onto the mattress trying not to be disheartened. He dropped the handle on the floor, making a bell like sound as it hit the wood. He walked over to her and laid on the bed beside her.
“What?” She asked with half her face pushed into the mattress.
“It will all work out,” he said sounding almost convincing.
“Because you truly want Baden freed,” she accused bitterly. She wasn’t really angry at Jory she was just fed up with all of it. He pulled her into a hug and at first she was reluctant but eventually she relaxed into it.
“I want you to be happy, I will do anything to make that happen,” he whispered and it caused a lump to form in her throat.
“I am tired,” she said swallowing away her emotions and changing the subject. “Can we just go to sleep?” She asked.
“Can I sleep in here with you?” He asked knowing there wasn’t an option in it unless he wanted to break down the door. Well…he could climb out the window but he decided that would be unnecessary.
She looked up at him and saw that he was making fun of the situation and it actually made her smile. Silently they crawled under the sheets for the night. Just like before when it wasn’t complicated or messy. When they were simply best friends secretly in love with each other and happy to live in the denial they had created for themselves. And they were gifted with the best sleep they had in a long time.

CHAPTER 34:

Annie woke to find that she was alone in her bed. She looked around confused until she had time for the sleep to drift away and she found a note. It was from Jory and it read:
Climbed out of the window and will try to have the door opened as soon as possible. Stay put until then.
Jory.
Annie looked over to the open window and thought the note was silly, why couldn’t he help her out the window? She pulled the blankets away, stretched out the stiffness from her sleep-riddled body and climbed out of bed. She slipped on her training gear, pulled her hair back in a ponytail then went to appraise the drop from her window. She didn’t quite make it that far because Micah leapt through before she could peek over the edge. He hushed her quickly with a wide eyed look and she held her hand to her throat to try and push the shock away.
“You frightened me half to death,” she whispered furiously.
“Well, I would have come in last night thinking you would be expecting me but it seems that your sleeping arrangements are very inclusive these days,” he said with a raised eyebrow.
“I will have you know that we were stuck in here last night,” she defended herself as she pointed to the door. Micah rolled his eyes at her dodgy explanation.
“Because it would have been so hard for him to leave via the window as he did this morning?” He said accusingly. She went to say something in her defence but came up short.
“I do not need to explain anything to you,” she said indignant.
“What I would like an explanation to is why you are still tucked away in here?” He asked suspiciously.
“Jory is trying to release me as we speak,” she said starting to think of where Micah was going with this.
“Actually, he left hours ago,” Micah informed. “Martha went with him and Everard and Adam are down stairs.” Annie tried to make sense of it all but came up short.
“Well your guess is as good as mine,” she said feeling frustrated that she had no idea what was happening. With the two of them speaking like the y used to Micah’s past betrayal was the furthest thing from her mind. It was just like the old times.
“No matter,” he brushed it off as quickly as he had brought it up. “I am here to tell you what I intended to last night before your admirer interrupted.” He tried to hold back his anger that was directed at Jory.
“Please,” she said thinking she could not take another minute of not knowing.
“At the moment there seems to be only one thing I can find that will release him,” he began sounding as if he were stalling.
“Yes, and…?” She urged feeling impatient.
“I am not sure if it will help,” he warned. “I think it may make everything harder.”
“Micah, you came here to tell me so please do so,” she almost demanded.
“Well, from what I have gathered,” he said seeming uncomfortable with what he was about to say. “It would take the sacrifice of the confined snatcher’s true love.” He looked away so he wouldn’t have to see the shock and hurt in her eyes.
The air became thick with the weight of it and Annie felt like she was going to be sick. It meant that she would have to die for Baden to be released.
“Are you certain?” She whispered not really sure if she said the words out loud. He nodded solemnly as he looked back at her. She moved over to the bed and sank onto the mattress, a woman defeated.
“But you could live with him there,” Micah suggested trying to find a better solution. Annie stared off at nothing as she contemplated his words.
“Yes, I can live there with Baden and Stewart,” she said. “Of course Baden and I could never be intimate because Stewart would be there.” Micah opened his mouth to say something but shut it not thinking of anything good to say.
“I will keep searching,” he assured after a short time of silence. Annie closed her eyes and threw herself back onto the bed, covering her face with her hands.
“Why does this have to be so difficult?” She said reaching the end of her tether. “Why does it feel as if the world is doing everything it can to keep us apart?”
“To begin with it was officially only Eli who trapped him there, not the world,” he said trying to make her not feel weighed down. She sat back up in a rush.
“That is true,” she said forgetting the fact that Micah had instigated the whole plan. Her anger towards Eli began to mount, not only the anger deserved by someone who had betrayed the man she loved but the anger of the whole situation. Everything she had been bottling up was all being directed towards Eli. She jumped up from the bed and moved toward the window.
“Annie, what are you doing?” Micah asked, panicked at her erratic behaviour.
“Possibly something stupid,” she said as she flung her leg over the window sill, bracing herself with her hands on the windowpane.
“Do not try and climb down,” Micah demanded as he moved over and took hold of her arm.
“Micah,” she said turning to him abruptly. “I am sick to death of all of this and it is all Eli’s fault.”
“Blame me,” he said trying to talk her back from hanging over the ledge. “I gave him the plan. Come back inside and yell at me all you want.”
“Either you can help me down or you can let me go,” she offered. “If it is neither choice then I will scream and Everard will be in here before you can move.” Micah stood there indecisively as he tried to choose between his options.
“And what will letting your frustrations out on Eli accomplish?” He asked, the stress showing on his face.
“I do not care at this point. It will be merely a release for me,” she said honestly. He thought for a brief moment but before he could give an answer there was a knock at the door.
“Annie,” Adam called through the door. Both of them froze from the unexpected visit.
“Yes?” Annie called out from the window.
“Would you like me to try and get the door open for you?” He asked sounding a little unusual.
“Uh,” she stumbled trying to think of how to get out of the situation. “Can you give me a minute to get dressed?” She lied hoping it would be enough. He didn’t say anything back and Annie and Micah stared at each other in their frozen positions.
“I will be back up in five minutes,” he said then they heard him walk away.
“It is now or never,” Annie said looking at Micah. He closed his eyes in frustration for a brief moment.
“You have not changed in the slightest you madcap,” he scolded but she could tell he said it with affection. “I will jump down then you can jump into my arms.”
Before she could say a word he was over the sill and on the ground faster than she could look around. She pulled her other leg over and both feet dangled in the air. Now that she was looking down and it came to her having to jump it was rather daunting and she hesitated for a moment.
She closed her eyes, thinking how stupid it was to do so and then pushed away from the window.
The air whooshed past her as she plummeted to the ground but she was caught by strong arms before she could do any damage. She opened her eyes relieved that she was safe but almost jumped out of her own skin when she looked up to see that Oliver was the one holding her and not Micah. She looked around for Micah but he was nowhere to be seen.
“Your friend has been detained and I will be taking over from here,” Oliver said with a satisfied smirk. “Do you usually come crashing down from the skies or am I just so fortunate?”
Before she could scream someone tied a cloth around her mouth and another came and tied her hands. Her mouth gag sat in her mouth and kept her lips parted, her breathing becoming frantic as the panic set in.
“Be gentle with her,” Oliver growled to his men as if he was an inch away from taking their life. They slowed their frantic pace, ensuring they gently restrained her. He looked hugely tall compared to his minions. And yet again he was dressed as death in the old-world-all-back.
As Oliver carried her away towards the trees she looked back and caught a glimpse of a group of his men caught in a scuffle with Micah. Before she could see who was winning, which she guessed wouldn’t be him, she was taken from view and into the trees. The last image that was burned in her mind was that of Oliver’s ominous armour-clad cronies attacking Micah and no matter how hard she tried she couldn’t push the image away.
Oliver mounted his horse that was fitted with a black tunic and black chainmail, obviously all for show. It seemed the silver chainmail was strictly for his followers, to blend them together as one menacing spirit. Whereas he was intending to be a nightmarish shadow intended to disturb, wearing nothing but black. It’s as if he wanted to inspire fear.
Oliver kept hold of Annie the whole time, with his strong arms and capable strength, and when he checked that she was firmly placed in his lap he kicked his horse into motion and they were away.
Now only Micah knew she had been taken by Oliver and he was about to be killed. Even if he survived and he had the courage to tell the others what happened they most likely would not believe him and possibly kill him themselves. As the horse made a speedy trail in a direction she had never before ventured, her tears fell silently down her cheeks and were soaked up by the material that was gagging her mouth.
“Do not be sad, precious,” Oliver whispered in her ear. “You will enjoy your new life with me. I will make sure of it.”
As they made their way through the trees Oliver covered her face from low branches with his hand and took the greatest of care to ensure she was comfortable as they travelled. Annie tried to make herself feel numb so she wouldn’t completely lose her sanity in all of this. But she couldn’t help the creeping fear that was starting to latch itself onto her. How many times could one person escape from the perils they faced? How many second chances does one soul receive? She had been alive long enough to know the answer to that question was, not many.
This was it, she was never going to see Baden again and she would never get the chance to live out her life with the man she loved. She gave up and let her body slump against Oliver’s chest and she silently cried the whole way.

CHAPTER 35:

Micah stood there restrained by four snatchers as another came toward him with a lit torch. They had pulled him deep into the trees so as not to bring the manor’s attention to them. He had put up a good fight and seriously injured a few of them, though they would heal. Now he had been overrun and he was about to die. He watched as the snatcher walked towards him with a sinister grin, he was pleased to have the honours.
These minions, as the rest of Oliver’s goons, were dressed in their silver chainmail-armour with leather underneath. Micah always wondered how Oliver could inspire such dedication from an army of snatchers but it seemed that simple tactics of belonging went a long way. Even just uniting them with a uniform of sorts boosted their self-confidence let alone the pleasure they got from the fear that numbers could give. And a resilient figurehead like Oliver, one of the strongest snatchers known, would probably give them pride to some degree. His followers were honoured to wear the generic armour and follow their black clad leader to the death, all for the sake of loyalty born through unity. And with all of that Oliver still wasn’t the most feared snatcher, Baden was. Little wonder Oliver wasn’t too impressed, his pride must be taking a beating.
As the snatcher reached the torch toward Micah with satisfaction there was a swift breeze and the torch was stolen from his hands. It was as if it disappeared to nowhere. Everyone looked around confused but they had no time to muse over what had happened because suddenly a scream came from one of the snatchers guarding the perimeter then it was gone. Then another and another until the lookouts had been taken out by someone or something. They stood in fear looking around trying to see the ghost that was haunting them.
Out of the trees, faster than any of them could see, something moved and the men holding onto Micah were dispatched quickly. Micah stood in disbelief and bewilderment as the figure showed itself. The insane looking woman only stopped when she had hold of the last follower of Oliver. She grabbed his arm and twisted it until he was keeled over, face in the ground and arm snapped backwards. He let out a scream that bounced through the trees and up to the leaves.
“Where is he taking her?” She screamed down to the man pushing her foot into his back and letting go of the now broken arm. She picked up his other arm as a threat. She was dressed in a simple mauve day dress and it was completely juxtaposed to her actions. She looked bizarre.
“I do not know, Taru,” he said and the fear was soaked in his voice. She snapped the other arm and the crack was sickening. Micah stood frozen, kneeling on the ground. This was the first and he had no chance against her once she decided to turn on him. She had the capability to kill snatchers with her bare hands, which she had so easily proven.
“Tell me!” She hissed looking prepared enough to skin him alive.
“I just know he is taking her to one of his many castles,” he yelled in panic hoping this was enough to spare his life.
 She reached down and snapped his neck and he went limp on the ground in a mangled mess of broken body. Suddenly he fell to dust and showed that he had been a very old snatcher, so easily killed by the hands of Taru. She turned to Micah with a head movement that reminded him of a bird. There was no use in running or fighting because he would not stand a chance against her, he just hoped she would kill him quickly.
“Micah,” she said his name and it shocked him that she knew it. “Which way did he take her?” She asked. He lifted a shaky hand to show the direction and she seemed pleased with what she was shown. “Follow me,” she instructed then turned and ran.
He blinked repeatedly in shock then took off after her. He had no option because it seemed that if he disappointed her she would find him and kill him without hesitation.
He ran at his top speed but it was nowhere near fast enough to keep up with her. He could see her in the distance and had to make do with that. He had no idea why but she was taking him to Annie. After a time of running she came to a stop but it took a few minutes for him to catch up. When he did he actually felt almost tired. She was crouched down behind a bush and he did the same. He tried to keep his distance from her but the bush was rather small and didn’t give him much space.
They were looking at a huge castle in an open field not too far from the tree line where they were. It was an old castle from the dark ages and it looked menacing to say the least with its large, impenetrable stone walls and tall spires.
“Once we go in we will find Annie. Take her away by stealing one of their horses and ride her to Baden,” she instructed as she examined the castle.
“Why are you helping?” He asked before he could stop himself. She turned to him with a look that seemed blank.
“I may be helping you in this moment but I have no hesitation to tell you that it is to my own prevail,” she said feeling no threat or challenge that could come from Micah knowing. He decided to keep his mouth shut after that, he had no idea how long her forbearance ran, if at all.
Suddenly she stood and revealed herself to the snatchers that were guarding the castle entrance. They turned to her with shocked expressions and Micah reluctantly jumped up to reveal himself next to her. Their heads turned back and forth between them finally resting on Taru. She moved towards them and hesitantly Micah followed.
“Touch either one of us and die,” Taru threatened as if she was greeting them with happiness. They stood there not knowing what to do. Deciding not to risk their own lives they made no move towards them. Without a word she moved to the two snatchers and killed them without so much as even a blink.
“Were they going to attack?” Micah asked as he looked at their bodies now rotting on the ground. They had been relatively new.
“No,” she said looking at the horses tethered beside them. “But you need their horse.”
Micah could see that when she wanted something she would either get it or take it without caring who or what became the cost for it. She ripped the chain off the wall beside the door and the huge wooden door slammed to the ground making a loud bang against the smoothed dirt ground, gusting dust and dirt everywhere. After it settled he was covered in filth but she stood there without a trace on her.
“Coming?” She asked as she walked in through the door casually. He followed behind her dusting himself off.
The castle was completely barren inside, there was not one piece of furniture or artwork, which probably made sense because snatchers didn’t even need anything to stay alive. It was rather strange but logical, especially if this was only one of Oliver’s many castles. Which is the impression Micah had gotten earlier from one of the snatchers that Taru had killed.
The snatchers inside gawked at her frozen to their place from shock and fear. They were all dressed in silver chainmail and armour-like outfits that looked like it was from the dark ages. No one dare step in her way, they were not stupid enough to do that. She stopped and looked at one of them with a blank expression.
“Where are they?” Taru asked. The snatcher did not say a word, he merely pointed towards the narrow staircase that led up to one of the spires. “This snatcher will be coming back down shortly with the young Annie,” she said pointing to Micah. “If he is detained or is confronted in any way you will all die.” It was obvious that none of them doubted her words.
Taru started towards the stairs and Micah followed quickly not wanting to think about having to go back down there and walk through them. She walked up the stairs and they came to a door that stood at the last one. It was a simple wooden door with iron strips running horizontally along the top and the bottom to keep the wood slats in place. She didn’t bother knocking, instead she busted the door open and they found Annie and Oliver in there. This room was lavishly decorated and Annie sat on an oversized bed still gagged and tied. Oliver stood at the end of the bed speaking to her until they came in.
“Taru,” Oliver said as if he were sick and tired of her interrupting his plans.
“I told you not to play, Oliver,” she reminded as she came into the room, Micah behind her. “Take her,” she said to Micah without looking at him. He went over to Annie and started to untie her.
“She is mine and you cannot take her!” Oliver bellowed angrily.
“Would you like to die today?” She asked as if she really couldn’t care either way as she walked over to him.
“I think you are forgetting that I cannot be killed, thanks to your bane,” he said as if he held the ace card. As soon as Micah had untied Annie he picked her up and ran for the exit.
“And you are forgetting something.” He heard Taru say. “I can still kill you.”
Then Micah was too far away from them to hear anything. He ran out past the snatchers who did not move and he was on the horse and speeding through the forest before Annie had time to comprehend what was happening.
Oliver stood there looking at Taru ready for a fight. They stood there silently staring at each other, her deciding what to do and he getting ready for a possible attack.
“Let us strike a deal,” she offered shutting the door and blocking it from him.
“And what kind of deal would you like to make?” He asked warily. He had already been caught up in dealings with her in the past, ones where she had promised his safety. With her current threat of death it was hard to believe that she was truly a woman of her word.
“I will let you have Annie, however!” She said the word loudly to interrupt him talking. “It will only be when I give the word.” He thought for a moment before he answered.
“And what if you do not let me have her for centuries?” He asked not wanting to fall into one of her traps.
“I will let you have her within the year,” she offered. He stopped the smile from coming to his face so he didn’t give himself away.
“How do I know that you will keep your word?” He asked wanting a promise. She folded her arms and thought for a moment.
“I will tell you how I can die,” she said and it got the reaction that she wanted because Oliver’s face dropped in speechless incomprehension. “If I break my word you can kill me.”
“You can die?” He asked breathlessly.
“Yes, as far as I am aware by one method alone,” she answered. “Though if I hear you have tried without cause I will not hesitate to kill you.” He stood there silently for a moment. “Do we have a deal?” She asked tersely.
“Yes,” he agreed letting the smile come to his face. “Yes we do.” And just like that Annie’s fate was sealed.

CHAPTER 36:

Micah headed towards Martha’s manor because that’s the only way he knew how to get back then make his way to Baden. He didn’t count on what he encountered there. Jory, Martha, Everard, Adam and Eli stood outside arguing with each other. Their faces were a mask of confusion as they saw Micah ride up with Annie in the saddle.
Jory went into action immediately. He grabbed Micah off the horse and slammed him to the ground. Annie was left atop the horse not able to stop them.
“No wait,” she screamed at Jory as she shuffled off the steed and fell to the ground. “Do not kill him,” she yelled but no one seemed to hear her because Adam was there in an instant taking hold of her and pulling her away from Jory and Micah’s fight.
“Bring her inside,” Martha said rushing over to them. Annie saw Eli and Everard move towards the fray, Eli holding a dagger in his hand.
“STOP!” Annie screamed at the top of her lungs and everyone paused what they were doing and looked at her.
Jory was holding Micah against the ground and was about to throw a punch as Eli braced himself to use his dagger and everyone else just standing there stunned. Annie wriggled in Adam’s arms and he released her in his confusion. She ran over to Micah, stumbling on the way until she reached him. She pulled him out of a shocked Jory’s hold and he scurried to his feet, standing there in front of everyone’s judgemental glares. Micah was all dusty but he hardly notices enough to brush himself clean.
“What are you doing?” Jory yelled thinking she had lost her mind.
“He did not take me, he rescued me,” she said stretching her arms out beside her as if to shield Micah. She was a bit breathless from her sprint and was breathing heavily.
“Who took you?” Eli asked.
“What are you even doing here?” Annie spat angrily. “You have caused this whole mess to begin with.” She still blamed him for all of it because if she didn’t then there was no one to throw her anger at.
“I have come here because you are too foolish to help yourself,” Eli said starting to see what he had been told.
“How do you even know anything about me?” She asked thinking he must have been spying on her. Everyone looked to each other as if trying to avoid something. “What?” She asked thinking she was missing something.
“It seems there has been a mutiny against you,” Micah guessed from behind her, realising what they had done.
“Shut your mouth,” Everard growled ready to kill him. It took a moment before Annie realised what they were talking about.
“You all brought Eli into this?” She accused taken aback by their actions.
“Well our point seems to be proven by the fact you are standing in front of him,” Jory said trying to convince her.
“I told you he helped me!” She explained again. “I was taken by Oliver.”
“Which is exactly why we need you to be hidden better than you are now,” Jory argued.
“What, with Eli?” Annie asked as if she was disgusted. “He would probably steal me away from all of you as soon as he had the chance.”
“What do you know?” Eli shot back.
“We cannot stand here arguing any longer,” Annie demanded. “We must get to Baden.” Micah had told her what Taru instructed him to do and she didn’t want to anger her.
“Ugh!” Jory said exasperated. “Can you not think of your safety first?”
“Micah and I are leaving,” Annie warned walking over to the horse expecting Micah to follow but he didn’t move.
“We are not going to let you leave with him,” Martha said stepping in for the first time. Everyone looked at her in surprise at her serious tone.
“Martha,” Annie said thinking she would at least side with her and trust her. “We need to leave.”
“Why?” Adam asked deciding to step in also.
“You are being ridiculous, Annie,” Eli interrupted.
“Insulting her is not going to get her to agree with you,” Jory defended Annie.
“Jory, nothing else is working,” Everard disagreed.
All of a sudden everyone erupted into an argument. They were all throwing their opinion around as if they mattered. Annie was fed up and started to mount the horse. Before Micah could move Jory ran up to Annie and went to grab her. Before he could take hold of her Taru ran up and collided into him, throwing him back. He hit the ground from the force of her. The horse became unsettled and moved away from the commotion and left Annie standing there next to Taru. As always, Taru stood there looking frightful in her way staring at everyone.
“You?” Jory said as he stood up from the ground. He recognised her from the dress store.
“You,” she said back to him looking unimpressed by his existence.
“Who are you?” Everard asked thinking this could not be good.
“This is Taru,” Micah introduced her looking at them all to make sure they understood how serious he was.
“Taru?” Everyone who hadn’t known who she was chorused in utter astonishment.
“As in ‘the first’,” Micah clarified in case anyone missed the hugeness of it.
“Yes and I shall be taking Annie for a visit to Baden,” Taru advised. “Unless any of you have objections?” She asked knowing that if they did she could fix the problem easily. When no one said anything she took Annie’s wrist and started walking her to the horse.
“Let me ride with her,” Jory bravely broke through the silence and Taru looked at him curiously before something that he suspected was a smile came to her face.
“Very well,” she agreed releasing Annie. Jory came up to her and took her around the waist, leading her to the horse.
When they were in the saddle, Annie in front of him straddling the horse and Jory behind with his arms around her holding the reigns, everyone else followed behind nervously. They had heard enough stories about Taru to know they had no chance against her. They would all die if they didn’t do what she wanted and just like that they became puppets in her play. Her lifetime of cruel punishment to others had guaranteed their docility.
“Annie,” Jory whispered when they had some distance from the others. “I want you to know that no matter what happens I need you to be happy. I need you to have the life you have always deserved and with the person you choose. You are the most beautiful person I have ever known.” His words were filled with a fear of the unknown. They couldn’t see each other’s face but they could still sense how the other was feeling.
They had no idea what Taru had planned and even though she had helped Annie previously it didn’t mean they could trust her. Annie kept looking straight ahead letting the tears roll silently down her face.
“Jory,” she said masking her pain. “There is some part in me that does love you…” His heart tightened in his chest with her words and he held her a little closer. “But you know that he will always have me. I want you to be happy also. I want you to have a life that brings you only good things and love. I am starting to think that can only happen if I am not around to interrupt it.”
They were being completely honest with each other because they didn’t know if they would ever get another chance to say it.
“I love you, Annie,” Jory said doing a poor job of holding back his emotion.
“I love you, Jory,” Annie whispered and he closed his eyes when the emotion became too much. She left off the part that he already knew and that would hurt for him to hear, that she loved someone else more. The rest of the ride was made in silence as their heart broke a little more with every step.
What they didn’t know was that Taru had heard every word and it was exactly what she wanted to hear.

CHAPTER 37:

They arrived at the house and Baden and Stewart stood at the open door. Baden’s heart constricted with fear as he realised that Taru was with all of them. He ignored the other pain he felt when he saw Annie riding with Jory.
“What are you doing, Taru?” Baden questioned with anger in his voice.
She made her way to the front of the crowd and smiled wickedly at him before turning to face everyone else. They stopped walking when she looked like she was going to say something. It was early afternoon and the sun shone brightly, a contrast to everyone’s fear filled souls.
“Off the horse,” Taru directed and Jory jumped down helping Annie down with care. He stood next to her protectively. “Now all of you need to be standing over near the trees, far enough to be away from us but close enough to hear what is said.” They all looked at each other warily making their way as they were instructed. She only brought them along because she wasn’t sure if she needed witnesses for her plan to work. “Not you two,” she said to Annie and Jory. “Follow me.”
Annie and Jory looked at each other and before they moved he took her hand feeling more and more fearful for her. Annie let him take it because she was starting to feel the same.
“What is this about?” Baden asked, his friend still standing silently beside him.
“Baden, anyone would think that you do not trust me,” Taru said as if it offended her. “If you are not careful I will snatch the gift I have right from under you!”
“Do not let go of her, Jory,” Baden demanded keeping his eyes on Taru. This shocked everyone and distracted them for a moment from their anxiety. Jory took Annie around the waist and held her tightly.
“He will be letting go of her,” Taru warned through gritted teeth, looking at Jory sternly.
“Over my dead body,” he hissed.
“Annie,” Taru said bringing Annie’s eyes from Baden back to her. “Would you be so kind as to stand over towards the willow tree? Eli will stand beside you if you do not feel safe.”
Annie looked at Baden and after some consideration he nodded once giving permission. She looked at Jory and out of nowhere she wrapped her arms around him and held him with a fierceness that she didn’t know she had. She was about to die, she could almost feel it and she was more terrified than she ever had been.
“Be happy,” she whispered in his ear.
“I love you,” he said, a tear sliding down his cheek. Taru smiled at his love for her and it was the first smile she had genuinely smiled since she had been with her own love. It almost made her falter in her actions but she picked up where she left off quickly.
Annie moved over to the willow tree as Eli did and she felt as if it was mourning for her. When she stopped moving she was still close to the house so she could hear but far enough away from Taru to ease everyone’s worry slightly. Jory stayed where he was near the house and Baden watched Annie carefully from the doorway. She mouthed; I love you, to him as she tried to push away her fear. He mouthed it back and it felt like he was about to die from the strain of even the thought of losing Annie. He hesitantly looked back to Taru to keep an eye on her.
“Taru, please,” Baden said as he held back his tears.
“Do not speak,” she ordered talking to Baden but looking intently at Jory. He was staring at her wishing she would somehow just die. “Does anyone know why we are here today?” She asked to everyone but no one answered. “Good, what fun would that be? Now Jory, you are an interesting creature indeed…”
“Am I?” He asked as if he really couldn’t care less.
“Yes, would you like to know why?” She asked as if he had a choice. He shrugged his shoulders not giving her the satisfaction of his surprise. “As we all know you are quite the anomaly and there is one reason for that.”
“What would that be?” He questioned not understanding how she would know anything about him.
Taru tilted her head to one side as she looked at him. It was as if she was seeing something peculiar for the first time. Even when she was standing still her body would subtly twitch sporadically in a menacing way. Like there was so much rage in her she couldn’t contain it. It was unnerving looking into her bottomless eyes knowing there used to be a person in there. Now there was just an insane, unstoppable creature.
“Your mother was such a dear. So brave,” she said. “When I changed her she truly only cared about you.” Jory moved forward about to attack Taru but she held up a hand and he froze. “Try to touch me and I kill you…or should I say, I will kill her?” She twisted her displayed hand and pointed to Annie as she spoke. He looked over to Annie who stood close to Eli and he regained himself.
“Your father has never been quite the same since that night,” Taru said with something in her voice that no one could place. It was almost as if she genuinely felt sorry for him. “He is rather strong. He and I had a run in a decade or so ago and he managed to push a dagger through my heart. Of course it did nothing but still, bravo to him.” Jory’s eyes watered but he held back the tears. “I was going to kill him and I almost did but then I realised that he was your father.”
“Where is he?” Jory asked through gritted teeth.
“I let him go,” she said as if she never thought of doing anything else. “He was the father of my own creation.” It was as if she was saying these things to bait Jory in some way, to make him feel horrible and alone. Almost as if to make him want to die. “Sad really, two such broken men…”
“Why did you change her?” Jory asked as everyone stood in silent astonishment.
“I have my reasons,” she answered. “And they have worked out better than I could have imagined really,” she said glancing at Annie. “Since we are all here Jory, tell us which life would you save if you could; your father’s…” she paused. “Or Annie’s?” Taru looked at him meaningfully on her name.
Jory looked to Annie and his heart faltered in his chest. He couldn’t help the tears that came now and he looked to Baden who was watching him as if everything he had was on the line and it seemed that truly was the case.
“Are you saying if I do not choose then either my father or Annie will die?” He asked feeling sick.
“I am not saying anything,” she answered. “Merely curious is all.” She looked to Baden then back to Jory. “But if you had to choose then who would it be?”
“I would save Annie,” he answered not hesitating again. Taru smiled as if he just made her day.
“So you love her?” She asked.
“Why are you asking me this?” He said feeling like he was playing right into her plan somehow. “Is it not obvious?”
“Answer me!” She demanded harshly.
“Yes!” He yelled back and the tension and fear in the air was swimming around everyone. It was so thick it almost looked like a haze in the air.
“Tell us how much you love her,” Taru requested. “Tell us or she dies.” Jory looked to Annie and she gave him a pained face at what he was going through.
“I love her more than words can say,” he said pretending like no one else was around. He just looked at her and spoke his heart. “If I had to trade the air I breathe to have her then I would in a heartbeat. I have never found someone so all-consuming, as if I need her to be me and it hurts to know I will never have her.”
Taru felt a lump come to her throat at his words. She had never felt the urge to cry for centuries but now she was holding it back. She looked between Jory and Annie and almost wished there was another way. But there wasn’t. She had to do this for herself.
“Annie,” Taru’s voice snapped herself and everyone out of the softness of the moment. She knew Baden was breaking from the hurt but there was no time to think of the casualties. She had to do this to make sure it was done right. “Tell us, how do you love Jory?”
“Stop it!” Baden yelled, he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Do it or Martha dies,” Taru threatened. Everard took Martha around the waist and pleaded silently for Annie to comply.
Annie had no choice. She would never risk losing Martha for true words withheld, no matter how painful they might be to say. She kept her eyes away from Baden.
“I love him because…he is that excited feeling in me that I get when I know I am going to have a special day,” she blurted out before Taru could make good on her threat. Tears were coming down Annie’s face as she pushed past the pain as she looked at Jory. “And I realise he is what makes it special. I love him because he makes my soul feel like I have everything to hope for.” She took a long breath trying to calm herself. “He loves me regardless of whether or not I love him in return and he would do anything to ensure my happiness. I love him because of who he is…because he is everything I am not.”
Annie saw Baden’s face cringe in pain but he cleared it as soon as he could. It felt like she would almost prefer to die than be put through the torture of hurting Baden anymore. Jory felt euphoria at her beautiful words but was conflicted because of how much she was hurting to have admitted them in front of Baden.
“Now tell us, young Annie,” Taru interrupted her thoughts. “Tell us of your love for Baden.” Annie took a breath and closed her eyes to regain herself. She looked to Baden trying to muster the courage to contradict her previous words. She ignored Jory as best she could to say what she was about to say.
“I know he may not think it seems as if I love him,” she said as an apology to him. He looked at her wishing she didn’t have to go through this and loving her more for how brave she was. “But from the moment I met him he was all I could think about. He has learnt how to love even though he could have lost himself in the bitterness. It feels like if I had to live without him then it would not be living at all.” Annie’s voice broke and she paused for a moment. “I love him through all of the mess. I love him deep inside me, in a place I never knew was there until he stepped into it and overran my soul.” She buried her head in her hands and sobbed from the pain she was causing Jory and Baden. Eli put his arm around her and comforted her as best he could but there was nothing that could reach into her soul and take away the torment.
“Baden,” Taru yelled to break through Annie’s crying. “Tell us…?” Everyone knew the intended question.
Baden stood there looking only at Annie for a moment, so long that it seemed as if he wasn’t going to answer. Annie looked up to him when she thought she could withstand his love that she felt undeserved to receive. He broke the silence as soon as he caught her eyes.
“I love her because she is the goodness in me.” He took a moment to just look at her. “She is the only comfort that has rested in my soul…” He tried to blink away the tears but they fell regardless, his expression remained composed. “Though I am the weed and she is the flower she has not let me ruin her. Somehow she has managed to bring harmony to opposites and she has changed everything I thought I knew. If I were in doubt of the existence of my soul before I had her, then the fear was washed away after I found her…she became my soul.” Annie’s heart hurt to hear how much he loved her. “And I love her enough to let her walk away…and love another…If that is what she wanted.” Baden looked at her, giving her the option that would destroy him, with nothing but softness in his eyes.
Annie couldn’t help the slight panicked shake of her head to show him that was not what she wanted. Jory missed it as he was staring at Baden, stunned by seeing how much love he held for her for the first time.
To stop Annie from making her choice definite Taru interrupted and asked Baden her next question.
“How can you and Stewart be released from this prison?” Everyone looked at Baden but he remained silent. He refused to say the words that would mean Annie had to die. “Fine, be that way,” Taru said curtly giving up on him. “Stewart?” She asked not expecting him to answer and he didn’t disappoint, he simply stared at her. “Micah,” she yelled. “Tell us!” She demanded. He didn’t want to say it either but he did because he was afraid of Taru. He had seen what she could do.
“The only way…” He paused to catch his own emotion. He cleared his throat and tried again. “The only way is to sacrifice the love of the entrapped.” All eyes went to Annie and it felt like the guillotine blade rushing towards her.
“If you touch her I will make it my life duty to find a way to kill you,” Baden threatened through gnashing teeth.
“If only there was another way!” Taru screamed as if she was desperate for a way around it. She threw her hands up dramatically as if frantic for an answer. Then she put a hand to her lips as if she had just thought of something. “Everyone, I believe there is!” She said excitedly but no one joined her enthusiasm. “Annie is Baden’s love…” she said in a sing song tune doing a strange dance that edged her towards Jory. “But who is in love with Annie?”
As soon as the words trilled off her lips Annie realised before everyone else what Taru was meaning. She let out a deathly scream and ran towards Jory before she could be stopped but it was never going to be fast enough. Everyone looked to Annie as Taru came up behind Jory. He kept his eyes on Annie as she came running to him and was about to go to her but Taru was too fast. She gently placed her hands on either side of his face then bent down and whispered in his ear.
“Stop your heart beating,” she said.
Not knowing why, he closed his eyes and did as she suggested. The last thought in his mind was of Annie and as his heart beat its last Taru snapped his neck. He fell limply to the ground and lay there lifeless, gone from them forever.
With this sacrifice of love given, sufficient because one soul was bound to two, the curse was lifted from the dwelling and granted both within their freedom.
Annie’s desperate scream shrieked through the air and continued as Baden immediately ran to her upon his release and took hold of her. He pulled her away from Taru but she struggled against his hold. She screamed to be taken to Jory.
Jory’s family and loved ones rushed to him and Taru disappeared, out of sight but not out of mind. Stewart stepped out slowly and stood there watching the scene fall into emotional chaos as the screams and cries of those now more broken than before, floated into the air. Baden let go of Annie when he saw Taru leave and she ran to Jory as fast as she could. She pushed past everyone and collapsed next to him, grabbing his shirt.
“Jory!” She screamed his name as if he would hear.
She shook him with all her force trying to make him wake up but it wasn’t going to happen. Her tugging barely moved him as she was too weak from the sorrow. The reality that he was gone flooded through her as she gave up on caring about everything else and collapsed on his breathless chest. Everard stood crying into Martha’s arms as she cried with him and Adam stood there with Eli and Micah, a mask of sorrow living on their faces.
Annie’s tears fell into her heart until it was full and caused it to crumble into countless tiny shards, ripping through her soul and tearing it to shreds, leaving it hanging with no life.
And she was left empty.
She buried her face into Jory’s shirt and sobbed until she lost her voice. The soft afternoon light fell onto them as they mourned and everyone stood there lost. Everyone had something stolen from them that afternoon, something they would never be able to get back and could never be replaced.

CHAPTER 38:

Taru stood off in the distance watching the mourners for some time. She had never felt any regret since the day she lost her love but now it was trying to creep into her. She had been sure that Jory would make it but now she doubted what she knew. Before she could feel any more human, any more vulnerable, she ran away to be by herself for a time. And for the first time in centuries tears fell from her eyes as the brokenness of others burdened her soul.
“Adam,” Everard said haggardly. “Can you help me with his body?” He asked.
“No, where are you taking him?” Annie screamed hoarsely.
“We cannot leave him here,” Everard reasoned and Adam brought the horse around.
“No!” Annie protested.
“Baden, can you take her back to the manor?” Martha suggested gently.
Baden had been standing back letting Annie mourn but now he stepped in and lifted her exhausted body off the ground. At first she resisted but she had no strength to put up a real fight. She fell into Baden’s arms and he started carrying her back to the manor.
“Stewart, you can go with him if you would like,” Martha offered and he nodded respectfully before walking after Baden.
“I am sorry,” Micah whispered to them before he quietly slipped away to be by himself. It was too much to be around the pain any longer. No one had any desire for revenge anymore so they let him go without protest.
“Can I do anything to help?” Eli asked quietly as he watched the hurting family. Everard hopped onto the horse and Adam helped to get Jory on with him. Everard held his brother carefully and lovingly as he let the silent tears fall.
“Not at the moment,” Martha said keeping herself together better than everyone. Eli bowed his head then left to go back to his own manor.
Tonight was going to be long and lonely and it was going to hurt more than usual because there was the weight of everyone’s pain in it.
When Stewart and Baden made it back to the manor Stewart had chosen to go to the library to have time alone. He couldn’t believe the horrible events that had taken place today but he also couldn’t believe that he wasn’t stuck in that house any longer. Everything had changed in a split second and it scared him.
Meanwhile, Baden carried Annie upstairs and looked in all the rooms until he found hers as she slept in his arms. She had been silent the whole way home and had fallen into an exhausted sleep. He softly closed the door, managing the broken handle, and laid her on the bed. He laid down next to her and held her. Her breathing stammered in her sleep as her heart beat became erratic and it frightened him. She curled up against him and he held onto her tighter hoping that she would be able to eventually move past the hurt.
Downstairs, Adam walked into the library a while later to find his friend Stewart. He looked at Adam solemnly.
“Where are Everard and Martha?” Stewart asked as Adam took a seat.
“They have readied the carriage and are going somewhere,” he said uncertainly.
“Do they need help? How are they?” Stewart asked feeling like he should do something.
“Uh, they said they would be back as soon as they could,” Adam said with some confusion. “They invited you and Baden to stay for as long as you would like.”
“That is very gracious of them,” he complimented them without them being there. The men fell silent as they thought about the day’s events and were glad for the other’s company.
“Life is fickle,” Adam said out of nowhere. “It is best for us to take what we can and learn from the rest.”
“That is a wise thing you have said, Adam,” Stewart encouraged. “It is not what life throws at us but how we react that makes us stronger.” Again they fell into silence and contemplated the future and how fleeting it seemed.
Upstairs, Annie eventually woke and feeling arms around her she thought it was Jory until everything that had happened came crashing back to her. Suddenly she started crying and looked up to Baden.
“I am sorry,” he whispered to her and it made her cry harder.
“I am sorry,” she said through her tears that were for another. She buried her face into his neck and he couldn’t help the relief and guilt he felt.
He, a monster to hundreds, now held the only thing he ever needed and others had lost someone dear, someone who was truly a good soul. He felt like he had cheated life’s justice somehow.
“I love you,” she said. It felt like she didn’t want to wait to say it because she didn’t know what was going to happen tomorrow or even today. They could lose so much in a brief moment.
“I love you, Annie,” he said back to her. “I know you are hurting and that it feels like you are never going to mend. And I am not going to ask you to change how you feel or ask you to forget what you shared with him.” He opted not to say Jory’s name for her sake. “I just want you to know that I will be here for you. I will love you no matter what and I will live every moment of my life for you. I never want you to be afraid again and I will do everything I can to ensure you are protected. I will never leave you ever again.”
“I love you,” she whispered again. He kissed her neck softly as her warm tears trickled down his neck.
“Love you,” he whispered and he kissed her ear and hair and shoulder and every other place he could reach whilst holding her. He held her close and he could feel her breathing, her heart beating and it gave him a peace to know that he could hold her and protect her. He could be there for her when she needed him and he never had to be away from her again.
“Love you,” he whispered needing to say it once more. “More than anything.”
Annie fell asleep in Baden’s arms again and he just held her, content to do so. He tried not to think about if Taru had decided to use the other alternative to release them, which would have been killing Annie. That is something he would never be able to move past if it were to happen. He was sure if Jory could say it, he would agree that he would rather have been the one. Jory would never have wanted anything to happen to Annie just as much as Baden. And suddenly tears fell down Baden’s face as he felt sorry for the loss of Jory.
The day ended with everyone thinking how grateful they were to have what they did and avoiding having to think about everything they didn’t.

CHAPTER 39:

The night was cold as Taru knelt there at the willow tree where she buried her love so long ago. The house was abandoned now as everyone who knew of it had only nightmares about it. They would never want to see it again. The dress she wore was covered in dirt from the ground but she didn’t care. She drew patterns in the soil above her love’s grave and remembered what it was like to touch him. It had been so long yet she still remembered his smell.
“Miss you,” she whispered softly to the ground, to him.
“Well,” Jiel said from behind her. She had felt him approach but didn’t move. She didn’t care what he did. She wanted this over. “You have been quite busy today. I must say you were rather clever in finding a way around Baden’s release.” He didn’t seem angered or impressed.
“Is there something you need from me, Jiel?” She asked bluntly not bothering to turn around.
“As a matter of fact there is,” he said casually but she knew he was getting irritated. “It is the same thing I have been asking for centuries now.”
“You will get it,” she answered pulling weeds out of the ground.
“What I am curious to know is why you do not bring it to me now?” He said suspiciously. “From what I have seen I think they are quite ready.” Taru froze for a moment then forced herself to continue pulling weeds as if there was nothing amiss.
“I have to make certain,” she lied. There was a part of her that did not want to put others through what she had, just so she could be released.
What would it be for anyway? She had no one, nothing to live for. Everyone she had ever known was long gone and she would be stuck here. But she had another plan that would ensure she wouldn’t have to live with the torment. She just had to make certain that Jiel never suspected it.
“We have been so close before and I thought I was certain many times and look where we are?” She paused for a moment, acting as if she felt frustrated at disappointing him so he would believe her. “Back where we were at the beginning.”
“What do you intend to do about it?” Jiel asked calmly, partially believing her deceit.
“I have made arrangements to ensure we will know before the year is out whether it is true or not,” she answered. “We have not come this close to have it snatched from us again.” It was quiet for a time. Taru wanted him gone but he hadn’t finished with her yet.
“Taru,” he said her name almost sweetly and she knew he was about to try something. She stopped fiddling her hands on the ground and lifted her head to listen, though still not turning to him. “I think you need some motivation to regain momentum in your task.”
“What would that be?” She asked disheartened. Whenever he had used the word ‘motivation’ in the past it meant a solid beating until she was willing to comply. He never killed her, just tortured her enough so she understood that he could make her existence intolerable for eternity.
“If you bring me what I want…” he paused for a long while as if in contemplation and she rolled her eyes at how dramatic he was being. “Then I will bring him back to you.”
She was on her feet in an instant and searched his face to see if he was lying. He stood there with no hint of torment and she saw that he seemed to be truly offering her this. The thing about Jiel was that because he was such a powerful being he could hide his soul from others whenever he wanted but this time he chose to let it show. And, in all its blackness, it displayed nothing but truth and there was no being in existence that could show something in their soul that wasn’t there.
“Who will you bring back?” She asked not letting her hopes get too high.
“I will bring Healey back to you,” he clarified and he knew this would be impossible for her to refuse.
She stood there frozen to the ground. She could not believe what he was saying, why would he do this? Why did he want what he was asking for so much? She knew why he couldn’t take it himself, his kind were not permitted to manipulate or harm humans but they could make humans do their bidding if the human chose to…or turn them into monsters like he had done to her, though she had wanted it at the time, then they could do as they pleased.
“Why would you offer me this?” She asked deciding it was too good to be true.
“Because I want something else from you…” He said and she held her breath at what it might be.
“And what would that be?” She finally asked. The idea of having Healey within her reach was too tempting not to entertain the thought.
“Along with what we have already negotiated, I want you to include another,” he said. “An opposite.” She thought for a moment about what his words might mean.
“A man?” She deduced. Jiel smiled his menacing grin and his eyes looked wide with hunger.
“Not just a man. I do not want one of these trackers or snatchers or whatever else may present itself along the way. I want a human man. I do not want something already tainted,” he said disgusted.
“I think that would be manageable,” she reasoned thinking how to accomplish it. She was starting to taste the idea of having Healey back.
“But I want him in love with her,” he clarified.
“What, why?” Taru raised her voice to ask. “There are already too many involved with her. It would be near impossible to make yet another love her.”
“She is the only one to ever have truly loved a snatcher…a monster.” For the first time he gave her an explanation when she had asked for it.
“But Healey loved me,” she reasoned feeling hurt.
“He loved what he thought was a human,” Jiel said intending to break her a little more and it worked. “Who knows what he might have done if he truly knew what you were.” Taru stood there as her stomach clenched and her heart beat rapidly from the painful thought that what he said might be true. “But she has loved even the worst of your kind,” he continued. “And that is a heart that is very valuable, full of unconditional love. Destroying purity is the easiest way to accomplish many things in the circles I come from.”
“So apart from what I already must do, I also need to find a human man that will fall in love with her?” She summed up and he nodded with a satisfied smile. “Love is so hard to find,” she argued.
“And if you wish to see your own love again then I advise you find a way,” he suggested.
Taru stood there deciding what to do. She had already had her own plans in mind in regards to her future and that of others but here she stood with an opportunity that she never thought she would have. And the temptation became too great as she pictured herself in the arms of Healey. Just like that, all the goodness in her soul that had started to grow was snuffed out by her own selfish desires.
“I accept,” she declared before she could talk herself out of it.
“Very well,” he said with a smile. “Ensure she remains human, Taru,” he advised reminding her of what she already knew. “I shall be seeing you soon,” he said then he disappeared into the night.
Off in the distance she could hear someone approaching and she hid in the trees, not because she was scared but because she was curious. She watched as Micah approached the house and stood there looking at it as if in awe. Then she saw the tears that had stained his face and she couldn’t hold back her inquisitiveness. She stepped out of the trees and as soon as Micah heard her approach he looked over and froze.
“What are you doing here?” She asked looking at him as if he were strange. He didn’t seem surprised that she was there. He thought about running but if she wanted to kill him he would have no way to escape.
“I…” He hesitated then decided if she was going to kill him then she was going to know the truth. “I came to reflect on the pain you caused today,” he said bluntly. She found him brave that he was so forward with her but she also thought he was stupid for doing so.
“And you have not caused pain to others?” She asked knowingly and suddenly she was in front of him before he could move. He took a step back but stood his ground. He went to answer but stopped, she was right. He had hurt many people.
“Then I suppose I am here to reflect on my shortcomings also,” he confessed shamefully.
Taru stood there studying him and she found that he genuinely regretted what he had done. She looked to the willow tree and thought about how much she had lost because of the selfish choices she had made. She wanted better for Healey, she wanted to give him back the life he was meant to have before she took it from him by loving him. And the life he deserved was one where she would not be there to ruin it. She couldn’t help the tears that came to her eyes and Micah stood stunned at her emotion. He didn’t know what to do so he stood there awkwardly hoping she would stop.
“I am starting to understand these things,” she explained as she wiped away the tears. He realised he was seeing a side of her that most likely no one else had ever seen.
“Tell me why you do this? Why you are the way you are?” He asked.
“At one stage in my long life I could have answered without hesitation,” she said. “The motivation came from hating mankind…or more so men. But what I witnessed today…” She paused to take a moment. “After all this time I think I may be learning how to see the goodness in them. That there is some hope out there.”
“The more heart you gain the more it hurts,” Micah said understanding what she was saying. He felt himself relax somewhat at seeing that she actually did seem to resemble a person with some heart or at least, a developing one.
Taru looked at him with new eyes from his words and she saw that he was quite handsome. It had been so long since she had talked to someone without having to scheme her way around them. This was the first time since Healey that she had been herself.
“May I ask for something from you?” She said and this was the first time she had ever given someone a choice. He nodded hesitantly, unsure of what she might say. “May I have a kiss?”
Micah didn’t know what to say. He hadn’t known what she was going to ask but he certainly didn’t expect that. He watched her as she waited for his answer and he thought she seemed…nervous. She wasn’t twitching in her strange way as she stood there. She looked vulnerable to his rejection. Not knowing why he stepped towards her and placed his hands on her face gently. She shivered from his touch for it was the first contact she had with anyone for centuries. She didn’t dare move because she didn’t want to scare him. She stood motionless as he leaned his head towards her and pressed his soft lips against hers.
He kissed her with a carefulness that she had never known and it stirred the soul in her to warm. He broke away from the kiss and to his surprise he actually enjoyed it. Once you looked past all the crazy, and though she may have been a complete mess inside, she was enticing in her own way.
His hands lingered on her face and he stroked his thumb against her cheek hoping it would comfort her. He felt sorry for her because she was someone who truly had no one. She was the loneliest thing he had ever come across, even lonelier than him.
“Thank you,” is what he thought he heard her say before she disappeared.
He stood there for a time thinking about everything that had come to pass. He had not let Taru know that he had witnessed her encounter with Jiel. Everything felt like such a mess and he didn’t know where to go from here. He was hoping that he would soon have direction.
He turned to leave the place that haunted him and many others and as he did he placed his hand against his lips remembering the kiss. He smiled to himself and hoped that Taru had gotten what she was wanting from their intimate moment. He was oblivious to the fact that she had received more than she had expected. She had felt cared for.

CHAPTER 40:

Everard and Martha steered the carriage up to the familiar gates of the institution in the middle of the night. On their journey they had some hopeful moments and some hurtful ones but they had arrived none the less. The gates were opened for them and they drove up to the entrance and came to a stop. Amaury came out to find them in the courtyard.
“What do we owe the pleasure of such a hasty return?” Amaury asked cheerfully until he saw the pain on their faces. “What has happened?”
“You said that if I needed anything to come to you,” Everard reminded. Without another word he led Amaury around to the back of the carriage and opened the door. Jory lay there lifeless and Amaury stood with what seemed exaggerated shock from what he saw. He looked to Everard and Martha.
“Bring him in, I have something to show you,” he said and with a click of his fingers two snatchers were there to help with Jory’s body.
The men who helped were dressed in a subtle uniform, mainly made of blue velvet with no chainmail. Amaury usually liked to keep his ‘army’ of sorts under wraps but this was an extreme circumstance and Everard already knew of their existence.
They were led through the vast institution and finally came to the room that they had occupied the last time they visited. Amaury held the door open for them and they walked through, gently placing Jory on the bed, Martha in tow. The two nameless snatchers left without a word spoken. Amaury closed the door and came over to stand next to Jory on the opposite side of the bed to Everard and Martha.
“He was…” Everard paused before he used the word killed. “Taken from us a few days ago but his body remains in perfect condition,” he explained.
“I know,” Amaury said surprising them.
“What do you mean ‘you know’?” Martha asked furiously.
“I have someone here who may be able to shed some light on what happened,” Amaury said obscurely before someone came through the door faster than they could see. The door was slammed shut and Taru stood in its wake. Everard lunged at her but Amaury stood in his way.
“Do not be foolish,” Taru warned him and Martha took Everard’s arm gently, pulling him away to settle him.
“Taru came to me after the events transpired,” Amaury explained. “She informed me as to what happened and has been waiting here for you to make your way.”
“And why would you do that?” Everard spat the words. “To torment us?” The words hurt Taru but she didn’t let it show because she deserved them and a lot worse.
“I have come to right my wrong,” she said simply. Everard and Martha stood staring at her as if she had spoken another language. “As you know my bane helped to create what Jory is,” she pushed through their silence to explain. “My bane creates immortals, not just soul snatchers as they can be killed.” Everard looked to Jory then back to Taru.
“So he should be alive then?” Martha spoke when she saw Everard was too stunned to form words. Taru turned to her and gave her a look of recognition before looking back to Jory.
“Before I…” Taru paused. “Hurt him I told him to stop his heart beating. If he did this then it should be fine…theoretically.” She had been told by a reliable source that this would work, in fact she had almost been guaranteed it.
“What? Why? How?” Everard asked frantically.
“When a snatcher is created their heart stops beating for the time it takes for them to change and recommences when it is completed,” Taru went on to explain. “By stopping his heart the bane should have assumed he was becoming a snatcher. By breaking his neck I simply killed the tracker in him which sufficed as a sacrifice because technically he died.”
“Why could you not just make him a snatcher the painless way? Would that not be a death?” Martha asked thinking Taru was simply out to hurt.
“Because that is not technically dying,” Taru answered holding back her annoyance, thinking Martha’s emotions were standing in the way of her common sense. “Becoming a snatcher is a transition not a death.”
“And what if he did not stop his heart beating? Or what if you are wrong?” Everard asked not ready to accept the hope that was nagging to creep into him.
“Only time will tell,” Taru said bluntly. Everard and Martha looked at each other trying to ignore the hope so they wouldn’t hurt more later on.
“How long will it take?” Martha asked. Taru took a moment before she answered.
“I thought it may have been completed by now but I cannot say for sure,” Taru answered trying not to let her worry show. She went to leave but stopped before she opened the door. She turned back to them trying to decide whether to tell them.
“Is there something else?” Everard asked.
“If he comes back keep him out of sight,” Taru warned. “He cannot be seen by Jiel.”
“Who is Jiel?” He asked.
“Someone you do not want to have to add to your list of trouble,” she said ambiguously.
“Thank you,” Martha blurted out when she saw Taru move to leave. Everyone in the room looked at her surprised, Taru included. “I know that you hurt our family but you also went to some length to keep our family together and I am one to give credit where credit is due,” she said humbly. Taru felt her eyes well with tears and she looked away to hide it.
“Your gratitude is only deserved if the aim is accomplished,” Taru answered. “Do not tell anyone of my help.” Then she left before anything else could be said.
So Everard and Martha were left with a slim hope that their family could be repaired and they would not be left with a pain that would burden and torment their souls for their existence. The only thing was, everyone else they knew and cared about would have to live with the scar of it, never knowing that the one they missed was still alive. That’s if he made it. But they believed it was a reasonable price to pay for the sake of Jory.

EPILOGUE:
APRIL 1805

Just over a week later Annie ran to the door when she heard Martha return. They threw their arms around each other and Annie wept again as she tried to deal with the pain and the loss as Martha tried her best to compose herself and keep her tears in check. Annie was dressed in a charcoal grey dress, one that reflected the turmoil within her.
Baden stood off to the side and gave them their moment. Out of respect for Jory he wore all black but remained in just his peasant shirt and casual pants. Seeing Annie’s soul so lifeless and lacking colour was hard for him. It had become a burden to him and oppressed his own soul.
“Where did you go?” Annie asked burying her head into Martha’s neck.
“Everard is at the institution to have some time to grieve,” she answered softly. “I went with him but came back to see how you all are.”
Baden watched Martha carefully, there was something about her soul that held the smallest glimpse of joy and he wondered where that came from.
“Are you going back? Why is Everard not coming back? What about Jory’s grave?” Annie asked wildly.
“Did Adam not tell you where we arranged to have him buried? He was buried a few days ago,” Martha informed stroking her friend’s hair to try and calm her.
“Yes but I did not want to go there without you,” she said bursting into another bout of tears. “Why were you not here?”
“Darling,” Martha said gently pulling her away to look into her face. “I think you need to visit him alone.” Annie looked at her with huge, teary eyes and didn’t say anything. She turned to look at Baden then back to Martha.
“Are you sure?” She whispered. Martha nodded and brushed Annie’s hair out of her eyes.
“I am sure Baden will take you there,” she suggested knowing that he would.
Martha walked Annie to Baden and gave him a solemn smile. She could see the strain in his face and felt for him at the pain of seeing his love breaking right in front of him for the loss of another, knowing there was nothing he could do for her but simply be there. He took Annie in his arms and silently thanked Martha before she went to find the others.
“Would you like to go there now?” Baden asked softly and she nodded, not being able to speak.
When they arrived at the cemetery Baden took her straight to Jory’s grave. He had visited with Stewart out of respect and it had been harder than he thought it would have been. Though something about the grave felt strange to him he couldn’t place what it was.
“Would you like some time alone?” He asked as she stared at the grave. She nodded her head not being able to look away from the tombstone. Baden moved into the trees where she could not see him but where he could see her.
Annie knelt down on top of where Jory’s body would be beneath the ground and reached out warily to touch the gravestone. She had not come here because she was waiting for Martha and Everard but there was another reason too. She had not been brave enough to face it. Seeing the grave would mean it was all real. It would mean that Jory really was gone and would never be coming back. Her tears came silently and did not obscure her vision as they were falling too fast. Her hand dropped beside her as she read the gravestone. His birth and deceased dates and name hurt to see but the words were what sunk a sharp pain into her heart.
The most loved because he loved.
Annie had given the words to Adam to have inscribed. She wished that there was a way to trade places. Somehow give him back his life in return for her life taken. She had never hurt like this before, even after her father left and her mother died it was different. It had hurt but she knew one day she would be whole, or at least mended. The loss of Jory felt like it would be a wound forever open, not even healing into an eternal scar. Her eyes were sore from the constant crying and her soul felt weary from the pain.
“Goodbye, Jory,” Annie whispered to him. “I will love you forever.” She could barely say the words before they were stolen by her tears. She buried her face in her hands and cried.
Baden heard Annie’s words and a silent tear fell down his face. He would never show her but it hurt him to know that she loved Jory. To him it felt like the man who she deserved was now gone and she had to settle for someone who wasn’t enough for her.
Taru stood far enough in the distance so Baden didn’t realise she was there as she watched Annie. She had hoped with everything in her that Jory would make it but Martha and Everard had had him buried after she visited them so it seemed that he did not. She shed tears for the loss she had created in so many lives. Watching Annie felt like it hurt more to see, she looked like she was truly lost in all the mess. Taru regretted what she had done and found herself feeling more human than she had ever felt. Though she left hoping that she could escape the sadness she was found wrong, it followed her as she ran and it would continue to follower her no matter how far she went and how fast she went there.
Annie and Baden were left alone in the cemetery again as she mourned. Her love for Baden was obvious to the others but her love for Jory had been genuine too and though she didn’t want to have to choose between them she would have given anything to have the burden of loving the two of them if it meant Jory was still alive.
Baden came over when she stood after countless moments at the grave and put his arm around her waist.
“Let us go home,” he said and kissed her temple. All evidence of his sadness tucked away in his well-guarded soul.
They walked slowly away from the place Annie was too scared to even think of.
Sometimes in love there are casualties and other times fatalities. Some are lucky enough to come out unscathed or even only badly bruised but others lose everything whilst still having so much. Though Annie still had someone she adored and loved deeply, her soul struggled to understand why she was hurting but her heart refused to mend itself. So she was stuck in the battle between what she felt and what she knew.
If there was a cure for pain then the world would look like a different place but for now all everyone had was the hope that they would not have to suffer through too much of it.
And the day ended as they always did, with Baden covering Annie in his love, doing everything he possibly could to try and bring her some peace. And though the pain of losing Jory was constant her love for Baden grew with every passing minute. Who knows, maybe one day her soul would feel alive again? Only time would tell.

