Soul Life
Annie Nadine
This book was self-published by the author Annie Nadine Cecil.
Copyright © Annie Nadine
All rights reserved.
The right for Annie Nadine Cecil to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her under the Copyright Amendment (Moral Rights) Act 2000.
The moral right of the author has been asserted.
This work is copyright. Apart from any use as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968, no part may be reproduced, copied, scanned, stored in a retrieval system, recorded or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without prior written permission of the publisher.
Cecil, Annie Nadine.
Soul Life / Annie Nadine.

PROLOGUE:
FEBRUARY 1806
	Annie stood there as she watched Baden disappear into the night. She knew that she loved him but she had abused the expectation that he would know. And now she was left without him.
The manor was empty of everyone but her and it made her glad. She deserved to feel lonely, she deserved everything she got. She was selfish and had not set the boundaries in place that were needed to ensure that she respected her relationship with Baden. She folded her arms across her chest trying to make the coldness within her soul disappear but it persisted. It always would because the only one who truly set her soul alight was Baden and he had left.
This was nothing like the time when he was trapped and had pretended not to want her for her own good. This was nothing like that because she was brave enough to face the world if there was a man that didn’t want her for his own reasons. But when the one she loved wanted her but had to leave because she had hurt him, it tore through her soul like a razor and it cut through her heart just the same. She had hurt Baden, she had seen the pain in his eyes.
And now she was empty.
Annie was now free to do as she pleased but she didn’t want anything else other than to see Baden. The thought of having anyone else hold her filled her with disgust. Standing there in the dark, peering out the window was making the reality of it seep in like an aching fever. It started to feel like she couldn’t breathe. She placed her hand around her neck to try and relieve the tightness of her collar but it did not help. The choking feeling became more intense. Her tears were a torrent as she gasped for air. He lilac dress felt heavy against her body, like a weight too difficult to carry. The long sleeves felt like a strait jacket, containing her arms so she couldn’t move.
She couldn’t take the sight of the room anymore. She ran downstairs, through the kitchen and burst through the back door as fast as she could. No one was there to warn her or comfort her because they had all left to give the couple some privacy.
Annie was usually a level headed person but after the past year’s events it was only natural that she was starting to lose her calm. It was all worth the hardship if Baden was at the end of it but now he wasn’t.
Now she had no one.
As the thought of a lifetime without Baden crowded in she became desperate. The wind whipped her hair around as she ran to the barn, causing it to fall out of the pins and against her shoulders. As she ripped through the stables she tripped and fell into a soft, fresh pile of hay. There she buried herself and cried until her lungs burned and her body begged for her to calm down. But she wouldn’t, she couldn’t
As she lay there she felt something pushing against her leg. She felt around through the hay and found that it was a rope. The moonlight cast through the window was her only source of light as she stared at the rope.
Maybe this was her answer?
She was sick of life. She had never been one to focus on the things that hurt but now that she was feeling so desperate she couldn’t help but add up the list. Her father had left them because he didn’t love them, her mother had died. Micah, her best friend in the world had betrayed her. Eli despised her because she didn’t have enough sense to push him away sooner. Nathaniel was dead because of her and Jory, she couldn’t even bear to think how much she had hurt him. Everyone she knew had been hurt in some way because of her. Now Baden had left because she was a stupid girl who couldn’t be faithful. She was useless, her whole life was worthless.
As these thoughts and more swam through her mind she felt dizzy. She couldn’t take it anymore, she couldn’t take life anymore. She was nothing but a burden to everyone.
One of the more tormenting memories she tried to push away but couldn’t was that Jory had been killed because of her then brought back to a life that was completely in shambles.
Annie couldn’t see past the pain, she couldn’t think straight. If only she took a moment to try and think past her overwhelming emotions then she wouldn’t decide to do what she was about to.
Overcome by her emotions, Annie decided to do something that she never would have contemplated before. She would take her own life. If only the rope hadn’t been there, maybe she would never have thought of such a thing. But it was and now it was too late.
Scurrying to her feet, keeping hold of the rope, she kicked through the hay towards the ladder that led to the rafters. A few planks of wood had been laid across some of the rafters to make another level for more storage. On the way she grabbed a lantern and lit it with a flint hanging nearby. As she made her way up the ladder her heart beat faster and her soul started to feel relieved. The hurt would all be over soon. When she had no life left in her she wouldn’t have to deal with living without Baden and the pain that it caused.
On shaky legs she wobbled out onto the loose planks until she had made her way towards the edge. Carefully placing the lamp down amongst the loose hay, she calmed herself as best she could. The rafter that she needed to tie the rope around was a little further out than the ledge so she had to lean over. Butterflies flew around in her stomach when she looked down, the distance was further than she thought. Tying the rope as quickly as she could she stepped back and tied the noose at the other end.
When it was done she looked at the rope that was covered in yellow lamp light. As she stared at it there was something in her that told her not to do it. She swallowed hard and pushed away her good sense which allowed her emotions to rule again.
With a tear stained face Annie pulled the noose over her head and tightened it against her neck. She stepped up to the ledge and looked down. Even now she thought she could hear his lovely voice call her name. How she wished it was real.
“Goodbye, Baden,” she whispered. Then she stepped off the ledge.

CHAPTER 1:

Baden ran through the trees. His tears were falling fast but because of the wind and the speed he was running at they were drying quickly. He could see perfectly through the night but his emotions were interfering with most of his senses. This is why he didn’t sense that someone was near.
Suddenly something collided with his chest so hard that it threw him back over a hundred feet. He crashed into a huge tree and it broke at the trunk causing it to tumble over into the still forest. He regrouped himself quickly but he didn’t have any energy to fight, his soul hurt too much. When he was standing he didn’t bother to move.
“What do you want, Taru?” He asked defeated.
Taru ambled out of the trees holding the huge log she had used to wallop Baden across the chest.
“And what do you think you are running from?” She asked menacingly.
“What does it matter to you?” He spat the words. “She does not love me Taru! You cannot use her soul for the sacrifice because she does not love me unconditionally.”
Taru had never seen Baden vulnerable like he was just now and it made her uncomfortable.
“You are a fool if you think she does not love you!” She hissed. “You are a fool for leaving her!”
“She kissed Oliver!” He yelled, letting the pain rip through him. “She loves Jory! Goodness knows how she feels about Eli!” Taru started laughing at his words.
“I can assure you that it was not for enjoyment that she kissed that slug, Oliver! As for Eli, he is a weak excuse for a man,” she reasoned. “And would you like to know something, Baden?”
“No!” He yelled angrily.
“I will tell you anyway.” Her smile was crooked and strange as she looked at him. “As far as her feelings for Jory, in comparison to how her soul lights up when you are near, it is a bright contrast to how it flickers weakly for him.”
“How would you know?” He asked irritated that she was trying to help.
“All you see is her soul when you are near therefore it is always alight with joy you imbecile!” She rolled her eyes. “When you are gone her soul dims and even when Jory is around it is hardly enough to light a match let alone her loins. When you are near it is like a blazing inferno.”
Baden looked off into the night to contemplate Taru’s words.
“You think that love is easy?” Taru’s tone was mocking. “It should not be a burden but it definitely is work because no one is perfect. Life is full of trials but if you choose someone then make it work.”
“Why are you doing this?” He couldn’t understand why she was trying to help him.
“Do you want to end up like me, Baden?” She asked. “I have hurt everyone that I claimed to love…do not become the beast I have.”
As Taru’s words fell onto the wind they haunted Baden. He was running away from the one he wanted because he couldn’t forgive her, after everything she had forgiven him for.
“The last I saw of Annie she was in the barn. Her heart was far beyond despair Baden…” She waited until he was looking at her. “I think she may do something irreversible.”
When Baden caught onto what Taru was saying he didn’t bother to stick around. He ran back to the manor, towards Annie. Hoping with everything in him that he wasn’t too late.
Taru threw the branch to the ground and stood there for a moment with a smile on her face. That was until Jiel decided to make an appearance. No words were spoken between them. With nothing but a fierce look between them, one of anger from Taru and one of pleasure from Jiel, she left him to revel in his small victory. Now that Baden was going back to Annie, Jiel’s plan was back in motion.
As Baden came upon the barn he could hear Annie sliding the rope around her neck.
“Annie!” He yelled into the night. He heard her footsteps along the wood. He reached the door and as he did he looked up and saw Annie, she was about to step off the ledge.
“Goodbye, Baden,” Annie whispered.
“NO!” He yelled with a desperateness he never felt before. The words burned his throat as he tried to hold back tears. How could she be doing this?
Moving faster than ever before, he made it to the rafters just as she stepped off. He grabbed her quickly, he had no time to try and be gentle and she was jerked back midair. It caught her off guard and she gasped, having no idea what was going on. He pulled the rope from around her neck and whipped his wrist to snap it from the rafter, letting it drop down into the hay. He spun her around in his arms and she looked up at him stunned by his presence.
“Annie.” He breathed her name with relief as he pulled her into his arms. “Never do that again!” She buried her face into his chest and let her tears fall.
“I am sorry!” She yelled desperately into his chest. “I am sorry for not showing you how much I love you.”
Baden let them both drop into the loose hay atop the rafters and held onto her with all the relief in the world. They lay there wrapped in each other’s arms.
“Promise me that you will never do anything like that again!” Baden begged. “Annie, never try to do that again!” He was panicking, fearful that she could even come to the conclusion that killing herself was the only option.
She cried into his chest trying to regain her breath. She held onto his shirt as if it was her lifeline.
“I am sorry,” she kept repeating, over and over again.
Baden took her face in his hand and forced her to look at him. It was hard for her to see through the tears and the dim light but she could and it calmed her heart to see his beautiful face.
“Annie, please promise me that you will never do anything like that again.” His voice was soft and full of tears as he looked down into her face. The face he loved.
“I do not know why, I just…I could not take it anymore. Everything I had been through was worth it if only I had you and then when you left…” She rambled trying to make sense of why she was about to do what she almost did.
“Annie, Annie,” he said to calm her and she stopped talking as she looked up into his face. “Promise me,” he begged. She saw how desperate he was for her to promise him.
“I promise, I promise,” she vowed breathlessly.
She was confused as her emotions started to level out. What she was about to do frightened her because she had not been thinking straight, she had let her emotions rule her and it had almost killed her. She was shaking a little from the adrenaline and the cold. Baden gathered her closer to him and rested his face in her hair in relief.
“I love you, Baden,” she whispered. “I love you with all of me and I am sorry that I have not shown you that. I will, I will show you if you please just stay.” Her voice was so small that no one else would have been able to hear her but he could.
“I should not have just left, I should have stayed and we should have talked about it. I was just hurt and…”
“No,” she interrupted. She looked up at him, needing to see his face. “I made you feel like second best when I should have made you feel second to none. I was acting like some stupid adolescent not being loyal to you. You deserve better and I promise I will do everything I can to prove that.”
“Annie, I missed you,” he whispered.
He had heard everything she had said and he didn’t mean to seem like he had just ignored her but he had to tell her how he felt, he needed her to know. With everyone else gone and the selfishness of others out of the way he could show her how he really felt about her return from Oliver.
“When I saw you in the library my heart completely stopped. My relief was paramount when I saw that your soul was unmarred by what you had been through. I am sorry! I am sorry that I did not protect you better. I was falling apart without you.”
“You did everything you could, Baden. Your brother kept where I was from you. Thank you for what you did, for searching for me.” She touched his face, needing to feel his skin.
“Eli?” Baden clarified. “He came for you?”
“Yes, he helped me escape and he followed me home to ensure I was safe.” Annie started to realise how ungrateful she had been to Eli.
“Annie, I love you.” He was frantic to say it so he said it again. “I love you.”
“Baden, I love you.”
Their words turned into kisses as they desperately needed to show each other how much they cared. Each kiss turned more passionate than the last. They grabbed at each other, pulling each other as close as they could get. Their love was stronger now as they had been through so much. For all their time apart they had not lost their fervor for each other. Annie grabbing his hair and Baden holding tightly onto her thighs. Hay stuck to their hair and clothes but they didn’t care. They had each other and they promised to love each other and they would work through everything for each other.
Soon he was kissing down her neck and chest. Her breathing was heavy and she didn’t care how far they went, in fact she wanted them to be as close as they could possibly be. She started unbuttoning his shirt and he did nothing to stop her. She pulled it off his back and felt along his bare, smooth chest, down to his pants. He started unbuttoning the back of her dress as she unclasped his trousers but she didn’t get very far. In an effort to move closer to him she pushed her foot against the ground but accidently kicked the lantern off the ledge. It fell onto the ground, spilling the oil and igniting a fire below them.
They kept kissing through the havoc until Baden decided that the fire could cause more trouble than it was worth. He peeked over her shoulder, reluctantly moving his lips away from her chest.
“I probably should put that out,” he said. He wanted to keep going but the fire was just going to spread. He looked at Annie who was looking as disappointed as he was by the interruption.
“Probably,” is all she said.
Using all the will power he had he ran down and used a blanket to suffocate the fire. When he was done he made his way back to Annie in the rafters. He sat down next to where she lay and just stared at her.
“I think that it would be best if we did not continue where we left off,” he suggested as he pulled his shirt back on. She looked up at him disappointedly and dropped down against the hay.
“I guess,” she said fiddling with a piece of hay. He snuggled down next to her and nuzzled his face into her neck.
“Do not fret, we will be married soon enough and there will be nothing stopping us then.” He grazed his teeth along the skin of her neck and she shivered from delight.
“And when might that be?” She asked grabbing his hand and moving closer to him.
“Whenever you like.” He continued to focus his attention on her neck.
“Let us forget all the others we invited and let us get married tomorrow,” she proclaimed and it made him look up at her. His surprised face slid into a smile and he pulled her closer.
“Truly?” He asked not sure if she was joking.
“Truly. We have all of our true friends here. There is nothing stopping us is there? Unless you are uncertain?” She asked vulnerably.
“No, not at all,” he assured. “Not at all.”
They smiled at each other as if they were conspirators as they snuggled next to each other in the hay.
Far off in the distance Taru heard the two repair their love and it brought relief to her soul. Relief that didn’t last long as she felt a little conflicted, now she was going to have to go through with her plan. There was going to be an end to centuries of searching but which end would it be? Now everyone was in danger again, especially Annie.

CHAPTER 2:

The next day Baden and Annie tried to organise the church but it was booked until a week’s time so they decided that was close enough. Before they went back to the manor they talked about her being changed and ended up deciding that they weren’t sure how long the process would take, because everyone was different, so they chose to wait until after the wedding to change her. That way they wouldn’t have to worry about having to put the wedding off any longer.
That night they gathered everyone in the library; Martha, Everard, Adam, Stewart, Micah, Healey and Jory. Everyone was wearing just casual clothes, the women in comfortable dresses and the men in dressed-down suits, opting not to wear any of the trimmings. This group was a close bunch and there was no need for pomp.
“Annie and I have moved the wedding forward to within a week’s time!” Baden announced with a huge smile on his face. He was holding onto Annie’s hand and they looked as smitten as ever.
Everyone looked at them as if they had spoken another language until they registered what they said.
“Congratulations!” They chorused, rushing over to them to hug them both. Jory remained in the background, not wanting to ruin their moment. He had already done enough of that.
“Annie, who will walk you down the aisle?” Martha asked.
“Welllllll…” Annie extended the word for anticipation’s sake. She moved through the group of her friends, reluctantly letting go of Baden’s hand. She walked up to Adam and took both of his hands in hers. “I would like Adam to.”
Adam stood there overcome by emotions at her thoughtful gesture. He looked around to everyone trying to find words.
“This is when you say yes, Adam,” Stewart prompted him, rolling his eyes.
“Yes!” Adam proclaimed and pulled Annie into an embrace.
“For goodness sake man, do not trip her up the aisle!” Stewart jested which earned him a hard glare from the ecstatic Adam.
“He will be fine,” Annie assured with a huge smile. Adam and Annie eased out of the embrace easily and she moved back over to Baden.
When she reached Baden she couldn’t help the yawn that escaped her. He thought she looked adorable and laughed at the sight of her.
“We will get you to bed,” Baden decided. They both said their goodnights to everyone and went to their room.
“Let me practice my walk!” Adam said excitedly as he lined himself up between the furniture.
With a look of pure concentration he started mechanically walking down the aisle. Everyone watched, a little confused at what he was going for but was not surprised when he managed to trip on the lip of the rug and fall into the unlit fire place. He got covered in soot and muck and Stewart’s booming laughter was the only one that could be heard. Martha slapped Stewart’s arm and made her way over to Adam, helping him up out of the mess and brushing him off.
“I will help you practice a little,” she promised trying not to get the dust on her dress.
“He may need a bit more than a little,” Healey offered constructively. Adam wasn’t offended by Healey’s words but he was offended by the laughter it provoked from Stewart.
“You two,” Martha said shaking her head at Adam and Stewart.
Upstairs Baden lay next to Annie as she rested with her eyes closed. She had dressed in a simple nightgown and was happy to be in Baden’s arms. A light rain started to drizzle outside but she felt only warmth.
“How are you feeling?” He asked. He could sense that her soul was quite peaceful.
“I am excited to be, Mrs. Baden Brighton.” She smiled from ear to ear, keeping her eyes closed. He kissed her forehead feeling rather pleased by the thought himself. Suddenly her eyes shot open and she looked up at him urgently.
“What?” He asked feeling a little panicked.
“What is your middle name?” Suddenly she realised that she didn’t even know.
“It is Arthur,” he informed with a smile. “After my father.”
“Baden Arthur Brighton…it is so distinguished.” She liked the sound of his name. “Are you curious about mine?” She teased.
“No.” Before she could be offended by his answer he finished what he was going to say. “I know that your name is, Annie Louise Belle.”
“How?” She looked at him accusingly.
“When I first discovered you I sought out everything I could find about you.” He held her closely as they spoke.
“That is rather complimentary…though the thought of a stranger finding out so much about me without my knowledge is quite a discomforting one,” she mused. He laughed at her observation. His laughter came from a mixture of relief and joy, joy that she was his.
“And you are feeling good?” He asked again and she looked at him curiously because of it.
“I said that I am good. Is there something I should know?” She started to feel a little worried.
“No, nothing I can think of. I am just making sure you are feeling fine after what happened in the barn.” He looked at her meaningfully and now she understood.
“I am not going to go jumping off any cliffs nearby, if that is what you are asking,” she assured.
“I should hope not. But if you are ever feeling like that again, please come to me.” He didn’t want her to ever feel that low again.
He usually tried not to peer into her soul to give her privacy but after what had happened he would take a few glimpses now and again to check. Though he failed more often than not because with her soul it was hard to not look at it, it was as if it called to him. With others it was easy to block out but hers it took effort, a lot of effort.
“What if you are not there for me to go to?” When she asked she couldn’t look at his eyes. He took a deep breath in before he answered.
“Let us make this deal right now, my Annie.” She liked how he used ownership with her name. “Let us promise each other that no matter what, we will work together at what we have to always make it better. We will never walk away in the heat of the moment and we will hear what the other has to say, even when it is hard to.”
“I promise,” she said feeling comforted by his words.
“I promise,” he mimicked her. “Now get to sleep! We have a huge week ahead of us.”
Annie snuggled into Baden and soon she was fast asleep, lying next to the love of her soul.
When Baden knew Annie was asleep he slipped out of the room and found Stewart playing a game of chess with Adam in the library.
“Stewart, can you do me a favour?” Baden seemed focused and this caught Stewart’s attention.
“Of course,” he said before he even knew what it was.
“I need to go see somebody. Whilst I am away can you keep an eye on Annie for me?” After everything that had happened it would be crazy for him to leave Annie alone.
“Most definitely.” Stewart stood and moved a piece on the board and looked to Adam with a smile. “Check mate.”
Adam looked to the board in disbelief and tried to see where he had gone wrong.
“You cheated!” Adam accused as Stewart walked out of the room and up to Annie.
“Better luck next time,” Baden offered before he was out the door and on his way.
He ran through the trees and towards a place that he never thought he would be stepping a foot near again. When the manor was in sight he slowed down as he approached. He knew where he would find Eli, he was in the library. Instead of just letting himself in, Baden knocked on the door to the main entrance and waited for it to be answered. Garrick opened the door, not being able to help the shocked look that came across his face. As usual the older gentleman was dressed immaculately, poised ready to serve.
“Would you please ask Eli if he would care to see me?” Baden asked politely.
Garrick stood there a moment and it almost seemed as if he would refuse him. After a brief pause Garrick nodded slowly and closed the door to go and check with Eli. Eli already knew that Baden was there so when Garrick came and asked him he wasn’t surprised. He nodded his head after a moment of reflection.
Garrick came back to Baden and didn’t say a word, he knew Baden would already know Eli’s answer. Baden usually didn’t use his abilities unless he needed them, it made him feel more normal if he didn’t, but when he was around Eli his survival instinct kicked in and he was on full alert.
Garrick led Baden to the library where Eli was standing beside his desk. Eli gave Garrick a nod to leave and he left the brothers alone, closing the door to give them some privacy.
Eli and Baden stood there in silence staring at each other. It looked as if Eli had just arrived home from a social event as he was still wearing a full suit, except for the jacket which was draped over the back of his desk chair. Eli had a little stubble which was so unlike him but after Annie had left he had stopped caring about a lot of the little things.
Baden was unassuming as he stood there with his hands in his pockets, wearing his usual casual pants and loose peasant shirt. Even though Baden was the most fearsome creature to walk the planet he still looked approachable. This irritated Eli.
“I am probably the last person you expected to come to your doorstep,” Baden broke the silence. Eli just nodded. “I have not come to cause trouble. I have come to say thank you.”
Eli was caught off guard by his words and actually took a step back. Baden expected nothing less and wasn’t offended by his brother’s shock.
“You saved Annie and I could not be a more grateful man.” Baden was truly thankful for his brother’s intervention, even though he didn’t cooperate with him to save her.
This would be a defining moment for Eli, he could either accept his brother’s thanks which would start to repair a heavily damaged relationship or he could make it all worse.
“Well…that was not quite what I expected.” Eli took a moment to think about his next words. “I presume you know that I did not do it for you and I think that referring to yourself as a man was a rather generous description.”
Baden hadn’t expected Eli to be overly welcoming but he didn’t have to be an arrogant, prideful person when Baden was being humble for once.
“Regardless of what you think of me, I am still grateful.” Baden thought it would be best to leave it at that so he started to turn away.
“If I had known she would be silly enough to go running back to you once she had her freedom there is a chance that I would have left her there.” Eli didn’t really mean the comment and Baden knew that but it didn’t stop the anger he started to feel.
Baden stopped when he was near the door but he didn’t turn back to Eli. Instead he took hold of the handle and opened the door.
“Then I guess it is a good thing you did not know.” Baden tried to keep himself under control.
“Do not count yourself lucky so soon,” Eli warned. After Annie had left, Eli didn’t know when to practice discretion. His emotions became the ruler of his decisions and it did nothing to help him.
“You just do not know when to quit do you, Eli?” Baden turned to him but remained where he was.
“I would say I know just as much as you. Was it three or four years that you wreaked havoc on innocent people’s lives?” Even though Eli had been extended an olive branch he refused to accept it because of who it came from. He was too full of pride for his own good and that was why he was lonely, he just couldn’t see it.
“Well then count yourself a better man than myself so you can sleep better at night.” Baden moved closer to Eli but forced himself to stop, he wanted to let it drop but Eli had other ideas.
“I do, every day,” Eli tormented. Baden stood there stunned at Eli’s hatred of him.
“You are unbelievable, Eli. I came here to say thank you and all you can do is retaliate with hatred.” Baden walked out of the room but Eli followed him.
“No matter what you do you cannot fool me, Baden. You are still the monster you were before, you just hide it better now,” Eli accused.
“And you are the stubborn man you always have been,” Baden threw the words over his shoulder. He moved to the entrance of the manor quickly and walked out before he turned to Eli and told him what he really thought.
“Annie will realise the truth at some point and then she will not be able to stand the sight of you!” Eli called through the darkness of the night but Baden was already gone.
Eli went back inside and closed the door. Garrick stood there looking awkward after the encounter.
“That could have gone better,” he commented, referring to Eli’s actions.
Eli ignored the only constant person in his life and went back to the library, just as stubborn as always.

CHAPTER 3

Back at the manor Annie woke up to find that Baden was gone. She sat up in panic but before it could get the better of her Stewart spoke.
“Do not fret, he is just out. He will be back soon,” he assured her from his seat across the room.
Annie’s heart slowed with his words. She wasn’t surprised in the least that Stewart was there, she knew why he had to be. She felt safer that he was watching over her. Slowly she started to move out of bed.
“Where are you going?” He asked, worry obvious in his voice.
“I am thirsty.” She put on a nightgown and went out the door, Stewart following her downstairs.
When they reached the landing at the bottom Adam came out of the library in a flurry.
“It is about time you woke up, Annie!” Adam sounded indignant.
“It is the middle of the night,” she commented thinking him silly.
“Stewart, let us rematch.” Adam sounded like an enthusiastic child.
“You have been waiting all this time for that?” Stewart laughed at Adam’s impatience.
“Yes. The board is set. Come!” Adam walked back into the library and sat himself down in front of the board, staring at the pieces as if they were whispering to him. Stewart looked unsure of what to do.
“Let me guess Stewart, Baden left you in charge to guard me?” Annie deduced from his stalker-like ways. Stewart looked at her innocently and shrugged his shoulders. “It is fine. Your constant presence was probably needed in the bedroom but I am downstairs now and there are numerous snatchers who can account for my whereabouts.”
“Stewart!” Adam called from his seat.
“Go. Baden will be fine with it,” she insisted. He looked torn for a moment but eventually saw the logic in her words and decided to go into the library.
When Stewart was seated across from Adam, Annie left with a smile as she headed towards the kitchen. She had just poured herself a cup of water when Jory walked in the back door.
“Oh!” He said surprised to find her there. “I thought you were asleep?”
Her mouth was full of water and suddenly she forgot how to swallow. She had taken too big a gulp and couldn’t think of anything else to resolve the situation so, as gracefully as she could, she spat the water back into the cup.
“I was but I came down for a drink,” she explained, holding up her cup awkwardly and wiping her mouth. “Where have you been?”
“Just went for a run.” His hair was a bit scruffy and he was wearing casual, light clothing. They stood there for a moment in silence, not knowing what to say. “So…I best go pack.” He tried to move away but she stopped him with her words.
“Pack, are you going somewhere?” She wondered.
“Yes, I am going back to the institution.” He didn’t elaborate, he didn’t want to have to face her about this.
“What about the wedding? Are you not going to be there?” She felt hurt that he wasn’t going to stay and be there for her.
“Well something has arisen and we need to take it to the institution. It is a man you apparently know named, Nathaniel.” Jory used the excuse to distract her.
“Nathaniel? What?” Annie was so blindsided that she forgot their argument.
“I will show you.” He walked out of the kitchen and she followed, leaving her cup of water behind. They went to the sunroom where Nathaniel’s body lay. Annie stood there staring at it for a good ten minutes in silence.
“Why does it look like he is merely sleeping?” She asked, completely stunned. She reached out to touch him but then backed out at the last minute.
“We do not know why. We are going to take him back to the institution to see what we can gather,” Jory explained.
“Who is ‘we’?” Annie wondered. Were more people leaving?
“Well, Martha and Everard will eventually come back to the institution but I will leave ahead of them.”
“Then why can you not stay for the wedding if they are?” She asked.
“Well, we do not know how long Nathaniel will be in this preserved state so we need to act fast. So they can stay, I will go.” He mainly kept his eyes on Nathaniel as he spoke.
“That is an excuse and you know it Jory,” she accused. “It looks as if he will be in this state eternally! Be honest, you are leaving because of all the mess.”
“I told you, I cannot remember you…”
“Jory!” Annie had enough of the games and just wanted everything out in the open. “I know that you can remember me.” After she had a little time to think about her return and finding Jory again she had decided he was merely lying to her for some reason. She just couldn’t see it at the time because of everything that was going on.
“I cannot!” He argued weakly. He moved away and sat on the lounge across from Nathaniel. She gave him a stern look and he gave in. “Fine, I remember everything.”
Annie took a seat next to him trying to keep her smile away.
“Do not laugh.” He said without conviction because he started to laugh himself. Suddenly they were both laughing thinking themselves both ridiculous.
“As if I could forget you, Annie.” His words became very tender and he was looking at her with those eyes. At one point it would have melted her to have him feel that way but not now, not after what she and Baden had been through.
Baden had come into the manor and Stewart said the last he saw Annie was in the hall. He didn’t seem panicked which made Baden feel a bit better but he would be completely at ease once he laid eyes on her. He heard Annie speaking with Jory in the sunroom and he quietly made his way to them. He waited outside, deciding not to go in just yet.
“I know that you and I have been through so much, Jory.” She started her speech softly, she wanted to ease into it. “And I cannot tell you how it plagued me that you died because of me.”
“Annie, do not think that.” He tried to take her guilt away but she wouldn’t have it.
“No, it is true. I am the only reason that Taru did that to you and it was because I was naïve. I should never have let you and I get that close.” She regretted what she did. “Because of my selfishness I have hurt not just you but Baden also. If I chose to continue the way it had been between us, now seeing the wrong I have done, then I would not deserve Baden and his love.”
Annie wished she had never done all the things she had but at the time she didn’t realise they were wrong or had convinced herself the situations weren’t what they so obviously were. And she could accept Baden’s forgiveness for actions she did unintentionally but now that she had learned her lessons she would never expect forgiveness for things she did that she believed were wrong as she was doing them.
Jory simply nodded, seeing that she was saying goodbye.
“And you are happy with him?” Jory asked, looking at her wondering how such a lovely creation loved someone like Baden.
Annie paused for a moment and it felt like Baden’s heart stopped beating altogether. The suspense was tangible as he waited for her answer.
“I am not happy with Baden,” she said honestly and Baden lost all the breath in him. “I am far past just being happy because he is what makes me who I am.”
Baden closed his eyes in relief and covered his heart with his hand. For a moment it felt like he could have died.
“Then it seems that I am bested,” Jory conceded finally.
“But Jory, I would love for you to be there at my wedding because you mean so much to me.” She looked at him with so much pleading that he almost gave in.
“Annie…” He looked around the room to try and stop himself from losing the battle with his emotions. “I cannot do that.”
She decided not to push him because she didn’t want him to hurt. It was selfish of her to even have asked him to do such a painful thing. She couldn’t stand the thought of having to watch Baden marry someone else.
“Thank you,” she said and he looked at her as if she were silly. “You have been so kind to me from the moment we met and your friendship has meant so much.”
“Well, I must admit that my feelings towards you may have swayed my opinion of you slightly,” he confessed. They gave each other a little smile and then he stood. “I must go pack. I promise to see you before I go.”
“Jory wait,” Annie called before he could leave the room. “Are you really with Acacia?” Jory burst into laughter at the thought of it.
“For goodness sake no, woman!” He said happy to be rid of that lie.
“I was going to say!” And with a wink, Jory left her to her thoughts.
When Jory came out of the room he practically ran into Baden and he looked surprised by the encounter.
“Well…then that is that,” Jory said nervously. Baden gave half a smile and Jory took that as his queue to leave.
Baden walked into the sunroom and found Annie bent over, looking closely at Nathaniel’s face. She stood up quickly as if she was guilty of something and was relieved to see it was Baden.
“What are you doing?” He asked in a silly voice as he came over and swept her into his arms.
“I was just inspecting my friend here.”
“I could see that,” he said through a laugh.
“Do you think there is something that can be done to bring him back?” She asked, astounded at the state of his body. Baden looked at the man on the settee and wondered that himself.
“I have to say that I do not know but apparently they are going to try and find out at the institution,” Baden answered. Annie leaned into him and he gave her a kiss on the forehead.
“I hope so, he was such a comfort to me when I was locked away. It feels as if it is my fault that he met his end.” Annie felt good to confess her guilt to someone. She had already told Baden all about what had happened when she was imprisoned and he had listened and comforted her but it didn’t stop how awful she felt about Nathaniel’s death.
“Annie…” Baden waited till she looked up at him until he continued. “You cannot account for the actions of others, only your own. I believe someone really wise said that to me once.” Annie smiled because she remembered that she was the one who had said it to him.
“I think that was me,” she played along.
“No, no.” he shook his head exaggeratedly. “Definitely not you.”
She laughed at his silliness and he couldn’t help but join in. They decided to leave the sunroom, it was starting to get a little awkward standing around a partially dead man.
“So tell me, mysterious Baden. Where on earth did you go off to in the middle of the night?” Annie trusted him so she wasn’t asking for any other reason than curiosity.
They walked with their arms around each other, naturally comfortable. Baden let out a defeated breath and thought whether or not he should tell her.
“You know I will pester you until you confess,” she trilled playfully.
“I went and said thank you to Eli for rescuing you.” Annie stopped walking in shock. She looked up at him in complete awe.
“My Baden Arthur Brighton, you are all heart.” She was so impressed with his actions that she stood on tiptoe to kiss him. Baden didn’t tell her how Eli reacted because there was no use in bringing him down with his words.
“If I am all heart, my Annie Louise Belle, then it is all you,” he complimented. Before they could get into a war about who was what to the other Baden jumped in. “Now back to bed, missy! Do you have any idea what time it is?” He scolded.
Rolling her eyes they started walking again, him getting her started with a little pat on the backside. She laughed and grabbed his hand as they made their way through the manor, back to her room where she slept by the side of her love.

CHAPTER 4:

So Jory said his goodbyes to Annie and the others, taking Nathaniel to the institution with him. He left in a horse and carriage, storing Nathaniel’s body in the sheltered, seated part. It really looked as if he were merely transporting a sleeping passenger.
Jory forced himself not to look back as he rode off, he knew if he did he would take back everything and do all he could to have Annie. But every time he imagined doing that he would lose himself in the sadness of never having Annie because he wasn’t the one she wanted.
Not long after Jory’s departure the big day arrived, Baden and Annie’s wedding day.
Annie’s small group of friends waited in the church for her; Martha, Everard, Micah, Stewart and Antoinette. They were all dressed so beautifully and made sure they looked impeccable for the special day of two people they all truly cared about.
Baden stood at the altar with the minister, the son of the minister who married his parents. Baden was dressed immaculately in a perfect suit, not missing any detail and looking all the more handsome for it, for the day he considered to be the most important of his existence. The day that would begin his forever with Annie.
The church was small and quaint, painted all white outside with dark wooden pews inside. Everything looked beautiful through its simplicity. Simple and beautiful, which summed up Annie well because she didn’t need to be adorned to be beautiful.
Annie was outside the small, picturesque church and she looked magnificent. The day was crisp and perfect and Antoinette had outdone herself this time with her wedding dress. The whole dress fit snuggly against Annie’s figure nicely from shoulder to feet, the style being very ahead of its time. The white silk underlay was covered in a delicate white lace. The sleeves were to her wrist and frilled very slightly at the cuff. The neckline was elegantly swooped and under the bust was accentuated with an ivory ribbon. Annie’s hair was swept atop her head in soft curls, with ivory ribbons weaved throughout her hair matching the one at her bust.
“Annie, you look incredible,” Adam said for the millionth time. He looked very dashing and manly in his suit.
Annie nodded her head anxiously in response as they waited outside for the pianist to strike the first key.
“Adam, can you do something for me?” Annie whispered breathlessly, she was nervous and it was starting to get the better of her.
It’s not that she didn’t want to marry Baden, she just wanted a moment alone to gather herself before she stepped into the next phase of her life.
“Anything,” he assured.
“Can you go wait in the vestibule? I just need a moment alone.” Her eyes had so much pleading in them it made his plan to refuse her pause.
He looked reluctant to give her some space but then decided that he would be close by so he nodded and walked inside. He stood just inside the side door that opened into the foyer and waited, staring at the two large closed doors that were the entrance into the church hall.
Unbeknown to everyone, that morning Jory had made his way back from the institution to see the wedding. He would sneak in the back and watch, leaving before anyone could notice him. The only one who might notice was Baden but he wouldn’t tell, for everyone’s sake. Jory wanted to be there for Annie, he cared for her too much not to support her.
Annie moved a bit further away from the door Adam had just went through to give herself some more privacy. She closed her eyes and placed her hand over her stomach to settle her nerves, not realising that she was being watched. When she was a little girl she had envisioned her wedding with all of her family, including her mother and father with her. But her mother wasn’t alive and she had lost track of the rest of her family. Annie hadn’t missed her mother so acutely than she did just then.
Annie heard the first note ring through the air and she opened her eyes, though she didn’t move because she was too stunned.
Taru stood in front of her. She was dressed in formal attire, as if she would be attending the wedding herself and it caused Annie to pause. The dress was not ripped or tattered like usual, it was prim and proper. A soft pink to contrast her crazy hair.
Before Annie could gather herself together enough to scream Taru put her hand over her mouth and grabbed her around the waist so she couldn’t move.
“I am sorry to do this now Annie but there will be no other time,” Taru whispered and whisked Annie away and out of sight.
Jory stood off in the distance frozen from what he had just seen. He wasn’t strong enough to stop Taru by himself but she was swiftly getting away with Annie. He didn’t have time to get the others, he had to follow or else Annie would be lost forever. So with great stealth and care he followed at an undetectable distance, making sure not to lose them. Taru didn’t seem to be moving that fast which made it easier.
Baden stood at the front of the church, overjoyed within himself that he was finally marrying Annie. As the piano note rang out he looked to the entrance in anticipation, as did everyone else. Suddenly Adam came running in, panicked beyond control.
“She is gone!” He yelled.
Baden stared at Adam as if he didn’t make sense. When he had finally gathered himself together and realised what was happening he raced outside to find nothing. Baden hadn’t heard anything because he had been too busy imagining the rest of his life with Annie, too happy to feel anything else.
“Why were you not with her?” Baden asked looking around desperately.
“She asked for a moment alone,” he answered.
In the distance Baden saw an ivory ribbon clasped to the branch of a tree. He slowly moved over to it and took it gently in his hand. He looked over at Martha who had covered her mouth to try and silence her crying for she knew that was one of the ribbons from Annie’s hair.
“She has been taken,” Baden whispered in disbelief.
Taru held Annie in her arms as she ran through the trees and away from the church. Annie could do nothing but hold onto the maniac that had abducted her. Low lying branches would flick her in the face and she could do nothing else but cover her face with her hands. Soon the running slowed to a stop when they came to the house where Baden and Stewart had been trapped and Taru stopped suddenly, placing Annie on her feet. They did not go into the house though, they just stood outside sheltered by the trees.
“Annie, I am sorry!” Taru said again and Annie just thought she was crazy.
“Why do you keep saying that?” Annie yelled. She wasn’t scared, nothing she could do had any influence on her life anymore so there was no use treading on eggshells.
“Because I wish that you did not have to go through this,” Taru confessed. “Jiel will be here any moment so you need to know what the plan is.” She seemed frantic, almost hysterical.
“Plan?” Annie rubbed her hand across her brow anxiously as she kept as much distance between her and Taru as possible. Taru paced as if she was nervous.
“Yes, centuries of sacrifice are going to end today.” Taru looked around to see if she could feel Jiel. When she couldn’t she looked back to Annie and started to explain. “Jiel was the being that changed me centuries ago and because I tried to save Healey he demanded something else from me. He demanded that I find a soul that loves unconditionally.”
Annie was shaking her head, stepping further and further away from Taru. Taru grabbed her hand and pulled her closer.
“Listen! Your life depends on it!!” Taru hissed. Annie nodded frantically, scared out of her mind at what was going on. Her face pale with fright as Taru restrained her hands. “For centuries I brought him people. Humans, they always had to be human. I tried all different kinds of love; brotherly love, companionship. I sacrificed Oliver once but it was not enough.”
Annie recalled Oliver’s story he told her of how he was changed and now the pieces of the puzzle were beginning to come together.
Jory snuck up quietly through the trees and listened from a distance. He was standing behind a tree so he could only see Annie but she looked afraid. He wanted to go to her but he didn’t know what he could do. He tried to devise a plan as Taru spoke.
“For centuries we could not find anyone, Annie…not until we found you.” Annie was starting to see where this was going. “I tried to separate you, tried to make you love others. I tried to make you love Jory because he would be easy for anyone to love. But by you loving Baden it made you stand out.”
“How did you even know about us?” Annie was shaking in fear. She knew she was about to die and she wasn’t even going to be able to say goodbye to Baden. The thought brought her looming tears to the surface.
“I have changed many, Annie. I have turned humans to snatchers all over the world to try and find someone. I would study people from afar, decide whether they would be a good choice to experiment with. Centuries ago after sacrificing hundreds of humans to no avail I thought the only unconditional love that would be enough would have to come from a human loving a snatcher…a monster. Jiel liked the idea and encouraged me to continue with the plan, sometimes even choosing the ones I should change. So I changed people and waited and watched.” Taru didn’t have time to explain everything that had gone on, so she abbreviated the points she thought were necessary.
Annie was crying in earnest now, it was all coming into place. Her life seemed to be the result of the plan of this sick snatcher.
“For hundreds of years no one could love us but then you loved the worst of us.” Taru seemed astounded by this. “But do not fret, I have devised a plan Annie. You will be able to have your love.”
“How?” Annie asked through the tears. She didn’t know what to feel anymore.
“I had Oliver abduct you so that it would prove to Jiel that you were truly the one that would work. I needed him to be convinced. Now that he is I will refuse to sacrifice you and he will be so livid that he will kill me.” Taru had half thought that when Baden left Annie Jiel would let it go and decide Annie wasn’t the one but he was adamant she was, which reinforced the theory for her plan.
“But will he not just kill me after you?” Annie wasn’t feeling so good about this little plan Taru had concocted.
“He cannot, Annie,” she assured. “Jiel is from another place than us and his kind are not permitted to interfere with anything unless they have consent from the person. That is why he does his work through his creations. Souls must be brought to him, he cannot just take them. If I do not sacrifice you he will not be able to.”
“This will not work!” Annie grabbed Taru’s arms in panic, shaking her a little to try and make her see sense. “I will die!”
“No, Annie.” Taru was adamant. “I will refuse to kill you and he will be so enraged that he will kill me.”
“Then you will die?” Annie had no idea why Taru was even doing this.
Taru slowly pulled her arms out of Annie’s grasp and looked at her solemnly. It was the first time she had looked almost…human again.
“Yes, Annie. I have lived for thousands of years…I need to die,” Taru whispered. Her eyes showed the depth of her regret. “I am sorry, Annie. To you, to everyone I have wronged. I was selfish and through my selfishness I have been the mother of a species that are worse than nightmares. I am sorry.”
Annie felt sick to her stomach. She held her hand against her chest to try and catch her breath again.
Just a moment ago she was about to get married to the man she loved, now she was taking the guilty confession of a centuries old creature who was on a suicide mission. This could not end well.

CHAPTER 5:

Jory stood in the trees and watched as Taru rattled off her crazy plan. He had to do something but what? He was no closer to coming up with a plan than when he began trying.
“Jory!” Taru called out to him unexpectedly. Well, at least he didn’t have to think of something. He ran into view and Annie looked at him, yet again surprised into silence.
“I came back for your wedding…surprise!” He explained weakly. He was dressed superbly in a full suit and his presence helped to calm her somewhat.
“That is so lovely,” Taru said sarcastically. “Look, Jory. You must go get the others. I left a trail for them but they obviously have not found it. Bring them back here, keep them hidden amongst the trees until you see Jiel take me. Then come out and grab Annie.”
“I do not want to leave her with you alone,” he said as he tried not to completely lose it. He kept his eyes firmly on Annie and wished he could comfort her somehow. Tears glistened in her eyes as she looked at Jory desperately.
“You must!” Taru yelled. She didn’t have time for anyone’s hesitation.
“I thought you said Jiel could not do anything to me?” Annie asked nervously, finally taking her eyes off Jory to look at Taru.
“He cannot kill you or take your soul but he might be able to abduct you, I am not quite sure,” she answered as if it was nothing.
“Splendid,” Annie remarked. It was all becoming too ridiculous for her to even react to now.
“You were our enemy just moments ago,” Jory argued. He had no idea what he should do.
“I saved you Jory, do you not remember? Now please shut up and go! We do not have the time to waste!” Taru looked around panicked that it was too late.
Jory looked to Annie for the answer, she shrugged her shoulders just as perplexed as him.
“Just go,” Annie said, flicking her hands through the air to prompt him.
And with that Jory was running, leaving her alone with Taru. After the silence between the two women had stretched way past uncomfortable Annie couldn’t help herself.
“Why are you helping me?” She asked Taru, curious as to her reasons.
“Because…I regret it all, Annie. And you…you are my chance to make it right. To take it all back.” Taru looked like she had nothing left, a woman with a burdened soul desperate for absolution.
And for the first time Annie felt sorry for Taru. And just like that Annie’s forgiving soul forgave a seemingly undeserving creature, as it had many times before. In that instance Taru’s look changed from one of sadness to one of uncertainty.
“What is it?” Annie whispered as she looked around the field cautiously.
“There is something strange about your soul,” Taru answered. Her comment caused Annie to look sharply back to her in question. “I cannot place what it is but there is something in your soul that is unlike every other human soul I have ever seen. And there have been many.” Annie swallowed hard.
“Is…that…bad?” She asked feeling worried that there was something she might need to know.
“I do not think it is bad…” Taru explained as she looked into Annie’s soul as closely as she could. “Ever since I have seen you I have tried to understand it but I have not been able to. Whatever it is, Jiel desires it more than I have seen him want anything I just do not know the reason why he wants it. I am not even sure if he knows exactly what it is either. But he wants whatever it is in you more than he even wanted Baden.”
“Baden?” Annie asked curiously. Taru saw no need in hiding it now.
“Jiel asked me to change Baden all those years ago but I am not sure why,” she answered. “Baden does not even know that.”
Jiel? Baden? What on earth was going on? Would there ever be enough pieces of the puzzle to put together to see the whole picture? Annie was beginning to doubt it.
Jory ran as fast as he could back to the church. Everything was such a mess but he let his panic spur him on. As he ran he found that the others had started to trail through the woods, searching for Annie.
“Baden!” Jory yelled when he saw him. Baden looked up and didn’t even register the surprise within himself at seeing Jory. “I know where Annie is, we must go now!” He yelled to everyone from afar.
They had left Micah with Healey and Antoinette back at the church so it was Baden, Stewart, Adam, Martha and Everard who followed. As they ran Jory explained what was going on and what he had heard Taru explain. This was all such chaos.
Baden ran ahead towards the house where Jory told them Annie was being kept because he was faster but would it be fast enough?
It was just before noon, the sun was high in the sky and it was hot. Annie was under the shade of the willow tree with Taru when she felt a slight breeze pick up and then Jiel came walking out of the trees. His coat was black and covered every part of him, except for his face, his haunting yet intriguing face. As he walked it was almost as if he hovered and Annie thought he was one of the most frightening things she had ever seen.
“Beautiful Annie,” he said with a smile that made her feel sick. Then she realised who he was.
“You are the man from the general store,” Annie realised aloud.
He didn’t answer her straight away. Instead he made his way over to her slowly, eerily, taking his time as if to savor the moment as he approached his desired soul.
“I am sorry that I had to meet you under such false pretenses but now I come here as I am.” He was acting as if they were reuniting under pleasant circumstances. He was almost glowing with happiness from finally finding someone like Annie.
Suddenly Taru stepped in front of Annie and blocked Jiel’s view of her. His smile faded instantly and he stopped where he was though his long cloak still undulated with an unfelt breeze. He looked Taru up and down as if he thought her preposterous to be dressed like a lady
“Come now, Taru. Do not be so glum, this is your moment.” He spoke to her like she was a child. “You will be free in a matter of seconds.”
“Will I?” She asked with a vicious smile.
Baden was running, he could hear Taru and Jiel speaking. He was so close. But he could sense something else, something that spurred his feet to move faster. Something brought fear into him, fear for Annie’s sake. Taru had been a fool to believe this plan of hers would work.
Jiel had brought others there.
Taru moved towards Jiel with a satisfied grin on her face.
“I will not give her to you,” she spat the words. But Jiel seemed unfazed by her unwillingness.
“I am sorry it has come to this.” Jiel almost sounded genuine. He took a grave breath as if he was taking a moment to contemplate what to do next.
He merely turned his head slightly to the side and out of the trees came ten other snatchers, or were they something else? They were all dressed in uniform charcoal trousers and shirts, their facial expressions blank and their hair black. If Annie didn’t know any better she would swear they all looked identical and the more she looked at them the more she believed they were in fact exactly alike. All of their faces were emotionless as they stood at attention, waiting for their next instruction.
“I knew you were growing a heart but this is ridiculous, Taru,” Jiel hissed. Taru looked around. She had not sensed any of the creatures now standing behind Jiel. “One of you take Taru and I will deal with her later.” He paused and the snatchers didn’t move. Jiel turned his head to Annie with a longing that made her feel sick. “The rest…” He paused for seemingly no reason before he said his next words. “Are to bring Annie to me.”
The problem with Taru’s plan, and what she didn’t know, was that she had already brought Annie there for Jiel, even if it hadn’t been her intention to actually sacrifice Annie to him. Usually his identical goons would not be able to interfere but this was completely within the rules he was restricted by; as long as Annie was human and she was brought to him by a being originally of the earth then he could intervene.
Baden burst into the clearing without hesitation and ran for Annie. He had been so fast that no one had detected him, not even Jiel. He was far ahead of the others, and therefore alone, but he could do this. He would do this. He was strong enough without the others, he had never been so sure of himself in his life.
He stood in front of Annie protectively before anyone could move. He kept his back to her, watching as the nine of the strange snatchers prowled towards them. He stood fiercely protecting what was his. He was ready to kill.
“No!” Taru screamed as she was being dragged off by one of Jiel’s minions. “Change her Baden! Change her and he cannot use her as a sacrifice!” This was one thing Taru was sure of.
That was the last they heard of Taru before she was dragged into the trees and out of sight.
Jiel’s face froze in panic. His eyes widened ever so slightly as he faltered with his assured demeanor. Baden saw the fear there, the fear that Jiel might not get the soul he had been after for so long and Baden knew this was his only option.
If Baden could just turn around and change Annie that would be easy but he couldn’t when he had nine snatchers after her.
“Take her!” Jiel said in a voice that was like ice.
That was all it took for the snatchers to lunge towards Annie. Baden started fighting them off but he soon discovered that these were no ordinary snatchers. Jiel must have made them himself and they had that other-worldly quality which meant they were probably originally from wherever Jiel was from. They were stronger than many but still not stronger than Baden.
Not once did Baden take his eyes off Annie. He would be fighting, holding them back but still watching her. The only problem was, when he was fighting with one then the others would get by and he would have to leave that one alive whilst he stopped the others from getting Annie.
She moved back as far as she could go, using the willow tree to keep her upright as snatchers grabbed at her. One was tripped and grabbed at her dress, starting to pull her towards him by the bottom of her dress but Baden took care of that. He grabbed his leg, whilst another snatcher jumped on his back and violently dragged him across the ground.
Annie didn’t even have enough courage to scream. She just stood there completely frozen. There was nothing she could do to help herself. She was always the weak link.
Baden was dealing with two of them at the minute which left seven others to go after Annie. He could hear their friends coming, they were close but when they got there they wouldn’t be able to fight the snatchers off for long. They were too strong. He would have to turn Annie straight away, so they had no reason to fight.
A snatcher managed to get past Baden, which was turning out to be no easy feat. He grabbed Annie by the hair and she screamed, falling to the ground from the pain. Baden dodged the punch coming for a snatcher as he ran for Annie. As he ran for her the snatchers jumped in front of him, tackling him to the ground. They couldn’t kill him but all they had to do was restrain him, two taking a limb each between them.
Baden’s face was shoved in the dirt but he managed to keep his eyes on Annie. He growled and writhed in anger as he tried to free himself.
The snatcher that had Annie was dragging her towards the house. Dirt scuffed her elegant wedding dress and all she could do was grab the wrist of the snatcher dragging her to try and pull herself up and take some of the weight off her hair. Kicking her feet against the ground to try and get her footing. Her beautiful shoes completely covered in dirt.
He picked her up and threw her towards the house. She landed hard and tumbled along the ground until she came to a stop. She could feel she had broken her arm but she tried to get up and move. She stood up shakily, leaning against the house for support as she cradled her broken arm against her chest. Tears flowed as she looked at the scene before her.
She could see Baden was fighting off the restraining arms of the other eight snatchers, watching her desperately as the snatcher stalked up to her. He tilted his head as he walked, looking at her like she was an insect.
Annie mouthed ‘I love you’ to Baden then closed her eyes. She heard him yell in anguish as he saw her give in. This was it, she was about to die a hideous death and Baden would have to watch.
A loud scream came from across the field, causing her and the snatcher to look over to see what happened. Baden had gotten one of his arms free and ripped off one of the arms of the snatchers holding him.
Baden kicked his leg back, getting the rest of his body free. He snapped the neck of the one who was in front of him and flipped the one who had grabbed him from behind so he ended up on his back. He hit the ground so hard his neck broke on impact and that was the end of him.
Baden finally heard the others run into the clearing and as they did he ran to Annie. He jumped over a snatcher that lunged at him, he flipped another that grabbed him. Again snapping the neck of another that tried to stop him and he rammed one into another so they fell to the ground in order for him to get to Annie.
He heard the others start to fight Jiel’s followers but the snatchers were strong and he knew they wouldn’t be able to hold them off for long. Baden had to move quickly.
“You die now,” he whispered to the snatcher that had handled Annie brutally. Baden killed him easily, gladly.
He then grabbed Annie, coming around behind her so no one could get behind him, giving him a full view of the scene. He pulled her back close against his chest and held her tightly around the waist.
The snatchers weren’t worrying about killing the others, they just needed them out of the way so they could get to Annie. It seemed that their only thought was Annie, like nothing else mattered. What the others didn’t know was that the strange identical creatures couldn’t kill anyone else there because they were snatchers and they had a whole other set of rules that had to be abided by. Jiel just stood in the middle of the chaos, seemingly calm but inwardly fuming.
Baden gently moved Annie’s head off to the side and sank his teeth into the soft skin of her neck.
Everyone froze.

CHAPTER 6:

Annie stood looking out at the others as Baden bit into her neck. The teeth didn’t hurt so much but as soon as his bane started flowing into her that’s when she couldn’t hold the screaming back. As the bane rushed through her veins and mixed with her blood she felt the ice cold heat seep into every inch of her body. It was like a trough of freezing water had been poured through her, stinging and burning everywhere it touched.
Annie threw her uninjured arm backwards, grabbing at the back of Baden’s head. She took a fistful of his hair and screamed to be let go. He ignored her of course. It pained him that she was in agony but he knew this was the only way to protect her.
The bane started to go to work, making her flesh and bones immortal in the truest sense of the word.
The reason why Baden didn’t need anything to sustain him would also become why Annie would not need anything. His bane was special because instead of consuming his blood, it merged with it and in his changed state his body generated blood faster than anyone else’s ever could so as to replace anything that might be lost. In other snatchers the bane would devour the blood, requiring them to replace it with more because their body no longer generated it quickly enough. Stealing a soul would put a snatcher’s bane into a state of hibernation keeping the bane at bay therefore no longer needing blood to sustain them whilst the soul existed. Though the bane would be suspended they could still turn people into snatchers and their strength wouldn’t fade.
Taru’s bane only coexisted with her blood without devouring it whereas Baden’s combined with his which made him the ultimate. Even if Baden was attacked, and someone managed to injure him, he would not die because his mixture of blood and bane created a quality of healing that was indestructible. Instant restoration. If he lost any of his blood-bane it would reproduce instantly where as any other snatcher would take longer to and possibly not at all, depending on who had attacked them. Of course snatchers and especially Taru would heal at an incredible rate, too rapidly for any human to kill them. But any snatcher made by the first could kill other snatchers, they just could never kill Taru but now even she had been surpassed.
The day Baden was changed, his tracker blood merged with the bane of the first snatcher to create a new strain that made him what he was. And this is what Annie was receiving.
Annie tried not to focus on the rush of icy bane through her but it was impossible. Baden had to ensure she was safe so he was injecting as much of his bane as he could. He was filling her up so quickly, and with such a large quantity, that her own blood began to overflow from her neck in order to give space to the bane.
The crimson liquid seeped onto her stark white dress, creating a violent image because of the severe contrast. Or maybe it was her screams that made it so? She couldn’t stand to keep her eyes open any longer so she closed them hoping it would block everything else out. The sun felt like it was melting her skin and the breeze was like needles sticking into her. It was too much, she couldn’t take it any longer. Would it ever stop? Usually the change could take days, the bane needing time to completely transform someone but if an abundance of it was received then it could be faster…much faster.
The bane froze her heart and Annie became limp in Baden’s arms. He pulled his teeth away from her neck, laying her down gently in the softly swaying grass as everyone stood there watching in fascination. Baden stepped in front of her protectively. He was covered down the front of him with her blood, looking even more menacing than he usually did. Right then he looked murderous. He wiped the blood away from his face as best he could but there was nothing he could do about the rest of him, nor did he care at this moment.
Annie’s heart suddenly started beating rapidly and everyone heard it. They were shocked at the speed her transformation was occurring at. Even Jiel and the minions stood frozen, watching her as she started to come to.
It was done, she had already been changed in just a matter of seconds. Annie’s eyes shot open when the bane had completed its job, looking up into the blue sky with new eyes.
Everything in her had changed, every sense she had was now beyond perfect. The strange thing was she felt like she always had, except at the moment she had a slight tingle running all over her body. This was her…it was her new life.
She could smell her blood and hear as the sun started to dry up the top layer of it on her dress. After a few blinks she stood, thinking she would feel shaky but she didn’t. She felt alive. She was brand new. She used her new abilities to hear things and smell things that were miles away and just like that she could turn it off, as if she could never do it in the first place. Or she could just look at things that were incredibly far away and choose not to hear it. Or just smell things but not hear or see them, hear them and not see or smell them. She could use all of her improved senses at once or not at all. Any number of combinations were at her fingertips. So many options and abilities and she hadn’t even tried them all but she knew she had complete control over them as if she had been doing it all her life.
She focused again on where she was, shutting out everything else and focusing on herself. She moved the arm around that had been broken moments ago in fascination. With a smile of wonder she stretched out her arm, feeling how well it had healed. Suddenly she started laughing and everyone still just stared.
Realising that she was in the middle of a serious situation she looked up to find that she was a spectacle. Her eyes fell on Jiel and she almost gasped. It looked like a black cloud was surrounding him, one that she had never been able to see before with her human eyes. But now it was clear, his soul was black and evil but she wasn’t afraid as he stood there looking at her with rage on his face. Just like that she turned off looking at Jiel’s soul and she walked up to him, and for the slightest moment he looked bewildered.
“I think it is best if you leave now, Jiel,” she suggested. Finally she wasn’t weak. Finally she had control over the situation. Finally she was strong.
“I may not be able to kill you but I suggest you do not try anything on me, young Annie,” Jiel warned. “You may be strong but there are others who are still stronger than you.”
She smiled at him, she could feel that he was afraid.
“Such as?” She asked, almost daring him to name someone.
“Baden is still the ultimate because he made you,” he answered.
“Name one other…” She almost dared.
She knew he couldn’t because there wasn’t another snatcher out there, other than Baden, that was stronger than her. When Jiel remained silent she smiled even wider.
“I am sure that I could assist Baden in dispatching your minions if you insist on visiting for a moment longer.” She spoke as if she would be doing Jiel a favour.
Jiel’s jaw tightened as he saw that there was no use in throwing his hard work of creating the identical beings away so he clicked his fingers and the snatchers walked off into the trees, like they were trained dogs. And just like that they disappeared, as if they had never been there.
“This is not over, Annie,” Jiel hissed before he turned and left.
Usually he would disappear before she could blink but this time she could see him leave. The breeze picked up and she saw him disappear into a black mist, vanishing into thin air. But not before he got one more look at her.
She turned around to the others who stood there, mouths agape, watching her. Except Baden, he had a smile that stretched from ear to ear. And when Annie looked at him it took her breath away because she could finally see and feel his soul.
It created a breeze that was warm and inviting that gently washed over her skin, and it smelled like leaves in the rain. It was as if it called for her to come to him as he watched her and she couldn’t hold herself back any longer. She ran to him and crashed into him with all her might. If she had run to anyone else the same way they would have been tackled to the ground by her strength but not Baden, he would always be strong enough to hold her.
She heard the blood squelch between them as they embraced but she didn’t care and neither did he. She could feel the relief radiating off him as he basked in the joy of her safety. Finally she would be safe, finally she could always be protected.
“I love you,” he whispered and his voice was like sunshine melting over her.
“I love you,” she whispered back.
She didn’t care that everyone else was looking, she kissed him with all the love in her and he did the same. He tasted like milk and cinnamon, dizzyingly delightful.
When they finally broke free they remembered the others. Turning to them, but remaining in each other’s arms, they started to laugh when no one had moved from their shocked state.
“What about the wedding?” Martha asked when she had found her voice. Annie looked down at her dress, as did Baden, then to his suit.
“Maybe we best buy some other garments for the occasion?” He suggested.
“So we have to wait?” Annie said disgruntled. As if she had not just almost died moments ago.
“I am sure that Antoinette can have another dress in matter of days,” Baden assured trying to make her feel better.
“Are you both insane?!” Adam yelled as he stood there freaking out. “What just happened?” He looked around to everyone and anyone for an answer.
“I think we just lost the stress of keeping Annie alive,” Stewart answered.
“Wait till Micah sees you! He will die!” Adam said, his shock turning into excitement.
“Oh yes,” Annie interrupted. “It seems you all left Antoinette and the minister at the church. Can someone tell them we need to reschedule?”
“Yes, yes. We will,” Martha said. “Now you two go and get cleaned up. You look as if you have slaughtered a whole farm!”
Martha left then and one by one everyone started to leave, taking a long glance at Annie as they left.
“I did not mean for everyone to leave,” she commented as she watched them run away. They actually looked slow now when they ran. Without realising she had her hand poised to her lip in worry.
“I think they just wanted to give us some space,” Baden reasoned. He thought Annie was truly magnificent in her new form. And the light of her soul was just as stunning as ever.
“Did you see that?” They heard Adam scream in excitement from miles away. “She could kill you Stewart!” He teased.
“But I can still kill you,” Stewart joked as he tackled Adam to the ground. Adam yelled in pain as he landed hard against a rock.
“You two,” Martha said sternly trying to break them up.
“See,” Baden said. “They think it is great.”
“Hmmm…I guess,” she said pretending to seem worried. She tried to look as forlorn as she could muster in her ecstatic state.
“What is it?” Baden asked, panicking that she was upset. “Are you angry that I changed you?”
“Well…it is just…I was hoping for one thing when I was changed…” She said dramatically on a sigh as she ambled away from him. She slipped out of his arms and it sent concern through him.
“What?” Baden was so worried that he missed Annie’s playful tone.
“I just wanted to be able to beat you in a race once I was changed…” She answered sadly.
The words were so contrary to what he had expected that he didn’t understand what she meant until she shot off into the forest running. She had played him to get a head start.
He smiled to himself and thought how fun it was going to be to play alongside Annie. He let her have the head start before he raced off into the forest. This was their new life together.

CHAPTER 7:

As Annie ran through the trees she grabbed the bottom of her dress and ripped the skirt, all the way up the front in the middle until it only just covered her decency. It had been too tight for her to run but now it fanned out behind her as she darted through the trees. Her hair whipped behind her, falling from the pins that were loosely holding it in place. She looked back to see if she could spot Baden but he was nowhere to be seen. She smiled to herself, thinking it would be fun to beat him at this. As she turned back around she was caught off guard when up ahead she spied a figure. It was Baden and he was running backwards, smiling at her as he did.
An indignant look came across Annie’s face as Baden flicked his eyebrows up and down before turning around and speeding off. She ran as fast as she could but it was still not fast enough and it annoyed her even more. If she couldn’t win by speed she would win with tact. Annie knew he was headed to the river a few miles away from the manor so she would take a shortcut. He was taking the long way around, and even though he was fast she could still cut him off. As she veered off to the right she sped up.
At one stage she even ran past some travelers along the road but they didn’t even have a chance to see her. She came darting around a bend and could see the river up ahead but she could also see Baden. He was so much faster than she had anticipated.
Baden spotted her from his place at the other end of the river and smiled as he ran towards her. He watched as she ran up to the river as quickly as she could. Both sides of the river’s edge were lined with trees which had vines hanging through them. Annie decided to launch herself off the ground, grab hold of a vine and swing through the air. She let go of the vine and gave Baden a wink during her descent.
She fell through the air gracefully as her dress and hair fluttered around her. She splashed into the water, submerging herself to wash the blood off her dress and tangles out of her hair. All the things that made her unable to swim when she was human, the weak muscles and small lung capacity, were now a thing of the past. She was strong and could swim with ease.
Baden stood frozen, watching the wake at the top of the water where Annie had landed. After a moment of quiet she escaped to the surface, hair slicked back and water running down her face.
“Beat you,” she declared triumphantly. He smiled at her playfulness and decided to do likewise.
He ran up to the nearest vine and grabbed it, used a tree trunk to propel himself out over the river and flipped into the water. He came up quickly from beneath the water, close to where she was.
“You cheated,” he accused with a smile.
He flicked his wet hair away from his face as he swam around her in a circle. His shirt stuck to his smooth skin and even though he was drenched through he couldn’t have looked more handsome.
“I did no such thing!” She defended herself, knowing that he would know the truth. He took her around the waist and pulled her close.
“I like the way you run.” He spoke the words into her mouth and they tingled through her.
“And how do I run?” She asked, slipping her arms around his neck.
“Gracefully and nimbly. You move like water,” he complimented.
“And you move like a cheetah!” She announced with a laugh.
“How do you know what a cheetah moves like?” He wondered, sucking water off her collar bone.
“I have heard they are fast,” she reasoned and it made him laugh.
“Would you like to have some fun?” His voice was full of mischief, as were his eyes and they made her want to, very much so.
She nodded vehemently and to her disappointment he released her and moved away. Before she had time to question him he ducked under the water. She felt him move under where she tread water then he took hold of her feet and pushed from beneath her. He burst through the water as he catapulted her into the air, letting her go when she had enough propulsion.
Instead of nerves she felt exhilaration as she flew upward into the air then dove back into the water perfectly. Even though she had been caught off guard she still managed to look practiced and graceful. She almost hit the river bed because she had dropped from so high. Coming to the surface in a rush of excitement she looked around to find that Baden was right next to her again. It wasn’t the kind of fun she had been hoping for but it was still enjoyable none the less.
“Let us do that again!” She insisted as she wiped the water away from her hair and eyes but the expression he had on his face made her pause. “What is it, Baden?”
“How do you feel?” He asked and she looked around as if she had missed something.
“I feel spectacular,” she answered as she waded next to him.
“Are you upset…that I changed you?” He looked so worried that she moved closer to him.
“I wanted you to change me after the wedding anyway, Baden,” she assured. “You had no choice in the situation back there.”
“And you feel fine?” He asked again. He had already snuck a quick peek at her soul and all he saw there was joy.
But he didn’t intend to pry into her soul very often without her knowledge. In fact he didn’t expect to be able to see into her soul every time he chose to look because he wouldn’t be surprised if Annie was able to hide her soul from being read like he was able to. He would be more surprised if she couldn’t. And he was exactly right, they both had the ability to hide their souls from anyone who could see them, including each other. Not that either of them had anything to hide but it would allow them some privacy if the moment called for it.
“Of course, should I not be feeling fine?” Now she was starting to worry.
“It is just that you changed so quickly and it seemed to be painful for you. Usually it takes longer and it does not hurt so much because the bane has time to do the work. The bane does it all when your heart stops so you cannot feel it but your heart only stopped briefly. I am sorry, I had to change you as quickly as I could. I wish it could have been different,” he rambled.
“Baden,” she said his name softly. He paused and waited for her to speak. She took his face in her hands to show her feelings. “I am not upset. You did what needed to be done. Do not fret.”
Instead of arguing and torturing himself inside he decided to take her forgiveness. He pulled her close and kissed her with all the love in him. This time he didn’t need to be gentle, he could hold her tight and she wouldn’t be hurt from it. Annie felt his strength and it filled her with passion as she promptly responded to his lips. He pushed them through the water over to the shallows and they washed up on the river bank wrapped in each other’s arms and kissing wildly. She concentrated on his soul and could feel the love overflowing from it. He willingly opened up himself to her so she could feel who he was and how she made him feel. His desire melted into her and intensified her own feelings. In a moment of inspiration she broke away from the kiss to sprout her idea.
“You know that bane you sometimes released into me to…you know…make things a bit more pleasant?” He nodded, liking the direction of her thoughts. “Do you think I could do that to you now?” She looked rather enthusiastic about the idea and so did he for a moment. That is, until he remembered.
Baden moved away from Annie slightly to put some distance between them. She remained laying on the river bank, looking up at him confused by his actions. He kneeled on the muddy ground looking like he was struggling to keep himself away.
“I just realised that we are not married…” He remembered unhappily. Annie waited because she still didn’t get it. “Well, I do not think that I would be in the right mind to control myself if I was anymore charged to…” He let his thought trail off.
Annie felt disheartened as she realised she would not be having sex that night as she had planned to.
“Damn,” she whispered under her breath but he still caught it. He stifled a laugh. “Do you think the minister is still there?” She wondered, looking back towards the church. She listened intently but could tell he had already left. “No…double damn.”
“We will reschedule,” Baden assured. Annie looked dismayed and Baden tried to hide his smirk.
“I really thought I was going to be having some fun tonight,” she said disappointedly as she stood up from the ground. He couldn’t help but laugh as he stood up next to her. “I do not think it is funny.”
“Neither do I,” he agreed. “I was rather keen on the whole idea myself, missy.”
“Look, you are all muddy from the bank,” she commented randomly as she appraised him with her eyes.
He gave her a look that said, ‘like you can talk’. She looked down at her now ruined wedding dress, a faint stain of red from her own blood and now mud to boot.
“Let us go home and get clean,” he suggested. He placed his arm around her waist and they started walking slowly towards the manor.
“Have you always been able to feel what I feel?” She wondered. He knew that she had figured it out by what she had been feeling from him when they had been kissing.
“I could feel the emotion of anyone at any time if I chose to but I do not. That is something I have avoided doing for quite some time unless it is imperative that I do so,” he said referring to when he had to try and find Annie. He had to read people more than he ever had to before, sifting through their souls to try and find the truth. He hated seeing into all those people’s horrid souls but he did it, for Annie.
He was quiet for a moment, just appreciating that she was with him again. His Annie, safe and strong. He smiled to himself at her knew form then continued his answer.
“However, with you I make an allowance from time to time. I do try to permit you some privacy to have your emotions as your own, but when we are getting a little more intimate I am not sure if I even have a choice to keep you out because you are now part of who I am. It is as if you flow right into me when your emotions are at their strongest.” He was speaking as respectfully as he could so she knew he would never take advantage of her. She already knew he would never do such a thing but it was sweet of him to express how he felt.
Even though he had been speaking about feeling all of her emotions she was still thinking about their desire to be with each other and she was astounded at the level of self-control he had practiced in the past. Especially when they had been particularly close to giving in and he would have been feeling her eagerness quite powerfully.
“You are a better person than I,” she congratulated. After realising what she meant he laughed and placed a kiss on her head in thanks.
“You have no idea,” he commented and it made her smile.
“So I will be able to feel what everyone feels then?” She asked trying to brace herself for what to expect.
She hadn’t really taken much notice of anyone else just after she had been changed. The only soul that she had noticed, other than Baden’s, was Jiel’s which she quickly blocked out. She supposed she didn’t notice the others because she was too distracted by what was happening and especially by Baden.
“You could feel what they feel if you chose to. Just like you can see or smell their souls as well but you can control it and only choose to notice what you want. I usually only use my heightened sense to detect truth and character when I need to know,” Baden explained. “The rest is unnecessary and most the time I completely block everyone out.”
Annie thought about all the times Baden had been with her when she was sad because of Jory. She had known he could sense her soul in some way but she never fully understood that he would be able to tell if she had been trying to hide her sadness. Or when she had been trying to act as if she wasn’t sad about him but she really was. She knew that Baden would have done all he could to let her have her privacy, as he had said earlier, but he would have definitely felt it at some point.
“I know what you are thinking,” he accused. He knew that she was thinking about losing Jory.
“So you can read minds too?” She asked sarcastically but truly feeling horrible about the whole situation.
“I did my best not to pry into your emotions but sometimes I would feel them,” he admitted.
Silence fell between them for a while as they both remembered how hard it had been and her guilt plagued her even more.
“I know that when you said you were fine that you did not mean to lie. I know you did not mean for any of that to happen the way it did,” he spoke honestly.
She stopped walking as did he and they just looked at each other as the cool breeze blew over them. Annie would do anything to try and take it all back, all the pain he had felt because of her. He not only had to feel his own pain over her heartache for another but had to feel hers too. Tears began to well in her eyes and it broke his heart. He spoke her name softly as he brushed away her tears and pulled her closer to him, resting his face in her hair. She pulled back and looked at him. It was time they put this to rest, they had avoided talking about it for too long.
“I loved Jory, I know that now looking back and I am sorry,” she confessed. She had already said this to him before but it needed to be addressed one more time. No use hiding it.
She quickly peered into his soul and the breaking pain of him hearing the words again almost suffocated her. When she was human she knew he had been hurt by what she had been feeling but this was awful. But she had to keep going.
“But I promise you, that is in the past. I promise that I will never let someone ever take any part of who I am because I belong to you completely now.” And she truly meant it.
He could feel the honesty in her words and even though it did hurt to have her say the truth, even though he had heard it before, it was a salve to his aching heart to hear her promise to him now. He simply smiled and touched her cheek. Her tears had tried but left a stain where they once were.
“Let us not talk of this any longer,” he suggested. “We will get home and have a long bath to wash away the events of today.”
“A long, hot bath together?” She asked with a naughty smile and it made a laugh escape him.
“One day,” he promised as he kissed her forehead and started them on their way again. It was a relief to have everything out in the open and as they walked they both felt a little lighter than they had before.
As they made their way back home Annie decided to assess her new abilities and tried to feel and sense things to test out what she could detect. She could feel the trees and earth and it made her feel calm. There were so many new senses that she had to block most of them out and just focus on one at a time. As she concentrated all of a sudden she sensed something off in the nearby forest. She stopped and Baden watched her closely.
“Can you feel that?” She asked looking off through the trees.
“I can smell an injured fawn,” he clarified.
“But it is in pain,” she said. “I can feel it.”
He tried to open up his senses but he could still only smell the thing. He had never really focused on animals before and it seemed that he couldn’t really detect anything about them except for their smell and presence.
She ran off towards where the fawn was and Baden ran after her. As she ran she could feel the mother of the fawn, she was pained from her child’s imminent death. Annie pushed away the tears she could feel sting her eyes and ran as fast as she could. Her relief knew no bounds when she reached the dying calf.
“It is dying,” Annie whispered to Baden. He stood behind her as she knelt over the little deer that was laying beneath a tree amongst the dead leaves, the mother laying right beside it. It was so tiny, its breaths shallow and short.
“Annie, do not watch,” Baden said as he tried to encourage her off the ground by taking her hand. He knew she would be upset if she had to sit there and watch this thing die.
“No,” she refused as she took her hand back. “There must be something we can do.”
Baden could feel how sad Annie felt but it seemed different to the other times he had felt her emotions. What he didn’t realise was that she was feeling the weight of the creature’s pain too, so it was unlike feeling just her sadness.
She gently placed her hand over the heart of the animal, it felt so weak and it broke her heart. She felt like she was connected to it in some way and it sapped her strength to be near the dying creature. After a moment the fawn’s heartbeat picked up pace and Annie thought it was the end, one last effort before it gave up. But after more time went by the heart beat became stronger.
Baden bent down beside her and looked closely at the little deer. The mother nuzzled its face into its child’s face, looking almost hopeful. Suddenly the fawn’s leg twitched and the mother jumped up in excitement. Soon enough the fawn sprang to life and started jumping around with his mother, showing nothing of the weakened state it was in before.
Baden and Annie stepped back to give them some room and after the mother and child had their moment of joy they pranced off into the trees looking like they had been given a gift, which is exactly what they had been given by her.
“Can you believe that?” Annie asked, amazed at the wonderful turn of events. Baden took a moment to think and Annie looked to him in question.
“Annie…I think you just…” He paused before he said it because it seemed almost absurd. “Healed that animal,” Baden said in disbelief. He was staring at her as if she was a thing to behold.
“You are being ridiculous.” Annie refused to listen to him.
Before Baden had time to respond a gust of wind blew up out of nowhere. It became increasingly strong and Baden held onto Annie to make sure they weren’t separated. Their hair and clothes blew wildly around them but before they could start to make their way from the place it stopped as suddenly as it began.
“No Annie,” a voice said. “He is not.” Annie and Baden looked around to see a woman standing there that had not been there before. “It is time to talk.”

CHAPTER 8:

Annie and Baden stood there in shock as they stared at the woman before them. She was a little shorter than Annie, her hair fell past her knees and was so blonde it was not only close to white but it looked like it was glowing. Her skin was pale, almost like ice and had a slight silver shimmer to it. Her features were sharp but delicate and her eyes were so blue they looked like glacial ice. If Annie had to guess she would say the woman seemed to have been created where it was very cold or from ice itself.
The woman wore a gold dress that sat firmly against her shoulders and arms, then just fell straight to the ground as if it were a cloak, not even her feet could be seen. The gold of the dress had flecks of silver and it seemed to almost generate its own light, like her hair. And even in all the softness and light of this being, the stern set of her jaw was unnerving.
But Baden recognised her immediately, it was Aliyah. He had met her once, years before he even knew Annie.
“It has been difficult to find you both together and alone of late…take a seat,”Aliyah offered.
Before they could ask where, vines, leaves and dislodged pieces of bark started crawling along the ground as if independent of any help but they knew the woman was controlling it. The materials wove themselves into chairs, coiling and wrapping around each other until their intended shape had been accomplished. Baden looked at Annie before they both took a seat in their impromptu throne-looking chairs.
Aliyah had her own seat that was facing them and she took it after the others were seated. Once she had taken her place she sat there looking like a statue, not moving at all. Not even her hair moved with the gentle breeze. Her arms were positioned on the arm rests, legs together and back straight. Not one hair out of place as she sat on it, not one movement to try and settle in. She just sat and that was it. Her cloak again covered her feet, which Annie thought was strange because when she was standing the hem hadn’t look too long or bunched up. But now as she sat it perfectly lined up with the ground again, as it did when she was standing, though it should be lifted somewhat by her posture.
“We are surrounded by an unseen barrier called the circle of silence. This is so that others may not intrude or listen to our conversation,” she informed. “My name, for the sake of a name is, Aliyah,” she introduced herself for Annie’s sake. “I am sure you must be curious as to what I am.” Her voice sounded like it had a faint echo behind it, almost like a bell ringing.
Aliyah noticeably directed her words towards Annie alone because she had met Baden before, and just like all those years ago she still didn’t particularly like him.
“Very curious,” Annie said eagerly. She could see this creature’s soul and it shone nothing but light. She was not afraid of her at all, in fact she was rather fascinated by her presence.
Baden however felt rather condemned from this woman’s presence. Aliyah smiled at Annie because the young woman was just as sweet as she was intended to be, if not more so. Aliyah hadn’t even glanced at Baden yet.
“You are both aware of Jiel?” Aliyah asked and they simply nodded in response. “He is of another realm.”
“A demon?” Annie asked, attempting to define him. She was trying to figure it all out in her head; Jiel was dark and sinister and Aliyah seemed light and noble.
“If that helps you to understand his kind better then we can use that description.” Her words were measured and well spoken.
Though Aliyah looked as if she would be short tempered because of her unemotional face she seemed to have endless amounts of patience and calm, for Annie at least. She spoke her words as if she was holding back ire for something unknown yet her tone was even and unwavering.
“I come from a different realm also, somewhere entirely unlike where Jiel is from but we are of the same kind.” Her words confused and clarified things all at the same time.
“Are you an angel?” Annie blurted out. She was too excited for words.
“This realm has such curious words for things it does not understand,” Aliyah commented. Annie wasn’t offended by her words in the slightest. “I am a messenger between the realms and only access such physical realms when necessary.” She looked around the forest as if she were wary of it. Even when she moved her head to look around she still looked like a statue, just one that could move.
“And why is it necessary today, Aliyah?” Annie asked as if they had known each other for centuries.
“Baden’s observations are correct Annie,” Aliyah confirmed. “You in fact did heal that fawn.” Her words were sharp and enunciated.
Annie blinked a few times, looked to Baden who looked equally as bewildered by all of it, then back to Aliyah.
“I…see,” Annie said though she didn’t actually understand it in the slightest.
“This rare gift of healing is bestowed on very few creatures, Annie. You are the first of your kind to be given such a gift,” Aliyah explained. “Your soul is known in my realm as; soul life, as your soul can give life to those who need it.”
“Creatures?” Annie repeated the word curiously. She completely missed the last part that had been relative to her own soul. “Are there other types of creatures out there?” She found it all quite fascinating.
“That is unnecessary to discuss.” Just like that Aliyah stopped that conversation in its tracks but Annie had an inkling there were. “We are here to discuss you.”
“Me?” Annie asked, gesturing towards herself.
“Yes. You will be the only snatcher in existence to have the capabilities to heal living beings. You will be able to feel their ailment and restore them,” Aliyah explained.
“How?” Annie couldn’t believe she was able to even form words at this point.
“You will have the power to manipulate and influence the minerals, elements and other aspects that form all kinds of living beings. In different beings there are different healing times and processes but you will be able to quicken those,” she answered. “For instance, with the fawn it was dying and its body could not heal fast enough to live but by placing your hand over its heart you were able to take over the process and do what its own body could not.”
“So the same minerals and such that are in living beings,” Baden began to ask finally finding his voice. Aliyah glanced over at him, albeit grudgingly. “They also can be found in the earth. Will she be able to influence those?”
“No,” Aliyah answered abruptly. “It will only be within a living being that she will be able to influence them.”
“Why can I do this?” Annie interjected.
“There are reasons, of which only some may be revealed in this moment. Everything has its timing. This gift has been bestowed upon you, Annie for one simple reason; your soul. And if Jiel had obtained your soul it would have been a dangerous one for him to bargain with. Now that it is unattainable because of your new form there is more hope in a circumstance that is vastly running out of control.” Aliyah spoke, never flinching or moving like a human would. She hardly even blinked, she was utterly otherworldly. Ethereal.
“What circumstance?” Baden asked deciding he should be adding more to the conversation if it was going to be involving the woman he loved.
“Jiel has a particular delegation in his realm. At one stage there was not much chance of him succeeding in his assigned task, until he created snatchers of course,” Aliyah responded speaking to Annie though Baden had asked the question.
“What does he do?” Annie wondered.
“This you may not know for now,” Aliyah shutdown the topic quickly. “What you may know is; it has been foreseen that there is much trouble coming to pass within this century and the trouble comes primarily from the snatcher species. As everything must take its course, the trouble may be averted before it is devastating to humanity.”
“Can you be more specific? Like, tell us what exactly is going to happen and when?” Baden asked. Why did she have to be so vague?
“No,” Aliyah said in her blunt way. “For now Annie must develop her gift but she must do it without any other finding out, especially Jiel. No one can even know we have spoken.”
“So I should go around and heal things?” Annie asked feeling a bit confused.
“I have been told that for now I am only to reveal that your gift of healing is merely the first step in the process and that there is something with a greater necessity that must be discovered by the two of you. The exact information is known only by one.” Aliyah explained.
“Who?” Annie’s eyes were wide as she sat there waiting. Aliyah’s face did something it hadn’t done since they had first seen her, she smiled.
“No one has ever seen…but a voice is heard when it desires to be known. In my realm we call it; breath of life, for the voice comes on a breeze. It does not have a specific gender or language, it is but an inner understanding and you know it has come from an outward influence.” Aliyah spoke the words with all the admiration she felt.
“So there is something else I must discover in relation to this gift of healing for a particular event that will happen within this century? And it is imperative that we keep this a secret?” Annie surmised. “Can we know anything else?”
“There is something else we must cover before we leave here and that is Baden.” Aliyah’s words surprised them both as she looked at him pointedly. They looked at each other before looking back to her for an explanation. “At one point, Baden…you were causing all sorts of problems in my realm. We were devising a plan to deal with you before Annie came into your life. Now that she has chosen to bind her soul to yours in matrimony, your life will now serve a greater purpose than before.”
“I already would,” Baden interrupted in prediction of Aliyah’s next words. What he meant to say was that he would already die for Annie.
“I am aware but for Annie’s sake, we will clarify.” Aliyah didn’t bother hiding her dislike of Baden and she purposely looked to Annie before she went on. “Baden is the strongest snatcher to exist. The only greater devotion we have seen in him, other than his selfish revenge, is the love he carries for you, Annie. This is his only redeeming quality. He will be bound to protect you, even if it comes down to his own life.”
Baden somehow could just tell that Aliyah was going to end up saying that. He had already promised to protect Annie, even to the point of death. But the fact that Aliyah had to clarify it gave him a bad feeling about what else needed to be done if she already knew how far his devotion for Annie would stretch.
“But he cannot be killed…and neither can I.” Annie was a little confused.
“There are ways for immortals to be handled, even if death may or may not be the outcome. The point is, your devotion to each other must be proven. If you both choose to be bound together then there is something we must do,” she paused and stood without telling them what needed to be done. As she moved she looked less like a statue and more like something fluid.
After she stood the others followed her example. She moved behind her chair and as if from nowhere produced a long, silver sword with an ivory handle. It almost glowed with a silver-blue hue and it was beautiful.
“This will be painful for you both,” she said again with no emotion.
“Wait,” Baden said stepping in front of Annie. “Just do this to me. She does not need to go through this.”
“Quite the contrary, Baden. We not only want you bound to her but we also want her bound to you. Before you decided on your path of death and mayhem we had a plan for you. Annie brought you back to the path intended for you and now it is imperative that we keep it that way.” Aliyah was not going to take no for an answer.
She walked over and stood in front of them with that enormous, menacing sword pointed to the ground, it stood almost three-quarters of her height. She stared at Baden straight faced as she spoke.
“This gift of healing is designed for someone of great strength and you were the only snatcher who had the potential to carry it, Baden. Of course you sidetracked our plans and we had no choice but to withhold the gift from you. You strayed from our intended path, just as predicted, but one of our prophets also foretold that the only way to subdue you would be to penetrate your heart. So a search ensued for one that would capture your love. The women we sent to cross your path you killed and we had to stop sending them to you.” She sounded disappointed but not surprised. “After finding Annie’s soul we decided this was our last chance and we devised a plan. Finally you found Annie, her scent carried to you on the breeze by us. Without it your paths would not have even crossed.”
“Does your prophet not know the outcome of the catastrophe? Just ask him what the solution is?” Annie reasoned. “Surely it is not us!” Everything was starting to feel too heavy for her.
“The prophets are only given hints. Everything must play out the way it does if the realms are to abide by the rules governed by free will. We can only know so much and can only do so much, which is why we must entreat the help of others whilst dealing with their failings.” Aliyah looked at Baden in accusation.
“Do not burden Annie with this. Put it back to me so she does not have this responsibility.” Baden was worried that the gift might kill Annie if she wasn’t strong enough to bear it and it would be entirely his fault.
“It is too late!” Aliyah was losing her patience. “You had been made special, Baden! Your sense of justice was a strength when you were a tracker but it became your weakness when you were changed into a snatcher. It morphed from kindness into brutality. And we did not foresee you being changed until it was too late. Though we eventually saw what you would become we still had to wait for it to be proven because everything and everyone can change at the last moment. That is why our prophets find it so hard to see. We had to wait for the result of your bad choices and we hoped that you would not live up to the nightmare you were foreseen to be.”
What Aliyah didn’t explain was that her realm had given Baden that very sense of justice to help his judgement for what they had planned for him. But when he was changed it made him more brutal than he ever would have been without it. Their gift became his burden and he never stood a chance to be something other than a monster after being changed into a snatcher. But it was too late by the time her kind had realised, which is why they had to bring Annie into it, to rectify their mistake.
Baden looked at Annie, sorrow in his eyes for his past mistakes that now caused her to carry a burden meant for him.
“If only you had taken heed of my warning all those years ago…” Aliyah reminded. “But here we are and you still might be able to redeem yourself yet, Baden,” she offered. “You are integral in all of this. Once we bind you both together, Annie will be able to draw on your strength to sustain such a gift. Otherwise she will die.”
Baden was nodding in agreement before the words were even out as Annie was staring at him horrified at the hugeness of all of it. She was realising that she was there to assist in the bigger picture of Baden’s life, to be the carrier of his gift.
“You can leave me, Annie. You can leave so you do not have to do this,” Baden almost pleaded, grabbing her arms in desperation.
“It is too late, Baden. You changed her and she now has the gift because your soul is hers. We must do this or she will die. She will not only have the ability to heal but she will have to use it when the need arises. Death is inevitable for some, and may be a desirable outcome for many compared to their lives, but there are injustices that she will be called to rectify. Not all but some. She will heal them, not because we tell her to do so but because she will not be able to take the burden of their suffering. And when she heals something larger than a small fawn without your strength…she will die.” Aliyah didn’t say it harshly but the words were like daggers.
Baden’s gift of discerning judgement was given to him as a tracker for the choices he would have had to make once he was later given the gift to heal but it never came to pass because he was changed.
“Then we must do what we must do,” Annie whispered.
“By doing this Baden will take on the burden of others suffering as well, for such a burden is too heavy for a loving heart to bear. Baden’s ruthlessness will assist in alleviating your pain, sweet Annie,” Aliyah assured. Baden felt the guilt resurface that he had tried so hard to push away and it began to weigh on him.
“I am sorry,” Baden said, taking Annie in his arms. He wanted to doubt Aliyah, he wanted her to be lying but he could see in her soul that she was telling nothing but the truth. There was no other way around it and she was doing all she could to help prevent many people’s suffering to come.
“We can do this, Baden.” Annie decided that if they were being entrusted with something so rare that they surely would be able to do this. “Together, we can do this.”
“As usual, Annie is the force that ignites Baden’s soul.” Aliyah said almost sarcastically as she inspected the blade of the sword. “Now stand closer together, chests touching.”
Baden pulled Annie even closer so their chests were touching, just as they were told to. He whispered his sorries in her ear as he held her close.
Aliyah stood behind Baden and lined up her sword with his heart and Annie’s. She had to stretch high and stand on her tiptoes to reach but it did not diminish her powerful demeanor. Thrusting the blade diagonally, so it penetrated downward, it pierced firstly his heart then it stabbed through Annie’s. Then both their hearts stopped beating.

CHAPTER 9:

Aliyah pulled the sword out just as quickly as it went in. Annie screamed in pain, Baden holding back his own. He didn’t think he deserved to show his agony. Annie lost the effort to hold herself up and collapsed into Baden’s arms. This was the perfect example of how much stronger Baden was, the wound hardly affected him.
“Annie must draw on your strength to heal herself,” Aliyah explained to Baden as she wiped the blade of the sword clean with a perfectly white cloth that came from nowhere. Even as she wiped the blood away the cloth did not stain and it disappeared right after it had done its job.
“What if she cannot?” Baden yelled holding onto Annie.
“Then she will die,” she said harshly. Baden looked at Aliyah with something akin to hatred. “Do not tarry, Baden,” she advised.
He gently laid Annie down on the grass and straightened her out. Blood was flowing out of her much faster than it was him and it caused panic in his soul. In fact he was healing but Annie didn’t seem to be mending as she should be.
“Annie,” Baden yelled as he shook her. She found it difficult to keep her eyes open. They fluttered as she struggled to stay conscious.
Baden’s heart had started beating again as soon as the sword was removed but Annie’s struggled to begin again, beating feebly. He took her hand and placed it over her heart, as she had the fawn, but it did nothing.
“Why is it not working?” Baden yelled to Aliyah.
“Think, Baden,” was all she said. He was sick of her allusive answers.
He looked at Annie’s pale hand lying across her heart and decided to try something else. He placed her hand over his heart and his hand over her heart. It was not necessary that they had to be touching each other’s chest to heal, it just helped the healer to focus their energy where it needed to be. He missed the smile Aliyah gave when he figured it out. But Baden had no idea what he was doing or how he was doing it, and nor was he meant to until it was necessary.
The healing hurt more than the injury as it burned through them, sewing them together. Annie using Baden’s strength to join their souls in a way nothing else on earth could. Now that her heart was beating with strength and speed the bane scorched through her. When she began to come to, she couldn’t help her screams as the healing pain flamed through her body. Again Baden remained silent in his anguish. The physical pain he could take but Annie’s pain is what hurt him.
A shimmering, silver dust had gathered in the air just above their heads and fell over them as the healing continued and twinkled into nothing after its work was done. Neither Baden nor Annie had even noticed the shimmering and it disappeared without a trace.
After they were finally healed they were drenched in blood again but they were fine. Annie’s eyes shuddered open to see Baden looking down at her, tears brimming in his eyes. He pulled her up off the ground and into his arms.
Aliyah replaced the sword behind the chair and it disappeared back to where it came from.
“How do you feel?” Baden asked Annie, checking her over as he held her. They both felt somewhat new.
“Surprisingly good,” she answered. No one would guess that she had just almost died. Well, they might think that from the state of her dress maybe but not from how happy she seemed. Relief filled him to know that she was safe and most of all alive.
“Why did you have to stab both of us?” Baden growled at Aliyah
“Your heart through hers, both banes running through each; simple,” she stated as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Now take note that you must wait until you are married before you consummate the relationship.”
The sudden change of topic caught them off guard and they looked at each other in surprise before Annie spoke.
“To keep it…‘holy’?” She whispered in complete seriousness and Aliyah started laughing.
“To be honest you could have done that practically as soon as you met, both of you being rather committed to each other and all. No, no. no, you now have to maintain a pretense that Baden so adamantly set of saving yourselves until marriage. This is so the others will not question why you have changed your mind.” Aliyah’s eyes were alight with amusement. Annie looked disgruntled and gave Baden a chastising slap on the shoulder.
“We could have been doing it this whole time!” She said angrily.
“Bigger picture, Annie,” Baden reminded. He was internally kicking himself though.
“So what do we do now?” Annie asked still in disbelief at what was happening. In a few short moments her whole world was now different, her and Baden’s world.
“Secretly practice your gift but be warned, you must only do so when Baden is near or you could be harmed,” Aliyah cautioned.
“Then what?” Baden chimed in.
“I will only be sent if it is felt that I am needed. Otherwise you will be left to journey on your own,” Aliyah advised. Suddenly the chairs started slithering away and melting back into the surrounding scenery. “Oh and I believe Jiel will be visiting you both sometime in the imminent future.”
“Why?” Baden asked feeling enraged at the thought.
“You shall know soon enough,” Aliyah answered obscurely. The ambiguity annoyed him yet again.
“Aliyah,” Annie said her name humbly. She waited until Aliyah was looking at her before she spoke. “You said that when Baden was out of control that you devised a plan after seeing my soul…can you explain any further?”
Aliyah hesitated a moment. It wasn’t necessary that she tell them the story and by all means it was within her discretion not to divulge it. But the gentle way Annie had asked decided her next action for her.
“If you feel that you must know,” Aliyah gave in. Annie nodded eagerly in anticipation. “After Jiel had organised for Baden to be changed…”
“Jiel?” Baden interrupted. “Taru said she had planned to change me. She had changed many people in hopes that she would find someone who would unconditionally love a snatcher.” Aliyah looked annoyed at the interruption.
“Taru did have the plan in place to change random people but she was told to change you specifically by Jiel because he thought you too dangerous to be a tracker. You were different and created with a particular purpose and when he found out, he knew you spelled trouble for his creations. So he made you one of his own.” She did not seem too impressed for having to answer Baden.
“You keep saying that I was created with a purpose but who did it and how?” He asked.
“I will not answer your questions because you chose not to live the life set for you!” Aliyah refused him.
It didn’t seem to cross her mind that Baden didn’t have to live the life expected of him and he owed her kind nothing really. They had chosen to invest so much into him without his consent.
He could see she was livid with him so he held back his other questions. She turned back to Annie, her face more relaxed than when she was speaking to Baden.
“After it was seen that Baden would become a…menace.” She gave him a filthy glance before continuing. “We knew we had to do something. We had but a few women planned and as soon as he was changed we began to arrange for them to cross his path, one after the other, hoping we could stop him before he went too far but we realised it was not working. Within a matter of weeks he had killed almost all of them we sent his way and we could not continue sending them across his path just for him to sacrifice. We did not realise just how much of a ‘perfectionist’ Baden would become.” A perfectionist that her kind had created and Jiel arranged to change and deform from the original plan.
Baden went to try and explain and say sorry for his past actions but Aliyah didn’t give him a chance. After a stern look he decided not to bother, it would do nothing but antagonise her.
“We eventually came to realise we needed something drastic,” she continued. “Before Baden was even turned, in preparation for the instance where he would be the worst we could ever possibly imagine, some in my realm had already searched for a soul that was set apart from others. One that even he could not find any blemish in…that is when we found you, Annie. We had not truly believed he would become as horrible as he did and did not want to have to use such a precious soul but all else had failed and desperate times called for desperate measures. When we had decided you were the one we would have to use, and it did not take long to realise, there was no other option. I approached your mother…”
Annie stood there feeling stunned by her words, it was like she was frozen in place. Aliyah had spoken to her mother?
“We could not approach you because we needed you to truly fall in love with Baden and if we told you our plan then it would always create doubt as to whether the love was forced. So we met with your mother alone and asked her if we could accentuate your already unique soul. She agreed, seeing the importance you had to play. We had told her that everything comes at a price and to gift you with something truly special would cost something in return…”Aliyah paused, as if her next words would affect her deeply.
“What?” Annie asked, her voice smaller than a whisper.
“The price to pay was her life and she gave it willingly,” Aliyah said softly. “She was already dying and she felt alone after your father had left…she wanted you to have a life that far exceeded her own. We took her out of her misery and to a better place.”
Annie stood there, looking at the being that had taken her mother away from her. Tears fell silently down her face as she remembered the day her mother died. It was the loneliest she had ever felt and questioned why she was left alone, no one to love or take care of her. And in the end her mother chose to leave, hoping to make a better life for her daughter. Baden put his arm around her and pulled her close but it didn’t take away the pain.
“Before we could send someone to seemingly happenstance across you and take care of you until you would meet Baden, Micah found you…and it became rather complicated from there as we could not openly intervene,” Aliyah added.
Annie was determined to push away the aching in her heart. Her mother had been truly sick and it had been painful to watch her slowly die. Surely it was better, the way it had really happened. That’s what she told herself to try and take away the pain. She cleared her throat of the tears before she spoke.
“Any last words of advice?” Annie asked, seeing that there wasn’t much left to say.
Aliyah paused a moment, she felt like she needed to justify her actions but decided that there was no use. Everything that had happened had already been done and there was nothing that could change it. It was what it was. But the real question was; was it right? And that’s something no one could really answer.
“When practicing your gift remember, Baden is more a part of this than you realise,” she warned cryptically.
With that an unexpected gust of wind emerged out of nowhere and suddenly Aliyah vanished into a million tiny pieces of glittering gold that faded into nothing. And by the time the breeze settled again she was completely gone. No trace of the nature turned to chairs, or the sword or Aliyah herself.
Baden and Annie were left with an eerie feeling that they had just stepped into something far bigger than themselves. Something that they had no way of getting out of and something that was out of their control.
“So it seems you are stuck with me for good,” Annie joked trying to lighten the mood. Baden was dismayed, not because he would be with Annie forever, but because it was his fault she was now burdened in all of this.
“I am sorry for you,” he said miserably. “I am sorry that it is my fault that you are stuck with me. I am sorry you lost your mother before it naturally happened and I am sorry that your whole life was ruined because I was so unruly I had to be tamed.”
“Baden, what are you talking about?” Annie asked, irritated that he was thinking the way he was. “My mother was dying…she was in terrible pain. It was better for her to be taken away, as much as that hurt. I was always going to lose her. I am sorry that you hurt so many people’s lives but I am not sorry that I was brought to you.” She rushed her words out before he could argue with her. “And before we knew any of this we were getting married, I was going to be ‘stuck’ with you any way.”
“I suppose,” he said half-heartedly.
“And now we get to help some people along the way! Save people’s lives. You and me, a rather decent team, I would say,” she said happily.
And that’s one of the many reasons why Annie was so wonderful; even after finding out how she really lost her mother and having huge amounts of responsibility heaped on her because of other people’s poor choices, she would always find a way to be happy and bestow her happiness on others.
“This excites you?” Baden didn’t know where she got her enthusiasm for other people’s lives from. Her compassion and heart always astounded him.
“What excites me is that we are in this together. Until the very end,” she declared with a smile.
And as Baden looked into Annie’s soul he smiled, the way her soul confounded him made sense now. Her true self, her preciousness was accentuated so it was unmissable and he couldn’t help but be drawn to her and completely love who she was. As many others had been drawn to her before and as many others would be, he was sure. He had been right all along, Annie’s soul was special…tremendously special. Aliyah had done nothing but emphasize what was already in there and what was in there was amazing to him. Annie was the only one who could have ever truly changed him and bring him back to who he was intended to be.
“Let us get back to the manor before everyone starts to lose their minds wondering where we are,” Baden suggested. Her enthusiasm had caught in his soul and he was a little excited to start their new journey together.
And without realising, their emotions and strengths were running into each other’s soul like ink in water. They would never be the same past this point. Though distance may fall between them their souls would remain intertwined, for better or worse. This was particularly important but they wouldn’t find out why just yet, they would find this out one far away day in the future…if they could make it.
So they ran back to the manor and before they went in they calmed themselves to make sure they looked as normal as possible. They were already hiding their souls so no one else could sense or see them to protect their new secret.
But, for goodness sake, how normal could they act after something as momentous as that?

CHAPTER 10:

“Oh Annie,” Martha gasped when they came through the door. “How are you?” She ran to Annie and wrapped her arms around her. She had been fretting the whole time.
“Fine,” she assured with a smile. Everyone else came rushing to the entrance and stopped just as Martha was letting go of Annie. Baden quietly closed the door behind them.
“Look at you both, go get changed and meet us in the library,” Martha suggested as she took in the mucky sight of them.
Annie and Baden raced to get dressed, separately of course, and were in the library with everyone else in a matter of seconds. Annie opted for a creamy, light dress because of how heavy her wedding dress had felt soaked in mud and blood. Baden went with casual trousers and a loose shirt, needless to say it was all black.
“Did the minister or Antoinette say anything?” Annie asked as she and Baden took a seat next to each other on a long leather settee. Everyone else was already sitting, except for Jory who was mulling around behind where everyone else was sitting.
“They were shocked,” Stewart informed.
“But Martha said that Annie’s dress had been ruined after she fell in mud.” Adam took over the story. “It took a bit of convincing to make Antoinette go back home and she only went because she said she would make another dress right away.” It was a rather weak excuse but no one could think of anything better considering the circumstances.
“The minister seemed rather perplexed by it all,” Everard jumped in. “But we said Baden would be back to reschedule the whole thing.”
“Annie, you were amazing when you stood up after you were changed!” Adam said excitedly. “You looked like a woman ready for battle. You even scared me a little!”
“How are you feeling?” Jory chimed in quietly from the back and it made everyone else go quiet.
“I feel…” Annie started to say then stopped. Baden was watching her intently, he was going to read her honesty.
She wanted Baden to know how she truly felt so she exposed her soul for just a moment. As far as they knew, everyone else in the room was unable to read souls but they were still snatchers so they might have some kind of sense about them so she was careful not to let too much slip. Something she had to get used to with blocking her soul was that it wouldn’t happen unless she consciously decided to do it. This meant her natural state would be to have her soul exposed and it would take some practice to keep up the façade over her soul when she needed it.
“I feel more prepared than I did at the start. I am relieved that I am no longer a liability.” It was all honest but that didn’t mean she wasn’t rather startled, to say the least, about what had just happened to her and Baden. She couldn’t really say that to everyone though.
Jory simply nodded but had nothing to ask other than that. Annie took a moment to take a look at all of her loved ones and for a moment she felt grieved. She could see Micah’s soul and his sorrow burdened her, so much so that she could almost hardly bear it. She had left her own soul exposed and Baden could feel her pain, he took her hand in his to try and quietly comfort her. With a quick smile between them she blocked Micah’s soul for the moment, if she didn’t she feared she might suffocate from the sorrow. But the saddest part was that he was doing such a fine job of hiding his pain from the others, the pain he felt from losing Taru.
“I must say, you were changed in record timing!” Everard commented as if he was keen to study her. The question distracted her enough to snap her back to the moment at hand.
“Yes. A job well done, Baden!” Stewart congratulated.
“We have to race each other, Annie!” Adam proclaimed enthusiastically.
“She will whip you.” Baden finally broke his silence and it was as if everyone took an audible breath of relief.
The two recounted their race and everyone was in blissful laughter when suddenly Baden and Annie heard Jiel approaching outside. After a little bit of time the others heard him too. Everyone looked around at each other, losing the excitement of the past few seconds.
“What shall we do?” Stewart asked. Annie looked at Baden.
“We will go,” Baden said as he took Annie’s hand. “Everyone else, stay inside.”
No one decided to object so Annie and Baden stood from their seat and walked out of the library. It was time to face their first challenge together.
Jiel stood over in the trees, in his usual black cloak, waiting for Annie and Baden to make their way over to him. They walked much slower than they were capable of to be cautious. Baden kept hold of her hand, not wanting to let go of her.
“We do not have all night,” Jiel commented as he folded his arms impatiently. This time he had decided not to bring his minion snatchers.
“No, we have eternity,” Baden replied smugly as he approached. Finally they stood in front of him but made sure to keep as much distance as they could. Baden and Jiel stood staring at each other, openly showing all the dislike they felt towards the other.
“What is it that you want?” Annie asked, seeing that neither of them were going to speak.  Jiel turned to Annie with a calmness he didn’t hold for Baden.
“Due to the most current turn of events, wherein you find yourself changed young Annie, it has created a different problem for you and your assembly of friends.” Jiel waited for them to understand.
“Are you going to finish?” Baden snapped.
“Seeing as I was not granted the soul that Taru and I agreed upon, and she is now otherwise engaged, there is still the question of the soul…” Jiel hinted.
It took a moment for Annie to understand but when she did she felt sick to her stomach.
“You cannot mean to ask us to provide you with a soul!” Annie almost yelled.
“Oh but I shall,” Jiel argued. “A deal was made between Taru and I but by her avoiding due payment by assisting you, it entitles me to demand said payment from you.” The smirk on his face made them both sick.
“And what happens if we do not give that payment?” Baden asked, pulling Annie a little closer to him. Jiel looked at Annie meaningfully before he spoke.
“Then I am entitled to take what I believe is a suitable payment in place of the soul I was robbed of.” Jiel looked as if he would prefer that. Baden took a step towards Jiel but Annie held onto his hand tightly and he paused.
“How long do we have until you collect?” Annie spoke up before Baden could say something that might get them into more trouble.
“Do not be fooled, Baden.” Jiel’s tone was mocking. “You may be the strongest snatcher but there is no one on earth who has discovered a way to eliminate me. I suggest you do not waste your time trying.”
“How long?” Annie yelled, again having to yank Baden back. Jiel slowly turned to face her.
“I will be generous and give you...” He stretched his answer out just to annoy Baden. “A week.”
“A week?” Baden and Annie yelled together.
“Taru had centuries!” Annie continued before Baden could.
“Exactly! I have already been waiting for centuries! No more waiting. Meet me at the house where Taru was made and we will exchange payment there.” Jiel looked as if he was about to say something else but stopped. He looked at Baden for a moment before he decided to continue. “I will now speak with Annie alone.”
“There is an easy answer to that, no!” Baden refused. He was trying to hold back his anger but it wasn’t going so well.
“There is something I must discuss with Annie privately.” Jiel wasn’t going to budge on this and she could see that.
“Baden, go,” she insisted without looking at him. He whipped his head around towards her so fast she heard the movement.
“I will not be doing any such thing!” He denied her. Finally she looked to him with serious eyes.
“Baden…” Her tone was final and he could see she wasn’t prepared to take no for an answer.
Deciding to trust her on this he reluctantly let go of her hand, giving her a stern faced warning. Before he left he gave Jiel a hard glance and retreated to the manor. He stood at the door watching them.
“Do as I say and this encounter will be much more civil than I would like,” Jiel said with disappointment evident in his voice. “Step a little closer to me, darling.”
The affectionate word made her skin crawl but she did as he asked. She heard Baden move in the door way back at the manor, as if he was about to run over but he managed to control himself.
“What is it?” She asked bluntly when she was standing much closer than she would have liked.
Jiel took another step closer, using Annie to block Baden’s view of him. Suddenly she felt a slight bout of wooziness come over her that made her feel ill but she wasn’t sure what had caused it.
“We must ensure that it is only us who is aware of this alternative offer,” Jiel commented. The confusion on her face prompted him to explain. “At the moment we are inside our own little invisible 'sheath' of sorts. Many ears do wander…”
Annie realised he might have been doing the same thing that Aliyah had done when they had their own little meeting in the forest. She also assumed that was the reason she felt a little queasy, which hadn’t happened with Aliyah. She tried to look confused with vague understanding so as not to give her knowledge away as she cloaked her soul in privacy.
“Well then, let us hear it,” she insisted. Jiel had expected her to be much more impressed than she was by what he was doing and was irritated that she wasn’t.
“I would be willing to accept another form of payment other than that of a human soul,” he revealed. Before she could get her hopes up a look came across his face that unsettled her even more.
“And what would that be exactly?” She wanted to take a step away from him but she didn’t want to risk him becoming angry.
“I thought that it would be obvious…” Jiel looked at her as if it should be on the tip of her tongue. “I will leave your loved ones alone if I can have you.”
It took a moment for the words to register in her mind. What exactly had he just said? She glanced around the forest behind him to try and take in what he was offering.
“What on earth would you want with me?” Was all she could think to ask.
“There is something about you, Annie. There is something different about your soul and I want it,” Jiel admitted. However, what he was saying was only partially true. He did want her soul but there was another reason he wanted it.
“But I am a snatcher, you cannot use my soul as you would a human’s,” she reasoned. Really she had no idea what she was talking about and she certainly didn’t know what he did with the souls he collected.
“There are many other things that can be done with a snatcher’s soul,” he said. “If you so choose then I will be more than happy to take yours.” When Annie remained quiet he decided to explain further. “As my agreement with Taru was for a human soul then that is all I can demand from you but...I can bargain with you for something else. You would simply have to agree.”
“I highly doubt that Baden will allow that to happen.” Annie thought even talking about the offer was a waste of time.
“But that is part of the agreement, you cannot confer with Baden about this offer. If you choose to give your life in place of another then no other shall know.” Jiel said this quietly, as if he was concerned that someone might hear.
Annie had no idea what to think of the offer. Did he know anything about her ‘gift’? How Baden and her soul had been entwined together for the sake of her life? What then would happen to his soul if she were to sacrifice her own?
“I understand what you are offering.” That is all she could say at the moment. She didn't want to actually say any words that might be misconstrued as acceptance of the deal, lest she find herself ensnared in a trap of some kind.
A satisfied smile slipped across Jiel’s face with her simple words. She was playing it safe, which was smart because he had been hoping she would trip up so he could use her words against her. She had impressed him and her grace under pressure made him want her even more.
“There is one other thing before we go,” he announced. She wondered how there could possibly be more but she waited for him to continue. “In a week’s time you are to bring the sacrifice alone. Whether it is human or yourself,” he instructed.
Annie nodded her understanding and he released them from their privacy. Instantly she could feel the difference between being under the sheath and freed from it, the main sign was that she no longer felt sick. She ensured her soul was still hidden to make sure Baden couldn’t read the turmoil inside her. She wasn’t even sure it would work but when Baden remained calm and didn't rush over to her she knew he wasn’t able to see into her at the moment.
Jiel was surprised by Annie. Whenever he drew others underneath his sheath of silence he neglected to tell them it was also a sheath of influence. This was not exactly breaking the laws he was bound by but it wasn’t exactly abiding by them either. Whenever he had someone underneath it his persuasiveness became almost irresistible. Of course to abide by the rules of free will he allowed the victim the minutest access to their own free will but usually it was unhelpful. It impressed and vexed him at the same time that Annie had so easily held onto her own will. His desire to obtain her grew with each interaction between them.
Annie nodded her understanding again and before she could turn around Baden was at her side. Jiel had already disappeared into the forest.
“What is it?” Baden asked with his arm wrapped tightly around her.
“It is a long story,” she said through a sigh. “Let us go inside and I will tell everyone what is going on.”
Annie tried to think of a solution with the few seconds it took them to get back to the manor. The only solution she could think of was to give herself to save the ones she cared about, her beloved family. To her there seemed no other way. She had just gained the life she wanted and now she was being taken away from it, yet again she was being taken away from Baden. The wretched sorrow within her knew no bounds.
Deciding that she wasn’t going to tell the others her plan, she concocted a lie in her mind. She was going to have to make it convincing because Baden would be trying to feel her every mood.
Now more than ever she was glad that it seemed she was able to still block Baden from seeing her soul, even though they had been connected in such an intense way. It was rather effort consuming to block her soul from him but she would have to do it, for everyone’s sake.
Annie wondered if Aliyah had known this would be needed ahead of time and ensured that they both kept the capabilities of blocking each other. Whatever the reason, she was grateful.

CHAPTER 11:

Annie sat during Baden's explanation of what Jiel had told them, keeping it edited for Healey’s sake. Baden wandered the room as he spoke, trying to turn his worried pacing into confident marching over the situation. The group all sat there, scattered through the room, speechless. A few standing, some sitting. No one knew what to say as they all struggled to comprehend it.
“Why did he need to speak with Annie alone?” Jory spoke up from across the room after a long silence.
He had been watching her the whole time and could see something wasn't right. Over the time he had known her he had spent countless hours watching her, knowing everything he could possibly know about her. Needless to say he would be watching her carefully as she answered.
Annie’s lips tightened in anger at Jory’s perceptiveness. Everyone else seemed to have overlooked that detail of the story, trust him to notice it. Everyone looked to Annie intently, including Baden who had stopped pacing to watch her from across the room.
He found himself irritated at Jory's intrusive question. He had been planning to question her alone about it to be able to read more into her response, and question her thoroughly. Now that Jory had brought it up he would have to try and read her subtly in front of everyone, having to leave the questions for later. He had wanted to be the first to question her in private as her answers would be less refined and easily picked apart if she censored her answers for the sake of others. Not that he thought Annie would purposely deceive him but he suspected she would exclude certain details if she felt it would be better that he didn't know. In his opinion, no detail should be withheld.
Annie had to act quickly, she hid the guilt from her omission away in her soul so Baden wouldn’t feel it. Immediately she checked that part of her soul was still blocked, enough so there was still something for him to feel so as not to seem suspicious but not enough coming through so he could figure out what was going on. She saw his brow furrow slightly and she knew he had picked up on something.
“Delivery…” she blurted out. “He instructed me to deliver the soul to him alone.”
“Alone?” Baden repeated loudly at the same time Jory did. The two men looked at each other and for the first time they were on the same side. It felt strange. They quickly regrouped themselves and looked back at Annie.
Annie looked around the room to avoid Baden’s eyes but all she found were stunned faces. She was about to defend herself but suddenly she heard a high pitch noise that pierced her ears and rang through her. She covered her ears to try and protect herself from the noise. Baden heard it at the same time and couldn’t help but wince at the sound.
“What is it?” Martha asked.
Everyone began to move towards them in an effort to help but Baden and Annie moved away from them whilst stumbling over to each other, instinctively backing themselves against the nearest wall. Everyone decided to keep their distance as they looked at the pair inquisitively, no one else could hear a thing.
“Do you hear that?” Annie gasped quietly to Baden.
He only nodded, trying to hear past the pain and listen to what he was hearing. Past the piercingly loud sound he thought he could hear words.
“Can you hear what it is saying?” Baden asked Annie but she shook her head no.
Everyone else just stood around watching their peculiar actions, they thought Annie and Baden were acting insane. The pair silently looked amongst the group for an answer but they came up short, it was obvious the others weren't hearing what they were.
“I think it is calling our names,” Baden whispered. It’s not that their names were clearly distinguishable in the piercing sound, it was just a sense that it was calling them.
He grabbed one of Annie’s hands and led her out of the room. As soon as they broke free of the manor they started to run towards the noise. Baden held onto her hand tightly as she struggled to keep up with his fast pace. He ran slower than he was capable of to allow her to keep up with him. As they ran closer to the noise the piercing shriek started to disappear and all they could hear was their names echoing from nothingness.
As they were running through the trees, moving further and further away from the manor, a sudden wind picked up, swirling the dead leaves and dirt up in the air around them. As the debris circled around them they came to a stop, shielding their eyes from the mess. Then the noise was silenced.
When the wind died down and it was calm again they looked up to find Aliyah standing before them. Dressed in her usual ghostly white she looked the vision of holiness, her ever present ethereal glow intact. Without them knowing, she created her circle of silence again then just stood there looking at Annie as if she expected something.
“Why have you returned?” Baden asked trying to hold back the worry he was starting to feel about how angered Aliyah seemed to be with Annie.
“Should you tell him or shall I?” Aliyah asked Annie, eyebrow raised in accusation. It was strange to see her usually statue like features become expressive. Suddenly Annie realised what Aliyah was speaking of.
Aliyah looked to Baden to see if he realised what was going on. He turned to Annie in expectation but she said nothing, she couldn’t even look at him.
“What is it?” Baden asked her desperately but she continued to stare at Aliyah. Annie couldn’t find any words to say.
“There is something that Annie has not told you.” As Aliyah spoke she kept her eyes on Annie as did Baden. “Jiel offered Annie an alternative to his demand of a human soul. He instructed Annie not to tell any other, which is why she did not, and it would not have been a problem unless…she decided within herself to take the deal.”
“What was this offer?” Baden asked Annie but she still couldn’t bring herself to look at him. She looked to the ground, staring at the leaves resting on the dirt. “What was it?” He asked again, this time with a little anger creeping into his voice.
“He said I could give myself instead,” Annie whispered her confession like a scolded child.
“Annie!” Baden growled her name but she still didn’t look up at him.
He reached out and grasped her arm gently, making sure not to hurt her. He forced her to turn and look at him and she did so reluctantly.
“Why would you even consider that?” He asked when she finally looked at him.
“How are we meant to find a soul in one week that Taru took centuries to find?” Annie yelled, pulling away from Baden. “He will take me if we do not find someone anyway.” She was reacting out of her fear as she yelled at him and he knew it.
“Annie,” Aliyah interrupted her tirade. She and Baden whipped their heads around to her as if they forgot she was even there. “Under no circumstances are you to allow Jiel to have you. It is imperative that you ensure this does not happen.”
“How will we find a soul?” Annie yelled at her. Baden looked back to her, surprised Annie's anger was getting the better of her. It didn’t seem to bother Aliyah in the slightest. “And you want me to give him a soul, do you? An innocent person?” Annie sounded disgusted. Aliyah decided not to address Annie whilst she was in such an emotional state.
“Baden,” Aliyah snapped at him. He shot his head around to look at her. “You are to make certain that Jiel does not gain Annie. She is in no position to make this decision. There are bigger things depending on her freedom and it is up to you.”
“Who are we meant to sacrifice then?” Annie yelled at her again.
“There are penalties for separating combined souls,” Aliyah said to Annie. “You risk Baden with your own surrender. We cannot allow this to happen, there is much more riding on you two than you both realise.”
“I will make sure she is not taken,” Baden promised.
“Make certain you do,” Aliyah warned. Baden thought he almost heard a threat in her tone. “Jiel is expecting her to arrive alone and she will need to do just that.”
“What if he tries to take her?” Baden asked. Annie just stood there listening to their conversation about her.
“I will ensure he does not take her,” Aliyah promised without giving any more details.
“How did you know what Jiel offered me?” Annie asked and this time they both looked at Aliyah. “He said he put us in one of the ‘silent circles’ or whatever it is you call it.”
Aliyah smiled at Annie, a smile that looked full of mischief.
“I have my ways,” she answered vaguely.
What she didn’t explain was that the future her realm was keeping a close eye on had turned disastrous and could be traced back to Annie’s choice. The future had only changed as soon as she had made the decision to secretly give herself as the sacrifice. Jiel’s circle of silence had achieved its intended privacy, so the others in Aliyah’s realm had only assumed what he had offered from the decision Annie had made in the future they saw. And the horrible things that had ensued after her choice were up to Aliyah to stop from coming to fruition.
“And it differed from the circle of silence.” Aliyah continued. “He not only put you under a circle of silence, he also put you under a sheath of influence.”
“What is that?” Baden asked, his fury boiling up inside.
“It is something that his kind uses to push the limits of their allowance in regards to free will,” she explained. “He uses it to entice souls to bow to his desire and usually it succeeds but this time it was different.”
“Why?” Annie asked feeling uncomfortable with what Jiel had done.
“Baden’s soul is entwined with your own therefore it is no longer independent. Both of your souls now rely on the other and it is much stronger for it.” Aliyah was straight faced when she spoke, as if what she had just said wasn’t rather sweet in its own way.
Annie and Baden looked at each other feeling the gravity of her words. Baden’s eyes were alight with joy from knowing his soul was as close to Annie’s as possible. He couldn’t help the smile that crept onto his lips and Annie’s own smile broke through. Aliyah rolled her eyes at the moment caught between lovers. But suddenly a confused look came across Baden’s face and it caused Annie to pause.
“What is it?” She asked nervously.
“How did you hide what had happened from me? All the pain you must have been feeling yet I did not feel it though I tried,” Baden questioned. Annie looked to Aliyah because she needed confirmation of her theory.
“Annie seems to be a little more astute than you are, Baden,” Aliyah mocked.
Baden looked between the two in confusion. Seeing his lack of understanding she continued her explanation.
“You are both capable of feeling each other’s souls but you are also both capable of blocking your souls from the other, or just parts of your soul.” Aliyah revealed. “You can also choose to block the soul of the other from you if it is ever necessary, as you do so with other snatchers. You are not forced to connect your souls, however they will be connected unless you consciously choose to disengage them. Keep in mind, unlike other snatchers you block out, any disconnection between you both will most likely be fleeting.”
Baden looked to Annie in accusation. Of course he had thought that this would be the case but he didn’t think Annie would be able to hide her soul successfully so close to being changed or hide something of such magnitude.
“Why would blocking me be useful if she needs to draw on my strength? Or if we need to work together?” Baden asked Aliyah without taking his eyes off Annie, who hadn't looked at him in quite some time.
“It is not a question of whether it is useful, it has to do with the fact you two are the strongest snatchers on this earth with very little limitations,” Aliyah clarified. “Annie having more limitations than you, Baden. I am sure she will be shrewd enough not to block you from giving her your strength. Keeping in mind there may be times when you both may need to…untie yourself from the other…” she suggested with more meaning than they knew.
If Baden hadn’t been focusing on Annie so intently and if she hadn’t been feeling so guilty, they may have picked up on the subtle hint in Aliyah’s voice. But as it was, they weren’t concentrating and before either of them could pick up on anything she quickly continued.
“But if either of you block the other it will take its toll and become strenuous on the soul after a time because you are both connected so…intricately. Your ability to keep the other blocked for a substantial period of time will depend on your concentration, strength and will power. However, blocking out others will be quite easy for both of you and quite necessary.”
Baden immediately started worrying about the future and what it held for Annie and himself. How were they meant to do anything without knowing what was coming? How were they meant to work together when they could keep each other out so well, to the point they could even block the other’s soul from theirs? Aliyah saw the disheveling thought process play across Baden’s face and she took that as her queue to leave. They could figure the rest out on their own for now.
“Try not to get yourselves into any other situations that require me to travel to this realm.” Aliyah looked around the forest as she spoke. “This place is full of sensory things and it is rather off-putting.”
“Try not to summon us is such an unpleasant ‘sensory’ manner next time,” Baden said using her word against her. She smiled to herself at his discomfort, not thinking of Annie’s.
“I do what I must,” she said mischievously but did eventually think of Annie. “I will see what I can do if I ever have to call upon you so urgently again next time.”
Her method of summoning was due to the importance of the matter, she had to speak with them immediately and alone before Annie’s idea progressed any further and any number of dismal futures could take a foothold.
How fragile the future was, teetering precariously on one choice and the chooser not even knowing the repercussions.
Before either of them could ask any more questions, the wind picked up flicking dirt in their faces and causing them to shield themselves once again. As Baden and Annie turned back towards Aliyah she had already disappeared into her gold, twinkling dust. As if she had never been there. The wind stilled and left them in silence.
“Annie,” Baden said painfully.
The way he said her name was so heartbreaking that she had to look at him. She moved towards him without thinking but the way he looked at her made her pause. She wasn’t sure what he was thinking, he looked upset and as if he was restraining his emotions.
“We need to start working together. Our choices need to be made together and I need to be able to trust you to make sensible decisions,” he reasoned. She looked down to the ground once again and started nodding.
“He said I could not tell anyone,” she defended herself but she knew it was weak. Thinking back on it now it was silly that she ever agreed to it.
Jiel had obviously not wanted Annie to talk to Baden because he knew Baden would never allow her to give herself. He knew that if Annie was left to herself she might possibly say yes due to the self-sacrificing nature of her soul. He bluffed, with enough authority in his voice to manipulate her into thinking there may be consequences if she did not abide by the condition of secrecy.
She had made the choice to give herself without Baden and she shouldn’t have done that because by choosing to be with someone you choose to work together, especially in their particular situation.
Baden reached out and pulled Annie closer to him and they held onto each other, grateful that they had the other to rely on. Annie buried her face into his chest, feeling soothed by the comfort of his arms.
“From the sounds of it things are set to become rather difficult,” Baden began to say but stopped when he realised that Annie was crying. He looked down and saw that her silent tears were wetting the front of his shirt. “What is it?”
“Nothing,” she said as she shook her head and wiped her tears away.
“Annie…” Baden wasn’t having any of that. She looked up at him, eyes wide with sadness.
“Everything seems rather complicated,” she confessed. Baden felt her sadness but also felt guilty as well. It was because of him that she was mixed up in all of this.
“I am sorry.” His voice was quiet and he couldn’t even look at her as he spoke.
Suddenly she realised what her reaction was doing to him, he was thinking that she would blame him for what was happening.
“Baden.” Annie said his name sternly enough so that he looked at her. “I do not blame you for any of this. I chose you and I knew you came with a past so do not stand there and feel guilty because it weighs on me also when you do.”
Baden realised that she would be feeling what he was and he tried to make himself feel better so it wouldn’t weigh on her. Their lives and souls were so entangled now that they would have to think of the other in every situation and try not to burden the other with their emotions. Even though they could block their emotions from the other, Aliyah told them it would be taxing so they most likely wouldn’t be able to use that as an option all the time. They wanted nothing more than to bring joy and love to each other’s lives and that would mean dying to themselves and looking past their own pain to ensure that.
He reached out and brushed the hair off her face.
“We will work it all out,” he promised. “But we will need to work it out together.” She could see what he was saying.
“I will tell you and talk to you about the important things,” she assured. He leaned down and kissed her forehead.
“Tell me the small things too,” he said with his lips against her skin. “Because that is what makes you, you.” She smiled as he put his arm around her shoulders and they started walking back to the manor.
“I am sorry that I did not tell you,” she apologised, wrapping her arm around his waist.
“I could tell you were lying anyway,” he said through a laugh. “Even without our new entanglement you are an open book to me.”
“Well so are you!” She accused indignantly.
“Good!” He surprised her by saying. “I am looking forward to you reading me.” She looked up at him and he smiled down at her with all the love he felt. “Love you.”
“Love you,” she whispered back. And because of the love returned from someone she loved, everything was beginning to feel a little better.

CHAPTER 12:

When Baden and Annie came back to the manor after running away so abruptly they found everyone where they had left them, just staring at them in question as they came back through the door.
“Uh…” Baden said, looking to Annie for help.
“Um…” she said, not really having anything to say.
Adam decided that it was utterly boring standing there waiting for an excuse to their odd behavior. It took all of his patience to sit there and wait for them to get back and the only reason he had waited was because he thought there would be an exciting story behind it. Unbeknown to him there was but he wouldn’t be hearing it today. He was certain he would much prefer to be doing something more interesting, in fact he would prefer doing almost anything else other than what they were all currently doing.
“Well, I am satisfied,” he declared. Everyone looked at him in surprise. “Anyone want to go for a run?”
“I will,” Stewart accepted the offer. He suspected something was going on but if Baden and Annie didn’t want to tell them then they shouldn’t have to.
Micah left after them, he was feeling uncomfortable and unwanted being near Martha and Everard. Most of all he was too distracted with his own pain to really focus on what had just happened. He left to get some space from the others, even in the dire circumstances it was all too ‘happy’ for him to be around.
After the boys had left Martha and Everard dispersed awkwardly to go for a walk, feeling as if they hadn’t really gotten their answer. Which they hadn’t but they reasoned that if the others hadn’t pushed for the answer then why should they?
Annie and Baden felt relieved that they wouldn’t have to give an answer, or make up a lie, just yet about what had happened. Just when they began to feel relief Jory started to make his way over to them and they looked at each other warily. Before he had made it too far Healey moved between them, distracting them from Jory.
“May I speak with you privately?” Healey asked Annie. She was so taken off guard that Baden had to answer for her.
“Yes, that will be fine,” he said. “Go to the barn so you two can have some privacy,” he suggested. He wanted to get Annie out of the house and away from Jory to try and spare her from Jory’s questioning.
Healey extended his arm and she took it out of habit, once again coming back to the moment at hand. He led her out of the house and towards the barn, Annie knowing all the while that Baden would be able to hear every word they spoke if he chose to. And he would almost certainly choose to in this circumstance.
Jory stood staring at Baden after Annie and Healey left. The two men just stood there in unspoken hostility gauging each other’s stubbornness until Jory decided talking to Baden would produce no answers and finally left in a silent huff. His frustration came more from just wanting to have a quiet moment with Annie, which was becoming a ridiculous mission of late. Not that long ago he used to be the only one who was with her most of the time. He felt robbed and he couldn’t stand there another moment. Baden let it go when Jory brushed passed him, knocking his shoulder on his way out. He didn’t try to stop him because there was too much to focus on, he didn’t have time to try and console a man he didn’t care too much for.
On her way to the barn Annie glanced at Jory as he left, wishing she could make him feel better. He didn’t even look at her and it made her feel a little sad.
Night was starting to fall on what felt like an endless day. Just hours ago she had been a human. Now she was immortal, on a mysterious quest set out by an ‘other worldly’ being and on yet another pursuit by a different creature for a soul. Being even just a short distance away from Baden made it all feel overwhelming again.
In the house Baden took a private, comfortable seat in Annie’s room. He sat on a humble, old, leather arm chair. It was modest but amiable, like Healey himself. He was ready to listen to their conversation. After the barn doors were closed Annie smiled to herself, she had heard Baden take a seat in her room.
“What is that smile for?” Healey asked as he sat on a hay bale close by.
“You probably should know that Baden can hear us,” she confessed.
“Ah yes, I gathered as much,” Healey admitted. Baden smiled to himself in the lonely, unlit room.
“So, Healey,” Annie said as she sat on her own hay bale close by. “What is it that you need to speak with me about?”
He took a moment before he answered as he tried to gather his thoughts. Annie could feel his sorrow and it started to worry her. Baden could also feel Healey’s emotions through Annie.
“Since being brought back to this earth,” Healey started. “I have seen many things that have astounded me. In particular, I have seen the closeness of your group of friends…this family.” A smile came across his face as he spoke. “The love that I have seen amongst beings deemed irredeemable by many has inspired me more than I can express.” Tears started to fill Healey’s eyes and Annie felt her throat begin to tighten with emotion. “I came back to a world where the one I loved was lost. My family has long since passed but I have found that all of you have become more a part of me than expected.”
Baden sat in the room, chin leaning on his hand as he rested his elbow on the armrest. Annie and Healey’s pain was seeping into him and it was gradually becoming overwhelming. He could have blocked it out if he wanted to but something stopped him, as if it were too sad to let go.
“Healey, we are so blessed to have you in our lives.” Annie said, reaching out and touching his hand. He gently placed his other hand over hers with a small, sad smile.
“You all deserve to have your love and your life. This house is filled with some of the most selfless, forgiving and loving people I have come across.” Healey took a deep breath as he looked away, his tears falling in earnest now.
“What is it?” Annie asked, worried at his pain. After composing himself he looked up into Annie’s face with a smile.
“I will be the sacrifice you need,” he said. Annie blinked a few times to try and understand the words he just spoke.
“No, Healey. Do not think that you need to…” but she didn’t get a chance to finish.
“Annie, I am going to do this.” His face was so serious that it frightened her. Baden sat, brows furrowed as he tried to understand Healey’s choice. Why would Healey do this? Why would he give himself? “The one I loved is now gone, I have no family left,” he continued.
“But you have us now,” she argued. “Please, do not do this.”
“Your protest will do nothing to change my mind,” he insisted. “I will be the sacrifice. I would rather it be me than any of you. So you can either take me or I can go by myself.”
Annie sat there shaking her head as her tears started to fall. She didn’t want to do this, she couldn’t. She felt sick even thinking of it. Baden sat alone in the dark room trying to understand why Healey would give himself for the sake of others. And though he could not comprehend it himself he could feel what Healey was feeling. And as Baden felt the selflessness of Healey, and something he could only describe as goodness, silent tears fell down his face as he felt something rare in humans. He felt unconditional love within a humble man and it broke him.
“We do not want you to do this.” Annie spoke for herself and Baden. She could feel his pain. “Please do not do this. The world needs more people like you, Healey.”
Annie’s tears were falling down her sweet face and Healey was struggling to keep his own under control. He gently placed his hand on her arm and looked into her eyes.
“Annie.” He said her name so lovingly that it spurred her tears even further. “Some things happen in life that we have no control of and we must accept the choices others make. I choose to do this for all of you.”
Annie was shaking her head in denial, she didn’t want this to happen. She couldn’t let this happen.
“Please, Healey,” she said desperately. She grabbed his arm frantically. “We can find another way!”
“This is the only way,” he said calmly. “I think it best if we do not tell the others, it will be too hard for them.”
“With your own words can you not see that you should not do this?” Annie pleaded. “None of us would want you to do this. Please!” She almost screamed.
“My mind is made up. This is what will happen.” With a quick squeeze of her hand and a small, teary smile he left before she could keep trying to talk him out of it.
When he left the barn he took a moment to compose himself so when he walked into the manor, if anyone had returned, no one would be the wiser. He walked in through the back to find Baden standing there, leaning against the wall with his hand in his pockets. Healey froze and looked at Baden, he was surprised that Baden looked upset.
“As you may know,” Baden began. He spoke quietly as if in reverence. “I spent years despising humans because I could not find one worthy of saving. I am not here to talk you out of your own choice because we all deserve to have a choice…” he took a moment to gather himself. “By you doing this it guarantees Annie’s safety. I want you to know that I am thankful for what you are doing…and I admire who you are.”
There was a quiet pause between them before Healey spoke.
“You best are careful,” he said with a small smile. “If you keep going this way you might just lose the reputation of ‘monster’.”
Baden gave a breathless laugh and Healey went on his way.
In a moment Baden was in the barn, Annie sitting on the hay bale. She looked over at him with utter sorrow flowing through her. Her tears were still falling and had stained the front of her dress and perfect face.
“We cannot let him do this,” Annie whispered painfully.
Baden walked over and sat next to her, putting his arm around her and pulling her close. He kissed her cheek as she leaned into him.
“We do not have a choice in the matter,” he said on faltered breath. “It is his choice.”
So in the dark, quiet barn Annie cried as Baden held her. Both trying to come to terms with the loving sacrifice of one man, of their friend named Healey.

CHAPTER 13:

The week passed at a deathly pace. Everyone who didn’t know about Healey’s plan sat and waited for the consequence to be given by Jiel. Whereas Baden, Annie and Healey all kept silent and agonized over what was to come.
Finally the day came for Healey to be given and Annie could barely stop her body from shaking. They waited for night to fall so as not to be seen. Most of the others were out but a couple of them were still at the manor so Baden quietly slipped Healey out to the barn where Annie was waiting for them. She was dressed in her leather pants, tight shirt and vest. Hair pulled back in a braid, sleek and ready for what physical challenge might come her way. Healey looked handsome dressed in a humble suit that he wore impeccably.
“You can still back out,” Annie said as soon as she saw Healey. He laughed, only slightly, but ignored her suggestion. His heart was too genuine to turn back now and she could see that.
Baden started to bring out their horse from a stall in the barn. They purposely hadn’t lit any lanterns to remain as inconspicuous as possible.
“Is it very far?” Healey asked.
“Not very,” Baden answered quietly. He could see what toll it was taking for Healey to give himself like this and he didn’t want to intrude on the moment as much as possible.
“Could I walk?” Healey didn’t know what was to become of him in a matter of moments and he didn’t want to speed towards it on a horse. He wanted to walk, for the last time in his life he wanted to walk with his feet against the earth.
Annie just nodded trying to hold back the tears. Healey reached into his pocket and produces a letter, folded neatly. He held it in his hand and gazed at it for a small moment. He opened his mouth to say something but instead he just took a breath and handed it to Baden. Baden took it with care, as if it were precious.
“Give this to the others after it is done,” Healey instructed.
Baden stood there feeling heavy from what this man was doing. He had done nothing wrong and here he was giving himself for the sake of others. Baden wasn’t one to show affection to anyone except for Annie but he couldn’t help but show how grateful he was. Without warning he grabbed Healey and embraced him.
“Thank you,” Baden said.
Healey was caught off guard and so surprised by the action that he laughed, albeit breathlessly. Baden wasn’t offended by the reaction, it simply reminded him of Healey’s gentle way and it made it all the harder. After patting Baden on the back they broke free from their hug.
“That reminded me of when I first met you,” Healey reminisced with a smile. He was referring to when Baden had just dug him up and he had come back to life. Baden had done just the same thing.
“You are right,” Baden agreed. “You seem to be a man that induces the emotional side of me,” he joked.
Other than Annie, Healey was one of the only people alive that had experienced overt kindness from Baden in his changed form.
Suddenly Annie burst into tears and the men looked at her. Healey took her hand and placed it in the nook of his arm, patting it gently. With a weak smile from Baden, Annie and Healey walked out of the barn, Annie still crying.
Soon Healey and Annie were well into the woods, all they could hear were the crickets chirping as the warm breeze blew through the grass. They walked, arm in arm like a gentlemen and a lady.
“Are you afraid?” Annie asked and for a time he didn’t give an answer. She could easily have read his soul but she didn’t want to do that to him this time, she wanted him to have his privacy. She wanted these last moments to be his.
“I would be more afraid for all of you if there was no sacrifice,” he confessed honestly.
“How are you so selfless, Healey?” She couldn’t comprehend how someone could be like that, even though she was quite the same herself.
“We all have our weaknesses and strengths. I cannot say with certainty how I came to be like this.” His tone was soft and comforting, even at a time like this. He was one of the best people she had ever met and he was about to be taken away from everyone who cared for him.
They walked in silence for a time until Annie thought of something that might be able to give them hope.
“Do you remember what happened to you when you lay dormant for so many years?” Maybe this would give them some indication of what he should expect.
“I have tried to recall some memory but unfortunately I have come up short every time.” Healey always spoke so dignified and calmly.
“You inspire me to be better,” Annie complimented. She wasn’t one to hide how she felt and she definitely wanted Healey to know before he was taken away. “You make me feel as if there is so much hope in everything…thank you.”
A smile stretched across his face and though he remained quiet Annie knew he appreciated what she had said.
Suddenly Annie felt a cool breeze sweep across them and disappear as quickly as it came. She wondered to herself if it was someone travelling between realms and who it might be. She had noticed that they tended to travel on the breeze and had begun to analyze almost every change of breeze that came along. She noted that particular shift felt different to the usual change in breeze before someone appeared. In any case, she was sure she would soon find out.
Before too long, a length of time that didn’t feel long enough at all, they made it to the house. Annie’s heart skipped a few nervous beats but it was clear that Jiel wasn’t there yet. They sat down underneath the willow tree, the one where Healey had been buried for so long. Now that they were actually there it felt like an eternity passed as they waited, every moment filled with fear of what was to come. They sat in silence holding each other’s hand, caring for the other as much as they could with the small gesture.
Annie heard him before he appeared so she wasn’t surprised when Jiel stepped out of the trees. Of course he was in his usual black covering, looking like death itself. Healey and Annie looked at each other before they stood up, hand in hand, and walked over to Jiel. They all stopped when they were a few feet away from each other.
“What do we have here?” Jiel asked. If he was surprised then he didn’t show it. Annie turned to Healey and he looked so brave standing there that she couldn’t form words because of encroaching tears.
“I am here as the sacrifice you require,” Healey announced unwaveringly. Jiel looked to Annie who could only just nod to show confirmation.
“And why is it that you are giving yourself?” Jiel asked, his bemusement showing only slightly.
“I want my friends to have a chance at their lives, I want them to not have to pay the price forced upon them.” Healey spoke eloquently, bravely holding back the sadness he felt.
“And you are willing to pay that price?” Jiel watched Healey carefully.
“Yes, I am,” Healey answered with all of the honesty in him.
Jiel raised his eyebrows in surprise, he hadn’t expected Healey to be so genuine when he responded but he had been, more so than any other Jiel had questioned before. It had taken centuries for Taru to find someone who could live up to his requirements for a soul and it took Annie a week. Jiel stared at her for a time trying to understand how she could elicit such strong feelings from the people around her and it made his curiosity about her grow.
Begrudgingly he went back to studying Healey and he could not fault the man. Because of his sincerity, Jiel would not be allowed to forcibly take Annie as payment because Healey was giving himself with nothing to gain, it was truly unconditional. In the past no other love had come close to being enough, only that between lovers had been the most promising, but this was heartfelt and warm. Healey was filled with hope for his friends and sadness for himself, yet he willingly gave his own life. Even though Annie’s love for Baden might have been stronger, this sacrifice was sufficient enough not to refuse. He especially could not refuse such a worthy sacrifice whilst being watched.
Jiel was angry, almost filled with a rage he could not control but outwardly he remained calm. He simply raised his hand briefly and from out of the trees came one of the minions that had tried to kill Annie.
Instinctively Annie let go of Healey’s hand and grabbed his arm. She couldn’t help but pull them a step away from the approaching threat. Tears ran down her face because all she wanted to do was run away with Healey and hide him far away so he could never be found by Jiel.
“Are you changing your mind, Annie?” Jiel tormented with a glimmer of hope in his selfish soul.
“What are you going to do with him?” She asked, keeping her eyes on the snatcher-like creature approaching.
Annie looked carefully at the ‘snatcher’ as he came closer. He was dressed all in black and with her new eyes she could see that there seemed to be no soul within it. It had not been made from a human but rather created out of nothing to become a slave. Its eyes were lifeless and it only moved once told. It was truly a monster.
“Nothing that concerns you any longer,” Jiel answered.
“Wait!” Annie yelled. Jiel raised his hand again and the soulless creature stopped. “I need you to promise me something.”
Healey remained quiet as he watched his fate approaching swiftly, yet he did not have any desire to retract his offer. Even facing the horror of the unknown he gladly gave his life. This angered Jiel even further. If Healey had become doubtful then he would have had rights to take Annie but this ridiculously selfless man would not give in, even to spare himself. Healey was truly filled with the unconditional love required for the sacrifice.
“And why would I do that?” Jiel asked condescendingly as he tried to hide his anger.
“Just hear me out,” Annie pleaded. When Jiel didn’t react she went on. “Can you just be respectful of him?”
Jiel was about to refuse her but something stopped him. Something in Annie’s eyes made him falter and for the briefest of moments he almost felt…human. Well, what he thought it felt like to be human anyway. It was the pain and fear in her eyes that gave him pause, it made him feel sorry for her and he had no idea why. Annie saw his hesitation and she took advantage of it.
“Just this once, Jiel.” She looked at him with all the sadness she had within her. Silently begging him to do this for her if it was the only kind thing he ever did for the rest of his existence.
The use of his name took him off guard. She had not used it to summon him or to reprimand him, to throw hatred at him or to show her disgust of him. No, she had been one of the few in all of his long life to use his name as simply his name. As a human would another.
Jiel paused for a moment before he raised his hand again to instruct the ‘snatcher’ to take what was now his.
“Be assured that he will not be harmed,” Jiel promised. The ‘snatcher’ came over robotically and took hold of Healey’s other arm.
Annie and Healey looked at each other but neither had any words left that could add anything to what was happening. So with a heavy, broken heart Annie let go of Healey’s arm. The ‘snatcher’ calmly walked Healey over to the tree line and just before they disappeared Healey looked back with a smile for Annie, no tears in sight. She forced a smile but the tears that fell from her eyes contradicted the sentiment.
Then Healey was gone.
Back at the manor Baden gathered everyone into the library, he waited until they were all settled in chairs before he began. Martha and Everard sat together and Jory, Adam, Stewart and Micah sat separately.
“Today you wait for Jiel to return in vain, he will not be coming,” Baden announced. Everyone looked at each other, confused by what he said.
“Why?” Stewart was the only one who could form a word.
“Healey came to Annie and myself a week ago. He told us that he was going to give himself as the sacrifice.” Baden went on to retell the story with a heavy heart.
Everyone in the room looked around aimlessly, avoiding having to look at each other. They didn’t know how to react and most everyone stayed silent.
“Where is he?” Adam asked quietly. Baden took a moment to answer.
“Annie has taken him to Jiel,” he explained softly.
The heartbroken silence once again filled the room. The news was not only shocking but it was also devastating. Baden pulled out the letter that Healey had written to them from his breast pocket.
“He wanted me to give you this…after it was done,” he said, holding out the folded piece of paper in his hand.
Everyone looked at the letter with wide, teary eyes. No one was game enough to stand and take it from him.
“You read it,” Martha suggested almost inaudibly.
Baden looked around and everyone seemed to approve of the idea so he unfolded the letter and just looked at it for a moment. His eyes clouded over with tears as he read the first line and it took some time before he could gather himself again. Everyone watched, completely shattered by the sight. They knew if Baden found it this emotional then they were all going to be much worse.

My dearest friends,
I have come to know you all during the past little while and a very blessed time it has been for me. When I was brought back to find myself without my love and without my family it felt like another world entirely. Though, before I could fret too long I was soon welcomed by all of you without question or hesitation.
I am aware that there are many who deem you all soulless and dangerous creatures. And there may be some out there quite fitting of the title but in my experience with you all I find it undeserved. Yes, Baden even you.
I chose to give myself because I did not want you all to suffer for something that I could prevent. I may not be as strong or as fast or immortal like you but there is something that I can give that none of you could and that is my human soul. I am sure that if any of you had the same opportunity then you would do as I have.
The only thing I ask in return for my gift to you is this; do not squander it. I have given you all a chance to start anew and I want you all to use the chance wisely. Do not take for granted the things that so many out there do not have. Things such as; love, friendship and family. You are all a family regardless of the fact that you are not bound by blood.
I love you all dearly and I hope the best for all of your lives. Live a life that is admirable, as I know you all shall.
Yours eternally,
Healey.

Baden slowly folded the letter closed and sat it on the nearest table. Everyone sat frozen, straight faced as silent tears fell down their cheeks. What a heartbreaking scene it was. Jory was the first to leave quietly then Micah was soon to follow. Micah hadn’t particularly liked Healey but he definitely didn’t want anything like this to happen to him, the guilt of that and paired with losing Taru was more than he could cope with right now. Stewart left shortly after then Adam and lastly Martha and Everard. They all needed their space to process what just happened, to deal with the fact that a good man believed in them so much that he would give himself so they could have their life.
Baden stood in the library for a while until he gave up and went to his room. The manor was empty of everything but the heartbreaking fact that Healey was gone and it was all because of them. No wonder everyone else had left the place, it was almost too much to bear. Finding himself overcome by the weight of it Baden left and went to the barn.
He would wait for Annie there. And for the first time in years Baden prayed, he prayed that Annie would be back soon to save him from the pain.

CHAPTER 14:

Annie’s heart was left feeling hollow after Healey left. She lost all the breath within her and she was so sad that tears wouldn’t even come. She just died a little inside instead. Jiel stood there watching her as her heart played across her face. It was as if she had lost a brother.
“It pains you,” Jiel said, looking at her as if she was rather peculiar.
Her sorrow was a burden to her soul, he could see it breaking her. He had never seen someone care so much about another and it puzzled him. The scariest part is that he felt sorry for her. Her pain made her look so innocent, so vulnerable. In all his years he had not come across anyone like her. When he caught himself feeling what could only be described as compassion, he quickly gathered himself and pushed it away. There was no time for that now, he had a job to do.
Annie blinked quickly and looked at him as if she had forgotten he was even there. She was angry that this creature was so heartless. He just stood there staring at her, looking as if he was trying to understand and it made her angry.
“Pain…that is something you would know nothing about!” She spat at him. She turned to leave but he stopped her with his words.
“Do not go just yet, dear Annie.” He almost purred the words. She stopped and turned back to face him.
“We have finished our business, there is nothing left to discuss.” She just wanted to go back to Baden and get away from this sad, lonely scene.
“I think you should stay a moment longer, so we can talk.” He made it sound like she didn’t have a choice.
For the simple fact that she wanted to make sure the debt was settled and her friends were safe, she stayed there. When she didn’t move to leave he walked over to her and closed the distance dividing them.
“What do you want?” Annie folded her arms to try and create a barrier between them.
“I think the more appropriate question would be, what do I need?” He corrected. She rolled her eyes and looked rather uninterested in his words. “I must confess something to you, I had an ulterior motive in requesting the soul so quickly.”
“Shocking!” She said sarcastically. She didn’t have any patience left as she tried to hold back her pain.
“Would you like to know what that was?” He wondered. She only shrugged her shoulders as if she could care less about it all. “You,” he answered when she didn’t respond.
“I think I could have guessed that.” Annie thought that Jiel seemed rather deranged.
“I was certain you would not be able to find a soul in such a short amount of time. I was going to take you when you came empty handed…do you know why I want you?” He persisted.
“My soul.” She mocked his use of the word from their previous conversation.
He stepped a little closer to her and grabbed her by the arms, pulling her even closer so their faces were almost touching.
“Your soul reeks of something powerful, Annie. I know there is something in there that you know of and I want it. I want you,” he snarled. Just like that he lost his calm demeanor.
“Baden is more powerful than me,” she reasoned trying to sidetrack him.
“His power comes from death but yours…it comes from life.” Jiel looked like his lust for her power consumed him as he stared at her. “If you give yourself to me I will give you everything you ever dreamed of.”
What Jiel was saying was quite true but he was a rather good manipulator as Annie was something he wanted to possess only for a short time. He thought appealing to her pride would make her want to go with him. The real reason he wanted her was so he could tempt Baden to trade himself for Annie’s freedom. Then he would have Baden and with him Jiel thought himself undefeatable.
“There is nothing that I want!” She yelled as she tried to free her arms. He held her even tighter so she couldn’t get free.
“Everyone wants something….” He refused to believe her.
He changed his tactic now, from flattery to something he knew everyone had a weakness for. Suddenly his voice turned smooth and enticing as if he flipped a switch. He pushed her against the nearest tree and leaned his body into hers, making sure he kept hold of her.
“Everyone needs something,” he whispered into her ear.
Without her realising he had sheathed them in his shroud of influence, she had missed the sickening feeling due to the adrenaline running through her. He blocked out all of her senses so she could only see, hear, feel and smell him.
“Everyone can be bought, Annie,” he purred in her ear.
Suddenly she was filled with lust, not for Jiel but just the feeling of lust. It consumed her so much that she felt thirsty. It trickled through her and stuck to every part of her, feeding off her energy. She thought that it was Jiel pushing the feeling into her and she tried to push it back out. She felt like she was about the size of an ant trying to push back a boulder. As she struggled she realised it was him using all the desire she had inside for Baden against her, conjuring it up inside without her permission. Because it was there he could manipulate it and she wouldn’t be able to escape it. Now she was filled with fear as she realised she could not push it away because they were her true feelings she was fighting, ones that she had never been able to defeat.
“I want nothing!” She yelled trying to look past him and see the forest but all she could see was black.
He grabbed the hair at the nape of her neck and forced her to look at him. He looked into her eyes and suddenly images flashed through her mind, images of Jiel and her writhing in pleasure.
“No!” She screamed as she closed her eyes and tried to shake away the thoughts.
He was trying to force her to give in any way that he could. He was pushing the limits of free will, allowing her only the minutest access to her will and it was difficult for her to focus.
“Give in,” he crooned seductively into her ear. His voice felt like warm honey trickling down her neck and over skin and it disgusted her. “There is something I know you do want,” he tempted using a different voice. She recognised the voice instantly and it startled her.
Annie looked up and all she could see was Baden standing there, holding her. She knew it wasn’t him but because of her feelings for Baden she couldn’t hold onto sense as easily. Jiel again used her own feelings against her, ones that she couldn’t deny.
“You are not him!” She yelled, closing her eyes again.
He let go of her arms and she tried to use them to push against his chest and get him away from her but she felt weak, like her arms were made of liquid. Now she was assaulted with images of her and Baden, together like she fantasized about constantly. Her resolve was becoming weaker and she would do anything for the barrage to stop.
But because she willingly wanted Baden, Jiel could use it to overwhelm her and it was working. He could feel her losing the battle and he would be able to ask anything of her and she would comply in a matter of moments. He pulled her even closer still, breathing down her neck and playing with her hair.
“Give in,” he breathed again.
The only way she could think to try and stop it was to imagine Jiel standing there, someone that sickened her beyond words. She closed her eyes tighter and tried to imagine being stronger than him.
“Annie,” Jiel said using Baden’s voice.
Annie moved her face closer to his, so her lips were near to his ear. She ran her hands through his hair and took a good handful. He thought she was about to give in and it excited him, that was until she whispered to him.
“Jiel,” she hissed.
Before he could do anything she grabbed his hair tightly and ripped at it, pulling him away from her so she could get some air. Then she used her hand to thrust into his chest, pushing him away from her. It only worked because she had caught him by surprise. When there was finally distance between them the sheath broke and she was freed from the torment. But she didn’t have much time to try and regroup herself because Jiel was determined. He was moving towards her before she could even blink but suddenly a breeze blew through the place.
“Jiel!” A voice yelled from across the field as the breeze calmed down. He froze at the sound of it.
They both turned to see Aliyah standing close by in her menacing way. She looked irate and all aglow with power in her angel-white clothes.
“Aliyah, how nice it is to see you,” Jiel overtly lied. “I have not seen you in this realm in centuries…what brings you here?” She cocked her head to one side and looked at him accusingly.
“All souls that are traded to you must always have one of us present and you know this,” Aliyah almost growled. It sounded as if she thought him stupid. “Your control over Annie has been brought to my attention and must be dealt with accordingly.”
“I did not take away her will entirely,” he reasoned calmly.
“Which is why you may walk away from here with your life,” she warned. “But there are penalties for the lengths in which you tried to manipulate today.”
“She still made her choice by refusing me,” he tried to defend himself in vain. “And why are you paying such particular attention to Annie?” He sounded suspicious.
“A being weaker than Annie would have succumbed and you are well aware of the consequences of your actions.” Aliyah ignored his question, she was done listening. 
“But…” he began but was interrupted.
“Jiel!” Aliyah announced his name. “For infringing on the free will of an untraded and unwilling soul; you shall be banished from this realm for the next five years. This is non-negotiable.” Her face was steely as she advised him of his punishment.
Annie watched in silence and she saw Jiel’s face erupt in utter fury as he was served his sentence. But there was nothing he could do, he had to obey the sentence or he would face dire consequences.
He turned to Annie with a small smirk. It sent a cold shiver down her spine for all she could see was desire there.
“I shall be seeing you in a matter of years then, Annie,” he vowed. Then he turned and left, walking past Aliyah on his way. “I am sure I will be seeing you much sooner,” he hissed at her.
When the breeze came and went to show his exit Aliyah walked over to Annie and stood in front of her, watching her curiously.
“How did you deny him?” She questioned Annie.
“What?” Annie asked breathlessly. She was so out of breath it felt like she was a human who had just sprinted a great distance.
“He was restricting almost all of your free will and you still denied him, how?” She reiterated.
“I…I have no idea.” Annie didn’t know what to say.
“That is what I thought,” she confessed. “I believe your connection to Baden is much stronger than I anticipated. I can only deduce that you were drawing on his strength.” Aliyah seemed very pleased by this.
“Why did you not step in sooner?” Annie asked angrily.
“Jiel had not negotiated someone to oversee the trade, as he should have, but we had sent someone anyway. They were governing this trade and when they saw what was happening they retrieved me as quickly as they could,” she explained. “However, I did wait long enough to ensure that Jiel would receive a considerable punishment for his actions before it became too much for you. So thank you, Annie,” she said with a smile. “You assisted me quite nicely.”
“Well that is marvelous,” Annie said sarcastically. “If you do not mind I will be on my way.” Annie turned to leave but was stopped by Aliyah’s protest.
“Ensure you remain…what was the word you used…holy?” Aliyah reminded, laughing at the memory.
“Why would you say that?” Annie asked though she had a good idea why.
“I saw what Jiel was doing to you, I am sure those feelings have not died away so quickly.” With that Aliyah turned and left, moving into the woods. Soon after she disappeared from sight there was a slight breeze and Annie knew she was gone.
When Annie was left alone she turned and ran for the manor. All she wanted to do right now was see Baden, for all the naughty reasons Aliyah had just warned her about.

CHAPTER 15:

Annie ran faster than she had ever run before. As she approached the manor she could sense that it was empty and that Baden was in the barn. He could feel her coming and her hurry concerned him. He went to the barn door but she was already there. She burst through like a hurricane and caught him off guard. Once she was inside she pushed the doors of the barn and they slammed closed, almost splitting with the force of her hand but she didn’t take much notice.
“Annie?” Baden said surprised as he stood gawking at her. He could feel what was going on inside of her and he was confused.
Without any warning she lunged at him, grabbed his shirt and threw her lips against his. He stumbled back from the abruptness of it, only just catching his footing. He started moving back even further but more so she was pushing him back with fervor. Her lips kissed his wildly, even when his back slammed into a load bearing post creating a shower of dust. He barely had time to take in air let alone time to say a word as they kissed. He pried his lips away from hers reluctantly, the only reason being that he would soon give in if he wasn’t careful.
“Annie,” Baden repeated. Still she didn’t listen.
Instead she worked her lips down his neck as she unbuttoned his shirt faster than he could stop her. She ripped his shirt off before he could catch her and she paused for just a moment. Her eyes were wild with passion as she looked up at him fiercely. Her surging emotions for him, combined with his own desire, were too much for him to control. After a moment of looking at her completely bewildered he gave in.
Losing himself to the urgency she had been feeling, he grabbed her and pulled her close. So close she was on top of him. Their lips met again with no intent to part. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he tore her shirt and vest away from her body, leaving her in only a barely there undershirt. He then went for her pants, ripping them away. Her decency was only just covered by the overly long undershirt. He pushed himself off the post and they stumbled through the hay until they fell into an empty, clean stable.
Lying on their sides they kissed frantically as his hand travelled up the skin of her stomach, further and further until it reached the smooth, perfect skin of her chest. It sent a tingle up her spine and she shivered against him, which made him smile. She started to unbutton his pants and this was the only moment they would have to turn back, once that was done there would be nothing to stop them.
Annie paused their kissing for a moment as she unclasped Baden’s trousers and he just looked at her. The last button came undone and they both laid there not moving. Suddenly a hungry smile came across Annie’s face and Baden’s followed just after. Her hand lingered around his flawless stomach until it started to creep down towards his groin. As she reached beneath the top of his loose trousers both their hearts picked up pace. This was it, the moment they had been waiting for. As her hand reached closer to everything she wanted so desperately they heard the barn door creak open. They had been too distracted to hear anyone coming.
“I am telling you Stewart, they will enjoy it,” Adam argued.
Annie and Baden’s eyes widened in complete frustration, in their distraction they had completely missed the fact someone had been approaching the barn. He couldn’t believe it! Trying to hold back his anger he couldn’t help but close his eyes and hold his breath. They had to remain absolutely still if they didn’t want to be detected. He knew Adam didn’t have the refined skills to detect him but Stewart might take notice even if he wasn’t trying.
“We are all in mourning, Adam! A game of horseshoe is not the answer,” Stewart scolded. Adam ignored him as he searched the barn for an iron stake to push into the ground and a few old horse shoes.
“You are wrong! Micah already said he would play,” Adam argued. “I think if Healey were still here he might quite like to join us too!” He added.
Stewart followed Adam around the barn as he searched. A slight scuffle off to the side made Stewart pause.
“What is it?” Adam asked not hearing anything himself.
“Did you hear that?” Stewart looked around the barn trying to find the cause of the noise.
 Baden placed a finger over his mouth to silence Annie and she looked at him silently as if to say, you seriously needed to do that? The stable door was ajar and they were only just hidden behind it, laying there practically naked and wrapped in each other’s arms. It’s not that they were worried about their friends catching them, it was just that they were told to wait by a mysterious being for reasons they didn’t exactly know.
Stewart started to creep over towards the stable as Adam kept looking for his items for the game. As Stewart was approaching the stable where Baden and Annie lay, he almost had his hand on the gate when suddenly something wrapped around his neck.
What no one had expected to happen was for Adam to find a horse shoe tied to a rope, for whatever reason, and decided it would be fun to try and lasso a random object. The only problem was that Adam was dreadful at anything that required skill and instead of wrapping around his target it veered off and wrapped around Stewart’s neck. And to top it off the horse shoe smacked Stewart in the face before it settled against his chest. Furious, Stewart slowly turned around to find a cowering Adam.
“Tricky thing, lassoing,” Adam commented sheepishly. He still had the other end of the rope in his hand which he was holding up as if to prove his point.
Stewart slowly unraveled the rope from his neck as he watched Adam with a fiery gaze. Baden and Annie quickly gathered what had happened and could barely hold back their laughter. Their quiet snickering was lost on an enraged Stewart and definitely lost on a terror ridden Adam. Adam may have been the cause of Baden and Annie’s problem but he was now the solution to it as well.
Holding the horse shoe, Stewart walked up to Adam and snatched the rope from his hand, raveling it up as he tried to hold back his anger.
“Get the things,” Stewart growled.
Adam smiled awkwardly as he shot off to grab some horse shoes and a large, metal stake as quickly as he could. He was swiftly back in front of Stewart with the items, holding them up to show he had done as he was told. Seeing that Stewart was not impressed, Adam started making his way out of the barn with Stewart lagging behind.
“Adam, you forgot one,” Stewart called out.
Adam turned around just in time to see the horse shoe on the end of the rope hurtling towards him before it hit him in the face. This was followed by the laughter of Stewart as he coiled the rope back up and caught up to Adam who was nursing his nose.
“Tricky thing that lassoing,” Stewart said, patting Adam on the back. “Tricky thing.” Stewart started walking off ahead of Adam.
“Yours was on purpose!” Adam called out to Stewart as he ran after him.
The barn was left empty of everyone except Baden and Annie and they breathed a sigh of relief. He looked at her as they lay there, their senses falling back to them.
“I think you should find your clothing,” Baden advised.
He stood, forgetting that his pants were unclasped. They started to fall, almost exposing everything he owned, much to Annie’s delight…that was until he caught them just in time. Her look of sheer disappointment brought a little smile to his face but he had to keep his good sense about him if they were both going to walk out of there with their virtue. Annie closed her eyes and let her head fall back into the hay with a sigh.
“Where are my things?” She asked, reluctantly giving into his request.
As Baden buttoned his pants he peeked over the stable gate and looked around the barn. He spotted her clothes over in the corner, he hadn’t realised that he had thrown them that far. He went over and picked them up out of the hay. To his dismay they were all torn so badly they were practically scraps.
“Damn,” he cursed under his breath.
“What is it?” Annie asked as she popped her head over the gate. Seeing the state of her clothes she tried to hide her smile.
“It is not funny, Annie,” he said sternly. She looked around and saw his shirt on the ground.
“Do you know what else is not funny?” Annie asked as she went over and picked up his shirt off the ground. It, like her clothes, was in shreds. She looked up at him with a cheeky smile. He was not impressed to say the least.
“Wait here and I will sneak in and get a dress for you,” he said. “Put these on as best you can whilst you wait.” He threw the clothes to her as he made his way out of the barn.
She caught them skillfully and had the shreds of clothes on in less than a second. Though now she looked like she had been wearing the same clothes for centuries and they were quite literally falling off her.
Baden waited at the back door to try and feel where everyone was. When he sensed that everyone was out the front playing horseshoe he raced inside and up to his room. In his rush he had not sensed that Stewart was actually in the library grabbing a small rule book of outdoor games. He was convinced that Adam was wrong with one particular rule and had set out to correct him. He hardly saw Baden rush past but he could have sworn he had no shirt on. Stewart ran upstairs to find Baden shirtless, rummaging through Annie’s draws.
“Baden?” Stewart said walking in, book in hand. Baden looked around like an animal caught in a net.
“Stewart…I just…came up to change my shirt,” he explained as he continued his search.
“Where is your other one?” He asked.
“Uh…” Baden turned around slowly. He was trying to give himself time to think of a lie. “It was the darndest thing! I…uh…I was running through the trees and a small bear attacked me!” Stewart’s face was skeptical as Baden tried to look gob smacked. Stewart folded his arms smugly as he walked towards Baden.
“And this ‘small bear’ does not happen to be; oh about a foot or so shorter than you, with black hair, and goes by the name of Annie, does it?” Stewart’s face broke into a smile when Baden didn’t have a response.
“I just came in for a book.” Stewart changed the subject quickly as he tapped the book in his hand to show proof. “And that is all I recall happening.”
“Nothing happened…” but Baden didn’t finish his sentence because of Stewart’s scolding look. “Well, that did not happen.”
“Obviously!” Stewart declared. “You would be looking much more impressed with yourself if it had.” Baden relaxed his shoulders in relief and Stewart took that as his queue to leave.
“Stewart,” Baden called out to him after he was out the door. He poked his head back in the room. “Thank you.” After his usual grin Stewart left Baden in peace.
Annie wandered around the barn looking at little things here and there as she waited. As she looked around in distraction Adam suddenly popped his head in, he was on a mission to find more horse shoes.
“Oh, Annie,” Adam said. “Great, you can join us for…” but his words were cut short when he saw the state of Annie’s clothes. “What on earth happened to your attire?” His voice was full of alarm as he approached her.
“Oh…uhmmmm…” Annie looked down at herself trying to think of something. She had heard Baden talking to Stewart in the house so she took his lie. “A bear attack!”
“What?!” Adam looked like he had been slapped in the face.
“On my way back from…” She opted not to talk about Healey. “Going out I was attacked by a bear!”
“Goodness!” Adam said. He looked utterly horrified but the funniest part was that he was totally believing it.
“Yes, I know,” she agreed. She walked around behind him as if she were honestly troubled by it but she was really only trying to hide her laughter. “I handled it though.”
“Well…do you think you would like to join us for a game of horseshoe?” Adam offered innocently as he turned around to trail her steps. Annie turned to him and looked at his trusting, caring face and it almost made her sad. He was so kind.
“I might join you in a moment or so,” she answered, hiding the emotion in her voice.
“There you are,” Stewart said as he came in the barn door.
“Stewart, Annie got attacked by a bear!” Adam proclaimed. Stewart looked at Annie’s clothes and tried to hide his smile.
“Yes, Baden was just telling me!” Stewart said with a sly wink to Annie. “Apparently it was as tall as Baden and just as ferocious as well.”
“Incredible,” Adam whispered, astonished by the tale. “I did not even realise there were bears around this area.”
“Let us get back to the others and leave Annie to it,” Stewart suggested to distract Adam as he started guiding him out the door.
“We should try that one day,” Adam said excitedly as they walked away from the barn.
“What?” Stewart wondered.
“Fight a bear!” Adam answered.
“Do not be foolish,” Stewart reprimanded. “It would be a waste of time.”
“Because we know we would win?” Adam assumed the reason.
“Not at all! Because you would be seriously injured!” Stewart quipped then he was off running, Adam soon after him.
Baden snuck back into the barn, wearing a clean shirt, to find Annie laughing. He couldn’t help the small smile that caught him either as he handed her the dress. She started to pull her torn clothes off and Baden quickly turned away. Annie rolled her eyes at his effort to control himself.
“You do realise that just a moment ago you were fondling my breasts?” Annie remarked, sounding as if she found it all ridiculous.
“And with your attitude we will never make it to our wedding night!” Baden spoke as if he were appalled. She came up behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist.
“For goodness sake, when will that be?” She asked sounding rather fed up with waiting, which she was. He turned around in her arms and pulled her close.
“Let us make it as soon as humanly possible!” He declared.
“Faster!” She proclaimed. “We are snatchers after all.” He smiled at her enthusiasm because it matched his own.
“Now, are you going to tell me what got into you just now?” He asked smiling, he felt quite happy to hold her. She took an exaggerated breath in.
“Let us go inside, it is a long story,” she suggested.
As Baden and Annie made their way inside they could hear an almighty quarrel erupt between Adam and Stewart about the rules of the game horseshoe. From what they saw it ended in Stewart throwing the rulebook at Adam who fumbled to catch it and throw it back just the same. What a silly, lighthearted pair they were.

CHAPTER 16:

After Annie calmed Baden down from his anger towards Jiel’s actions, she convinced them to move on and start planning the wedding again. Jiel was gone, for a while at least, and they didn’t need to worry about him.
With everyone on board and the wedding plans full steam ahead there was only one thing left for Jory to do, that was to leave.
“Are you sure you do not want to stay?” Annie asked Jory privately one night in the library.
“I think it would be best for us all,” he said respectfully.
Sensing that he would not be changing his mind she decided not to push him. With an understanding smile she left him alone, she felt that was what he wanted. She knew she would be able to see him before he left.
“Annie! Annie!” Adam called out as he rushed up to her on her way out of the library.
“What? What?” Annie asked, playing along with his enthusiasm.
“Come for a run with me!” He spoke excitedly as he grabbed hold of both her hands. “Stewart said that I would not be able to beat you and I want to prove him wrong.” Annie looked at him as if he were silly. Of course she would beat him, she knew she was much faster than him. 
“Are you sure you want to race?” She asked. “Maybe we can just go for a run for fun together?” Adam took a silent moment to think about it which made her giggle. “Wait here a moment,” she asked.
Before he could say anything she ran up the stairs and was back dressed in tights and shirt, ready for action. Luckily she had plenty of extras of pants and shirts that fit her, something Antoinette had begrudgingly helped her with.
“Come with me, we will just have some fun my friend,” she decided for him as she led him out of the manor. Soon enough they were on their way and in hysterics.
Baden had gotten Stewart to subtly goad Adam into taking Annie away so he could speak with Jory without her knowing. Of course Adam had no idea what was going on. He simply rose to the challenge set by Stewart, as he always did.
Baden came into the library and took a seat across from where Jory sat quietly in a leather reading chair, looking pensive as usual.
“It is a lovely evening,” Baden commented idly. Jory just nodded his head in agreement.
“Something you want to say?” Jory asked, seeing right through Baden’s intentions.
“Am I that transparent?” Baden joked, he couldn’t help but smile at being caught out. Jory sat there awkwardly as he waited for whatever it was that Baden wanted to say. He cleared his throat before he began. “I know that it is hard for you...seeing her with me. And I know that this is a lot for me to ask but it would mean everything to Annie if you were there for her…when…”
“You get married?” Jory finished his sentence and with someone else saying the words out loud it sounded ridiculous that he was even missing it. The silence in the room added to the tension.
“Jory…I must confess something to you.” His words made Jory pay closer attention and forget some of his unease. “Looking at it from where you stand makes me realise how brave you are.” Baden could feel Jory’s surprise. “I can feel how deeply you care for her and how much it breaks you not to have her. For you to continue on as you are surprises me daily. But what astounds me even further is that you are standing back and letting her move on.”
“I cannot say it is without effort,” Jory admitted. “There have been a few failed attempts.”
“I know…but still.” Baden took a moment to gather his thoughts. “As you know, the story goes that my brother has affections for Annie and he has done everything in his power to take her from me and so it continues. But after she told you to stay away you stepped back and have not tried to impose yourself on her as others have. In many ways you are a better man than I.”
Jory sat there dumbfound by Baden’s words.
“Furthermore, I must tell you this…” Baden paused as he looked at Jory. “You are someone I respect. You have taken care of Annie selflessly and even though she retracted the sentiment after admitting to loving you, it does not change your affection for her. If I could walk away from her, to give her a life she deserves, I would because she deserves so much better than me.” Baden’s voice caught on the last words. “And to be honest I believe you would be closer to the kind of life she should be living. But I have tried to take myself out of her life and, if the past is any indication, all it seems to do is pain her and spur her on to come back to me. Even to the point where she would put her own life in danger to find me.”
“That is an understatement,” Jory agreed with a small, sad laugh.
“This may already be obvious to you but she does not love me because I am the better man or worthy of her love. I do not know who it is she found in me but I count myself privileged every day for it. I am just the lucky one who she fell in love with.” Baden wore his heart on his sleeve in order to say this and it made him uncomfortable. “I hope one day you will have someone you care for just as much…other than her.”
Jory sat there stunned at Baden’s kind words and even more so when Baden extended his hand for him to shake. He managed to compose himself enough to not be rude and he shook Baden’s hand. When they were done Baden stood, hands in pockets as they usually were.
“I hope you have a safe trip to the institution,” Baden said before he walked out.
Baden specifically didn’t want Annie to be there and hear what he had to say only because he didn’t want to tell Jory those words just to have Annie come up and congratulate him for it. For reasons he couldn’t fathom Annie already saw goodness in him. He wanted to talk to Jory with him knowing that he wasn’t doing it for show but because he truly meant it, which he did.
What neither Baden nor Jory realised was that Annie had just caught the beginning part of Baden’s admission so she had stopped Adam instantly. She stood there listening from a distance, undetected by them. As long as they didn’t make any sudden movements Baden would be too distracted to notice. Adam couldn’t hear the conversation because they were just too far away for him to hear but she made him remain silent so Baden wouldn’t know they were within hearing distance.
When Baden had finished Annie stood there, completely lost by Baden’s actions. After she gathered herself together, and convinced Adam that she was fine, she smiled to herself because she knew that Baden had goodness in him, he just had to accept that he did.
“Why are you smiling?” Adam asked as they began to run again.
“Nothing really,” she said, allowing Baden to think he had kept his conversation private. “Now let us see how fast you can run, boy!” Annie announced playfully as she started to run in earnest.
When Annie and Adam came back he went off to console himself after losing the race…multiple times and she went to find Baden. He was laying on the bed in the dark, caressed by the blue moonlight. He turned to look at Annie as she stood in the doorway.
“Missed you,” he said quietly from his place. She walked over and slid onto the bed next to him. He slipped his arms around her and took in her smell when she was close.
“I missed you so much,” she whispered. “More than you know.”
He looked down at her because he could feel the intensity in her words. His furrowed brow smoothed out soon enough as he just accepted that she loved him, however much he couldn’t understand it. Closing his eyes he rested his face on her hair and let out a contented breath. He gave her a soft kiss and she returned the gift by kissing his neck.
They lay there for an uncounted amount of time because when you love someone every moment is endless and runs together like water. This rare little moment of peace they had together was so much sweeter because they valued it, as it should be. Their love radiating into each other as their souls were bound together in ways that no one could explain, not even the one that had bound them together.
And Baden’s embittered soul was being mended through the goodness of Annie’s and the only reason why that could occur was because Baden essentially had a good soul, even if he didn’t know it yet.

CHAPTER 17:

Jory had left for the institution already, during their goodbyes everyone wished him well and promised to visit as soon, and as much, as possible. No one dared say they would visit after the wedding, opting not to use the word around him. They didn’t want to rub salt into the wound. Everyone knew why he was leaving, and he knew everyone knew, but no one said anything. A group goodbye was for the best, otherwise he might try to steal Annie’s affection away as he had in the past.
As for Annie, she didn’t miss him like she thought she would. Still, she stood there for a little while after he had left. Just watching the road he had went down, wondering what his life would bring and hoping the best for him. She knew it wasn’t goodbye forever but there was something final about it. Maybe the end of what they once had? All in all, she took his leaving quite well and soon enough life felt normal again.
One lovely, still afternoon Annie and Baden were wandering out in the woods because today they were going to secretly practice her gift. With her hair pulled back in a braid, she was dressed in her tan tights, shirt and vest which distracted Baden to no end. He wore his own pair of black leather tights, ones that Annie had Antoinette arrange, and a fitted shirt that contoured to his muscular body nicely. She thought form fitting attire might work best, to keep them agile for whatever circumstance might arise. He didn’t really like wearing snug clothing but he did it for her, he would do almost anything she asked of him. Annie found him rather enticing in his new gear. Looking at him made her want to squeeze his tight backside, so much so that she had to physically restrain herself sometimes. She thought it best not to sidetrack their efforts today. Both of them sported sturdy knee-high lace up boots and if anyone saw them they would probably think they were a pair of bandits.
As they meandered through the forest they searched for an animal in need, a small one so they wouldn’t take on anything they couldn’t handle. As time wore on she was rather glad that she had tied her hair back because the afternoon sun was quite warm as it splayed through the trees.
“Race you to that tree?” Annie would call out every now and then. She would try and catch Baden off guard for a head start but it never mattered because he was too fast and would always beat her to it.
“You could at least let me win one!” She would sulk.
“But you would know that you did not truly win,” he reasoned through a laugh.
He loved it when she pouted her bottom lip. Of course then he would wrap his arms around her when she sulked and it would bring her back into good spirits.
It had been a fruitless day amongst the trees, fruitless only because they didn’t find anything to heal not because they didn’t have a lovely day together. In fact, they had a special day together because Annie wasn’t in harm’s way for once and they were uninterrupted. Just the two of them together.
“Should we go back to the manor?” Annie asked as she used the trunk of a thin tree to leisurely spin herself around with one hand.
As she said the words a light rain started to fall. They looked up to see dark clouds were starting to make their way over the quiet forest. Suddenly it started to pour down and they were quickly drenched right through. They had smelled the rain coming but hadn’t really taken much notice of it until now.
“I think so,” he agreed, looking over at her through the rain.
They started laughing and as she moved over towards him she kicked water up off the ground. It flicked onto his clothes, which didn’t make a difference because he was already soaked but he took the bait.
“Really?” He said as he held out his arms at his side to challenge her.
Annie stood there smiling mischievously and was about to make a run for it when suddenly she was hit with something so painful it was as if she had been brutally injured. She fell to her knees and started to gasp for breath, as if air was important to her. Baden ran over to her, kneeling down and holding her.
“Annie,” he yelled. “What is it?” He could feel the pain coursing through her and he tried to bear it for her but it was hurting her much more than it was him.
She was in so much pain that she couldn’t help but scream. Baden looked her over trying to see what was wrong but there was nothing, everything was perfectly fine. She grabbed at her chest as if the problem was in there and started coughing, almost choking.
Baden took a moment to try and sense what was near. It was more difficult through the rain but he could still sense quite a long distance. And very far, way off in the distance he could sense someone was there, a man. He had been hurt.
“Annie, someone is injured…I think they are dying,” he said.
He was worried because it was hurting her, like it was actually happening to her but what was equally frightening was that he knew she would want to try and heal whoever it was. How could she heal something bigger than an animal? Would it kill her? He started helping her off the ground and he found he had to hold all of her weight, which wasn’t difficult but it troubled him even more.
“I should take you home,” he suggested. He assumed that if he took her further away from the dying man then her pain would begin to fade.
“What? No,” she refused. She tried to pull away from him but she was too weak.
“Annie, we cannot heal whoever it is. What if it kills you?” Baden didn’t want to take any chances.
“Aliyah said with you connected to me I would have enough strength,” Annie reasoned. “Please,” she screamed as the pain worsened.
Baden didn’t know what to do. He was conflicted between wanting Annie to be better by taking her to safety and this person…this stranger who lay dying miles away. He looked repeatedly between the direction of the manor and the helpless man as he held Annie who leaned into him for support. The rain was still pouring and everything felt so urgent.
“Damn,” he cursed under his breath.
He was trusting the words of Aliyah here, which he didn’t like doing. So with a worried heart he picked Annie up into his strong arms and headed towards the man. The closer they got to him the more pain it caused Annie. How was she meant to heal in this state?
As they ran the man eventually came into view. The rain, along with the relief that it would soon be over, distracted Baden and he missed one crucial detail.
As they were running something collided with them so hard that it caused Baden and Annie to fall down, sprawling them across the wet, slippery ground. Baden looked up to see Annie laying lifelessly on the ground a few feet away from the dying man, the man that Baden could now sense was a tracker.
Baden didn’t have time to take in any more detail because someone was running towards Annie, a snatcher and a strong one at that. Just as the snatcher reached her Baden tackled him to the ground. They skidded along the muddy surface, neither gaining the advantage because of the elements. They ended up a foot away from each other, both jumping to their feet quickly. As Baden measured him up he felt that he wasn’t alone, two other snatchers came out from behind the surrounding trees.
“A nice even match,” Baden said and he actually meant it. It was probably more of an overstatement because usually he would be able to easily defeat them all on his worst day, and he would have the advantage for simply being who he is. But today wasn’t like most days.
As they all came at him he held them at bay easily, one he disposed of immediately with a quick snap of the neck. The dead snatcher fell to the ground in a soaking pile of rotting flesh, he had been relatively new by the looks of it.
As Baden was fighting, Annie managed to come back to consciousness but it was painful for her to do so. She looked over through the rain to the young tracker lying on the ground. He had short golden hair that was stuck slick to his head because of the rain. He looked pale but she wasn’t sure if that was because he was dying or it was his natural colour. His body looked strong but only on the cusp of developing. He couldn’t be older than seventeen, what was he doing out here alone?
Annie managed to roll over onto her side and start to pull herself along the ground towards the young man. It was a struggle in her weakened state. It seemed that the size of the life force, and how close she was to it, determined how affected she was by it. She made it to the tracker and collapsed back down beside him. From what she could see he had been stabbed through the chest but the dagger had been removed. He was bleeding badly and he was barely alive. She sat up as best she could and placed her hand over the young man’s heart.
She looked over and saw Baden fighting with two snatchers. Was he close enough that she could use his energy? As the tracker lay dying she didn’t really have a choice. She guessed that this was what Aliyah meant; Annie wouldn’t be able to help herself, she would need to heal regardless of her own life. She wasn’t even sure if she knew how.
As Baden fought he would glance over when he could to check on Annie. When he saw that she was about to attempt to heal the dying tracker he panicked. Was he close enough for her to use his strength? Thinking quickly he maneuvered the fight so they veered closer to Annie. He knew the moment she was drawing on him because his legs became weak and suddenly he fell to his knees. The snatchers he was fighting didn’t think twice, one smashed their fist into his face causing Baden’s head to lash back violently. He managed to block the next punch coming his way but he was severely depleted. For Annie to heal a practically dead tracker would take an enormous amount of strength, strength that she just didn’t have.
Baden was about to truly live up to his title as the greatest snatcher to exist. Realising that his strength was being taken from him he had to focus on the part of him that was replenishing his strength rapidly. It was like a bucket that had a hole in it, though the content was leaking the bucket was being filled so quickly that it would even it out and never be empty. The larger the soul to heal the larger the hole, so to speak, therefore needing a more intense torrent of strength to refill him.
The way Baden’s body was evening out his strength made him disoriented and dizzy at first. He would try to punch one of the snatchers only to find the direction he punched was the opposite of where they were standing. The two snatchers looked at each other as if Baden was suddenly deranged.
One grabbed him from behind and held his arms and the other gave a few punches to his stomach. After the snatcher was tired of needlessly beating Baden, he pulled out the same tracker’s dagger that he had used to stab the young tracker with. A sinister look of satisfaction came over the snatcher’s face as he stabbed the weapon through Baden’s chest, leaving the weapon in his body.
They disrespectfully let Baden drop down to the ground and without a whimper he fell as they started walking away. With disturbing thoughts in mind they headed over towards Annie.
They froze when they heard Baden stand up. They turned and saw him pull the dagger from his own chest, blood flowing quickly down his shirt as it was being watered down by the rain. They looked on with confusion, not realising who Baden actually was. He was just taking a while to get used to this new system he had with Annie.
“I think you forgot something,” Baden growled.
With a furious movement of his arm he threw the dagger. One moment it was in his hand and the next it was jutting out of the chest of one of the snatchers. The only snatcher left looked at his dead friend lying on the ground then back at Baden. Summing up his chances he started to run but Baden wasn’t finished with him yet.
Baden caught up to him, ensuring that he stayed close to Annie, and pulled the snatcher back by his hair. He threw him along the ground and stalked after him as his prey slid along the mud. When he came to a stop Baden bent down and snapped his neck. He needed to be quick so he could get back to Annie. The snatcher he just killed turned to nothing but dust, which meant he was quite aged but nothing Baden couldn’t handle.
With the dangers disposed of Baden rushed to Annie. He found her hunched over the young man’s chest. He sat down and pulled her close against him, she was pale and looked almost lifeless.
“Annie…” he called to her and paused, waiting for her to answer. “Annie…?” He called again.
He shook her a little but she didn’t respond. He looked at the young man who had died and he looked at Annie. With a fear that etched itself into his hollow bones he now realised that if Annie didn’t manage to heal the victim then she would also die. He looked at Annie in disbelief.
Annie was dead.
“No,” he whispered. He didn’t believe it, he couldn’t.
Then he said it again a little louder...then again until he eventually was screaming out in pain as the rain ran down his face, washing away his tears. He laid Annie down gently on the ground. He refused to believe she was gone. He placed his hand over her heart and held her limp hand against his.
“Come on!” He begged. “Work!” He yelled. He started to feel some of his own life begin to slip away as Annie’s disappeared further and further into nothing.
As the rain fell on the lonely scene, a wind that had picked up produced an interceding being.
“You are losing your life, Baden,” Aliyah shrieked.
He looked up to see Aliyah standing in the rain without getting wet. Not a drop touched her though it looked like it was falling on her.
“You never said this would happen,” Baden yelled. He started to feel tired and weak, like when he wasn’t a snatcher.
“If Annie chooses to heal then there are penalties if she does not succeed.” Aliyah’s voice was emotionless.
“Then she will never heal again!” Baden said as he held onto Annie as best he could but he struggled because he was losing himself.
“Through Annie’s death you lose your own, Baden. If you do not do something then you will die also,” Aliyah warned.
“I would rather die than live without her.” He had never felt so weak before. He could barely hear over the rain.
“Fool! You can save her!” Aliyah yelled now. “It is imperative that you concentrate!” Baden looked up at her, feeling more alive than before.
“How?” He almost begged.
“Think, Baden!” She almost sounded panicked. If it was left too long then there would be no turning back. “If you cannot draw life from each other, then what else is there?”
“Just tell me!” He yelled.
“You must find out yourself! Time is running out,” she cautioned.
If Baden didn’t act immediately both he and Annie were going to die.

CHAPTER 18:

Baden laid his head on Annie’s chest and tried not to think about the feeling of hollowness that was seeping into him. He had to think, he had to do this for her. He tried to think outside of himself, away from the draining feeling inside of him. The feeling that Annie was pulling him to where she was falling into.
As his hazy thoughts drifted to Annie and the image of her alive a wind picked up and started blowing the rain so it slanted as it fell. Within a close proximity to where they were, the green leaves hanging on the trees started rapidly turning yellow and falling off the trees around them. The bark started tumbling off the trunks, shedding until they were down to their last layer. Then the tree sap dried up and the trees withered and died. They crashed to the ground loudly then fall apart, decomposing back into the earth where they came from at a startling rate. The rain started to become lighter until it wasn’t falling and all the dark clouds drifted away to let the sunshine past.
Baden felt…awake…like he could think clearly again. He looked around the forest at the death and decay and looked down at Annie. Though nothing seemed to have changed she looked different. He looked up at Aliyah in question.
“What did you do?” He asked.
“That is a question I cannot answer,” she stated emotionlessly.
“Why did this happen?” Baden started to feel less hollow, like he was being filled up again. “Annie had my strength to draw on, why did this happen?”
“Sometimes lives are too far departed to heal and they still die, which means if Annie starts the healing process without succeeding she will also die,” Aliyah answered.
“Why did you not tell us that before we started this?” Baden thought he felt Annie’s body move. He looked down but she remained still.
“You were meant to build up to healing souls as heavy as a tracker’s souls,” Aliyah scolded. “Practice makes perfect though. In the future it will not be so draining. Another word of advice, be more careful of the souls you choose to heal. You only need to practice for the time being and you are recommended not to heal everything you come across. You are permitted to practice discretion on which beings you choose to save, for death must come eventually to all and can only be prolonged for some.”
“There will not be a next time,” Baden yelled at her.
“There will because Annie will allow it and you will have to assist,” Aliyah yelled back. “We were aware of the consequences if she were to fail in healing and a reserve was devised incase that happened, which would be you.” She was back to her calm tone.
Baden was about to say something when the wind picked up. Suddenly Annie gasped in breath at the exact time the young tracker did and Aliyah was gone, disappearing on the breeze.
Baden looked down at Annie and it felt like his heart started to beat once again. He pulled Annie closer and she let him hold her. She looked down at her body to make sure she was where she was meant to be. Her memory of the past few minutes was fading quickly, like a picture drawn on wet sand; one moment it was there the next, the water washed it away.
The young tracker sat up, clutching his chest. He looked down as he gasped in air, life. He looked over to see Baden and Annie huddled together and overwhelmed. He scurried back until he realised that they weren’t going to hurt him. He watched as Baden held Annie lovingly, relief almost radiating off him.
Annie finally remembered the young boy and she turned to see his frightened face. Carefully and slowly she moved away from Baden, taking a moment to gain her footing. Baden stood but remained where he was so as not to frighten the young man and to give Annie space to recover.
“Who are you?” Annie asked as she moved closer. You wouldn’t think she had just died and come back to life. She didn’t really have time to think about herself because she could feel the fear coming off the poor boy.
The young man looked between her and Baden and his brown eyes were so innocent it broke her heart. His lovely eyes and already strong face made him look like a pleasant, compliant person. His blonde hair made him look young and approachable.
“Abraham Symonds,” he answered softly. “But most people call me Abe”.
Abe was still clutching his chest in shock. He was dressed in a simple white shirt and dark trousers, which were now covered in dirt and his own blood.
“I know you,” he admitted looking at Baden.
“Me?” Baden put his hand to his chest in confusion. Abe nodded his head.
“You are Badenoch Brighton, Eli told us about you,” Abe confessed. Baden rolled his eyes.
“Eli still cannot grasp the use of the name, Baden,” Baden grumbled under his breath. Annie looked at him as if to say, is that really something to be thinking of right now?
“Are you going to kill me?” Abe’s face was such a brave little face that she wanted to cry.
“Why would we do that?” Annie asked as she sat down near the boy.
“They say that Badenoch is dangerous…” Abe began to explain before being interrupted.
“Just Baden,” he corrected. Abe looked at him warily and Annie shot Baden a scolding look.
“That Baden is dangerous and that we have to help Annie,” Abe finished. Annie looked around to Baden who looked as confused as he did.
Eli had obviously taken the liberty of showing every tracker Baden’s portrait, however outdated it was.
“Is that why you were so far out here?” Annie asked gently. Never mind the fact she had died, she was more concerned about this young man and why he had been all alone in such isolated woodland.
“We are not meant to come this far into the forest alone,” Abe admitted. “But I just wanted to see…” He looked over to Baden. “To see Baden in real life. I was only going to sneak up and look I swear it!” He sounded desperate for them to believe him.
“We trust you,” she assured him. They could see he was being honest. “But why on earth are you wielding a dagger? You are so young Abe. How old are you?” Her comforting, motherly tones helped to break through his reservations and though they were relatively close in age Annie was far more mature than this young man.
“Fifteen,” he answered quietly.
Annie’s heart dropped to her stomach when he said the word. It took an effort for her not to show her disapproval, she needed to know more.
“Are the trackers training you?” She asked. He simply nodded.
Baden walked over and pulled the dagger out of the preserved snatcher, once it was removed the body turned into a rotting corpse.
Baden walked over to Abe, who was frightened out of his mind. He held the dagger out, handle towards the young tracker, for him to take. It was a bit grubby but it would have to do. When Abe realised he wasn’t going to use it to kill him, like the others had, he breathed a sigh of relief and took the dagger by the handle.
“You be more careful in the future,” Baden warned the young man.
Abe nodded earnestly, taking Baden’s outstretched hand to use to jump up off the ground. He was a little wobbly at first but he got the hang of his legs soon enough. Abe looked around Baden to the corpse he took the dagger from.
“Why did he not do that until after you removed the dagger?” Abe asked curiously. Baden looked around to the dead snatcher then back to the young man in confusion.
“The trackers have not told you that?” Baden wondered. Abe just shook his head. “When you dagger a snatcher they do not start to decompose until you remove the dagger.”
“Are they dead before you remove it?” Abe seemed rather interested in it all.
“Yes, Abe they are dead. They have not reached the full step of death and could remain in a preserved state with a dagger in their heart but there is no way for them to come back from that.” Baden couldn’t believe that the trackers were training them so young and so poorly.
Suddenly Abe seemed to snap out of his distraction.
“What did you do to me?” He asked them as he looked down at his once daggered chest. Annie and Baden looked at each other inconspicuously.
“We are quite unsure ourselves,” Baden answered truthfully. “We will walk you to the other side of the forest so you do not get into any more trouble,” he suggested distracting Abe from asking any more questions.
So, Annie and Baden walked the young man back to safety as they promised. And for three people who had almost just died they were quite a cheerful bunch. But Annie and Baden were good at dealing with weird, intense situations and unfortunately it seemed that this was going to be their life now.
“Abe,” Annie addressed him when they were about to part ways.
He stopped walking and looked up at her with a ready smile. He had fast become friends with these two and, though the circumstances weren’t entirely desirable, he was actually glad he had met them.
“It is probably for the best that you do not tell the trackers what happened here today,” she hinted none too subtly.
He simply nodded his understanding and she could feel the honesty in his answer. His genuineness helped to bring an earnest smile to her face.
“So go home and get cleaned up and go back as if none of this happened,” Baden added. Abe began to run off but he stopped brusquely, turning back to face them.
“Miss…I did not get your name,” he called out to her. But the next time he blinked they were gone.
When the pair were far enough away not to be seen they slowed down to a calm pace.
“You have no idea what just happened,” Baden said in breathless astonishment as they walked back through the forest.
He couldn’t help but hold her close in their unusually slow pace. They needed some time to let it all sink in.
“I gathered that I died but the question is why and how did I come back?” She wondered.
“I think Aliyah helped in some way,” he said trying to recall everything that happened.
“Yes… that makes sense,” Annie mused. “Wherever I ended up it was all black but I could still see her there. Then suddenly she disappeared after she saw me. It is as if she looked panicked.”
Baden went on to explain everything that had transpired during Annie’s absence. When he was done he stopped them from walking and pulled her to him, holding onto her as if she was his life line.
“I would ask you to never heal again but I think I know you too well to know not to.” Annie laughed as his words. “But can you promise me that we will be much more careful in the future with who we choose to help?”
“Well, I can give you that much,” she joked. He pulled his head back suspiciously to get a better look at her.
“Annie…” he waited until he had her full attention. “You need to know that you cannot save everybody.” She looked away for she had been caught out. “Annie,” he said sternly.
“I understand that now and it will be you and I who will decide together whether we heal someone or something,” she conceded.
“Let us make a deal that you will never even attempt to heal anything without me near, not even if it is incredibly tiny!” Baden bargained. She nodded her agreement and he could feel she was accepting his terms. “I am not trying to control you…it is just…I felt how much of my strength it was taking. I…” he paused to catch his emotions. “I just made you durable so please do not go breaking yourself.”
Annie couldn’t help but laugh at his sweetness and it filled him with happiness to hear the sound once again.
“I give in to all of your terms!” She said dramatically.
He laughed a little at her cute way but soon fell quiet. He was silent for a long moment before he spoke again.
“Annie, when I thought you were…”
“Baden, do not do this to yourself,” she interrupted. “I am alive and we are all well…enough. Can we just put today behind us and be grateful that we made it?” Baden decided to let the matter drop but it was hard to push the pain away from the memory of losing her. “Now let us go and pretend that our lives are completely normal and we did not just almost meet our demise!” Annie declared wholeheartedly.
She grabbed Baden’s hand with fervor and marched them toward the manor. With another silent prayer of thanks that the love of his life was still alive, he followed her willingly, as he always would. Even to the grave.

CHAPTER 19:

One afternoon Eli and two other trackers were in his library organising their plan. Eli sat behind his desk, dressed immaculately, reading the papers he had been given. The two other trackers sat silently on the other side waiting for him to finish reading the information.
Eli had worked his way up, helping to plan many successful snatcher eliminations and it was voted that he would be the head of the secret society of trackers. As soon as he was elected he began planning something that he had been thinking on for quite some time now.
“And we are sure there are humans there?” Eli asked the two trackers. He had to hide his delighted smile.
“Yes,” one of them responded. “Mr. Nathaniel Eddon. He was taken there not long ago in a rather…lifeless state.” Eli paused from his reading and looked up at the men.
“Lifeless?” Eli probed.
“Yes,” the other tracker said. “He was not dead but he was not alive either.”
Eli still wasn’t sure what state Nathaniel was in from the tracker’s description, though neither were the others, but that wasn’t what was concerning him at the moment. All he needed to know was that the man wasn’t dead, which apparently he wasn’t. Eli neatly gathered the sheets of information he had been reading together and laid them on the desk.
“And Annie?” Eli asked. The two trackers looked at each other before they spoke.
“We have not seen her since you assisted with her escape.” There was a silence in the room that made them feel uncomfortable.
“Gather the necessary men,” Eli instructed. “The plan will be executed in a week’s time.”
The trackers saw that they were dismissed with a small nod from Eli so they stood and left. Eli sat staring out the window for a moment, watching the wind dance amongst the trees against the dusk sky. Through lack of attention he completely missed hearing another person approach. When a soft knock sounded at the door he jumped a little from the surprise of it.
“Come in,” he called out. He turned to see one of his youngest trackers enter. “Abe,” he greeted affectionately. They had begun a mentorship of sorts, it was new but blossoming.
Mentorships were a new system Eli had brought in once he had become head of the trackers. He felt it would bring out more loyalty and trust amongst all of them, which he found to be essential attributes to ensure orders were followed.
“Sir,” Abe replied dutifully. He had a quick smile for Eli, someone he looked up to and held in high esteem.
He was dressed in a unique suit. It was quite humble looking so as not to stand out in a crowd but was one of many designs of suits that were made specifically for trackers. It looked like the average suit but it was less cumbersome which meant they could be more agile if an unexpected altercation were to occur. It had fewer pieces that could be torn or grabbed at, one example of this was the vest. It looked like it would on any other suit but it was actually sewn to the shirt. It gave the illusion of regularity but could not be used in an attack to grab or pull at. All shirts were fitted with a secret pocket to hide their daggers but keep them easily accessible if needed. The material used to make the suit was lighter and the tailored design kept the suits from being baggy and burdensome. The jackets were sturdy enough for everyday use but were made to tear apart if there was a significant amount of strength when pulled, such as that from the grip of a snatcher, so as not to be used to detain them in a fight. Yet the suit itself was as sophisticated as it needed to be without being remarkable.
At the moment only some had this newly designed suit to test and Abe didn’t often wear it. He was only given it as a special gift from his mentor, he wasn’t expected to use it just yet though he could have given it a good test run during his clash in the woods. He usually only made sure he had it on whenever he was going to be seeing Eli but apparently the attire was to become standard issue and compulsory in the future. Abe didn’t care too much for the suit but he would do as he was told when the time came.
A few days had passed since his run in with the snatchers and Baden. He had healed well and there were almost no mark on him from the attack.
“Take a seat,” Eli offered. He waited until the young man was seated before he spoke. “What can I help you with today?”
Abe had always been welcomed by Eli and Abe usually told him everything but now he hesitated. The woman and Baden had asked him to keep what happened to himself and he had done so for the past few days but the guilt was eating away at him.
“There is something I need to tell you,” Abe said quietly. Eli’s brow furrowed when he saw the strained look on his face.
“You can tell me anything,” Eli assured.
“Well…” Abe hesitated. Before he spoke again he decided to edit the story a little. “I was in the forest by myself and I know I was not meant to be…” he rushed in to say before Eli could speak. “But when I was there I was attacked by three snatchers.”
“What?” Eli asked. He wasn’t sure if he had heard correctly. “Three?” Abe nodded. “And you are alive?” Eli was amazed, almost proud of the young man’s feat.
“Well…” Abe smiled awkwardly and fiddled with his fingers before he continued. “That is the thing. I had some…help.” Eli waited for Abe to explain but when he didn’t he decided to speak.
“From…?” He encouraged. Abe swallowed hard before he told him.
“Baden.” Abe’s voice was barely audible but Eli still heard him. His face turned pale and Abe was actually concerned for him. “Sir, what is the matter?” He stood in urgency.
“You met Baden?” Eli asked shaking his head.
Abe was too tense to sit back down and began to wander around the room to quell his anxiety. Everyone knew how much Eli hated his brother and Abe almost felt like he had betrayed Eli.
“It is not that I met him. I was actually losing quite badly to the other three snatchers and it was looking rather bleak for me until Baden came out of nowhere and stepped in to help me,” Abe rambled on quickly to try and explain himself. He again fiddled with his hands out of nerves.
“And what happened after he helped you with the snatchers?” Eli asked, standing from his seat and walking over to the window. He stood looking out over the grounds he kept so perfectly manicured, as the sun left the last trail of light in its wake.
“He walked me to the edge of the forest to ensure I stayed safe. Then we parted ways,” Abe answered. Eli stood there looking out the window, motionless.
“Was he alone?” Eli sounded unemotional and distant. Abe had never seen him like that before and it concerned him.
“There was someone else with him…a woman,” Abe said. “She was rather beautiful,” he commented shyly.
Eli turned to him curiously with speculative eyes. Suddenly he started laughing and shaking his head.
“What you would have seen was Baden’s attempt to prove to Annie that he has changed but it was all a lie,” Eli reasoned. “If he had Annie with him then it would have been an act.”
“I do not think it was Annie,” Abe interrupted. Every tracker had heard the story of Eli, Annie and Baden. For that matter, every snatcher had heard the story too.
“How do you know?” Eli didn’t have a portrait of Annie so there were very few trackers who knew what she actually looked like. Eli also preferred it that way because it kept her safe from prying eyes.
Though Eli would never admit it, he was doing everything he did for Annie, to try and get her back. No one else seemed to matter to him, as long as he got the result he wanted which was to have Annie.
“Well, Sir…” Abe paused before he answered. “I did not catch the woman’s name but she was not human…she was a snatcher.”
Eli lost his breath for a moment before his mind started racing faster than he could keep up with. He didn’t seem to know what to do with himself and Abe wasn’t sure but his friend almost seemed pleased.
“Is there something good about this?” Abe enquired.
“Do you not see?” Eli asked. “He had someone other than Annie with him! They must not be a couple any longer.” Eli moved back to his desk, grabbing a piece of paper and quill as he sat down, and began writing a letter. Abe was far too concerned to take his seat.
“I am not sure if that is what it means…” Abe argued cautiously as he watched Eli’s excitement.
“What else can it mean?” Eli was looking past the blaringly obvious and his conclusion was bordering delusional. Maybe it was because he didn’t want to accept the truth?
“But if he is not with Annie then where is she?” Abe interjected the thought. Eli paused and looked up at him with concern on his face.
“You are right!” He almost shouted. “I will need to search for her immediately.”
“But then if it was not Annie with him then his actions that helped me may have been sincere.” Abe wasn’t seeing Eli’s rationale.
Eli thought for a moment about what the young tracker was suggesting.
“Whoever it was it does not matter. I know what Baden is and that is a monster,” Eli said as he folded the letter he had written and sealed it closed. “Take this to the boys over at the Weston estate. You are not to go with them on the next trip. Once it is delivered come back here and settle in, you will be staying with me for a period of time and I will begin to personally train you.” Abe didn’t know it but Eli was protecting him from the tracker’s next course of action.
Abe took the letter hesitantly and with that Eli started to walk out of the room as soon as his hands were free of letter. In Eli’s mind his plan was coming together better than he had expected.
“Where are you going?” Abe asked as he stood there stunned.
“I am going to look for Annie,” Eli declared before walking out of the room. He looked livelier than he had in months.
Abe was left there alone staring at the letter in his hand, trying to take in what just happened. He had always admired Eli but something inside told him that Baden had genuinely helped him. And what if that other snatcher was Annie? She had also helped him. And apparently everything they were doing was to save an innocent Annie but if she was now changed would the trackers still want to help her or would they want to kill her?
For the first time Abe was starting to see that maybe everything he was told may not have been as true as once believed, no matter how much the trackers believed it. He had always been told that snatchers were bad and trackers were good but he had been shown kindness by their so called ‘enemies’. Still, Abe being the obedient boy that he was, he went to deliver the letter he was given. The letter that would start something that would inevitably change all of their lives.

A few weeks passed since the letter was delivered. The trackers stood hidden in the forest at dusk, waiting for night to come. There were hundreds of them broken up into contingents, dressed in black and armed with their daggers. This was an attack that Eli had been planning for months. They were slightly outnumbered but that didn’t stop Eli from proceeding with the plan.
“Why is Eli not with us?” One tracker whispered to another.
“He is off on another assignment,” he told his friend. With a roll of their eyes they started to quietly form into their lines. No one knew what the assignment was, they were all just told their own leader wouldn’t be there for, what may be considered the biggest event in the tracker history so far.
What they were about to do would be told for generations to come.
Very quietly they were directed with hand signals by the two lead trackers commanding their group, which every contingent had, and dispersed themselves through the trees. Everything was done quieter than quiet because their target was close.
Their shooters were hidden with their bows high amongst the trees balancing on the thick branches to have the best vantage point. Their height would mean their arrows would travel longer and kept them above the havoc that was about to ensue. They each had an arrow man called a ‘lighter’, who would light the arrows and hand it to the archers. When the archers ran out of lit arrows they would only have ‘blind’ arrows (which is what they called unlit arrows) slung on their back, whilst the lighters had to go to battle with their daggers. After the archers ran out of the blind arrows, which would only slow the snatchers down slightly, they were directed to start collecting the casualties. They each had daggers but they were to only use them if necessary, they were not to purposely involve themselves in the attack other than their shooting.
The trackers were well organised and had scoped out their target thoroughly. They covered every possible outcome and though they knew that some would die, each of them found the cause worthy. That is, the cause they were told it was for which was to eliminate threats. There were some skeptical of the true reason but still they did as they were told.
Eli had developed the tracker species into a well-structured, military organisation. He had gathered as many of the trackers from surrounding regions and countries for this huge operation. Right after this attack they would need to disperse back to their regions and countries as quickly as possible because whilst they waged this attack most part of the world was left undefended. It was vital that this attack was efficient and effective.
The trackers all stood there perfectly still, waiting for the signal. The sun winked its last and an hour into evening the signal was given. The army moved quietly and succinctly towards their target. When they were in position the archers aimed perfectly, waiting for the signal. Ahead of them one tracker snuck up towards the gate and everyone could see their target clearly, the institution filled with snatchers. The lone tracker lit the explosive he planted at the gate and made a run for it. On his retreat he was detected and the alarms were raised within the institution but it was too late. The explosion lit up the night whilst obliterating the large gate.
The archers shot their first round of fiery arrows as the first wave of snatchers made their way out. Random snatchers were pierced through, there were some who extinguished the flames in time and others who weren’t quite so lucky.
The trackers were told to hold back as another round of fiery arrows flew through the sky, striking more victims. But they couldn’t hold the trackers back any longer because the plan was to keep the snatchers trapped within the confines of the walls.
With an almighty cry the trackers ran towards their enemies. Some of the archers who were further back had to abandon their bows as it was too risky now to pick their targets from the great distance. So the lighters dropped from the trees and joined the others whilst the archers waited to collect their wounded.
The snatchers chose their targets and attacked with all of their ferocity as they trackers wielded their daggers. Battles erupted through the grounds as Amaury came out to organise his academy. All the windows and the doors were being barricaded up with the prepared, impenetrable metals. They had a plan for just such an attack. The weaker snatchers were locked inside as the strongest ones were let out to fight. Among the strongest who ran into the battle was Jory.
As soon as he was out in the courtyard he was attacked immediately. He quickly spun out of the way of the dagger thrust at him and grabbed the tracker who held it. He was conflicted because he was meant to be on the other side, he was once one of them. But seeing the mayhem he had to do what he needed to do to survive. So after killing the tracker who attacked him he went on to the next who came after him.
No one bothered to go after Amaury because they already were told that he could not be killed, by any of them anyway. Wave after wave of trackers came, the injured would leave when they could but others were dying alongside their enemies.
Acacia was among those fighting and she did so skillfully, killing many as she fought. The onset of the attack had been so sudden she didn’t have time to change and she had to run out wearing her bulky dress. She still fought well but her attire was definitely hindering her ability. The trackers started ganging up on her, surrounding her as they saw her as one of the weaker ones. Some she killed but there were too many for her to get away alive. One grabbed her hair and pulled her back, dragging her along the ground. They cruelly slashed her arms with the points of their daggers. One tracker thrust his dagger towards her chest, intent on killing her but as the tip touched her skin he was violently pulled away from her. The group of trackers partially scattered, some staying to fight the two whilst the others went for other targets.
Acacia looked up to see Jory had interceded. Quickly gathering herself she jumped up and made light work of the tracker that had grabbed her hair. Jory fought dexterously and soon trackers were avoiding him. Using this to his advantage he started pulling trackers away from other snatchers they were attacking, protecting everyone he could.
After countless needless deaths on both sides the trackers were called to retreat back through the gates. Amaury was about to give the orders to go after them but Jory ran up to him before he could.
“Do not squander more lives,” Jory pleaded.
After a moment’s hesitation Amaury surrendered to Jory’s wisdom and instructed everyone to start helping the injured and repairing the damage to the institution.
Jory ran over to help some of the snatchers with the last of the trackers. He pulled a tracker away from a floundering snatcher who gave him a grateful look. Jory started moving the tracker towards the gate when no one was looking, he found no use in killing a man on his retreat. He pushed him over the threshold of the destroyed gate and gave him a warning look that showed his disgust. Not disgust of what the tracker was but because of what they had done, the pointless killing of life.
Jory turned to walk away. As he did he heard someone coming up behind him. Thinking it was a snatcher that needed help he turned around calmly only to be surprised when he saw the tracker he had just spared coming after him.
But it was too late.
The dagger was pushed deep into his chest, breaking through his ribcage. He felt it pierce through his lung and into his heart as the bane rushed in his veins towards the wound. He fell to the ground clutching the dagger that protruded from his chest.
“Jory!” Acacia screamed from across the courtyard.
She had seen it coming but wasn’t fast enough. She ran over to the tracker, breaking his arms then legs as punishment to inflict pain and finally his neck, letting his dead body fall to the ground. Acacia fell beside Jory and grabbed his hand desperately as Amaury quickly moved towards them. She couldn’t help the tears that rushed from her eyes as she watched Jory fade away.
He lay there looking up into the cloudy, starless night sky and the last of his thoughts were of Annie before he closed his eyes. His one regret, that he didn’t have a chance to say goodbye.

CHAPTER 20:

Annie sat on the window seat in the parlor watching the rain trickle down the glass. The day was gray and miserable, with an unsettling wind blowing amongst the trees. Her dark, navy blue dress matched the sullenness of it. Baden was playing chess with Stewart and the others were scattered throughout the house doing various other things. Suddenly Annie went over to the fireplace and started throwing some wood into the hearth. Stewart and Baden looked at her in question.
“I thought a fire might cheer the place up,” she answered their unspoken question as she began to light it. As the firewood began to ignite Baden and Stewart glanced at each other before looking back to the board.
After a moment of quiet Annie and Baden froze. They looked at each other and they knew that the other could hear a snatcher running towards the manor. What it was didn’t concern them so much as who it was.
“What is it?” Stewart asked, seeing that something was going on.
“We are about to have a visitor,” Baden answered him without taking his eyes off Annie.
Before there was a knock on the door Annie and Baden were there. They opened it just as Amaury was swiftly approaching. He had already been invited into the manor on previous occasions and needed no permission. He ran in, sopping wet and panicking. Everyone had gathered in the hall to see what the ruckus was.
“Amaury?” Martha’s surprise was obvious.
“I just lit a fire in the parlor,” Annie interrupted. “Let us go there to get your clothes dry and we will talk.”
Everyone piled into the crowded parlor and just watched Amaury. There was something that was obviously troubling him and it made them all nervous. Some of the group had taken seats but most of them stood, waiting to hear the news.
“Well…?” Everard encouraged him to explain. Amaury remained silent and it was almost torture to wait.
“What has happened?” Adam pushed.
Amaury looked around at the faces watching him expectantly. He had never felt so tired in his life and it was moments like this that he wished he could actually die.
“Two nights past we were attacked by an army of trackers,” Amaury announced to the group. They all stared at him silently and waited for more.
“For goodness sake, man!” Stewart blurted out. “Tell us the damage.”
“Many lives on both sides were lost and we are unsure of what their next course of action will be,” Amaury explained. “The institution itself was not badly damaged but we have repaired what was.”
“Many lives?” Annie asked suddenly, stepping closer to him.
She looked at Martha and Everard but they didn’t even seem to be thinking of the one person being hurt that mattered to them most. When she remained quiet everyone looked at her, it seemed none of them were thinking of the only person on her mind. It seemed the magnitude of the attack had distracted everyone else but her from the thought of him.
“What of Jory?” She whispered.
Everyone sat there silently waiting for the answer. Baden could feel Annie’s anguish as she waited to hear the answer. Amaury looked around at them all and Annie could feel his despair.
“He was daggered,” Amaury said.
Annie’s mouth fell open and tears started falling without delay as the pain of his death barreled through her. Martha’s cries of agony ripped through the air as Everard was left aghast with the news of his brother’s death. Baden was at Annie’s side instantly but there was nothing that would take away the loss she felt.
“He is not dead!” Amaury amended quickly. Everyone froze in an instant waiting for him to clarify what on earth was going on. “I was going to say, he was daggered and is in quite a bit of pain but he is healing.”
After taking a moment they remembered that it was Taru’s bane that had been given to him through his mother so when he was completely turned it used her bane to do it. He must be immortal as she is…except for the difference given from Baden.
Baden was thankful that no one thought about the fact that Baden had been changed by Taru’s bane also but it had set him apart where it had not with Jory. He knew now that it had something to do with Aliyah but he couldn’t exactly explain that to the others.
The sighs of relief were audible throughout the room as they let the reprieve wash over them. Baden could feel Annie’s soul lighten when she heard the news and though it made him happy, it also hurt him. He felt selfish and tried to hide it but Annie picked up on something.
“I have come to ask you all for help,” Amaury continued. “Could you all please come to the institution so we can plan and discuss the options that lay ahead of us?” Everyone was nodding in unison except for Baden and Annie.
What were they meant to do about their secret task they were instructed to pursue and what of the wedding?
“We will all start to pack now,” Martha declared. Then she and Everard left before another word could be spoken. One by one they left until it was only Amaury, Annie and Baden left.
“I know you have pending nuptials to look forward to,” Amaury said guessing part of their hesitation. “And you do not have to come with us but if you were to join us for a short time it might be helpful to subdue an attack if we have the two strongest snatchers on our side…”
Baden and Annie looked at each other in silent deliberation.
“We will come for a short time,” Baden answered for them. He knew Annie would at least want to see that Jory was okay.
Annie and Baden went to their room and Annie closed the door. They knew only Stewart and Amaury might be able to hear parts of their conversation so they spoke quietly and carefully.
“Baden,” she said his name softly. He looked at her but decided to avoid talking about how he felt so he went to packing for them both. “Do not ignore me,” she warned as he pulled the travelling trunk out from under the bed.
“What am I meant to say?” He asked as he put the trunk on the end of the bed and began to pack.
“What Jory means to me hurts you.” She exposed his vulnerability.
He continued to ignore her and pack, he went back and forth to the draws so she stood in front of him and stole the clothes from his hands. She looked right into his face but he avoided looking at her so she pushed her face closer and closer until he physically couldn’t look anywhere else.
“I do - not - love him.” She deliberately broke up her words to emphasize her point.
“I did - not - say - you - loved - him,” he argued using the same tone she had.
“I would be just as upset if I thought any one of our other friends had died,” she said honestly. He could feel the truth in her words. He looked at her for a moment, brow furrowed. “What is so confusing?” She asked, trying to hide a smile.
“You,” he answered. Before the comment could hurt her he went on. “Here I am being foolishly, selfishly jealous because you care about someone who has been hurt and you are comforting me.” She laughed at his observation.
“And I believe that is what you call growth,” she proclaimed with a smile.
She was of course referring to the fact that he was feeling regret for his selfishness. She pulled him in closer by the shirt for a quick kiss then handed him back the clothes he had been packing.
“Here,” she said. “You finish packing.”
“What are you doing?” He asked as he took the clothes from her.
“I need to visit an old friend before we leave,” she answered vaguely. Her use of the word ‘friend’ was mocking. He stood there staring at her warily. “Trust me?” She asked innocently. He didn’t answer immediately.
“Be back soon,” is all he said. “I will be fretting every moment you are away.” The sentiment may have sounded sarcastic but he was being completely genuine. She blew him a kiss and was outside in a heartbeat.
The rain didn’t bother her at all as she ran, though it would have been a funny sight if anyone could see her; a young woman, randomly running through the rain in a lovely dress. It didn’t take her long to get where she was going though and no one had spotted her along the way. She discreetly waited outside the familiar manor to sense if anyone was there. When she only felt two trackers, one being Abe, she decided to go in. No one else was around within miles so she just walked right into Eli’s manor, not thinking about the consequences of her actions.
Annie found Eli in the library where he and Abe sat studying books. It seemed to her that Abe was Eli’s protégé. They looked up at her in surprise because neither of them had sensed her. Abe met her with a smile but Eli’s face was a mask of horror.
“Abe, that will be all for today,” Eli said, snapping his book closed. Abe’s grin was wiped from his face but he did as he was told. As he passed Annie on the way out he gave her a secret smile and she returned it with an affectionate wink.
“I hear you have had your hands full,” Annie commented. Her tone was filled with disgust. “Tell me, did young Abe join the crusade into the institution?” Eli had walked over to his desk and was sitting down as she approached.
She was sopping wet but she looked all the more beautiful for it. Most women would have looked like a drowned cat but not Annie. Hair falling in damp curls around her shoulders and down her back, flushed cheeks and face chilled white from running in the cold wind just accentuated her prefect complexion. He still thought she was stunning.
Her fierceness exuded through the room as she confronted someone she thought was better than his cowardly attack.
Eli looked casual but she could sense what he was feeling. What he felt gave her pause, at first there was shock then despair and heartache but soon enough he was morphing that into abhorrence. But at the heart of it all, even though he now thought her a monster for what she had been changed into, he still loved her. Guilt ripped through him as he masked his affection for her with anger and hatred. He pushed it so far down within himself that she thought he would never find it in there again.
“You have crossed a line, Eli,” she said. “You should not have attacked that institution because they have done nothing wrong.”
“And what of; Nathaniel Eddon?” He argued. “I believe he was taken there in a mysterious state.” The confused look on her face soon cleared into understanding.
“You have been secretly watching?” She looked mortified. “Eli, they do not want trouble. Just leave them alone.”
He stood up from his chair and walked slowly over to her. Her body tensed, ready to defend herself but her guard fell away when she felt Eli’s love for her. It seemed his warm feelings for her kept trying to push their way back to the surface. He stopped when he was just a foot away, looking down at her as he used to. He reached up and touched her cheek lightly. His eyes looked sad, as if he had lost something he held very dear. He looked at her as if his desperation would save her from what she had become.
“What has he done to you?” Eli whispered and something inside of her stung from his words.
“At least I cannot be hurt now,” she reasoned, keeping her voice quiet like his.
Eli cupped her face sweetly, almost in a lover’s caress and it distracted her for just a moment. It was only a brief moment but it was long enough that she didn’t realise he let a dagger slip down from his sleeve into his hand. Suddenly his face turned from serene to malicious as he thrust the dagger violently into Annie’s chest.
As the dagger pierced through her heart and the blood trickled down her skin she gasped in pain. Not so much because of the physical pain, she could handle that, she gasped as she looked into the eyes of someone she once held dear and saw nothing but hatred there. She clasped the dagger in her chest and just for good measure he twisted it further in. Before she could stop it a single tear ran down her face, a tear brought on from the sadness she felt from his belligerence towards her. The self-loathing that was playing inside of Eli for what he had just done was soon masked by his sense of duty. When she didn’t drop onto the floor into death he stepped away from her, leaving the dagger where it was.
“I guess that proves that you do not love me,” he said.
He was referring to the fact that only the true love of a snatcher is one of the only ones who can kill them, be them a; snatcher, tracker, human or goodness knows what else. He stood there, looking as if he was the one who was just betrayed.
Complete and utter disgust surged inside of Annie; not only because of his impudent act but also his audacious comment. She blinked away her tears as the rage seeped onto her face. She looked right into Eli’s eyes as she pulled the dagger out of her heart, blood soaking her dress. She held the bloody dagger in her hand that drooped by her side, blood dripping from its point onto the floor. She looked at him as if she thought him filthy. She gritted her teeth together trying to hold herself back from doing something she would regret. Her next words were controlled and even with a shadow of pending rage that was boiling beneath.
“Baden is the only one on earth that could kill me.” She said the words knowing they would cut him deep and she felt in him that they did just that. “And he would NEVER…” She screamed the word, barely holding back her ire. “Do that to me.” Her last words were barely a whimper as she let the dagger fall to the ground. As it hit the floor, the handle made a bell sound that rang out across the room. Her eyes were full with tears of anger.
“You two deserve each other,” he spat the words.
“And the cause that you once lived for is dead as you and your trackers now live for the glory of the conquest,” she hissed. “You make me sick,” she whispered. And the next time he blinked she was gone.
Abe stood quietly outside the library. He had listened to the whole thing and Annie didn’t even notice him as she ran out. He couldn’t believe what he had just heard. He snuck away quietly as he tried to push away the disappointment he felt towards Eli. Annie had not deserved what he had done to her and it made him feel sad that Eli had treated her that way. Yes she was a snatcher but how far was too far? And for the first time his loyalty began to waver.
When Annie arrived home she ignored everyone who had been waiting for her by the fire in the library. She ran to her room, got changed and started a fire. She threw her dress into the flames where it landed in a sad heap before beginning to burn up. Baden came into the room and tried to question her about what had happened and why she was burning her dress but she refused to talk. He could feel her anger but it soon gave way to pain and she cried from the betrayal, keeping the reason to herself. She also felt guilty, if only she had kept in contact with Eli instead of shutting him out then maybe he would see sense instead of being the way he was now.
She remembered back when she was human, back when Eli would never think of doing anything like that to her. She didn’t regret being a snatcher at all but she felt like she had truly lost someone…and she was right. She had lost a friend because that friend had lost himself.

CHAPTER 21:

Eli stood amongst the trees on an eerie, windy night waiting for someone. He had received word from a man regarding information that he needed. Tucking his hands a little deeper into the pockets of his elegant jacket as his breath escaped into the frosty night air, he looked around until he saw a figure waiting over by some trees. Eli glanced around to make sure they weren’t followed then slowly walked over to the man.
“Good evening Mr. Brighton,” Oliver greeted. His face turned up in a smug smile as he looked at Eli. A twisted and embittered soul if ever he’d seen one.
“Oliver,” Eli replied.
Oliver was dressed finely in an expensive suit. Undeterred by the cold, he refused to wear a jacket because he didn’t want to ruin his look.
“Well, I would say this is well and truly getting revenge on Baden. You will do a far better job than I,” Oliver taunted. Eli’s eyes narrowed in hatred of the snatcher before him.
“Do not mistake me, Oliver. You and I are not alike in any way.” Eli’s skin was crawling just being near him.
“Do you have it?” Oliver asked bluntly.
Eli pulled the velvet bag out of his breast pocket and threw it to him. Oliver caught it without even looking and just by the weight of it he could tell the amount of gold it contained. He slipped it into his pocket with another small smile. He wasn’t doing this for the payoff, he would have given the information for free but he went along with it. The gold was just a perk.
“Tell me,” Eli said coldly.
“As you and your trackers have discovered, the true love of a snatcher can kill an immortal,” he said needlessly.
“Well we know that will not be happening,” Eli commented.
“But there is another way…” Oliver paused for a moment, as if he was about to reconsider telling him. “Someone from the lineal descendant of an immortal snatcher can kill them with a dagger through the heart. They have the ability no matter what state they are in; tracker, snatcher or human.” Eli didn’t say anything so Oliver elaborated. “For instance, whoever began your blood line…their; children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and so forth, could kill him. Come on, Eli. You should know the value of a good bloodline.” Oliver found it all rather amusing.
The words were like ice over Eli. It was so easy, the answer had been within his control this whole time and he hadn’t even known it.
“That means…” but Eli was cut off.
“If you had simply daggered Baden outside of the house then he would have died instead of being trapped,” Oliver finished. He seemed to enjoy the irony of it.
“Where have you gotten this information from?” Eli was hesitant to believe him.
“I have been informed by more than one source that this is the case. One being Taru,” he explained. “A while back she traded the information with me so long as I delayed my abduction of Annie.”
Eli had to hold himself back at the memory of Annie being taken by this fiend, if only he could kill him he would do it right then and there. Without another word Eli turned and started walking away.
“It will not make a difference if you take Baden away from her, Eli,” Oliver yelled out. He didn’t want to deter Eli from killing Baden but he couldn’t help but torment him. He had been dealt the same blow. “She will never want you!” Eli paused but didn’t turn around.
“I do not want her any longer, she is an abhorrence to mankind,” he said with venom in his voice.
“And I am going to choose to live my life as a monk in a monastery,” Oliver said sarcastically. Eli glanced over his shoulder and with a smile Oliver just raised his hands in surrender. “Sorry, I must have been mistaken. I thought we were merely sprouting fabrications because from what I have heard Annie is even more alluring in her new form, if that was even possible.”
Eli disappeared into the night, headed toward the small group of trackers that waited for him at the Weston estate. But that didn’t stop Oliver’s words from echoing through his mind, she will never want you.
Oliver had only told Eli of the descendant’s abilities because he knew that he had no lineage that the trackers could trace, he had made sure of that. Oliver left then, back to where he had come from. He had only contacted Eli because he had been instructed to. He left for a place far away from the realm of earth, where he would do what needed to be done…do what he was indebted to do.
Eli went straight into the estate where the trackers were gathered at a table in the library. They stopped talking amongst themselves as soon as he arrived and he sat at the head of the table.
“We are to find descendants of each and every immortal amongst the group,” Eli declared. “If they wield the dagger then they can kill them.”
The group of men remained quiet for a time before they found their voice again.
“Which of them are immortals?” One tracker asked.
“Oliver would not give me that information,” Eli lied. He hadn’t even asked because he didn’t really care about the others. “We have myself for Baden, I will find a lineage for Annie.” Eli’s mouth went dry when he said her name. “Find a lineage for the other obvious ones. We will sift out other immortals when we can, for now we focus on the ones we know.”
“But a human descendant will not be physically capable of killing an immortal!” Another tracker reasoned.
“There are ways to make them capable,” Eli said with heavy meaning. Everyone went silent with his insinuation but no one questioned him. Internally they reasoned that sometimes allowances had to be made for the greater good.

Annie and Baden walked in through the institution gates a few days after the others had. The pair had held back at the manor for a little while after everyone else had already left to try and secretly practice Annie’s gift some more. They hadn’t found anything to practice on but they were grateful for the time alone together, who knew what waited for them at the institution.
When they finally arrived they found it had been restored to its former glory and everyone seemed energized in the wake of the attack. Though some of the snatchers were rather reserved, the ones who had lost loved ones.
As they made their way through the courtyard everyone started to notice their presence and paused what they were doing. Annie looked at Baden and thought he did look rather handsome all dressed up in his suit, respectfully keeping to the dress code as she had suggested he should. After a moment she realised he was looking at her, trying to see if she was ok.
She had assumed that everyone was staring at Baden but this time it wasn’t the case. This time they were gawking because this was the first time they had seen Annie after she had been turned. Everyone found her curious and wanted to get a gander as she walked past. It made her feel rather uncomfortable so she picked up the pace.
Baden didn’t like how the men ogled her. She looked ridiculously attractive in her lovely plush blue dress. She didn’t even realise that with her hair simply pulled back at the sides and in a casual dress, she was more than a distraction.
In Annie’s mind her dress was simple and casual. She hated wearing dresses so she already felt uncomfortable, she began to worry that everyone was staring at her because she wasn’t wearing it right or something.
Amaury came onto the scene as soon as they were inside and he looked at them with a quiet thankfulness. All dressed in acceptable attire.
“Welcome, thank you for coming,” he greeted. He had changed since the attack, he was genuinely calm rather than his usual ‘calm’. More reserved and sincere, even almost humble. “Come and I will show you to your room.”
He led them through the maze-like corridors and took them to a huge room, over furnished with ridiculously extravagant furniture.
“This is not necessary,” Annie said as she came into the room.
“Nonsense,” Amaury declared. “This will do nicely. And we have made some alterations to every room in the institute.”
He walked over to the windows and on his way he picked up a small statue. Suddenly he hurled it at the glass and Annie was so shocked that she jumped from the surprise of his actions. When the statue hit the window, smashing to pieces yet not breaking the window itself, Annie and Baden looked at each other in question. Annie walked over and started pushing on the glass, testing its strength. When she felt some resistance she tried a little harder but yet it still didn’t break. She grabbed the lock, which was metal, and tried to break it but she couldn’t. She looked over to Amaury in question.
“We have had a ‘special group’ coming up with this for some time,” Amaury explained. “We have used chromium and…other things,” he described vaguely. “To fashion an impenetrable material for snatchers…and trackers for that matter.” Baden came over and tested the metal handle himself. In a quick moment it broke into shards in his palm. Amaury looked at the destroyed handle in his hand. “Well, all except Baden of course.” Baden brushed the mess from his hand onto the floor and took a closer look at the window.
“How is the glass still clear with chromium it?” Baden asked as he inspected it closely.
“That took a while but they found a way to make the metal transparent,” Amaury answered. “Though, it was not necessary in the case of the door locks, the doors themselves or to reinforce the walls.”
“But chromium is just a metal like most others,” Annie reasoned. “How is it that it keeps us out?”
“You see, it did not work when we used the metal after it had been merely extracted from the earth.” Amaury sounded fascinated by his own story. “But our ‘special group’ found that if...” He paused before he went any further in his explanation. He gave them a cunning smile then went on. “It is not that I do not trust you…”
“But you will not tell us how it was made because you do not trust us,” Baden finished his sentence, saturating it in sarcasm as he studied the glass.
“That is fine,” Annie jumped in. “We understand.”
“And how do you know that trackers cannot break it?” Baden asked, finally looking away from the window.
“We had made barricades for the windows and doors as prototypes to test it. We found out how useful they were when we were attacked.” Amaury decided not to say anything further.
“And where is your ‘special group’?” Annie found it all rather interesting.
“Well below the structure of this institution in clandestine, underground rooms. That is where they work,” Amaury explained. “Only I and the ‘special group’ know where these rooms are. The only other snatcher to know will be the one who takes over my position, if the need should ever arise.”
“Why so secretive?” Baden sounded skeptical.
“We did it only as a precaution in the beginning…” Amaury paused, he seemed rather perplexed. “But recently we have had some of the material go missing and we are not sure who the guilty party is.”
“Enough of all this,” Annie interrupted. “Can you show me where Jory is?”
“Of course! Right this way.” Amaury led them out of their room.
It felt like they walked halfway around the institution before they reached the room. Something, Baden was sure, was no coincidence. Keeping them away from others was probably best for everyone.
“Annie,” Martha called from down the hall before they could go into the room. She smiled at her friend. “May I speak with you and Baden privately?” She asked quietly.
“Of course,” Annie agreed, wondering what the conversation might be about.
With a gentle nod of the head, Amaury left them and Martha took Annie and Baden to the nearest empty room. It was small and a little dusty but quaint. Just a little room for gatherings by the look of the way the sofas and divans were arranged to almost form a circle.
When the door was closed Martha turned to them seeming a little frazzled.
“Jory is rather unwell,” Martha started. “He is healing but at a rather slow pace. We think the only reason he is taking so long to heal is because of the way he was changed. It was not as direct as it could have been. So, even though it had been Taru’s bane that changed him it had not been as potent as it could have been with a direct bite. Which has made such a dangerous wound take even longer to heal.” She seemed almost nervous as she talked.
The theory made sense and that’s what Baden would have concluded as well so he wasn’t sure why she was telling them this. Something told him the conversation wasn’t just for an explanation of Jory’s condition.
“I have been thinking that there might be a way to help him…” Martha prompted, hoping they would understand without her having to actually say it.
 “What is it?” Annie asked when Martha didn’t go on.
“Well…” Martha glanced at Baden, who was standing behind Annie. “You do not have to but…I was thinking that...maybe if he had some rather special bane in his system…” Martha’s sentence drifted off but they both understood what she was asking.
“You want Annie to bite him?” Baden clarified.
“You or Annie,” Martha offered. “Of course you do not have to because he will heal but it will be quite a while…the dagger penetrated rather deep into his heart.”
Annie looked at Baden and he could feel that she wanted to help her friend.
“Can you do it?” She asked Baden.
“Me?” He said, surprised by her words. “Why would I do it?”
“I just assumed that you would not want me to do it,” Annie reasoned. Baden looked at Martha then back at Annie. Martha’s heavy heart was weighing on Baden and it was annoying him. He rolled his eyes and gave in.
“Fine!” He conceded. “You can do it Annie but I will not be in the room.” He left before he could change his mind. He went to try and find the others to help distract himself.
Annie and Martha left the little room together but Martha started to walk in the opposite direction of Jory’s room.
“Where are you going?” Annie asked, confused.
“I cannot go in there with you,” Martha whispered. “When I suggested it to him he told me not to ask you. If I go in with you he will know I went against his wishes. He would be irate if he knew.”
“So I have to face him alone?” Annie started to panic.
Martha’s calm expression turned to alarm as she directed Annie to quiet down by frantically waving her hands through the air. She looked at the door to make sure Jory had not heard.
“He will not be angry with you. Just act as if you thought of it yourself. You will do fine,” she encouraged. She scooted Annie over to the door and knocked before Annie could back out. Then she left Annie in the lurch.
“Come in,” Jory called out. Annie hesitated before she opened the door. Jory was lying on the bed and was surprised to see her walk in.
The room was extravagant, as were most of the rooms in the institution, and it took a moment for Annie’s eyes to move to Jory as she got swept away in the beautiful, decorativeness of the space. It was made to suit a man with all of its darker tones but still had the frills of something gentle and feminine. Somehow it all still worked together.
Finally when Annie found him amongst the quilts on the bed she saw that he was shirtless with a bandage wrapped diagonally around his chest then horizontally across his diaphragm. There was a slight stain of blood where his heart was.
“Hello,” Annie greeted awkwardly.
She was trying to act natural, as if she wasn’t guilty of hiding Martha’s secret. Jory tried to sit up and lean against the headboard but he winced in pain.
“Oh…do not do that.” Annie closed the door and hurried over to help him. As soon as she had stepped in the room she could feel his pain but now it almost winded her.
“I am not an invalid,” he said defensively. Annie rolled her eyes and sat down beside him on the bed as he struggled to heave himself up.
“Of course, completely capable snatchers struggle to sit up all the time,” she commented sarcastically. He looked at her sternly but lost his stubbornness quickly.
“So…how are you feeling?” She asked. “Keep in mind I can tell when you are lying.” He was going to lie but then stopped in his tracks.
“Fine…I am in a lot of pain,” he admitted letting it show on his face.
“I know, I can see that,” she said. He just nodded and looked out the window.
It was hard for him to have her so close and she could feel that. He loved her so much and it was like a dagger through the heart every time he realised she was someone else’s.
She sat there thinking about how she could heal him with her bane. If only bane healed humans as it did snatchers, then she wouldn’t even have to worry about dying when she tried to heal someone with her strength and they didn’t make it. She could just use her bane instead and she had plenty of that.
She had read all about snatchers and their bane when she had been looking for ways to rescue Baden from his entrapment. The only bane that would not change a human if it was injected into them was the pleasurable stuff Baden had used on her. And that wouldn’t do much for healing, though it would be rather enjoyable. But if the bane that changes humans was used on another snatcher it would help to speed up the process of healing, depending on the strength of bane and on the seriousness of the injury. The bane wouldn’t recreate the snatcher because they had already been changed, their bane was already what it would be for eternity and couldn’t be undone. But helping the healing process was better than nothing.
“Let me help you?” Annie blurted out after realising that she was caught in her own internal musings. Jory looked back at her but didn’t speak.
“No,” he said bluntly.
“You do realise that I can force you to do what I want…” She said with a smile. “You are weak and I am much stronger than you.”
“I am healing,” he argued.
“But I can make it better right now.” She waited for him to say something but he didn’t. “I am going to do it with or without your consent.” She wouldn’t really do it if he didn’t want her to but she could see it was only his pride saying no.
He looked at her with hardness in his eyes but she could feel the softness in his soul. She could feel his acceptance so she moved a little closer to him on the bed as she hid her smile.
“Wipe that smile off your face,” he joked and it caused her smile to escape even more. When she was rather close she slowly leaned in towards his neck.
“Try not to move,” she whispered as her mouth hovered over his skin.
Annie wasn’t trying to be enticing at all but with her warm breath against his neck and her body so close to his, Jory found it hard to control his feelings. His breaths were shallow and he was a little shaky but it wasn’t from the wound.
Annie opened her mouth and bit into the skin of his neck. It stung him and as her bane flowed into him it was painful and delightful at the same time. It burned through him and he could feel when it started stitching through his wound. It became too much and he grabbed Annie to try and mediate the pain. He moved his arms around her waist, pulling her close to him so quickly that she almost lost her grip on his neck. He grunted in pain as the bane did its work but he was grateful for what she was doing, not that she was healing him but that he was allowed to hold onto her for a brief moment. The warmth from her body melted into his and as the bane did its work he focused less on the pain and more on her. Her smell was just as he remembered, sweet and intoxicating. He imagined kissing her and touching her and having her as his.
He held her closer and closer and for a moment it reminded her of when it was just the two of them. The times when he had been her only comfort, the times when she used to want him like he wanted her. The taste of his honey skin sat in her mouth and trickled through her. He was warm and comforting. And just as she was about to lose herself in who he was the bane finished what it was doing.
When she could feel that Jory had been healed she pulled away, not wanting him to get the wrong idea. She licked her lips clean, which were relatively spotless of his blood anyway because she had been neat and careful. He liked the way she had drank a part of him in without hesitation, even if it was just to spare her dress of a stain.
She started pulling away from him so she could move off the bed but for a moment he refused to let her go, holding onto her without fear that she would rebuff him. They sat there, faces almost touching just quietly looking at each other. His breathing was heavy after the experience and she felt guilty for making him feel the way he did. She knew she should move away but something made her stay, whether it was the look on his face or the love in his heart. She just didn’t want to disappoint him again.
“Thank you,” he said quietly. She relaxed into his arms a little more and smiled.
“I am glad I could help,” she said. And she meant it with all her heart.
His heart was beating fast but not for worrying reasons, for the fact that she was close. He thought that maybe time away from her would help to take away his feeling for her but seeing her again made them flare up more than before.
“I know I probably should not say this,” he started before pausing to see her reaction. She kept quiet, feeling like he needed to say what he was about to. Her silence was the answer he needed so he went on. “And I know that I cannot have you. And please do not construe what I am about to say as me trying to get you to choose me. I know you will not,” he admitted.
This time it didn’t break his heart as much to say it. He just accepted that he would love her and would have to deal with it but he had to say this just to say it.
“You are the only woman to touch my heart…if I could find someone else who makes me feel half as much as you do, that would be enough but something inside me tells me that is something that will most likely not happen.”
“Jory,” she said his name quietly but he stopped her from going on with a little squeeze around her waist.
He paused briefly to take a moment to look into her eyes, he didn’t imagine he would have many opportunities in the future to do so.
“It hurt me to know that you wanted him, and it probably will hurt me from time to time but I have come to understand that you are not mine. You are his and you will be his and that makes you even more beautiful. You love because you love, not because you are forced to.
But I am going to want you and I cannot imagine a day when I will not. I am sorry if that makes you sad but you will always be what I want. I do not want you to feel like you cannot be yourself around me because of how I feel. And there is no use in denying it because you can see exactly how I feel.
But please do not take away who you are from me, the way you are with the others; Adam, Martha, everyone. Please just be that with me. Do not take yourself away from me completely when others still have the joy of you.” He paused for a moment.
Her eyes were close to tears and she had to use every part of her strength to not let them flood over. She kept silent feeling that he wanted to say more.
“I love you, Annie.” His voice broke a little and his glassy eyes watched her desperately. “I love you and that is just it. And I know that other men have wanted you and you have not wanted them but I know that you did want me…”
He waited for her to confirm, he just needed her to acknowledge it was true even though he already knew it and she had said it before. She slightly nodded her answer not being able to form words at the moment. She saw no use in denying it. Her response was a small victory for him in such a lonely time in his life.
“I am the only other one you have wanted other than…him,” Jory decided to leave his name out of it. “It hurts me to know that you wanted me. It hurts more than having you not want me now. I am the only one who has been close enough to feel what it would be like to have you and missing out on it because he got there first. And though the other men’s infatuations with you might fade, mine will not as his will not. And whereas he will have you there to continue to fill his love for you, I will not have you but my love will continue.”
Her tears were falling down her cheeks now but she wasn’t embarrassed. It was hard to hear and part of her wanted to hear it but most of all she knew he had to say it.
“I missed out on you by a matter of weeks. And though you may feel differently now I know what you felt back then. And if I had met you first I have no doubt that he would be the one left behind and I would be yours.”
His words really started to hurt both of them now. They hurt so much because they were all true but it didn’t change what already was. The silence drew on for some time but she knew he wasn’t finished.
“But it was not to be,” he almost choked on the words. “Our paths were never to become one. And I could say I hope you every happiness, which would be true, but most of all I wish you were mine. I wish I had found you first.”
In the end he didn’t know what point he was trying to make he just needed to say it. Nothing was wrapped up neatly, it didn’t have a happy ending. It just was what it was and there would be no resolution. It would always be the story that ‘never was’, the story that couldn’t be. They both knew why and they both wished for different endings but this story didn’t have an ending. This story was something lost, something that wouldn’t be found but always missed. Always thought of but never realised.
Maybe it was his brush with death, maybe he didn’t want to let go just yet. Maybe it was a bit of both. All he knew is he had to try and say what was inside of him. No explanation needed, just words that would mean nothing because nothing came of them. He knew nothing would change what already was, maybe a secret part of him hoped it would. But he knew. They both knew. Nothing was going to change.
And it hurt Annie even more because even if she wanted to be with Jory she never could. She was never meant to be with him, she was always destined to be with Baden. Yes she chose him willingly but she was always going to choose him and Jory would always be the one who missed out on her, even though she could have loved him and lived a beautiful life with him.
She reached up and touched his face, wiping the tears away for him in a tender act. She could feel that he was done and just wanted to be alone so she gave him a teary smile then left the room. And this time he let her leave.
He had told her time and time again that he would let her go but he couldn’t. So instead of lying, both to himself and her, he told the truth and the truth was; he probably was never going to be able to fully let go. It may not have been the easiest thing to hear but it had to be said. He almost wished he could let her go but in the end he didn’t. He didn’t want to let go of his love for her because she meant so much to him. So they both just had to live with the fact that he loved her but she loved someone else.
Things may have been complicated now but the hope for the future was that it would get better…it had to, didn’t it? But if life had taught them anything, it was that sometimes things just didn’t get better. Sometimes things just hurt.

CHAPTER 22:

Annie closed the door quietly and started to walk off, wiping away her tears. As she moved away from the room she heard something off in some obscure corridor of the institution. When she listened closely she realised that it was someone crying. She might have been grateful for a distraction from what just happened but not if it came at the expense of someone else. Quietly she made her way towards the noise and when she was coming in closer she waited around the corner. Really she was quite a far distance away but she could still hear, though it was hard to make out what was being said over all the crying. She heard two people talking and after a moment she realised that one of them was Acacia.
“Tomorrow night,” Acacia hissed. Then all of a sudden she left the crying girl in the hallway. Annie snuck closer and when she was sure the girl was alone she approached.
“Hello there,” Annie said softly.
The girl had been trying so hard to control her tears that she hadn’t even heard Annie. The girl quickly straightened up and brushed away the tears from her cheeks. She was a snatcher, a very new one at that. She was shorter than Annie, with brown hair and eyes. She looked like someone who could blend into a crowd easily and Annie wondered if there was something important about that she should take note of.
“What is the matter?” Annie asked gently.
“Nothing,” the girl lied. Annie could feel her distress and wondered what could be plaguing her.
“What is your name?” Annie asked kindly. The girl looked up shyly, seeming a little hesitant to respond but something must have changed her mind because she eventually spoke. 
“Emily Shaw,” she answered quietly.
“And how old are you?” Annie’s gentle way was enough to coax anyone around.
“Seventeen.” Emily looked shaken up and Annie wanted to know why. She also wanted to know why a Seventeen year old snatcher was wandering the halls of this institution with Acacia.
“Would you like to go somewhere and talk?” Annie asked as she gently placed her hand on Emily’s shoulder. She looked as if she was about to say yes but suddenly a dark cloud covered her face and she pulled away.
“I have to get going,” Emily said abruptly then left without another word.
Annie decided not to go after her, really it wasn’t her place to stick her nose in…even though she wanted to. Pulling herself away she went back to her room to find Baden waiting for her. He had found the others but after a short time had decided to unpack, which he had already done when Annie came in. Now he reclined on the bed with his feet up. At the foot of the bed sat two large, white boxes.
“How did it go?” He asked, reading something in his hand. It looked like a little card.
“He is healed,” she answered, distracted by the note, boxes and the girl named Emily.
It was rather lucky she had things to distract her otherwise Baden might have picked up on something. He seemed to be completely uninterested in knowing more about what happened with Jory or at least he was making a good show that he wasn’t inquisitive. This, she was thankful for.
“Who is that from?” She asked curiously.
Baden looked up and casually flicked the card over to her so she could see it. She sat on the bed near where the card landed, leaning over and reading it without picking it up.
“You have got to be joking?” She reasoned after she saw what it said.
“It is not a joke,” Baden informed disappointedly. “Amaury thought that a ball was exactly what we all needed to help us move past the attack.” His tone conveyed how preposterous he thought it was.
“Tomorrow night? I have nothing to wear!” Annie argued her point to the wrong person.
“Not to fear!” Baden announced sarcastically as he scooted over on the bed to where the boxes were sitting. “Amaury has already organised it.”
Annie rolled her eyes as she moved over and settled on the bed next to him. Why had she even bothered worrying about the attire just seconds earlier, she should have known.
“Goodness gracious.” She sounded exhausted at the sight of the crisp boxes. Baden pulled her closer to him and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“You were gone a while,” he commented casually as he dragged one of the boxes closer to them on the bed. His nonchalant act was a good effort but she could feel his jealousy.
“Actually, I was slightly delayed because I found a young snatcher in the hall I started speaking with,” she explained.
He knew that most of the time she had been gone would have been spent with Jory but he let it go. He knew she would tell him if he needed to know something, otherwise it was probably best he didn’t know. When he seemed satisfied she went on to recount the whole story and he tried to make sense of it.
“Emily Shaw…” Baden repeated the name.
He shrugged his shoulders giving up on trying to recognise it. Deciding that they probably wouldn’t figure it out they opened the boxes to see what they were in for the following night.
Soon enough the next night came and Baden stood in their room waiting for Annie as she got dressed behind the partition. He was wearing the suit Amaury had given him and he looked rather yummy. He left off a lot of the sections to the attire that he found unnecessary and it was transformed into his personal style; simple crisp, white shirt with a classic black jacket and pants.  The suit was well tailored to his stature and he was oh so suave in only the way Baden could be.
Annie stepped out from behind the partition and Baden looked on with absolute pleasure. The floor length dress was slick against her lovely curves with fitted sleeves down to her wrists. The neck line plunged rather low, which Baden thought was quite a good choice for his own personal viewing but didn’t like the thought of her being on display for others. The dress was ivory and looked ravishing against her creamy skin.
“Wait for it…” Annie said as she held up her hand to stop him when he started walking towards her.
She spun around to reveal that the back of the dress was scooped so low it reached the small of her back. Standing with her legs together concealed the slit up the middle of the dress so she stepped one leg forward to reveal a split so high that it showed most of her legs. The opening revealed gold heeled shoes that looked so delicate they might fall apart if she actually walked. Her hair fell in soft curls down her back and she looked utterly delectable. She swiveled back around, hands on hips as if to model for him.
“Well, Amaury has outdone himself this time,” Baden muttered quietly under his breath.
He crept over and slid his arms around her back, enjoying the feel of her skin. He nuzzled his face into her neck and pulled her close.
“Maybe we could stay in tonight?” His warm breath whispered against her skin and it sent a shiver through her. Suddenly there was a knock at the door and Baden froze, grunting in frustration at the interruption.
“Coming!” Annie called out as she pulled away from Baden with a naughty smile.
They both went to the door to find Adam, Stewart and Micah standing there waiting for them in their lovely suits. All looking rather handsome.
“Whoa!” Adam said when he saw Annie. “I will be holding onto you tonight,” he joked with a big grin as he went to put his arm around her waist. Then he looked at Baden who didn’t look impressed in the slightest which made his smile drop instantly.
“Come on,” Stewart said, pulling Adam away before he could get himself into more trouble.
Annie and Baden looked at each other before reluctantly following the others out the door. They all went to the ballroom and, as usual, their entrance was met with a hushed, gawping ritual.
Soon enough the festivities were in full swing, the orchestra playing a mixture of fast paced songs then slow, quiet music. The decorations were elegant, especially with the huge, black gothic chandelier that hung above them.
Annie and the boys were laughing off in the corner about something ridiculous when she noticed Jory walk in with Acacia. What was he doing with her? She watched them as they walked over onto the dance floor but the crowd moved in the way of her view. He had looked slick in his full suit, wearing it to perfection. And, however much this annoyed Annie, Acacia looked more than presentable in her full skirted black dress.
“What is he doing with that lunatic?” She whispered under her breath and Micah, Adam and Stewart took that as their queue to leave.
“We will be back in a bit,” Stewart announced before he walked off with Adam and Micah.
“What is she up to?” Annie asked Baden when they were alone…well, as alone as they could be in a crowded room of snatchers.
“I think she is having a good time at the minute,” Baden commented happily whilst he watched her flirt with Jory as they reemerged at the other side of the crowd.
He rather liked the idea of Jory paying attention to another woman who wasn’t the love of his life. Annie gave Baden a playful slap on the chest.
“I mean, she could be crazy for all we know and Jory might be in danger,” Annie reasoned eyeing them from across the room. Baden rolled his eyes.
“Annie,” he said. He could feel that she didn’t feel jealous, she actually did feel concerned. “What is the worst that could happen? What? She might steal his heart?”
“Having your heart stolen by someone who makes young girls cry in dark hallways,” Annie surmised. “How hopeful!” Baden couldn’t help but laugh at her way with words.
Suddenly the song changed so he swept her onto the dance floor in a flurry of fun and soon they were dancing to the medium paced song that was playing. As they danced Annie couldn’t help but notice young Emily standing off to the side of dance floor, looking all together shaken up. She wore a dull coloured, simple designed dress and blended in easily, going almost unnoticed by everyone. She seemed to be watching Acacia nervously.
“Maybe you should go dance with her?” Annie suggested, flicking her head in Emily’s direction. Baden looked at Annie as if she were crazy.
The song changed again and this time it was a song she recognized, it was Jory’s song. All of a sudden Jory was next to them, looking at Baden as if he was ready for a fight.
“May I?” He asked respectfully, holding out his hand towards Annie but looking at Baden for permission.
Baden was still holding onto Annie but they weren’t dancing anymore. Baden looked at Annie who gave him a little wink and he gave in.
“Fine! I will go dance with Emily,” he surrendered.
Jory eagerly took hold of a waiting Annie and soon they were dancing in motion to the song. He held her close and she tried to push away the love that was radiating out of him.
Baden walked over to Emily, who stood there looking out of her element. He had his hands in his pockets and when she noticed him coming her way she froze. He smiled as nicely as he could, which he wasn’t accustomed to when it came to strangers, and stopped when he wasn’t too close.
“Emily…is it?” He asked, although he already knew. She didn’t bother to answer him. He awkwardly cleared his throat and tried again. “Would you like to dance?” He asked as kindly as he could.
She looked at him as if he were daft then abruptly turned and walked away. Laughter sounded from behind him and he turned to find Adam, Stewart and Micah trying their hardest to hold back their chuckles. He walked over to them with a face that warned of his limited patience. He grabbed the wine out of Adam’s hand, which was almost spilling out of the glass from lack of concentration, and took a gulp.
“The first time Baden tries to be nice...” Micah said breathlessly through his laughter. He was laughing so hard that he could hardly even finish. “He is…rebuffed.” It was the first time he had laughed in a long time.
Everyone near them found their antics immature but at least the boys were having fun. Baden looked over to see the young Emily being taken onto the dance floor by Amaury. Something didn’t seem right about it but he didn’t get too much time to speculate on it. Soon enough there would be so much chaos the whole institution would be in an uproar.
Baden had just turned his gaze to Annie and Jory dancing when there was an almighty scream that sounded from across the room. Everyone was looking in one direction, where Amaury and Emily had been dancing. Everyone moved back as Emily started rushing through the crowd. There laying on the ballroom floor was Amaury, with a tracker’s dagger sticking out of his chest. This usually wouldn’t be a problem, he was an immortal but for some reason he was laying still…as if it had killed him.
Suddenly Baden realised at the same time as Annie that Amaury was in fact dead. Baden scanned the surging crowd to find Annie. He caught a glimpse of her as she was leaving, Emily in tow. What on earth was she doing?
“Time to leave,” Baden said to the boys. He handed the glass back to Adam then shot off after Annie.
The crowd was starting to panic, some snatchers were running for their lives as if they were the next to go. Others were starting to rally a group to go after the girl and some were mourning the loss of Amaury. All together it was pandemonium as Baden ran after Annie. He shoved snatchers out of the way to get to her. Finally he made it to the hallway but he could hear a group of snatchers coming his way, they must have seen Annie run off with Emily. He sensed where Annie was and followed her through the maze of the institution. He caught up to her when she had reached the door to their room.
“Get in!” He yelled as he came running up to her.
Annie had just opened the door when a mob of angry snatchers spotted them. Baden pushed them all inside quickly and slammed the door shut, locking it with the new, impenetrable lock. The mob pounded on the door, screaming for justice.
Annie sat the girl down on the nearest chair and stood in front of her, not being able to crouch down because of her dress. The girl looked frazzled and scared out of her mind.
“Emily, what on earth have you done?” Annie asked not really knowing if she would get an answer.
The girl looked around as if she was about to pass out from the commotion. She looked so afraid it would have been impossible to believe that she had just killed someone if they hadn’t been there.
“How did you kill him?” Annie tried to get her attention by speaking louder. When she didn’t answer she shook her a little.
“I do not know!” Emily screamed in panic. “I…I was taken by a group of men a week or so ago. They told me that I had to do what they said or something bad would happen. They did not give their names just instructions.”
“What were the instructions?” Baden asked over the banging on the door, standing there with his arms folded.
“They said I had to come here and kill someone and showed me a drawing of him,” she explained. “They did not give me his name but they told me about soul snatchers and said that it was imperative that I do this. They…they…turned me into what I am.” Emily looked down at her hands, trying to understand what she was.
“But how could she have killed him?” Annie asked as she walked over to Baden. “He was an immortal.”
“‘Shaw’…” Baden repeated the name and this time he had a random but helpful thought.
“Do you recall a conversation I told you about…that I had with Amaury?” He asked Annie trying to be discreet. She looked at him confused, how could she think of it with such a vague clue?
“I need a little more than that,” she said looking rather flustered.
“Remember, it happened when I was looking for you after you had disappeared. I told you about this…” When she looked at him blankly he gave up. “About his…”
Baden looked at Emily who looked like she wasn’t even paying attention anyway, which she wasn’t. She was scared out of her mind and was afraid she was going to get killed by the group at the door.
“Child?” Baden mouthed to Annie.
He was talking about a conversation he had with Amaury, when he had confessed to fathering a child when he was still human. He had admitted to killing off his descendants because they made him ‘vulnerable’. The conversation didn’t have much meaning at the time but Annie began to see Baden’s line of thinking and went with it.
“Emily, what was your mother’s last name before she was married?” She asked, as they began to piece it all together.
“Her last name was Shaw,” she answered. Annie looked at Baden for a little help, it felt like a dead end. “But she was never married,” she added.
Baden and Annie looked at each other hoping to come up with another possible answer. Their theory didn’t really need a matching last name but it would help to confirm it.
“Do you know what your father’s name is?” He asked.
“I have not seen him since I was a little girl…but my mother told me it is Albert Derring,” she answered, her voice beginning to become strained from the stress of her current predicament.
Baden and Annie looked at each other slightly relieved to find the last piece of the puzzle, as relieved as they could be at a time like this.
Baden and Annie put two and two together, realising that a blood relation must be able to kill an immortal. Amaury must have known this which is why he had been killing them off, which was in itself ghastly. But obviously he hadn’t quite got around to all of them. They looked at each other grimly as they realised they had a huge mess on their hands.
 “Trackers?” Annie wondered aloud and Baden simply nodded. “But surely they would not turn an innocent girl into a snatcher just to kill another…would they? Sending her into this place knowing she would probably not make it out…” She trailed off before she scared the girl with her words.
That was the only thing they could think of and if it was the case, the trackers obviously knew a piece of information that was now dangerous for all immortal snatchers.
“I cannot think of anyone else,” Baden said. He didn’t have as much faith in them as Annie did. He rubbed his hand over his face, stress evident in his action. “We need to speak with the others.”
Suddenly Baden started feeling along the wall that housed the fireplace. The banging on the door was subsiding as the mob lost hope in trying to break in. Even if they got in, what were they going to do with Baden there?
“What on earth are you doing?” Annie asked.
“There is always a secret compartment that leads inside the walls in this place,” Baden explained as he felt along the wall. “We will hide Emily in there so we can leave the room.”
“But they will know she is hidden in there,” Annie argued.
“Only a select few know about the hidden passages,” he reassured as he searched. “Myself being one of them,” he said stating the obvious.
Suddenly he pushed on a part of the wall that looked completely normal, after a creaking sound a small door lifted out from the wall. He looked around in triumph at his find. Annie took Emily gently by the arm and walked her over to the now revealed door. The hallway it opened into looked just as elegant as the regular corridors and were lit by beautiful sconces lining the wall. But even with the sophistication of it, it still looked frightening. Annie thought back to all the times she thought of this place like a maze, this proved that it really was.
“Do not leave me in here alone,” Emily pleaded.
“I am sorry but we must,” Annie apologised. “We have very limited options at the minute.”
They helped the frightened girl into the wall and closed it back up, leaving her with a horror stricken look on her face. Annie took this moment to quickly get changed into her leather pants and shirt, a more comfortable fit for such a tense situation. She tied her hair back in a ponytail to keep it off her neck. She slipped on her boots and laced them up before they went on their way.
As they left the room they could feel Emily’s terror and it burdened them but they didn’t know what else to do. This was all such a mess.

CHAPTER 23:

Baden and Annie came out of the room to find the hallway empty. They looked at each other suspiciously as they locked the door behind them. They heard commotion coming from the ballroom and decided to go back there. Upon entry Stewart came up and dragged them off to the side.
“Amaury’s body has been taken to his chambers. Martha and the others are there and it is only Everard, Jory and I with this group. We are to break away as soon as we can to Amaury’s chambers,” Stewart explained.
They stood to the back of the crowd as Everard addressed the huge group. Jory stood beside his brother to show support.
“We all just need to remain calm,” Everard said to them. He was a sort of ‘vice principle’ of the institution and everyone here respected him.
“Who will run the institution?” Someone called from the crowd.
“Baden should do it!” Another yelled. “No one can kill him!” Baden looked utterly aghast at the idea as he gave a sideways glance to Annie. Jory tried to hide his own distaste at the thought.
“There will be talks as to who will be running the institution but for now we all just need to go back to our rooms,” Everard called. He broadcasted his voice very well. “I will be organising what I can as soon as I can and I will be keeping you all up to date in the process! We will reconvene back in the ballroom tomorrow morning.”
Before anyone could notice them there, Annie, Baden and Stewart left and headed straight for Amaury’s chambers. When they arrived, Micah, Adam and Martha had already covered Amaury’s body with a sheet as he lay on his bed motionless.
“Is the dagger still in there?” Stewart asked.
“If we take it out he will turn into dust,” Martha reasoned.
Baden and Annie moved over to the other side of the room to get away from the body, where they ended up next to Micah. Annie looked up at him with a disgusted look on her face.
“That is how I feel,” Micah whispered and it made her laugh a little. Suddenly Everard came through the door and locked it behind him.
“Good, you are all here,” he said. “Where is this mystery girl?” He asked Annie and Baden.
“She is locked away in our room,” Baden answered.
“It is not her fault,” Annie interrupted and they all just looked at her. “Baden and I believe that the trackers forced her into this. She is frightened and she has no idea what she has done.”
“Well it does not matter any longer,” Everard said diplomatically. “We must get her off the premises soon or she will be dead before dawn.”
“Annie and I will take her away straight after this,” Baden decided.
“Good!” Everard declared. “I left Jory in the ballroom to try and bring some sort of order. Now we need someone to run the institution. The suggestion of Baden was put...”
“No,” Baden refused before he finished.
“Why not?” Everard argued. “It needs a strong figurehead and there is no one stronger than you.”
“No one is strong anymore,” Adam said uncouthly. “An immortal is dead!”
“How?” Micah asked. Baden and Annie glanced at each other before answering. After a nod from Annie, Baden spoke. No use keeping the secret now.
“We suspect it is because she is a blood descendant of Amaury, through a past…dalliance,” he explained. “And it would seem that blood descendants can kill an immortal.”
Everyone looked at each other in surprise and took a moment to measure up what that truly meant.
“That means you can die,” Micah blurted out to Baden. Everyone looked at him pointedly. “I mean…that is…I do not want you to,” he stammered. “Eli is weak compared to you anyway. You will be fine.”
“Technically Annie could kill him because he loves her,” Adam pointed out before he could shut his mouth.
Everyone looked at him as if they couldn’t believe his uncouthness. To be fair he had thought he was making it better. Adam gave an offended look and simply pointed towards Micah for what he said. If he was getting in trouble he thought Micah deserved to also.
“Thank you for the reminders,” Baden said sarcastically.
It made Annie feel better that Baden didn’t seem bothered by the new information at all but then that started to really bother her. He should be cautious now that Eli must know he can kill him.
“You should be the head of the institute, Everard,” Stewart suggested in an attempt to distract everyone from the topic.
Annie looked at Stewart discreetly and mouthed a silent thank you for his help. He gave her a quick wink before he refocused on Everard.
“I will be head of the institute temporarily, until we find someone more suited,” he agreed. “Now Stewart, Baden and Annie go and sneak the girl away. Take her back to the manor. I will be there shortly to discuss what to do with her. The rest of you help me…deal with Amaury’s remains.”
Annie, Baden and Stewart ran out of the room rather quickly, to circumvent seeing Amaury’s lifeless body up close.
“Baden, I think you should avoid ever seeing Eli again,” Annie advised as they walked to their room. She tried to hide her fear but he could feel it. He pulled her close to try and comfort her as they made their way back.
“He will not be able to kill me,” he assured. “He has never won a fight against me…ever! Even when I was just a tracker.”
“Baden…” Annie said sternly but was cut short by something startling.
The three stood there staring at the bedroom door that sat ajar. It had not been broken into, someone had used a key. Baden pulled the key out that was still in his pocket, it was there so someone must have had a duplicate. They ran into the room and opened the secret door. Emily was gone. They ran back to Amaury’s chambers and startled everyone when they came in. They hadn’t even started dealing with the remains by the time the three of them returned.
“She is gone,” Stewart announced.
“What?” Martha asked. “How can that be?”
“I do not know but someone had a spare key…or is very good at picking an impenetrable lock,” Stewart answered.
“Well…there is not much we can do about it,” Micah reasoned.
“Can you help us with the body?” Adam asked looking almost sick at the thought of it.
Out of nowhere everyone erupted into an argument. Stewart went angry at Adam for being so insensitive and Micah stepped in to try and defend him. Martha tried to mediate but somehow it all came to blows between the boys. Everyone’s emotions were heightened from such a tense situation. Baden eventually had to step in to subdue them.
Annie used their distraction to sneak away. She had her suspicions as to who it was and she was going to confront them. She ran through the halls until she picked up the scent of who she was looking for. She ran to the courtyard to find Acacia walking in from outside the gates.
“And where have you just come back from?” Annie asked, her voice dripping with accusation.
Acacia kept walking, completely ignoring her. Annie wasn’t going to let her get off that easy so she grabbed her arm and pulled her back, moving her away from heading inside.
“Answer me!” Annie screamed.
“Nowhere!” Acacia yelled back.
“You were speaking with Emily just last night and now, after the chaos and her mysterious disappearance, you wander back in from the woods.” Annie was infuriated and barely holding back her anger. “You are pathetic.” She could feel the deceit all over her.
Acacia went to attack her but Annie was too fast. She sidestepped when Acacia lunged, subduing her by coming around the back of her and grabbing both of her arms. Annie couldn’t do anything else because their confrontation was interrupted.
“What are you doing to her? Let her go!” Jory yelled as he ran up to them.
Annie pushed Acacia away and she dramatically stumbled into Jory’s arm. Annie looked between Jory’s face, who seemed to believe every moment of Acacia’s act, and Acacia who was barely holding back her satisfied smirk.
“You are a fool, Jory!” Annie spat the words.
She turned around to storm off and saw Baden standing at the door looking rather surprised. She stormed up to him and took his hand, leading him back inside.
“You sneak off like a little child, Annie,” Baden scolded. She was too annoyed at Acacia to be irritated by his comment.
“She is guilty,” Annie said. She stormed through the institution, Baden trailing behind as they went to their room.
“Be that as it may, if you accuse them they will never admit to it,” Baden advised. Annie pulled him in through the door and slammed it, making sure she locked it.
“Then what should I do?” Annie asked in a huff.
“We need to be sneaky about it,” he reasoned. He approached her slowly, acting as if he was approaching a wild animal. It broke through her anger enough that she gave a small smile.
“You believe me?” She asked. She sounded so grateful that it almost broke his heart.
“Of course I do,” he said as he slipped his arms around her. “I trust your senses. And do not worry about Jory…you were right…he is a fool.” Baden’s obvious pleasure in saying the words made Annie laugh.
“It was unfair of me to say that,” she admitted. She actually felt bad about it.
“No,” Baden brushed it off with a silly voice as he shook his head. She laughed again at his silliness and took comfort in the fact that the man she loved believed in her.
“Please be careful,” she asked with her face buried in his chest. She had jumped back to her conversation about staying away from Eli but he knew her, so he kept up easily. He reached up and touched her hair to try and calm her a little.
“I will be more careful if it makes you feel better,” he promised. She looked up at him with gratitude in her eyes and peace in her soul. He leaned down and kissed her.
“Thank you,” she said.
Little did they know that Baden should have been the one warning Annie. Unfortunately they were about to find out why.
CHAPTER 24:

“If you only wear those pants of yours, people will start thinking you are a boy, missy,” Baden joked to Annie one night in their room. She looked beautiful in the soft light of the fire and candles scattered throughout the spacious room.
He had just come in the door after spending time with the boys. He looked a little shabby around the edges because they all had run amok in the forest, acting like oafs as they often did.
Annie looked up from the book she was reading when he came in. She was sprawled across the bed trying to look relaxed but failing. She rewarded him with a small smile at his attempt to lighten her mood.
“Everard asked me to meet him in Amaury’s chambers,” Baden told her with a roll of his eyes.
“Do I need to come?” Annie wondered, thinking she really didn’t want to talk about the difficult situation they had all been thrust into.
“I guess not,” Baden said feeling a little disheartened.
He could feel her exhaustion of the topic and it mirrored his own. He didn’t really want to have to sit there refusing Everard’s incessant questioning as to why he didn’t want to be the new head of the institution either.
“You could just not go,” Annie suggested knowing he would say no. She could already feel his reluctance.
He felt obligated to go because it would be unwise not to in such a tumultuous time. He needed to know everything that was happening at the institution so he could look after Annie and keep her safe as best he could. Other topics usually arose when he visited Everard and Baden wanted to be there for those discussions more than anything.
“Everard knows you will only say no,” she reasoned. Baden thought about it for a moment but decided against it.
“I will go this last time and that is it. I will make it clearer than clear that I refuse to be the headmaster,” Baden declared.
“Good luck with that,” Annie commented cheekily as Baden made his way back out the door. He glanced back at her and rolled his eyes before he left her to her book, closing the door quietly on his way out.
After about ten minutes of fidgety reading Annie heard someone sneaking across the courtyard. Usually she didn’t take notice of the people walking around but this person was trying to be rather discreet in their movements. She quickly put her book down and crept up to the window. She peeked out over the window sill to see Acacia making her way discreetly through the dark. She was completely cloaked in black; her black-as-night dress falling to her feet covering her black boots. She wore a long cloak and her head was covered by a black hood. She looked like nothing more than a shadow amongst the darkness.
Annie sat there perplexed as to what to do. Should she go get Baden or go after her now? She watched as Acacia left through the gates and Annie started to panic. What if Acacia was going to Emily, if she was still alive, and this was the only chance they had? Taking a brief moment to decide Annie quickly tied on her boots, opened the window when she knew Acacia wouldn’t be able to see, and jumped to the ground. She landed gracefully and without a noise.
She had thought about grabbing her vest or a jacket to try and cover herself more but decided it didn’t really matter, she would be difficult for Acacia to detect. Besides, she felt less restricted with just her light peasant shirt on. All she did was quickly tie her hair away from her face to prepare herself for the run.
As soon as Acacia hit the tree line she broke into her quickest run. Taking a quick glance around, Annie saw that the coast was clear and started after Acacia’s trail. It wasn’t hard to follow because Annie was faster than Acacia and much more astute. The only thing she had to worry about was coming upon Acacia too quickly and giving herself away.
Annie was well into the woods, darting through the trees skillfully and nimbly, when things took a turn. She was so focused on figuring out what was happening that she hadn’t thought anything was amiss, that was until she heard something drop behind her. She glanced back to see what it was but there was nothing there. But something wasn’t right…she couldn’t feel Acacia close by any more but she could feel something.
There were others.
Annie stopped a moment to try and feel what it was. In the quiet of the night she stood amongst the whispering trees, trying to hear past the cool breeze.
By the time realisation registered in her mind it was too late. She turned to run back to the institution, to Baden. Why couldn’t she have just stayed at there? If she had only listened to his advice, all those times he begged her to consider what her actions would lead to. Or even just to think of him.
But regretting her mistake as she ran wouldn’t stop what was about to happen. A loud shot echoed through the air and a chain catapulted through the forest at an alarming rate. It wrapped around one of her ankles latching onto itself tightly, causing her to fall to the ground and land on her stomach. Whatever contraption the chain was attached to, it began to drag her across the dirt as she tried to grab hold of anything close by to stop her. Giving up on that idea, she managed to move around on the ground to her back and grab at the chain on her ankle as best she could. As she was dragged along, dirt flicked into her eyes and scratched up her back, she tried to crush the chain in her strong grip but it wouldn’t break.
Now she began to panic.
She came to an abrupt stop, covered in dirt and sitting on the ground she tried to regroup. But before she could feel relief another loud bang, followed by a chain, shot through the air and latched onto her one free leg. She clawed desperately at the chains, this time her eyes watered with tears of fear. What had her stupid choices gotten her into? Again that dreadful sound, but this time it was two shots followed by chains. Now both of her wrists were captured.
Whoever, or whatever was on the other ends pulled her restraints tighter. In one fluid movement she was painfully wrenched off the ground and was standing straight from the sheer force of the tension the chains created. Each chain was being held at the end by something so Annie pulled at one of her wrist chains to find out what it was. After she pulled back with great force, a moment later she heard numerous men heaving to hold onto her.
Trackers.
Annie’s heart started racing faster as she realised that she was in real trouble. She tried with all her might to break the chains but it wasn’t working. They did nothing but push into her skin making her bleed.
Suddenly she realised that the chains must have been made of the same material that was used to protect the institution. She recalled that Amaury had told her that some of the metal had gone missing not long ago. But the trackers wouldn’t have been able to get in without being noticed. How did they manage it?
Before she could finish her thoughts, four trackers came out of the trees and approached her cautiously. They were all dressed head to foot in black, nothing but their faces showing. Her arms were stretched out like she was being crucified and she felt exposed and weak because of it. But she could feel they were fearful and decided to try and use it against them.
“I will kill you if you come any closer,” she lied. They paused instantly and silently looked at each other trying to decide what to do.
She would probably be more convincing if she wasn’t restrained whilst threatening them. If the chains were tied to trees she would easily be able to break the trunks and at least try and run, maybe even use them to her advantage to injure some of them. But five trackers held her on each chain and the resistance they created by pulling against each other was too great for Annie to pull against.
“She will not kill anyone,” Acacia announced confidently as she walked out of the trees. She removed her black hood ominously, looking like the devil himself. Annie took a moment as she pieced it all together.
“You stole the metal from the institution,” Annie accused. She thought Acacia was low but she couldn’t believe this.
“And I helped to kill Amaury,” Acacia added proudly. “Your point being?” Her heartlessness shone through without wavering.
“Why?” Annie asked, looking at her with disgust. “Just so I would not be around Jory?” She took a guess.
“That may have been an incentive but this was not my plan,” Acacia informed. “You are one highly sought after snatcher and I gave you to the highest bidder.”
“And what do you get in return for betraying your own kind?” Annie couldn’t believe how deep Acacia’s deceit ran.
“I have been ensured immunity from the trackers.” Acacia seemed rather satisfied with herself but even more, she was in complete rapture over Annie’s imprisonment.
Annie thought Acacia foolish to trust the trackers. They had already proved themselves willing to do anything by even making a deal with a snatcher. Who says they wouldn’t just turn on her?
Annie watched Acacia as she sauntered over to her smugly. A wicked grin slid onto her face and hatred oozed off her as she walked up to Annie. A glint of chromium in the moon light caught Annie’s attention and she saw a dagger in Acacia’s hand.
“That will not kill me,” Annie hissed.
“It may not kill you but it will help to subdue you,” Acacia said with satisfaction.
She started to approach Annie now with fervor. She held the dagger tightly, all the while keeping her eyes locked with Annie’s. As Acacia violently stabbed the dagger right into her heart, the bane reacted instantly and began rushing straight to the wound. It burned hotter than anything Annie had ever felt before and was so painful she could hardly take in air. Standing there, Acacia took a moment to look her right in the eyes before she twisted the dagger further in, ensuring it pierced right through the muscle.
Annie held back the scream she wanted to let out, she wasn’t going to give her the satisfaction of seeing her pain. Acacia cocked an eyebrow as if she was impressed by the bravery before turning away, leaving the dagger in place.
“You can tie her up now,” Acacia yelled to the trackers. Then she left them to their work, vanishing into the night.
The trackers holding onto the chains that were tied to Annie’s legs pulled hard so she fell onto her back. She fell so hard that she felt her tailbone break. Trying to hold back her pain she clenched her fists but she couldn’t hold back her tears. Tears from not only the physical pain but from the fact she had been so stupid to follow Acacia. Now Baden didn’t know where she was and she had no idea where she was going.
The trackers cautiously came over and used more of the special metal, which had been crafted into very short-chained manacles, to bind her legs tightly together. They sat her up and bound her wrists behind her back, being non-too gentle. After she was cuffed they removed the original chains used to restrain her. One of the trackers close by noticed that Annie was crying and paused for a moment. She felt his compassion but she didn’t care because it wasn’t enough for him to stop what was happening.
She heard a carriage make its way slowly through the thick trees towards them. It stopped close by and four trackers picked her up by her arms and legs to carry her. She was facing the sky as they moved her causing her tears to fall down the sides of her face, into her hair and onto the ground. Every tear that fell sounded like a gavel hitting the ground to her ears. Each drop a measurement of one moment closer to being taken far away from Baden…far away from home.
They brought her to the open door of the carriage, practically throwing her in onto the floor of it. Two trackers jumped in and pulled her up so she was leaning against one of the walls, latching her to the back of the carriage with more chains. There were no seats, it was just a hollow box coated to be almost sound proof and impenetrable by any snatcher other than Baden. Annie was silent through the whole encounter, she didn’t even protest when a tracker jumped in the back with her.
“She will be no trouble, Edward,” A gruff sounding man assured the accompanying tracker before he slammed the door shut, bolting it closed.
At least this young man named, ‘Edward’ was the one who had felt compassion for her. He sat on the opposite wall to her, his back facing where the driver would be sitting on the outside. There was one very small window covered with bars situated above their heads that let in a faint glow of moonlight, not that she needed it to see. The carriage was still quite soundproof despite the opening. She sat there silently in pain as she felt her tailbone mending. Her heart burned as it tried to mend with the dagger pierced through it but it couldn’t do its job. At this stage her heart felt like it was literally on fire.
Annie’s tears were a silent, pain filled stream as they fell down her cheeks. She had been looking off to the side, avoiding Edward’s gaze but the more time that passed the more compassion her felt for her and it started to annoy her.
“Do not sit there and feel compassion for me when there are things you can do to alleviate my pain, Edward,” Annie said quietly. Her voice was hoarse and filled with sadness. She didn’t care about sounding kind at this stage.
She looked over to him because she heard him open his mouth to say something but then he stopped. He was a young man, probably her age, with mousey hair and brown eyes. He was dressed all in black as the other trackers were. He was well built and had a stern set to his jaw but soft features to contrast, making him seem young. Maybe he was young? His face reminded her of Adam’s and it made her sad.
He started to move towards her but because she was restrained she couldn’t try to stop him. He kneeled close down beside her and reached his hand towards the dagger, holding onto it lightly. He looked into her eyes and she just watched him.
“I am sorry if this hurts,” he said quietly. His voice was deep and gentle.
Being as tender as he could, he pulled the dagger out of her heart. She watched him in silence, her tears continuing as his kindness washed over her. He moved back over to his side of the carriage, holding the dagger covered in her blood that now stained his hands.
Her shirt was covered in dirt and blood and now had a hole where her heart was. But she didn’t care at the moment, all she cared about was the relief she felt in her chest.
“Thank you,” she whispered gratefully.
They travelled together in silence for a time. Her wounds had healed well enough but she was still feeling weak. She could feel Edward’s emotions playing through him and she decided that she couldn’t keep silent any longer.
“If you are so conflicted about being a tracker then why do you not just leave and live for yourself?” Annie asked him. He looked at her strangely for a moment.
“How do you know what I am feeling?” He asked, avoiding having to answer. She didn’t want to give herself away so she dulled her answer down.
“I am good at reading people,” she said.
“It is not as simple as that,” he reasoned. This was the first time he had been abrupt with her.
“We all feel that we are bound by something but there is always a way out,” Annie reasoned. She felt his defensiveness creep up and she realised that she was intruding on this man’s private feelings so she decided to reign her senses back in.
“What about those chains?” He asked sharply to try and distract the conversation from himself. “There seems to be no way out for you.” She looked down at her restrictions and sighed.
“There does seem to be no way out…” She glanced up at him when she decided to try her luck. “Or is there?” He saw her meaning and shifted in his seat a little, as if he was wrestling between helping and denying her.
“I will not let you go,” he refused her implied idea.
“I will leave without hurting anyone…I can get you away from here,” she bargained. She could feel the idea start to sink in but he quickly pushed it away.
“They warned us about you,” he said bluntly, almost as if to remind himself.
“Who warned you?” She asked, thinking the conversation was getting a little more intriguing.
“The head trackers,” Edward confessed.
Annie rolled her eyes and could see where this was going. Now she thought the conversation was just getting ridiculous.
“And what did they ‘warn you’ of?” Her pain was fading fast and she was starting to feel annoyed more than anything.
“They said you were a temptress who could lure anyone into her snare.” He sounded like he was trying to convince himself that it was true. “Look at what you have done to Eli!”
“Eli’s path is one that I have been trying to avoid for a long time now,” Annie defended herself. “I just want to be left in peace!” She couldn’t believe that rumors were starting to spread about her like this.
“And what of Baden?” He asked. “How could someone tame a creature like him?” Annie shook her head in shock and disbelief.
“Fine, believe what you want!” She couldn’t be bothered with this anymore. “But if I am the temptress you say I am then why have I not tempted you to unlock me from these chains?”
“You tried,” he reasoned, thinking himself smart for catching her out.
“But if I was the temptress they say I am I could have convinced you, could I not?” She argued.
He didn’t have an answer for her then. But when he started to feel himself reason as to why he should let her go, it brought him back around to the reasoning that she must be a temptress. He went to say something but the carriage lurched to a stop.
The door flew open and a plethora of trackers jumped in to get her out of the small space. There were so many there as a precaution in case she had escaped whilst in the carriage. With one last glance at Edward, a pained look sweeping across his face, a black velvet bag was slipped over her head so she couldn’t see.
He watched as only a select few of the profusion of trackers carried Annie off into the dark woods to a secret location. He couldn’t help but wonder to himself if he would ever see her again.

CHAPTER 25:

Annie was taken into a small cottage and laid on the wooden floor. Her face was still covered but she heard the trackers leave. They rode away on horses that must have been waiting for them. She could hear voices and footsteps approaching. She felt vulnerable not being able to see and it was making her antsy. She wriggled her hands from behind her back, under her feet and to the front of her so at least she had a better chance of defending herself.
“I do not think this a good idea,” a stranger’s voice advised. The man sounded older and his tone was cautious. “Jory will be furious.”
“Ethan,” Eli said with warning behind his tone. The man named Ethan left silently after that. The door creaked opened and she heard footsteps approach.
Eli wordlessly lifted off the velvet bag over Annie’s head and picked her up off the hard, wooden floor. He gently placed her on a soft chair but kept her shackled, both her hands and her feet. The room was bare of anything other than two arm chairs, including the one she sat on.
A small window sat on the back wall but showed nothing but trees as far as the eye could see, and it wasn’t an area Annie recognised at all.
She looked at him with a steely gaze as he pulled the other chair close to hers and took a seat. He clasped her hands in his but she pulled away angrily. He looked down at her shirt covered in blood and torn and it annoyed her that he felt concern.
“Annie, you may be angry with me at the minute but I have brought you here for your own protection.” Eli spoke in a casual tone, as if it was perfectly fine that he had just had her abducted by his cronies.
“More like, for your own good,” Annie accused.
“Some dangerous things are about to happen and I did not want you to be near any of it,” Eli informed.
Annie realised what he was talking about and she started to pull at the chains restricting her. When she couldn’t get free she screamed in frustration.
“Let me out of here, Eli! I swear if you touch any of them, especially Baden you will have me to deal with,” she yelled at him. Eli pushed his chair back in fury and started pacing the room.
“You are being stupid, Annie!” He spoke trying to hold back his anger but it was still noticeable. “You would be foolish enough to die for someone like him?”
“I would give my own life for him!” Annie couldn’t take it anymore, she stood up and started trying to wriggle out of her confines. Eli rushed over to her and restrained her from being able to do so, holding her close against him so she couldn’t move.
“Annie,” he said her name gently. “Please just listen to me for once.”
“Will you not just listen to me?” She reasoned.
He stood there watching her and suddenly she felt his feelings start to trickle into her. They made her uncomfortable and she tried to pull away from him.
“I thought you could not stand the sight of me any longer, since I became a snatcher?” She snapped. The words broke him out of his distraction and he pushed away from her in disgust.
“Count yourself lucky to be alive,” Eli barked at her then he left the room. He locked the door behind him and stormed away in a huff.
Annie sat back down on the seat and closed her eyes in despair. The scarcely furnished room mirrored her soul. Nothing but two arms chairs, one window and a locked door; empty and stuck. The chains were her only companion.
She looked around the room trying desperately to think of something to save Baden. The trackers were planning to kill the one she loved and there was nothing she could do about it. Tears fell from her eyes as she tried to think of anything to save him.
Back at the institution Baden had been arguing with Everard for hours. Everyone else was there and getting pretty tired of hearing the same thing being argued. He finally got the point across that he never wanted to be the head of the institution and would not discuss it any further. After the heated discussion Baden, Adam and Stewart started to make their way back to Baden’s room but when they got close he paused.
“Is something wrong?” Stewart asked as he came walking up the hall towards him, Adam close behind. He had been walking ahead of the others and they took a minute to catch up.
“Annie is not in the room,” Baden said rushing into the room. The boys came in behind him but didn’t understand the urgency.
“She is probably just somewhere else in the institution,” Adam reasoned.
Baden tried to fend off his panic as he looked over the room for clues. The window was open but nothing was broken.
“We will help you look,” Stewart offered calmly after seeing the genuine worry in Baden’s eyes. “We will split up then meet in Amaury’s chambers once we are done.”
Baden was out of the room and running through the halls before he even answered. Adam and Stewart separated and picked up Micah and Jory’s help along the way. When the entire grounds of the institution had been searched they all met back in Amaury’s chambers, where they found Everard and Martha talking. Everard stood up from behind the desk when everyone burst through the door.
“Annie is gone,” Baden said urgently.
“That is to say, she cannot be found,” Stewart interjected. He didn’t want everyone to start panicking prematurely.
“She is gone and we must find her,” Baden demanded. He was starting to lose it again. This could not be happening.
“Does anyone have any idea where she might be?” Everard asked the group. Everyone looked around to each other and started to shake their heads.
“Maybe she went back to the manor?” Martha suggested.
“I will go back and check,” Micah said. He shot out the door as soon as he had Baden’s nod of approval.
Baden would have gone back there himself but he didn’t truly believe Annie would be there. She would have told him if she was going to leave.
“She may just be off on a run,” Jory suggested. He was trying to hold back his own fear.
“Oh, Everard!” Acacia yelled as she came running up the hall into Amaury’s chambers. She had changed from her black clothes to an ordinary day dress.
She burst into the room and her presence was like a stench to Baden, he wasn’t sure if it was just because Annie didn’t think too highly of her or his own dislike, but either way she annoyed him.
“Acacia, what is it?” Everard asked as patiently as he could. He knew Acacia could lean towards the dramatic side and he didn’t have time for it at the moment.
“It is Annie!” She said and everyone looked at her confused. “I saw her outside the gates…she ran off!” Acacia tried to sound distressed but she only pulled off mildly deranged.
“Where to?” Baden asked. There was something about Acacia that wasn’t right.
Baden tried to feel the truth in her words and there seemed to be snippets of it but it was mixed with dishonesty as well. It was hard because she was altogether out of control of her emotions and somewhat unbalanced, so getting a reading of her was more difficult. Acacia looked over at him and she tried her best to seem sad.
“She ran off with… Eli.” Her words brought a silence over the crowd.
“You are mistaken,” Jory insisted. “She would choose me over that man. There has been a mistake.”
Baden looked at him irritated by the comment but there was some sense to it. Acacia was annoyed that Jory was jealous and it spurred on her lies.
“No I am not!” She insisted. “They kissed passionately and left hand in hand.”
“But she has not had anything to do with Eli in so long,” Stewart reasoned.
Baden thought back to when Annie had gone to see someone before they had left for the institution. He didn’t know who she had been to see but he had suspected it was Eli. She had been upset but wouldn’t tell him why. She had been mostly angry but there had been regret and sadness in her too and he had no idea why she had burned her dress. Was it to cover something up?
His fears started to concoct all sorts of stories about the unknown; that she had been crying because Eli said he didn’t want to be with her but maybe now had changed his mind. She had an affair with him and burned the dress to cover the smell of him on her, then crying because she felt guilty for secretly planning to leave? Or maybe she had been upset because she was going to have to leave behind all of her friends to be with Eli. The list of tales was endless as the possibilities swam around in his mind. Acacia could see the seed of doubt in Baden’s eyes and latched onto it.
“Who knows,” Acacia said. “Maybe she was the one who helped to kill Amaury?”
Those words snapped Baden out of his thoughts completely. If there was one thing he knew about Annie, it was that she was good. Her leaving him could have been possible because why wouldn’t she leave a brute like him? But her killing Amaury, it was practically impossible for Annie.
All of the lies he was missing before started to show themselves in Acacia but he kept up his act, as if he doubted Annie. It felt wrong to do so but he didn’t want to give anything away to Acacia. He stormed out of the room and everyone stood there aghast at what was happening. Why hadn’t Baden defended Annie?
“But…” Jory said before stopping short. He looked around at everyone then ran off after Baden. He refused to not get answers.
Jory found him in his room, looking at the open window very closely. Jory closed the door and locked it.
“You do not think that she ran off with him do you?” Jory asked with disgust evident in his voice.
Baden glanced back and shot a warning look Jory’s way, again his insinuation that even he would have been the choice above Eli irritated him. Jory could see he should shut his mouth so he went over and joined the inspection of the window not knowing what he was even looking for.
“Shh!” Baden said looking around the room. “We do not know who is listening,” he whispered.
“Who do you think is behind all of the strangeness?” Jory whispered.
“That is what we need to find out,” Baden answered as he studied the window.
The only reason he wasn’t in an all-out panic was because Annie couldn’t die or be changed by someone other than him, so at least he had the chance to find her. No matter how long it might take.
“You have a plan?” Jory asked quietly.
“Yes and you are going to be an integral part of it,” Baden said, concentrating hard for a moment.
“Tell me,” Jory pleaded.
“Let us leave the grounds so we can talk more openly,” Baden suggested. He looked Jory up and down quickly. “And dress in something more discreet.”
Baden threw on a black coat that covered his white shirt, paired with his dark trousers and boots meant that he was ready to go. Jory had to duck back to his room and change into a more comfortable pair of shoes and dress in darker attire, taking his cue from Baden.
Baden was the first to leave and Jory snuck around the back way so no one would connect the two together. They met up in the woods quite a fair distance away from the institution. When he finally saw Baden waiting for him, he slowed from a run to a walk.
“What is the plan?” Jory asked.
But before Baden could even think of answering he heard someone off in the distance. Suddenly he began running away, completely ignoring the question. Jory followed but could only run so fast, he was behind when he spotted Micah running along the path they were headed for. He was running back from the manor.
“Baden?” Micah asked coming to a stop when he saw him.
He was completely surprised to see him, he had no idea what Baden was doing running in the woods alone. Then Jory came running up behind him and he was even more confused.
“Annie was not at the manor,” Micah informed them sadly when they were all standing together on the path. He looked around as if that would help him understand why the two of them were so far away from the institution.
“We know,” Baden said brushing off the information. “We need you to help us with something.”
“Anything,” Micah agreed willingly.
“Good. Follow me,” Baden instructed.
With that the boys were off to concoct a plan to start the journey of finding Annie, wherever she might be.

CHAPTER 26:

One night Annie sat silently in the room that was now her prison. She counted that it had been three days since she had been taken. Eli hadn’t come back since the first night and she had tried everything she could to escape but the chains really were unbreakable. The only visitors she had were trackers that came to imprison her further with even more chains. Whenever any of them came into the room they would be in a group but when she was left in the room alone there was usually only one person guarding her outside cottage, as there was tonight. Or on random occasions there might be two guards. And there was always a change over at the same time after doing so many laps of the grounds. She suspected they were trying to keep the location as clandestine as possible.
The chair she was sitting on had been changed to one made from the special metal. It was a basic design with four legs, thin arms and a fairly high back. Eli must not have been pleased with their encounter if the comfortableness of the chair was anything to go by. It was bolted through the wooden floor to struts that must have been made from the same metal, considering she couldn’t do anything to budge the chair from the spot it was in. The chains that were wrapped around her torso were absolutely frustrating, holding her back against the chair in an uncomfortable position. She had separate clasps that held her wrists and her ankles firmly to the chair itself.
They were going a bit overboard, weren’t they? She wasn’t sure how long she could take this. They could at least give her a book.
Suddenly she heard someone approaching and she turned her head to one side to try and listen more carefully. They were headed directly towards her. It didn’t sound like Eli’s footsteps either. Before she could try and guess who it was the person creaked open the door which she was facing.
An older looking gentleman walked into the room. It wasn’t that he looked old, in fact he looked in his mid-thirties. It was just that he seemed old, like he should really be in his sixties or something. He had snuck around the guard outside and closed the door quietly, he was very stealthy. Even though she might feel afraid of him given her vulnerable state she didn’t, his intentions didn’t feel sinister.
As he came in closer she couldn’t help but think that his face looked so familiar but she was sure she had never met or even seen this man before. His green eyes and tan skin looked like someone…
“So,” the man said. His voice was smooth and calm. “I hear that my son is in love with you.”
Annie tried to think for a moment but no one came to mind. Everyone who she knew that had feelings for her, their parents had passed away decades ago. That was except for Jory’s father…she looked up at him and realised that’s where she recognized his face from. He reminded her of Jory. She swallowed hard as the man looked down at her, the man who had killed his own wife.
His face looked so much more kind than she would have expected. His attire was humble; he wore nothing but a dressed-down suit, just as a tracker would be told to wear. It was inconspicuous and not inhibiting in any way.
“My name is Ethan Avaline,” he introduced himself. “I am Jory’s father.” Annie nodded and he crouched close beside her.
“My name is Annie Belle,” she said feeling obliged to introduce herself.
“I am well aware of who you are,” he said with a smile. He leaned his elbow on his bent knee and used his hand to lean his chin on as he observed her.
“Where is Eli?” She wondered, starting to feel uncomfortable.
“He has left me here whilst he attends to something,” Ethan answered, leaning forward intently. “It is time for us to get you out of here.” His words took a moment to register but when they did she couldn’t help the look of surprise that came across her face.
“Really?” She asked with a huge grin. He simply nodded and came closer to her, taking the chains in his hands. He looked at them closely. “I do not think that you will be able to break them. Not even I can,” she said with dismay.
“I see,” he noted quietly. He looked up at her with a small smile. “I will be back.” He ran out of the room and came back with an iron ring holding many keys on it.
She smiled with delight as he came closer and started to use each key in the locks to test which one would work. When he was about half way through testing the keys she started to have her doubts.
“Why are you helping me?” She asked, looking at him suspiciously. He paused what he was doing and looked up at her.
“I am not sure what you have been told about me but trust me when I tell you, I honestly want to help you,” he assured. She could feel the truth in his words and started to wonder further about him.
“How could you do it?” She looked at him almost heartbroken for Jory. “How could you take away his family like that?” It was completely rude of her to ask such a thing but she couldn’t help it, she wanted to know.
Ethan took in a long breath in and she couldn’t feel his remorse at all. In fact it was almost like there was no pain there at all when he thought of his wife.
“Some things are not what they seem,” he said obscurely as he went back to trying to free her. After he had tried every key he tried them all again.
“None of them work, do they?” She asked and he looked up at her disheartened. “You did what you could.” Her voice almost caught with those words, knowing she was stuck even when someone was trying to help her.
Ethan stood up seeming rather frustrated at the predicament. He thought for a moment before he ran out of the room to place the keys back. He was back in the room quickly to devise a new idea.
“I will go to the institution and tell them where you are,” he decided.
“They will kill you on sight!” Annie panicked at his line of thinking.
“I will have to take that risk,” he argued.
“The trackers will know you have betrayed them,” she tried to reason with him.
“Even so.” He seemed decided on it, stubborn just like Jory.
“You need to think about this!” Annie’s voice was high pitched in her stress.
“What else is there to do?” He asked. He paced around trying to think of something.
There was quiet in the room, other than Ethan’s footsteps. Their escape plans had come to a standstill and they both knew it. Annie watched him as he tried to think of another way. His determination resonated through his soul.
“You remind me of him,” she said gently as he came to a standstill. He looked at her and softness filled his expression. “He looks just like you…and his soul feels like yours does.”
“My soul?” Ethan was confused as to how she knew that.
“It is too long a story,” she said with a small smile. “But you would be so proud of who he is. He is a beautiful man, so loyal and so kind.” Ethan’s soul filled with pride and his eyes welled with tears.
“He sounds like his mother,” he said affectionately. Again there was no sadness in his soul when he thought of her and it didn’t make sense to Annie.
“I should take something of yours so they know I am telling the truth,” he suggested, changing the subject abruptly. It distracted Annie enough that she forgot to follow the trail of thought she had been on.
“Baden will be able to tell if you are lying or not,” she assured. As long as he gave Ethan a moment to speak.
“And if I do not get a chance to speak with Baden?” Ethan’s words were sobering. He might not even get a chance to speak to anyone before he was killed. He was risking his life for her.
“Why are you doing this?” She asked, trying to understand his reasoning.
“I do not want Jory to lose his love…even if she does not love him back.” His words were humble, honest and loving and they hurt Annie to hear.
She looked down at her hands feeling ashamed of the situation she had put his son in and by doing so she saw her engagement ring.
“Take this,” she said holding her hand out as best she could. “They will know it is mine.”
It was the only thing she was wearing that could be taken off her whilst keeping her decent. Ethan took the ring off her finger gently and held onto it as if he would protect it with his life.
“I will be back for you,” he promised. Then he turned to leave.
“Ethan,” she called out to him. He turned to her and waited for her to speak. “Please be careful…for Jory if for anyone,” she asked.
He nodded slowly and could see why his son loved Annie, he wished there was something he could do to bring them together. With a small smile of reassurance he left, heading towards the institution and hoping he could make it through without being killed.
Half an hour after Ethan had left, Annie heard Eli come back. He had not come into the room since the first night but she could hear him coming towards the room now. He stumbled through the door and fell on the ground. She would have been worried if he wasn’t laughing.
“Eli?” Annie said in confusion.
Eli was still laughing as he stumbled to his feet. He was dressed in a fine suit which was now in disarray, as if he had been out to a social occasion then gotten into a fight. He fell back against the door and slammed it closed accidently. Then she realised she could smell alcohol on him.
“Are you drunk?” She questioned though she really didn’t have to because it was obvious that he was.
“Are you?” He asked as he staggered towards her. He ran into the only other chair in the room then kicked it out of the way in annoyance.
“I can see you spend your time wisely these days,” she said sarcastically.
“This is your fault!” He declared, falling at her feet.
She tried to move away from him but was stopped abruptly by the chains. She rolled her eyes at herself as the bizarre encounter with Eli had made her forget she was tied up.
“I cannot wait to hear how that makes sense to you,” she said under her breath.
Eli pulled himself up to his knees, using the armrest on her chair and looked up at her from his place on the floor.
“I do not drunk…uh, drink but you make me need to.” His words were slurred and mixed with the feeling of sadness. He rested his face on his arm and closed his eyes. “You made me love you…then you just left.”
“For a moment I thought you were a grown man who could make decisions for himself,” she said harshly.
“You make me so, you force me” he said incoherently, his face still resting on his arm.
“I am sure I did not force your hand when you stabbed me through the heart in an attempt to kill me.” She couldn’t be bothered with his gibberish but she didn’t have much choice except to endure it.
Eli looked up, pulling himself closer to her and watched her with a soft expression. It was almost like he sobered instantly with her words. She watched as his eyes roamed her face and he let himself feel the heartache he had been battling.
“I am sorry,” he whispered. His eyes became cloudy with tears as he looked at her with remorse. “I thought that when you were turned I would stop loving you.” His voice was so broken that it hurt Annie. She had to try and swallow back her own pain. “When you walked in and I saw what you had become I still loved you. It made me want to die.”
“Eli, you do not know what you are saying.” She wanted him to leave, she couldn’t take his aching heart any longer.
“You are still you, even though you are changed,” he admitted. He slumped down in defeat before looking up at her with admiration. “You are still good.”
And suddenly an idea struck her, she could use his honesty in drunkenness to convince him to let her go and get him to change his plan.
“Eli, so many of us are good,” she reasoned. She moved her face closer to his so he could see her urgency. He leaned his hands on her legs and looked into her pleading eyes. “Do not hurt them,” she implored.
“Was there ever any part of you that loved me?” He asked, almost desperate for the answer.
“Listen to me,” she said angrily. She was almost frantic now.
“Listen to me,” he said back just as heatedly. “I need to know because I think of you every day.”
He placed his hands on both sides of her face and looked at her. His love for her was almost suffocating and his pain was drenching her. She realised what she could give to save the ones she loved. She could give herself.
“There was once a part of me that wanted you,” she admitted honestly. “And if you do not hurt my friends or…anyone at the institution then…I will stay with you.” The words almost choked her on their way out. She had to stop this war between the trackers and snatchers otherwise it was going to get out of control.
Eli looked at her as if he were daft. He took his hands away and moved away from her. Would he give up everything he believed in to be with her, to have Annie?
“You would do that?” He asked. “You would do that for the others?”
She didn’t know what to say. If she knew him like she used to then he would need to think that she wanted him, wanted to stay with him. So she would have to lie. She looked down at her bare finger feeing the weight of the ring, feeling the life that she was going to have with Baden stolen away.
“I want to be with you,” she whispered, trying to hold back tears. Eli mistook the tears to be ones she was shedding for him, which is what she wanted him to think. “I do not want to be amongst them anymore.” She looked up at him and she could feel his hope rising. “I want to be with you.”
He walked over to her slowly. He leaned in closer to her, so their faces were almost touching. He was going to kiss her. This was her test, to prove that she wanted him. Hiding her disgust at the thought she leaned in a little closer. She could feel his breath on her lips and his desire for her was a storm within his soul. His drunkenness and delusional hope that she wanted him covered his logical reasoning that she didn’t want him at all, in any way.
A knock at the door sounded and Eli clenched his jaw in frustration.
“Come back later,” he said angrily to whoever it was behind the door.
“Sir, it is important!” Edward called through the door. Eli marched over to the door to find a panicked Edward.
“What is it?” Eli yelled.
“It is Ethan…he is gone,” Edward informed.
Annie’s heart started racing as Eli’s soul began putting the pieces together. He looked back to her and his heart broke once again as he realised that she was just using him.
Eli stormed out of the room and stood there staring at Annie. She looked at him pleadingly, holding out her hands as far as she could to show her shackles. Help me, she mouthed.
“Edward!” Eli called out to him. He jumped in surprise and mouthed a quick sorry before he closed and locked the door again.
Annie sunk back down into her chair in defeat. She had been so close to getting free.

CHAPTER 27:

The next afternoon Jory sat in Acacia’s room, waiting for her to come back. He had been spending more time with her over the past few days. She came in and he greeted her with a huge grin.
She was dressed in a lightly coloured day dress and it mirrored the happiness in her soul. She knew that as soon as Annie was out of the way he would want her and she could have the life she always wanted, a life with Jory. She gave him a smile in return and took in the sight of him, handsome in a fine suit.
“Hello,” he said as he stood and went over to her. He pulled her close into his arms and she looked rather pleased by it.
“You are so familiar with me these days,” she said happily. She wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned closer into him.
“I know,” he said. “It is like I have been freed.”
“Freed?” She asked thinking it was a strange way to express how he felt.
“Ever since Annie left it feels like I can move on,” he explained. “It was as if she stood in the way of me seeing others that were right in front of me,” he said meaningfully. “In fact, I am so impressed with Eli for being able to steal her away. I do not think anyone else could have done it.”
Acacia’s prideful nature flared up at the thought of Eli getting the credit she deserved for tricking Annie.
“Are you really glad that she is gone?” Acacia asked, sneaking her face closer to his. Jory smiled and leaned in even closer to her.
“I am overjoyed,” he whispered his sweet breath into her mouth.
“Would you like to know a secret?” She offered mischievously. He pulled her closer, griping her waist excitedly.
“What?” he asked. She leaned in to whisper in his ear.
“I lured Annie into a trap, I am the one who got rid of her,” she admitted proudly.
Acacia had always been a little off balance so naturally she had thrown logic out the window when it came to Jory and his sudden dislike of Annie. Seeing only what she wanted to see rather than what was really happening. Why on earth would his feelings for her just change now, when Annie had already chosen someone else over him and he still loved her?
“How?” Jory asked.
But Acacia heard something change in his voice and he knew he had given himself away. He had accidentally let the disgust he really felt towards her show. He had been doing well at masking it but now she had confirmed what she had done to Annie, he couldn’t help but show it.
Acacia’s face turned into a fury of rage but he was too quick for her. He grabbed both her arms, spun her around and pinned her from behind against the wall. Baden burst into the room with Micah, both holding chromium chords. She screamed and struggled as Jory pushed her hard into the wall.
“Start talking, Acacia,” Baden yelled.
She managed to kick against the wall and push Jory back, freeing herself from his hold. She punched him across the face, pushing him onto the ground and made a run for it. She was about to jump out the window but Baden was too fast. He grabbed her by the back of her hair with one hand and wrenched her back inside the room, throwing her to the floor.
She was strewn along the ground and Micah jumped on top of her, pushing her face into the rug. Jory grabbed the chromium chord from Baden and ran over to help Micah. He started tying her feet together, trying to work around the fact that she was kicking and screaming. Micah went to tying her hands together. When she was restrained the boys jumped away from her, out of breath from the effort it took. Jory wiped his lips clean of the blood where she had managed to kick him whilst he tied her.
“Time to tell,” Baden said as he grabbed her hair again, pulling her head back violently.
She spat right in his face, which was a good way to piss him off more than he already was. He pulled her off the ground by the scruff of her neck and threw her in a nearby chair. The chair scraped along the floor from the impact.
“She cannot tell us anything if she is dead,” Jory reasoned as Baden wiped his face clean of her spit.
“Half dead snatchers can still talk,” Baden answered. Micah and Jory looked at each other warily.
“I would rather die than tell you where Annie is,” Acacia screamed. “I hope they kill that whore and be done with it!” Baden started towards her with nothing but murder on his mind and the boys jumped on him.
“Think about Annie, Baden!” Micah yelled when he realised they weren’t doing anything to hold him back.
“Acacia is the only way for us to find her,” Jory added. Baden stopped in his tracks and the boys waited a moment then moved away, seeing he had controlled himself.
“Tracker!” They heard a snatcher on guard yell from the courtyard.
The boys looked at each other in confusion until they realised what that meant. There could be another attack on the way.
They ran out of the room, Baden locking every exit before they left. They ran to the courtyard and found a large crowd of snatchers gathering around in a circle staring at something. Baden and the others pushed through the crowd just enough to see that a tracker had been caught. He was kneeling down, hands tied behind his back. His head was covered with a black cloth which was pulled back enough to expose his neck. A snatcher was poised with a sword to strike him and another one was ready with a dagger. Everard was nowhere to be seen in the chaos but one thing was for sure, he would not allow this.
Something glinted in Baden’s eye and he moved around the crowd to get a better look. He peered down to see Annie’s ring sitting half way down the man’s pinkie finger. Realising that this tracker might know where to find Annie, he burst through the crowd and into the middle where the execution was taking place.
“Wait!” Baden yelled as the snatcher dropped his blade.
He was fast but Baden was faster. He grabbed the blade out of the snatcher’s hand, kicking him away from the tracker. Then he had to turn and grab the dagger that was thrust towards the tracker, heading straight for his heart. Baden caught it just as the point pierced his shirt. He pushed the snatcher away and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that the tracker was still alive. He pulled the cloth from around his face and when Baden saw him he took another few glances.
“Jory…I think this man is related to you in some way,” Baden called out.
Jory came over and looked down to see a face that resembled his looking up at him. Ethan was squinting from readjusting to the sun and breathing heavily from almost losing his life. But seeing his son reassured him that the risk was worth it.
“Who are you?” Jory asked, hoping for it not to be who he thought it was.
“Jory…” Ethan sighed heavily. “I am your father.”
This revelation was met with nothing but silence amongst the crowd and one at a time, the snatchers that didn’t need to be there started to leave.
Jory stood there aghast at the return of his father. He felt nothing but sickened and disgraced by his father’s presence and what made it worse was that he looked so much like him. It made Jory feel dirty.
“This is all getting more complicated by the minute,” Micah grumbled quietly from behind them.
Baden glanced back shaking his head, now really wasn’t the time for whining. With an awkward, apologetic smile from Micah, Baden faced back around to the situation unfolding. Jory stood there frozen in shock.
“Out of the way,” Everard demanded as he pushed through the fading crowd. When he broke into the inner circle he froze as Jory had. “Ethan!” Everard gasped. He untied his hands as quickly as he could.
He helped the man up that he remembered from years ago, he hadn’t changed a bit. He had only seen him once when he had come to their house after the tragedy with Jory’s mother occurred. But you don’t forget a face behind a story like that.
“Everyone back inside and out of the way!” Everard demanded, leading Ethan away.
Baden and Micah followed them inside but Jory didn’t. He couldn’t stand the thought of seeing his father after what he had done to their family.
Soon enough everyone was in Amaury’s chambers, everyone except for Jory that is. Adam, Stewart and Micah stood there staring at Ethan as if they had never seen a man before. Baden was looking anxious, Martha was looking distressed and Everard wasn’t looking much better.
“Are you Baden?” Ethan asked. Baden merely nodded. Ethan pulled the ring off his finger and handed it to him. “Annie gave this to me so I would be recognised.” Baden looked at it closely, as if he would be able to see Annie in it.
“Why are you here?” Everard asked.
“I have come to show you where Annie is,” Ethan explained. “She has been taken by the trackers and held as collateral.”
“Why should we believe you?” Adam called out.
“He is telling the truth,” Baden said. He could feel Ethan’s honesty and that he genuinely wanted to help them.
“What do you mean ‘collateral’?” Stewart wondered. “Do they want something from us?” Ethan looked hesitant to tell them. He looked at Baden meaningfully.
“You must hear me out before you do anything,” he said and Baden just nodded. “They want to trade her for Baden.” Baden was walking towards the door before anyone could stop him.
“Do not be so rash!” Stewart said, stepping in front of him.
“Get out of my way!” Baden growled.
“You do not even know where she is yet!” Micah reasoned. Baden turned to Ethan expectantly.
“I am going to lead you all there once a plan is in place,” he advised.
“Tell me where she is,” Baden demanded.
“No,” Ethan refused. “And I specifically did not tell you where she was because I knew you would go storming off like a crazy person and get yourself killed.”
“How did you know?” Baden asked, jutting his chin out defiantly.
“Because you are a man in love,” Ethan said simply. Baden thought for a moment and decided he liked the way this man thought.
“Fine!” Baden conceded. “Tell us what we should do.”
“They are expecting Baden to just turn himself in,” he addressed everyone now. “Eli wants him dead and he knows that Annie is the way to accomplish it. They have also prepared themselves for the rest of you. They have found a blood descendant for all of you, as they were not sure which of you were immortal, and intend to kill you all using their new ‘tools’ if necessary.”
“Then what will we do?” Everard asked.
“We will go to the house where Annie is. She is bound by chains that only Baden can break. I could not get her out as Eli is the only one with the key,” Ethan explained, assuming that was the case since none of the keys he used worked. “Only Eli and a few trackers will be there, nothing too hard to handle.”
“How did Annie get taken in the first place?” Adam asked.
Ethan waited a moment before he retold what happened the night Annie was taken. There was nothing Ethan could have done all by himself at the time. He had a plan and had to stick to it otherwise he would never have known where Annie had been taken. Baden’s blood was boiling by the end of it and it was all he could do to control himself. He stormed out of the room and was headed straight for Acacia. The boys ran after him but goodness knows what they were going to do to try and stop him.
Baden burst through the locked door to find the room empty. He looked all around the room; in the closet, under the bed and in the secret compartment of the wall but she was gone. He stormed back out, leaving Adam, Stewart and Micah relieved that they didn’t have to try and stop him.
Baden didn’t have time to care how Acacia escaped or where she was right now, he didn’t need her any longer and he could get his revenge later. Right now he just had to focus on getting Annie back.
“That was close,” Adam commented as they left the room.
They all reconvened with the others and went to planning. They would leave as soon as they decided what to do.

CHAPTER 28:

Acacia was running through the trees as fast as she could. She was running so fast she was almost out of breath. She had only been able to escape because Jory and Micah had not tied her up properly and she wriggled free from her confines. When everyone was distracted by Jory’s father’s appearance she left the grounds without being noticed.
Leaves and branches whipped through her hair but she didn’t care. She was running for her life. Once Baden Brighton had a bounty on your head that was it, you ran until you were dead. Tears fell down her face out of terror but they dried quickly from the speed she was running. Up ahead she saw a figure casually leaning against a tree and she began to panic, was it Baden? She was about to change direction but as she ran closer she realised who it was and audibly let out a sigh of relief. She slowed down and felt thankful to see Oliver, even though she didn’t care for him much.
“Running rather fast for someone with nowhere to go,” he said casually as she approached.
She came to a complete stop when she was in front of him. He was dressed in his menacing dark clothes and cape, looking domineering and assured.
“Sometimes nowhere is better than where you were,” she commented. Oliver nodded in understanding.
“What are you running from?” He asked though he had already been told.
“What is the difference? I just need to keep going,” she said with a hint of panic in her voice.
“What if I told you that I could take you to a place where you would not need to run?” Oliver tempted. “A place where Baden would never be able to find you.” Acacia looked at him warily.
“Where?” She asked quietly.
“Lets you and I make a trade,” he said pushing off the tree and stepping closer to her. “You will be given safety for…oh…let us say, your soul?” He said acting insouciant, as if it would be nothing of value to trade.
Oliver knew there was an unseen messenger that had appeared after an abrupt wind blew through then disappeared just as quickly, there always was with these types of dealings. Aliyah stood there invisibly to oversee the trade. She only witnessed a few trades, leaving the rest to others from her realm. But she ensured she was there for the ones that might affect the future in an irreversibly damaging way. She wasn’t too concerned about this one but she wanted to observe how Oliver would work these trades, now that he was wrapped up in these dealings. There was one particular piece of information she hoped to secretly glean but she would have to wait and see what would eventuate.
“What do you mean; ‘my soul’?” Acacia didn’t know what to fear more, Baden or Oliver’s strange deal. She was completely oblivious to what was going on.
“I will take you away from all of this fear and put you somewhere where no one can kill you.” His offer sounded enticing but she still didn’t understand.
“What if I say no?” She asked.
“Then you can live out your life here…waiting for the day that Baden finds you.” Oliver waited as if he didn’t care about her answer when in fact, he really did.
“What will you do with my soul?” She didn’t know what to do.
“Unfortunately those details will remain unknown…unless of course you accept.” He purposely remained obscure with his answers, playing on her fears so she would surrender what she didn’t understand.
“And Baden will not be able to hurt me?” Acacia clarified.
“Not in the slightest,” Oliver promised.
Acacia subtly nodded her head but that was all Oliver needed. Two snatchers appeared from the trees to take her away. They led her silently back into the trees until they disappeared out of sight.
“Oliver,” Aliyah called out to him as he was about to leave. She had appeared from nowhere. He rolled his eyes but turned around.
“Yes, Aliyah?” His tone was disrespectful. Why one of the most powerful messengers was taking particular interest in his job, he didn’t know.
“You were quite close to getting yourself a punishment similar to Jiel’s.” She hated having to warn them but she did her job as she was meant to. She believed if the traders were stupid enough not to become familiar with the rules, which might cause them to make a mistake, then good riddance.
“I am doing this in place of him,” he argued. Aliyah smiled to herself, she had been hoping that was the case. That snippet of information was the reason she oversaw this trade, she wanted Oliver to admit just that.
“And in that case if you misstep then you will extend his sentence,” she said with a smile. “In which case I am sure he will not be pleased with you.”
“Thank you for your warning,” he sneered as he began to turn away.
“You may still be freed from the bind you find yourself in,” she offered before he could leave. “You do not have to do his work if you will agree to assist us in the future.”
“Though he may not be allowed in this realm, I am sure he still has ears here so that will be a no from me,” Oliver answered.
“Then keep this in mind, Oliver Praston. I will be governing all of the trades that you do on behalf of Jiel,” she warned. “And I am in no way lenient if you are not aware of the rules.”
“Duly noted.” This time Oliver left without waiting for any further instructions.
He would have been wise to stay around and probe Aliyah for some hints but if the past was any indication, Oliver was anything but wise.
He took out the small, glass bottle from his pocket. It was a marquise shape and had a luminous, blue liquid contained within. He took a sip as he was told to. The breeze around him conjured up a grey fog that covered the area. As he stepped through the mist he felt a tingle run all over his body, like trickles of water spilling over him. Then the next moment he was in another place, it was like a thin veil covered the real world but they were not a part of it.
Jiel stood in front of him not looking impressed. His black coat that covered every part of him undulated in an unfelt breeze.
“Do not get yourself killed and my stay extended you fool!” He scolded Oliver. “You will not be going back out until you are taught the rules of the trade.”
“I just thought she was an easy target,” Oliver defended himself.
“And that is the only reason why you did not ruin everything!” Jiel walked off in frustration.
Oliver was starting to wonder what he had gotten himself into. He looked at his small bottle of liquid and measured what was left with his eyes. There would only be enough for one more trip back then he would have to get his bottle refilled.
One of the many rules was; Jiel could not show him how to travel but he could explain how it worked. It was up to Oliver to find a way, which he had managed to. He was about to leave again when he was stopped by Jiel’s voice.
“Just a moment,” Jiel called. Oliver turned around just in time to catch the bag of gold coins that was thrown to him. He looked at it for a moment, deciding whether to speak his thoughts.
“And what about our other deal?” He asked Jiel.
“We will get her,” he answered with a grin. “Be patient.”
Oliver took a sip of his potion and stepped back through the portal, leaving Jiel in the other place. Finally he was alone.
“I am sick of patience,” Oliver said under his breath as he walked through the forest alone.

CHAPTER 29:

Night fell as Baden, Ethan, Jory, Adam, Stewart and Micah crept through the trees. They had made it to the house where Annie had been taken to in record time. There were no trackers actually surrounding the house however, there were more trackers than expected inside the house. Six to be exact. Still, easy for them to handle.
They were all dressed entirely in black. Boots, trousers and long shirt - all black. Their attire fit snuggly to their bodies for fewer encumbrances and covered them quite well in the dark of the night.
“I cannot feel Eli in there,” Baden whispered to Ethan as he crouched low with the others.
They were all laying hidden amongst the long grass not too far from the little cottage. It was made completely of wood, very humble and easily forgettable really, which Baden suspected was the whole idea of it.
“He could be off doing something,” Ethan reasoned.
The older man didn’t think Eli’s absence was suspicious because he would sometimes go missing for days on end. At first the trackers were concerned but after it started happening frequently everyone just stopped asking questions and learned to look the other way. Besides, it didn’t really matter where Eli was, in fact it was better that he wasn’t there.
“Now,” Ethan began reaffirming the plan they had laid out. “Annie is locked in the front room. It is fashioned out of the same metal that the institution uses so you will have to get her, Baden.”
“Obviously,” Baden said. “I think that was implied.”
“What do we do with the trackers?” Adam whispered from down the line.
“Do not kill them, whatever you do!” Stewart answered keeping the hushed tone.
“We will have to knock them out and tie them up,” Micah reasoned.
“With what?” Adam asked.
“Can you all just shut up?” Baden hissed. “Ethan already went through this! He has the rope to tie them up with, all we need to do is get them down as quietly as possible.”
Jory was unusually quite during the whole escapade. He didn’t like that his father was helping them and the only reason he was there was for Annie. He wasn’t as trusting of his father as everyone else was.
“Baden, you get two of them whilst I follow behind and tie them up,” Ethan advised as he started getting his rope ready. It was the same metal chord the boys had used to tie Acacia up with. Though this time Ethan would tie it right so the trackers couldn’t get away like she did.
“Adam, Stewart and Micah, you go around the back,” Baden instructed. “Ethan, you wait behind until at least one tracker is down. Jory, come with me in the front.”
The boys pushed off the ground silently but kept low as they crept up to the house on quiet feet.
“Can you feel her?” Jory whispered, saying his first words of the night. Baden looked a bit worried as they made their way along.
“I cannot feel her but I deduce that is because she is locked in a room barricaded by that insufferable metal!” It was obvious Baden was more than irritated.
In truth, he and Jory both had their doubts about his theory. If Baden could break the metal then why couldn’t he feel past it? They decided not to really think about it, they focused all their attention on the plan.
Suddenly, a tracker came out the front door unexpectedly and Baden and Jory hit the deck. Lucky the grass was long and the tracker had dull senses because they would have been spotted instantly. The tracker lit up a cigarette and started puffing away, looking quite satisfied with himself.
Baden glanced at Jory before sneaking over quicker than lightning. He had the tracker around the neck before he could take his second puff, closing off his airways. Baden was about to break his neck when Jory popped up from the long grass panicked, waving and shaking his hands quietly, albeit wildly, to remind Baden not to kill him.
Remembering, Baden rolled his eyes and covered the trackers mouth as he hit him over the back of the head. He went down instantly and Baden laid him on the ground gently, so the limp body wouldn’t make any noise. He pointed to the still form of the tracker on the ground clearly so Ethan could see and come tie him up, then Jory and Baden snuck inside.
Around the back the three other boys were sneaking up as best they could without being noticed. They started crawling along the ground in the long grass, planning to head past the horses tied up in the trees close by. The only problem with that was Adam’s misfortune when it came to equine. As Adam slid by them one of the horses decided to free up some of the space within its bowels. Adam moved away as quickly as he could, narrowly missing the falling dung but almost jumping on top of Micah in the process, who kicked him away.
“Shhh!” Stewart quietly scolded as he tried to stifle his own laughter.
It all probably would have been fine if the horse’s excrement was the only problem he faced but of course it wasn’t. A grass snake started to slide its way up Adam’s trouser leg. He started wiggling his leg as subtly as he could so as not to draw attention to himself but when the snake was travelling too quickly towards his manhood he couldn’t help but jump up and shake his leg so hard it almost fell off. He knew it wouldn’t kill him if he was bitten, venomous snake or not, but he didn’t think getting his crotch bitten by a snake would feel pleasant by any means. He wriggled out of his pants as fast as he could and was left in his long johns.
“Get down!” Micah and Stewart chorused as they tried to pull him towards the ground but it was too late.
“Quick!” A tracker yelled as he came around the side of the small cottage.
Adam froze like a wild animal spotted by a hunter. The tracker did a double take when he saw Adam with his pants off then suddenly two other men jumping up from the long grass.
“This looks a little bizarre, I know,” Micah said. “But the explanation is probably not what you would expect.”
“I think you three snatchers are trying to sneak into this house,” the tracker accused.
“Oh really?” Micah asked surprised, considering how odd the scene looked. “Then you would be correct.”
As they all stood there two other trackers came rushing around the side to see what was going on.
“What in the world?” One said as he looked at Adam with his pants off.
When they all realised that they were meant to be fighting the night filled with chaos. Micah and Stewart were fine but Adam was trying to grab his pants off the ground as a tracker swiftly approached. He struggled one leg into the trouser but the tracker was too close so he had to try and fight as he struggled with his attire.
“I wish you would just let me get dressed!” Adam said as he blocked punches with his free hand and copped a few hits to his exposed side.
“Put your pants on, Adam!” Stewart yelled as he fought to get the upper hand on his opponent.
“I am trying!” He yelled back. A cry of pain sounded from his direction a moment later when the tracker hit his ribs.
“Just take them off!” Micah suggested as he pinned his tracker to the ground.
Adam pushed the tracker away as far as he could with one hand and managed himself enough time to pull his leg free from his trousers. As the tracker ran towards him, Adam threw his pants and it covered the trackers head. Adam took the moment of distraction to look around for a weapon. He couldn’t see anything but the snake trying to slither away from the havoc.
As the tracker escaped from the pants Adam, seeing no other option, picked the snake up and grabbed it firmly around the back of its jaw with one hand and held its tail with the other. The creature’s fangs were exposed, dripping its venom all down his wrist. He thrust it towards the tracker as he set upon him and the tracker moved to get away from the snake.
“What are you doing?” Stewart asked as he threw his tracker to the ground.
“I am fighting!” Adam explained as he managed to keep the tracker at bay with the snake. It was only Adam’s good luck that the tracker had a phobia against snakes.
“You are meant to pin him down not sting him!” Micah yelled as he struggled against the tracker he had on the ground.
Adam looked at his weapon and then his opponent. Deciding it was a stupid tactic he threw the snake at the tracker. Before the situation could fall into any more of a mess than it already had, Baden appeared and knocked Adam’s tracker out letting him fall to the ground. Baden looked Adam up and down and shook his head.
“Put some pants on, man!” Baden said before he went over to the others. Ethan and Jory were already helping tie up the other trackers as Adam found his pants, checked them for snakes and finally put them back on.
“What happened to quiet?” Jory asked as he finished tying up one of the trackers.
Adam, Stewart and Micah all stood in a line next to each other looking disheveled and over it. Stewart and Micah pointed to Adam who didn’t realise what they were doing and the others just nodded in understanding.
Everyone started heading inside. Ethan tried to give Jory a pat on the back on their way in but Jory pulled away and moved up the front with Baden. Disheartened, Ethan showed them to where Annie’s room was and Baden went straight to the door. He broke the handle easily and swung the door open, ready to take Annie in his arms and bask in the relief of her being with him once again.
What they found was quite unexpected indeed.

CHAPTER 30:

At the back of the room was a series of triggers set up to fire when the door was opened. The triggers held daggers that catapulted through the air so fast they could barely even see them. Well, everyone except for Baden.
He grabbed as many as he could but there were just too many. Stewart and Micah managed to duck but Baden managed to cop one right in the lower ribs and another in the shoulder as he tried to protect the others. He stopped one from hitting and killing Adam and tried to grab one that was heading straight for Jory but he couldn’t quite make it in time.
Without thought for himself, Ethan stepped in the way of the speeding dagger and it pierced into his chest quickly. He fell back onto Jory, who stumbled as he caught him but still managed to lay him on the ground gently. He stepped back and looked down at the father who had ruined his family as he clutched at the dagger in his chest. The others stood around looking on in disbelief at the sight.
“He will be fine,” Baden confirmed sounding rather unconcerned as he pulled the dagger from his own shoulder.
Everyone looked at Baden in question as he finished pulling the other dagger from his ribs.
“I can tell that it missed his heart, especially because it is still beating.” Baden threw the daggers in his hands on the floor seeming unfazed by it all.
Ethan pulled the dagger out of his own chest, trying to hold back the grunt of pain that wanted to escape. Stewart and the other boys helped him up but Jory didn’t. Baden discovered one last dagger in his lower back towards the right hip. It must have got him when he turned to grab the daggers from stabbing everyone else.
“Perfect,” Baden said sarcastically as he pulled out the dagger and dropped it next to the pile of them.
He stood there looking at the empty room feeling like he could smash the structure into small pieces. Of course Annie wasn’t there, when did they ever get to save her without any hiccups along the way?
“It looks like they knew we were coming!” Baden was livid as he looked at the trap set for them. “Come on! We will go back to the institution.”
“What about Ethan?” Adam asked as he and Stewart held him up. Baden looked down at the chest wound and evaluated it.
“It should be healed in a matter of minutes. It hardly scratched the surface,” Baden surmised. He was being a little lean with his description but his conclusion was still correct. He walked out the door expecting them to follow.
“A focused man, that Baden,” Ethan joked. He was a little short of breath but he was still alive.
Eventually everyone was back at the institution in Amaury’s chambers, this time Jory included.
“What on earth happened?” Martha asked as she took in the sight of all of them. Everard just looked on, concerned as he watched them pile in.
“It did not go according to plan,” Baden answered angrily.
“Jory’s father almost died!” Adam chimed in.
“Do not bother to call him that,” Jory said harshly and it surprised everyone. Everyone except for Baden because he had felt gusts of Jory’s feeling every now and then but decided not to broach the subject with him.
“Jory,” Everard scolded.
“No, Everard!” Jory yelled. “How can you just welcome him back after what he did?”
“Can we just go back to planning, please?” Baden interrupted but was ignored.
“Jory, if you would let me explain,” Ethan tried.
“No!” Jory’s voice broke on the word as he finally spoke to his father for the first time. “I will not let you explain. You do not deserve that privilege.”
“Annie is still missing!” Baden was starting to lose it and everyone in the room was awkward amongst the verbal confrontation.
“I will not let you try and weasel your way back into my life,” Jory shouted to his estranged father. “You may have everyone here fooled but not me.”
Jory stormed out of the room and everyone was left speechless in his wake. But of course Baden wasn’t.
“Can we just go back to looking for Annie and keep all of your emotional problems bottled inside for the time being?!” Baden demanded and everyone just stared at him. “I will get him!” He offered in a huff, rolling his eyes before storming off out the door after Jory. The only way they were all going to be focused on Annie was if Jory and his stupid family crisis was over.
“Jory!” Baden yelled out to him from down the hall but Jory kept going. Baden ran up to him and lightly shoved him against the wall. He spun around and looked at Baden, holding back his anger.
“What?” Jory’s voice echoed down the empty hall.
“We do not have time for this, Annie is still missing!” Baden yelled. “If you cared about her at all you would shut your mouth and work alongside your father to help us!”
“Why should I? After what he did!” Baden could feel Jory’s hurt and he tried to push it away. He didn’t want to start caring about this man’s feelings that were flowing out of him like a waterfall. “He killed my mother. He ruined my family.” Jory’s voice sounded heartbroken this time.
“And my brother tried to kill me and he would spit on my grave if I actually had one and the sky is blue!” Baden said. “Everyone has problems, Jory. Act like an adult.”
Jory hung his head, almost in defeat and Baden could feel he wasn’t coping at all. Baden placed his hand to his forehead in frustration, trying to think of something to say.
“Look, Jory…” Baden started, placing his hands on his hips as he spoke. Jory looked up from his sulk. “I know that what happened to you and your family is hard but everything you have been through has made you who you are. And who you are…is good.” It was like Baden was going against his own nature to try and be nice. “A good man who would do anything to save the love of my life…”
Jory stared at Baden and tried not to laugh at his attempt at kindness but he didn’t quite accomplish it. Baden gave Jory a friendly slap on the shoulder in hopes that he had cheered him enough to keep going with the planning.
“If there is someone on earth that can stand to forgive me for my past actions then I think that there may be a good chance that you could one day forgive your father for his.” Baden’s words were true and heartfelt and they made Jory start to see things in a different light.
“You were a bastard,” Jory said with a small laugh. Baden didn’t even register the insult, he jumped at the chance to fix the distraction and refocus everyone’s attention on Annie.
“As long as you are laughing can we please just go in there and plan on finding Annie,” Baden pleaded almost desperately.
Jory nodded and Baden sighed in relief. With the mess sorted for now, the two started walking back to join the others. They came back into the room and everyone stared at them when they entered, trying to gauge what to expect.
“Let us get back to planning!” Baden announced almost happily. He was ready for this to be over and he wasn’t going to stop until it was.
Ethan cleared his throat and decided not to bring up anything more with Jory in front of the others.
“I had set someone up to follow the trackers if they were to double cross us,” Ethan explained. “They will come here once they are sure of Annie’s location and advise us of where it is and what we will need to know.”
“Who is it?” Baden wondered.
There was something about the way Ethan spoke that made him curious, Ethan’s soul seemed to become lighter when he spoke of this person. Usually Baden wouldn’t even bother looking at people’s souls but lately he was having to incase it helped in some way to find Annie.
“That is…something I cannot tell you. If they want to reveal themselves they can,” Ethan answered with the hint of a smile.
Again with the lightness…he seemed to have a deep affection for whomever it was that was covertly helping.
“And what do we do in the meantime?” Baden asked trying not to sound annoyed.
“We wait,” Ethan informed.
Baden went straight faced as he tried to hold back his anger, he didn’t know how much more of this he could take. He straightened up and left the room before he could do something he would regret.
“Cheery fellow,” Ethan commented sarcastically after Baden had left.
Baden went back to his room and laid across the bed. He took Annie’s ring out of his pocket and looked at it, wishing that she was there with him. How many times could she be stolen away from him? As he thought about the reason why she was taken he started to become angrier. Eli just did not know how to live by boundaries and thought he could take what he wanted when he wanted to, no matter what.
Before his anger could consume him, Baden looked around the room and saw Annie’s things. It was as if she would walk in the door at any minute and everything would be normal. He suddenly noticed the morning sun bathing the place in light as it fell in through the windows. Her dress was hanging on the back of a chair, her poetry books strewn across the floor. Blank sheets of paper sprawled across the desk next to an ink pot and quill. Baden walked over to them and softly traced the paper with his fingertips. The sun splayed in through the window and sent a warm light over the desk.
There Baden sat down and picked up the quill. He had never written anything creative in his life but he felt like he wanted to, no needed to, for Annie. He dipped the quill in the ink and wiped the excess away on the glass rim, being careful with her things. He pressed his pen against the paper and started to write.
Annie always loved using an old feather she found on the ground for her quill, it made it all feel so much more exciting to her. As the quill scratched away while he wrote it was like he felt closer to her, like she was near. His handwriting was elegant and careful, his words honest and clear. When he made a mistake he would screw up the piece of paper and throw it over his shoulder, keeping his desired lines scrawled close by. He may not have been a writer but with Annie as his inspiration he couldn’t help but write.
His hands were stained with ink and he sat there for hours and hours, writing and rewriting. Once he had the perfect wording he would wash his hands clean, choose an unspoiled piece of paper and write it out as perfectly as he could. Just for her, only for his Annie. It was always for her.

CHAPTER 31:

The day after Eli found out that Ethan had betrayed them, he set the young man named Edward with a task. He abruptly came through the door and Annie looked up quickly, almost filled with hope that he had come to help her. That was until she saw the grim look on his face and felt the pain in his soul. She looked down and saw a dagger in his hand. She looked back at his eyes but he wouldn’t dare look at her face. He came and stood in front of her and she realised he was waiting for someone.
Before she could ask, Eli came walking through the door. Annie peeked around Edward to see a determined looking Eli.
She had been chained to the chair and struggling for so long that her wrists began to bleed. Eli walked over to her and glanced at her wrists. A flicker of pain shot through him but he was quick to cover it. He snatched the dagger from Edward, as if he was angry at the young man, and brusquely moved him out of the way.
“Get the chains, Edward,” Eli growled.
Reluctantly he ran out of the room and reappeared almost instantly with heavy chains. Annie could tell they were made from the same impenetrable metal that was already restraining her and it made her heart sink.
Silently Eli got to work after tucking the dagger away in his coat. He took one set of chains from Edward, which had thick loops dangling at the end of them to shackle her wrists. Eli leaned over and snapped the metal manacles just below where her current restrictions sat. They were tight and she could feel every bit of hatred drip all over her from Eli’s soul, which made everything hurt all the more.
“You do not have to do this,” Annie whispered into Eli’s ear. For just a moment he hesitated, even almost looked at her. But before his care for her could resurface he quickly stuffed it deep down inside.
Eli signaled to Edward who scurried over and unlocked one of her arms from the chair. As soon as one of the restrictions were off Eli pulled the chain so her wrists were violently thrust together and quickly linked the shackles so there was no way her hands could move apart. He grabbed another chain from Edward, who stood there aghast at what was happening. The poor boy looked at Annie apologetically but there was nothing he could do to stop it. Eli linked the loose chain to the middle of the chain that bound her wrists and let it hang free as he grabbed the last chain from Edward’s hand.
Annie struggled against her restraints but it was no use, her other wrist was still bound to the chair and stopped her from moving them. Eli had thought of everything.
Eli did the same to her ankles as he had done to her wrists, binding them before releasing only one so he could tie her legs together. Once the shackles were closed tight, he forced her to hunch her back so he could link the chains with the one he had attached to the middle of her wrists. He released the wrist and ankle that was still bound to the chair and she found that she couldn’t even sit upright because the chain linking her hands and feet was so short.
“How am I meant to move?” She asked, presuming they were taking her somewhere else.
Eli paused for a moment and Annie could feel a deep regret in his soul. She had no idea why he felt that way but she didn’t have to wait too long before she found out. Eli slipped his hand into his interior pocket and pulled out the dagger. Annie looked at the weapon and realised what he was about to do.
“I will come without a fight, Eli,” Annie said almost pleadingly.
“Go outside and open the door to the carriage,” Eli instructed Edward without turning to him. Edward ran out of the room before the last word left Eli’s mouth.
Eli looked at her eyes for a quick moment and before he could decide not to, he thrust the dagger deep into her chest and straight through her heart. Annie held back the gasp that tried to escape her from the pain of it. Warm blood started to trickle down her chest and she could feel the bane start to burn as it tried to heal her wound. He didn’t let go of the handle as the dagger sat in her chest. He just knelt in front of her, watching her bravely take the pain.
Annie could feel nothing but sorrow in Eli. If he felt so horrified by his own actions then why would he do it? He raised his hand, as if he was about to brush her cheek to comfort her but Edward came back into the room.
“It is ready,” he said breathlessly, looking at Annie mortified.
Eli didn’t turn away from Annie when he was spoken to. Instead he ever so carefully picked her up in his arms and leaned her against him. She couldn’t protest because she wasn’t able to walk because of the shackles anyway, but mostly because she was in pain from the dagger.
Though Eli’s face was stern and emotionless, his soul was stricken with pain as he made his way quickly to the carriage they had used for her before. Only a few people were around for the beginning of this transit, it seemed much more secretive than the last one had been. They almost had an army to subdue her the last time.
Eli stepped into the carriage with Annie still in his arms and when they were in, the door was slammed closed and locked. The coach lurched into motion immediately and pushed Eli off balance. Before he could drop Annie he braced himself and managed to gently lay her on the floor of the bare carriage. She lay there motionless, trying to forget the pain ripping through her chest.
Eli knelt beside her for a moment and watched her. He didn’t want her to know how he felt but he couldn’t stand watching her in that much pain. After an internal battle that she was privy to, he slowly pulled the dagger out of her chest. Trying his best not to hurt her any more than he could help. When the dagger was free from her skin her bane went straight to work to mend the wound in her.
Eli sat back and watched Annie as she lay there silently, trying to regain her strength. She just stared at him, trying to understand what was going on inside of him. As he held the bloody dagger in his hand he looked even more lost than he ever had been in the past. Pushing herself up off the ground she sat up, sliding over to sit against the back wall.
“Why?” Is all she asked but he knew what she was asking, why had he stabbed her?
But he didn’t say anything, he just slid the dagger back into his coat pocket and sat there staring at her. They sat in silence looking at each other, waiting for the other to give in. Long, quiet moments went by without another word spoken. When it became too much for Eli he turned away from her gaze and she knew he was about to break.
“After my drunken display the other night some were wondering what my motive behind this plan was…” Eli began to explain. “I needed to assure the people who follow me that I am not doing this for the love of a woman…” he turned to her as if he almost believed it himself. “But rather for the good of others.”
“I think that it would be obvious to them that you harbor ill feelings towards me,” Annie said curtly. Eli looked hurt by the words. “What happened to you?” She dared to ask.
“I might ask you the same thing,” he said bitterly.
“I have not changed.” Why couldn’t he see that?
“You have!” He said through gritted teeth. “You are one of them now.”
“That is what I am, not who I am!” She argued.
She could feel Eli’s anger fall away as the truth he had already secretly accepted within himself started to drift to the surface. She had not changed and he knew it.
“So…what is the real reason you are doing this? To get back at your brother…” She almost rolled her eyes at the thought.
“You!” He blurted out. “You are the only reason I am doing this, Annie.” He took a moment before he said anything else. “You do not know what is good for you and you need others to do for you what you will not do for yourself.”
“So trying to kill Baden is your solution?” She asked. There was no use in hiding the fact that they all now knew what Eli could do. The trackers had obviously realised this already.
“It should have been done long ago,” Eli said stubbornly.
“Who says I am not next?” She reasoned. “There has to be a way to kill me if there is a way to kill Baden…who says your little group is not conspiring to kill me?”
“You have no descendants,” Eli answered confidently. “The others could not find any.”
It took a moment for Annie to realise the situation. There was something in him that seemed like he wasn’t telling her everything. He tried to make his words seem completely true but there was something behind them that he wasn’t fully telling...there was a lie in there amongst the truth that she couldn’t quite pick. Regardless of that she was still horrified at what he had done.
“You searched?” She asked in repulsion. “You looked for my descendants?” Eli turned away from her accusing eyes.
“Once the information was brought to me I did not tell anyone until I was certain that there was no trail that led to you,” he confessed shyly. Again there was the missing part of his story that he wasn’t telling but she couldn’t be bothered even asking.
Annie was silent as she took in what he was saying. Something in her was a little sad that there was no one left that would carry on her family line. She blinked away the shock and refocused on the issue at hand.
“What then?” She asked, trying to cover the tears that were threatening to break through. “You will kill the one I love and leave me here to live out my pain filled life forever?” Eli looked at her as if she was daft.
“No Annie, I am going to set you free from the burden of Baden,” he reasoned. “A burden that I have not been able to rid myself of since he became the monster that he is.”
Annie swallowed back the anger that wanted to rip out from deep within her soul. How could Eli be so callous and blind?
“Do you not hear yourself, Eli?” She almost pleaded. “He is not what you think he is…he is different.” She could feel in his soul that he was hiding something, he was lying to himself about his reason. “But you know that…” She realised. “You know that he has changed and that is not the reason you have this plan. Somewhere inside you, you actually believe that you and I will end up together.”
Eli sat there looking at her, as if he had the wind knocked out of him. He knew he still cared for Annie, which he hated. He kept that secret tucked deep inside but his hatred for his brother was something that he had openly held onto for years. It was sewn throughout his being and he wasn’t willing to give it up for anything…even for the truth that showed Baden had changed. Before the realisation of truth could sink in, he refused it yet again.
“You may think he has changed but he has not,” Eli refuted her. “You think that the love of a woman could change him?” He questioned. She bit her lip to stop from screaming insults at him. Instead she took a moment to think of something that might make him see.
“Well, the love you have not received from a woman has changed you,” she said calmly. Eli blinked at her stupidly before the meaning of her words sunk in. “You have turned into the monster, Eli…” Her eyes welled with tears as she realised the horrible truth. “You have become everything you fight against.”
And if Eli couldn’t see the truth about Baden then there was no way he would be able to see the truth about himself.
Eli went to open his mouth to argue his point some more but the carriage lurched to a stop and the door opened up instantly. The sun shone in, almost blindingly. It felt painful for a moment, the brightness brought them back to the situation at hand and pulled them out of their own little world. Eli took a moment to regain his bearings but soon was back into the motions of being the leader of the trackers.
Eli took Annie into his arms and hopped out of the carriage. He didn’t struggle to carry her as he made his way over the uneven ground. Annie took in her surroundings quickly. They were headed toward an even smaller cabin, similar to the last. There were trees surrounding them but a few hundred yards away she could see a clearing, covered in short grass and lined by trees to make an oval shape. That wasn’t strange, what was strange was that she could see humans in the clearing…holding daggers…being shown what looked to be defensive stances and aggressive counter moves.
Eli raced them inside whilst the other trackers headed for the field. He took her to a room that had no furniture in it whatsoever, closing the door firmly behind them. There were no windows, just the floor, four walls and a ceiling. Eli sat her right in the middle of the room, she laid her legs to one side and rested her hands in her lap because she couldn’t sit any other way.
“You will see…” Eli assured. “You will see that it will all turn out for the better.” He turned to walk away but she stopped him with her words.
“Why are you training humans?” She asked. He turned slowly back to her and was surprised that her eyesight had spanned that far.
“That is none of your concern.” Eli looked at her sternly, as if he was angry that she had even seen that.
From what she already knew Annie tried to piece together who the humans could be. Eli turned and started to walk away but then stopped, paused again by her words.
“They are the descendants!” Annie whispered breathlessly before she could stop herself, the horror coating every word.
The look of terror on the poor, innocent faces of the young humans in the field reminded her of Emily’s face after she had stabbed Amaury. Annie started to count wildly in her mind but she couldn’t quite remember how many people she had seen. Four…Five…more? Who were they descendants of?
Eli walked back over to Annie quickly and knelt beside her, grabbing her arms almost desperately.
“Do not focus on things that do not concern you,” he whispered furiously. His eyes were wild and pleading. When Annie had regained her thoughts she looked at Eli in question.
“They were all practically children,” she said horrified at what was going on here. What did the tracker’s plan entail?
“They have all reached adulthood and they will be much more developed before the moment comes when they need to be used,” he said cryptically. It took a moment for her to realise what he meant.
“Adulthood…what? Eighteen? Nineteen?” Annie guessed. “And do not tell me that you plan to change them into snatchers as you did Emily?”
She was disgusted at the very idea of it. But as his silence drew out longer she realised that was exactly what they had planned.
“You make me sick!” She spat the words. “You turn them into what you despise for your own purposes.”
“Annie, sacrifices need to be made in some situations…” But he didn’t get time to finish.
“You are a hypocrite!” She growled. “And what happens to them when you are done with them? Kill them off as you do the rest of their kind?” She accused. “No witnesses to your atrocities?”
“They will be protected as a reward for what they will do for us,” Eli reasoned.
“Just as you protected Emily so well?” Annie argued. “If I was not there she would have been ripped apart by the others! And now we do not even know where she is!”
“She is hidden here, with the rest of them! And she is fine!” Eli shook her just a little to try and make her calm down.
“With you?” Annie asked, trying to understand.
“Acacia brought her to us just as she was instructed to and Emily is protected now by a young tracker named Abe, handpicked by myself.” Eli was almost desperate to make her understand the measures they had to take in situations as dire as he believed them to be.
Annie just shook her head at the unbelievable duplicity amongst people who were adamant they were fighting for the good of people. Seeing the abhorrence in her eyes towards him filled him with ignominy. He let go of her and stood back, leaving the room in silence. Closing and locking the door behind him as he tried to escape the shame.

CHAPTER 32:

As Ethan had explained, he left someone behind to follow the trackers to where they had taken Annie, someone he held very dear. And this very someone was on their way to them with the information they had all been waiting for. This someone had taken their time to ensure that the trackers were not going to move Annie once again. When they had been sure that the small cottage was the place the trackers intended to keep her more permanently, they made their way to the institution.
This particular someone was a woman and her name was Grace. She had lovely, auburn hair, brown eyes and pale skin. She looked delicate, with her diminutive frame and features but she was strong because she was a snatcher. She was a little older but because of the bane it was undetectable…unless you were another snatcher. One of her most admirable traits was that she was incredibly brave.
Grace sped through the forest with fervor, as if her own child’s life depended on it and in some ways it did. Her light day dress fluttering out behind her as she ran helped to conceal her movements because it was the same colour as the trees around her. She kept most of her clothing matching the colour of nature because she had spent so much of her life in hiding and needed to remain invisible, especially when she was as exposed as this. But today was different, today she was going to come out of hiding and she was about to change the life of someone who had no idea she even existed.
It took her most of the day to make it to the institution and by the time she arrived she was almost completely spent. She was welcomed into the institution easily because Ethan had come to meet her at the gates, he could feel her approaching. It had felt like a lifetime without her and to have her return safely set him at peace.
“How have you been, Grace?” Ethan asked her, gently taking her hands in his as soon as she was through the gates.
“Pleased, as I am here to tell them where they can find Annie,” she said truthfully.
She had never actually met Annie but from what she could sense, Annie was someone extraordinarily special. Grace understood why so many sought after her when the poor girl was thrust into times of trouble.
“Would you like to come with me or shall I deliver the news by myself?” Ethan asked sensitively. If she came along with him it was going to be more revealing than everyone had anticipated. She gave herself a moment of thought before she answered.
“I will tell them,” she said bravely. Ethan nodded, understanding why she wanted to. He lifted one of her hands gently into the nook of his arm and started them towards Amaury’s old chambers.
“Then I shall lead the way,” Ethan said quietly. They walked to Amaury’s quarters at a leisurely pace, so they both could calm themselves before the uproar that was about to take place.
When they arrived everyone bar Baden and Jory were in the room. Martha had knocked on Baden’s door but he didn’t answer and she thought it best not to disturb him until they knew for sure if this mysterious person had found Annie. Everard and Martha stood behind the desk discussing something intently. Adam, Stewart and Micah stood over near the fire place, stoking the fire and mucking about impatiently as they always did. Ethan had gathered them into the room before he had gone to meet Grace at the gates.
When Grace and Ethan entered the room everyone stopped what they were doing and looked to the pair.
“Where is Jory?” Grace asked as she searched the room for his face.
Ethan and Grace stood in the center of the room, facing Martha and Everard. Everyone remained frozen after she spoke, standing there watching this stranger, trying to understand what was going on. Ethan decided that he should step in and explain or they might all end up just standing there all day.
“Martha, Everard…” Ethan turned to the men at the fireplace. “Gentlemen…This is my wife, Grace Avaline.”
The look that fell on everyone’s faces was one of complete astonishment. They all thought they must have heard wrong because Jory’s mother was killed years ago…by Ethan! Or so they had been told.
“Mrs. Avaline?” Everard said breathlessly, mouth agape in shock.
As the words came out Jory took this moment to come through the door. He froze when he heard the words and stared at the back of the stranger standing in the middle of the room. Grace turned to him slowly but when she saw his face for the first time in years she couldn’t hold herself back. She moved towards Jory, hands outstretched to him.
“Jory,” she cried as she came upon him.
She stood on her tiptoes and stretched up to hug him, gently wrapping her arms around his neck. He stood there frozen as this stranger bestowed affection on him. She stood back, keeping hold of his arms as she did, and took in the whole sight of him.
“You are so tall, just like your father! Oh, Ethan, he is so handsome. Just like you!” She announced.
Adam, Stewart and Micah stood by the fire flabbergasted at the scene unraveling before them. Wasn’t his mother meant to be dead?
Adam was so shocked that he took a step back and almost landed his foot in the fire. Though he averted that disaster he didn’t realise his coat was hanging near the flames. Before anyone could realise, the material subtly caught fire. Adam wasn’t even the first to notice the blistering heat creeping ever so close to his posterior. When Stewart had smelled something altogether disturbing he looked down and saw the predicament. Not wanting to draw away from the seriousness of the moment he casually leaned over to Adam and whispered.
“Do not make any sudden movements, as you usually would.” Stewart started off with a warning to try and contain the situation. “But it seems that you have stepped too close to the flames and subsequently have combusted.” The look of alarm that came across Adam’s face as he got a grasp on what was happening was priceless and Stewart had to stifle a laugh. “Just casually leave the room to deal with your dilemma.”
Adam took a quiet step away from the fire place but the fire was spreading up his coat at an alarming rate so he quickened his pace. However subtle he tried to be it still was like an elephant sneaking through a praying church. He hurried his stride and left in a blur of flaming coattails and muffled, panicked screams. Micah edged closer to Stewart after Adam left the room.
“Does he realise he is on fire?” Micah whispered but Stewart’s answer was unnecessary as Adam’s terrified scream echoed down the hallway and into the room. Stewart simply closed his eyes and nodded.
Martha subtly gestured to the two boys to go after Adam, which they did as calmly as they could. Ethan glanced at them on their way out and Stewart just gave a silent nod of assurance that Adam would be fine.
In all of that commotion, Jory and Grace had not moved an inch. Jory was just shocked into pain filled silence. Grace was in rapture that she was seeing her son for the first time since she gave birth to him. Though she hadn’t seen him since he was a baby she could still see that he was his son.
“Say something,” Grace requested warily. The look on her son’s face was starting to concern her.
Before she could become too worried he finally took a breath. Though her relief was short lived because his eyes filled with tears and he tried to say something but he choked on the words. Suddenly, he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her so tight that, if she wasn’t a snatcher, it would have almost crushed her. He held onto her for dear life.
All these years Jory imagined what his mother had looked like, he tried to think of how her voice would have sounded and how kind she would have been. He couldn’t believe he was holding onto his mother. He didn’t care how or what the story was behind it all, all he cared about was that he finally had his mother.
“Jory…” Ethan said quietly, hesitant to break up the reunion. Jory turned to him, keeping his mother in his embrace. “We will tell you what happened…”
Jory reluctantly let his mother go but he couldn’t take his eyes off her. This was his mother…the mother he wanted all of his life. Taking his mother’s hand he led them to a divan by the fire, big enough for two. Ethan didn’t mind standing and he wasn’t offended that Jory had not thought of him in his seating choice.
Everard and Martha started to sneak towards the door but were stopped by Grace’s intervention.
“Please stay…” she insisted. “You both have been family to Jory and we want you to know the story also.”
Everard and Martha looked at each other and decided by a silent look that they would stay. After closing the door that had been left open in Adam’s wake, and without a word, they took a seat close to Grace and Jory, waiting anxiously to hear what had happened. Ethan waited until everyone looked comfortable…all except Jory because he just looked like a wide eyed animal stunned by a sudden, unexpected light.
And they told the intimate audience the parts of their tale they knew. But there were other parts still unknown to them…

CHAPTER 33:
The story of Grace and Ethan
Grace was eighteen and married to the love of her life, Ethan. They were expecting their first child any day and they could not be happier in life.
One lovely afternoon, on the cusp of dusk Grace was kneeling in the flower bed near their cottage, tending to her little garden. It was a humble cottage but it was theirs and they were proud to have it. Ethan was out with some trackers in the area pursuing snatchers, which is what they usually did. It used to make her worry so whenever she felt herself feeling fearful she would garden and it would help to calm her.
As Grace worked she didn’t hear when Taru approached behind her.
“Hello,” Taru said in her haunting way.
Grace jumped from fright and turned to find Taru standing there, in her torn dress and her unkempt hair. She had never seen Taru before but she knew there was something different about this person.
“Hello…” Grace said quietly as she stood to her feet.
It was a struggle because she was so heavily pregnant, she had to hold her back as she stood. Her blue garden dress was brown at the knees and torn in some places but it was still presentable enough.
“Tell me, Grace…do you have a name chosen for your son…?” Taru asked, cocking her head to one side as if she was accusing Grace of something.
“Son?” Grace asked, inching her way back as she tried to stall this stranger. She already knew she was having a son because Ethan could sense it, as all the other trackers could sense their children.
“Yes…your bright little bubbly son!” Taru said excitedly, jumping a little on the spot. Grace tried to keep her nerves at bay but it was difficult. Every subtle step she took backward it seemed that this mad woman took two towards her.
“What is your name?” Grace asked.
“My name?” Taru seemed flattered as she held her hand to her chest to be sure she was the topic of conversation.
Grace just nodded to confirm who she was talking about and took another step back, heart thumping and trying to keep her breathing under control.
“Well Grace, I thought you would be able to guess by now…” Taru’s face turned up in a wicked smile. “You may have heard of me…my name is…” and she took a moment before she answered, making the silence spill out into a fear filled nightmare. “Taru.”
As soon as Grace heard the name she knew exactly who this stranger was and she knew she was in trouble. Forgetting all need for subtlety she turned and tried to run as fast as she could. She knew there was no use but she had to do what she could, for her son.
Taru was cruel, she allowed Grace to reach the doorway of the little house to give her false hope that she would make it. But just before she could step one foot inside Taru grabbed her from behind and pulled her back by the material of her skirt. Grace fell to the ground but managed to land on her side and Taru dragged her by the arm across the dirt and away from the cottage. Taru stopped when they were back at the flowerbed.
“Oh Grace, do not be afraid,” Taru said gently as she started making circles around her victim. “I only want to play.” Grace pushed herself up and sat, using one arm to prop herself up and the other to stroke her stomach, trying to calm the baby.
“What do you want from me?” Grace asked bravely. “My husband is not here.”
Taru stopped circling and stood in front of Grace, watching her.
The truth was, Taru admired this woman. She was feeble and had no chance of defending herself, as she was merely human, but all she cared about was the child within her. Taru could sense that she would gladly give her own life for her son. Why on earth Jiel would ask her to change Grace was beyond Taru’s comprehension. He was always sending her on bizarre tasks with no explanation and this was one of the strangest.
What neither of them knew was that Jiel truly wanted Taru to kill Grace and her unborn son but that would go against the laws he was bound by, as he was not part of their realm he was forbidden to just kill someone that did not belong to him or his realm. The diviners in his realm had seen that the child of this woman was going to cause problems for his plans in the future but they could not see how or why. So he found himself in a quandary because he could not simply have Grace killed because he would be suspected immediately and would be punished for breaking the laws. But if Taru changed Grace and something were to happen to the child then that would work because of the ambiguities surrounding the restrictions that determined his choices. Harm to the child would happen indirectly by one of his creatures intervening.
Taru knelt down and looked closely at Grace’s face. There were no tears just fear for her child. Something sparked in Taru…something she hadn’t felt before and that was Grace’s sacrificing love for her family. And with a heavy heart Taru followed Jiel’s orders and changed Grace into a creature that her husband was trained to kill. Grace did not scream or struggle because she knew that there was nothing she could do to stop Taru and she didn’t want to do anything else that may cause more harm to her son. And Taru admired her all the more.
When Taru’s bane had seeped into Grace she passed out. Taru carefully lifted Grace’s body and placed her inside the door of the little cottage as far as she could, she didn’t want anything else coming along and defiling Grace’s body. Off in the distance Taru heard Ethan returning so she left to report back to Jiel.
When Ethan was a hundred yards from the house he spotted Grace lying in the doorway. He ran to her as fast as he could and he froze in horror at what he saw. His wife, his precious Grace bitten…filled with the bane of a snatcher. And his son. Ethan fell to his knees and pulled Grace close to him and he cried from fear and anger at what had happened to his family.
After hours of pain he gently lifted Grace off the floor and ran. He had to get her away from where the trackers might find her. So he fled with his wife and their unborn son. He didn’t care what his wife was turning into, he only cared that she lived through it, along with their son. He would love her regardless of what she was because he loved who she was. He ran through the forest as far as he could and when his legs would not carry him any further he searched the surrounding area for shelter. Finally he came across a small alcove, at the bottom of a cliff face. He struggled to see through the dark and tears but managed to lay her down and build a small bed for her out of fallen leaves, moss and twigs.
There he waited by her side.
Taru arrived at the place Jiel had instructed her to go. Back to the place that was once her home but now only held pain and regret that was buried under a willow tree.
“Did you change her?” Jiel asked after he appeared out of nowhere. Taru turned to find Jiel standing close by, seeming more enraged than usual.
“I infected her with bane…”
“That is not what I asked!!!” Jiel yelled, cutting off Taru’s answer.
“I had to leave, Ethan was arriving home,” she answered through gritted teeth. Jiel took a moment to think, he had to know if the child lived.
“Spy on them until you see that she is changed and find out if the baby lives,” he demanded. Before she could say anything he was gone.
Taru stood there in indecision for a moment but saw no use in refusing to do as she was told. She had no choice in the matter so it was best just to shut off any feeling and be obedient. So she ran back to the little cottage to find it empty. After following Ethan’s trail she perched herself a fair distance away from where the little family was camped so she would not be detected. Then she waited.
It took days for Grace to change. Usually it didn’t take so long but this situation was different, no one had ever been changed during a pregnancy before and therefore no one knew what was going to happen. On the fifth day Ethan almost lost his mind when finally Grace gasped back to life and sat up in panic.
“Grace,” Ethan said her name softly as he sat by her side. She immediately wrapped her arms around him and he pulled her into his lap, holding onto her for dear life.
“Ethan, what will happen to our son?” She cried, her tears streaming down her face.
He tried to calm her by stroking her hair and telling her it was going to be okay but it didn’t help because they didn’t know. Grace moved so she could see Ethan’s face and even though the sunlight was only dim in the small cave she was able to see his face clearly because of her new abilities.
“I love you,” he whispered to her and she closed her eyes in relief.
“I love you,” she whispered back and she leaned closer into him.
Their moment was interrupted by a sudden gust of wind that picked up outside. It blew the fallen leaves off the ground and into the air and caused such a ruckus amongst the trees that Ethan and Grace moved outside to see what was happening. When they had scurried out of the cave the wind had died down and before them stood a woman, this woman was Aliyah.
“Ethan…Grace…it is time for us to speak,” Aliyah said. The two looked at each other warily and took each other’s hand for comfort. “I cannot tell you who I am or where I come from but I am here to help you…I am here to save your son.”
Grace and Ethan’s heart sank as they took in the meaning of her words. Grace touched her stomach lightly and couldn’t stop the tears that fell from her eyes.
“He is dying?” Grace asked, hardly able to push the words out.
“The bane is far too strong for him and he is suffering…he will not last the day…” Aliyah said in her unemotional way. “Unless…”
“Unless what?” Ethan asked, knowing that Grace wouldn’t be able to form words. Aliyah looked between the two and was pleased with them both.
“There is one way we can save him but it will take a sacrifice…” Aliyah started to explain but stopped when the two stepped toward her. They were both offering themselves as the sacrifice and it almost made her smile. “It will not have to be a life taken,” she assured. Now she turned to Grace and focused solely on her. “The one that changed you was the first snatcher created and therefore you are an immortal. At this point in time there is nothing on this earth that can take your life. Not even a tracker’s dagger. If you are willing to give up your immortality and be reduced to a common snatcher then that will be sacrifice enough.”
“Yes, do it,” Grace begged.
“You will have to either steal souls or drink to survive, though in the immortal form you would need neither,” Aliyah advised, she had to ensure that Grace understood the sacrifice before Aliyah had the right to take it.
“Do it,” Grace demanded.
“You will be able to be killed by another immortal or a dagger,” Aliyah warned.
“Do it,” Grace said, frustrated that this woman wasn’t listening to her.
“And if we make this deal you will have to give up your child,” Aliyah warned. Grace and Ethan stood there in silence as they tried to understand.
“But you said you would save him,” Ethan reminded.
“His life will be spared but your son may play a crucial part in history and he needs to be protected,” Aliyah explained. “You will need to hide him away with the Manning family and he needs to know as little as possible, so he can never find you. You cannot be his parents because there will be too many after him and they will try to kill him.” Aliyah looked to Ethan now. “Ethan you must tell the trackers that Grace is dead, that you have killed her, and that your child is also dead.”
Grace and Ethan looked at each other, there was really no choice. They either had to live without their child and have him die or they had to live without their child and know he was alive, never really having him as their child. They knew the Manning family and they were wonderful people but the thought of not raising their own child broke their hearts. But it seemed they had no choice.
“Let him live,” Ethan spoke for the both of them.
“And finally…” Aliyah spoke softly this time. Almost as if she was sad. “You will need to hide your love for quite some time because Ethan will need to remain working with the trackers because he too may play a part in all of this, as do you, Grace. This may mean there could be instances where you are apart for long periods of time, if need be.”
“We agree,” Grace said. Aliyah smiled at the pair in front of her. Unconditional love was rare amongst humans and it was a comfort to see it.
“But not to fear for you will be able to freely have your love once you help save the one called Annie,” Aliyah said cryptically. “Until then, all of this must remain a secret.”
Grace and Ethan had no idea what was going on and they certainly didn’t know anyone by the name of Annie but they assumed that they would know when the time came. They both just nodded, showing their understanding.
“Then our deal has been struck,” Aliyah proclaimed. “You will give birth in three days Grace…Oh.” Aliyah said suddenly as if she just remembered something. “And call your son Jory.” Grace and Ethan tested the name out and found that they liked it.
“May we ask why?” Ethan wondered.
“Just a unique name,” Aliyah answered with a little smirk on her face. “Now go back into hiding and discuss the details of your plans. It is important that this all goes perfectly.”
After Ethan and Grace were back in the cave a gust of wind blew through the trees suddenly and Aliyah disappeared as rays of light into nothingness and reappeared but a few hundred yards away from where she just was. When she reappeared she was standing behind Taru as she hid amongst the trees.
Taru turned and stood in panic. What was she meant to do? Jiel had never really sent fear through Taru but this woman…Aliyah, she sent a trembling terror through Taru like nothing else ever had. Taru had seen Jiel interact with Aliyah and even he was fearful of her.
“Do not move,” Aliyah instructed coldly.
Then she grabbed Taru’s arm harshly and suddenly they both vanished into rays of light and were gone. When they reappeared they were in a place that was void of everything, blackness surrounded them except for the light that was emanating off Aliyah. Taru fell to the ground, if that’s what you would call the bottom of nothingness, disorientated from travelling in such a way that was foreign to her.
“Remain where you are,” Aliyah instructed. It sounded as if her voice echoed, though there were no walls.
“Where are we?” Taru dared to ask as she trembled on the ground.
“We are on the edge of death,” Aliyah answered. “This is a place that is neither in Jiel’s realm or my realm but I have brought you here to ensure privacy as I am the only one who governs this place. I am not only a messenger but a carrier into the next life and this is where I meet the particular souls I am elected to guide.”
“You have killed me?” Taru asked almost hopefully. It seemed that Aliyah’s voice was the only one that echoed in that place.
“No! Your death will be a complicated situation, if the time should come,” Aliyah answered sharply. “What I have brought you here for is of great importance. Your species have different laws we must abide by when it comes to free will…they are more, shall we say…lenient.” Aliyah looked down at Taru as if she were scolding a child. “I know you heard what I discussed with Ethan and Grace.”
“I will not tell Jiel,” Taru promised, though it was not in her power to promise such a thing.
“That is why I have brought you here.” Aliyah waited for Taru to look at her. When she finally looked up, Aliyah spoke. “Jiel will be able to see straight through your lies and I cannot have that so we shall strike a deal…”
“What will that be?” Taru asked cautiously when Aliyah remained silent. Aliyah grabbed Taru’s arm again and pulled her off the ground. Taru was much shorter than Aliyah and it only added to Taru’s fear.
“I will make a place inside your soul that Jiel cannot see. You will be able to store your secrets there without him knowing and this whole interaction will be the first thing placed there,” Aliyah almost growled.
“Of course,” Taru agreed.
“This will be the second thing,” Aliyah waited to ensure Taru was listening closely. “In the future there may come a time when you find yourself in the story of people named; Annie and Jory. Do you understand thus far?”
“Yes,” Taru answered clearly.
Aliyah didn’t mention to Taru anything about Baden because there were very strict rules around that particular subject. At that stage all that could be done was to wait and see what path Baden would take, if or when he was changed.
“The name Jory will be the trigger for you and you will be aware that your part is coming,” Aliyah explained. “If you find yourself in a position where the one that Annie loves is trapped and needs to be released then this is what you must do; ensure that Annie is in love with both the trapped…”
Aliyah was not sure how to refer to Baden without his name. He would not be a man or a human at the time he was trapped.
“Being,” she decided to call him. “And also in love with Jory. Once this is clear then isolate Jory, discreetly instruct him to stop his heart beating and then kill him without penetrating his skin with any form of weapon. Including your teeth.”
She couldn’t let Jory be killed for the sake of her plan if it could be avoided and this was one way to attempt to avoid it.
Taru nodded vehemently even though she had no idea what on earth this woman was talking about.
“Is that all?” Taru asked.
“If you do this there will be a reward for you,” Aliyah promised. “I will seek you out when the time suits and will offer you a reward. It may be some time after the fact that I seek you out but be aware that it will be well worth your while.”
“Anything else?” Taru asked again, she wanted to make certain she didn’t miss anything.
“Do everything you can to keep the one called ‘Annie Belle’ alive,” Aliyah warned. “Do everything necessary for the fate of mankind and of snatchers may depend on it.”
Suddenly and without warning, Taru felt a burning rip right through her. It felt like someone set inside of her on fire and it was stitching itself through her. The pain was caused by the creation of the part of herself that would be hidden from everyone else. Of course it would be hidden from everyone else except for Aliyah that is, which Taru didn’t know. Thankfully Aliyah wasn’t obliged to tell her.
Taru screamed in pain as she burned on the inside, it was worse than any pain she had ever felt, and she thought it would never end. Then, just as quickly as it had come the pain disappeared and Taru could feel the new part of her. For the first time in centuries she had her own part of her soul. An unusual feeling came across her, a slight feeling of peace knowing she had a part of herself back.
After Aliyah was finished saying everything she needed to for now, and changing Taru to what was required, she released Taru’s arm and she disappeared from Aliyah’s sight.
Taru suddenly appeared back where she was before Aliyah had taken her anywhere. She looked around and saw that everything was as it should be, the trees and ground and sky. The only difference was the part within her soul where she could feel only she could see into.
A smile came to Taru’s face as she felt a small amount of freedom for the first time. Jiel wouldn’t be able to see or detect a part of her and she had that part all to herself, as far as she knew.
Taru reasoned correctly that if she was granted a small portion of privacy from Aliyah’s realm over someone like Jiel then there must be so much more that they could do. With this in mind she started memorizing her instructions, they were nothing but gibberish at the moment but one day they might not be and that is when she would need to act.
What Taru didn’t know was that the secrets that Aliyah had stored with her were locked away and Taru wouldn’t be able to reveal them even if she wanted to. It was only if Aliyah allowed the secrets to be revealed. And at any time, Aliyah could remove that private part of Taru’s soul if she wished, along with all the secrets.
The prophets in Aliyah’s realm had foreseen many different possibilities for the future and not all of them were appealing. The outcomes were very limited and possibly only one meant humanity survived. Aliyah needed to do whatever she could to prevent an apocalypse. In the visions, all the scenarios where Baden was forever trapped in the condemned house showed humanity was lost, so it was imperative that he was released without Annie being killed. Because in the visions of the future where Baden had lost Annie, he was the one to bring ruin to humanity. However, most of the visions where Annie was still alive humanity was saved. Though in most scenarios both Annie and Baden had died together to save all others. So the fate of existence rested on the shoulders of two people, the question was; could they survive it? Or were they willing to lose everything for the sake of others, even their own lives?
Thankfully, Jiel’s diviners were restricted in what they could see because the prophets who had chosen to leave Aliyah’s realm for his had lost the intensity of their visions after leaving the power of her realm. He had less opportunity to see what the consequences of his plans had on the future and it helped Aliyah to keep one step ahead of him. But as everyone knew, the future was a difficult thing to contain. It was like trying to hold water in the palm of your hand, as soon as you grab hold of it no sooner has it started seeping away. So there could be a whole other future…or many that could arise as the future becomes the present, depending on all the variables that cannot be accounted for. This is the weight with which Aliyah had been burdened because her plan to save humanity through Baden would most likely be turned into a disaster. Just more proof that everything can change in an instant.
And so Aliyah had just set yet another plan in place as a precaution for one of the many outcomes that may come to pass in the future. No one had any idea which would be likely to come true but they had to be prepared for all of them…or as many as they could prepare for.

CHAPTER 34:

When Grace and Ethan had finished recounting their part of the story everyone sat in silence. All this time, all these years of pain that Jory had suffered were all a lie. His family had not been torn apart by his father’s actions, they had loved him so much that they gave up their lives to protect him.
Jory looked at Grace for a long moment, taking in the sight of his loving mother. Ethan’s small movement of switching legs to stand on called Jory’s attention to him and he looked over at the father he had hated for his whole life. Jory stood slowly and walked over to Ethan, stopping when he was right in front of him. Ethan just stared at the son that he loved with all of his heart and after a moment Jory threw his arms around his father. Without hesitation Ethan did the same and the pair finally had the reconciliation that they both deserved.
There was no room for contempt in Jory’s heart because his family was now pieced back together. He understood that they needed to do what they had to and now they could be together as a family. Jory finally had his parents back, he finally felt peace.
After Adam, Stewart and Micah had once again successfully rescued Adam they decided to go get Baden from his room. He had been there since they had come back from their previous useless endeavor to rescue Annie.
But when they got to the room and opened the door they all froze in the doorway. Hundreds of crumpled up balls of paper lay strewn throughout the room. On the bed, over the chairs, on the floor. Finally their eyes scanned the room to find Baden sitting at the desk, hand scrunched amongst his hair and him writing something frantically as he hunched over the desk with his back towards them.
“Uh…Baden?” Stewart dared to ask as he stepped into the room.
The others followed behind and they all were careful to not step on the balls of paper on the floor. It was like a minefield as the passed through. Baden hadn’t even looked up to his name being called. They came up to the desk and all stood around, peering down at what he was doing. It looked like he was writing a poem.
Adam bent down and picked up one of the balled up pieces of paper on the floor and started to unfold it.
“If you want to keep your fingers, I suggest you drop the paper,” Baden warned without even looking up. 
Stewart and Micah looked to Adam with stern expressions on their faces. When Adam stood there like a fool just frozen with paper in hand, Stewart grabbed it from him and threw it back on the ground after crumpling it back up. After shaking his head at Adam he turned back to Baden.
“Baden,” Stewart said calmly. “What are you doing?”
“What does it look like I am doing?” He answered bluntly. Stewart glanced at Micah who shrugged his shoulders.
“We can see what you are doing,” Micah interjected. “But why do you look like you have lost your mind?”
Baden finished scratching out the last words of his poem and threw his overworked quill on the desk, being sure that the ink didn’t spill on the paper he needed. His carefulness wasn’t completely necessary because his hand was covered in ink, kind of defeating the purpose anyway. Finally he looked up at Micah who took a step away from Baden.
“I am missing the one I love, Micah. Would you not lose your mind if you had?” Baden asked uncouthly.
Adam and Stewart looked at Micah with compassion, obviously Baden had forgotten that Micah had lost Taru not that long ago. Either that or he didn’t consider it love between them. But love is a funny thing that means different things to different people.
But Adam and Stewart had noticed the affect losing Taru had on Micah and they had tried to comfort him but it had done no good. Micah had been quiet about it though, he didn’t let his emotions spill onto everyone, unlike Baden. It wouldn’t be too much of a problem if Baden’s primary emotions weren’t pain and anger.
“Well, the good news is we know where Annie is,” Adam said trying to cover up the awkwardness. Stewart slapped Adam across the arm as Micah looked at him horrified and Baden shot his head around.
“What?” Baden yelled, pushing his chair back and standing to his full height. The three men stood back as a knee-jerk reaction, preparing for the worst.
“Well, we do not know exactly,” Stewart said bravely. “The one following Annie has arrived back and…”
Baden didn’t listen to another word. He grabbed the piece of paper he had been writing on, folded it neatly and placed it into his interior breast pocket. Before anyone could warn him to be as delicate as possible because of the situation, Baden was out the door. Stewart’s shoulders slumped in frustration then he hit Adam across the arm again.
“Can you ever do anything right?” Stewart asked angrily then made his way out the door. Micah pulled his lips tight to show the awkwardness he felt then ran out the room after Stewart.
“Sometimes,” Adam called out loudly in response.
Instead of leaving the room Adam picked up one of the pieces of paper on the floor and started to open it. He was curious as to what Baden had written. Before he had a chance to read the first word he looked up to find Stewart watching him from the doorway, a stern look on his face. Adam quickly scrunched up the piece of paper again and threw it over his shoulder. Unfortunately it hit the inkwell on the table and knocked it over, spilling it everywhere. Adam heard the mishap happen behind him but decided to ignore it. He jutted his chin up and out, then left the room indignantly. Stewart rolled his eyes and righted the inkwell before he left.
Baden burst through the door of Amaury’s chamber and interrupted the moment between Jory’s family.
“Where is she?” He asked Grace as he stormed up to her where she sat.
“Baden, this is my…” but Jory didn’t have a chance to finish.
“Mother. I know,” Baden brushed him off.
“How?” Jory asked, looking at Grace for the answer.
“I can smell it and see it in her soul,” Baden said hurriedly. They were wasting time. “Where is Annie?”
“We need a plan first, Baden,” Everard reasoned.
“Then let us plan!” Baden said urgently.
He grabbed the nearest chair, pulled it close and sat down facing Grace, which was rather confronting but that wasn’t something that occurred to a man with a mission. Especially when that man was Baden.
“Baden, please,” Jory said.
“It is fine, Jory,” Grace assured. “This is what we need to do right now.”
Adam, Stewart and Micah all stumbled into the room and everyone looked at them. They straightened themselves up and quietly made their way over to stand behind Martha and Everard. When they were settled everyone refocused.
“Now, I suggest it be a sneak attack,” Grace began. “Only take the amount of snatchers needed to defend yourselves and no more.”
“And I suggest, no killing,” Martha chimed in. When Baden looked at her with furrowed brow she stood her ground. “That is what Annie would want.” Baden’s face softened with the mention of her name, much to everyone’s relief.
“Who will be going?” Adam asked, half worried and half excited that he might be chosen.
“It would depend on how many there are,” Micah reasoned.
“There are very few,” Grace informed.
“Is Eli there?” Baden asked and everyone fell silent.
Grace could feel the tension and she looked at Baden, deciding on whether to answer or not. After a moment she nodded her head slightly and Baden’s lips tightened. Just the thought of him near Annie made him sick.
“How many are there?” Stewart asked to try and distract Baden.
“I would say that there were only five but I think more were headed in…and there seemed to be humans there,” Grace recalled.
“Humans?” Everard repeated, thinking aloud.
So they all sat around brainstorming the best course of action. They all decided that it would be best if Adam remained behind because of what happened the last time and well…because of Adam in general.
They talked and made plans for quite some time. Someone would bring up a plan then everyone had some downside to it. They disagreed on many things, which irritated Baden. But eventually they came to an agreement.
And much to Baden’s relief their plan was finally decided, the next morning Grace would show them where the place was then leave. Then the others would wait until night fell, giving them an advantage against the trackers and time to watch what was going on there. From there Baden would take the lead.
There were a few who didn’t agree that Baden should take the lead but after one person voiced their opposing opinion the others decided not to. Baden wasn’t the most rational person right now. 
So now it was just a matter of time until everything was finished…one way or another.
CHAPTER 35:

Annie sat in the room, all alone. No one had come in to see her since she was put there and she hadn’t moved an inch. One night however, on the fringe of morning she heard two sets of feet headed her way. She sat up straighter and moved further back, preparing for who it might be.
When the door creaked open and Abe stuck his head in Annie had to take a second look. When he spotted her he raised his finger to his lips to silently tell her to keep quiet as he snuck in. The person who came in after him was even more surprising, it was Emily. Annie went to speak but Emily reminded her to keep quiet with a finger to her lips, just as Abe had. They were both dressed in black trousers and black shirts and if the situation hadn’t been so dangerous Annie thought she might actually laugh.
Emily was carrying some extra back clothes that she held close to her and from what Annie could see, they seemed to be about her own size. Abe closed the door silently and he and Emily crept up to where Annie sat. He held up a key to show Annie that he was about to unlock her and she couldn’t keep the smile off her face.
He bent down and pushed the key into the little lock and turned it, except it didn’t turn. He fiddled with it and became rather frustrated to the point where he was starting to rattle the chains. Emily grabbed his hand before he could give them away and took over. She handed him the clothes she was holding and moved into his place. She pulled the key out and placed it back in the lock and it unlocked like a dream. She looked at him triumphant and he couldn’t help but smile at her victory. And suddenly Annie noticed that the two were in love.
Their souls were as one and they were beautifully and lovingly entwined together. It brought tears to Annie’s eyes and she was truly happy for them both. 
Emily went to work on the rest of the locks and when they were all unlocked everyone helped to remove them quietly. They gently placed the chains down so they didn’t make the slightest noise. Abe handed Annie the clothes and she took them. He silently instructed her by pointing to the clothes then to Annie then out the door. Annie nodded to show that she understood then Abe and Emily left. As soon as she was alone, Annie quickly got changed into the black trousers and shirt, which were rather tight but comfortable none the less.
Annie snuck up to the door and opened it as quietly as she could. When she peaked her head out she could see the coast was clear but she couldn’t see Abe or Emily. Deciding not to tarry she made her way through the house. When she had been brought into this house she hadn’t been blindfolded so she remembered how to get out easily. When she was clear of the door and into the surrounding trees she was almost ecstatic…until she heard footsteps.  She would have been worried but she sensed who they were and she turned to find Abe and Emily following. They both gestured to keep quiet with one finger to their lips and Annie nodded, smiling at how thorough they were.
And they all began to run. Annie kept pace with them, which felt like a very slow pace but at least they were getting away. The sun peaked over the mountains off in the distance and their speed became more urgent. When they were far enough away Abe pulled off to the side and scurried down into a small embankment so as not to be seen. Emily and Annie followed suit.
“How on earth did you do that?” Annie asked, making sure she listened out for anyone that might be coming. Abe smiled widely and started nodding his head, showing his approval of his own performance.
“Emily and I planned it!” He said proudly. “She organised your clothes and I organised to be put on guard.”
“We scouted around the area to check where guards had been set out and we planned out the escape,” Emily chimed in. “When we were confident we could do it we stole the key and here we are.”
Annie had never been so proud of anyone. These two little rascals had been so brave.
“Why?” She asked breathlessly. Emily and Abe looked at each other sweetly before they explained.
“We have seen some things here that we do not agree with,” Abe said delicately. “Emily and I do not know how they will react to our relationship and we do not want to risk her safety.” Abe looked down to the ground, sullen at his own thoughts. “I do not believe the trackers are as honorable as they think they are.”
Annie just nodded in understanding. She could feel Abe’s dismay and guilt at the very thought of betraying the people he had believed in but this was part of growing up. He was choosing his own way and, in Annie’s opinion, he was choosing right because he was choosing love.
“You and Baden have saved both of our lives and without either of you we would never have made it to here,” Emily said humbly. “We owe everything we have to you both.”
Annie almost cried at the lovely words. She smiled that her and Baden’s kind actions had come back around to help them. She took one of Abe’s hands and one of Emily’s.
“I can see how much you both love each other,” Annie said with a soft smile. “And I think the choice to leave together rather than stay is a wise one. Be sure to protect yourself from others and keep your love for only yourselves.” The two young ones nodded at her words and she could feel their admiration.
“Thank you,” Emily said shyly. “Thank you for being the only one to protect me. You did not have to but you took it upon yourself to save my life and I am truly grateful.” She couldn’t say enough to thank Annie for what she had done.
“And thank you for saving me,” Abe joined in. He felt the need to voice his own gratefulness, even though it had already been said. “If it was not for you, Emily and I would never have met and I most likely would never have realised what I had gotten myself into with the trackers.”
“We helped you because you were worth helping,” Emily added. “You are the only one who has shown us unconditional love.” Annie’s eyes started to well with tears and she couldn’t speak for a moment. She pulled them into an embrace and they returned the affection.
“Keep safe,” Annie said in a teary mess. “Do whatever you must to keep each other safe.” They moved away from the hug and Abe and Emily took each other’s hand.
“Would you like us to show you how to get back?” Abe offered.
“I should be fine,” Annie declined with a smile. “You two get on your way and if you ever need anything come and find me.” She didn’t want them with her in case she happened to be captured again. They would be in all sorts of trouble then.
With a grateful smile from them both they left, hand in hand. And without realising they had touched Annie’s heart in a way that no one else ever had.
After Annie made sure that Emily and Abe were safely well on their way she started on hers. She wasn’t sure where she was but with her heightened senses she was confident that she could make it back.
She moved slowly to begin with, appreciating her freedom. But when she started to think about Baden she ran, faster and faster through the trees. She ran towards the man who held her soul.
After she had been running for quite some time, well into the morning there was an interruption. As she ran a sudden gust of wind rushed around her and she paused, covering her eyes from the debris of leaves and sticks. When she looked back up, Aliyah stood before her.
“Annie, where are you heading?” Aliyah asked in her neutral way.
“To Baden,” Annie answered. Shouldn’t the answer be obvious?
“If you are headed back to the institution it will take you most of the day, especially because you do not know how to find it,” Aliyah gave the useless fact.
“And…” Annie wasn’t sure what Aliyah was getting at.
“Are you sure you want to head to the institution?” Aliyah asked.
You see, she knew what was going to happen when the others went to look for Annie. It was all going to end in disaster…that was unless Annie was there to stop it. And if Annie went back to the institution she may not have time to get back to where she had been captured, where everything was going to erupt and possibly change the future for the worse.
“Yes, I am certain,” Annie said slowly, looking at Aliyah as if she were strange.
Aliyah was desperate to make Annie see but there was only so much she could do. She wasn’t allowed to step in and tell someone to go on a different path, she was only allowed to step in once they had gone down that path and offer a solution…that’s if there was one. Aliyah just stood there staring at Annie, hoping that she would understand.
“Is there anything else you want?” Annie asked, seeing that she was obviously missing something but couldn’t guess what. Aliyah waited a moment longer then gave up, there was nothing she could do.
“No…” Aliyah said sounding almost defeated. “Just be on your way.”
Annie hesitated for a moment before she started into a sprint. She had no idea what Aliyah had been alluding to but she figured it was something bad and it sent a fear through Annie that she couldn’t shake.
So she ran and she ran as fast as her legs would carry her.
Her fear was mounting, especially when she found herself lost. She stopped to try and get her bearings and she almost succumbed to the tears that were coming but she stopped them just in time. Crying was not going to help the situation, it was just going to slow things up and make everything feel worse. She was getting all mixed up with her direction because her feelings were overwhelming her.
So after she had calmed herself she was again on her way back to Baden.

CHAPTER 36:

The morning that Annie had been freed was the same morning that the group was on their way to her. Grace led Micah, Stewart, Baden, Jory, Ethan and Everard to the place where they thought Annie was being kept. They were all dressed in black once again and were all preparing themselves for the worst.
Baden was furious that they had to go at such a slow pace compared to how fast he could run but they were just going to have to wait until night fell when they got there anyway so it didn’t really make a difference. He was even more incensed when they came to a large gully that they had to divert around, making it take even longer. He could have just jumped it but the others would have fallen. Another reason he would have like to do this himself.
When they were close enough to make it the rest of the way on their own after some instruction, Grace gave a warm goodbye to Jory and Ethan and a quick farewell to the others. Before she left Baden said a heartfelt thank you to Grace, he really was grateful that she had risked so much to help Annie. Grace paused in surprise as he looked at her with a vulnerability in his eyes that softened her heart. She gave him a kind smile then headed back to the institution.
As she made her way back she tried not to worry but the two men she loved with all her heart were risking their lives and she couldn’t calm herself down.
Now that Grace was gone Baden took over. They made it to the tracker’s camp quickly and they all hid separately to be more inconspicuous, spreading out through the trees that surrounded the clearing and being careful not to let the trackers guarding the perimeters see them.
It was coming into late afternoon and Baden was almost losing his patience. Surely they had waited long enough? Just when he was about to give the signal there was a sudden noise off in the trees to Baden’s right. After a moment Jory started walking out into the clearing with his hands up in the air and head facing the ground. Before Baden scolded Jory he realised that there was a tracker behind him, holding a dagger to his back.
“If there are more of you, reveal yourselves,” The tracker yelled into the air. He was a young man, someone Baden had never seen. Before anyone else could give themselves up four other trackers appeared from the trees, daggers in hand.
The trackers hadn’t expected Baden to organise something so soon, they hadn’t even changed the humans into snatchers yet and now they were at the disadvantage. Eli had known all along that they were being followed by a snatcher but he wanted that. He wanted to lead the snatchers into unknown territory and the plan was to ambush them, using the descendants to kill them because they weren’t sure who of their attacking group were immortal and who wasn’t. So it was best just to use descendants for all of them. Eli was also planning to have many more trackers there but now it seemed that they would have to improvise because they were caught off guard.
Baden clenched his jaw in frustration. Why couldn’t everyone just do as they were told and stay out of harm’s way? Now Baden had to think of a way to help Jory and save Annie. But of course Annie was the first priority. As Baden began to make his way around the tree line towards the house he saw something that stopped him in his tracks, Ethan came walking out of the trees. He was giving himself up. Baden stood frozen in disbelief.
“Why?” Baden whispered to himself in frustration. He heard Ethan lying to the trackers, saying there was no one else with them.
This was it, Baden had to get Annie out and get her to safety then he would have to come back and help the other fools who came along with him.
He was inside the house quicker than anyone could see and heading towards the room where Grace had explained Annie was being kept. He could feel someone who wasn’t Annie in there and it sent a fury through him that consumed who he was.
Baden broke down the door easily and stormed in, though he stopped as soon as he saw who was standing there. In his rush he didn’t have to time to sense who it had been just that it hadn’t been Annie. Eli stood there, Annie’s abandoned clothes in his hand next to chains on the floor. To be honest it looked damning and Baden took the scene as something other than what really had happened. He ignored the confusion and shock he felt Eli had at coming upon the scene himself. Instead of taking a moment to figure it out, Baden let his rage take over.
Eli only had time to throw the clothes down before Baden was charging him. He barged into Eli but instead of tackling him to the ground, Baden pushed him through the thick, wooden wall at the back of the room. The wood cracked and splintered as the force of them tore through and they fell outside. Everyone in the clearing nearby froze and turned to face the commotion.
Once everyone hiding saw what Baden had done they decided there was no use in hiding anymore. Everyone ran out of the trees and targeted one tracker each. The tracker behind Jory went to stab him through with the dagger but Jory dodged out of the way and came around the back of him, attacking him from behind. Ethan went for the one that was coming up behind Jory, narrowly stopping him from daggering his son.
It was hard because everyone was trying to abide by the rules of no killing, so whilst they were trying to keep the trackers alive the trackers were trying to kill them. How were they ever going to win this? But if they killed even one tracker then the feud between trackers and snatchers would be cemented and there would be no hope of peace between them.
The forest was alive with commotion and chaos but the most violent of them all were Eli and Baden. Neither of them was holding back and each blow was worse than the last. Baden was dominating the fight, his fury of finding no Annie and his hatred of Eli making him almost unstoppable.
When they were up from their tumble Baden was on his feet first and he grabbed Eli and dragged him into the clearing, tossing him to the ground like a ragdoll. But Eli was agile and back on his feet before Baden was after him. He blocked a few of Baden’s swings that were aimed at his head but that left his ribs open and Baden went for them. Snapping two of Eli’s ribs with the bottom of his open palm, Eli lurched over in pain and Baden used his other fist to meet his face on the way down. Baden pushed Eli to the ground and waited for him to get back up. When he didn’t he looked down at his brother as if he thought him pathetic.
“I am going to make your death slow and painful,” Baden hissed.
He had thrown away the rule of no killing as he let his anger overtake who he was. Right now he was the monster that he used to be and he would stop at nothing to bring a world of pain on his brother.
“Do not forget, brother,” Eli said bitterly. “You have just as much chance of dying as I do now.”
Baden jutted his jaw towards him as a challenge so Eli jumped off the ground and prepared for the fight. He ran at Baden and tackled him to the ground. Who knew how long this was going to go on for?
Earlier that day Annie had been running the long way around when she heard footsteps. Her confused path had inadvertently kept her a fraction closer to where she was being held captive opposed to getting her closer to the institution.
Annie paused and hid behind a tree, waiting for whoever it was to appear. As a woman came into view she could tell she was a snatcher and there was something altogether familiar about her. Suddenly the snatcher slowed and then completely stopped her run, just a few feet away from where Annie hid. She turned towards the trees where Annie had forgotten to stay hidden in her attempt to recognise the stranger. She turned around and saw Annie standing there and she froze.
“Annie,” Grace said breathlessly. Annie looked at her, confused that she knew her name.
“Do I know you?” Annie asked as she inched closer to Grace.
“I…you…” but Grace had lost her words. “Annie…they are there to rescue you.”
“Who are?” Annie was completely lost in the situation.
“Baden…everyone,” Grace stammered. “Everyone!”
Annie’s heart raced at the mention of Baden’s name and the feeling of fear that was rolling off this stranger.
“Where are they?” Annie asked urgently, taking another step closer to Grace.
“They are where you were trapped, hidden deep in the forest,” Grace answered, still standing there looking shocked.
“But Eli is there,” Annie said uselessly. She hadn’t seen Eli there for quite some time but she was sure he still would be.
As she put it all together in her mind she saw it play out and she started to panic. Baden would find her missing…clothes strewn across the floor, Eli seemingly the one to blame.
“Baden will kill him,” Annie whispered under her breath. Grace just started shaking her head.
“No, they agreed to not harm anyone,” Grace assured but it wasn’t enough for Annie.
A fear started to flow through her whole body as it all came crashing together. She started shaking her head.
“It does not matter what Baden agreed to,” Annie almost yelled. “He will not be able to contain his anger once he finds that I am not there and he will surely kill Eli!”
Annie knew Baden too well and she knew he wouldn’t be able to handle the temptation of finally having the perfect setting to play out his revenge. It wouldn’t be an outright brutal murder, he could pass it off as self-defense even though it would be obvious that it wasn’t.
“They are there, I took them there this morning,” Grace practically mumbled but Annie still heard it. “They planned to find you after night had fallen.”
Before Annie even asked for the woman’s name or said goodbye she was off running. In the distance she heard the woman advise her to pick up Baden’s trail and follow that but all Annie could think about was the timeline. This morning? This morning! Just as she was escaping they were heading for her. If only she had stayed where she was then she could have stopped all of this. But how was she to know? All of a sudden she realised why Aliyah had stopped her. She shook her head in disbelief, why couldn’t she have just told her? Why hadn’t she taken a moment to listen to Aliyah instead of rushing back to Baden?
Damn, it was too late now. All Annie could do now was run and run she did.
She started to try and get an idea of everything in her mind; it was midday and she had been running for hours away from the trackers. Could she make it back in time to stop Baden from losing any chance of peace? She truly believed that with time, Eli would see sense and there would be a truce between snatchers and trackers but not if Baden killed Eli. How could any of them be so stupid as to not see this coming? Annie knew that Baden would not have set out to cause havoc but after he realised that she wasn’t there he wouldn’t be able to think straight, he would just let the anger take over. Just like her desire to see Baden took over her sense when Aliyah had shown up. If Annie hadn’t taken time to stop and think in such a calm situation she could only imagine what would happen when someone like Baden was thrown into a much more intense one.
Annie’s panic spurred her on as she ran faster than she ever had. Low branches and leaves were flicking her face but she didn’t care. She was nothing but a blur as she ran through the trees, desperate to stop Baden from doing something that he might ultimately regret, for one reason or another. He had come too far from who he used to be to step back into his hatred. She needed to stop him. Her agility was flawless, jumping over fallen trees and dodging bushes and holes in the ground perfectly.
She ran for hours and now the sun started to sit low in the sky. She wasn’t sure how much longer it was until she reached them. What she didn’t know was that at that moment the fight had erupted back in the field.
She started breathing heavier as she pushed herself to the brink of her strength. As she ran, up ahead she spied a gully that fell roughly sixty feet to a small river that was flowing below. She had been tracking Baden’s trail for the last few hours but now it followed along the gully, as did the others who had been with him. She didn’t have time to go around. Her estimations were it was at least twenty feet wide, if not more. It would take far too long to run to the end of and go around, it was miles away. And worse still she couldn’t see any bridges in sight. She hadn’t crossed this on her way back to the institution because she had gotten lost and ended up going around it.
The gully was approaching rapidly and there was only one thing that she could do…jump it. She had to increase her speed if she wanted to make it across. Her heart beat fast and she took deep breaths as she approached the gully.
Waiting until the last minute, she launched her foot off the very edge of the drop off. As she moved through the air her hair flicked out wildly behind her and if anyone was watching they wouldn’t have believed their eyes. Annie tried to keep as streamline as she could but she could tell she was about to fall about a foot short of her target. She reached out as she started falling down and grabbed onto the other side of the gully as securely as she could.
Her ribs smacked against the edge so hard that she heard a few of them snap. But she didn’t scream in pain, there was no time. She started slipping because there was nothing but dirt to grab hold of. Some of her nails broke as she clawed at the dirt because of small rocks in the soil. To counteract her slipping she began pushing against the gully wall with her feet to try and boost herself up but it was too brittle and her feet slipped every time.
Annie let out a small whimper as she started to lose hope that she was going to make it to Baden in time. Tears started to fill her eyes not because she was about to fall and seriously injure herself but because Baden’s mistake would affect so many people she loved. Her loved ones could be used to take revenge for Baden killing Eli and Annie could never live with herself if that happened. If she fell down the gully there was no way she could heal in time, find a way out and make it there before something irrevocable happened.
Before she could come up with a plan to save herself her hands slipped and she started falling down the gorge. She clawed at the side of the gully as she fell, her face and body getting scratched up from the jagged rocks. Suddenly her feet crashed onto a ledge that jutted out and she landed in a crumpled heap against the hard surface. She was badly bruised, one of her legs were jarred and her body had scratches all over it but nothing too serious. Except for the broken ribs from earlier.
As she lay there on her back, the dust kicked up all around her, she tried to look everywhere to see if there was a way out. But there was far more dust than she had expected blowing around and she had to cover her eyes until it stopped.
Finally when she could see again she saw a thick vine hanging down from up over the gully’s edge, just a few feet away from the ledge she sat on. Why hadn’t she noticed that before? She was almost certain that it hadn’t been there before…surely she hadn’t missed it? She couldn’t tell if it was secured to something above or not but there was only one way to find out.
Picking herself off the ground on shaky, damaged legs Annie leaned against the gully wall and tried to reach out and grab the vine. She stretched as far as she could but it was just out of her reach, especially with the restrictions a few broken ribs gave. So, she prepared herself for the jump. If the vine wasn’t secured to something and she fell then there was nothing she could do but if she didn’t try it she would be stuck on the ledge for goodness knows how long. Besides, it didn’t seem too far away and if she missed it she could always try and grab it as she was falling because it looked like it ran the length of the entire gully. Standing on the very edge of the small ledge she jumped without hesitation, stretching her arms out as far as she could. She hit her shoulder on a sharp rock that was sitting out further than the rest of the gully face and it cut the skin of her shoulder to the bone but she still managed to grab the vine with one hand.
She waited for the falling dust that had been thrown around by a sudden gust of wind to settle. Looking down she watched the quiet stream trickle along peacefully and it made her want to cry. Why did it all have to be this hard? Why couldn’t the ones trying to do the right thing not have so many obstacles? Before she could give in she stopped her defeatist attitude, it wasn’t going to help anyone. She looked up and started climbing.
Though her arm was in incredible pain she forced it to keep moving. Using her bruised legs to push against the gully she slowly worked her way up the steep face. It was painful and it was difficult. Every move she made forced tears of pain to roll down her sweet face. The salty tears streaked through the dust on her cheeks, leaving trails as they did. She was not only in pain from the damage to her body but worse was the pain from the bane that burned through her as it healed every broken part.
But eventually, this brave little Annie made it to the top and used the vine to help her over the edge. When she was on safe ground again she stood, there was no time to waste. As she started to run she noticed that the vine had been tied securely to the trunk of a small but sturdy tree. Someone had to have fastened it there and where on earth did they get a durable vine that long? So many questions came to mind as she looked around to try and see if she could spot someone who might have tied it but there was no one.
Giving up on finding her helper she ran towards Baden. As she ran she asked whoever might be listening to let her make it in time.

CHAPTER 37:

Baden and Eli had both given as good as they got. Baden could have finished Eli many times but he wanted to draw it out and make his brother suffer for everything he had done to Annie. Eli went to punch Baden but he grabbed his fist and snapped two of his fingers before Eli could even blink. But Eli didn’t miss a beat, putting some distance between them so he could recover. But of course, Baden wasn’t going to let him off that easy. He was upon Eli quickly, hitting him in the face with his fist causing Eli to fall to the ground. Rolling over on his stomach he subtly removed his dagger from his coat, coughing as he did to cover the sound.
When he heard Baden had cleared the distance between them Eli jumped to his feet and spun around with a burst of energy. Dagger clasped tightly in hand, Eli hit Baden with clenched fists as hard as he could on both sides of his head, mainly the ears. The action, especially with help from the handle of the dagger, burst Baden’s eardrums and put him off balance.
Eli took his moment. He thrust the dagger towards Baden’s chest.
As Eli moved his arm towards his brother, he could taste victory. He could imagine it now, a world without Baden. Then the real reason why he was doing all of this came to mind…
Annie.
He finally admitted within himself that he was doing this for Annie and he wanted to be the only one she could turn to. He wanted to be her only.
He didn’t think about what she wanted because to him he knew best and she would see that eventually. He just needed to get rid of Baden so she could see it. Eli would leave it all; being a tracker, his wealth, he would give up everything just to be with her.
As the dagger drew closer to Baden’s chest and his death felt almost imminent, something crashed into Eli that was as heavy as a horse. Eli dropped his dagger and found himself tumbling across the ground, being pummeled by Stewart. Eli pushed Stewart off with the momentum of the tackle and another tracker took over in trying to restrain Stewart.
Baden gathered himself together and froze when he saw Eli’s dagger lying on the grass, just waiting to be picked up. What sweet revenge, to kill Eli with his own dagger. Baden saw Eli realise the situation but Baden was faster, he was on his feet and had grabbed the dagger before Eli could even move. Baden stalked up to Eli, who slowly moved back.
The others were fighting furiously around them, trying hard not to kill the trackers, but Baden couldn’t hear them. His ear drums hadn’t finished healing yet and he couldn’t hear their screams to stop. Stop and remember that they weren’t meant to kill anyone.
When everyone in the field realised what Baden was about to do they started to forget that they were fighting each other and the fighting slowed to a halt at the gravity of the situation. Everyone, trackers and snatchers, watched on in horror at something they couldn’t stop. No one dared to confront Baden because goodness knows what he would do. Baden’s old self, his hate-filled self, had resurfaced for this one moment to take revenge on his brother. The look of murder written all over his face and the face of a nightmare that so many had seen was now witnessed by all in the field.
Eli stood helpless as his unstoppable brother approached him slowly…viciously, like an animal. As Baden moved closer Eli mouthed the word monster to his brother and it sparked the deepest hatred within Baden. The look that came across Baden’s face was terrifying and the image of him was ghastly; dagger in hand, blood over his knuckles and murder in his eyes as he skulked towards his victim. And everyone was powerless to stop it.
Suddenly they all forgot what they had been fighting for as they stood helplessly by, unable to save Eli from Baden’s brutality. If anyone even went near them he would probably stab them without even glancing at who it was. Eli was about to die and they all knew it.
Annie was running. She was running as fast as she could. The bane had healed her as she ran because it flowed more quickly through her body. And now she was at top speed, moving like the wind through the trees. She could hear the slow movements of Baden’s steps on the grass. She was so close that she could taste him in the air and what she tasted confirmed her fears, he was going to kill Eli.
As Annie ran she started screaming his name. Screaming Baden at the top of her lungs but she didn’t know he couldn’t hear her. And the others who were in the field had nowhere near sharp enough hearing to detect her.
As her screaming pleas rang out through the forest she couldn’t help the tears that started to choke her. Everything was about to change, more than anyone knew and there was nothing she could do. She was so close…so close to rescuing Baden from himself.
“Baden!” Annie screamed out as she ran, she screamed as if her life depended on it.
Her hair whipped wildly behind her and her heart raced with pain. Her voice was husky and broken as she approached the field. She could see him, she could feel him. His back was to her, he was hurt and he hadn’t heard her cries. He was moving towards Eli and everyone was just watching him. They were afraid to approach him because he was wild and unpredictable. But she had to.
Her legs carried her closer and closer to Baden. The helpless onlookers started to notice her now and they watched as she ran, screaming Baden’s name. She was the only one who could stop him now. Eli’s eyes caught sight of Annie as Baden came upon him but Baden wouldn’t be distracted by the small shift of his target’s gaze.
Baden thrust the dagger towards Eli’s chest as hard as he could. Annie reached them just as Baden pushed his arm out and without thought she stepped in front of Eli.
Baden’s face turned from triumph to terror as the dagger pushed through Annie’s chest and straight into her heart.
It sank deep and it burned like the fire of the sun through her. She had never felt a pain more acute, more purging than this. The pain rid her of everything else except itself. It was not only physical but it caused an ache deep within her soul, forcing her body to accept that the one who she had loved had betrayed her. Even though she knew that wasn’t the case, she knew he thought he was killing Eli, this was the result of dying by the hand of your loved one; the burden of being a snatcher. The betrayal stitched through her. She wanted to speak, to say she forgave him but her body refused her the right. All it allowed her to do was to absorb the agony and feel the emptiness that she would be gone, away from her love forever.
Never to see him again.
To know that he had taken her soul because he had not loved her enough not to, not loved her enough to restrain the desire for revenge within himself. This should never have happened but he allowed it to. And in her death, Annie felt for the first time all of the despair of Baden, the weight of his anger and rage. She felt the worst part of him, the blackest part he had and it seared her heart. The curse of dying by the hand of your loved one.
The curse of being loved by Baden.
She had never felt it to be a cruse before, his love had always been a blessing but as the darkness faded in and her heart began to freeze she couldn’t help the sinking feeling that she had been wrong. That he had blackened her.
Annie refused to let herself die feeling this so she looked her last at the face she loved, Baden’s face. But it was not as she remembered for it was covered in tears before she closed her eyes and saw her last glimpse of him. In the dying embers of her last moments on earth, that fading feeling that he had not been enough vanished and she died with the love she once knew, renewed and reawakened within everything she was. Her love for him had overthrown the burden given in death and rid her of the doubts it invoked. Her last breath whispering his name.
And in her very last moment she became the only snatcher to conquer the curse snatchers had been given from the beginning of their existence. A curse that they had not been told of and was only known by those who had died by the hands of their lovers, who died despising the very one they had loved.
Instead she died loving the one who took her life.
Annie crumpled into Baden’s arms and he caught her lifeless body. He fell to his knees and held her as her body slumped against his. His mouth had fallen open as he tried to scream out in pain but nothing would come out. His tears were never ceasing as he held onto her. He had killed her, he had killed the one he loved because he was so consumed with revenge and hatred.
Everyone in the field stood there in silence, pain filled silence as they watched brokenness and loss cover everyone standing there. Micah, Stewart, Everard, Jory and Ethan lost their sight to tears as they realised that Annie was truly gone. The one they had all been trying to save, the one they cared for so dearly killed by the one that she loved.
And she was gone.
Eli stood there watching in disbelief. All he had wanted was Annie, all he needed was her and now she was lying there in Baden’s arms…lifeless. The other trackers who were there looked to him and saw his eyes filled with tears. It’s as if you could actually see his heart break.
It was over…all of the fighting, all of the trying…it was all over.
This one woman, a snatcher, had given her life trying to ensure that there was nothing that could be used to fuel the hatred between enemies. The trackers walked over to Eli and took him by the arms, helping him away from the scene that had now changed them all. And as Eli took one last glance at the one he loved he lost himself in the pain, knowing that he would never be the same again.
Baden looked at no one. He kept his eyes on Annie, brushing her hair out of her face. Her body had scratches all over it and bruises discolored her perfect, creamy skin. This couldn’t be the end, he had worked so hard for her, to get her back. They had been through so much together. He lived for her and her alone and now she was gone, because of him. The only soul that was worthy of saving was gone because he had killed it.
Holding her close and screaming his pain from the loss into her soft neck he knew it would never end. He would be broken forever. His heart was beyond broken, it was shattered into shards and crushed into dust along with his soul.
He had regained his hearing and heard as each of the men in the field left him to his misery. They all cherished Annie in their own way, whether it be as a father to his daughter, a brother for his sister, the one they loved or someone who they simply admired and now they had lost her too. Because of him.
Their pain was louder than their words could have been as they left in silence. Their tears were unceasing as they ran from the horrible sight in the field. The nightmare worse than any other.

CHAPTER 38:

Aliyah was standing at her place of black nothingness, at the edge of death waiting for the soul to arrive. A bell sound had trilled indicating that one of the souls she was governing had passed and she was to meet them. When they arrived she lost all her words as it was Annie standing before her. A long silence fell between them and Annie just stood there staring at Aliyah.
“Annie…” Aliyah said breathlessly. “What are you doing here?”
“I…I am not sure,” Annie answered honestly. “I thought…I was…killed.” Aliyah’s panic actually showed on her face and she lost her calm exterior.
“This cannot be!” Aliyah almost yelled. If Annie died then this was one of the futures that meant havoc was about to reign.
Though Aliyah had made it that if Annie dies then Baden would, in one of the prophet’s visions Baden was offered another life source from the other realm, from Jiel’s realm. And he would belong to them. So, if Baden wasn’t with Annie then he either hadn’t removed the dagger from Annie’s lifeless body or Jiel was about to be the victor.
Baden sat alone in the field, holding onto Annie in his brokenness. He didn’t know how much time had passed and he didn’t care. He just wanted to die and he hoped that soon he would. He started to feel the hollowness creep in, the ache of loss and he was losing his energy.
And at that very moment he truly hated himself. He had never been more disgusted with anyone’s actions more than with his own. He deserved to be punished with something more severe than death, he deserved to live out his life in pain and misery, always knowing that he killed Annie. He killed the loveliest soul that lived. He began to feel tired, as if he was about to fall asleep but he hadn’t slept in years. He hadn’t needed to.
Suddenly Aliyah disappeared into a burst of light in the blackness and left Annie on the edge of death by herself. Annie stood there alone but not in darkness for her soul lit up the space as Aliyah’s had, if not more so.
Aliyah appeared in the field where Baden held onto Annie, in a gust of wind and light. There was no time, she had to fix this. If this was one of the futures where both Annie and Baden died then there was no hope at all for humanity.
The dagger being in Annie had suspended the process of Baden dying straight away but as soon as Aliyah moved Annie into the other realm then Baden would die soon after. He was even fading now. Usually the dagger still being in a snatcher prohibited the soul from being transported but in Annie and Baden’s case because of their joint union, created by a deal with Aliyah, it was allowable. The rules didn’t fully apply here which is why she was in such a panic to quickly rectify this.
Baden looked up to Aliyah but didn’t move. His grief from the loss of Annie was surrounding him like a thick cloud and Aliyah had to take control.
“Baden, this is not the end,” Aliyah said in her harsh way. “Move away from Annie for a moment!” She demanded.
He just looked at her, incapable of moving. Aliyah took Annie’s body gently from his arms and laid her out on the grass. She pulled the dagger from Annie’s chest and threw it away.
“What are you doing?” Baden asked, too afraid to move in case it proved that all of this was really happening.
“Kneel beside her Baden!” Aliyah yelled. Nothing was going to get through to Baden except for harsh tones. He did as he was told and knelt beside his love. “Place your hands over the wound on her chest,” she instructed. Now Aliyah stood back to ensure that she did not interfere.
“Like this?” Baden asked as he placed his hands over the stab wound. 
Annie’s blood was seeping out at an alarming rate and the bane wasn’t healing her. His hands were trembling from fear as he looked at Annie. He kept saying he was sorry, over and over again. Aliyah could feel herself being tugged towards the edge of death again, the forces of her realm were expecting her to transport Annie immediately but she refused to go anywhere at the moment. Aliyah being on earth was the only reason why Annie wasn’t completely gone yet, why her body still remained as it was.
“Baden!” Aliyah screamed and it shocked Baden enough that he looked at her. “You need to concentrate. You can bring her back!” Baden looked from Aliyah to Annie to Aliyah then back to Annie.
“How?” He asked, looking at Annie’s face through tear filled eyes.
“Do you remember that time when Annie was dying and you healed her?” Aliyah asked and he simply nodded. “Do that now.”
“Do what now? I do not know how I did that,” he said frantically.
“I cannot tell you,” she said impatiently. “You must understand for yourself first!”
“And if I cannot?” He asked, desperate to try and comprehend it all.
“Then she will die!” Aliyah had no time to be delicate, they were running out of time.
Baden’s heart beat fast from fear and his tears fell onto Annie as he looked at her face. He had to do this, he had to make this right. His hands were covered in her blood and it was starting to seep through his fingers, reminding him that he was the one who had killed her. He had killed his love.
“Stop it Baden!” Aliyah screamed. “Do not focus on what you have done but focus on remedying it!”
Baden sat there looking down at Annie’s face and he wished that he could see her smile one more time. If only she had life in her again. He sat there remembering her alive and well, looking lovely and happy.
Suddenly the wind picked up and dark clouds began forming in the sky, just like last time. He imagined Annie, all knew and fresh. Her beautiful skin and flowing hair. The way her breaths were so even and he could count out her heartbeats without fail. He remembered the way her eyes would light up when she saw him, how filled with love she was.
Rain started to fall from the sky and lighting flashed through the black clouds. You could feel the energy flowing through each lightning strike. The trees started to bend, pointing towards them from the force of the wind and leaves fell from every branch. The leaves died as did the trees themselves and disappeared back into the earth. But this time the area that was affected was more than triple the distance than last time. The grass turned brown then sunk back into the soil and even the soil dried up beneath them. The rain was so heavy that Baden couldn’t see Annie through the whiteness of it but he could feel her. He could feel inklings of her life stirring within her. The more he imagined her alive the stronger the wind became and the more the nature around them shriveled and died.
Baden was drenched through and his body was trembling, not from the cold but from all the energy that was flowing through him. His hands were shaking against her chest as he became a conduit for the energy. It felt like he was burning there was so much pulsing through him but he couldn’t stop because he could feel Annie’s soul stirring. Hail started to fall and he tried to shelter Annie from the debris of falling ice by leaning over her, keeping his hands on her chest. His face was close to hers and he protected her face from the hail and rain, making it possible for him to see her face through the downpour.
“Annie,” Baden whispered her name. “Come back to me,” he begged her.
Suddenly he realised that all the bruises on her face were now gone and she was looking so perfect, as if she wasn’t real. The ground was so soaked beneath them that they were sitting in a shallow pool of muddy water. And as lightning flashed again he thought he felt her heart beat. He jumped from the excitement of it and looked down at her chest where his hands lay. He saw her chest rise and fall, as if she took a breath. He looked back to her face in desperation. Rain was dripping off his face onto hers but she did not flinch.
“I love you Annie,” he proclaimed. “I will throw away all my hatred so I can love you more…so you can have every part of me.” Thunder roared and lightning flashed so he had to speak louder. “I will no longer be consumed with revenge but I will be consumed by you…if you would only come back to me. Let me prove it.”
Then everything stopped.
Baden could hardly feel the rain and the thunder and the wild wind had disappeared. The chaos of the rain and hail was dimming and now he could see Annie more clearly. He could hear her heart beating and he could feel her steady breathing. Her wound was healed and the light within her soul that bombarded him with life and love was returning.
And she opened her eyes.
Their faces were close enough to kiss but neither of them moved. They remained silent as they looked at each other closely, their eyes never straying from the other. Finally the rain faded away and the clouds disappeared completely, leaving the stars to shine on the chaotic remains of what looked like a natural disaster.
And after a moment Annie opened her mouth and spoke.
“Prove it to me,” she said as clear as a bell.
Baden grabbed her and pulled her close, kissing her like there was no tomorrow because these days who knew if there was going to be. They kissed with fervor and held onto each other with more than just their hands, they held onto each other with their souls.
He pulled them up and sat Annie in his lap, never breaking the kiss that had been too long in coming. Their kiss was desperation for the other’s lips and hope that not all had been lost but more so, that all had been regained and more.
Annie reluctantly pulled away from the kiss and looked into Baden’s face. They were both drenched and aching but they were truly happy. She wiped his face clear of the leftover rain and he did the same for her.
“Do not lose yourself, Baden,” she whispered. And he understood her meaning.
He nodded, showing her that he would not. Holding Annie made him feel like a new man. He leaned his head on her chest and held her close around the waist, intent on never letting her go.
“I am sorry,” he whispered and it was almost inaudible but she heard it. She leaned down and whispered in his ear.
“I forgive you,” she said as if it was a lovely secret just for them.
She stroked his hair and it sent calm through his soul. Touching him was like the first time, she felt so grateful and privileged that she could.
“Aliyah said to keep working at your gift,” Annie relayed the message before she forgot.
Baden slowly looked up at her in confusion. He quickly scanned the now despoiled area to find that Aliyah was gone.
“How did you speak with her?” Baden wondered curiously.
“I am not sure,” Annie answered honestly.
Being at the edge of death is not something someone remembers for long and the memory fades quickly as if it were never there. The last memory to fade from Annie’s mind was the one of hearing Baden’s pleas over her lifeless body echoing through the black place she had been before she came back to herself. And just like that the memory was gone but the words he spoke were not.
“But I think Aliyah knows much more than she is letting on,” Annie advised, not really knowing why she thought that.
Baden and Annie started laughing because they both knew that Aliyah knew mountains more than she was telling them. But that was the fun of all the mystery, they had to work it out together.
And they were both so deliriously grateful that they still had the chance to.

CHAPTER 39:

Everyone sat in Amaury’s chambers silently after retelling the story of what had taken place in the field. No one could stop their tears as they tried to come to terms with the fact that Annie was gone. The room was so filled with pain that when Baden walked in he froze from the stifling onslaught, he almost choked on their misery. Everyone turned to him and just stared, having no idea what to say to him. He had been the one to take away someone who was special to all of them but then he had lost the one who was most special to him.
Then they noticed that his clothes looked dirty and torn and his hair was wild and untamed. They didn’t remember him looking like that before. And as a matter of fact, he didn’t look too upset either. Everyone began to look around at each other, not understanding what was going on. Before they had too long to ponder on what might be happening, Annie walked into the room.
Her black clothes were all torn and askew but her face looked refreshed and new. The most shocking part of it all was that she was standing there…in front of them…alive. Everyone was so stunned that they sat there unmoving to their seats. When out of nowhere, the reality of it finally hit Adam.
“Annie!” He yelled from across the room and he ran to her, pulling her in for one of the tightest hugs he had ever given anyone. She hugged him back and couldn’t help the smile that came across her face at the joy she felt in his soul.
The reality of it started to seep into everyone, slowly but surely, and their happiness started to trickle around the room. Everyone started to jump out of their seats, shouting their joys that Annie was alive and well. Each took their turn in hugging her and they crowded around her, desperate to make sure they weren’t hallucinating. Then everyone started muttering their disbelief. How are you here? Some said, whilst others asked; what happened back there?
When everyone hushed, waiting for the answer Annie and Baden remained silent. They glanced at each other, realising that they couldn’t share their story because their gifts were to remain a secret.
“We…” Baden started to speak but then stopped, realising that he had nothing to say.
“The dagger…” Annie began, trying to think of something.
Looking around the room she saw everyone’s eyes watching her intently. She didn’t want to lie to her friends, the people who loved her so much.
“What does it matter?!” Adam declared after a long silence. “Annie is alive!”
He could see that whatever it was, Annie and Baden were reluctant to divulge it and he wanted to help them out. He wanted to do something right for once.
After a cheer and an agreement from everyone that it didn’t matter, everyone started speaking to Annie at once. Asking questions and bombarding her with the stories of their efforts to find her. As Annie was talking to everyone they moved her over towards the settee in front of the fire place and sat her down. They perched themselves around her like small children, waiting to hear a story from their childhood hero. Waiting for her to recount every detail.
Annie looked over at Baden who was still standing at the door, hands in pockets just staring at her. Everyone turned to follow her gaze and looked at Baden expectantly, waiting for him to join them.
“I…there is just one thing I need to do first,” Baden said quietly. His demeanor was different, he was…calmer than they remembered him. “Start without me.”
Annie looked at him strangely for a moment, she could see in his soul a new peace that was settling in. Then she smiled at him and his soul moved with love and lit up like it hadn’t before. He was free from the burden of his hatred toward Eli and it had changed him in every way.
With a small nod from Annie, Baden left the room quietly. He could hear the others starting to chatter away, all in jubilation that Annie was there with them. Baden smiled to himself at the thought of her, she was so loved and that was because she loved unconditionally. He wanted to be like the only one he truly loved and admired, he wanted to be like Annie. Not so he could be loved but so he could emulate such a precious person.
Baden made his way to a place that he never thought he would be headed to again. The night was drifting along towards morning as he stepped onto the grounds of Eli’s manor. He walked in without any invite and went straight to the library where he could feel his brother was. Baden came through the unlocked door to find Eli packing up his things. There were stacks of books on the floor in preparation to be packed away into trunks.
“Going somewhere?” Baden asked as he slowly walked into the room.
Eli looked up, seeming surprised to see Baden. He had been too lost in his own thoughts to realise he was there. Eli hadn’t even changed from when Baden last saw him but then again, neither had Baden.
“Well,” Eli said bitterly as he shoved some books into one of the trunks close by. “You certainly ruined everyone’s life today.” Baden could feel Eli’s pain and it was so acute that it stung the back of Baden’s throat. And Baden felt sorry for Eli.
“I have not come to torment you,” Baden said calmly. “I have not come to seek vengeance on you or make your suffering worse.” Eli stood there staring at Baden like he had lost his mind.
“Then what have you come to do?” Eli asked in a daze.
Baden pulled out Eli’s dagger that he grabbed before he left the field with Annie. Eli walked around to his desk and started gathering some papers together.
“So you have come to kill me then?” He asked, misconstruing Baden’s intentions. Baden started laughing, seeing why Eli would come to that conclusion.
“No…” Baden assured as he flicked the dagger around in his hand. He waited for Eli to look up from his desk before he spoke again. “I have come here to forgive you.”
The words were spoken so genuinely that Eli stepped back and dropped into his desk chair in bewilderment. A long silence ensued where the brothers did not say a word to each other. And after the long pause Eli finally spoke.
“I would rather you have come to kill me,” Eli said evenly and Baden just nodded silently in response. “You think it brings me joy that you have grown from the death of Annie?” Eli’s soul was broken and he was not in a very forgiving place.
“But I have brought you good news…” Baden tried to tell him that Annie was still alive but Eli wouldn’t let him finish.
“You think your reformation is good news for me?” Eli spat the words as he stood from his chair.
“Eli…”
“No Baden!” Eli yelled. “Actually it is good news…” He looked at Baden with a viciousness in his eyes that was so much more than hatred. “Now you can live out your days knowing everything you have lost!” The room was left silent of words but not of emotion.
“Eli, if you would only listen…”
“No!” And this time Baden gave up trying. “I do not want your pathetic excuses. I want you to live out your eternal life having lost everything… just as I have.”
Baden meandered up to the desk and stopped when he was in front of it. Placing the point of the dagger on the perfect wood of the desk, he rested his palm on top of the handle and balanced it there. Eli took it as a threat but that was far from Baden’s intention.
“Because of your stubborn pride…” Baden enunciated the words. “You are going to have to live out your life with the pain of losing the one you say you love.” Eli was appalled by Baden’s words. He leaned forward and looked into Baden’s eyes.
“And so will you,” Eli said, having no idea that he had missed the chance of being saved from his anguish because of his own inability to forgive.
But Baden didn’t judge him for that, no. He no longer hated his brother. Instead he felt sorry for his brother because he was stuck back where he once was, filled with hatred and resentment. He didn’t blame Eli for how he was acting because he had been the same. But the difference in him now was the forgiveness he had received from Annie. Forgiveness undeserved but freely given and Baden had learned to do the same. He had come so close to losing his only reason for living because of his harshness and anger. If he hadn’t been so hot-tempered then Annie would never have been hurt.
What was done-was done but thankfully Baden had been given a second chance to be different and to love Annie, free of bitterness.
“Goodbye, Eli,” Baden said with a smile. And he gently laid the dagger on the desk and turned to leave. Eli looked at the dagger on the desk and picked it up, watching Baden as he did.
As Baden was just at the door he heard the dagger speed through the air and whip past his head, stabbing into the wood of the door frame next to him. He had known the dagger was going to miss him but he paused and looked at it as it sat only inches from his head. He knew that Eli could have hit him if he wanted to.
With just a glance back at Eli, Baden turned away and left the room. Leaving the past behind and stepping into the future…his future with Annie.

CHAPTER 40:

Annie sat in her room at the institution after taking a relaxing bath. She had changed into her nightdress and wore a nightgown, even though it was closer to morning, and sat near the fire to fend off the cold. She heard someone coming towards her room and she smiled to herself. The door creaked open and Jory poked his head in.
“Can we talk?” He asked with a smile on his face.
Annie nodded and he came in, closing the door behind him. He took a seat close by her and sat there, watching her in the glow of the fire. He looked handsome in a suit that was missing a few formal pieces. But he also looked tired, with good reason.
“It has been a huge time of discovery for you,” Annie commented. She had heard the whole story about his parents and was blown away by the magnitude of it.
“Yes, it has been a whirlwind.” The look on his face was calm and his soul was finally at peace with everything.
“So, where to from here?” Annie wasn’t afraid to ask the question because she could tell that it wouldn’t be an awkward, uncomfortable answer about their relationship.
He fiddled with his fingers for a while looking at the fire, understandably a little distracted by it all.
“I have decided to become the new head of the institution,” he said after a long moment.
Annie started nodding her head and had a huge grin on her face. When he finally looked up at her he was surprised by her reaction.
“I cannot think of a better person for the task,” Annie complimented him honestly. Her approval meant more to him than she knew and his heart felt lighter. “I will come and visit all the time,” she assured. “So much so that you will become sick of me.” He laughed outright at that.
“I do not think that will be possible.” His smile was sweet with a little bit of longing. When the silence almost became awkward he decided to jump back into it. “My mother and father will be staying with me here…along with Everard and Martha.”
“That is…” Annie was going to say wonderful but it wasn’t wonderful for her because she was going to miss the people who had become her family. Getting over herself she realised that she could see them anytime she wanted, the institution was less than a day’s run away. “I am so happy that you will have them with you.”
“Martha and Everard gave me permission to tell you that their wedding gift to you will be the manor,” Jory surprised her by saying.
Annie was left speechless at their generosity and would have sought them out right then to say thank you but she could tell there was something else Jory had come to talk about.
“What is it, Jory?” She asked, reaching out her hand and placing it gently on his. He took a moment to catch his tears so he could say what he had come to say.
“My parents said that…uh…” He struggled to speak so he decided not to look at her as he did. He looked back at the fire instead. “In their story they said that they were told that I was going to do something important…for humanity.”
“Yes,” Annie said, remembering the tale she had been told.
“Well, the more I think about it the more I see that my part has already been played.” Annie’s brow furrowed in confusion as she tried to piece it together. Finally he looked at her, brave enough to face what he was about to say. “I think me releasing Baden from that house was what I was meant to do, so he could be with you.”
“Jory, you do not have to…” but she was cut off.
“Yes, Annie, I do.” He placed his hand over hers and looked at her face closely. “There is something about you two together that changes…everything. All the things that have taken place in the past few months…it is as if something is conspiring to keep you apart when it is so clear that you should be together.” Annie was astounded that he had been so perceptive. “You two belong together because you make the other better.” Jory began to laugh. “I mean, when Baden loses you he turns into a wreck. We all have to tread lightly for fear that he will explode at any moment.”
Annie laughed a little at the thought of it. She could just imagine the disheveled state Baden would get himself into.
“And he changes you.” It hurt for Jory to say this but it was true. “He stretches you and forces you to grow. He challenges your limits with patience and fear and unconditional love and you rise to it every time. And he sees your goodness and it changes him…it changes all of us. He will protect you and he would give his life to ensure you were safe. He belongs to you and you belong to him.” Tears were welling in Jory’s eyes as it broke his heart to let Annie go.
“Jory…” Annie went to say something but her own tears stopped her.
“I will let you go,” he said and there was a silence so heavy in the room that it was almost a haze. “I love you Annie and I want you to have the life you deserve…and as hard as this is to accept, Baden deserves you and you deserve Baden because call me mad…but I think you two are what will save us all.”
Annie tried to speak but once again failed. So they both sat there in a teary mess, just looking at each other.
“I love you, Jory,” Annie wept out over her tears.
And though it wasn’t the type of love that he was wanting it was the type of love that would never fade. They stood up and reached out to each other, embracing the other with all their love.
“I love you, Annie,” he whispered to her as he moved her hair away so he could nestle his face into her neck. There they stayed for a long, uninterrupted moment.
It felt like Jory was always saying goodbye to her but this time it felt different, this one felt like a real goodbye. She felt like after this, things were going to be different than they used to be. That he was really going to walk away this time and secretly there was a part of her that was sad.
Baden had journeyed slowly back to the institution after seeing Eli to have some time alone to be grateful for his second chance. When he had walked up to the bedroom door and was about to go in he stopped when he heard Annie and Jory talking. Neither had realised he was there because they were so caught up in the emotion of the goodbye.
Finally Jory left the room and closed the door, stopping when he came upon Baden in the hallway. The two men just looked at each other for a moment before Jory started making his way past Baden. As he walked by Baden touched Jory on the shoulder, he respected Jory and found him to be one of the most admirable people he had ever met. The men didn’t need to exchange words, an unspoken and unexpected respect for each other had come about. From where, no one knew but it certainly was for the better.
Baden came into the room quietly, closing and locking the door behind him. He went over to Annie by the fire, picked her up and sat down with her in his lap. He brushed his face against hers and she leaned into him, happy to just to be with him.
“I do not know what I did to deserve you,” Baden whispered to her as he kissed her cheek. He rested his lips against her forehead and breathed a sigh of relief.
“As I keep telling you, Baden…” She looked up at him to make her point clear. “You are good.” She leaned over and kissed his neck. He sat there, bewildered that she could sit there and say that.
“How can you say I am good…after what I did to you?” Baden looked at her completely aghast at her reaction. She looked at him as if he were strange.
“You have changed…you feel remorse for what you have done and you have changed to ensure you do not make the same mistake twice.” Annie didn’t understand why he couldn’t see that.
“Annie…” Baden began to say but she interrupted him. She could tell he was going to disagree and she wasn’t about to let him do that.
“Baden, good does not mean that you do not make mistakes,” Annie started to explain her definition of good. “Good means that even though you make mistakes you improve and learn from each one. Refining who you are so you can continue to be better.” She paused for a moment to let that sink in. “No one is perfect…we just have to do the best we can.”
No matter how much time he spent around Annie, and no matter how many times she astounded him with her ever loving care, he would never get used to the grace she bestowed in endless quantities. Because he had no words to try and explain what she meant to him he leaned down and kissed her beautiful lips.
“Marry me,” he whispered, with his lips resting against hers. He pulled out the ring that she had given to Ethan and waited for her answer. When she realised what he was waiting for she smiled.
“How many times does a girl have to say yes?” She asked with a cheeky grin on her face. His face stretched into a smile as he slipped the ring back on her finger, kissing her once again.

CHAPTER 41:

The day of the wedding came and everyone was relieved and a little on edge. The last time they had tried this, things didn’t go so well. They were at the manor this time, Annie was up in her room getting ready whilst everyone was outside. The day was bright and beautiful and it couldn’t be more perfect.
Annie was wearing another of Antoinette’s lovely creations. This time the ivory dress had a tight bodice, accentuating Annie’s small waist and ample bust. At the hips the skirt puffed out elegantly to give a full skirt and at the back of the dress, the bottom of the skirt led into a subtle train. The whole dress was made from silk and completely covered in a lace overlay. The hard corset had no sleeves or shoulders but the lace created the top of the dress, running up over her shoulders then down the length of her arms. At the hips of the bodice a ribbon ran along the seams and tied at the back in a small but elegant frill.
Antoinette had helped her into the garment, it was definitely a two person job. Now she had gone back downstairs, leaving Annie once she was dressed to do her hair.
Annie had wanted a moment alone before she got married, she hadn’t been by herself in so long and she needed it.
Annie sat in the front of her white dressing table with a large oval mirror framed with the same painted white wood that made the table. She was about to do her hair when there was a knock at the door.
“Come in,” she called out and Stewart and Micah poked their head in. Their faces lit with a smile as soon as they saw Annie.
“You look beautiful,” Stewart complimented as the two of them stepped inside.
“Baden is one lucky man,” Micah said with a huge grin. They were both dressed to perfection in their lovely suits and Annie almost laughed at the sight of them.
“To what do I owe the pleasure of your company?” She wondered as they both brought a chair over and sat close to her. When they were all sitting quietly Stewart started.
“We wanted to come in here and tell you how happy we are for you both,” Stewart said. Annie looked at Micah then back to Stewart and her heart melted for them. “You are one of the loveliest creatures to walk this earth and Micah and I wanted to tell you that we are better for knowing you.” Annie thought she was about to cry as the caring words caressed her soul.
“And I wanted to say thank you,” Micah chimed in, his voice thick with emotion. “I know that it took a lot of courage on everyone’s part to accept me into this little family and I do not think I would have been given such a chance if it had not been for your forgiveness, Annie.” Micah’s soul was truly grateful for the privilege of knowing such amazing people.
Annie placed her hand to her mouth and her eyes welled with tears. She couldn’t form any words even though she tried.
“Well, we made the bride cry,” Stewart joked. “Our work here is done.” The men stood and Annie gave each of them a hug before they left.
Annie sat back down and was about to start doing her hair again when there was another knock at the door. After she welcomed them in, Martha and Everard came walking in.
“Annie,” Martha said almost crying as soon as she saw Annie.
Martha waved her hand in front of her face to try and dry the tears but it didn’t work as well as she had hoped. She was wearing a lovely blue dress, simple but stylish and Everard was looking rather smart in his suit.
“You look breathtaking,” Everard commented for the both of them. They came over and each gave Annie a kiss on the cheek and embraced her.
“We came here to…” But Martha was unable to finish before the tears started again. Everard smiled at her effort but took over for her.
“What she is trying to say is that we are here to wish you all the best,” he said in his gentle manner. “We hope you and Baden all the happiness life can bring.”
“Come and visit us,” Martha pushed the words out through her tears and Annie laughed at her effort.
She hugged Martha to try and calm her. It’s not that she was sad, quite the opposite. Martha was just so overwhelmingly happy for Annie that she couldn’t contain it and Annie could feel that.
“Thank you both so much for everything you have done for me,” Annie said with gratefulness in her heart. “You took me in and loved me like family and now you have given Baden and I this manor to make as our home.” Annie’s eyes began to well with tears and Everard took control of the situation.
“Well, I think we best get back down stairs before we all end in a teary mess,” he suggested.
He gave Annie another quick kiss before sliding his arm around Martha’s waist and leading her out of the room as she sniffled.
Annie smiled to herself at the love between their close, little family. She sat back down to do her hair when there was yet another knock at the door. She welcomed whoever it was in. To her surprise, Ethan, Grace and Jory all came through the door. Annie stood up and met them halfway.
“Mr. and Mrs. Avaline,” Annie welcomed with a smile.
“Annie, you look so darling,” Grace said as she took in the sight of her.
“Thank you,” Annie accepted graciously as she glanced down at the dress.
“We came here to congratulate you,” Ethan said kindly. “And to thank you.” Annie looked at the couple strangely, not understanding what their gratitude was for. “After Grace was changed, as you know we were given the opportunity to save our son…and we believe that we were given that gift because we agreed to help you when the time came.”
Ethan embraced Annie as did Grace after he had and Annie stood there shocked that they would see her that way, considering she had broken their son’s heart. With that the couple left her with a smile to take their place downstairs. Annie turned to Jory in shock when they were left alone and he smiled at how sweet his parents were. After a moment he moved towards Annie and took both her hands in his. He looked so handsome in his suit and the pain in his eyes didn’t match the way he looked. His eyes brimmed with tears as he took in the sight of the woman he loved. She looked breathtaking in her wedding dress and it hurt to see it.
“Jory,” Annie said his name softly.
“I can do this,” he said determined. He took a deep breath as he looked into her eyes and smiled. “I hope…” He swallowed back his tears and calmed himself. “I hope that your life with the one you love is filled with all the love any two people can have…” Annie’s tears fell as she watched the torment in his soul break his heart a little more. But the honesty behind his words was truly beautiful. “I have been so honored to know you and I would rather a life of knowing you, accompanied with heartbreak, than a life where I had never known your sweetness at all.”
Jory lifted her hands and kissed them both. And even though he wished that Annie could be his he would let her go, because he truly loved her and wanted the best for her. She reached out and took his face in her hands, wiping away his tears.
“Thank you,” she said but the words barely came out as a breath because of her emotions.
Taking her hands in his once more, he kissed them again then gently placed them by her side. With no more words he left the room to go downstairs.
Annie sat back down and was about to do her hair when there was another knock at the door. She didn’t know how much of this she could take in one day, especially on her wedding day.
Adam came in with a huge grin on his face and Annie was grateful that he was there. He had come to walk her down the aisle.
“Annie, you look incredible,” he said breathlessly as he walked over to her.
As he made his way he stumbled on the corner of the rug but caught himself before he fell. She laughed as she wiped her face dry of the leftover tears and patted a seat close to her to invite him to take a seat. Adam looked so manly and fetching in his suit and he seemed very proud of himself.
“I just have to do my hair,” she said.
It wouldn’t take long, she was just going to pin her curls up and tie an ivory coloured ribbon around her hair and make a bow at the nape of her neck. Adam watched her as she did her hair silently but after a while he spoke.
“I know I am not the most intelligent person…” he began and Annie stopped what she was doing to look at him. “And I know I am clumsy and make mistakes… but you have always looked past that and have accepted me, flaws and all. And though I lost my family years ago I have gained a new one…the first member of that family was you. You are the sister I never had and I am privileged to be the one walking you down the aisle.” Annie leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek. He was so sweet and heartfelt that it warmed her soul.
“I feel the same way,” Annie said, trying once again to hold back tears.
“Now get finished up here so I can get you to your waiting husband-to-be,” Adam declared.
Annie laughed at the way Adam could turn a serious situation into a lighthearted one at the perfect time. She quickly finished with her hair and slipped on her shoes. Flat, white slip-on shoes once again, much to Antoinette’s dismay.
Adam and Annie walked down the stairs and waited just before the open door, where they couldn’t be seen. She held onto Adam’s arm with both hands because she felt nervous. The type of nervous that comes from being so excited about something that you feel kind of sick. Adam placed his hand over hers and gave her a kind smile. It was time to walk down the aisle.

CHAPTER 42:

As Annie and Adam came to stand at the end of the aisle, she purposely hadn’t looked at Baden yet because she wanted to wait until she reached the end. The aisle was fashioned from a long, ivory coloured silk sheet laid along the grass. White and red rose petals were sprinkled along the silk sheet and it felt like a dream, to have all the people she loved celebrating with her and the man that she loved waiting for her at the end.
She looked to the people standing right at the start of the aisle where she would begin her walk but she didn’t expect to see Abe and Emily. As she came to a stop she almost tripped on the hem of her dress in surprise. They both flashed her huge smiles and waved from their place on the aisle. She smiled back at them and it warmed her heart to see the pair. And she was truly glad they had made it but couldn’t help but wonder how they had. There was no time for that now as the music finally began.
Two violinists, a violist and a cellist started to play a song that she remembered well, Pachelbel's cannon. Baden had asked permission from Jory to use the song as a surprise for Annie and he gladly agreed. It wasn’t the traditional song used at weddings but it was perfect and it started Annie’s tears all over again. She glanced at Jory who gave her a little wink and a smile.
As she walked up the aisle she looked at all the faces of the people she loved. It was only a small wedding, Jory and his parents, Martha and Everard, Micah, Adam and Stewart and of course Antoinette. Then there was the minister along with the string quartette.
She finally looked to the other end of the aisle and locked eyes with Baden. He had been watching her the whole time, just feeling her soul. She was beautiful and her happiness resonated off her like light from a fire. He had never been happy before in his life, he had never felt love before he met Annie and he had promised himself that he would show her love every day. He would never take her for granted and he would protect her fiercely.
When Annie saw Baden her breath caught. He was dressed perfectly in the finest suit and he wore every piece and detail of the suit more impeccably than she had ever seen anyone wear one. His hair was brushed back away from his face, showing how truly stunning he was. And his soul, my word his soul was spectacular. It was brighter than she had ever seen it before and she could feel the warmth flowing out of him from the end of the aisle. Once she saw him she forgot everyone else was there and headed straight for him.
Adam released her arm when they reached Baden and Annie walked to him without thought. She held out her hands just staring at him as if she was a blind woman who had just regained sight. He took her hands gently and pulled her close. The string quartette dulled their music but continued to play as planned. They would play throughout the whole ceremony softly.
“Today we are gathered to celebrate the union of Badenoch Arthur Brighton to Annie Louise Belle,” the minister announced. “My father had the pleasure of uniting Badenoch…” He paused when Baden shot him a quick correctional glance. He let him get away with the first one but not the second. “…Baden’s father to his mother and in keeping with tradition I will unite Baden to his love, Annie. Today’s ceremony will be rather unique, in that Baden has requested to speak his heart and vow himself to Annie with his own words before the traditional vows take place. But before we begin, if there is any reason that this union should not take place please speak now or forever hold your peace.”
Adam glanced off to Jory from the corner of his eye. Stewart gave Adam a subtle nudge and he straightened up immediately. The minster looked to Baden as the queue for him to start his vows. Baden looked at Annie silently for just a moment to try and catch his breath and she just watched him in adoration.
“I am not known as a kind man…” Baden started and it received a small chuckle from Adam, Stewart and Micah. “I definitely have not been known as a loving man…in fact I was renowned for being incapable of love. That was until I met you.” Annie’s eyes were brimming with tears once again as Baden spoke. “You are known as the one who has tamed the beast and I owe every good part of who I am to you. I promise myself to you in every way. There is nothing on earth that could take away my love for you and I promise to give myself to you alone. Through every cherished moment, through every…difficult moment…” Baden had to pause to take a breath from the emotion. “Until the end of my existence I will love you. Always striving to bring the best out in you, always striving to be who you need me to be. My heart was nothing before I knew you and I thought my soul was lost. But you created my heart and you became my soul and I am forever bound to you because your love has shaped me.”
His tears started to spill from his eyes as did everyone’s who was watching. They had never seen this side of Baden before. They knew he loved Annie and would die to save her but his softness was usually for Annie’s eyes alone.
“Is there…” the minister paused to clear his throat from his own emotion. Which by the look on his face seemed to surprise him. “Is there anything you would care to say, Annie?”
Annie hadn’t taken her eyes off Baden and was so overcome with emotion that she just nodded but didn’t say anything for a long while. Everyone started to think that maybe she had actually shaken her head to say no but eventually she spoke. She hadn’t prepared anything but speaking from the heart usually doesn’t need much preparation.
“Before I met you…” She began and Baden was already crying from what she was about to say because even her saying I love you was amazing to him. “I thought I was content. I thought that there was nothing in life that could make it any better. I especially did not expect my happiness to come from loving a man because I had planned to do life on my own. But…you found me and I forgot every reason why I told myself that I did not need someone to love. You were brave enough to show me your heart and you inspired me to have the courage to show you mine. And you have taken care of it every day since. I promise to take care of your heart…to always love you, through anything that may come. I promise to be yours alone and you can have all of me.”
“I love you,” Baden mouthed to her.
“Love you,” she mouthed back.
There was silence for a time. That was until the minister realised that it was his turn to speak.
“Oh…uh…” he mumbled trying to gather his thoughts together.
He had never seen a pair more dedicated to each other before and it truly astonished him. Usually people were getting married because they had fallen pregnant out of wedlock or for wealth or because of social obligation. But to see a pair get married for true love that was…well, that was quite something. Which turns out was the same thing his father had thought at Baden’s parent’s wedding.
Baden and Annie repeated the promise that the minister spoke before it was time to exchange rings. Stewart stepped forward handing Baden the wedding band for Annie. Baden repeated after the minister as he slipped the ring onto Annie’s delicate finger, then it was Annie’s turn. After both rings were in place the minister brought the ceremony to a close.
Annie and Baden leaned in and kissed each other eagerly, overjoyed that they were now promised to spend the rest of their lives together.
Once it was done everyone clapped and cheered for the newlyweds. Everyone started to chatter amongst themselves as Annie and Baden quickly took care of the legalities. Once it was done everything got into full swing.
Martha and Grace had prepared a delicious banquet for everyone, filled with delicious food. Everyone was looking forward to it because it wasn’t often that snatchers ate food, even though it tasted more delicious to them than it did to humans. As food wasn’t a necessity and the effort usually outweighed the result but at a celebration like this it was welcomed wholeheartedly.
They moved the festivities inside, along with the string quartette that had now started playing very fast paced and upbeat songs. Antoinette came up and hugged Annie like a ferocious lion. They spoke for a while but Annie was keen to talk with Abe and Emily. When she had a spare minute she broke free and took Abe and Emily off to the side.
“How did you know to come here?” Annie asked, giving each of them a hug. Emily was dressed in a cute, yellow day dress and Abe was wearing his version of a suit.
“It is quite a funny story really,” Emily began. “We were planning to travel! We were headed on our way to find out the next ship that left the docks and see how we could obtain a ticket.”
“But as we were headed there we ran into the most peculiar person,” Abe took over telling the story. They were so cute together that Annie almost laughed. “What was her name?”
“You know what, I believe she did not give us a name,” Emily answered him.
“Yes, I believe you are right. Well this woman said she was quite good friends with you and told us you were getting married,” Abe said excitedly. “She said that you would love us to be here, told us the details and here we are!”
“And did this woman have very light hair and seem…different?” Annie asked trying to figure out who it was.
“Why, yes!” Emily agreed. “She had the most unusual demeanor. She seemed from another place entirely.”
“Yes,” Annie said trying to understand what was going on. Baden came and found Annie as she was speaking with her new friends. He slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her close to him. “Baden, you remember Abe and this is his Emily.”
Baden had been told the story of their bravery and he already liked them. Baden shook Abe’s hand and kissed Emily on the cheek.
“Thank you both for what you did for Annie,” Baden said gently. His gratefulness was heartfelt.
“They were just telling me that Aliyah told them that we were to wed,” Annie said trying to sound like nothing was unusual. She had decided that it must have been Aliyah from their descriptions.
“What an interesting name,” Emily commented, hearing it for the first time.
“Aliyah…” Baden said trying to cover up his surprised tone. He looked at Annie who subtly pulled a confused face to him before the others could notice. “It is a shame that she was not able to attend herself,” he said trying to sound like nothing was out of the ordinary.
“She did,” Emily interjected and Annie and Baden just stared at her blankly. “She was behind us. She arrived late then had to leave early…something about…”
“A place and a time…” Abe said vaguely. Not really remembering it at all. “I think we were the only ones who saw her but she did say she would find you at a later time to give her congratulations to you both.”
“And to discuss your future!” Emily added as Aliyah’s words came to mind.
“Yes,” Abe concurred with a furrowed brow. He seemed confused by it all, as did Emily.  “As we said, she was rather strange.”
Annie and Baden were so shocked that they forgot to answer right away. They glanced at each other and decided to change the topic.
“Well, we are so glad you both could make it,” Baden took charge and began speaking about other things entirely.
He was kind to these two young ones, he could tell they loved each other very dearly and they had taken care of Annie when no one else could.
The rest of the night was filled with fun and laughter. It had been a beautiful wedding in all its unusualness. Unusual being that it was set outside, consisted of mostly snatchers, had personal vows and had in attendance a being from another realm. Besides that it was quite ordinary.
It was late before everyone cleared out and after hugs and kisses and farewells, Annie and Baden shut the door, resting against it as if they were exhausted. Of course they weren’t but they thought that a regular married couple would be tired so they pretended just for fun. The manor was left a little worse for wear but they could think about that later
“So…” Annie said with a mischievous smile. “What should we do now?” Baden tilted his head to one side as if he couldn’t think of anything.
“We could play a card game…” He said cheekily.
She slapped him across the arm and he cowered, as if it actually hurt him. They looked at each other for a second, as if they were reading each other’s mind.
“Race you,” Annie said before she bolted up to the room. Baden was coming up close behind.

CHAPTER 43:

Baden and Annie raced into their room. Annie was laughing as Baden nipped at her heels as she ran. They froze instantly when they entered their room and saw Stewart laying across their bed. His hands perched behind his head, he was reclining as if he was about to fall asleep. He looked over and pretended to be surprised when he saw Annie and Baden there, faces frozen in disbelief.
“Oh…hello you two,” Stewart said with a grin. “Fancy bumping into you here.”
Baden was about to walk across the room and pummel him when Stewart started laughing. He jumped off the bed and hoisted himself over the window sill and out the open window, landing with a thud on the ground below.
“You should have seen their faces!” They heard Stewart say before they heard him, Adam and Micah run off into the trees laughing until they could hardly breathe.
Baden went over and shut the window, locking it firmly. He then closed the curtains and Annie shut and locked the door. Baden lit every lamp in the room, not because they couldn’t see clearly already but just to make sure they didn’t miss anything at all. Baden started to walk over to her from across the room but she put her hands up to stop him.
“Wait, I have a surprise for you,” she said before she ran behind the partition. She started frantically shimmying out of her dress and he smiled to himself. It was a huge effort to undress herself.
“I would really prefer if you would struggle out of that in front of me,” Baden called out to her. All he could see was her silhouette through the linen partition and it was driving him crazy.
“I will be out in just a moment!” Annie assured. She slipped into something much more intimate then stepped out from behind the partition seductively.
Baden’s eyes almost came out of his head and his mouth dropped open when he saw Annie. She was wearing a black, lacey corset that fit so tight against her body that it looked like it was part of her skin. Her breasts were pushed up and sat nicely plumped out the top. Where the bodice stopped at her hips a very short, black, lacy skirt fell loosely which barely covered her at all. For the first time in years Baden’s mouth felt dry and he had to swallow hard to try and speak.
“What…are you wearing?” His voice was husky so he cleared his throat. Annie smiled, enjoying that he was taken by surprise.
“It is something that Antoinette called…” Annie put one finger to her lips, trying to remember what she called it. “Well, I forget now. It is a rather new idea. She designs it for very intimate occasions and she predicts it will catch on quite well.”
“I can see how it would,” Baden agreed.
Annie started to meander over to him in a way that was altogether distracting and he almost forgot what he had in store for Annie.
“Oh…just…” He looked away from her, covering his eyes as he did so because if he didn’t he would completely forget the idea that he really wanted to surprise her with. “I really want to be getting swept up in this moment but before we go any further I have something for you.”
Annie snuck up to him as he had his eyes closed and remained as quiet as she could. When she didn’t answer he opened them and froze. It was taking every ounce of self-control to refrain from reaching out and grabbing her but he had to. Just for a moment or two longer. He took a sneaky glance down and forgot what he was doing for a moment when he saw the perfect skin of her bust aglow with dim light. Her chest rising and falling with her breaths, making it all the more distracting. She stood on her tiptoes to kiss him but he stepped back, bumping into a chair as he did.
“I just have…” he said stumbling around in his interior coat pocket for what he was looking for. He held one finger up to say ‘just a moment please’. It was the first time in his life that he had ever been clumsy.
Annie was smiling at his frantic way. She could feel how much he desired her but she could also feel how important this thing was to him, whatever it was that he wanted to do. She almost laughed when he forgot to keep searching through his pocket as he stared at her chest. Suddenly he remembered and recommenced his search. The look of relief that came across his face when he found whatever it was he was looking for actually made Annie laugh. Baden couldn’t help but smile himself as he imagined how ridiculous he seemed at the minute. And after that fuss all he pulled out was a piece of paper.
“Now…” he said, grabbing her hand and walking over to the bed.
“This is more like it,” she proclaimed with a smile.
“No, no…” he started to say but suddenly realised how bad that sounded. “I mean yes, yes…of course but we will after this.” He held up the folded piece of paper.
Annie complied, crawling onto the bed not realising that the skirt did little to cover her appropriately. Her smooth, perfectly shaped posterior poked out of the bottom of the black lacy skirt and that’s all he could think about after she had taken a seat.
“We could always do this later,” he said holding up the piece of paper. He was about to throw it onto the bedside table but she stopped him.
“No, Baden,” she almost screamed. “It seems very important to you and you wanted to do this now.”
Baden tensed for a second, trying to control himself and expel the lovely images of Annie’s appealing body out of his mind. When his mind was as clear as it was going to be, which really wasn’t clear at all, he moved onto the bed slowly and sat down close to her. He was careful not to touch her though, there would be no controlling himself then. To make sure he would finish what he had planned to do he started straight into it.
“This is a poem that I wrote for you,” he said shyly as he unfolded the piece of paper. Annie’s heart started beating fast as the sweetness of his actions warmed her soul.
“You wrote a poem,” she said with a smile. “For me?” She knew that he had never written anything before but he knew it was one of her passions.
“I wrote it when I was waiting to find out where you were,” he confessed. “It was the only way I could cope, just sitting down and thinking about you all day. Even though you were not with me you still consumed me and it helped to ease the pain.”
“Baden…” She whispered his name. She couldn’t believe how beautiful he was. He gave her a quick smile and sat up a bit straighter so he could read it clearly.
And today I come to find you, to place you in my home.
Amongst the sweet smell of honey drops running down your skin and soul.
I have missed you all my life- a small burden worth the bear-
I searched fields filled with gold because I knew to find you there.
Your heartbeat led me to you, your hope whispered on the wind.
Your love compelled me forward and stirred the man in me to live.
Your soul knew that I would find you as it sang its lovely tune
and the lonely nights were filled with an ever-darkened moon.
Now the silver rays pierce the sky and their arrows have proclaimed
that the trickles of warming sunlight will be a constant, streaming rain.
The stars they cry with joy as their light melts upon the air.
Not a shadow in the forest will be found when we are there.
And as we lay our hearts so gently upon the dawn of us to be,
the story that fell between us has woven you through all of me.

Annie sat there in stunned silence after Baden read the poem. He folded the piece of paper up and sat it on the bedside table before looking back at her. His words had been so beautiful, and his heart so vulnerable as he read his words, that she almost cried.
“Can I kiss you now?” She asked quietly and he simply nodded.
She moved over to him and he took her in his arms, holding her close against his body. They kissed slowly, intimately. She kneeled over him as he sat on the bed, legs either side of him. He ran the tips of his fingers softly up her thighs and it sent a shiver through her. When he reached the bottom of her skirt he kept creeping his hands along her skin and his soul warmed with delight as his hands cupped the flawless skin of her well-rounded, womanly shape.
Annie removed his tie and all the other ridiculous pieces of clothing that came along with suits until she got to just a shirt left. Unbuttoning it eagerly, he pulled it off and threw it on the floor with his other items of clothing. The only thing he was still wearing was his pants.
Now it was down to the unveiling. Baden smiled with pleasure as he did the honors first. Unclasping the black lacey corset at the back, he came to the last hook at the top and waited. Annie raised one eyebrow as if to dare him and he took the challenge. When the last obstacle was taken care of the bodice fell away and exposed the creamy skin of her lovely breasts.
He couldn’t help the grunt of pleasure that growled at the back of his throat when he saw them. Baden pulled Annie close and laid her down on the soft sheets, keeping her legs either side of him. She still had her revealing little black skirt on, which made it all the more fun. Starting his hands at the top of her skirt he ran them up her stomach and over the smooth skin of her breasts. She bit her lip in pleasure as his warm hands warmed her in all the right places.
He leaned down and grazed his lips against her neck, down along her chest and over her breast. At the bottom of her breast he bit into her skin and started releasing the special bane. It spread through her like fire and was more intense than when she was human. It made her feel like she was losing her mind. It’s as if screaming and writhing and tearing the pillow up wouldn’t be enough to express the liquid desire melting through her body. She grabbed at Baden’s back, and without realising, scratched into his skin to try and mediate the intense pleasure. This didn’t hurt him in the slightest. If anything it spurred him on and he released more of the bane.
Annie couldn’t take it anymore, it was too intense so she took his face in her hands and moved his face so he couldn’t bite her anymore. He moved up and she started kissing his lips, then she moved her way down to his neck. Gripping his back and the top of his pants she pulled them closer, so she could feel him against her. Full of desire and passion, pulsating through him. Then she sunk her teeth into his neck and started to seep the venom into him. He hadn’t been expecting her to and the rush it gave him was exhilarating. He wanted her more than he ever had, if that was even possible.
What made it all so much more incredible was that they were feeding off each other’s souls. Whatever the other was feeling was felt by both. Baden ripped her skirt off and Annie tore his trousers away and they were both left naked. As he pushed into her he bit down on her shoulder and began releasing the venom into her system.
So with the liquid desire raging through both of them, along with their own natural rampaging lusts consuming them all the more, they also were basking in the pleasure the other was feeling through their souls.
And when it almost became too much they stopped releasing the bane into each other and kissed wildly. It was well into the night before their first moment of becoming one was over.
Later they laid in bed entangled in each other’s arms, her back leaning against the front of him. The night had turned cold so they had lit a fire and laid under the blankets as they nestled into each other. He took in the smell of her hair and skin with sheer delight as Annie played with his hands. He ran his nose along her neck and up to her ear before he whispered to her.
“I love you, Mrs. Brighton.” His voice was smooth and silky. Rain started to patter against the window and she spun around to face him as he pulled her closer.
“I love you, Mr. Brighton,” she said with a smile. “Oh and I love your naked body.” Her last words made him burst into laughter and she joined in with his fun. But it was true, his body looked like it had been sculpted from marble. It looked so good she wanted to bite into him…again.
Their playful kisses soon turned into passionate ones and they were about to enjoy another intimate moment together as husband and wife. Both full of joy that they had finally become, Mr. and Mrs. Brighton.

EPILOGUE:

Jory went for a walk in the woods one night near the institution. He wanted to be alone to try and accept his new life and he never quite felt alone within the walls of his new home. As he moved through the trees slowly a sudden gust of wind came out of nowhere, flicking leaves and dirt every which way. He covered his eyes and after the breeze settled down he uncovered them to find Aliyah standing there. She actually had a smile on her face.
“You said your goodbye beautifully,” she complimented him. She was speaking of his goodbye not only at the wedding but back at the institution after Annie had first been rescued. He simply nodded, looking to the ground in sadness.
Aliyah had appeared to him when he had been alone, just after he had met his mother. She had told him that it was time for him to let Annie go because she belonged with Baden and they needed time to make their bond stronger, without any interference. She had presented the idea as an option but had made it clear that Annie and Baden were very important to the fate of many and they needed each other. In the end it was Jory who had made the choice to do what would be considered as the ‘right thing’, though for him it was the hard thing to do. Especially because Aliyah told Jory he was not to tell Annie of his encounter with her. What Aliyah didn’t tell him was that she knew that Jory was the only thing that could potentially separate Baden and Annie’s love.
“Are you the one that appeared to my parents?” Jory asked, peeking up from the ground. Aliyah usually wouldn’t answer useless questions but there was something sweet about Jory. His pain made her heart ache.
“Yes, I am,’ Aliyah answered quietly. “They loved you, Jory,” she decided to say. He turned his head up completely and looked at her. “They loved you more than any other parents on this earth love their child.” Jory smiled and his soul swelled with the love he felt for his parents. But soon the pain started to take over once again and he felt lonely.
“If…” Jory said but stopped. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to know because it could make it worse but something in him was desperate to know. “If all of this…” he waved his hand through the air implying the current situation. “If they were not needed to…save everyone and all that…would she and I…?”
Aliyah’s heart broke as she saw how much his soul wanted Annie. She wasn’t sure what to say, she could lie to try and make him feel better but that would probably just make him feel worse. So she decided with the truth.
“If you and Annie were to end up together…” Aliyah paused for a moment to catch her emotion. It was the first time she had felt someone else’s sorrow and it was difficult to cope with. “You would have been a pair that fit together perfectly. You would have had a sweet and loving union that never needed to argue because your souls would fit just right.” Jory’s face dropped from her words. “But that is all it would be…neither of you would grow and change and shape each other. Your union would almost be selfish because you would be perfectly happy…comfortable. But souls need growth. Souls need to be challenged because no one is perfect so remaining the same would not be beneficial for either of you.” She wasn’t sure if she should say the next thing but she decided to because it might help him move on. “I think you already understand this but…Annie and Baden together, they are good. Just as you said, they move each other and develop each other and they will continuously improve because of that. And their union will be beyond sweet…it will be filled with passion and loyalty and devotion and in the end, if they make it, they would have earned their love like no others on the face of this earth.”
“Well…” Jory’s eyes opened wide from the unexpected answer.
It hurt to know that he wasn’t the best one for Annie but it helped too because he wanted the best for Annie. And the part of him that truly loved her was content that she was with the one she was meant to be with.
There was a long silence as Jory tried to take it all in.
“How does it all end…do we win?” Jory asked. Aliyah smiled, everyone wanted to know that.
“I am afraid there is no definite answer,” she replied. “But it will be painful either way.”
“Something to look forward to then,” he joked, trying to avoid thinking of how horrible it might all turn out.
And Aliyah actually laughed. He could tell she was about to leave so he stopped her with his next question.
“What is your name?” She hesitated for a moment.
There were not many that knew her name because her name was unnecessary, she was just a messenger. She had told Annie and Baden her name because she would be seeing them throughout the foreseeable future. But she decided to tell Jory, if it would make him feel better.
“Aliyah.” And all of a sudden she was nervous that he might not like it.
“Aliyah,” he repeated with a smile. “That is lovely.” He knew he wasn’t allowed to tell anyone about this moment but he would remember it for the rest of his existence. “Goodbye, Aliyah.”
“Goodbye, Jory,” she said and he turned and headed back to the institution.
Aliyah stood there for a time, thinking about all of it. And there was something niggling inside of her that began to want what Baden and Annie had. There were others from her realm that were bound to another soul, in fact it was necessary for what they needed to do. Maybe there was a way to make that happen for her? She pushed it out of her mind because she couldn’t even be distracted by the thought of it, not at the moment when everything was hanging by a thread. She would wait, bide her time and then she would ask for a soul to love…a soul like the others had that would be part of hers. It could not be a human, no. It would have to be one like herself, a soul that endured. But just maybe she would be granted her request, one day.
Then Aliyah disappeared in a flurry of dust and light, back to her own realm and the forest was left silent in the darkness of night. Eerie almost, as if it could feel the impending trouble that was to come. The trouble that would bring an end that no one could predict.
