Sound 
of Life

Sound 
of Life

Written by
Terrance Tinashe Chitakatira
Copyright © 2017 Terrance Tinashe Chitakatira

Published by Terrance Tinashe Chitakatira Publishing at Smashwords

First edition 2017

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording or any information storage or retrieval system without permission from the copyright holder.

The Author has made every effort to trace and acknowledge sources/resources/individuals. In the event that any images/information have been incorrectly attributed or credited, the Author will be pleased to rectify these omissions at the earliest opportunity.

Acknowledge of cover photo adaptation from an African setting photo gallery novel.

‘You were given the life because you are strong enough to live it’ (Les brown).
Life has certain unique rhythm that’s distinct full of surprises but understanding its beauty makes one marvel with its sublime sound and nature. It emits a clear yet so profound experience that surprises one and makes its beat worth capturing. (Terrance).
About the Author 


Born on the 31 July in 1989, the young Author is a dedicated ambitious person who believes that continuous commitment and hard work pays off at the end. A person would describe him as a person who is caring for the interest and well-being of others. He wishes to become one of the best and greatest authors to come out of Southern Africa. He is the chairperson of Clean Africa quest which is a newly established trust fund in Southern Africa helping people who are suffering from skin deformations. He has discovered himself by helping others through leading and giving youths of his age some form of direction as well as advice throw his scientific discoveries and writing. A formulator and entrepreneur he has travelled a lot and amassed huge knowledge of different situation of life and set to pen the creature called life in this magnificent master piece.

Table of Contents

Acknowledgments
1.	‘The Race’
2.	‘Life’s Motions’ 
3.	Life’s Escape’ 
4.	‘Life’s Lesson’
5.	‘Leap of Faith ‘
6.	‘Survival of the Fittest’
7.	‘Stored Secretes’ 
8.	‘The Battle line’
9.	‘The Plot’
10.	‘The Revelation’
11.	‘Through the Eyes of Africa’
12.	Hidden Forces’
13.	‘The Incident’
14.	‘The Court Case’
15.	‘The Slaughter’

Acknowledgments

This is a thank you to my mother Tendayi Chitakatira who was a powerful role model,who taught me love and kindness. The person most responsible for this book becoming a reality is Mrs Tendayi Chacha my inspiration in business and in life. She makes me want to achieve more.
Chapter 1
‘The Race’

‘On your marks get set ready go’, a deafening sound is heard from the gun as it blows. A mist of white powder is seen touring high into the air and the athletes accelerate with pace from the white starting line. A rash of adrenaline pumps as muscles grind every energy that’s available to burn. Expanding in split seconds, lipping forward on the tar mark with remarkable speed the athletes gain pace in no time with all running towards the finish line, like a lion chasing a gazelle in the Serengeti.With remarkable speed the lion leaps forward gaining on its pray. One mistake can cost the gazelle its life. Sweat drips instantly from each face, makings drops of small oceans on the contestant’s skin. In less than eleven seconds all this panting and sprinting will be over and the fate of each runner would be decided when they cross the finish line one hundred meters away.
For the gazelle its either it becomes a meal or it lives to see another day. As for the seven contents one will be crowned a winner, while the others are given numbers to signify how they would have performed.
Prince ’s race had been run. All the love, hate, romance, betrayal and victories had he seen but what was to come would dazzle him even more. It was a high like no other, filled with excitement, laughter and sorrow all in one. If only he knew what lay ahead of him he would not have taken that turn in his race. 
Some call it fate, to most it is a results of some subtle consequence that occurred when they were busy daydreaming. Life is a chance and most don’t get to choose what they became. In life most are pons on a chase board being moved by strings from the one above, like dolls on a circus play. When you are born, your path is charted before you take your very first breath, such was that to Sam. From the onset his little mouth sprang into action uttering, echoing some sought of war cry to a world which had already drawn its battle plan against him, his one hundred meters had already started without him. Neither with, on your marks or a gun shot, life had started without him, accelerating and picking up pace like no race that any mortal has ever ran. Like a small bliss of star in an ocean of galaxies, Sam had announced his arrival into a small town in the south west corner of Free State, South Africa. This was just like any other birth but that night the world revolved in disarray like in the beginning of creation when things were just a small point of concentration in random motion.
Cold swept through the hospitals rooms like a hollowing sound in the belly of all the people that were waiting in the emergency area. Nice supressing sound was playing creating its own harmony and tune it was a comforting sound fit for the operas. That went unnoticed by the distressed relatives who waited eagerly for any form of image coming out of the two emergency exit doors from the operating rooms. Like a group of hyenas waiting for a lion to leave left overs, it was observation at all cost with no blinking or dozing. The hospital walls were watching for the next patient to enter through the exit doors from outside, while the stuff went about their duties in perfect sequence like ants building an anthill. The only person who had accompanied Sam’s mother Ester into the operating room was her boyfriend Prince. 
Ester had gone against her parents wish to study and become a lawyer and had eloped with her boyfriend before completing her metrics, living a trail of disappointment on her path. It was Romeo and Juliet, love was in the air, as the great many who have experienced it always say. It was love that could move mountains. Running for the great gold that belies the city of gold Johannesburg, with love driving her mad, Ester dreamt a life full of everything with Prince charming and two kids Sam and Sean.
She had been raised in a modern middle class family that had almost all the things working good for them. Although her father was a polygamist he had showed love equally to all his fourteen children, making sure all get an equal chance in life by paying their school fees. His four wives loved the children equally not showing much difference. Ester was born in the first family with three brothers. Her background was superb she had been destined for the stars as the first graduate in her family history. 
One evening when Ester was sitting with her mother besides the fire place in the muddy kitchen hut, a conversation had begun which would change the way Ester’s mother viewed her daughter forever.
She had discovered she was pregnant a month ago when she had started vomiting and loosing appetite, but had hesitated for a while to tell her mother. It was now or never; she could not keep it a secret anymore. The thought of lying was eating her inside; every second that went by she dreaded being caught. Today she thought it was a good time, her mother had looked happy and responsive from morning up to now. She thought that her mother will take the story light, she prepared her speech. The speech was short but little did she know it really was well authored. 
‘Mama, I am pregnant’, biting her nails.
Those words were like a spear struck deep into her old mother’s heart. Tears started dripping slowly from her chin. Trying to swallow the huge ball of saliva that was now chocking her and keeping calm. She asked hoping she had not heard correctly the first time.
‘What did u say, Ester?’,
‘I’m pregna……’.
Ester did not finish her sentence. The lights went dark on her mother. Vegetables that she was holding fell onto the floor followed by the sound of her body hitting the dusty black floor hard.
‘Mama’,
‘Mama’, Ester’s voice echoed with immense eloquence making every creature jump with fear.
Prince was a young man playing his trade of soccer in one of the upcoming teams in the Free State. Soccer was all he dreamt of. He was like a road leading only to one station, but Ester had come as a surprise turn to him. Little did he know a day would ever come for him when he had to choose between soccer and Ester.
Life to Prince Zulu had been a system of suffering and betrays he had no one to trust. Born in a family that was well-known financially, with all his cousins making great success in various respects. The surname Zulu had grown a reputation such that a mention in the streets would earn one a free taxi ride. To Prince it was a mere name to which he was shamed to use. Zulu was a dynasty. Four men made the linage of Prince’s fathers from the great Grandfather Zulu. Prince linage was the poorest of them all and all his cousins looked down on it. 
Like a shooting star Prince had shoot to the lime light surprising all his relatives. Unfortunately Prince had to self-educate himself using pacesetters and novels which led to him failing to matriculate. He had learnt at an early stage not to expect much from life, but to live from hand to mouth as each day passed and appreciate whatever came his way. To Prince the lime light was a place where he was an alien to and dealt recklessly. He had grown a name for himself in the field of soccer, mesmerising many when he played. Rumours of big clubs chasing for his signature had surfaced and had made him a mini celebrity in the small Free State town.
‘Baby I love u’ extending his arms to her. 
It was what he always said when he wanted to be affectionate to Lizy. Rubbing his hands into her bosoms slowly, he swizzed them gently making her breath heavily.
‘Stop it’ removing one hand from her yenning body. 
She spoke softly with a heavy breathe, their lips interlocked like lock and key, it was like a drug and Prince was the needle.
‘We will get caught’, trying not to give in on the erotic pleasure, 
‘No Lizy everyone is inside’ cried Prince, sliding his hand down slowly to her jungle making a trail that made her clang even tighter to his chest. She whisper into his ear; in response rearing him to go on.  
‘Come on Prince’ directing his hand to the pot of love.
She had evoked her inner sex demon and didn’t want him to stop. 
Suddenly the back door sprung open and light from inside lit the place reviling the banana trees that covered most of the space. Prince’s mother walked out, she was preparing her vegetables for the next market day. Lizy quickly pushed Prince away and hide behind him making a shadow that seemed as if only one person stood. Prince mother’s eyes were now failing her so she didn’t even see Lizy.
‘Why are you outside, Prince?’, 
‘Is something wrong?’, asked Prince’s mother 
‘No mother it’s hot inside, I’m just taking a breather’. 
‘Okay hurry up food is ready’.  She replied closing the door behind her, as she went back inside the house.
The skies cleared like the shrimp of ice cream on top of a cone, it was a beautiful sunny day to come. Day of reckoning had come when the news of Ester’s pregnancy had to be told to her father and the elders. News of Esters pregnancy came as a surprise to Esters mother she didn’t expect such from her adorable daughter. The dice had been cast and only what was left was for her to deal with all the scolding and accusations that where to come her way that day from the family. 
Ester sat beside the dirty plates and huge mud pots that were from last night supper, her face was drained and sorrow was painted all over it. She knew that the news of her getting pregnant would affect her parents, but did not anticipate her mother having a heart attack in the process. The previous night had been a night she regretted why she had told her mother about the pregnancy. Time in her universe stood still, every second to her was like a day, she dreaded the thought of losing her mother to a heart attack. Her mother was her pillar and life would be meaningless without her. The jacaranda leaves had blossomed and lay on the ground in a beautiful carpet like lilies on the top of a river surface. A nice purple colour covered every inch of her homestead and would make one wonder into fairy tale dreaming from just the view, but to Ester she did not notice as she was caught in between two worlds.
‘Good morning Mama’ trying to stand up from the ground where she was sitting and cleaning the plates.
Ester greeted her mother as she had done for the past fourteen years, but this time she got a different response and one she did not anticipate. Her mother did not respond at all but starred at her in sign of disapproval as she passed two foot from where 	Ester was.
‘Good morning Mama ‘Ester repeated
‘What is good about this morning|?’ with a form of harshness, mumbling her thoughts aloud shouting in an instant.
‘How could you disgrace me, daughter of my womb?’
‘Oh God how could such a thing happen to me’ 
‘Why God?’ bending over her back holding her face.
Esters mother could not hold on to the tears that started gashing from her eyes it was like seeing a baby crying for milk mixed with a widow morning.  The emotions were so intense that she almost fell, only to be caught by Ester as she also started crying. Ester trying not to lose the hold that she had on her mother shoulders which stopped both of them from falling replied,
‘Sorry Mama I didn’t mean to hurt you’
‘Sorry mama, please stop crying’
‘You will fall sick, mama’
‘I need you to be there for me, please’ wiping the tears off her face, while she comforted her mother.
Little could she do cause the old lady was now pouring all her emotions out. Ester didn’t know that her parents’ marriage was not perfect as she had assumed, but a lie that her mother had kept to herself only, comforting herself that she was staying for her kids. Her marriage to their father had ended years ago and the arrival of a second and third wife was icing on a cake that was already done. She had kept her composure and dwelt well with the other wives even though they were always hostile to her. Finally she pulled the little love that she had left and stopped crying, but sobbing a little and asked her daughter. 
‘How am I going to tell your aunt and father, Ester?’ looking straight into her daughters eyes.
‘You don’t need to mama’.
‘I will elope with him when am about to give birth’
‘Mama, Prince loves me’, wiping tears from her mother’s face.
‘Prince, that’s his name’ 
‘Yes mama’, Ester smiled a bite when Prince’s name was mentioned by her mother.
It was like a person who had been told that you are not positive after taking a HIV test with uncertainty. A sign of relief showed on her mother’s face as she heard her daughter reassure her, that the bustard responsible was prepared to marry her daughter. Little did she know that Ester was not welcomed in the Zulu clan. Once she had visited Prince’s house only to be gang beaten by Prince’s sister and mother, who accused her of being a prostitute after their son’s fame not heart. Ester had sustained small bruises and lied that she had lost her footing and fell in a ditch on her way from school that day.
‘All you have to do Mama is to make sure that you stay healthy’
‘Make sure you tell no one about the pregnancy’, as she was talking, Ester’s aunty walked in, 
‘Who is pregnant?’
A big dark woman with a grim shadow that spooked both of them stood beside the half cleaned plates, curious to understand what she had overheard.
Chapter 2
‘Life’s Motions’ 

‘Push’ 
‘Ester Push’
‘The baby is almost out’, Prince echoed, holding her hand 
‘Congratulations, Mr Zulu it’s a boy’.
The doctor’s voice broke the wave of notion that had filled the room as both nurses and Prince rallied Ester not to quite. It was like the last seconds of a tight contested NBA match between New Jersey and the Panthers with a point separating the two. Her skin was now soft and shiny; with sweat dripping all over her body. It was a complicated birth that took a long four hours. They tried turning the baby’s head to the correct position and had drained the hell out of her. All she could say was, 
‘Can I hold my baby?’
Cheering was heard inside that small labour room as the doctor raised the baby high into the air upside down holding one leg. Sam cried for the very first time, tears of joy dripped over Ester’s face as she gasped for air. The hole pushing and breathing had ripped the life out of her. She had made it, it was official she was now a mother.
Excitement written all over his face, tears of joy dripping from his face, Prince walked tall out of the labour room. He could not wait to announce to his family that he was now a father and they had a grandson. As he pushed open the doors leading to the visitors waiting area a huge fist greeted his chin pouncing its heavy weight on his teeth knocking a couple off onto the floor. He was knocked off completely, all he saw was a glimpse of what seemed to be Lizy’s brother.
Prince woke up ten minutes later, his body resting on a bench, to a fired up conversation between his elder brother and Lizy’s brother. Like an animal caught, awaiting to be pounced off by the little cubs that are desperate for a bite Lizy stood by the hospital reception desk. Prince had last seen Lizy three months back, when he had told her of his soon coming son Sam while standing on the hedge that divided there two houses.  The conversation had not ended well with Lizy running into her house and locking herself inside. 
Was he dreaming or was it the fist that had knocked him out which was making him hallucinate. Lizy looked a little fat, it seemed as if he was looking at her through an empty glass bottle of coca cola with its dumbly shape.
‘Prince, did you sleep with Lizy?’, his brother asked
‘Come here you son of a rat’
‘I will teach you a lesson’ charging towards prince
Liz’s brother was shouting like a madman he wanted a pound of flesh, he wanted to kill Prince. The only thing that stood in his way was Prince’s brother. 
He took a step back, tried to push his way through. Lizy screamed on top of her voice.
‘Please stop it’. 
‘Can u please stop it!’ 
In a blink the hospital security had encompassed the whole place, placing a leash on lizy’s brother and calming the whole situation. All lizy’s brother could do with his hands behind his back was to shout.
‘You mother F***er’
‘How could you be such a d**k’ as the security man took him away.
‘Can you respect my space man’, Prince shouted trying to make sense of what was taking place. Lizy walked slowly with her head down, she was crying and biting her nails. How could she have fallen to such a bustard, she wanted to kill herself. Her world was spinning in all direction. She loved Prince with all her heart. Prince was her childhood lover. They had grown up together sharing almost everything from baths, tooth paste, moments and now the future. Little had she anticipated Prince to be cheating on her.
Prince followed her quickly racing into the female toilet section of the hospital.
‘Get away from me’, Lizy cried as she stood on the inside of the closed toilet door.
She wanted him to go and at the same time wished he could just hold her close and tell her that it was going to be fine.
‘Am sorry Lizy’, sobbed Prince touching the toilet door as if it’s her back.
‘Why didn’t you tell me that you were pregnant, Lizy?’
‘Did it matter?’,
‘Were you going to leave Ester for me?’ she hissed.
Prince could not give Lizy all the answers that she wanted and knew he had failed her. How could he have made such a mess?. His world was now a bizarre and he had himself to blame.
‘Lizy at least come out so that we can talk’, Prince insisted while pressing softly on the toilet door
‘No I won’t, I’m going to kill myself and the baby’, as she was speaking Prince heard a familiar voice approaching.
‘Get away from her you filthy bustard’ 
Lizy’s mother had been told by other stuff nurses of what had transpired. She was a senior nurse at the hospital and had no idea about Prince’s wife, Ester who was giving birth at that very moment. To her Prince had been like a son. She never suspected when Prince came over to play with Lizy or the times she had caught them playing mum and dad pretence in her kitchen. To her they were just kids full of imagination, little did she know that they were actually dating until a month later when Prince had stopped coming to her house. Lizy had started to show signs of boredom and restlessness as if she had lost something. She was now more tired or sleepy more than a bear in hibernation.
‘Let her be’, shaving Prince aside 
Lizy’s mother pounded on the door with all her strength swung it completely open and threw Lizy onto the side wall with remarkable force that she collapsed.
‘Oh my God Lizy wake up ‘, rubbing her forehead. Lizy’s mother tried waking her up.
Prince tried to help Lizy’s mother carry her but found it difficult to come even a meter close as Lizy’s mother protected her like a dog protecting its puppies. It was now a matter of life and death and he was the unwanted one. He suddenly remembered about Ester and the baby and found some sense of self belief and hope.
Ester lay beautifully like a baby on the hospital bed with the little creature aside her on the white sheets. It was a view with a feeling that no form of victory or drug could replace, like Hiroshima and Titanic all at one moment. 
‘Is it really me?’, Rubbing his head
‘How am I going to do this?’
Prince wondered in his mind while he looked through the glass window overlooking the room in which his wife and beautiful child lay. He forgot even about the incident that had occurred earlier on. He stood with outer amazement it was beautiful and made him believe that maybe in all this, God’s had a plan.
As he stood there in a distance were nurses racing pushing an emergency bed which had a body on top of it,
‘Her pulse is dropping’, cried one nurse, trying by all means to push the bed faster.
‘Prepare the room we have to perform an E.O immediately’, replied the second person, who was wearing a white coat that was different from the sky blue clothes that all the other nurses wore. The patient lay still on the bed lifeless with only the emergency breather assisting her. A small hand could be seen hanging out from the bed. It had a nice African bead work bracelet with the initials Lipsy, suddenly Prince was caught with shock he could not understand what he had seen cause the only person he knew who had such a bracelet was Lizy. He had bought Lizy the bracelet with the words Lisy standing for Lizy and p for Prince, combined to form Lipsy. He froze
‘Lizy!’ trying to move his feet
‘Lizy!’
‘Lizy!,’ 
‘What’s going on nurses?’
The one wearing the white coat answered with a heist in her voice 
‘We have to operate her, she suffered a ….’
Prince did not hear her last words; she swung the door behind her blocking Prince and Lizy’s mother who were all trying to get answers.
‘Mama what’s wrong now with Lizy?’, Prince asked Lizy’s mother 
‘She is bleeding; I think she has lost the baby’, Lizy’s mother was trying not to cry
‘That’s what the doctor told me.’
Prince felt a sower feeling of despair move down from his throat down straight into his belly, how was it possible that two completely different events could happen on one day?. How could he have lost and gained a child in a single moment? He could not believe it but could only imagine that the worst was over cause a little more could see him off the edge.
The night was long for Prince he felt happy for Ester and the little baby and at the same time felt sad that he had lost Lizy’s baby 
‘Hello mama how is Lizy?’
‘Lizy is ok, please don’t call this number’, the receiver was placed back with force making Prince’s ear hurt with the feedback sound that it made when it touched down. That was it Lizy’s mother had shown that she did not want anything to do with him or his compassion.
Chapter 3
Life’s Escape’ 

A smell of love aroma rose ignites the environmental elements with colour. The hand caressed her mouth, both lips interlocked with each tongue’s wave of movement making a shape like two dolphins playing in perfect sequence in water. Laying necked, face against the wall, her breasts protruding like two huge granite mountains without trees, they were the most big, smooth and beautiful pair of breasts any men had ever seen. She was like a model, legs long like a giraffe’s. Her buttock was against his manhood, he was inside her from the back, moving slowly with rhythm, making sure that he got all her pleasure points’. He knew how to romance her, how to get her speaking in tongues.
‘Baby faster’
‘Make me come, please make me’, she groaned in satisfaction. 
‘Ester wake up’, a woman hoarse voice was playing in the background.
Ester grabbed his buttocks and shaved him even deeper. He now moved with speed, making her scream him name, grabbing tight against the wall.
‘Come on Prince’, please don’t stop, groaning, painting a roar of joy 
‘Ester wake up’, pouring water onto her. 
Ester woke up to deep dissatisfaction she lay on the hard floor of old shunt house water all over her face and her Aunty standing over her with an empty bucket. She didn’t want to wake up to the horror that awaited her that day and wanted to keep on dreaming. He meant a lot to her and she missed him dreadfully. She would have given anything to keep herself in dreamland. Her Aunty had taken her in on the pretence that it was her final year of matriculation and she needed more study time hence a place with less disturbance. This had helped the three of them. Ester, her Aunty and mother conceal the pregnancy from Ester’s father and the community. Esters Aunty was a widow, her husband had died two years back and she lived with her two daughters who most of the times were in boarding school. But as the elders say the truth will come out no matter how much you try to hide it.
‘Ester today we are taking you to your husband’, aunt’s voice had authority in it. 
She was a woman of virtue who was an upholder of the truth and a fame believer in God. Although she had agreed not to tell Ester’s father the day she had walked into that hut and had overheard the conversation between Ester and her mom. It was a game of cat and mouse between Ester and her, she made sure Ester felt the full impact of her actions.
‘Aunty I am not ready yet’, trying to wipe the embarrassment of what had just occurred
‘You want to disgrace me?’
‘Come on spread your blankets’
Her voice was already elevated and the distaste in it made Ester realised that she was going to take her to Prince’s house with or without her approval, even if it meant dragging her all the way.
“Okay Aunty” Ester replied already up folding the small blanket she had used as a cover for the past four months during her stay with her aunt. The pregnancy bum on Ester was now visible to the necked eye. She was now in her eight month and people were starting to talk and soon news would reach her father. Ester had stopped going to school a little while ago and her friends were asking her mother for her whereabouts.
Ester wore white veal that covered her whole body, but allowed her to see. It was a true traditional ceremony, crouching by the small black gate that led into the house of the Zulu family Ester and her aunty had announced their presence on the Zulu residence. As time went on they started to wonder what was taking long the people inside the house to come out. They had arrived at the gate to three small kids with torn clothes playing with a homemade soccer ball. One of them had raced inside the house and after a short while a woman had peeped out of the window in the rear front.
‘Aunty why are they not coming to greed us?’ asked Ester 
She was not able to sit in one position for a long time; her pregnancy was almost due and gave her discomfort.
‘Maybe they don’t know you’, replied her aunt
Ester’s Aunty picked up a stone and threw it on to the house roof. The stone made a huge click sound as it bounced onto the asbestos and went to a halt.
‘Get away from here!’, 
‘We don’t know you’
Prince’s sister appeared from the back of the house holding a rode that had probably been taken from the banana trees; she was furiously pacing like a wounded elephant drawing close to the gate. 
‘You witch! I’m going to teach you a lesson not to mess with us’ shouting as she advanced.
She was almost at the gate with a centimetre or two left, when she took a step back, drawing her right hand up, which was holding the stick. As she was about to strike, Ester’s Aunty grabbed onto Ester’s hand, pressed her head down and braced her for the beating that was to come. Closing her eyes she cried
‘We will die here’,
She had tried covering Ester with her body to protect her from the stick.
‘Ester!’
, ‘Ester’, a male voice breathing heavily coming in a distance shouted.
‘Stand up, it’s me Prince!’ holding his sister by the arm. Prince had arrived just in time to prevent his sister from hurting the two of them. His mother now stood aside shouting for Prince to let his sister beat the hell out of the two. Prince’s mother and sister were certain that Ester was lying about her pregnancy and to them she was a home breaker. To them she had broken Prince and Lizy’s perfect home and had to have her ass handed to herself.
‘Mama stop it!’ cried Prince aloud,
Now the whole street was full of people both neighbours and passer-by’s. In the crowd was Lizy’s mother who was first on the scene when she had heard screaming, she was preparing to go to work and was just about to take her bath. 
‘B**ch!’ the crowd voiced as one.
‘Let’s beat them up’ 
It was a typical mob psychology with Lizy’s mother inciting the violence, shouting inside the crowd to beat the two. The situation had quickly transformed from a home quarrel to a star rally and Ester was the star speaker. Realising that he could not control the situation anymore, Prince grabbed both Ester and her Aunty by the arms and went up the street with the mob following chanting a war song. As he was near a bent a taxi came from down the street and he quickly shaved them in making sure no one else entered and instructed the driver to drive before his taxi was reduced to scrap metal by the mob that was now ready to pounce on the three of them.
The telephone rang and Prince’s mother had just entered from her usual business at the market. Two days had paced since she had seen her son and now the drama that had occurred yesterday had sunk into her now. She had been such a fool acting without consulting her other relatives and made her son a sworn enemy. Reconciliation is what she wanted now.
‘My baby is it you? I am sorry’
‘Yes mama it’s me’, replied Prince
‘Where are you? Can you please come back home so that we can talk’,
The cracking in her voice could be heard at the other side of the call. It was now a mother expressing her love to her child, but it was already late. The damage had already been done. Prince had taken refuge at one of his father’s brothers house in the suburbs. The family had welcomed them with open arms, but it was a deceitful act in which they hoped to gain insight into the story and later use it to make laugh while they enjoyed food on their table. He had nowhere to go and had to swallow his pride and stay with the devil himself clothed in ships wool. At least his family was safe.
‘Mama as long as Ester is not welcomed, am not coming back, good bye’, Prince spoke and placed the receiver down. He had nailed his mother with a self-blame that was going to haunt her until her death. The sound of a dead line followed and all the poor women could do was cry.
‘What have I done lord?’
‘If only my husband was here to help me’. She let down the receiver and it fell onto the floor.
Hours turned into days and days turned into weeks. It was now exactly three weeks since Ester’s Aunty had left them to stay with his cousins in the suburbs. Although she came on a regular bases after a day or two to see how Ester was doing, both now missed the people they used to stay with. Ester and Prince had little to do all day, maids were ever at the family’s disposal. It was like a small holiday away from home but that did not clear the thought and anticipation of the question.
‘Baby so what are we going to do?’ Ester asked her husband. 
They lay in bed in one of the visitor’s room that had been converted to accommodate them.
‘Don’t worry baby I will think of a way’, replied Prince in a low tone.
Even to him it seemed impossible for them to survive with no money and a job. Although Prince was playing in a second division team, little did he make in terms of money. Once he had joined his mother in selling vegetables but had found the business not that profitable at all. Now feeding two more people was a mission impossible to him. He tried comforting her by kissing her on the forehead and said in a soft voice 
‘All is well ‘As she lay on his chest.
Chapter 4
‘Life’s Lesson’

Palm lines and his eyes were a true reflection of Prince and Ester. Sam was adorable as he lay in the small cuddle basket that had been bought a day before he was born. Such a small creature the length of a school ruler, weight of a two kilogram bag of floor, with little legs and arms. Ester cried with joy every time she laid eyes on him.
‘Imi!, momo!,  bubu!’ mama loves you’, tickling his small tummy.
‘So what are we going to call you’, she picked Sam up and started walking towards the dinning holding him on her chest.
Prince was sitting in a cream sofa by the corner in the big lounge that had antics at every side. The room looked like a museum with African clay vases and paintings. One would marvel at the choice of colour in the room, walls were white with a crystal chandelier overlooking the bamboo ceiling coated with Mukwa tree oil. At the other corner there was a huge wall fitted television the same height as an average person from the ground upwards. Just above the television was a bronze sculpture that was placed on an extending short wall, it was a sculpture of Prince’s Great Grandfather. Prince remembered him while visiting the farm, with his father when he was little. He used to play at his grandfather’s feet while he sat on a garden chair outside. He had lived to see his grand, grandchildren.
‘We shall call him Sam after my Great grandfather’, looking towards Ester
‘Baby I like Jimmy more’, it’s the name I always wanted to call my child. Ester was now standing next to Prince and was blocking his view from the television. 
‘Ester can I show you something’, standing up and holding her by the back as he led both of them towards the television. They reached a foot away from the television and Prince stopped.
‘Ester, this was my great grandfather, he was a noble man. I liked him a lot and he is the reason am here today’. 
‘Have I ever told your how he came from the Limpopo clan, him and his friend in search of greener pastures in the north?’ He worked in construction’. As Prince narrated Ester drifted into a Trans, seeing a young man who resembled the sculpture, walking a huge distance with a small bag. The story touched Ester’s heart and imagination.
‘Okay will call him Sam, hope he won’t be like your grandfather, who was adventurous travelling all the time’. Prince laughed and gave Ester a French kiss.
‘Daddy there is something I have been waiting to ask you’,
Every time Ester said Daddy to him he knew that the next question to come wanted him to show responsibility. She had used the word Daddy every time the man part of him was called into action.
‘Are you taking the job offer in Johannesburg?’ looking straight into his eyes with her big eyes.
‘I will think about it you know I can’t just leave my soccer team this side’, showing signs of doubt, Prince replied.
Ester’s Aunty had secured Prince a job as a restaurant waiter in Johannesburg and he had not moved, proposing that it was dangerous to move with a pregnant lady that was due. The matter had hanged in suspense from that time but now it was time for him to make a decision since Ester had given birth a month ago. Was it going to be Ester and Sam or his soccer career that was on the blink of success? He had managed to single handed help promote his team to the first division and was the star player. Rumours about premiership clubs eyeing him had surfaced and he just needed one session run with his team in the first division to win the hearts of the bigger clubs in the top flirt league
‘Daddy you know the job offer expires next week, we can’t stay here forever’, Ester tried convincing her husband.
‘Yes baby I know, give me time to decide’, 
It was now time to choose. Although there stay in the suburbs was great, life had to move on. They knew it was not long till the relatives started talking about pitiful issues just to make a mock out of them. Like any fairy-tale it had to come to an end and time was not on their side. Prince had to make a move of his or life was going to make one for him. It was like watching Prince playing timed chess with an opponent with his turn and a few moves left. The only reality was the opponent was life itself. To him Sam and Ester were his bishop and queen and losing them will spell doom in his castle. He had to part ways with his Trojan horse soccer and protect his bishop and queen, but the move was a tough one to make.
‘Cousin, Daddy is calling you’,
He is in the garage fixing his car; it was one of Prince’s cousins, who had been sent by her father, 
‘Okay am coming’. Prince replied as he turned towards his room
These talks had been part of his stay at the suburbs; he had grown accustomed to them like taking breakfast. Prince knew that not a day would past without having them with his father’s brother. Rain had started to drizzle a bit outside and the temperature had dropped remarkably outside. He went into his room grabbed a jersey and took the stairs that led down into the garage 
Prince father’s brother was working on the engine of a 1992 blue BMW 412 with its round silver lights and a table charge system, it was an antic and not one day passed without him looking under the hood. He loved the car so much and made it a point that it stayed sparkle clean without a dent.
‘Hand me the twelve spanner’, his whole body was under the car which was hosted up by a lever. Only his legs were visible.
‘When are you going to be a man Prince?’ he asked as he rolled out from underneath the car, 
‘You are now a father and you need your private space’.
Those questions came as a surprise to Prince he didn’t expect his father’s brother to be that blunt. 
‘You know that I am just like you father’.
‘You need to stop dreaming about soccer and get a job’, Prince wished he could close his ears or a hole would open in the ground so that he could vanish into thin air.
‘Am giving you up to next week for you to get a job, you can go now’. As he rolled back under the car.
Prince did not even get a chance to explain himself out. He took a walk of shame from the garage straight onto the sofa, belittled he could not even hear Ester telling him that food is ready. How was he going to tell his wife that they had been given an ultimatum to leave if they didn’t get a job in the next week? For 30 minutes he sat on the sofa, trying to make of what to do. He had not anticipated the move life had just made on him. It was a typical fools mate in chess. He had played the fool with no reply what so ever.
‘Am going to sleep’, Prince whispered to Ester
‘But you have not eaten Daddy’,
‘No! I have a heard ach I will eat when I wake up’, he finished his sentence almost opening his bedroom door and swung it closed with a bang that made Ester wonder what was wrong with him.
Chapter 5
‘Leap of Faith ‘

The train scaled the land, trees racing passed each other, leaving a nice olive green carpet. Rays of gold were slowly disappearing as the night slowly creped on the sun which was setting in the east
‘Whooo!,  whooo!’, smoke coming out of the train top
It sounded its horn in the distance announcing its presence. Metal grinded against metal making a deifying sound, emitting a mass of smoke that was quickly sucked in by air that opposed the direction of the train. Like an African Chongololo moving in grass it saddled into the south. The passengers sat minding their own space on the four setter chairs that were split into two sets by a large wooden table in the middle. Prince and ester sat on one side opposite them was an old couple. Sam slept quietly in Ester’s arms and only his blue blanket was visible from a distance. Prince week had passed and his timer had stopped. He had been evicted from the suburbs and had to face the world. With only Two hundred rand he had got for a game he had played for his team in his pocket. He was ready to make a living in the city of gold, Johannesburg. The economy class of the train was the means of travel for most of the long distance travellers in South Africa; most could not afford the high bus fares. As a result it was always full, people could be seen in the passage ways, toilets and even emergency exist just trying to reach there destination. The economy class had little security at all due to the little space that was left by people. Prince and Ester had been lucky to secure seats on the train. The train went on and the lights from the train went dark. A hose voice spoke from the intercom in the train. One could tell that the person on the intercom was sleepy
‘We are sorry for the lights please bear with us’,
‘We are experiencing a technical difficulty’, crack sound of a receiver being placed down was heard as the voice disappeared with the sound of the train moving.
The situation was now critical; people could barely see where they were seated.
‘Daddy! Where is our monarchy?’ Ester asked Prince
‘Love! I left it by the locked emergency doors, its safe’.
As Prince spoke, the train started slowing down and signalling an oncoming station. It was now or never for Prince to grab the bag before the train went to a perfect stop. The emergency doors would be opened when the train was totally still and there had been incidents /reports of bags being stolen when the train had stopped in previous trips.
‘Hurry Prince it’s almost stopping’, Ester whispered, a stinky smock was coming up from below.
The brakes had been applied and sparks could be seen in the dark, sparking in all direction. The train went to a perfect halt,
‘My bag’ Prince shouted, pushing people that where in the passage way as he tried to make his way to the bag. The monarch was tossed off the train on to the dark grass that was opposite the stations tar mark. 
A black man wearing a hoody had pulled it up and thrown it like a tennis ball out the open window. In no seconds he had jumped out the door and vanished with the only important thing that both Ester and Prince had. Inside the suitcase was Prince’s Carpentry Certificate which was their only hope of getting a job in Johannesburg and all their belongings.
‘Oh my God someone help me’, Prince cried for help, rushing toward the direction the man had disappeared. It was dark, visibility reduced to zero.
The police men came but could do little to help because the train was almost due to depart. After ten minutes of searching in the nearby bush were the thief had disappeared into, the search was aborted. Now the couple were in trouble because the address to the job had also gone with the monarch. Ester cried her lungs out. Prince tried to comfort her, little could he also do as he was trying not to cry also. He remained calm holding Ester and the baby close. The journey took long to end misery was now upon them. After forty minutes later they reached Park Station, Johannesburg
The station was full of graphitic drawings at every wall. It was big with trains coming and going in every direction, like a taxi rank with the only difference in that the trains were moving in single files on the docks.
The air was filled with smoky stink. A ramp was next to the boarding slab of the train station. People were moving in one direction into the escalators that were heading up into heaven. One could wonder as he moved up with the escalators into a dream. On top of the ride the ground levelled up into a nice white tiled open space with small rooms and classic music. It was so spacious. The air was so clean and nice. Security personal where closely observing the drift of passenger’s in and out of the docking area and the open space. It was an experience that Prince had never had, since back home the train station was merely a one block station.
Ester clang close to Prince as both of them followed the mass of people that had exited the train with them. The people moved faster towards the doors with an exit sign on top of it.
Huge doors with see through glass were swung open and a sight that made Ester and Prince swallow a gallop of saliva down their throats was presented.
Several building raised high into the sky, they could hardy tell where they ended. The sun was not even visible and the reflection of the sky made a dark cast on the tarred roads on the roads. No space was left without a building occupying it.
‘God it’s beautiful’, whispered Prince.
Both now stood beside the exit doors, their heads raised high into the sky.
‘Should it not be God help us’, Ester replied while smiling,
For a minute the smile made Prince feel at peace from all the things that had occurred. The three now had reached their destination but how were they going to find Themba’s place. Themba was the person who was supposed to meet them at the train station. His contact numbers and address had been lost inside the monarchy that got stolen.
‘Salibonani / How are u?’
A short young man stood about a meter next to them and was extending his hand to greet them
Prince had been warned about the crocks that are in Johannesburg
He hesitated to reply as if he was deaf. 
‘Where are you heading?’ the short man asked again now three foot away from Ester.
‘Leave us alone!’ Prince shouted stepping forward between the young man and Ester
‘Sorry I am not going to hurt you and your wife’, the young man insisted, raising his hands in a gesture of surrendering. He did not want to attract attention of the police officers who were standing a couple of meters away.
‘My name is Makhosani, but you can call me Makho’, stepping a foot away
‘I can help you get accommodation, the sun is almost setting’.
Johannesburg was a bad place to be caught jay walking as there were cases of all kinds from robbery, rape, assault, human trafficking to even police arrest. The city was like Sodom and Gomorra during the night and New York’s Manhattan Street during the day. A person could be killed a meter were people are standing, with no one even bothering to help. Prince had to make a decision. Either wonder the streets in search of a place to stay or be harbouring with a stranger he had meet a second ago. The light could be seen slowly disappearing and the view changing from light green to dark green and finally black in the distance streets.
Princes thought he could stay for the night at Makho’s place and in the morning call Ester’s Aunty.
‘Where do you stay?’ Prince extended his hand to greet Makho
It was like watching a mouse shake hands with a cat or a peace agreement between the Presidents of America and Iraq. There was not even an ounce of trust, what had to be done had to be done for both to survive.
‘I stay in Hillbrow flats’, Makho replied with calmness in his voice that made Prince wonder what he was getting himself into.
The name Hillbrow made Prince see an uptown flat with class and style, but little did he know what was in store for them.
‘Okay! but we got mugged and lost our belongings on the train’ 
‘All we have left is Two hundred rand’, Prince made it clear to Makho that he should not expect much from both of them.
Makho agreed to a One hundred rand rent for them to stay for a day with him. Soon they were walking in a south east direction, but little could Prince understand because it was now dark. Cars were passing in all directions and the city was now alive. People stood in the side walk pavements going about as if the day was just beginning yet it was ending. Ladies of the night could be seen in traffic lights corners wearing nothing but bum shorts and dresses that exposed most of the flesh that made up there body. The three of them walked for fifteen minutes and as the distance increased so did the noise of clubs parting the night away and the number of people on the streets.
‘There is our flat!’, Makho announced with some excitement as if presenting something unique landmark to both Prince and Ester, but it only made them get a chill in their bellies. 
Hillbrow flats were not as the name presented. It was filthy with the wall turning green grey from the white colour that showed underneath with dirt. Most of the windows were broken and people could be seen standing on almost every balcony either smoking cigars or drinking beer.
It was like the den of the devil himself, but for the two it was too late to back out now. Music could be heard coming from the basement. The rooms showed that they were with no electricity as they were all dark with little candle lights showing.
Ester clang to Prince, she was now in shock and almost fainting.
‘Prince how will we stay with our baby in that house? ‘she whispered to Prince.
‘We have to baby its already dark’ he tried to comfort her but was now almost freeking out himself.
They went into the flat entrance, were creepy men were standing and one of them greeted Makho in a language that both could not understand. Makho apologized for the elevator that was not working as he was going to do for all the things in that flat that was dysfunctional
At every corner up the stairs, women of all sizes were proposing sex to them and on others two were seen making out in the open. It was a disgusting sight but all this came unnoticed to the two as their mind was now set on reaching their place. After climbing ten floors, they reached there floor. It was bit different from all the other once they had passed, this made them relax a bit.
‘Here we are!’ Makho echoed his voice inside the room.
The room was divided with curtains to form compartments and you could see people inside the first compartment. The curtains would allow one to see the whole room corners. In each compartment were a bed and some small belongings of the occupants.
‘Here is your place’, Makho led them to an empty side near the toilet door that had a bed. Its blankets were jumbled out all over; someone had slept on it previously.
‘Who had slept on it?’ trying to press the mattress. 
‘Was the person coming back?’ all these questions rang in Prince’s mind.
‘Okay I will see you tomorrow the toilet is on your left’, closing the door behind him. Makho’s last words were heard by Prince as he was going down the stairs.
Ester placed Sam on the bed and lay beside him
Prince also slept aside telling his wife and child Zulu tell stories so that they could sleep.
‘My baby!
My baby!, 
Prince woke up to see his wife crying trying to pull the blue blanket that Sam was in.
‘You thief leave my son, Fusek! Prince cried helping his wife pull the blanket.
It was slipping off. The grip on the baby gave in to the pull all that they were left holding was a blue blanket. The thief throw baby Sam across the balcony to another person and jumped out the window landing on his head and died instantly. Everyone in that room woke up and tried to scream for help, but it was already late. Sam hard already been taken and all Prince did was run down and up the steers of the 18th floor building crying and shouting Sam’s name. 
‘Can someone call 911’ Prince shouted in the corridor.
Ester fainted and the other occupants were busy trying to revive her. With no energy and air left Prince knelled down on the cold floor. His world was now silent no creature was in his view. The city looked as if it was laughing at his pain. He cried his heart out he had lost his inspiration Sam. All his world and future was on Sam and it was gone.
Cars with sirens gathered outside the flat entrance thirty minutes later with SWAT and Civilian Officers. A call had been placed by one of the occupants in the room. It was like a movie snipers where positioned on the building windows opposite the flat and where on standby awaiting the order to shot. Barricades had been established one block circumference from the crime scene in no minutes. A white tall man came out from the lead car wearing a black protective vest holding a loud speaker.
‘Attention this building is condemned can you evict the building now!’
‘We are giving you forty five minutes to take your things out after which we will start cleaning the building floor by floor’, the white man produced a big sound that made Prince forget about the baby and tremble with fear as he stood in the room glancing outside.
‘Get away you dogs!’ this is not your territory.
A man shouted from one of the flats windows and started beating on the doors chanting Zulu tribal war songs.
The police officer waited for an hour while he was drawing on a big map that was placed on top of the bonnet of one of the police cars. The other occupants in the room warned Prince not to step out of the room as the singing mob went up and down the stairs hysterical as each minute went by. It was either a gun shot from the mob or the police.
After an hour of waiting the tall man came back and spoke again. 
‘This is your last warning my men are to shot to kill anyone who tries to resist arrest’,
‘Ready your guns!’ guns were herd being drawn.
As he was speaking a gunshot sound was head from the other flat window just three floors below where they were staying, and an Officer standing next to the tall man fell down onto the tarred road.
‘Shots fired! Shots fired! Taking position behind car doors the white man spoke into a radio that was on his shoulder
‘Officer down’
‘Offensive monuver, take the building down’, the radios in the cars cracked.
Voices cracked in the dark, hell had been let loose, it was now a war and Ester and Prince were caught in between in no man’s zone. The police took the building in a cow horn formation in no minutes bullets were flying in all direction. Bodies dropping onto the floor like flies. Snipers had been ordered to shot protective cover on the flat to protect the foot officers that were now working their way ground up the building arresting everyone. People were racing up the stairs and out the windows onto the other buildings adjacent the flat. Prince with adrenaline running through his veins, rolled onto the floor and did a gorilla press app position and rolled his way to the corner were Ester had hide herself by the toilet door. Taking one look, he peeped out of the window and picked his fainted wife like a ten kilogram sack of mealie meal and placed her on his shoulder, racing for the window. He didn’t even think of grabbing their belongings. In no time he was on top of the other building running on top of the asbestos
The bullet passed by his leg bruising him and shot the person running in front of him; he dropped right in front of him. Prince jumped the wounded person, suspended for that micro second in the air like a long jump athlete, everything went into slow motion. He saw the man that had stolen Sam running about ten meters on the side pavement, from where he was and holding what looked like a baby. Landing on the asbestos with one foot, he heard a cracking sound underneath him. The asbestos broke sending him flying down into the building and hitting the floor hard, his world went dark at that moment and he fell unconscious.
Chapter 6
‘Survival of the Fittest’

‘Got a survivor here’, Prince lay unconscious on top of the debris that had made a cushion for him when he was falling down. He could not move his leg.
‘Where is my wife?’ he shouted trying to move his leg
‘What’s your name?’ the paramedics asked trying to move him onto the stretcher bed that was next to him.
‘My name is Prince, what did you do to my wife?’ showing signs of disorientation 
He struggled to get up, but could only raise his head, his whole body was paralysed.
‘Administrating 2cc morphine and 15ml sleeping dosage’
‘Sir Can you hear me?’ The paramedic spoke while injecting the needle into his shoulder 
‘You’re going to be fine’, calming Prince down, he was now going into sleep and his vision was becoming blurred.
‘We are going to move you now’ those were the last words Prince heard from the paramedic before his eyes closed off and he went to sleep.
‘Beep! Beep!’, showing zig zag signs on the machine monitor. The cardio machine showed that Prince was alive 
‘How you doing Mr Zulu?’ a nurse was holding a brown clipboard. 
It was a female nurse wearing a blue suit with nice white tennis shoes
‘Where is my wife?’ Prince bounced up and fell down on to the floor with tremendous force and started to shout and cry at once,
‘Sir can your stop that!’, the nurse pushed the emergency button and a team of nurses rushed in after a minute and placed Prince back onto the bed. In seconds Prince was sleeping again like a baby having been dosed again for the second time.
Prince woke up forty five minutes later on top of the hospital bed. His leg and two arms were plastered and hanged using strings at a thirty degree angle from the bed. His whole body was strapped with bandages and he could only move his lips. A female with a white coat was standing next to him and was busy writing on a clip board.
‘How are you Mr Zulu? ‘She asked while attempting to adjust her reading glasses.
‘You are lucky, you only suffered a broken leg, arm and rid’
‘You need to rest so that you can recover quickly’, she was now pushing buttons on the cardiac machine that was next to Prince which was taking reading of his heart beat
‘Where is my wife? Prince asked the doctor with temper flaring in his voice?’
‘Am sorry Mr Zulu we did not see your wife when we recovered you’
The doctor’s reply was a flare of fire, touching his wounds and increasing his pain. Prince started crying and wanted to move himself, how could he loose the love of his life like that.
‘You have to keep still Mr Zulu’, the doctor insisted but that did not help he was now pushing everything that lay in his path trying to establish his ground so that he could go and rescue his wife. A group of nurses ran into the room.
‘Mr Zulu keep still we will find your wife’, injecting a needle into Prince, the nurse had to subdue him for the third time because he was now creating a scene in the room again. 
In a second Mr Zulu was placed back onto the bed in a sleep. The doctor called the security and reported Ester missing. All they could do from now was to wait and hope that Ester was safe 
After a day Prince subdued, the police came with no news of the where about of Ester and this did not come well with Prince he was now left alone like in the beginning. He had gone out in search of the great gold but instead had dug a pit for himself and his generation. What puzzled him most was that since the day Lizy’s mother sworn to Prince that he was not going to find peace as long as she lived on earth that day in hospital. He had not found any and he thought the Gods were now shunning him and had cast a bad luck spell on him of due to the cries of both Lizy and her mother. He replayed the events leading to the fall into the abounded warehouse in his head trying to get a clue to where Ester could have gone. It was a desperate act, but what could he do as he lay on that hospital bed.
Not a day passed without Prince calling the Detective who had been assigned to the disappearance of Sam and Ester. But little could he make of the mysterious bold black person who had abducted Sam and the whereabouts of Ester. He had to get strong. Time was a precious commodity to him, because every minute that passed was a possibility of Ester being turned into a sex worker or sold for parts on the black market and Sam disappearing forever. Reports of a group of Nigerians had been reported who had entered the city and were setting up sex houses all over the city. Two days passed and Prince was now feeling a bit better but he could not walk. He needed some form of assistance to get up later alone walk, he hard to push with all his strength to get better.
As the sun went down the third day, the doctor had ordered the nurses to relax on him since he was now out of trouble and hence Prince had been allocated a wheel chair to use as he went around the hospital. Prince planned his escape that night while he went around the ward. He went in circles as if he was looking at the other patients but yet he was busy observing the movements of the nurses and the way they swap their duties. A ten minute window was what Prince had to make his escape in the morning before the next shift of nurses came into work. Apart from the nurses, he had to deal with the vast security guards that were always wondering in the corridors.
He made his attempt in the morning and paid a nurse to disguise as if he is taking him out to some tests, once they were in the corridors. You would be surprised at what a pack of cigar rates can do if you are in need.
As Prince came to a stop outside the hospital, he knew that the male nurse had done his part, Alone in the street of Johannesburg unable to walk; he had to find a boy to push him instead. After pushing himself for about two hundred meters from the hospital he was exhausted and went to a halt at a small supermarket that was up the road.
‘Good morning’, a short black man greeted and passed him
It was like a Day Jar Vuu, Prince remembered of Makho, the man who had brought him to Hillbrow flats. The short black man was a true reflection of him. He made it in his mind that if he wanted to find Ester, Makho was the right person to consult since he knew almost every one entering and leaving the city by train. He only had to push himself to Park train station. Some energy like that of a stallion overtook him and he started to roll the chairs wheels towards the station. After a whole hour of pushing and resting he was fifty meters away from the train station when he saw Makho. As usual in the same clothes he had worn when Prince had first meet him, going about the same style of approach like he had done to Prince. Prince crossed the street. Taxis were packed aside the road.
‘Hie Makho!’ Prince greeted Makho while grabbing his trouser, this did not come well with him, and he started to scream,
‘Thief help!’ it’s me Prince, trying to stand up.
Marko stopped screaming and took a closer look at a figure that looked exhausted lying in the wheel chair. It was different from the one that had walked out of exit doors four days ago.
‘Hey man what happened to your queen and boy? Makho asked, helping Prince stand with his shaking legs.
‘They were abducted you have to help me man’, Prince replied trying not to let tears drop out of his eyes, he now felt the pain again of losing his family. The pain was an emotional one, that could cripple you more than any physical injury could do to a person.
‘You look like sh*t man!’ helping Prince Sit back into his wheel chair, he could merely stand for a minute.
‘I have to get you something to eat so that you can tell me what happened that day, it was mad crazy man’, Makho pushed Prince out of the train station to the Dock shop and bought him coffee they sat down on the metal chairs and tables.
Prince finished his coffee and French toast in no time, he had last eat the day before. In the hospital memory of losing his family had made him loose his appetite. After the meal Prince explained everything to Makho who was left speechless but could only scratch his head and repeatedly say 
‘Sh*t man! sh*t man!’ you have been through a lot’.
Chapter 7
‘Stored Secretes’ 

Sam lay exhausted; he had been sleeping for two hours now. He had written his mid-year exams and had gone to an after party thereafter with his friends, parting deep into the night.
‘My baby! My baby! Prince’
Sam woke up crying and screaming. This bad dream had haunted him for the past twenty years. He had tried all different medication to surprise them but it was to no avail. Sam always thought something was wrong with himself. He thought the dream was some sought of alternative universe that was occurring or an event in the near future. Sam had been adopted at the age of six months and raised by a wealthy Dube family, in the Midrand suburbs. The adoption agency had said a man had dropped him off at a Catholic church in Johannesburg with a teddy bear written Sam P Junior. He had grown to be handsome ten foot lad with great brains and physic. 
He was in his first year at the University of Johannesburg, studying a Degree in Forensic science. To him Forensic science came as a passion he loved it so much and was always taking the awards at the University. Apart from having great brains Sam always loved soccer and would not miss any match that was being broadcasted on the conference room television set in his dormitory. His adoptive parents had told him that they had failed to establish the identity of his biological parents, but he was always hunting trying to establish the events that led to his adoption. Sam wondered as he sat on the bed holding his head.
‘Who were my parents?,  didn’t they love me?’
‘Are they still alive?’. these questions he always asked himself inside his head every day. The sun had already risen and its raises lit the room in the small gaps left by the closed curtain. The dormitories at university were first class rooms and Sam occupied one of the best, all the luxury were at his disposal.
The day was starting slow for him as usual and he went about his morning routine. A bit of press ups and sit ups before he hit the shower. He made it a point that every morning he read a bible verse and a prayer. The prayer was always about his parents, he would ask the lord to take care of them
Sam finished preparing for his lectures and as he was about to leave, a drum beat sound started playing on his door.
‘Introducing the star player of the session, Taylor Tshabalala!’
It was Taylor his child hood friend who was making the sound; he had come over as he had done all the past days 
‘Bro last night was a blast’, Taylor spoke while giving Sam a high five
‘Sho! sho!, bro we nailed it’, picking up his car keys. 
Sam drove a 1980 black beetle that had pimped 15 mm silver rims and side extensions. It was a classic. His adoptive parents had bought him ‘The Beast’ as he called it, when he had finished matric level and came out with flying colours acing all his subjects. His determination came from the idea that one day he will meet his parents and give them all they want
Sam rattled the booster engine as they drove out the campus residential area. The small car had been fitted with a 1000 kw sound stereo which played to full blast every time they came into the main campus lecture buildings always announcing their presents one hundred meters away.
‘Who’s the beast?’ Sam shouted while entering the lecture room. 
Screams were heard all over the room, with cheering and whistling. A group of friends came to great him, he was an inspiration to many of his colleagues and to a few pu**y cat dolls that wanted to bed him at any chance that came there way.
But he always avoided them and never looked at any girl in his faculty. The lectures started and went on as usual. Break time came; he went to the usual spot and chilled with his friends. He had four friends from different faculties that associated with him and always sat with them on the balcony on the side escape stairs overlooking the administration buildings. They sat talking about how they had partied the previous night at a local club in town. Something caught all of their attention and eyes at once.
In a distance was a mythical creature walking in slow motion, her body so fine and slender with boobs that made all four open there mouths wide in surprise. She wore black tights that showed her distinctive figure and had big breasts which were so round like oranges on a tree ready for harvest.
‘Man that girl is super fine! Taylor spoke trying to stand up, Sam grabbed hold of his leg. 
‘Man you don’t go after her while she has a friend’.
As he spoke the girl’s eye interlocked for a second with all five of them that made them lust for her touch. She turned, swung her hair in slow motion and disappeared into the administration building
‘Guys let’s have a bet!, whoever gets that girl I will give him my Nike soccer boots’, Taylor said those words looking directly at Sam. 
He knew those boots where price less as they were custom made and they were a replica to the ones that were used by Tshabalala in the 2012 world cup that had been held in South Africa. 
‘I will do it give me a month and if I fail you can have the Beast’, Sam dared his friends
A roll was heard, cheering and chanting Sam name from where the crew sat.
‘Okay let the games begin,’ the whole crew agreed to give each other a chance starting with Sam and they shock on it all four of them. 
That was the most beautiful sight Sam had ever seen and the memory of her bothered him in a weird way. He was interested in knowing the girl but did not like her. It was as if he had a magnet that attracted him to her. Sam knew that as the group’s role model he had to take the bet first. Break time ended and the crew dispersed.
Left for him to plan his execution, he had to win the girls attention than loose the Beast. He researched about the girl but to no luck. It was as if that day they had seen a ghost walking. She was nowhere to be found. One weekend morning Sam was playing soccer with his crew in the field, he saw her standing there with her friend watching the game. At that moment he faked an injury and forced himself out of the game so that he could just talk to her.
‘How you doing ladies I am Sam you’re’, he asked them nicely trying to hold his excitement.
‘Hie! Sam’, the friend replied but she kept quite
Sam felt a hostile environment and said
‘I was wondering which class you two are in.’
‘We both are doing medicine’, the friend replied but she still kept quiet.
‘That explains why your faces are not familiar on campus you stay off campus in town’. Prince extended his hand to greet them.
‘I am Grace and this is Izzy’, Sam was well versed in the science world and soon got them talking about Alternate Reality in no time. Sam loved that topic and was writing a paper about it. They sat alongside the by-line of the soccer pitch and debated until the match was over. It was a discussion that made them want another day to finish it off. Both sides could not finish presenting their facts and Sam arranged for them to meet at lunch time on campus to finish there debate as he took them half way towards the gates.
After the match the gang met and went out for drinks at a nearest Traven, drinking late into the night. Sam got back to his room at six in the morning and had 30 minutes of nap time only. 
Sam hardly took a bath and was sleepy during the day. On break time he told Taylor that he was going to take a short nape and would see him at lunch when he was meeting Izzy. He overslept and woke up at three. He tried locating the two but failed and was left with disappointment, he knew his chances of seeing the two were slim as most of the medicine lectures were held in hospitals rather than lecture rooms on campus. Three days were all that was left for him to court Izzy or the Beast would be Taylor’s forever. Taylor had already started teasing him about the car, joking that he would carry him also like he had always done in the beast.
During the last day of the bet Taylor had already started driving the Beast, they drove to their lectures. Sam sat in the passenger sit and was peeping in the sight that was adjacent the tar mark, trying to absorb his disgrace.
‘Stop the car!,  Stop the car! ’Prince screamed while banging on the outside of car door
Taylor stopped the car in a hurry 
‘What is it man? ‘Taylor protested
‘It’s Izzy’, Sam announced pointing his finger towards the main gate of the university
‘You know that today it’s your last day’, Taylor did not finish talking; Sam had already jumped out the cars window without bothering to open the door. 
He ran towards Izzy and took her by the hand and took her aside he didn’t have anything to start the conversation and stood still for a second. 
Without even talking he kissed her mouth and their tongues found each other in perfect melody. Izzy did not resist because she didn’t want to make a scene as the other students were now watching. All she could do was steer at Sam in disbelief after the kiss.
‘See you later at lunch!,  Izzy’
Prince waved bye and started walking to his car trying not to blow out the excitement that Izzy had not made a scene of the kiss and she had not screamed or got upset.
‘Hey man move away from my seat’. while opening the driver’s door, Sam pushed Taylor to the passenger side and started laughing.
‘I can’t wait to try my new Nike boots’, while looking down at his feet,
Sam made a meal out of his victory. Taylor just looked astonished and could not believe what had transpired ten minutes ago. His face showed a sign of disbelieve and sorrow at once. The whole day for Sam was a victory lap, he rubbed it down his colleagues at every chance he got, at break time and even in between lectures calling himself the ‘Beast of romance’.
The siren sound was head as the last Lecturer before lunch time was packing his projectile. The lights had been switched off and the curtains closed throughout the presentation. A slim figure was casting a shadow throughout the whole period and Sam was curious to find out what was it’s the lights went on, Izzy sexy body was revealed to the class and the boys started whistling, Sam came to her rescue when she froze and could not even move due to the shock of the class catching her off guide. He took her by the side of the exit 
‘Hie Izzy! Hugging her tightly,
All Izzy did was node and leaned at his chest, she felt the comfort and for a second lost her bearings and relaxed herself. Sam was shocked at the gesture and as he was about to remove her from his chest, she nudged him away
‘Is everything ok, Izzy? Sam asked while showing an assassin smile on his face 
‘No it’s ok’, I want you to stop whatever game you are playing, and I don’t like it.
The whole class had dismissed and the room was now empty so Sam asked Izzy if they could sit down. She agreed and they moved inside the room
Taylor realised that Sam was occupied and just nodded his head as he passed by the door.
‘Sam I don’t want you to take me wrong you’re a fine person but me I’m not ready to date anyone at the moment’, Izzy explained to Sam trying not to hurt his feelings 
Sam stood up and took hold of her arms, Izzy thought she had told Sam what he didn’t want to hear and quickly said
‘Please Sam hear me out’, removing his hold on her arms.
‘Stop Izzy! ’Prince replied walking towards the exit door, for a moment Izzy thought he had hurt Sam’s feeling and was almost on the verge of crying when Sam peeped out of the door and took a look to the right and left and started walking back.
‘What is it Sam?’
‘Hope I didn’t hurt your feelings’, Izzy was now afraid and not sure what Sam was about to do as his response to her was not what she had expected. When he was a foot away Izzy closed her eyes and covered her face using her arms and cried. 
‘Please don’t hurt me Sam!’ 
‘Izzy open your eyes’, Sam was now sitting on an opposite chair holding her arms and was looking straight at her.
‘Whoo! At least can you be my friend Izzy’ she was shocked 
‘Why Sam?’ she was now interested in what he was about to say
Sam explained everything to Izzy about the bet the Beast and although she got pissed off about why he had made such a bet. She agreed to pretend that they were dating and in return Izzy was promised a ride every day in the Beast by Sam. 
The fake relationship went on smoothly with Sam taking Izzy and her friend every day from her house to campus and back. They did not kiss in the public trying by all means to keep track of reality, avoiding falling for each other. Izzy started visiting Sam to his dormitory room staying for long periods with the door closed. All the time Taylor thought the two would be having sex but they would be reading and playing games. They became the perfect friends. This made Taylor distance a bit. She was even invited to the gang famous Friday night out with her friends and Izzy started enjoying Sam’s company more and started opening up.
One day Izzy and Sam were sleeping on Sam’s bed and she started crying.
‘Izzy what’s the matter’, Prince asked changing his position so that he could sit properly.
‘My mother is sick and I have to go back home and attend to her’, she said sobbing
‘But is there no one to take care of her’ Sam replied
She increased crying, 
‘My mother is all I have she is retired. My father ran away with another woman before I was born’.Izzy spoke while she stood up from the bed walked towards the opposite wall.
Sam followed and comforted her, it was a touching moment and he was also moved he couldn’t hold it together also.
‘Izzy, I also have a secrete I want to tell u’, clearing tears from Izzy’s face as he turned her to face him.
‘Not all things are fine for me also, I am an orphan and I was adopted when I was six months old. A man left me at a catholic church; I don’t even know what my parents looked like’. They both got hold of each other crying, trying to comfort each other.
‘The only thing I cling unto is a teddy that was written Sam P Junior’. When he was lonely he would smell it and remember how his mother smelled like. Although he was young the smell of honey comb was what his mother always smelled like.
Izzy was now attentive she could relate Prince’s story to hers. She finally had a person she felt a connection to. People were now calling them the best couple and friends, they looked so much alike with their light skin and doff nose.
Everyone was up before 6 am. Sam had already finished preparing and was waiting for Izzy to call. He was accompanying Izzy to see her mother at their place in Kliptown a place that was not far away from the university
‘Baby! Are you done?’ Sam spoke into the big Huawei P8 phone that had been bought by Izzy as a birthday present for Sam using her school grant money.
‘Yes Sam! you can pick me up now’, 
They drove while playing a Black Coffee house track from compass to Izzy’s mother’s house and hardly spoke to each other. Izzy was already worried and her mind was with her mother. As they were travelling a white Toyota Avanza was following them keeping pace and its distance. Sam picked it and lost the tail before they reached the home using the long route. Izzy did not even notice it and Prince did not alert her because he didn’t want to worry Izzy.
Izzy’s house was nice modern building. It had a great land scalping in the garden and he estimated it to be three hundred square meters. Prince could tell that the owner was an up standard woman. 
They entered the house and the old lady was lying on a couch, she looked younger than her age and was so fluent in English. 
‘Halo Mama this is Sam Dube, my friend from school’, while trying to sit next to her head suspended on a pillow. Sam was shocked at how the old lady had kept her physic well despite her age. Her body was so well and she looked like a sister to Izzy.
‘How are you Sam?’ she greeted him back. she stopped for a moment. 
‘Do I know you from somewhere?’ she stared closely at Sam. Izzy realised that he was becoming a bit uncomfortable and she cleared her throat making a loud sound.
‘I doubt maybe he once came in for a check-up at the hospital’, taking Sam by the hand Izzy crushed her mother’s question and set opposite to her.
The three stayed for hours talking, enjoying each other’s company and getting to know each other. After ten minutes Izzy asked her mother if it was okay to take Sam to her room and she agreed.
The room was decorated with world maps and photos at each side.
‘I once had a sister Sam whose name was Lizzy she looked much like me’, she handed Sam the photo while he sat on her bed. The picture was of three people who posed like a football team on a photo shot.
‘You sister was so much beautiful’, Sam spoke looking closely at the picture concentrating much on the Izzy’s sister.
‘All what a coincidence your sister has a similar bracelet like the one they found with me’,
The orphanage had given Sam the bracelet when he had come asking questions about how he was found and adopted. He supposed it was her mother’s as it had the smell of honey comb all over it and the letters P.E. He never understood the letters and always wore it.
‘Yes Sam it is similar to hers’, she took his hand and removed the bracelet from his hand. 
‘Maybe the bracelet stands for Peter and Emily’; he laughed at what she had just said.
‘That can’t be the name of my parents it sounds too fuggy’, returning the bracelet to his hand. Sam and Izzy had a great time with Izzy’s mother but she kept on trying to know about Sam more. Something was not ok about how Sam looked 
Sam said his good byes to both, he could not stay for too long he had a golf practise with his adoptive father and the time was almost up.
‘I will see u tomorrow on campus’; he gave Izzy a hug who was standing next to the car and entered the beast, Izzy’s mother was still sleeping by the cough. He drove off tearing the road with both the muscle and sound system of the car. When he was about to turn onto the N1, he came eye to eye with the Toyota Avanza driver that had earlier trailed them from campus. The driver was in his fifties and had a weird face that made Sam feel a chill rise up his spine. He slowed down for a second waiting for the robots and quickly put the weight of his leg on the acceleration paddle making the engine rattle in agreement. Soon he was clear of the car and took circles while peeping regularly to see if the car was trailing him. To his surprise the car did not trail him. When he reached campus he called Izzy to make sure he was okay. He went straight out having taken a quick shower, to see his parents at the golf course. During the practise he wondered about the bracelets and thought he could get a clue from the two letters.
Izzy’s mother did not sleep well that day, she was curious about something but that thing was not within her grasp.
Chapter 8
‘The Battle line’

Izzy’s mother woke up early she now knew what was puzzling her and it made her sleepless. She picked up the receiver and spoke straight into it, when the sound of connection had started 
‘We need to talk ‘she spoke
‘Okay! I will come over’, a base voice of a sleepy male was heard at the other end of the phone call and then the line went quiet. 
Izzy woke up to a surprise; her mother was now rejuvenated. It was unbelievable it was as if she never fell ill for the past weeks. She was in the kitchen making breakfast and a black man was seated on a sofa in the dining area with a grim face that made Izzy afraid.
‘Hello! Izzy am you uncle Makho, the grim man spoke with a clear base voice
Izzy stood astonished she had never heard or seen him yet he spoke as if they were acquainted for a long time. Realising that her daughter had no ambition to greet him Izzy’s mother tried lightening the mood
‘Hanti! you know Uncle John, he follows him, and he was in the diaspora for a long time’
Izzy did not even reply but just walked out
‘So much for being ill, am going out back to school’ a banging sound echoed inside the house as the door was banged back into the door frame by Izzy as she walked out. 
‘Izzy! Izzy! Come back’, her mother screamed but it was already too late. Her daughter did not want to listen to the lies her mother were going to say. She thought her mother was dating him behind her back and she did not like him.
‘We have a problem Makho’ Izzy’s mother spoke with anger.
‘Didn’t I pay you enough money to make that boy disappear?’ She asked the grim man 
‘I have been keeping an eye on him; I didn’t know that the girl that he was seeing is your granddaughter’ 
‘Shut up! you have to eliminate him Makho’
‘No! That would make it suspicious, we should just separate them, we have done much damage already’, Makho replied bowing his head down
Izzy’s grandmother then mother agreed not to kill Sam.
Sam came back from his usual soccer practise with his friends at 4:30pm, he had gone for two hours. His room was on the third floor of the boys flat and was located central to all the other flats that were in the residential area. He was three meters from the gate when he saw a white Avanza by the gate parking area. He did not recognise it but thought it was just one of the fathers to the vast number of students that were found at the university
As he was on the second floor he side swapped a man in a black leather jacket. His face was hidden in a based ball cap and he walked looking down.
‘Watch were you are going man! ‘Sam spoke to the man as their bodies collided
The black man only nodded and kept his head down. Sam was intrigued by him and watched him as he went straight into the white Avanza and started the engine with heist.
‘Stop that car!’ Sam tried to stop the car. The thought of the similar Toyota Avanza that had followed him hit his mind and he suddenly realised that he had seen his enemy face to face
Jumping down the stairs he tried chasing the car but he was already late. The car had already disappeared out the school gates.
Sam alerted the campus security that checked his room and later called him to identify if anything had been stolen. To his surprise everything was there not even a strand of wool was missing. 
‘So what was the purpose of breaking into the room if he didn’t take anything?’ Sam asked Izzy as they sat in Sam’s room. She had arrived twenty minutes after the incident when Sam had called her.
‘I don’t know Sam maybe you caught him off-guard’, she replied trying to cool his nerves
She knew how restless Sam became when he had not resolved an issue in his life.
Sam was supposed to meet Izzy by her house. She was in town and they had to visit Izzy’s mother. He arrived early with fruits and goodies trying to make a good impression to the Izzy’s mother of a caring future boyfriend. When he reached the place a white Avanza was packed outside her residence. The car’s view made him afraid. Taking his baseball bat from the trunk and holding it firmly with two hands like a person preparing to take a stroke, he saddled towards the door ready to attack any imposter that was inside the house.
The door was not locked but was just closed and the intruder was still inside. Sam could hear voices talking inside. Opening the door slowly he called Izzy’s mother’s name like a police officer. He had seen how a police officer had entered an active seen in a television series.
‘Mama are you okay’ he called Izzy’s mother while opening the door,  a door banging sound was heard at the other end of the house and he saw a black man’s back flee from the house using the back door.
‘Mama! are you okay’, Sam asked Izzy’s mother who was now standing next to him. She didn’t even seem scared and acted as if nothing had happened. All she did was stand still she was hiding something by her back on the kitchen counter. Sam realised that and advanced towards her. Before he could see what she was hiding she started running towards her bed room like a sixteen year old virgin. She dropped a teddy bear without realizing it before reaching her bedroom door and slammed the door behind.
The old lady had ran like a scared animal and Sam was left alone in that room a baseball bat in his arm and no one to explain what had transpired seconds ago
‘Was the old lady sleeping with the black man?’
‘Did I catch them making out?’ these questions made his nerves tickle with excitement. He wanted closure and started looking at thing in the room. If it was an affair the room should be wrecked due to them making out 
He laughed at the thought of the two making out in that cough. Realising that ten minutes had passed standing alone, Sam thought of cancelling the visit. He didn’t want awkward moments with Izzy’s mother. As he was about to knock on her bedroom door to say his goodbyes, Sam froze he could not believe what lay at the woman’s door. It was his teddy bear. He bent down to pick it up and the front entrance door opened and Izzy walked.
‘Sam what are you doing at mama bedroom door?’ she hissed as her temper shot. 
‘I was helping your mother go to sleep she is not feeling well today’, he savaged the situation, quickly turning and hiding the teddy. Sam walked and hugged her kissing her on the fore head. 
It didn’t take time for him to put the two puzzles together the incident of the black man at his dormitory and the black man that he had seen running out using the back door. Sam was shocked when he discovered that the teddy bear Izzy’s mother had dropped was his. It was something he wanted not to be true but it was his with the colour and initial. Part of his heart wanted to confront her to ask why she had hired a black man later alone taken his teddy bear. Curious Sam told himself that he was not going to confront her or speak to Izzy about the issue but was going to find out what was going on before he told her.
Izzy was now staying at her house trying to take care of her mother more, this meant Sam was now required to visit her more frequent. After the incident Sam stopped going to Izzy’s house and this made her unsettled. She was now in love with Sam but had not gained the courage to tell him. She was waiting on Sam to also fall in love with her and later propose.
‘Baby!,  why is it you don’t want to come and pick me up any more?’ Izzy asked Sam blinking her sexy eyes as they seat at the grounds one weekend.
‘Izzy I’m running on a low budget, I don’t have fuel money’, rubbing his noise against hers.
Izzy laughed, ‘You Mr Dube, no fuel!’
‘Serious baby what is it?’ looking him straight in the eyes.
‘Am serious baby my parents froze my monthly money allocation, they want me to learn to be independent so I have to plan and work my ass out for other things Izzy’
All she could do was node. Sam had threaded through a needle and had found a way out of Izzy’s questions.
One evening Izzy was making supper with her mother as she always did. She was cutting the vegetables on the kitchen counter, her mind was drifting she missed Sam now. Realising that something was on Izzy’s mind her mother moved close.
‘Izzy!,  What is bothering you my daughter?’
‘Mama let’s say hypothetically, I have found someone I like, is it okay for me to tell him or it’s his duty to propose?’ Her mother laughed
‘So this is what is eating you up only?’
‘Yes mama! ’Izzy replied nodding her head. It was like a child who has been promised ice cream, she was curious to hear her response.
‘Okay hypothetically speaking, he has to do it himself so that he cherishes you’. Her mother already knew that the conversation was about Sam and did not want the two to become lovers.
She knew that the consequences of them becoming lovers were massive. But how could she open up to her granddaughter about a vendetta of twenty years and counting? How was she going to react to it? All these questions played in her mind at that very moment. She decided it was not time yet for her to tell Izzy. The room went quite for a bit both parties trying to digest the conversation and analyse their responses. Her mother broke the silence she was now etching to know if what she was thinking was correct
‘Is the boy Sam?’
Izzy did not have the strength to pretend a bit to her mother. She turned into butter cream when Sam’s name was mentioned and only nodded.
‘No! Izzy! You can’t date him’ her mother spoke with authority 
‘Why mother? I love him’, Izzy protested her love. She was shocked at her mother sudden mood sling.
‘He is a spoiled brat, he will make a bad father that’s period’, throwing down the dish towel that she was holding.
‘You don’t even know him’ 
‘Why are you being like this mother? ’Izzy ran off crying to her room and locked herself up
‘Sh*t! this girl’ Izzy’s mother throw the spoon that she was holding in the other hand.  Her hands started shaking with anger. She was taken nineteen years back to a conversation that had occurred between her and her daughter, Lizzy. Izzy’s mother that was about Prince, Izzy’s and Sam’s father. The conversation had ended the same as what had occurred right now
Chapter 9
‘The Plot’

‘Makho everything ends today I want that boy gone’, Izzy’s mother told Makho on the cell phone.
She had heard enough of the cat and mouse games for the past twenty years and wanted her life goal to be achieved now. It was today or never, she was prepared to die for her cause.
Makho had informed her of the developments Sam was about to make in research about the teddy bear. He had planted a listening bug in Sam’s room and had overheard him talking on his phone to someone about an antic shop in the Free State
Sam woke up early in the morning. He had been told that the teddy bears especially of his type was manufactured and sold only in Free State town in an antic dealers shop. This was the only hope he had of finding about his parents that day he took it to himself not to tell anyone even Izzy and Taylor. He wanted to find out on his own first what was in store there. 
The beast rattled its way on the N1 tarred freeway, his mind was already in the small town. Sam wanted so much to find out about his parents but was scared of what he was going to find in Freestate town 
‘Are my parents still alive?’ 
‘Are they dead?’, all those questions spinned in his mind. He did not even see the cars that passed by, he was alone on the freeway in his mind and drove like a beast making blind turns and overtaking cars on the steep hill ascends.
Freestate town was a bit different to what he pictured it in his mind, although the town was developed it was not as busy as he had imagined. He drove into a drive way parking and parked the beast, he wanted to use his foot going about the city. Moving on foot was quick and also it would allow him to interact well with the locals.
The locals had a certain style that resembled that of farm people and most had no taste in clothing.
An old lady was selling water melons by the side of the tarred road on the pavement and Sam bought one. As he was about to pay he took the chance to ask her for direction to the shop.
‘Mama! Where can I find Teddy Antique shop?’ 
‘You mean teddy shop?’ she asked 
She was old and her ears were not that good Sam had to shout for her to hear.
‘Yes madam’, he replied leaning close to where she was seated.
Nodding her head she pointed up the street to a small shop that was by the corner which had flowered trays outside. The flowers were well cultivated and an old lady was irrigating them. She looked old her back was bent and she walked using a walking stick 
Sam rang the doorbell and stepped inside the small shop, making the old lady raise up her head by the small counter. The inside of the shop was filled with teddy bears of different kinds stocked up on wooden shelves. It was a history of teddy bears extending through generations, every shelf had a year attached to it. It was a marvel to watch. 
‘Hello! Young man can I help you?’ the old lady spoke.
He went and stood over the old lady he had been stooled by the shop.
‘Okay! Mama I want to know about this teddy bear.
‘Let me see it’, Sam handed the old lady the teddy and she took her reading glasses 
‘All I remember these one it was made in the year 1994 by my husband, it was a success couples from all over south Africa bought one for their new born child. Sam felt hope gather around his world, as the old lady spoke holding the teddy as if she was talking about a success treasure hunt, finally he could see his parents.
‘Let me see’, she took the attached wool bar code and scanned it with a machine, looking closely on the monitor. She scanned the bar code again and the teddy bear did not come up in the archives.
‘Young man this teddy record is in my back yard. Soon after the year 1994 we installed this system that’s why it’s not coming’
‘It will take me a day to locate it can you come tomorrow’, she insisted
‘Let me go through them I won’t take much of your time’. Sam replied her.
She stopped for a moment and asked why he was so anxious to find out about the customer. Sam narrated his story to the old lady who did not cry but just gave a sorrow look at him.
‘Let me call my daughter she will help you go through the files’,
‘Ana! Ana! Come’, she called her daughter
‘Yes Grand ma!’
The daughter was so beautiful, her sight made Sam water his mouth with admiration. 
‘Hie! I am Sam’, extending his hand to greet her
‘I am Ana’, she replied and asked him to follow. They entered the back store room. It was so dusty that Sam and Ana coughed and had to wear haze masks. Sam marvelled at the matriculation in the store room everything was in order they had to go through over ten thousand files of the year 1994. 
After two hours of searching Ana found the file and the customer that it was sold to. The site of the file made Sam afraid. 
‘Do you want to open it Sam?’ Ana tried to hand the file over to him. The moment had arrived for him to get to know his true roots. It was what he had not imagined at all but it was real.
Sam took the file and opened it. The customer name was Mr Prince Zulu. Sam remember the Sam P Junior that was written on the teddy and knew surely that his real name was Sam Zulu and his father’s name was Prince Zulu. He cried like a baby with both joy and passion, he could not hold his tears 
‘I am a Zulu!’ he said hugging Ana so affectionately.
Ana embraced him and encouraged him to let all out at that moment. The two for three minutes embraced each other. 
‘Sam! Do you want to go out for lunch? I am starving’ Ana asked 
‘I did like that’, Sam accepted the offer he wanted time to absorb what he had found. 
Ana took Sam to a popular Chisa Nyama in the area. It was full of couples eating meat on braai stands.
‘Sam your parents lived here’, wouldn’t you want to see them’, Ana spoke while she played around with a tee bone meat in her hands
‘I think am going to take you up on that offer do you know there address?’ Ana had pulled the address from the file. She handed Sam the address and smiled.
Sam went back to get the beast while Ana had gone to the bathroom.
They drove past several nice houses and entered a dusty road that lead to some houses that showed age. As they were about to turn Ana said
‘Stop!’ Holding the dashboard as the beast’s breaks where applied. 
He stopped in the middle of the road and she pointed to a house that had no curtains, the house yard was not cleared. The house looked haunted no one lived there. Banana trees were now filling the whole back yard and it was hard to use the back entrance to the house
The small gate had shrubs growing all over it. Sam stood out of the beast and opened the small gate. He tried to open the front gate but it was closed. All he could see was open ground when he peeped through the window, all his hopes dried up then.
The next house was well built with a good fence that was well maintained. He moved towards the neighbours fence while still in that yard and called for anyone who was still there
‘Hello!,  Is there any one there?’ he shouted while throwing a stone on top of the house.
A small boy came out of the house running
‘Who do you want?’ the boy asked Sam
‘Do you know what happened to the people that stayed here?’ The boy could not even make a sentence and Sam asked for the boy to call someone older.
After ten minutes a man in his forties came out.
The old man asked who he was and Sam told him that he was Sam Zulu. 
The old man shook his head and started speaking in deep native language; it was like he had seen a ghost. He kneeled to the ground and kissed the ground praising God. After five minutes of mumbling he hugged Sam and asked him to come inside because the story he was going to tell him was a story of a life time it needed them to take tea. The old man introduced himself as his grandfather and explained that he was Lizzy’s brother. He narrated the events of his birth and the death of Lizzy, the way Lizzy’s mother hide Izzy from Prince and her later transfer to Johannesburg. Sam was astonished he could not hold himself down. Prince mother had died after six months from the time he had left the house due to high blood pressure and the sister had been married. Since then the house had no occupants and was haunted. Prince had never returned to the house thereafter. He now knew why Izzy grandmother then mother didn’t want him close to Izzy his step sister because she had a lot to lose. He couldn’t wait to tell Izzy all he knew now.
After having tea Sam said goodbye to the family passionately promising to come back when he had found his parents. He dropped Ana by the shop and took a right into the fast lane on his way back to Johannesburg. He was now in a hurry to go back and face the old lady. The beast engine rattled and Sam took the machine to 140 km/hr. He was ridding the car like a mad man 
A cracking sound of metal hitting his side extensions was heard as the car was flung into the air by a car that had come from virtually nowhere. Sam tried controlling the beast but the car had broken its steering. It landered on its back and started rolling taking seven turns until it came to a standstill on it four tires two hundred meters away out of the road. 
Sam was thrown out to the side when it was one hundred meters away and had landed on his hand and fallen unconscious instantly
Chapter 10
‘The Revelation’

Izzy’s mother had instructed her to clean up her room. She was no longer staying much at home after her recovery and was now back to her usual habit. Izzy was becoming bored of staying the whole day alone. She was now thinking of going back to stay in compass but that day she had not spoken to Sam about it and was thinking of calling him. She was packing her mother’s clothes inside the wall drop when she saw what looked like a black leather briefcase. It was at the bottom base of the walldrop. She had never seen it and was curious to find out what was inside.
She took it out and tried to open it. The combination lock was jammed and showed that it had time without being opened. A hammer did the job for her. Inside the brief case there were birth certificates and papers that looked like deeds to the house and other bank statements. She was about to close the brief case when one paper took her attention. It was her birth certificate and she started reading it. She had a birth certificate but the one that she was holding in her hands was not the one. Something was different about this one. Reading down the document she started comparing it to hers when she was on the mother’s name she stopped and reread what was written, she could not believe her eyes.
Sam lay on the bed of a hospital in Freestate, he had been brought unconscious and his parents were yet to be told. All he had on him was a paper written Prince Zulu. The hospital was in a hurry to contact his father Prince Zulu. His condition was critical and they wanted the parent’s approval so that they could carry on with the operation to repair his head and broken ribs. In total he had a total of ten broken bones and was bleeding internally.
‘Hello! Mr Zulu we are calling from Freestate town state hospital and we have a Sam Zulu who was brought in from a car accident’.
Prince was now old and could not believe what he had heard
‘Can you please repeat what you have said’, the nurse repeated the statement and Prince crouched, started crying and started sobbing
‘If only Ester was here’, he cried knelling on the floor. A retired football player he was working in one of the stores in an Addida sportswear shop. He could not stop crying and slept on the floor. He wanted to tear himself.
Prince had received a ransom demand of ten thousand rand a week after Ester’s disappearance and had paid it but never recovered his wife. Ester was later found dumped a year after used, rapped and head cut off.
‘If only Ester was here to witness such moment our baby is alive’, it was the statement he repeated over and over again.
After twenty minutes he realised that his joy would be short lived if he did not hurry to see Sam in hospital and quickly caught his coat and went out of the door in a hurry. The shop manager could only shout for him to come back but his son was his soul purpose of living and he had to see him even if it meant for a second
Izzy waited for his grandmother to come back, she now knew that her mother was not her mother but her grandmother and her father was Prince Zulu. She could not keep her frustration and had racked the whole house looking at things that she didn’t know. She had picked up her grandmothers dairy in the process and read how Makho had sold Sam’s mother to sex slaves in Johannesburg and had adducted Sam and placed him in a catholic church. The two had abducted Ester and she had been keeping tabs on Sam.
Izzy grandmother entered and saw that the whole house was racked. 
‘Izzy! she cried are you okay?’ as she raced to her bedroom
Izzy lay on the ground with the diary on her lap and papers everywhere; she had a gun in her hand. An empty bottle of Russian bear was next to her. She was drunk to the bone.
‘Izzy! Please! Give me that gun’, her grandmother cried going close to her
‘No! Stop! There or I will shoot’, Izzy protested
‘If you don’t I will shoot you Devil’ she removed the safety pin of the gun and pointed it at her grand mother
‘I’m sorry Izzy but I was trying to protect you’, she had tears dripping from her eyes now and tried to distract Izzy. She had come with Makho and he was trying to get a way to disarm Izzy
‘Grand ma stop lying or should I call you Mama’, she now shock her head and was now dozing slowly losing her aim on her Grandmother. Izzy’s grandmother signalled to Makho who had a gun pointing at Izzy standing by the window outside to shot her by the arm and she realized it. 
‘Bung!!’ the gun emptied its magazine into the metal door frame and ricocheted onto the glass window hitting Makho. Izzy fell down due to the repulse force of the gun. She had not shot a gun before and Makho missed her by a centimetre hitting Izzy’s grandmother on the head. The bullet went through her skull and she fell down head first and died instantly.
Marko only made it a few meters to the gate and died also
Prince arrived at the hospital and saw his son lying on the bed strapped with machines everywhere on his body. It was the first time after the incident that he had laid eyes on Sam but that moment felt complete to him. Although it was a sorrow sight Prince wanted to embarrass his son and do all the things that he had lost through the past years but little could he do as he was not allowed even a meter close to him. Sam lay like a pale flower that had been exposed to much sunlight. Life to him was the heat that had drained the strength out of him and the only thing that was keeping him alive was a machine that had a beeping sound coming from it. He was not allowed to go in but could only see from a distance. The site reminded him of the day he had watched Sam and his mother sleep after she had given birth to him.
As he looked the sound stopped and the room was quickly filled with nurses and doctors. His heart had stopped beating, they were losing him and the sound of his life draining out of him was being announced by the machine which tried to make enough noise to alert everyone in the hospital. A soul was departing from the living and its departure was slowly becoming a truth. Suddenly it stopped beeping and Prince closed his eyes. 
Monallisa Roar of Africa
Inspired by a True Story


Sweet are the uses of adversity,
Which like a toad, ugly and venomous
Wears yet a precious jewel in the head’ 
William Shakespeare, act 2 scene1,
‘When you want to kill an alligator you kill it when it has just finished eating, because right after it eats it feels satisfied and it goes onto a state as of paralyses. It feels a sense of satisfaction and relaxes its guide……’ 
(Dr Eric Thomas, Dicks Sporting Goods I can, I will and I must, 2016)
Chapter 11
‘Through the Eyes of Africa’

Africa is a continent with a beauty that much adore. It is full of untapped minerals and forests but most regard Africa’s beauty in terms of it physical resources yet that is just a dust off it’s true germ. To a normal person a woman who taps into the spiritual world is a witch.  The gospel that was used to enslave the black man’s mentally closed the germ inside the safe and tossed the keys into the ocean. Colonillisation of Africa is said to be over but yet it is still at its peak. Every second that goes by a piece of the puzzle is being lost as one individual passes on to the spiritual world without passing the baton on. Africa’s race is a crippled one with only two athletes running a four by one hundred relay race.
‘What is then Africa’s true heritage?’ that is slowly being lost to the underworld.
It was better if the colonist had come with guns and alcohol than use spiritual affairs in a way to erase the black African mind. The entire former colonist lie in their graves, smiling and laughing every day because they know what they did succeeded. Africa is slowly moving on a crash course. Going back into the 18th century Africa had its true beauty with it. Their ways were much more advanced yet they were not environmentally and human degrading like today’s ways
An African man cured any form of illness without any side effects and even could travel miles in a second without the need of heavy machines and oil that pollutes and degrades the environment.
‘Who said practicing sorcery was bad?’ 
Yet the people of long ago even understood that there was a God and they respected him and followed his laws unconsciously.
If one is to gain all the knowledge in Africa at once all the answers and cures to various aliments could be made. Most have lost track of their life but yet they live day in and day out without even a clue not taking a closer look at what they are losing in their environment. This makes one think Africa is crying every day and no one is there to wipe its tears. ‘What is then Africa to you?’
‘Is there things that we don’t see because we don’t want to believe they exist?’
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible as Frank L. Gaines said.
Chapter 12
Hidden Forces’

The taxi came to a stop and a young fashionable lady came out trying to avoid the mud that was covering most of the ground. Rain had been drizzling for days now and going up and down to work was slowly becoming difficulty. She took one foot out of the taxi door and extended her hands to open up an umbrella that she had bought in town that day. Her foot touched ground with a grasshopper reflex and in an instance she opened the umbrella and ran into the bus stop. The bus stop was full of people standing, swizzing in the small shade trying to avoid the rain.
Not a square inch was left unoccupied in that small shade. She swashed in the front row and waited with all for the rain to either reduce or stop. As she was standing a man nudged on her shoulder and called her name.
‘Tendy!’ a man’s hand tapped gently on her shoulder. 
She turned in delight assuming that the person who was calling her is a friend, since he knew her name. As she turned a man in his teens stood there wearing a white robe with a bold shaved head. He was holding a bamboo stick
‘Hie!’ she replied extending her hand. 
There was something weird about the man he had a bold head and a dark skin that showed that he had little nutritional benefit going into his body. Holding her hand he lifted them once and spoke again this time he had increased his voice to counter the noise of the rain hitting the ground.
‘Glory to you highly favoured daughter of God’, looking high into the sky
‘You shall bear a daughter of grace in your days but be warned of the devil devices; blindness shall be sign of such ’
Those words went right through her right ear and straight out the other ear she stood there shocked at what the white robed man had said. Tendy was not much of a believer and did not believe much in spiritualism. Her life was straight forward if you work hard you succeed and if not you live below the poverty datum line. She had married a successful bank manager and her life was like that of a celebrity.  Little did matters of the future have her worried; she had a firm grip on her future. Her shock was short lived and she did not take heed the warning of that man but little did she know that that event was a millstone in her life. She reached home and forgot to even tell her husband. 
One day Tendy lay exhausted from the entire baby caring. She was glad now her baby was now six years old and was now in kinder garden. Her daughter was growing so beautifully and the she delighted in her
‘Mama’ Monallisa called her mother as she entered the front door she had just arrived from preschool.
‘Mama, there something is in my eyes’ 
‘Mama I can’t see’, Monallisa cried to her mother
Her eyes were sour and she was now trying to swizz the thing out.
She rushed to her baby who was crying and picked her up with one hand while the other tried opening her baby’s eyelids. She tried blowing the thing out with her mouth but it couldn’t come out. The baby’s eyes were now closed and she was crying more severe. 
‘A fly flew into my eyes’, Monallisa insisted.
Tendy grabbed her car keys and rushed Monallisa to the hospital.
The doctors could only sedate her as they could not find any foreign object in her eyes. They were perplexed and amazed because the prognosis showed that she should be okay, but she was blind and could not see even a single shade of colour. The doctors gave Monallisa a bed sedated as they tried to figure out what was wrong with her. After five days of tests and experiments they did not find a cure. The doctors dreaded on the thought of discharging her. 
One of the doctors approached Tendy and advised her to seek other ways to save her daughters sight before the blindness became permanent.
As the doctor finished her last word Tendy remember the conversation with the white robed man on the bus stop that rainy day and suddenly felt a sense of agency. The old man had advised her to come the following day for prayers and had directed her to his house but she had ignored him thinking it was those false prophet that were after her money. 
‘Was she going to make it?’ or ‘was she going to find him?’ That day she became a converted Christian prayed to whomever God who was listening on her way to the prophet’s house. It was now a death or life situation and the prophet had the answer.
She parked her black S class series Benz next to the gate of the prophet’s house and came out trying not to step into the potholes that were next to gate which were filled with water. She still wore her pyjamas and her hair was not done it had been days since she had taken a proper bath and the stress was now catching up on her 
‘Is anybody home?’ knocking on the black metallic gate that was locked 
‘Yes!’ a voice was heard coming from inside the house and a young woman came out 
‘Can I help you?’ she extended her hands to Tendy and smiled.
Tendy did not even know the prophets name but went straight onto the point
‘Is this the house of the prophet?’ Tendy asked with a firm voice.
‘Yes! But am sorry he died three days ago and we are still morning him’
Tendy could not hold her tears, before she could complete speaking she was on the ground kneeling, crying and screaming
‘Why God’ 
She was late and her only source of answer to her baby’s illness was gone with the prophet to the grave. 
Tendy now cried not even minding the mad that was on the gate. She was late and fate had stamped its seal on her daughter’s life.
The sun was coming out beautifully from its mothers belly shinning golden rays to the sky. It was a marvel sight to observe from the window in the three story building that Monallisa lay in. She lay on her side watching and praying her prayers to God. Trust, belief and honestly had reasserted it’s self in her life at a tender stage. Her mother had taught her well to be gracefully of each day that you would be given to live in life. Sorrow was a sound that played in her life nothing was ever better or real. Since from age of six she had witnessed one illness from another. Doctors were now describing her as the hospital’s Monallisa. She had won many battles both physically and spiritually. Doctors could not establish what was wrong with her. From leg pains to stomach pains all were part of her afflictions but the greatest was the mystery she had survived. 
She lay exhausted from all the chemotherapy that had been done on her. Her face had gone pale and a bold head protruded its presents from her body. Her beautiful skin had faded its melanin showing a pale green colour and her eyes were now engraved in their sockets like two pebbles in pound of water. She had fought the battle and had the scares to show it 
Monallisa had found comfort and satisfaction in a place where most dared not to even step into. Most of her years had been defined by such a place. The hospital was her home now and she had become a sight most nurses in the hospital cherished. She was lovable, one could easily like her on first sight with her worn out smile. When a person has lost all in life you reach a point where a breath of life is a great blessing. The world as we see it seizes to exist you develop walls that define your capabilities. Monallisa a name that symbolises a great woman that lived a decade ago had slowly become a name associated with pain.
Defeat becomes a regular thing when you are tired in life. She had fought it all. Many had come and gone who were next to her bed but she had kept the promise that one day she would walk out of that hospital walking tall, having the knowledge that she came, lived and made it.
The doctor came on his usual check-up. He would walk into all the rooms checking them and spending at least ten minutes at each patient bed. With Monallisa he would take an extra five minutes asking her about her dreams the previous night. Monallisa was special to the doctor because every dream she had was like a Parra flex into the future. Most dreams came true in less than twenty four hours and she was now seeing and saying things that made the doctor wonder if it was possible for one person to have a dilapidated life yet a vivid imagination and a special gift. He had grown attached to her and was inspired but her fighting spirit but today what he was carrying in his arms would define the next weeks in Monallisa life and he was dreaded to tell her 
Chapter 13
‘The Incident’

‘Witch’
‘Witch’ 
The whole neighbourhood had gone mad and were grabbing sticks, stones and bushes so that they could beat the perpetrator of such a heinous crime.
A woman ran away from the mob of people who were out to get blood into a small fence that was adjacent the streets. The crowd wanted a piece of her flesh but she had managed to deceive all the people that were now loitering on the sidewalks of the dusty road. People were chanting war songs as they led their prey to the slaughter.
The lady had committed a wicked offence in the eyes of the woman that were looking on the small children that were playing about on the dusty road. The art of sorcery is so complex but the ways to access it are simple and not hidden.	
She had taken the young girl’s foot print and put it in an empty bread plastic bag. In sorcery world the foot print represents the access of one into a person’s soul and the onlookers knew what she was up to. The definition of life lay in that small amount of sand that the lady had taken and for the girl her life was now in the balance.
The road was almost filled every square inch by a human soul that was eager to get Mrs Khumbulani. Mrs Khumbulani was a wealthy respected woman in the Mainland town he was one of the people that called the shots in that one hundred thousand population city and had never been seen on the opposite side of the law. As life is people with money always get there way with things but this issue was beyond any ones reproach. She had seen the little girl and was certain that she possessed both the right age and the right body size for the ritual that she wanted to perform. Little did she know that the girl had the heavens smiling at her and angles looking out for her.
Desperation had caused Mrs Khumbulani to steal that foot print. Her husband had gone ill ten years back and he needed blood sacrifices from young children to exist. The ritual allowed him to live the years that the little ones would have lived on top of his. They had managed the first seven years to get a young baby life by using the local hospital. She had arrangements with one of the hospital nurse who was responsible for woman labour. The nurse would steal newly born babies for her and after she would perform her rituals using Mr Mkabayi a well-known king’s traditional healer. The well had gone dry the past year when the nurse had been caught trying to steal a newly born baby.
Mr Khumbulani health had deteriorated drastically ever since and his fortunes were dropping instantly. First it was his supermarket which went up mysteriously in flames without any sign of a flame. People started talking but the story was covered up by the police calming that it was an electric fault on the cables that had caused the gas cylinders to blow up in the store 
‘We have her here come every one’ 
The cry of a young man that had caught Mrs Khumbulani hiding in one of the flower gardens echoed in the streets. He was determined to expose her although she begged him not to. The sun was almost setting and the dark was now slowly creping its way onto to the rays of sun that were also disappearing with it.
‘Come let’s kill this witch!’
Was the song that the crowd was now chanting with three men leading the way holding her and constantly weeping her with electrical cable ropes. The crowd was being driven by a spirit that seemed to be like the spirit of a thousand souls that were ragging to escape from hell. Her ritual killing had caught up with her and the next minutes were going to be her last
The crowd took a left turn when they were just about the close of the street now they were going towards their traditional slaughter ground, the tower light. The tower light was on a high ground and had a broken down worn out security fence which was ten feet high. Grass covered most of the ground near it and a patch with burnt out grass shown. The patch was from the previous thieves that had been caught and burnt to death. A lot of people had met there end on that tower light. To the public it was there holy shine were thieves, murderous, adulterous had meet the unjustified mood justice and now they were going to do the same to her. Mrs Khumbulani could only cry and shout 
‘Please forgive me people’
Blood dripped from hear face like water coming out of a water fountain. She had sustained heavy injuries from the beating that had led up to the tower light on the path. The sight of her face made one hesitate to look twice
The people tied her to the poll of the tower light and was now ready to kill her. Some were already holding stones ready to throw and the size of the crowd had grown in size remarkably. As the mood was busy contemplating waiting for one of them to through the first blow a young man threw a big stone and struck her by the belly in an instance all hell let loose a big sum of stones were thrown all at once towards Mrs Khumbulani. The wave would send her packing into the heavens all at once and only three feet stood between her and the wave. As the wave was about to touch her body she disappeared and only her cloths was seen lying on the floor still tied to the rope.
A woman cry was heard 
‘Ghost’
Every person ran in the direction that they were facing. The disappearance of the woman had caused commotion and every one ran to safety. The Mob thought they had seen a ghost and dreaded for their safety.
‘What had caused her to disappear? ‘That question tortured all the people that had witnessed it and all did not want to find out as they feared the ghost.
Chapter 14
‘The Court Case’

The case that had been bought to the King’s attention was a rare one which puzzled him.
‘How was he going to handle it?’
He kept asking himself as the time for the procession to begin was at hand. The king was known for his fairness but on this one he had to be careful as Mrs Khumbulani was a close relative and the parents of the child Monallisa were highly influential and hand the societal backing
Tendy prepared her daughter as she had done the past twenty four months since the incident Monallisa had not been well it was one illness after the other. She had sought every kind of help to no positive result. From hospitals to priests and all were left wanting. The last pastor who had come had sustained head injuries as he tried exorcizing a spirit that he said had taken residence in Monallisa body. A spirit had come out of her and threatened to kill her if they continued on that path
One afternoon Monallisa had started to complain about her leg as she usually did almost on a daily base and was now lying on the house floor rolling in agony and crying. Tendy ran to her as she had taken a leave from work to attend to her daughter and tried to comfort her baby but she was of no help. She even tried pouring coarse salt at her leg but that did little but to worsen the situation. Tendy started crying also and sat holding her daughter in her arms. She was now crying, praying to whoever was up in the heavens.
‘God help me’ 
Weeping more while holding Monallisa as she lay on her legs.
‘I know I have been quite not taking to you my lord’
‘Please! Forgive me’, Tendy prayed with all her heart.
As she was busy praying Monallisa started laughing in a voice that was of a man. Tendy was shocked and threw her onto the flow.
‘Do you think you are clever than us? You peace of shit’
Tendy could not believe what she was seeing and later hearing. A male voice was coming out of her daughter who now stood up. Her face was so frown and anger showed from it.
Quickly Tendy took the salt and splashed it on her daughter while commanding the spirit to leave. She had seen it in one of the gospel channels and knew that the salt would work. The spirit started laughing more and narrated the reason why her daughter was sick
It even boosted that it was because of the leg print that had been stolen that caused it. After twenty minutes of exorcism the spirit finally left and the hole house was full of water and salt everywhere. The neighbours had joined in the fight and it had changed into a prayer session instantly. Tendy was now desperate and wanted to find help quickly the situation had caused her and her husband to look for whatever solution that came there way.  They were advised by a traditional doctor Mr Mkabayi that was treating Monallisa to report the case to the chief since Mrs Khumbulani name had come out from the spirit. Only the chief dealt with such matters that concerned the spiritual realm. 
Little did they know that the traditional healer was part of the cult that Mr Khumbulani, the chief and a group of the town leaders were in. It was a case of David and Goliath. David was Monallisa and Goliath was the Cult.
The court started with people rising for the king as he took his throne. He wore a lion skin hat and on his chest he had a leopard skinned material. A skirt like short with stalls of grass was his pants. In his right arm he carried a bronze spear about two meters long and in his left was a shield made in the traditional Zulu way with cattle skin making most of it. Sticks made the central holding position
‘Shall we begin? ‘The King spoke sticking his spear on the ground beside his seat.
Man sat on wooden stools on the right side of the king and the woman sat on the bamboo mats that had been spread on the ground.
Tendy stood up and greeted every person in the room and stated her case 
‘My king on the 30th of May Mrs Khumbulani stole my daughter foot print’, presenting Monallisa to the court
‘She was caught by the people but on the day she disappeared in front of everyone who wanted to beat her up’
‘Ever since I have not found any peace, she has been sick both physically and spiritually, 
‘She bewitched my child,’ pointing in the direction of a woman whose face was not visible as she looked down trying to avoid the embarrassment she was now facing
‘She is a witch!’ 
The words were met with booze and whispers as Mrs Khumbulani cried
‘Liar!’
‘Liar!’ trying to defend her self 
Tendy husband was frustrated and so were the neighbours who had witnessed the incident who had come to the trial they almost run over to Mrs Khumbulani. They all stood advancing towards her way. She could only run towards the back of the King’s guards
‘Order in my court or else I will charge you’
The king screamed for a while and finally the people went back to their seats. The king ordered Mrs Khumbulani to rise up and state her case.
As she stood up all she could do was lie to the court that she was not the woman in question and she did not know about it
The king saw that the case was so gross and if he wanted to control it he had to trial it without any observers as they were constantly raising the mood of the king’s kraal environment with their shouts. He ordered the court to keep quiet and was ready to pronounced his judgement
He ordered his most trusted traditional healer to make a concoction for Mrs Khumbulani to drink. If she was a witch the truth serum would cause her to die instantly and if not Tendy would be fined for deformation of character. The king had played a simple pool game knowing that he hold all the asses in his back pocket. They had managed to keep this one in the house and Tendy realised that she had been tricked. Tears were now dropping from her chicks 
In a flash a gaze of light hit the king’s kraal and Monallisa stood up and started speaking. It was a miracle to all cause the words of wisdom that were coming out of the young child were profound and of deeper meaning such that the king was left with no words in his mouth
Monallisa narrated the king’s chronological background from his grandfather’s names and came to a still at the king’s name and kept quiet. At an instant the king bowed down and asked for everyone to go out of the room. Tendy was shocked at what had just happened
‘What had caused the king to bow to a young child and show tremendous fear?’
After an hour all the people were called and the chief pointed to Mrs Khumbulani and asked her to stand up
‘You are going to pay twenty cattle’s to Monallisa parents and I want you to bath this child with you urine and cleanse her of all the things that you have placed on her that’s my judgement’
Chapter 15
‘The Slaughter’

Like a move played on a chess board the case had been played off on a fools mate style and the king and Mrs Khumbulani had imaged the victors but little did they know that the game was far from over and they had just let all of what they had up the sleeves out.
The years passed and Monallisa did not recover from the cleansing ceremony. As the years went by she grew worse like a rose withering away in a beautiful garden 
The doctor came holding what looked like a chat and sat next to Tendy on the bed that Monallisa sat
‘Tendy, Am afraid I have bad news today’
‘You daughter is suffering from many illness, we have been able to isolate blood cancerous cells in her body and she is diabetic am afraid it looks bad’
Tendy started to cry she could not believe what the doctor said. Monallisa work up and hugged her mother they all started to cry. Little could they do cause even tears had dried up from their eye pounds from all the crying in the past years.
‘Don’t worry my daughter it’s going to be okay’ Tendy tried reassuring her daughter
The doctor almost joined in the crying but stood still trying not to embarrass himself
‘Miss Can I see you outside’, the doctor spoke as he led Tendy outside the room 
After three minutes of waiting and comforting Tendy he finally spoke
‘Monallisa has only got a month at most to live, am sorry’
The words dug a hole in Tendy heart. She cried to sleep that night in the hospital room. Monallisa could not understand why her mom was acting that way all she kept on saying was 
‘Don’t worry mom we will fight it’
‘We will beat this cancer’
Little did the young beautiful girl know that time was not on her side. Fate had made a seal on her life and had given an expiry date.
News of the cancer came as a blow to Monallisa dad he almost collapsed with stoke at his office at the local bank. He had started his own bank in the years leading to the day. All he dreaded was no amount of money was going to save his daughter even if he had it. The deed had been done
The days raced off a week turned into a day and a day into a second. Soon Monallisa was plugged on an Intensive care machine because her breathing had stopped three weeks into the month. She was slowly turning into a vegetable. Life was now departing from her and it was such a heart breaking site to watch
Tendy was always by her side singing to her reading novels aloud, she was slowly losing her mind also and the doctors were afraid to remove her from Monallisa’s bed
Two months had passed now and what was left of Monallisa was just the brain. All her other organs had given in weeks before and now the call had to be made for the machine to be turned off.
Tendy lay by her bed side dreaming her sorrow away when a group of nurses came in with her husband
One of the doctors spoke to Tendy extending his had
‘I’m sorry its time for us to turn off the machine your daughter is dead’, moving towards the bed
She started fighting and the group grabbed her while the doctor removed the mask and spoke while glancing at his watch
‘Time of death, eleven fifteen’
As he was about to turn the machine off, Monallisa woke up and screamed 
‘Mother’ 
Tendy could feel a woman’s hand shaking her shoulder and a voice screaming
‘Madam Wake up it’s a miracle you daughter moved she is alive’.
Tendy could see Monallisa still strapped to the mask but her eyes were now opened and only her finger was moving.
Tendy had been dreaming and the vision in her sleep was her miracle.
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence (unknown).
