Spark of Light (Witch Apocalypse, Prequel 1) by Rivka Zohar
Copyright© 2021 by Rivka Zohar
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This e-book has been provided to you by the author and publisher for your individual use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any manner. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please inform the publisher.
Spark of light 
(Witch Apocalypse, Prequel 1)
Rivka Zohar
Copyright © 2021 by Rivka Zohar
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to real people or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, things, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, or things, living or dead, is entirely.
***
Spark of light
(Witch Apocalypse, Prequel 1)
Rivka Zohar
*
To Eitan
*
Chapter 1
From Jadis Bellemet’s Perspective
It is a dark and foggy night in Blue Heights. The stars glimmer through the clouds like a hundred golden cat eyes blinking and watching the woods ominously down below. The cool scent of pine wades in the still air where Jadis Bellemet, a young man with a chiseled face, shaggy black hair, and grey blue hooded eyes takes a swig of Vodka from a nearly empty glass bottle. He wipes the residue white makeup off his features and the black lipstick off his lips with the back of his hand.
Looking suspiciously to the side, he shifts his cell phone in his hand and sends a number. The ring is magnified in his ears. His head pounds as an eager male voice answers the phone.
“Max here.”
“Tie his wrists,” he says into the mouth piece. “And drop off Ambrosia’s files with Adams.”
“Yes, sir.”
Jadis looks up through a break in the leaves at the black glimmering sky and tilts his gaze to the full moon pausing before he hangs up.
Behind and in the distance, he hears a faint sound. With a slight hesitation, he bends his ear. It could be footsteps lightly crushing the leaves upon the forest floor deeper within the woods. An animal perhaps? These woods are known for bears and mountain lions. His body tenses in paranoia that instead it could be an enemy he does not want to encounter. Maybe he was followed here.
Temptations run wild through his tall, muscular, lithe body. He considers his next move. At once, he gulps down more of the clear liquid relishing the burn in his throat. The moon overhead casts light on his pale neck as his head tilts back for more. With a sudden deranged thought, he throws his cranium forward, his eyes wide, and looks out across the dark street and at the door of the burlesque bar before straightening his silver tie.
I should not have come, he murmurs to himself. It is a mistake. He runs his long fingers through his hair as his nostrils flare. But I have to see her, he says with determination.
His eyes deaden like clear still ponds of ice blue water in the hollows of his pale face. And now, without reluctance, he chucks the bottle against an oak tree, shattering the glass and scaring away the sleeping birds nestled within the overhead branches and leaves. The crashes of flapping wings disturb the night and place pause on the movement from behind.
Jadis grabs up a long shard of glass from the spongy ground. Without notice, a thin stream of blood slides down his hand and he slips the glass blade in the inner pocket of his grey designer suit jacket. Now, engrossed in a newfound determination, Jadis struts through the opening in a line of fir bush and crosses the road to the nightclub.
Shine Ambrosia is in there, his estranged step-cousin. Rumor has it that she is dancing at Crazy Bull tonight. He followed her and her friend in his old Karmann Ghia, a shiny dark blue relic of his family’s past. Shine is the finest-looking woman he has ever seen. Her name has a royal air in his ears, suited for a French princess, he considers, with a delicious streak of the wicked. Just the appellation alone is toxic.
His mind fixates on memorized images of her from a yet to be aired episode of Appleville Vampires. He has his insider connections. She only had the relatively small supporting role of the badass character, Angie, but her alluring execution was unforgettable. He wants to run his hand down her raven black hair that cascades ever so softly over her sensuous shoulders in shiny waves. Oh, her hypnotic ice blue eyes… He imagines her body beneath all the haute couture lace, mouthwatering, delicious. He wants to touch her, but even though he had his way with hundreds of women, Shine is the only female in the world he cannot approach. Something about her causes him to do crazy things.
Last week Jadis saw Shine Ambrosia in person at an amateur theater production of Hamlet he attended with his tan haired, tan faced, handsome friend, Torry Wetherfield, a California man with grace. She was a magnificent Ophelia full of passion and innocence which led to her demise. Poor Ophelia. When Jadis saw Shine Ambrosia, though from afar, he knew he had to be near her. There was something rapturous, yet tragic about that woman that made him want to devour her.
After the production, with his heart pounding fast and his mind filled with desirous thoughts, he skirted away to the bar toward a pretty young blonde with long, voluptuous legs and a tight waist that he had flirted with him during intermission. She would do.
When the blonde saw Jadis strutting toward her, she pulled her virus protection face mask off her mouth as her cheeks burned. Her blue eyes cast down and then up. She couldn’t help but giggle.
“Go outside and wait for me,” he ordered, his mind distracted.
Need waded in her eyes as she nodded. “Now?” she asked, her tongue heavy in her mouth. In the moment, she could not care about contagion from Solar 49 virus. He was too appealing.
He took his cell phone out of his pocket as he motioned the bartender. “Wait by the limo,” he said under his breath looking at the face of his phone as he pressed in a call. “I’m going to do what’s good for you.”
Her hand lifted to her neck as she smiled, her thin, sleek body tense. This is the opportunity of a lifetime, even if it’s dangerous, she thought as her heart warmed against the lace of her undergarments. Tossing her hair out of habit, she took up her Gucci clutch and strolled out of the theater lobby. Her free hand fidgeted at her side.
“A shot of Absinthe,” he said to the tall, muscular bartender clad in a black suit and tie.
With his protective face mask cupped around his chin, the bartender smiled, showing a mouth of pearly white, but overlapping teeth. “Hey aren’t you…” His hand touched his thin lips.
Jadis waved him away with a flick of his hand as he spoke into the phone looking down at his silver boots, “Pull up in front of the waterfall and escort the blonde in black into the car.”
The limo driver had a low, assured voice. “As requested, Sir.”
Nodding his head now, the bartender poured Jadis’s anise flavored spirit and handed it to him. “You’re awesome, buddy,” he said pulling up his virus mask over his mouth and nose. “At first I didn’t recognize you without the makeup and crazy opposing eyes.”
“Thanks,” Jadis responded with a practiced smile and hit the Absinthe down his throat.”
“Hey, can you sign this?” the guy asked, handing Jadis a slip of paper from the order tray.
Jadis nodded distractedly as he drew out his name in a Gothic stylized print with the quick, absent-minded sketch of a skeleton waltzing with a woman who looked much like Shine Ambrosia. He handed the paper to the man.
“Wow, that’s amazing, dude!” The guy’s eyes widened.
Jadis’s grey blue eyes cast at the front entrance as he laid an overly generous wad of cash on the bar top, ignoring further conversation of the bartender’s pursuit. The California air was warmer than usual that night and scented with floral bloom from the rose bushes surrounding the circular drop off. When he got into the back of the limo, the blonde smiled and set her cocktail down on the side table. “Take off your glasses,” he ordered, the expression on his face impassive as he looked at her with cool eyes that to her appeared sad.
She nodded lightly, the heat rising up to her chest. Though she was rarely this forthcoming, she felt she couldn’t deny him, nor did she want to. There was something broken within him that she yearned to reveal. As she took off her glasses, her head fell back as he touched her in an unexpected way.
When she looked into his eyes seeing his seeming boredom, she couldn’t care. Fear of the unknown seared through her veins as her heart thud rapidly against her chest. Why was this so electrifying?
The way he touched her was unlike anything she had ever felt. Was he superhuman? His actions were flawlessly directed and confident. She sensed his thoughts weren’t on her specifically, but on someone else. The suspicion raked in her mind. As much as she wanted to tell him to stop, she knew it was not possible. She looked at his perfect face, a vein throbbing beneath the pale skin. His cold eyes frightened her, but that only excited her on more.
“I’ll meet you inside.” His voice was low and gravelly with natural musical qualities that in itself resonated within the core of her very bones.
She heard the door to the limo shut and then he was gone before she could regain herself. Her heart squeezed tightly and exuded a foreign heat that struck her deeper than anything she had ever felt. At once, she hurriedly fixed her clothing, brushing her blonde locks down with her sweaty palms and rushed back through the theater entrance. 
She joined him, her face a blush, in the theater lobby. He touched her bare arm lightly and grinned. Her body flamed, but then she saw him turn to watch Miss Ambrosia step out from the side stairs onto the marbled floors.
Jadis placed his hand on the blonde’s shoulder to steady himself as he watched the actress. His hand grew tight on the young woman’s tender bones and soft flesh. Shine stood like an apparition beneath the twinkling chandeliers in a long Champaign colored evening gown beaded with pearls and Swarovski crystals. He must approach her… But his feet wouldn’t move. Then he saw something that seemed to cause him tremendous pain. To his surprise, Torry greeted her from behind, twirling her around to pull his virus mask down and then kiss her on the lips.
Jadis glared. His throat constricted and it felt like cold slimy fingers were strangling his neck. He tried to steady his breathing. Miss Ambrosia was even more stunning up close. His knees weakened which surprised him immensely and when his friend handed her a bouquet of white flowers, a fiery sensation filled his body. Suddenly, a part of him wanted to kill him. Him! He wanted to kill HIM.
He noticed her cheeks flushed just as he thought that. It seemed as if Shine Ambrosia was distracted as she kissed Torry on his tan face on both sides lightly while looking away. Swallowing hard, Jadis looked coldly at the blonde he had just spent time with in the limo and brushed her hair off her shoulder lightly.
“Your touch is sensuous,” the blonde whispered to Jadis. As she quivered, he stared at her long and cruelly. She giggled and leaned into him.
“Goodbye,” he whispered, as he looked over at Shine. He dropped the blonde’s arm. Without further ado, he slipped out the back door alone.
His insides twisted and writhed like heaven had been consumed by hell. Beneath the makeup and stylized hair, Shine Ambrosia too closely resembled his mother in her youth before she abandoned him to the orphanage. And now she was dead. Dead because of him.
Now, Jadis walks inside Crazy Bull coolly, unbuttoning the lapel of his gray suit jacket. He knows this place well though he hasn’t been here in over a year. The club has changed from an old cavern in the woods to something much classier and chic. On the stage a sexy, heavy, but toned Latina woman is unlacing her black leather corset from inside a gigantic pearlescent clam shell while a line of girls dance on either sides of her in tasseled vintage bathing suits of satin fabric. It’s quite a glamorous, glitzy show with sultry music, sparkles, and colored lights.
A cute strawberry blonde waitress in a black pencil skirt and white chiffon blouse sets down her tray and walks up to him.
Her eyelashes flutter. “Jadis Bellemet,” she says through her virus protection mask in a husky tone as she runs her finger down the smooth fabric of his coat. “We’ve missed you. I’m surprised to see you without your entourage.” She winks with a smile. But then, her eyes widen slightly. “Is this blood on your suit?”
He hardly looks at her as he scans the dim room looking out at the silver tables with lavender glassy tops.
She glances down at his hand. “Oh, you are wounded.” She shakes her head with concern as she fishes out a napkin from her waitress pouch. “Here.” She puts the napkin on the thin cut and dabs up the blood. “It’s not too bad. What happened?”
The bartender rings a bell and she glances over at him anxiously. “We’ll catch up later.” Her eyes narrow as she observes Jadis momentarily, but the bell rings again and she rushes off.
Distracted, his stormy grey blue eyes lower under the teardrop lighting as he surveys the rest of the room. There are about forty people throughout. He gazes at the patrons lounging on the white leather sofas and then past to the purple velvet booths.
Even with the performances in session, Jadis has been noticed. A group of young women whisper amongst themselves. They can’t help but gawk as he ignores their stares.
Where is she? He touches the long shard in the inside pocket of his suit jacket. Jadis eases over to the glass top bar and orders a vodka tonic. A young man with rolled up sleeves and gelled hair slides the drink over to him, the ice clanking against the glass. With an impassive expression, Jadis picks up the cool drink and eats the olive with his back to the bartender. He’s looking out at the room casually when an attractive brunette in a lace cocktail dress comes up to him.
“Are you that rock star, Jadis Bellemet from The Strollers?” she asks him, running her hands over the sides of the soft skirt of her dress anxiously. “My friends think you are.”
The other three women laugh from across the way at their table. They are sipping on beers and watching them. One of the ladies motions with her finger at her eye, trying to remind her friend to ask him about the marking below his left eye and above his high cheekbones on his chiseled face. They think it’s a gang mark.
Jadis’s eyebrows draw together in irritation. “I wish I was a rock star.” His voice is laced with sarcasm, but there is a hint of something else.
Her eyes shift side to side as she clears her throat. “I figured you were full of yourself,” she says. “I just wanted to find out for myself.”
With that, he glances down at her chest and then into her eyes. “You want to find out?”
She’s not sure what he’s up to as he grins wolfishly.
“Uh, yeah.” Her neck reddens slightly as she exhales. “I like that tiny lit torch tattooed at the corner edge of your eye.” She fans herself with her hand. “I can’t believe they thought you were Jadis Bellemet. You are way better looking than that freak. What does it mean?” She points at the burning torch below his eye. It is just theatrical make-up, henna. He hates tattoos.
His nostrils flare as he looks at her blankly. “You’re a slut—aren’t you?” His tone comes across as matter of fact.
Taking in his unexpected accusation, her nose wrinkles. “No, I’m not.” Now she sucks in a breath as she crosses her arms.
“You are.” He chuckles and takes a drink of his vodka and tonic while perusing the room. Where could Miss Ambrosia be? She couldn’t have slipped out without me noticing. He tries to recall what her friend who she arrived at the bar with looked like. He never got a clear look at her. Shine must be in the kitchen or maybe downstairs in the wine cellar. The thought causes his mind to run with dark ideas.
The front door to the club opens and he swings around, always on guard, his hand rushing to the inside of his coat. To his surprise, it is his best friend, Torry Wetherfield, on his mobile phone and one of their childhood friends, Haul Wasperberg, beside him. Jadis’s stomach clenches. Torry must be meeting the woman of desire here.
With a cell phone to her ear, Shine accompanied by her friend, walks out of the hall leading from the wine cellar, smiling lightly as she talks in a soft, lyrical voice that seems to come natural to her. Jadis’s cheeks flush as his eyes set on her. She must be conversing with Torry, he guesses. The lucky bastard.
Her black hair is slicked back in a low bun with a braided twist. Her eyes are sultry and ice blue and her lips are a natural red even without makeup. She looks sophisticated in her black silk blouse and a nude-colored long skirt. He considers her style. It seems to portray a sort of understated elegance that intrigues his senses. A woman like that could never want an animal like me.
Chapter 2
From Shine Ambrosia’s Perspective
Well, I’m standing by the bar with a bunch of whores on the terrace of the Mirage Nightclub in the summer heat watching the palm trees beyond sway in the hot wind. I adjust the black silk veil over my eyes and try to lean languorously against the cool edge of the bar even though I feel like an awkward fool. Is it possible for me to look sexy when inside I am burning with anger, melancholy, and everything bad in between?
I bite my lip coyly. Got to play the part. I need this job to get an apartment in the hills so I can get away from my low-life father who sells me out. I have struggled most of my life for this and there is nothing I will not do to live there. Tomorrow my place opens up and I can move out of my best friend Ethel Swanson’s new boyfriend’s apartment. I’ve been staying there for a week after Rock’s last stunt that caused me to take off, and I hate being the third wheel sleeping on the couch. Even Ethel cannot know my true intentions of moving into Chateau Des Montagnes.
Standing beside me, Ethel is complaining about the very same boyfriend, Harry Stammer, while looking out at the patrons in virus protection masks before us. I guess I am too drunk to discern the words coming from her nasally voice because I just hear music and nose. Yes, I meant nose. I think it’s funny to say that. Even in my frustration I can be a geek. Anyway, I hate talking about men. Ethel should know that. She should realize that we ought to focus and that I need to concentrate on not falling over.
My eyes fixate on those charming hanging lanterns that dangle from lattices above the tables. The old, wrinkly bar maid is stretching up on a chair lighting them. She’s a nasty woman, but has a lot better balance that I do even though she is fat and saggy like a bean bag and I am too skinny like a child with phony implants and a stomach that protrudes and drives me nuts. Who could figure? I am always hoping nobody will figure out that I am underage and am working here with a fake I.D.
My eyes drift away from her varicose veins back up at the lanterns. Once the sun goes down and if I focus on one of the flames inside, the light might distract me from my most hated species. You guessed it. Men.
As a new employee at the Mirage Nightclub, I don’t know any of these scoundrels personally yet. Ethel and I only recently got this job as showgirls in San Crystal Mountains. It’s a city just on the outskirts of Los Angeles—close enough for me to get to the set in Beverly Hills for the television show, Appleville Vampires, that I have a minor reoccurring role in. The previous place I worked was a seedy burlesque bar, Crazy Bull, about a forty-minute bus ride from here in Hollywood Hills and I knew those animals too well.
Ethel waves her hand before my face. “Earth to Shine. Shine Ambrosia.”
I wonder if my blue pale eyes are inadvertently crossing and if my blonde hair that I need to dye black is frizzing in the humidity as I focus on her hazel eyes and short curly chestnut hair. “Huh?” I manage to ask with mock stupidity.
She rolls her eyes and studies my face. “Oh, Shine—you are blitzed out of your mind.” She waves her hand before her cute, pointy nose. “Dang, your breath smells like booze.”
I shrug at her with a wry grin. Unabashedly, a burp slides up my throat and escapes from my mouth.
Her eyes narrow and I get the feeling she is judging me or maybe she’s just concerned. It really doesn’t matter.
“You ready for this?” she asks adjusting the tassels on her violet-colored breast cups. One of the girls brushes past her and gets in our lineup.
I nod looking off, wondering if my false eyelashes are going to fall off. I bet I look like hell. “As I’ll ever be,” I manage to say, my voice a little slurred. Mentally, I try to reassure myself recalling that Marilyn Monroe looked tipsy in some of her films. One movie I saw, she looked flat out drunk and that movie became a classic. Maman, my French mother who lives in Las Vegas, and I love old films. It’s the thing we do together. Or did together before I cut loose. A touch of sadness weighs on me. Dang, I should have had another shot of vodka before this.
It is still a bit light out though the sun is lowering behind the picturesque mountain setting. I haven’t been to San Crystal in a long time. Some of my relatives on Rock’s side lived here before they died, I think. My uncle—Fast Jon and his wife. Oh, and their sons, Matt and Jadis. Well, Jadis is not really related to Fast Jon. Those dudes are still living, the boys. Not that I knew them—just barely. I wonder if they are still in San Crystal.
My stomach clenches as I think of their shock rock star son, Jadis Bellemet, from The Strollers band. As much as I want to, I will never forget hiking in those highlands as a child and how Jadis blared that haunting music from the pick-up truck. Though his face is a blur in my mind, he stands out with his shocking white painted face with one green eye and one grey eye. Freak.
Rocks didn’t like his French immigrant parents, so he changed his last name from Bellemet to Ambrosia otherwise I would have the same last name as my cousins. There is something about the place. Nausea spreads through my chubby stomach.
Ethel’s fleshy face is filled with sarcasm. “Well then, let the show begin.” She shakes her tassels causing her to look like a 1920’s flapper. I suppress a smile and place my hand on her shoulder to keep my balance in these idiotic heels. I have flat feet and heels just don’t work on me.
“Hustle up, ladies,” Blake, the choreographer calls out.
Now, as the other dancers, Ethel, and I file across the bar top, I notice that the heat of summer’s eve feels steamy against my overly made-up face and glittery body. Click, clack, click clack, click clack… Through the blues music, slow and sultry, I can hear the patter of our stiletto heels against the wooden surface. It’s like tiny needle pricks in my brain. I steady myself looking over the edge of the bar top at the floor and brush away all thoughts of mayhem. Just because I am wasted doesn’t mean I can’t control myself. I can hold my balance.
Once I am in dancer’s pose, I look out. Adrenaline rushes through my body. That’s weird, isn’t it? Top of the world! Yeah, right. Yet, for a tiny seventeen-year-old girl, I sure do feel tall posing above my audience like some sort of ridiculous model. Our perfumes scent the air in erotic anticipation. The odor makes me want to puke. I can feel my stomach gurgling.
Blake pats me on my calf as he walks by, a tall, wiry man, like a scarecrow with confidence. “Remember girls, everything about you screams sex,” he calls at us.
Oh, please. Too bad I feel like a clod.
As I gaze out upon the onlookers sitting at round tables on the veranda, I lift the veil of black silk from my eyes and toss my long wheat-colored hair off my shoulders. The lit lanterns above the patrons’ heads cause their eyes to glitter in the twilight. Maybe it is my imagination, but I think I can feel the heat of the sun setting behind me on my bare back. Don’t think about the mountains. I almost turn around to watch the ball of fire slide behind the peaks imagining my mother standing there like an angel, but I don’t. In reality she is likely servicing one of her clients in her Las Vegas apartment.
Though I am a man hater, I watch the big boys lounge comfortably with liquor on their breath holding crystal cups and glass mugs with intoxicating liquids of pure pleasure inside. Even though several of them are in business suits and finely clad, they are all molesters. Takers.
Yet, aside from the fact that they make my skin crawl, I like some of what they have to offer. Oh, how I yearn to feel the cold beer slide down my throat so I might forget what I am, to take a long drag off his cigarette or do a line with that one in the bathroom even though I gave that up.
My eyes fixate on a man that walks out on the terrace and takes a seat at a table with his group. Suddenly, my heart starts beating faster than usual. What the heck? I feel a sort of fear in me that I am not used to. With that recognition, I suck in a sharp breath as I focus on the guy. He is a tall, graceful young man, maybe a little older than me, but barely. Probably about twenty. Something about him feels familiar. Maybe if I was not so drunk… My palms begin to sweat and I notice my forehead bead up. Who is that guy? He has an edge to his demeanor that agitates me immensely. My throat tightens.
I try to avert my eyes, but I can’t help but watch him lean forward, unbuttoning the top buttons on his elegant dress shirt that hugs the defined muscles on his chest ever so right. I lick my lips, feeling like I want to run out of the bar. No, I won’t do that. I need the money. Just breathe, I tell myself. A knot grows in my throat that just pisses me off further.
I can’t see the man’s eyes. What do they look like? I bet they burn into you in that player kind of way. Look out. What a user. His eyes are shaded behind sunglasses. I’m glad I can’t see them. I know his type…
Biting down on my lip, I can’t help but watch him smile into the eyes of an attractive woman—she wants him as her fingers slide up the dark fabric of his slacks—but his thoughts and mannerisms convey distraction. Does he not like her?
Unexpectedly, my heart clenches. What is going on? His perfect lips barely move as he looks toward the back door. I wonder what he is saying. His companion’s body tenses.
A new song starts, jazzier than the previous, and I feel a nervous rush. With a sway of my hips, I experience the heat of the sultry music pounding through my bones. In rhythm, I toss my blonde locks cumbersomely forward and back with a wink for the patrons before us. I hate doing that. Whistles sound through the twilight, haunting, eerie, but familiar reverberations. I hope nobody can see the bruise on my cheek. Questions scare me. I covered up the purple blue with makeup and glitter.
As I grind, the guy I noticed excuses himself from the woman and strolls over to the bar taking the stool before me. Oh my! My heart pounds hard and fast against my ribcage. I continue to dance feeling a hot sensation in my chest. What the hell? My hips sway side to side and I hope I don’t fall off the bar right on top of this man that owns my attention against my will.
After a minute, I sense that he leans forward though I am looking away. What is he going to do? Stupidly, I feel like I am about to hyperventilate. You would think I would be used to guys, even sexy ones, watching me already. Isn’t that what I get paid for?
His long fingers reach up and he hands me some cash. I am not used to guys handing me the tips. Usually, they slide it in my bra or panties. It’s a quick, confident brush against the skin of my fingers. Whoa! Up close he smells like summer rain, so familiar, and his index finger is gentle to the touch. Heat rises up through my neck to my cheeks. I glance down. The guy is hot—rugged, yet almost boyish. Oh, this pisses me off. A pretty boy—the wildly sexy type.
To my surprise, my body tingles as I grin robotically and spread my legs in a choreographed squat. What is happening to me? His touch, though brief…what in the world? My cheeks are blazing. I avert my eyes. Trying to ignore the sensations spreading through my body, I keep my gaze on the flame within one of the hanging lanterns. My stomach muscles clench with unexpected warmth. Fireworks are practically going off in my head. This is surreal.
Usually, I feel a sort of disgust for the patrons at the nightclub. This is too strange. I thought I was dead to men. The last time something like this happened to me was my freshmen year of high school. The encounter was brief and I never saw the boy again which was lucky for me. I heard he was a Casanova, sleeping with hundreds of married women even though he was only a teenager at the time.
Desperately, I try to ignore what I am experiencing, whatever that is, and focus on the routine. Breathe, breathe, breathe, I tell myself. Think about something else. Anything.
God must have answered my wish because the girl next to me, Lupita Salazar, steps on my foot and says in my ear, “He is a rich playboy. Half the women in San Crystal are hot after him, but he’s the best lay you will ever have.”
Stumbling in my dance, I flinch at the pain in my foot as my nostrils flare. Somehow, I manage to keep from falling backwards into the beer pumps. Why is this dumb woman telling me this? Did she sleep with him?
I am glad for the distraction, but I know she hurt my foot on purpose—she always does crap like that. Her spiked heels didn’t offend much and she’s nothing compared to some of the mean whores I’ve dealt with.
Our choreographer placed me second from last in the lineup because I was nearly the shortest dancer aside from munchkin Lupita Salazar and the two other shorties, Baby Cakes and Jennifer at the other end of the line. Blake keeps the little girls at the ends of the row and the tall ones in the middle in descending order. I’ve noticed that even though I am already almost eighteen, I am still growing taller. Last time I measured myself, I had grown almost two inches since the choreographer made the line-up. I hope they don’t notice and realize my age.
I won’t look down at the guy below my legs again. I decide that. A girl with my experience knows better.
It dawns on me that the mountains behind my back are now hued in the purple light of evening. I sense this because my naked arms are shadowed in the violet color of my tasseled breast cups as I take hold of Ethel’s and Lupita’s shoulders for can-can kicks.
Lupita digs her nails into my skin. She’s almost ridiculous. I try to ignore her. “He’ll never commit,” she taunts in my ear. She is always finding pathetic ways to terrorize me. Little does she know I like physical pain. I bite my lip and kick my silly little legs in unison with the row. I don’t trust Lupita. What is her agenda? I am not interested in the pretty boy below my legs.
Spotlights suddenly flick on and glare into our eyes. I want to be blinded, but as my eyes adjust, I can still see. I notice another guy watching me behind and off to the side of the young man. There is something frightening to his stare. Rapist, I think. His fat cheeks are rosy red like he is drunk and his belly is too big for his pants. Belly man. I noticed him watching me in the parking lot last night as I was getting in my car.
In unison with the other girls, I turn my back to the audience wobbling only a little as I fold over, flirting with the patrons through my legs. In that position, I wiggle my rear in the air side to side and smack it before turning back around. I am relieved I didn’t fall over.
Some sorority type girls are hanging on the pretty boy now and I can feel his energy like hot fire. As I roll my head side to side, my wheat-colored tangles falling in my face, I refrain from taking a closer look at him. I know the manager expects us to flirt with the customers, but I won’t, not with this one.
Now, from the corner of my eye, I see the belly man waving cash at me. Damn, I don’t want him anywhere near me. Why do I get the two worst guys in the whole bar?
Reluctantly, I lean down and belly man sticks a bill in the spaghetti strap of my panties. He licks his lips. Gross. I give him a fake smile that makes my stomach churn as I do a fan kick over his head. Catching me off guard, he pulls my leg toward him. I stumble backwards and fall, not expecting the advance. “Lay off,” I say as I stand back up, wobbling on my heals as I try to regain my balance. Ouch. Maybe I shouldn’t be, but I am embarrassed.
Immediately, as I rejoin in the dance with the other women, something really bazar happens. The pretty boy with the girls hanging on him springs from his stool, races over toward me, and socks the belly dude in the jaw. What in the world? Is he trying to protect me? This can’t be happening. Why in the world would he care if someone mistreats me?
His black, overgrown hair fans out away from his perfect face that looks familiar as his sunglasses fall to the floor. He has full lips, a small mean nose, and grey eyes that light up like lightning behind storm clouds. Crazy! He’s lean and tight in form. He moves as graceful as a panther. Where have I seen him before? He must be a model. Maybe I saw him in an underwear ad on one of those huge billboards on Sunset Boulevard. I cannot remember.
“Don’t you touch her,” he commands in a threatening voice that vibrates through my body. Is this for real? My cheeks flame again.
“Come on,” the aggressor says back at him from the floor rubbing his jaw and shaking his head. His face is filled with bewilderment and anger. Without further delay, he stumbles to his feet and takes a drunken swing at the pretty boy, but he ducks swiftly and upsweeps his fist into the belly man’s gut.
“Stop,” I say, stumbling down from the top of the bar falling on my rear again. “You don’t need to do that for me.” My voice is hoarse and breathless through the music as I call over to him. I bet my cheeks are as red as bloody Valentines. I don’t want to owe him for this.
Like he didn’t hear a word I said, he ignores me and starts wailing on the drunk. I almost feel sorry for the guy, but I don’t. He must just be looking for an excuse to fight. This couldn’t be about me. Whoa, he is strong.
A full-on fight breaks out in the bar. The crowd joins in and men are swinging and knocking each other out left and right. Somebody throws a table on the floor and glass is shattering.
The belly guy that started this whole thing flies into the back of a chair. Puke drips out of the corner of his mouth and he seems to pass out. Only his finger is twitching. I feel a pang in my heart even though maybe he deserved it. But more men come at the pretty boy. His grey eyes are wide, maybe crazed, and they switch back and forth. Blood runs down his cheek. He runs his fingers through his raven hair as he grins unexpectedly and starts wailing on them. I get the feeling he likes the fight too much.
Oh, dang! A big buff man comes at him from the side and knocks him against a wall. My heart tightens as the pretty boy’s head sort of wobbles to the side. The buff man throws him down and starts kicking him in the ribs. Terror washes over me. In reaction, I rush over with a broom stick ready to whack the man, but somebody comes at me from the side and knocks me into the air. No frickin’ way. I go flying over the bar like a bag of summer ripe tomatoes. My arm slams against the hard floor. It stings and aches like something.
I’m okay. Maybe my body is bruised, but I can’t feel anything with the adrenaline rushing through my veins like it is. By now, the girls are behind the bar, some of them hiding in the storage room. I am looking for the pretty boy as I lean against the beer pump trying to gain my balance. The blood has drawn from my face. Is he okay? My mind is whirling, but it looks like a couple of rich looking dudes are helping him up. Are those his friends? Where is the buff man?
I pull out the cash from my panties—one dollar from the belly man. Figures. What a cheapskate. I am entirely perplexed when I see what the pretty boy left me. I try to catch my breath. Wedged between two hundred-dollar bills is a piece of paper. I unfold it quickly. It says in elegant handwriting, “I remember you.”
Oh, my. My stomach fills with heat as I trace the outline of his face in my mind. Do I know him?
I look up searching for the guy. He is gone. My fingers brush over the letter softly, but my thoughts are interrupted as cops come rushing through the French doors onto the terrace to break up the fights. I don’t want to get in trouble. The thought of losing my income causes my armpits to sweat.
At once, I rush to the dressing room, and throw on my long white overcoat. With all the ruckus and the cops calling out orders through a sound system, I grab up my clutch and run out the back-alley door afraid I might get arrested for drinking and dancing in a bar underage.
The alley lights must have been busted out again because it is mostly dark. I can see the obscure outlines of cats climbing in and out of the trash cans that line the back brick wall. The stars overhead glimmer in the black sky. To my shock, I feel cold, long fingers caress my cheek. What is that? At once I swing around, my heart thundering in my chest.
“Shhhhh,” a man in what looks like a wolf mask whispers.
My breath quickens. Should I run? I study him for a second. Even though I can barely see him in the dim light, I sense that the guy behind the mask is the young man who saved me in the bar.
“Why are you wearing a theatrical mask?” I whisper as my knees wobble.
“Why are you out late at night?” His voice is soft, yet lyrical, like a musician’s. I can almost imagine him singing to me. It’s like the notes strike me in my innards.
“That’s none of your business.” I stare at him for a moment. It is impossible to see his expressions with his face covered like that, but his arms rest comfortably at the sides of his tall, thin, and seemingly fit body as he faces me with only inches between us. “Remember me?” I ask. “From where?”
“You better get home. It is not safe in Hollywood Hills at night.” He pauses for a moment and scuffs the ground with his silver boots that seem like some sort of expensive costume. “It’s not safe with me.”
My chin juts back. “What?” My trembling body tenses. “Are you going to hurt me?” I look to the side of the alley into the darkness and try to decide if I should run. Something in me makes me hesitate. He is much taller than me and could easily catch me if I tried.
“I haven’t decided yet.”
I expect him to laugh, but he does not. “If you do, I will scream.”
He takes off his mask and I see that his face is painted white in a messy way like he rubbed the make-up on in a hurry. In the obscurity of light, it looks like he has one green eye and one grey eye. “You just expect me to know who you are because you look like you are in that old heavy metal band, Kiss?”
At that, he chuckles forebodingly. “I can only see you in the dark.”
I feel an unexpected rush through my body. What’s that supposed to mean? Does he mean that he is afraid to be seen with me in broad daylight? Or is he saying he has night vision and sunlight hurts his eyes? “Are you assuming that I want to see you?” I ask, trying to keep a steady, low pitched tone and rhythm.
“I know you do.” The deep resonances in his vocals toy further with my innards.
Unable to help myself, I breath in long, deep, and jagged. My heart seems to be beating differently in my chest now. I know who he is. It just came to me. Jadis Bellemet, my shock rock star step-cousin who lived on the streets as a child for many years. I should have figured that out sooner.
“You are safer without me,” he suddenly says as he brusquely puts his wolf mask back on his painted face. “The coven can see everything we do.”
“But in the dark?” I nod my head. “Coven? What are you talking about?” I feel a hard lump form in my throat and find it hard to continue speaking.
He quickly turns and starts to rush away like a wild panther let out of a cage, but he looks back, it seems, over his shoulder and calls out, “I should have never come here. I put you in danger.”
As he rounds the corner out of the alley, I look up at the black sky and see a shooting star. A spark of light. I don’t know how or why, but something good sparkles in my mind.
*
Thank you for reading Spark of Light (Witch Apocalypse, Prequel 1) by Rivka Zohar. Here is a sample of Light of Twilight (Witch Apocalypse, Book 1):
Light of Twilight (Witch Apocalypse, Book 1)
Copyright© 2021 by Rivka Zohar
This e-book has been provided to you by the author and publisher for your individual use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any manner. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please inform the publisher.
Light of Twilight 
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 1)
Rivka Zohar
Copyright © 2021 by Rivka Zohar
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to real people or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, things, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, or things, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
To Jerry,
Thank you for paying for my undergraduate and graduate degrees.
*
Chapter One
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
The Year 2024
(About two years later)
Standing before the door of her parents’ Las Vegas apartment, a teardrop falls from Shine Ambrosia’s deeply big and beautiful ice blue eyes and splashes on her black jeweled virus protection mask that is tucked under her chin. Even without makeup, she has unusually long black eyelashes, the thick type that most females might kill for.
Pull yourself together, she muses, trying not to sniffle. With a jagged inhalation, she tosses her shiny raven waves of hair off her shoulder and wipes the poison black lipstick off her pout with the back of her pale hand.
Her mobilex says in an authoritative, automated, and overly feminine voice, “Stockings by Gandal arrived at Vega Way. Send Webcoin now to continue transport.”
Shy retrieves her mobilex from her clutch and holds her eye up to the light on the front for scanning.
“Say yes for payment.”
Biting her pouty lower lip she murmurs, “Yes.” How am I going to pay this?
“Eighty-nine and ninety-nine chaing,” the girly voice says.
“Off,” she growls and shoves the device back in her purse.
Her thoughts roll in tumultuous waves like her mind is in the eye of the storm as she breathes in too deeply. Coughing from the dust and germs, she yanks off her surgical mask.
I am going to shine until the stars fall from the sky. Jim Morrison, Jim Morrison… The musician from the 1960’s or 70’s. Wasn’t he a witch? Or was that his wife? Girlfriend? She cannot remember.
Shine Ambrosia thinks of herself as an average looking young woman made up to look glamorous like her favorite vintage stars, Merle Oberon, Betty Page, Maria Montez to name a few, and most of all her favorite modern-day seductress, Detia Tahali, the latest “it” girl in all the dance movies with her burlesque performances, her black lace and her black sparkles. Without her creative makeover, Detia Tahali is a regular looking woman, not particularly pretty by nature but is an inspiration with all her transformational vintage glamour and style that makes her stunning to the eye.
Some people say Shine Ambrosia is beautiful. The idea makes her scoff because she feels dirty and debauched inside, not pretty at all. She can only see the darkness that haunts her.
Her mind reels with unpleasant thoughts. Her former grease ball boss, Sylvester Capone, from the Burlesque dance club, has been stalking her. She has a restraining order against him, but he doesn’t follow rules. Apparently, he seems to be a dangerous man without conscience. She wipes the perspiration off her palms on her black velvet retro skirt lined with Swarovski crystals. The lace from her thigh high stockings irritates her inner thighs. Her urges rise and she wants to scratch hard, but she refrains.
A memory floods her mind. Oh, she does not want to think about this, but as much as she tries not to, she cannot stop the haunting recollection. It was an eerie night, one of those times where her intuition informed, a needle prick to her brain, warning her to leave the dance club. But that dark night, in a lapse of stupidity, she ignored the cognition, brushing it away like a feather over her pale arm as if it were something to toy with.
Curiosity got the best of her. All the dancers had left for the night. Shy was on her way out too, but she turned back for her cape that she used in her last dance in the outdoor terrace theater they used because of the Solar 49 Virus. Opening the grand doors, warm wind blowing through her black hair, she saw it was still on the stage where she had stripped it off before the encouraging crowd. Every time she dances, she knows it should be her last, but she always finds excuses.
As she went for the fine, delicate fabric, the grand doors blew open behind her. She heard a noise coming from down the hall. Must be from inside one of the dressing rooms. Muffled cries, ever so light. Shine felt the energy of fear rush through her veins. Horror. What is going on? She should have left. She should have. That would have been wise. But instead, she crept ever so carefully down the dim hall. Just a peek and then she will go on her merry way, catch up with the girls, have a couple drinks at the local outdoor pub before going to bed.
The sounds, though subdued, increased. The lightest whimpering. Dread. She rushed light footed to the dressing room hearing the sounds within. Sucking in a frazzled breath, she pushed the door open just the tiniest crack, so she could peek inside without being detected. Oh, no! Immoral and preposterous!
Her cool blue eyes flew wide open. Her boss was tying a gag over a baby’s little mouth. The strange and gigantic oven Mr. Capone kept in the dressing room was lit. Shine did not even know the old cooker worked and certainly felt surprised it could produce such a blaze. The huge doors were propped open with a raging fire inside. Oh, how could it be? The infant cried through the sash.
Shine turned away. Her head fell to her hands. Suddenly, there was some strange chanting. Were there other people in the room? Her eyes swept the floor briefly before turning away again. Red shoes. Everyone in red shoes. Capone sounded possessed, speaking in another language, his voice snakelike. Was there a layering of voices or just one? Her mind whirled with shock.
Blood curdling screams. Shine took off running down the hall. The baby’s cries were intense. The tiny one’s muffled voice pierced Shine’s ears as she ran.
“Throw it in!” The shrieks and the ground shaking squeals Shine heard as she threw herself out the front door of the dance club made the earth shake. The infant’s pain filled her entire essence. And then there was silence.
She should have saved the baby. Maybe they would have killed her too. But, still, she should have tried. She could never forgive herself.
Her body shaking at the recollection, Shine now tries to push the memory out of her mind. Stop! Stop! Just stop it! With a reckless tilt of the head, she guzzles the last of her vodka from her flask. It slides down her long throat and burns in her tightly cinched stomach. There is barely room to breathe let alone drink with her black corset laced to eighteen inches. Had she known she would lose control, she would have tied it at her usual twenty inches. It’s been quite a while since she drank like this.
Though she fears Capone may have followed her to her parents Las Vegas apartment, she does not want to enter the flat and would rather take her chances for a while in the hall. So many horrible memories, a childhood past and gone. With everything at stake and the stirring ambivalence in her mind, her heart races. If her former boss does find her, God knows what terrors he will inflict upon her. He must be pure evil. But confronting her mother after so long tugs at her heart in ways she fears she cannot handle.
Maybe music will soothe her. Her mind, in a sort of paralysis, she sets her earpiece in place snugly in her ear and plays “Tantalize” by The Strollers hoping to calm herself. It is one of their slow songs. Her estranged step-cousin is the lead singer in this controversial metal rock band, more like shock rock, outlandish in its absurd coarseness. Women across the planet are madly, insanely in love with Jadis Bellemet and his shock rock persona. It’s not that he defecates on the stage before a deity. There is something about his voice that caresses her very soul and usually takes her to a soothing place, but this evening even the music does not seem to help.
Ah, how could she have such a messed-up family? Maman’s sordid career and her father’s insatiable appetites. But she still loves her mother and vowed to herself that she would return and take care of her. She will make things right between them even if it kills her. Veronique Paradis needs her even if she cannot confess it and right now and as much as she does not want to admit it to herself, she needs her mom—dreadfully.
She leans her back against the door glancing down the hall biting her full lower lip looking like a frightened baby doll. Feeling paralyzed with indecision, she takes another swig of vodka and puts her mask back on, afraid she might catch the newest strain of Solar 49 upon entry. How many people have died these past weeks? Okay, I can do this. I can’t stand out here all night and with only ten dollars to my name, I am in desperate need of a place to stay. So what if the last time I talked to Maman she cursed at me in a filthy stream of venom. With a deep inhalation, she turns the handle to the door. To her surprise, it is unlocked.
“Maman,” she calls out, her voice shaking. “Are you home?” Her heartrate picks up, the blood surging roughly like water rushing over jagged rocks.
With a suitcase in each hand, her eyes widen when she walks into the deep yellow kitchen, a den of hate. It feels like forever since she has been home. Everything looks both the same and different. An anxious feeling jitters inside of her chest and neck. The familiar sheer white curtains are drawn from the two windows that overlook the city lights of the Las Vegas strip below. So much sparkle and glitz in contrast to the black sky. Film Noir. The porcelain sink is filled with empty beer bottles and a syringe lay on the tiled counter.
“Maman,” she calls out to her mother, her heart thudding against her pale chest. “Hello? Anybody here?”
There is no response. The apartment seems nearly silent aside from her own footsteps of her high heels as she walks across the linoleum floor out into the living room and the faint sound of crackling wood.
Veronique must have recently left. But why did she leave the door open? An old fire is dwindling out in the fireplace, giving off the scent of burnt wood and the lightest air of smoke. Cushions from the grey velvet sofas are scattered on the plywood floor and candles are burnt out and melted down on the glass coffee table aside a tray with a half eaten pâtisserie and an empty Chinese porcelain tea urn with delicately painted cups turned on their sides.
She sets her suitcases down and takes up a half-emptied bottle of Jack Daniels and guzzles a quarter of it down. The burn in her throat and cinched stomach soothes her wearied soul.
Why did I do that? Do I have a death wish? She considers all the contagion.
Taking in a deep breath, Shine decides to check the two sleeping quarters. She stops in the hallway. Her knees feel weak. She places her hand on the closed door of her childhood bedroom hesitant to enter. Too many memories. She has not been in this room for two years. Steadying herself, she turns the handle and peeks inside.
To her surprise, the space is in perfect order as she left it nearly two years ago. The walls are still painted black with red velvet curtains drawn over the small windows. She is obsessed with velvet, lace, and crystals. Her red velvet comforter is arranged neatly with her teddy bear resting on the black lace pillow. Posters of pinup girls of the 1930’s and 40’s decorate the walls. It feels strange to be back in the apartment where memories haunt her as she looks at the bed.
Quickly, she exits and walks down the hall into Veronique’s and her father’s quarter. Rocks Ambrosia has not been around in the past year, probably off somewhere gambling or with one of his girlfriends. The king-size bed of white lace is neatly made. She opens the nightstand drawer. It is filled with conspicuous items. Bile rises in her throat. Is Maman still taking clients? She thought the money she sent would help her out enough to quit, especially since her Aunt Corinne told her Veronique was working at a gift shop at one of the casinos. Are not her clients afraid of the virus? She wonders if they wear masks, but she realizes her thoughts are warped.
With a glance across the room, she notices her mother’s perfume collection is perfectly arranged on her cherry wood dresser. Such an opulent ensemble. She opens one of the bottles. It is shaped in the silhouette of a woman’s body. So sensuous. She spritzes the inside of her wrist. Wow! It’s a luminous jasmine scent with the undertone of vanilla and something else secret and magical. Shine has always adored perfumes. Veronique’s taste is the finest.
She walks into the bathroom, her eyes widening. The cabinets are left open and the mirrored cupboard above the sink is hanging off its hinge. Pill bottles, hairbrushes, and a toothbrush are scattered on the floor. What happened? She fears the worst.
Biting her nails, she returns to the living room and twists the cap off the Jack Daniels. The sharp scent fills her nostrils. With the bottle in her hand, she sits on the armrest of the sofa and drinks the rest of the harsh contents, throwing caution to the wind. Her head whirls. She thinks she hears a noise from another room but cannot comprehend it. Her heart rate picks up as she considers the possibility that one of her mother’s clients could be inside the apartment. Or could it be her horrible boss, Capone? Her body trembles.
But as she stands up, she nearly falls and forgets what she is doing. Stupid, she thinks to herself. She passed her limit with the drinking. Trying to keep her balance, she walks to her bedroom and lies down on the red velvet bed. Will he throw her into the oven and burn her alive? A tear rolls from her eye as she falls asleep almost immediately.
Hours must have passed. She awakes to a noise. Chills rush up her spine. Her head is still spinning from the drink. The door of her bedroom opens. Light from the hall floods into the black space. “Maman?” she says, hopeful that her mother has returned and that it is not someone dangerous. If it is her mother, maybe she will forgive her. Oh, but she is not in well enough shape to reason with her appropriately. What was she thinking drinking like this?
She sees a dark silhouette standing in the doorway. Light casts on a thin woman’s golden hair. It looks like her mother, but the shadows and age render her an eerie look. Her delicate face is impassive, but her blue eyes are fiery as she stares at her daughter lying in the bed.
“Maman, it’s me Shy. I’ve come home to be with you,” she says in the dark.
Her mother does not answer. As Shine rolls over onto her side, she glances back at Veronique and sees that she is holding something in her hand that rests at her side. Quickly, she sits up as the object glistens in the hall light. It is a knife.
“No!” Her heart slams against her ribcage like a jackhammer as her mother charges at her with the long blade.
Before Shine can scramble to her feet, Veronique jabs the knife at her but only scathes her arm as she misses her body and lodges it into the mattress full force. “I’m going to kill you,” her mother screams as she pulls the blade out.
Breathless, Shine pushes past her, stumbling around the bed as she grabs up her purse and runs out of the room. Heat surges in her chest. She can hear her mother chasing after her as she runs down the hall. Her breath is strangling her, and she feels lost and disoriented from panic in the apartment. She makes her way into the living room, trips over her suitcases, and bashes her knee against the floor.
Her eyes dart toward the hall, her mother fumbles with the blade. “Beast!” the older woman says through clenched teeth. The blade drops at her feet. Shine blinks several times hoping her mother has gained her senses. This cannot be happening. But Veronique snatches up the blade. Stop! It is all moving so fast. Her forehead beaded with sweat Shine grabs hold of the edge of the coffee table.
Her mother’s eyes widen as she charges at her daughter again holding the knife over her head. Gasping, Shine pulls herself up just as her mother reaches her and takes another jab barely missing her torso.
Before she knows it, Shine is outside and in the parking lot, her chest heaving. She searches around through the dark. There is just one flickering lamp set off to the side by the dumpsters. Veronique is not to be seen. Panting and trying to catch her breath, she digs through her purse and retrieves her keys. “Get a grip!” Her fingers feel numb as she fumbles with them trying to get the metal into the lock of the car. Her heart surges with the recognition that her mother loathes her. Finally, she manages to get the door open.
At once she climbs inside and locks the door. Her head falls to the steering wheel as she puts the key in the ignition. She exhales, trying to gather her senses, but then she feels a hand grasp onto her shoulder.
“Oh, please, no!” she screams. She feels like she is going to hyperventilate. Is her mother in her car? She tries to get out of the Kung Tzx Comp, but she cannot get the door open.
“You have to unlock it,” the person says in a deep, relaxed voice.
She whips her head around, startled out of her wits. “Who are you?” she demands, goosebumps prickle the back of her neck. It is a man in a black top hat and a leather mask with a depiction of some sort of ferocious animal. The mask is of a theatrical sort, not a virus buffer.
“Jadis Bellemet is my name…” He grins sardonically. “… and you must be Miss Ambrosia.” His voice is cool.
What did he just say? With all the turmoil, she hardly feels coherent. She thinks of serial killers she has read about on the internet. Maybe he works for Capone. A cold lump settles in the throat region of her long neck. She swallows hard and stares at the man, feeling unable to move. Did he just call her by name?
He is handsome like a model as are some of the most famous serial killers portrayed in the media and he is dressed entirely in black with studded fingerless gloves, a bullet belt with bullets, and a long overcoat. His eyes are of two colors. One is emerald, so green like leaves in spring and the other is grey like a silver gun. They are so intense that she figures he must be wearing contact lenses. Maybe not? As he cocks his head to the side, apparently studying her, his strange, yet beautiful orbs bore into her in a way that makes her feel completely out of control—lost, angry, freaked out…
“What do you want from me?” She manages to ask, her voice hitching in her throat. At once she digs through her purse for her surgical mask.
There is a knock at the driver’s window. Startled, Shine screams. At once she turns and sees a man in a Hawaiian shirt and shorts holding a bag of fast food and a tray of drinks. His white hair is cut short and neat. “We thought this was Uncle Rocks’ car,” he calls through the glass. “Didn’t want to frighten you, Shy.”
He knows her. The guy at the window just mentioned her father. Oh! She realizes who these enigmas are. Her winter blue eyes widen as she turns to look at the man in black leather in the backseat.
He grins wolfishly. “Maybe he didn’t want to scare you, but I did.” His low, musical tone is taunting as he unlocks the back door and lets his companion in beside him.
Shine is still shaken up, but her shoulders fall as she begins to puzzle the pieces together. She is afraid her mother might still be looking for her. If she had not been out of her mind, she might have figured out who these guys were right away. “It is my father’s Kung Tzx.” As much as she wants to sound cool and collected, her voice cannot help but quiver. “But I’m using it.” Her adrenalin rushes much too fast. Is she going to catch Solar 49 from them?
Retrieving her virus protector from her purse, she threads the elastic strings over her small ears and pulls the black gauze over her lips. Blinking several times, she looks at the man in the theatrical mask questioningly as she wipes her sweating palms on her black retro skirt. “You’re Jadis Bellemet, the psycho rock star, and my step-cousin?” she says, probing his intriguing eyes and then searching out the window for her mother. His expression appears impassive as he stares at her.
“And you are…” she looks at the man in the Hawaiian shirt, also quite handsome but in a more conservative way, “…Matt Bellemet, my real cousin.” She had not seen Matt since she was a child and Jadis was an entirely different story.
“Yeah,” Matt says pulling out a burger from the fast-food bag and holding it out to Shine.
She shakes her head and waves her hand at it as her stomach rolls.
He laughs. “Too much drink?”
Wondering how he can tell, she stares at him blankly.
“Well, I remember swimming with you in that lake down south as kids. You were super-fast in the water. We went fishing.”
“Don’t bother her about that,” Jadis says grabbing the burger from him. “Where’s Uncle Rocks?” he says in a low voice tilting his head down as he eyes her.
To her horror, her body fills with an uncontrollable tingling sensation that stirs her. “You’re crazy breaking into the car and scaring the hell out of me. Get out.” Her mind whirls and the next thing she knows her stomach rumbles loudly. Tearing her virus protector off, she feels like she might faint, but instead, she heaves forward, and vomits right over the back of the seat on Jadis’s steel toe boots. She falls over to her side and passes out.
Chapter Two
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
The next morning Shine wakes up lying in a bed of white feathers and gold ribbon inside a solid gold canoe that drifts gently in a sort of indoor pool. Startled, she takes note of the elegant Greek art on the walls and the high reaching arched windows giving view to the gardens.
Where am I? Her pale blue eyes cast down at her body. She is clad in a white silk sleeping gown with a string of tiny pearl buttons from the high neckline down to her ankles. Her feet are fitted in soft white satin slippers in the style of ballet flats, but with lax soles designed for indoor wear.
“My oh my. What the hell is this?” she says as she sits up trying not to wobble the canoe for fear of tipping into the strange clear green water. She touches her lips. Where is my surgical mask? The potent scent of liquor odors the room balanced by a strong herbal and floral scent. How strange. She has an eerie feeling as she notices camera’s protruding from the upper corners of the room and a rather large projector lens lodged into one of the walls like a huge glass eyeball watching her.
Oh, it is just her overactive imagination. Nobody is watching me. That would be just too weird. The setting in some ways seems idyllic with the lovely art depictions and fine architecture, but she feels rather unsettled because she cannot fathom how she got here or why it smells so strongly of alcohol.
Her mind reals back trying to recall last night’s events. Argh... Her heart clenches as she remembers her mother with a knife. How could she? Her own mother tried to kill her. The ache in her heart grows nearly to a hot bleed, sickened by distress. She covers her mouth with her hand while still grasping onto the side of the canoe with the other.
Her head aches from the drinking of last night. And there was that man with the burgers, Matt. Oh, yes, her cousin, Matt, Fast Jon’s son. And the other man in the car. Her heart rate accelerates as her hand slides down the white silk covering her chest. Jadis Bellemet.
This was not her first encounter with her odd step cousin, Jadis. In a sense, they had met before, but only once. It was like a hazy dream. She saw him briefly about two years ago. It was an unexpected happenstance at a diner on Sunset Boulevard when she arrived in Los Angeles for the first time before her audition for the TV series.
Mesmerized in a sort of teenage angst with the Hollywood scene, she recalled how she and her father, Rocks, had gone out to eat. As they walked into the mostly glass restaurant, Rocks said to her, “Go, babe, take a seat by the big windows. You can watch the L.A cars glide on by.” Her dad chuckled at his description.
Rocks Ambrosia always seemed bigger than life to her. The way he stood—erect, emphasizing his tall frame and thin, slightly muscular physique. That early morning, when the stars were still out, he was dressed in faded jeans and a flannel shirt with dark boots. For a moment, he gazed out the window, blinking his cinnamon brown eyes as he brushed away his shaggy, overgrown copper hair with his weathered hands. “This is the life, hot cakes,” he said under his breath, lightly nodding his head before walking away.
Shine hated how he called her that but, she obeyed and as she sat down at the table, she took a pen out of her backpack and started sketching on her napkin. The first thing that came to her mind was an automatic rifle. She always liked guns and wanted to invest in her own collection someday. Rocks taught her how to shoot many a times at the gun range in Las Vegas where he practiced.
So, while her father was ordering at the counter and Shine was drawing her image of her most coveted rifle on her napkin, an extraordinary guy entered the diner. It was strange—she felt a sort of surge of energy rush through her body and she looked up. Whoa! Something about this young man caused her to tremble.
Seemingly distracted talking in his cell phone, he was dressed in all black leather. His chiseled face was painted in a thin layer of white makeup. She remembered how handsome he looked to her in his oddness. Was he ashamed like she was of his looks? Is that why he covered himself with makeup? He seemed to have one silver eye and one emerald eye. Contact lenses?
As he stood by the glass front entrance, he must have sensed her watching him, because he looked over at her. To her surprise, he chuckled wryly and shook his head. Why’d he do that? His strange, ununiformed eyes widened slightly. His black hair was cut short and windblown like he had just gotten off a motorcycle.
Heat rose through her neck and burned at her cheeks, but she forced herself to hold his gaze so as not to appear weak. But then, what struck her most was what he said to her. He snapped his cell phone closed and said in a musical, gravelly voice, “I’m gonna marry you.” He pointed at her with his long fingernail painted in black.
What?! She was only seventeen at the time and nobody had ever spoken to her like that let alone a man as disturbing as this one. From the shape of his chiseled face, even with all the makeup covering it up, she could tell he was naturally as gorgeous as a model, but it was not even his appearance that irritated her. It was something about his essence that was entirely maddening. She could not quite put her finger on it. Maybe it was the way he looked at her so intensely, maybe it was the musical intonations of his masculine voice, or maybe it was the sad look in his weird eyes. No, it was just simply the way he moved so gracefully with confidence almost like an animal.
But she sensed he wasn’t sincere. He looked like the kind of guy who got lots of women. What a user. What a player, she thought, anger boiling up inside her. Her heart clenched and heated. What the hell?
And then the craziest thing happened. Her father stepped away from the counter and looked at the young man. Sudden fury flamed in Rock’s eyes. What was he angry about?
All at once, Rocks ran forward like a shooting pistol and jumped the guy! Shine was shocked. Hurling his body on top of him like a mad man, he slugged the poor guy in the jaw.
“Stop!” Shine screamed.
The young man’s weird eyes widened as he scrambled to his feet, but Rocks sprang off the floor and grabbed onto the back of his knees and pulled him down with a hard and sudden jerk. Now the guy fought back, presumably as self-defense. But fire was in Rocks cinnamon eyes. Blood gushed. It all happened so fast. A rapid succession of punches, it was difficult for Shine to discern who was punching who and who was taking the most hits.
Her father fought the man like there was no tomorrow. The white-faced guy looked frightened with his wide strange eyes. Bloody faced, Rocks grabbed a chair from the table and slammed him with the back of it. The young man fell to the floor like the life had been sucked out of him, and he seemed to pass out. With the guy apparently out cold on the floor, Rocks dragged Shine by the arm without even taking the burgers and fries he had paid for from the checkout counter.
Once they were in the car and on the road for some time, Rocks wiped the blood off his face with the back of his beat-up hand, and seemed to calm down. He told Shine that this young man was Jadis Bellemet, his brother, Fast Jon’s stepson. “The bastard is a witch,” he said. “Cultist. Stay away from him if you want to live.”
She did not understand. Why did her father hate him so much? She did not dare ask for further elucidation.
After that, Shine felt tormented. Those unsettling eyes, the costume, and the inappropriate words, Jadis Bellemet had become a secret object of fixation since their encounter. Aside from the morning in the diner, she had never actually met him though she had been privy to a few stories about him of past.
From what she had heard over her childhood years, even before Jadis Bellemet became famous, girls and women loved him and flocked to him like he was a fine indulgence that could not be denied, but he was known to be very selective. She had heard that his drug addicted mother put him in an orphanage when he was four years old where he was abused. He ran away from the situation when he was six where he lived on the streets for nine years like a lost puppy, sleeping in alleys and public restrooms. It was rumored that he sold bracelets and candies on the streets to survive. Many bad things that are not clear to her happened to him.
Once his mother married Fast Jon and sobered up from her drug addictions, they birthed a son together which inspired her to search for the son she had given up to the orphanage eleven years prior. After some research, she found Jadis and took him back into their home. That is all Shine knew of Jadis Bellemet’s childhood.
And then about a year ago, Fast Jon died in a freak accident. Then Jadis’s mother died. Both deaths were sudden and unexpected. Rocks never explained why he attacked Jadis Bellemet that morning at the restaurant, but Shine had to wonder if it had anything to do with the demises of his family members.
As she considers all this, she is startled back to her present situation as the huge lens that reminds her of a gigantic eye lights up and projects onto the plain white back wall. At the same time, a piano piece by Liberace begins to play in the room. She recognizes the music. She and her mother are big fans of Liberace. Images of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dressed in formal wear and dancing romantically in a scene from the movie, “Smoke Gets in Your Eyes,” haunts the wall. Her mother and she watched this vintage film hundreds of times together. Ginger Rogers is clad in a long black satin dress that sways to the rhythms of the music while Fred Astaire is in a black tuxedo as they waltz through the ballroom like a dream. It is a sickly beautiful and nostalgic scene that pricks her arms with unwelcome goosebumps.
Shine grips the sides of the gold canoe digging her fingers in. She does not like being toyed with. It is uncomfortable to see this film after what Maman tried to do to her. Her stomach rolls and she wants out of this tiny boat immediately. She puts her hands into the water and starts to paddle over to the side of the pool. The green liquid stings her skin, but the scent is almost reminiscent of an alpine meadow.
In unthinkable reaction to the aroma, she stops to take up some of the water into her mouth to taste it. “What in the world!” It burns her tongue. What the heck is this? She spits it out. Is it some sort of poison?
What kind of lunatic would fill a pool with green poison? But she knows better than to ask that question. Jadis Bellemet has a reputation for the bizarre and shocking. As the lead singer of his controversial rock band, The Strollers, he never fails to surprise the public with his outlandish behavior and mocking absurdity.
She paddles faster to the side. Once she has managed to maneuver the canoe into a parallel position, she takes hold of the tiled edge and swings her leg over and awkwardly pulls herself out onto the stone flooring. But as she tries to stand up, the piano music waltzing in her ears, frazzling her nerves, Jadis Bellemet strolls in.
Oh, isn’t he so cool, she thinks sarcastically? He stands over her bent over body, her head nearly between her legs, and holds out his hand. She can feel the heat between them as she looks up at him startled and swats his black painted fingernails away. “Absurd!” She stands up. “Are you insane?” Her voice is accusatory. Her skin prickles again—she does not have her virus protection mask. What if he is contagious?
“I hope I am.” His voice is low and gravelly. Oddly, it seems to resonate with the rhythms of her heartbeat like a rock song. He grins crookedly.
She swallows as she looks at his clean, perfect face. This is the first time she has seen him without makeup or a mask. Argh! He is frustratingly gorgeous. His eyes, free of the strange lenses, are a mesmerizing greyish blue, like rain clouds in a blue sky framed in dark thick lashes and black eyebrows. His raven slightly overgrown hair is a bit disheveled, but it looks natural and soft, the kind of hair you must run your fingers though. “That is how I lavish myself with frivolities.”
Shine frowns. “Is putting me in a canoe in some Cinderella nightdress your idea of a frivolity?” Her ice blue eyes narrow in at him like a hawk.
Though he chuckles, looking away and out the high arched windows toward the gardens, there is something distant and detached in his manner. “You put yourself in that boat, lady. And the gown, you stole that from my drawer.” As he speaks in his low, tuneful voice, he begins to examine the polish on his nails with a look of boredom on his chiseled face. “I was going to sleep in that.”
She touches the soft fabric of her dress. “What? Are you gay?” she snaps and then blows a loose strand of her black shoulder length hair off her eyes and tucks it behind her ear.
His alluring face pales a shade lighter. “I guess you will have to find out,” he murmurs as he walks over to one of the windows and takes off his long black overcoat.
Oh, my! Did he have to do that? She is staring at his clothing and physique trying to not to let her jaw drop. What a showoff, she thinks in frustration.
He tosses the coat over a Greek-style chaise lounge before putting his hand against the windowpane, still looking out. To her surprise, he is barefoot, wearing soft, faded, torn jeans and a t-shirt. Though he looks entirely erotic in his attire, it is confusing seeing him like that after viewing him in so many outlandish music videos in his rock star costumes. Yes, he looks hot… but so normal all the same.
Her heart thunders in her chest. It is insane to be in a closed room with someone without a face shield. Two girls from the dance club died of Solar 49 virus last week. There is a new strain that is even stronger and wiping people out.
She steps forward observing one of his exposed arms. Involuntarily, she winces as she leans in slightly to take a closer look at a row of small open wounds. “Heck,” she gasps, covering her mouth with her silky white hands.
“What are all those cuts up and down your arm?” She is very curious but feels a wave of fright, not from fear of the virus, but fear of Jadis, that surprises her. Observing the lacerations, she wonders if they are some sort of self-mutilations or perhaps someone else cut him.
His well-formed frame swings around to face her, his arm still stretched out with his hand supporting himself against the windowpane. He raises a dark brow. “Wouldn’t you like to know?” his musical voice is teasing, but his grin has a wicked quality. Is he taunting her?
This is not right. “I think I’d rather not.” She is deciding how to play this because with only ten dollars to her name, a mother who wants to kill her, and a former boss who is stalking her and holding her belongings for ransom, she has nowhere to go.
But as she attempts to consider her tactics, she cannot help but marvel at his appearance. She should not be intrigued with such an aberration. To her surprise, he looks quite physically fit for a musician. He is tall and lean. Yes, he is pale, but the strong look of his chest, shoulders and arms on his lithe body cue her to wonder if he works out or possibly engages himself in some sort of sport. He really does not seem like the athletic type. She imagines him to live in an opium den with a harem of sultry girls not on a field with a ball.
“So, what were you doing in my car?” Her hands run down the white silk gown she is adorned in absent mindedly.
“I had some unfinished business with your pop.” His nostrils flare momentarily, and he rests his back against the wall of carefully crafted Greek garden depictions beside the window. If she is not misreading him, she detects vulnerability in his eyes. It is not just the purple shadow casts of not enough nutrition or sleep on the soft lucid skin below his dark lashes, but something more in the depths within the pupils. It is almost like she could get lost inside them and that causes her to wonder if he feels lost. Hmm, there she goes again, contemplating him. She senses that there is something broken inside of him like something secret and tragic has crushed him internally.
She glances at the cuts on his arm and then looks back into his bewildering eyes. The bluish grey gives the impression of sadness like a vast, lonely sky, but most of all his eyes seem blasé toward her. She wants to kick herself for her curiosity toward him. The way he decorates himself with spikes, black leather, and other strange adornments for his concerts, she gets the impression he wants to be an abomination. She is intrigued with this because even with his attempts, she cannot imagine a man alive to be anymore beautiful.
His eyes trail down her body, sending chills up her spine. It is almost like cold, icy nails are fingering their way up her back. “You don’t look so good,” he says, folding his arms over his chest in a relaxed manner with his back still against the wall.
She nods and to her dismay begins to pace. Why is he having such and effect on her? It isn’t just that—is it? So many emotions are coursing through her with her mom and her circumstances…
He tilts his head to the side and watches her intently holding his position. “You okay?” His tone feels unreadable without inflection.
Shine stares at Jadis, feeling frozen in thought. But before she can answer, the door is thrown open and a beautiful young woman with blonde hair in lingerie with a French maid apron of sorts struts in the room. She wears a pink surgical mask over her mouth. Huh? The bombshell has a lacy kitchen towel thrown over her shoulder. “You ready for breakfast, baby?” she says to Jadis before noticing Shine.
The blonde’s hazel eyes pop wide as she takes a step back. Her cheeks flush rose petal pink as she seems to attempt to keep a blank expression on her perfect cherub face. She really is dazzling, Shine thinks. A ten, even with the surgical mask on her face.
But the longer she looks at the blonde, she begins to see a familiarity like she knows her. “Betty?” Shine says, her voice lifting as she rubs her bloodshot, ice blue eyes.
The bombshell nods her head in seeming recognition. “Hello, Shy.” Her tone sounds soft yet calculated to Shine.
Initially, Shine did not recognize the young woman as her close childhood friend. It has been a couple of years since they have seen each other since Shy moved from Las Vegas to Los Angeles and now her friend’s hair is a completely different color. She was always a cute redhead, in her opinion, and she wore her tresses quite short, but now her hair is past her shoulders and a shocking shade of platinum blonde like the 1950’s sex symbol and actress, Marilyn Monroe. Her skin formally freckled, is now white, soft, and baby smooth.
What? Did she use an eraser on her face? Even her nose appears smaller, and her lips seem fuller. Wow, she was always pretty, but now she looks like she ought to be in Playboy Magazine. She looks as perfect as a Barbie Doll.
“I tried to call you so many times and could never reach you,” Betty Walsh says, somewhat muffled through the virus shield, to Shine in a voice that sounds measured and spicier than it ever used to. “Maman wouldn’t tell me where you were. And then I heard around school that you moved to L.A. to do pornos.” She blushes again. 
Shine’s chin juts back. “That’s what everybody said?” She shakes her head, bitterness rising in her chest. “That explains the bad treatment from Camille Torrence at the grocery store when I ran into her.”
“I told everybody it wasn’t true, but you know how they are.”
“Yeah, I know too well.” Heat stewing below her neck, she crosses her arms over her chest. “I went to do some acting. I called you a lot, but your mom said you moved out with…” She looks over at Jadis who is standing stiffly with his nostrils flared. At that, she decides to make this short.
“I’m living in Westwood now,” Betty Walsh says nonchalantly as she walks over to Jadis, draping her arm over his shoulder. “I’m not worried about catching your germs. I would die for you.”
“Not, now,” he says sternly, stepping back.
“Hey, you don’t have to get all uptight,” she seems to pout beneath the pink mask, trying to come across as teasing, maybe, but relaying her hurt none the less.
“You need to leave,” he says coldly as he picks his overcoat up off the chaise lounge and walks toward the door.
Her hazel eyes well. “Get my number from Jade,” she says to Shine, shrugging and seemingly trying to appear more confident than she ever used to act.
“Okay, I will.” She smiles at her friend, as a pang tugs at her heart. Jadis Bellemet is a real jerk, she decides, feeling sorry for Betty.
Keeping her eyes wide, maybe to not let the tears spill out, she giggles, “I have so many stories to tell you. It killed me when you left.”
“It was hard for me to.” Shine looks off, shaking her head lightly. “I am so glad we reconnected. We have so much to catch up on.”
Jadis taps his watch. “This reunion is sweet, but I got crap to do.”
“I know, I know,” Betty says as she follows behind him reluctantly. As he is leaving with her, he looks over his shoulder at Shine. “Your keys,” he says, tossing the car keys to her. “Nice seeing you, cuz.” His face looks impassive, but the slightest sardonic grin seems to tug at his perfect lips as she catches the keys.
“Look,” she says as her throat stiffens. “There’s something I need to talk to you about.”
His lips twitch as he looks impatient. He guides the girl out of the room with his hand.
“Call me later,” she says, pulling her virus protector down while smiling decorously at Jadis.
He ignores her and walks back in the room with Shine, shutting the door. “Make this fast. I have to go.”
Her throat feels rigid like a frozen metal pipe. She swallows hard. Could he be anymore insensitive? At once, she considers telling him to get over himself, but then she thinks better of it. If he’s a user player, I can be a bigger user player. “I’m in a tough spot right now.” She lowers her eyelids as dreamily as she can muster and inhales long and jaggedly, which makes her stomach churn. “Last night when we met up in my Kung Tzx…”
“Yeah, come on, come on…” He’s rolling his hand like he’s trying to hurry her up, but his stormy grey eyes are narrowed in on her.
“Come on,” she says under her breath, trying to pull herself into one of the facades she presents on the stage in her burlesque performances. “My mother just tried to kill me,” she says in a low, soft tone. “I was running from her as she chased me with a knife when I met up with you last night.” She did not want to say that.
The cocky look on his face diminishes. “What?” His black eyebrows lift. Then he glances back over his perfectly crafted shoulder.
She bites her pillowy lip. “Yes, well, so I’m in a tough spot cause I’m out of money and I have nowhere to go.” Her hands hang at her sides.
He feels a certain discomfort as he watches her white strait teeth press down on her soft lip again, but his eyes simply stare off now. “You can stay here for a short while.”
Her fingers brush the collar of her gown. “Really?” She tries to keep her tone flat as she looks up at him.
“Sure.” He smirks, wondering if she’s had voice training. The way she speaks resonates with an unfamiliar airiness that feels like a feather brushing across his skin. He shoves one of his hands in the pocket of his jeans. “You can sleep in the dungeon.” At that, amusement dances in his greyish blue eyes as he seems to congratulate himself internally on his response. Because she is related to him is reason to mistreat her.
“Is that a joke?” she says frostily.
His lips press together in a straight line. “Not a joke.” He nods his head matter of factly. “Or…” To his surprise, his eyes vaguely gloss over. “…or you can vacate.” He looks down at her and grins lightly.
Trying to convey a blank expression on her bewitching pale face, she asks without inflection, “Where’s the dungeon?” Her tone is low and flat, but she feels otherwise.
“Follow me.” He turns and heads back through the door with Shine following behind him, blood pounding in her ears.
“You can sleep in the bed down those stairs. Don’t touch the decorations. They are mine.” He points down a grey stone stairwell. “I’ll have one of the maids send some clothes to you and some cash to get you going until you get yourself a job or whatever you do. My guess is prostitution.”
She sucks in a sharp breath that causes pain in her chest. Not even worth responding to, she decides. “Cash?” Her head juts back ever so slightly.
He holds a blank expression. “If you don’t pay me back with interest, I’ll send my sharks on you. No joke. You won’t like the sharks.” He chuckles. “Keep your parents out of my house and no friends over.”
His offer has thrown her off balance. Is he serious? She nods. “Will do.” She is quite familiar with horrible souls, but none like him. He confuses her. “With insurance.” Her eyelashes flutter over her blue iciness in sarcasm.
To her discomfort, he does not respond, but rather turns without a word throwing his hand above him, in gesture, she guesses, as he steps away. Her mind drifts to dark places as she wonders if he is mocking her.
No one has a right to be so self-confident. She gazes after the tall, broad-shouldered abomination gliding away in long, easy strides that seem to grace the wide artfully decorated hall. It feels as if she is the one lost now. Maybe it was only her reading her own emotions into him. He seems quite egotistical.
As he senses her watching him, his body grows cold. He derives some pleasure, but mostly fear from the ice blue eyes fixated on his back as he progresses toward the kitchen. I should stay away from one Miss Shine Ambrosia.
Standing beside the stairwell, Shine contemplates. She could leave now. That would be the smartest decision. But something tugs within the pit of her stomach, and she cannot quite get herself to go. Really, she has nowhere to flee and, at this point, no choice but to stay. With hesitation, she begins to descend the cold grey stairs heading toward the dungeon. She’ll just check it out.
Her body is tense as she is not sure what to expect. The stairs wind down much farther than she anticipated, and as she descends it becomes darker and darker, becoming narrower with the gradual decline until the walls are nearly hugging her shoulders on both sides. Maybe I should turn back. Now in the darkness and tight confines of the walls her breathing grows shallower and beads of perspiration form on her pale forehead. She doesn’t do well in tight spaces. A part of her considers again that maybe she should run back up and away from this place.
She thinks of the Edgar Allan Poe story, “A Cask of Amontillado”, and she feels a wave of nausea. What if she is being led to her death? This could be a trap. He did call it a dungeon which is a place where people rot out their lives forever imprisoned. She has heard strange rumors about the famous Jadis Bellemet. Vaguely she recalls hearing on the news that entire towns in the Midwest are soliciting against his music in court. Hundreds if not thousands of parents want to ban his music. The Strollers. What a stupid name for a band. They say his lyrics are demonic steeped in black magic and sorcery. She thinks about what Rocks said about Jadis being a witch.
Just as she is about to turn around and rush back up the stairs, she sees an opening. The floor has leveled, and she is now standing in a dark, musty room. She detects the scent of wood, polish, leather, and rose. Hmmm… But her adrenaline rushes. She feels around on the stone walls for a light switch. It is so chilly down there. Is she crazy to come down here? What if he locks her in? He does not seem like the altruistic type, offering her his lodging. It could very well be a trap. Rocks insinuated he is a killer or at least that being around him would kill her. Didn’t he?
She cannot find anything in the blackness, but determined as she now is, she continues onward feeling her way, wondering if something frightening could be lurking in the darkness with her. Perhaps there are spiders or even snakes in this room. She would not put it past him to have a wild animal. She heard rumors. It is well known that the drummer of The Strollers bit off a rat’s head on stage and sprayed the blood on the moshers. But just as she is about to give up, she finds a light switch on the cold wall and presses it on.
Chapter Three
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
In the Bassano Del Grappa divine black and shadow grey Italian kitchen, Ms. White fiddles with the thin, tightly woven hair net over her sable fine hair. She looks at Jadis briefly as she pulls the crème brûlée from the oven and places the ramekin on the bar top before him. He does not look up. His eyes are pinned on an article in Forbes Magazine, but he nods his head before dipping a spoon in the fragrant treat.
“Mmmm…” he murmurs, the melody of his vocals playing naturally. The burnt cream and caramel melt in his mouth. “Tastes like a hint of Grand Marnier in this.” He peeks up at Ms. White innocently like a child with his grey blue eyes almost gleaming under the chandelier light.
Her cheeks flush tomato red as she straightens the black bow tied at the neckline of her white starched blouse. “You noticed.” She sets a shot of expresso before him and runs her well-manicured hands over her pearl-colored apron. “Your stepbrother called and said for you to meet him at Jake’s diner at 9:00. He wants you to stop off and pick up his daughter from her mother before you meet him.”
“I almost forgot. Just because he does not want to see his almost ex-wife, doesn’t mean I should have to.” He smirks at himself, shaking his head. “Call Jack to meet me in the driveway.” He thinks of his chauffeur and hopes he is not drunk.
“Will do Mr. Bellemet. If I may say so, sir. Please do not worry yourself over that commentary. Your fans are the ones who matter, and no business tycoons can touch you.” With a gentle smile, she steps around the black center island with crown moldings and glass beadings and heads into the side room.
A subtle scowl on his pale face, Jadis does not acknowledge Ms. White, but rather, his stormy eyes continue to fixate on the last paragraphs of the Forbes article as he quickly finishes off the crème brûlée and gulps down the expresso.
***
Los Angeles traffic. Trying to avoid the ambulances, Jack Hammerman parks the limo along the curb of the busy Beverly Hills boulevard. He holds his wide forehead with one hand and wipes the perspiration off before sniffing the armpits of his grey jacket. He burps before shutting off the engine. Over the line of whizzing traffic, the chauffeur sees an ambulance parked across the intersection. “Dead at every corner,” he mumbles to himself as he clears his throat wanting to sneak a guzzle of vodka from the flask inside the inner pocket of his jacket, but looks at the body guards beside him.
Paramedics in Solar 49 anti-viral protective suits carry infected bodies into the vehicle on gurneys. “If you can’t beat ’em join ’em,” one of the armed body guards, Mike Forester, a tall, muscular man with a sandy brown military haircut, says to Jack while nudging his side with his elbow.
“Yo, dude, we’re the protectors, yeah?” Crab Johnson, his shorter side kick with a chubby baby face and curly reddish hair says as they get out of the limo.
Neither respond as Crab opens the door for Jadis and his seven-year-old niece, Emily Bellemet.
“At Jake’s Diner,” Crab coughs in his hand. “Watch your step, sir,” the bodyguard says to his employer as he motions with his hand to get out of the limo. “Ms. White, call your bro to give a heads up to uh Matt Bellemet. Yo. The woman say we get here and tell him to meet ya at the breakfast.” He tries to speak formally, but falls out.
Following suit, Jadis and Emily exit the car while Mike Forester circles the vehicle and surveys the bustling surroundings. Jack Hammerman sneaks a little vodka as he waits in the driver’s seat.
Jadis looks over at Jake’s diner where he is to meet his stepbrother, Matt, for breakfast. Once Jadis and Alley step on the curb of the sidewalk, he notices Matt across the street behind the ambulance talking animatedly to a heavy set, bald Indian man at the hectic newspaper stand. He looks like he is joking around with him. The man appears to laugh but looks stressed trying to juggle all the morning customers. Cars whiz by on the street.
“Did you bring me tickets to your concert, Uncle Jade?” Emily puts her hands on her skinny hips and purses her lips at him as she holds her protective mask with one finger.
“Your mother won’t let,” he says, narrowing his dark eyebrows as he grins crookedly at his niece.
She giggles, her dark brown, sun-kissed face dimples in the cheeks from her chortles. “But she does not have to know, right?” The girl twists a strand of her black hair in her fingers as she looks up at him through big heavy lashed grey eyes. Whenever Jadis sees Emily, he gives her a little toy or sentimental trinket, but now she is maybe too old for that.
“I may not have tickets for you, but I got your surprise.” He smiles teasingly as he reaches into one of the pockets on his long black overcoat. “You think I’d come without a shock?”
“I’m not a baby anymore. I am coming to your show.” She nods, her voice laced with facetiousness.
“A shy girl like you at my concert. I see how you are around other kids, not interacting. Over my dead body.” He winks at her and pulls out a little pink box smaller than the palm of his hand. It is wrapped in a white bow.
Her brown cheeks flush red as she takes it from him. “Well, I am not shy around you, and you are at the concert. I hate my mom.”
He nods, shaking his head, and wiping his forehead with his glove. “I wish you could come live with me. I’d be a terrible father. Divorce sucks. Your dad is too swamped with his residency right now. He loves you though.”
“My mom would freak if I left.” She pulls her face back as she unties the bow of the small pink box and lifts the lid slowly. A bar of solid gold sits on a white satin pillow inside the box. “Wow! Not shocking this time, but cool. Glad it isn’t a heart that squirts blood in my face this time.” She takes the small, thick gold bar out of the box and examines it under the sunlight. “It shines! I love it! Thank you, Uncle Jade.”
“Uh, yeah, sweetie. It’s good in a post-apocalyptic world.” He looks over at a man with pale and bluish skin shaking and coughing over a trash can while people in protection masks dodge away from him. “Hold on to that. Hope you won’t need it. These fools think the masks protect them.” He shrugs as his mind seems to fall away in thought.
With Forester and Crab on either side of them, Jadis waves at Matt from the opposite side of the street, happy to see his step-brother. Aside from the run-in last night searching out Rocks, it has been a couple of weeks since they have met up. It used to be that they were together nearly every day, especially in high school and then college. Matt is tall like Jadis, but his hair is much lighter.
“Daddy looks happy,” Emily comments. “He is dressed in a Hawaiian shirt Mom gave him before the divorce. How wacked is that? But those khaki pants with Birkenstocks sandals are a good look on him. Better than the stiff suits, you hear what I’m sayin’?”
“Hey, I bought him those suits.” He nudges her with his elbow.
Matt sees Jadis and Emily and meets Jadis’s wave while playfully dismissing his conversation with the newspaper man. He steps off the curb.
“Sir,” the man calls out. “You forgot your sunglasses.” With his thick fingers, he waves the Ray Bans at Matt.
The sun beating down in his eyes, Matt waves sweetly at his daughter and looks back at the newspaper man wearing a protective mask. “Oh, you’re right. I forgot my glasses.” He shakes his head about to step forward to retrieve them.
“Hey!” Jadis screams out to his brother from across the street. “Move back!” A bus is coming fast.
But just as Matt turns around meeting Jadis’s eyes with a smile lighting up his face, the bus slams into him.
“Daddy!” his daughter screams.
Matt’s long lean body smacks the windshield cracking it and flings off onto the middle of the road.
“No!” Jadis yells out. His stomach rolls and bile shoots up his throat into his mouth. “No!”
Crab clutches onto Emily as she screams and holds her mouth in her hands. “Oh Daddy, oh daddy!” She tries to pull away from Crab, but he has orders to guard her, so he will not release her.
Through the uproar, Jadis runs into the boulevard dodging an oncoming car, but it is too late. It is a bloody mess. His brother is dead.
Cars screech to their halts. People rush around, crying, and shouting. One car rear-ends another. Everybody is in panic, hurrying out of restaurants and offices. Sirens sound. Jadis’s heartbeat is so loud he can hear it in his ears. All the other sounds are just background roar, but the pounding of his head is maddening.
As Jadis leans over Matt’s maimed body, Forester comes up behind him and puts his hand on Jadis’s shoulder. He throws his hand off. “This is my fault,” Jadis says passionately a crazed look in his eyes. He spins around and grabs onto Forester’s shoulders and shakes them.
Forester’s face flushes as he nods his head, “It’s gonna be okay, Sir.” He takes Jadis’s hands gently, but without notice, Jadis grabs Forester’s gun from his holster and points it at his own head, backing away from him.
“I’m to blame. I killed my own brother.” He looks over at his niece crying in Crab’s arms, but he cannot set down the gun. He just can’t. It is his fault. In a rush, Forester jumps him, causing Jadis to fall to the ground. In rapid motion, they struggle. Crowds are rush over, while others are rush away because of the weapon. Forester weasels the gun from his hands.
***
Clad in a long champagne gown with dried white roses scattered in her lap, Veronique Paradis sits in her rocking chair watching a film of the tragic bohemian dancer, Shine Doomane, the very woman she named her daughter after nineteen years ago. Once the dance piece cuts out abruptly, she restarts the same black and white footage of Shine Doomane dancing in her white flowing Greek style dress. She plays this over and over. Her eyes fixated on the dreamy images, Veronique’s hand shakes as she takes a long drag off her pink cigarette. “My baby, my beautiful whore.” She puts the cigarette out in the abalone shell beside her on the table stand and walks to the shower.
***
Lost in the dark confines below the stairs in the room that Jadis Bellemet referred to as the dungeon, Shine presses the light switch. Brightness from overhead crystal chandeliers flood the chamber. Her eyes widen as she throws her soft and delicate hand to her open mouth. Sucking in a gasp of air, Shine’s cold blue eyes survey the setting. How can this be? Her body shivers. She cannot believe how Jadis decorated this so-called dungeon.
She surveys the setting, unable to calm herself. There is an antique dark wood four-poster king-size bed with a crimson velvet comforter arranged neatly with a teddy bear resting on a black lace pillow. Her breathing thickens. The walls are painted jet black with blood velvet curtains drawn over small, barred windows. Posters of rock and heavy metal bands and pinup girls of the 1930’s and 40’s haunt the walls. Her stomach rolls. How can this be?
The dungeon looks much too similar to her own childhood bedroom at her parents’ flat in Las Vegas. They both have teddy bears, though his is a bit morbid with its ochre eyes and fangs. An array of vintage pinup girls decorates the cold walls. His selections seem to be a mix of the same and different. There is Betty Grable in a bathing suit with her back to the camera peaking over her shoulder, Ava Gardner in a pinstripe bathing suit on the beach, Marilyn Monroe on a dark pillow clad in a see-through bra with hearts covering the tips, Marie McDonald in a bikini and short shorts and metallic pumps, Jean Harlow in a sultry gown lounging on haystacks. Really the only profound differences in their rooms are the numerous posters of metal rock bands. The Clash, Marylyn Manson, The Doors, Led Zeppelin, Metallica, David Bowie as well as several other lesser-known bands she is not familiar with are dispersed between the pinup girls.
How in the world could Jadis Bellemet have nearly the same room as her? The familiar heat beneath her ribcage begins to burn. It just does not make any sense to her. Could their tastes be this similar? It is unheard of. But a part of her fears the worst. It could not possibly be what she is thinking. Someone so incredibly successful, famous, and rich with women flocking to him from all over the world could not possibly be a stalker. He couldn’t have ever seen her bedroom. She licks her lips and sits down on the blood-colored velvet on the edge of the bed. Oh, my. This just does not make sense.
He sent her down here to this dungeon. Did he want her to see this?
***
Jadis’s mind clouds as he feels the vibrations of his cell phone in his pocket. He ignores the call as he places his hand on the long cold arm of his stepbrother who lies dead on the hospital bed. Matt’s hazel eyes lay partially open as his lips have parted like he has something to say, but never will be able to express the thoughts. His formally handsome face looks washed out and void of soul now. Jadis pulls out several strands of his stepbrother’s light brown hair and places them in his overcoat pocket.
“We should go sir,” Forester says in his low, self-assured tone. He is standing behind the brothers in the back of the cold sterile room watching Jadis with impassive eyes. “Matt’s wife took her daughter and said funeral arrangements will be made. You can give your goodbyes then. The doctors are waiting.”
Jadis’s phone vibrates again. He takes it from his pocket and checks the number. It is Eva Park, the new, young, sable haired “it” girl that everyone is going gaga over. He flips the cell phone open. “Not now,” he says into the receiver about to close it.
“Wait,” a sultry voice expounds. “I’m at the Beverly Hilton. Room 406. I will only be here for an hour before I take off to Paris.”
He considers for a moment. “I’ll be there.” He shuts the phone. After a pause, he leans down and kisses his brother’s cold lips. A burning sensation forms in his chest. “Goodbye mate.” He draws the sheet over his brother’s face.
As he steps away, he slides his hands, laced with thick knuckle rings with sharp metal pointed spikes, into his overcoat pockets. He looks at Forester. “Take me to the pet shop.”
Chapter Four
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
Eva runs her well-manicured hand down the long, lean physique of Jadis Bellemet as they lie in the feathery penthouse bed of the Beverly Hills Hilton. Still wearing his metal spiked knuckle rings, Jadis’s eyes cast on the birdcage across the hotel room beside the mini bar. His lips press together hard as he stares at the parakeet and raven inside. There is a rattling sound coming from the barred enclosure.
A stream of afternoon light casts from the large window over Jadis’s and Eva’s scantily clad bodies. “You are a gorgeous man, Jade. It is a shame you wear all this makeup on your perfect appearance.” She reaches to his face and runs her fingers over the black leather eye mask and tries to remove it.
His silver eye and his emerald eye widen at once like a frightened child peeking through the holes of the mask. He pushes her hand away brusquely and scrambles back to the far side of the bed. “What do you know of matters that run deep, Eva?” His eyes remain wide as his face pales.
“I have plenty of experience.” She rolls onto her back, her silky night gown exposed to the sunlight. “I see that you are hiding for nothing that which is tangible.”
“I do what I want.” He stands up beside the bed and tugs his black leather pants on aggressively. His chest is bare, except for a black rope that hangs decoratively from a neck choker, and the light is highlighting his pale, but well-formed, sinewy muscles. His black hair is rumpled in disarray and purple shadows cast on the exposed skin under his eyes at the open edges of the mask. “Keep your thoughts to yourself. I did not come to be analyzed or pestered. If you do not like the arrangement, I will go elsewhere.” His discolored eyes harden.
She steps out of bed and retrieves her lace wrap and leans up against him, placing her hands on his shoulders in massage. His body stiffens. At that her eyes well. “I do wish you would keep your snakes at home,” she whispers into his ear, glancing at the cage by the mini bar. “The rattle is vexing.”
He does not respond, but only seems to retreat into himself.
In a husky voice, she says, you want another go at it before I leave for Paris?” She reaches her hand around and caresses his arm. “Maybe this time we’ll have success.”
“I don’t think so,” he says abruptly in his gravelly voice. He steps away and takes his t-shirt from the armoire and pulls it over his head careful to not disturb his mask.
She sits her finely shaped body down on the edge of the bed. Her heart palpates at his sternness. She desires more of him, but for the life of her, she sees no way in. He is not emotionally available to women. If only he would allow her more time, possibly she could break through the barriers he holds up so tightly and discover the real Jadis Bellemet. But he says he is bad and dangerous. It is nearly impossible to get him to spend any time with her at all. She thinks he hates himself.
She decides to take a careful tact because she knows he could have any woman he sets his eyes on. If only he desired her more, they would make a perfect couple she surmises. Anyone who dates Jadis Bellemet receives floods of media attention. His former girlfriend, Designa Shelly, hit an unheard-of peak in her career while she dated Jadis. Their pictures were all over the media and the internet and still haunt the tabloids even after the freak accident of her death. A tiny scorpion crawled into her nostril in her sleep and poisoned her brain sending her into madness and then to sudden death.
If only she could take Designa’s place as his girlfriend and then even better as his wife. Her career would have no limits. “Why don’t you come with me to Paris?” She sits up on her knees as she tousles her long black hair with her long burgundy metallic nails. “We can try some fun stuff at La Fosse de Sexe and dine in the Eifel Tower. Maybe you will finally have sex with me.”
Heat rises from his chest, through his neck, and passions his colorless face. His head begins to pound so hard that his hands fly up to his temples involuntarily, pressing hard in a sort of madness. “No!” he exclaims unexpectedly. And then, he is swept up with rage and he slams his fist into the wall breaking the surface.
Her hands catch her open mouth. Nearly tripping over herself, she backs away. Across the room, the raven and the parakeet scurry and flap in the cage, feathers falling on the rattlesnakes below. Jadis’s eyes cast on the cage as he swings his body around. In agony, he grabs his cut hand trying to soothe himself, but the attempt is futile.
“Oh, my stupid brother.” He falls to his knees and slams his head against the marble floor. Eva gasps. Without hesitation as if swept up with psychosis, he rushes over to his pets. In a wave of demons, he opens the thinly barred door on the enclosure and reaches his hand inside.
“Please, Jade! Stop!” Caught up in the vigor of the moment, she flings away her lace shawl and dashes over to him. At once, she throws her body against his chest knocking him to the side with one of the snakes in his hand. He has it firmly by the jaw.
When she sees the rattler, she backs away. Her heart patters rapidly inside her chest. “Oh, please calm down.” Tears stream down her face. “I am here for you. Don’t shut me out.”
The intense pain throbbing in his lacerated hand distracts him. “I can’t do this. Leave me alone woman.” He puts the creature back in the cage and grabs at the parakeet, missing it initially, but on second try grasps it tightly in his hand. As it squirms, he lacerates its neck with the spike on his knuckle ring and rips its body open, pulling out the tiny heart with his fingers. At that, he whispers something, unlocks the cage and tosses its parts inside before closing the latch and walking to the bar.
Eva sighs and walks over to him, taking him back into her arms. Her body shudders at the recollection of his cruelty to the bird. He does not respond to her. She envelops his cheeks in her hands. A part of her hates him.
But he does not like her style or her rosy scent. His disapproving eyes glaze over like thin sheets of ice. “You should stay away from me,” he says. Beads of sweat forming on his forehead, he peels her fingers from his body and pushes her back with a certain force almost hurting her. “You don’t know me. If you did, you would run. I’ll pay for the wall.” At once, he leaves without further explication.
***
Shine is a wreck. She sits on the edge of the red velvet that comforts the bed in Jadis’s dungeon. What the hell am I going to do now? Her mind reels as she wracks her brains for ideas on how she is going to survive this life. So many thoughts. She runs her hand over the long surface of one of the four wooden posts accentuating the simple structure of the king-size bed. It feels smooth and cool against her palm and fingers, very strong and sturdy, perfect craftsmanship.
The television series, Appleville Vampires, she was featured in is soon to air on TV and the internet. It is expected that she will receive some royalties in due time. Depending on how the show does with the public, she will obtain relative compensation. But she doesn’t have high expectations for the series. Most likely she will collect very little reward.
So that means she must get some sort of job immediately. She doesn’t know how long Jadis Bellemet will allow her to stay in his house nor if she even wants to stay in this place. The idea of him replicating her bedroom even if it is a mere coincidence causes her unease. She needs to find work fast.
As much as she would like to deny it, the sparks inside her that yearn to be a star are still ever present. It would be denying her very essence if she were to say she did not have high aspirations. “Shoot for the stars,” has been her motto since childhood and as foolish as it seems to Shine Ambrosia, that remains steadfast in her mind.
Even though lap dancing feels degrading, she relishes the stage. Choreographing and performing her dances before live audiences has proven thrilling. The lights shining on her face and body, the anticipation of the people watching her, the music… In some ways it was like being lost in a euphoric dream.
The performance filled her with passion and life. But it has been difficult to get work as a dancer and in her humiliation, she succumbed to burlesque dancing. Some of her acquaintances were involved and pushed it on her. The media glamourizes the art, but really a part of her was uncomfortable with that. Some of her favorite vintage actresses were burlesque dancers. Her feelings seem mixed. She feels a strange desire within to change her ways. I do not think I am strong enough. I do not know what I want. Burlesque feels like a mix of pleasure and pain. Though she likes it in some ways she never really feels good about herself.
She starts to drift in thought. Nearly two years ago, against her mother’s wishes, Shine vanished to Los Angeles at the age of seventeen with her father, Rocks. She was chosen after entering a teen magazine contest to audition for a minor supporting role in a television series. Even though her father supported her, Veronique was set against it.
When Shine turned seventeen, coming into her womanhood, she and her mother dealt heavily with Rocks’s issues. He had been cheating on Veronique to no end. In the therapy Shine and her mother attended with him, he said he was going to stop. There was an intricate plan of treatment. The violence… Veronique was determined to support him and make everything better. Now in her contemplation, Shine remembers the fire in her mother’s eyes.
Shine, on the other hand, did not feel the same way. She had dark secrets with her father, secrets that her mother could never know, secrets that made her want to tear the flesh from her own skin in repulsion. What she was feeling, was more like confusion. She was not sure, but she needed a distraction and started avoiding her parents as much as she could.
At that time, she began experiencing an almost relentless burning pain in her chest that would not dissipate. The sensation was tormenting and at times worse than others, so she involved herself in the local theater scene and with work at the ballet conservatory as a way to distract herself from what she felt. Nobody could ever know about what Rocks did to her. No—never. At the playhouse and the conservatory, she developed big ambitions. She kept thinking and thinking—what could I do to change things and soothe the heat beneath my ribs?
On a whim, she mailed her photo to a contest she saw in a magazine. The winner got to be in a new teen vampire series called “Appleville Vampires.” She never truly considered the possibility of winning, but she was chosen out of hundreds of thousands of girls to audition. When she received the news, she nearly fainted. Top of the world! If she was cast in the part, it could be her big break from this life.
As she stepped into the hall rushing to tell her mother her great news, she heard Rocks whispering from the bedroom on the telephone in a steamy voice. “Veronique believes we are not seeing each other anymore, so we have to keep it low, babe.” He was crouched over with his back to Shine as she peeked in. His fingers ran through the waves of his copper brown overgrown hair. “Yeah, babe. I know. We will…”
Cold fingers seemed to crawl up Shine’s throat. Rocks had been getting court mandated therapy and her mother was sure he was going to change. After a drunken driving accident, he had gone into rehab and was cleaning up his life. He was diagnosed as a sex addict and was being treated for that too. He was going to get a real job and once he did that, she could quit her sordid work as well. Life was going to be beautiful. No more male customers for Maman and no more other women for Daddy. They were going to live happily ever after like The Brady Bunch at least that was what Veronique thought.
“Enough,” Rocks whispered into the phone. “You’re getting me worked up. I’ll meet you at the motel.”
Shine did not want to hear anymore. She would not allow him to ruin her moment. Her mother would be crushed. She honestly did not think she could handle another heartbreak. After everything, Shine got the impression her mother was maxed out. That was the thing about her—she loved like she was on fire. There was always this burning desperation inside her and no matter what man she was with, she was loving him like he was Cary Grant or any other of her favorite leading men vintage film stars.
Quite shaken, Shine stepped into the kitchen where Veronique was sitting nervously at the round wooden table covered with a red and white checkered cloth. Her blonde hair fell over the side of her delicate face while she smoked a cigarette and watched a Rita Hayworth film on their mini television that sat off to the side on the counter. Like Shine, she was a little taller than average height, about five feet seven or eight inches, and thin with just the right amount of plumpness in all the right spots.
“Walk only on the newspapers,” she snapped at her daughter in her French accent as she stepped into the room. “One of your uncles got so perturbed that he hired someone to put poison on the linoleum. Trying to kill us—the wretch. He’s infuriated that I won’t take him anymore. When I strode across the floor, I felt a tingling sensation on my toes this morning. And imagine after all the love I gave him he would commit such an evil.” She always called her customers uncles.
Nodding, Shine sucked in a bitter breath and walked over the trail of papers. Glancing over at her mother’s deep blue Mediterranean eyes that seemed more dilated than they ought to be, she stepped beside the television. She wanted to turn it off but did not dare.
Veronique pressed her knuckles against her lips, her eyes unwavering from the screen. Though her eyes were also blue, they were darker and rounder than Shine’s almond shaped ice blue eyes.
“I have news,” Shine managed to say, watching her mother’s pale hand shake as it held the cigarette.
“Not now, my quail. Come watch this show with me.” She glanced at her daughter’s face. “My, my,” she sighed with a sudden incongruent adoration. “You look even prettier than Rita. Your frost blue eyes are like jewels,” she said looking back at the television while holding her hand out to Shine. “And you have a body that men can only dream about. My little virgin princess.”
Shine’s pale cheeks flushed as she took her mother’s hand and sat down next to her trying to brush thoughts of the time her father sold her for money, but her heart felt like it was twisting beneath her chest. Virgin. A part of her wanted to tell her about Rock’s woman on the phone and… even about what her husband had been doing all these years, but she could not do that. No, never. She would despise me if she were to learn how vile I am. And with everything her mother had been through she judged it best to allow her to live in her fantasies.
“I want you to marry a classy young man, someone who will take good care of you, a man of means and integrity.” She glanced away from the TV and blinked several times as she looked into her cool eyes. “You are my baby. I will always love you.” She ran her finger across her lower lip. “You should let your hair grow back to its natural color. Who could fathom a blonde dying her hair black?”
Shine ran her delicate fingers down her raven hair as she bit the inside of her cheek. Why was she talking like this? “Maybe I will,” Shine said, rubbing her palms against her jeans. “But Meryl Oberon had black hair. She’s one of your favorite old time American movie stars.”
“Yes, exquisite Oberon.” She looked down at her bare legs peeking out of her pale pink robe. The skin on her calves was surprisingly smooth and firm. “Your father loves me again,” she whispered, a gleam touching her eyes. She looked back at Rita Hayworth on the mini television. Mother could never get enough vintage films to satiate her. “Our lives are going to be beautiful now. Just wait.” She pressed her hand against the center of her chest like she was holding in that fire that burned so fiercely inside her.
Shine’s body tensed as she looked down at her own fingers that were fidgeting in her lap. “I wanted to tell you something.”
“Go ahead,” she responded, inhaling on her cigarette.
Oh, why was this so difficult to say? Clearing her throat, she intertwined her fingers absent mindedly and folded them backwards, cracking her knuckles. “That contest I told you I sent my photo to…”
“Yes,” she mumbled interrupting her daughter as she blew smoke out of her mouth while not taking her eyes off the screen. To Shine, it seemed like Veronique was in another place now. She always found it unfathomable how she seemed to enter other worlds of consciousness like nobody else existed in the world, but her and her thoughts.
“I was picked to audition for their TV series. It’s a teen vampire show.”
Veronique bit the edge of her lip and glanced over at her. “Actresses are prostitutes.”
“What?” Shine gasped, surprised that she was even paying attention to her.
“You stay away from that. You hear me?” Her whole demeanor changed as she wagged her cigarette at her.
Shine saw that her dark deep pupils had shrunken to tiny pin dots. Involuntarily Veronique’s head seemed to shake side to side in protestation. “But Mother…” Shine could feel and see the fine, barely visible blonde hairs on her arms lifting.
She cut her off. “God has big plans for us. And now that your father has cleaned up…” She glared and her lips trembled. “The answer is no, one hundred percent no.”
“You can’t do that.” Oh, that made her so angry. Her mother had some nerve. Shine got up and stood in front of the television. She felt like that fire inside of her mother had spread to her. I should take a step back and breathe… but this is too important to me. “I’m going,” she said, crossing her arms over her chest.
“You naughty girl.” Her mother’s voice was low and heavy as she put her cigarette out in the ash tray on the table. She started shaking even more now and kept licking her lips as she stood up and walked over to Shine. She turned off the TV.
They were face to face now. As far as Shine could perceive, she was just trying to ruin her life even more than it already was. She’s completely against me. How can she watch all those old-time movies like they are her religion and then have the mind to say movie stars are prostitutes? It is so clear who the prostitute is.
“I won’t have it,” she said in a cold, firm tone. At that, her bloodshot eyes bulged, Shine could smell something sour on her breath and then she slapped Shine in the face. Her cheek stung. “Hollywood makes whores.”
“You’re a whore,” Shine screamed at her, tears rolling down her face. “You… you.” She pointed at her tapping her sternum above her buxom chest.
Veronique grabbed a frying pan off the counter. Her daughter’s eyes widened in horror. She would not! “No!” Shine yelled out.
But before Shine could stop her, she slammed the pan across the girl’s face. Oh, the pain was intense. Shine crumbled to the floor. Her entire head rang and felt like a train had hit her. Everything went blank.
There was what sounded like a loud scream of bloody murder. Shine heard the patter of feet coming toward her; her eyes opened hazily. Rocks rushed in, his tall, thin, slightly muscular body coming at her, his copper, shaggy, overgrown hair flying out to the sides as he ran. In the blur she saw he was dressed in distressed jeans and a flannel shirt with bare feet. He knelt on the floor and took Shine into his arms, stroking her face softly. “My baby girl.”
Shine looked into his cinnamon brown eyes and saw a tear roll down his unshaven cheek. Everything had changed in her. It was like she had so much hate she did not know what to do with it. It was like her fire had spread to her soul, but she just curled up into a tight ball on the ground and rocked to and fro.
Her mother hovered over them. “What’s that smell?” she demanded. “The devil hopes.” Shine knew what she was doing. Even though her head was tucked inside her body, she knew she was sniffing Rock’s fingers like she had a hundred times before. She could feel the blood run from her face like it was her own skin, leaving it pale and pasty. Shine looked up at her mother to see her cover her mouth like she was going to vomit. Without further word, Veronique ran to the bedroom.
Shine decided to leave after that but looking back she wished she would have just given in because maybe she would not feel responsible for how it all turned out. Maybe they would still have a relationship with each other. She believed she should have tried to help her instead of chasing after her own dreams, but at the time all she felt was fury and like she would die, like her chest would burn up, if she did not at least try. More than anything in the world, she wanted to make something of herself. She wanted to be a star.
It was Shine’s dream to make it as a star and earn enough money to support her mother and father financially. She felt that all their problems stemmed from a lack of money. If she could make it big time, then her mother could quit her unsavory job and her father could reform his sordid lifestyle. Even though her mother was set against Shine’s plans, Shine felt determined to save her family at any cost.
After going to Hollywood to audition, Shine ended up landing the part. It was a small role with limited screen time. It was not enough to support her and her unpredictable, unstable, and often disappearing father, so she decided to work as a dancer on the side.
She felt she had an edge in the dancing world because of her striking glamour girl looks with black styled hair and pale skin that juxtaposed so sharply to the typical blonde, suntanned Barbie Dolls that tended to overpopulate that arena in sunshiny Los Angeles. Because her image was different, she felt she could use that contrast to her advantage. It wasn’t only her looks that gave her an edge. Her background in classical ballet gave her a sort of grace and subtle charm that the other girls did not possess with their trainings mostly in hip hop or club dancing.
But lately she started having trouble with her manager at the dance club and he hurt her. Now with the filming of the television series over and after giving up her dancing job, she found herself in a desperate situation of only having ten dollars to her name.
During Shine’s stay in Los Angeles, Veronique refused most of her daughter’s calls even though Shine made regular cash deposits in her mother’s bank account. She just needed time to clear her head and sort through all her childhood skeletons. Shouldn’t her mother understand that? But Veronique did not think Shine had any skeletons.
With the acting and dancing experience she aspires to pave her way to bigger and better career opportunities. In time, she might be able to make a better life for their family. It was worth a try.
Lost in her thoughts, she hears someone descending the stairs. Her body tenses. “Who’s there?” she calls out.
“Hello, little lady,” a feminine voice calls out. It sounds like an older woman is calling out from the top of the stairs. “It’s Ms. White, the housekeeper.”
Shine bites her lower lip and waits, wondering what is going to happen next.
The woman is tall and thin with a neat black bun on her head. She is maybe in her late forties or early fifties. She steps into the dungeon holding bags from a high-end department store. “Mr. Bellemet asked me to bring you this apparel since you do not have any clothes of your own with you. They are a gift.”
“I have some stuff in the car. No need for this,” Shine says, waving her away, her cheeks turning the slightest pink.
“Dear me. Mr. Bellemet already bought the items, so you might as well enjoy. He has remarkable taste.” She holds the bags up to her.
“No, no—I can’t take them,” she insists, pushing the apparel away from her body.
“We won’t take no for an answer around here.” The woman smiles and sets the bags on the bed. “Taw taw.”
Before Shine can refuse further, the woman rushes off and back up the stairs.
With a sigh, Shine slides the apparel wrapped in black tissue from the bags and sets the neatly wrapped bundles atop the velvet comforter. She removes the delicate gold stickers shaped in the form of rosebuds from the sleek wrapping. Now she has two fairly large piles of what appear to be fine fabrics.
On top are two bras, one satin and black with silver stitching and another of gold with pearl inlay along the edges of the cups. Oh, my. Her cheeks heat. She tries to recall if Ms. White said Jadis bought these items or if he sent someone else to make the selections. The bras are so striking and bold, of designer brands so expensive she would never dream of purchasing. She sets them down on top of the velvet bedspread. Beneath the bras are several panties, three gold and three black, of the same finish and designs matching the braziers.
She blinks several times and looks beneath the panties to discover two nightgowns with matching robes of the same style as the undergarments. One is black satin and lace with spaghetti straps and a silver crisscross front. The other is gold with the same pearl inlay as the paired bra and panties. Entirely elegant and tasteful. Her breathing shallows. They have a vintage look which is her intended statement to the world. How does he know that?
She touches her neck and rakes her fingers down her delicate skin. Her step cousin has some nerve, she decides. Who does he think he is buying me such intimate wear? She sifts through the second pile, her blood thundering through her body as she holds up a black velvet dress with a cream-colored petty coat and lace protruding from beneath. Does the clown actually expect me to wear this for his own personal entertainment? The rest of the items are all either black, white, or red, mostly slacks and blouses also of high-end brands, utterly alluring with a touch of gothic style mixed with vintage flare. There’s even some sporty plaid—very retro.
“I can’t take this stuff,” she says out loud, feeling barely able to contain herself. Her thoughts burn all the way down to the depths of her belly. Gathering up all the garments in her arms, she sets them in a pile atop an intricately carved sailor’s chest placed at the end of the four-post bed. Her thoughts prick like needles inside her head as she imagines herself clad in the golden pearly bra and panties as Jadis’s long fingers reach with black polished nails and trail indolently across her stomach. She takes in a menacing breath.
What am I doing here? She lays her head upon the pillow and tries to calm herself. Whoa this pillow is soft. So comfortable and dreamy.
A stretch of time passes, and she yawns. It has been a tough night. Involuntarily she yawns. He probably just sent some sort of servant to buy this stuff. It is not personal to me. But it has that hint of the 1940’s and the 1950’s that is so her and her statement. It is not personal to me. She repeats this in her mind and decides to go with that but sets herself on returning the items to him the next time they cross paths.
After a few minutes, her eyes grow heavy. She struggles to stay awake, rolling over on her side gazing at a photograph of the 1950’s sex symbol, Betty. Her dark bondage style and black bullet bra intrigues her for a moment before her mind trails back to more imminent problems, her career path.
How the hell is she going to make money to survive and get out of this place? She cannot just stay here weeks on end. Would he even let her? He said she could stay for a short while. She yawns again looking up at the dungeon light. As much as she wants to form a concrete plan, with everything that she has been through the weariness overtakes her and she falls asleep.
***
Jadis’s mind is a haze. Once he is in his mansion, he hardly knows what he is doing. His brother is dead. It just cannot be. He can feel the blood pulsating in his temples. The pain is throbbing and rhythmic like a demented song. If he could find the mental space, now would be the time to write the lyrics for his next musical crescendo. Sometimes in moments of pain, miracles unfold in his mind, but not now. He just cannot go to that world.
Before he knows what he is doing, he inexplicably finds himself stumbling down the stairs toward the place he calls the dungeon. The reckless way he descends might give the impression of a drunkard, but Jadis has not touched a drink or any other substance. He is perfectly sober though he feels like he is on some crazy high or is it a low—he cannot say.
The lights from the dungeon are visible as he grasps the rail. How did those turn on? His mind is so scrambled that he has no recollection of lending the space to his step cousin. He simply wants to crawl into his childhood bed. The dungeon is decorated with his youthful belongings that he had transported from his mother’s home years back. The items are from his teenage years. Everything in that room is sentimental, maybe in a convoluted way, and somehow comforting to him even though his younger years were anything but secure.
His painted forehead beads with perspiration. He feels the rhythms of his heart in his chest. Taking the last step, he trips and tumbles to the floor.
Though asleep, Shine moves in the king size bed. Pulling himself up, Jadis does not see her shift her position under the velvet comforter. She is fast asleep and fully covered the way she usually sleeps, like a child nestled from head to toe under the blanket.
With heavy eyelids, he lights the candelabra on his dresser out of habit. He always sleeps in candlelight like a baby who needs his nightlight to scare off the monsters hiding in the closet. Still in his mask and makeup, he flips off the main light and strips out of his leather, tassels, and cape. The dungeon has a shadowy glow. Naked and chilled, he crawls into the bed beside Shine, the velvet comforter sliding caressingly over his bare body.
Chapter Five
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
Exhausted, Betty Walsh arrives home from a long trying day at Creative Talents, the top agency that represents the biggest players in the entertainment industry. She is secretary to Michael Collier, the owner and one of the biggest power moguls on the scene. He’s relentless. The middle-aged married man has been heavy on the flirtations.
Her small one-bedroom apartment has all light hardwood floors that causes for a lot of sound as she walks over to the furniture. Kicking off her guayule rubbery heels, she tosses her feather clutch and white leather briefcase on the cheaply made, but stylish, pink faux leather sofa and flops down in her white office suit on the matching love seat. At the moment, lost in thought, she is oblivious to her well-crafted beauty and how breathtaking, yet fake she looks lounging on the pink leather like a supermodel in a fashion flash.
Blinking her heavily lashed hazel eyes several times, she takes off the lavender colored scarf tied around her neck and tosses it atop the glass coffee table that rests on a pink throw rug. Betty exhales and gazes across the living room at the gold framed mirrors on the walls.
Why are men such jerks? She wonders, thinking of her boss, Michael Collier, at work. He usually wears a designer suit, is of medium height, of average build, with a mix of brown and gray short hair. In her opinion, Mr. Collier is neither handsome, nor ugly. She considers him to have average looks with small brown eyes, thin lips, a high forehead, and a slightly large nose. For an older man, his hair is rather thick.
He invited her over to his house next week. She is supposed to give her opinions on a movie script he told her to read. The idea of going to his mega mansion in Malibu Beach seems absurd. Even though he is married, she fears he has other intentions, but if she denies him, she could lose her job and possibly her ability to ever work again in the industry. He is a very powerful man and very well connected.
She tosses her blonde hair off her thin shoulder and gets up off the pink sofa. In a daze, she glances at her mobilex. Josh, a film editor she met some time ago, has left her five text messages. She already told him she was seeing someone else, but he just will not let up.
Deleting the messages, she heads to the kitchen to make a salad for dinner before she will hit the exclusive clubs with her friends. That is always fun because she has special privileges of entry due to her connection with Michael. This is one of the big perks of her position at Creative Talents. She feels powerful walking to the front of the lines at the clubs and throwing out Michael Colliers name to the bouncers. Yup, she is on the list and gets in as smooth as cream.
The kitchen is old and outdated, not Betty’s taste in the slightest. The walls are painted yellow, and the counters are of white linoleum with oak cabinets above and below. Inexpensive white tiles cover the floor. As soon as she makes more money, she wants to leave this apartment and dreams of living in a more luxurious place with all the modern technologies and finery.
As she washes the romaine lettuce in a pink bowl that she places in the sink, she thinks about Jadis Bellemet. He is the hottest man alive. She fantasizes about last night. He made her body feel better than it has ever felt in her life. Whoa, he is amazing, better than drugs.
Words expressed. What did he mean? Like a movie playing in her mind thoughts flash through her head in scenes of their time together. “I love yellow eyes,” Jadis mumbled under his breath as he drew an arrow on the inside, soft skin of her arm with his long black fingernail. Her limbs feel limp and trembly from the memory. Why did he say that? My eyes are hazel. Does he think my eyes are yellow?
But then he said a little later, “Your greenish eyes are beautiful.” Her body tingled all over when he said that, but now she is not sure what he likes. Is he messing with me?
It was the third time she got together with him though she has been chasing after him for nearly a year. One of the reasons she took this job was because Michael Collier represents Jadis and The Strollers. She has been secretly in love with the image of Jadis since she saw him in a music video in high school. She knew he was her best friend Shine Ambrosia’s step-cousin. Maybe it was the intrigue of the possibility of meeting him someday through the Ambrosias that instigated her crush. It seemed probable that she might run into him at their apartment or a family even that she tagged along with Shine to, but that never occurred.
Soon after she was hired at his talent agency, she got another girl in the office to introduce them. Woopydo! Fire rockets went off in her mind.
But she is not sure of Jadis’s level of interest in her. For some reason he will not sleep with her. This confuses her because men always want sex. She hopes he is not homosexual. The country is so divided with so much homosexuality that it seems difficult to find a guy who can commit to a woman. She wants to have a baby, but so many women cannot get pregnant anymore with all the chemicals additives in the food, cosmetics, and household products. It seems to her that she should start trying while she is young to increase her chances. Oh, I am getting ahead of myself!
Jadis seems a bit distant like his mind is on other things. She wonders what it is. Like some of the other musicians she has dated, he is hardly ever available. It is just part of the business. She tries to calm herself with rationalizations like this. He is the kind of man she could never give up. I want to have his kids. These days it would be almost a miracle to get pregnant and hold the baby full term though. But Jadis has connections and the elites of the world always find their ways.
***
As Jadis lies in bed naked, oblivious to the fact that his step cousin is sleeping on the other side of the mattress, his mind feels foggy. If he were not so entirely distraught and preoccupied, he surely would notice the fine woman tucked under the velvet comforter only a couple feet away from him. The events of the day are strangling his mind. Matt had his whole life ahead of him. He wanted to be a surgeon and was in his second year of medical school. If given the chance he could have saved so many lives. He had skillful hands and recognized the minutest details which would have gifted him in the work of a surgeon. Now it is all lost; his brother is dead, and his poor daughter is fatherless.
It feels like too much to bear. In the warm, dim glow of the dungeon, Jadis lays on his back staring into the darkness that hovers over the high reaching ceiling. A cold chill settles in the pit of his stomach as he lays motionless, the velvet covers tucked over his chest and below his lithe, muscular arms. The only comfort he feels is the contradiction of the soft and rough caresses of the red fabric. Velvet has always held an appeal to him.
Jadis pulls the velvet over his head. He too likes to sleep in a cocoon of fabric, completely covered. He picked that up as a teen hiding under torn cardboard boxes in alleys as tiredness overtook him on those lonely, estranged nights. As a homeless young man, it was vital not to be seen or else trouble would surely arise. Street gangs, sexual predators, and thieves were constant threats. He rolls on his side pulling his long legs up to his chest trying to forget, attempting to remember why he became a rockstar in the first place.
Aside from the obvious fact that he has always loved music and the intricacies of sound, it was the promise of escape. The power. With all this money he could live in the illusion of safety. Nobody could hurt him if he were of the elite, the rich, the powerful, the famous. Yet, here he was, wishing he were dead. His heart seems to slide up his throat. He does not deserve life.
Thus far, Shine has remained perfectly still in her sleep, but now she rolls over in the bed and flops her arm over Jadis’s cool naked body. “What the hell!” Jadis sits up in the bed, startled to the point of his mind flashing white, blinding his thoughts and momentarily taking him away from conscious coherence.
Shine still does not awake. Instead, she rolls in closer to him and holds him heating his bare flesh, her head nestled against the crevice of his hipbone. “I’m gonna marry you,” she mumbles in a whisper, licking her dry lips.
“Damn!” he says under his breath instantly remembering how he told Shine she could sleep in the dungeon. I’m gonna marry you? He chuckles wryly. He has possibly the most beautiful woman in the world, baby soft skin, jet black silky hair, curvaceous, lean body like Jessica Rabbit nearly pressed up against his body. He has never seen a woman as hot as Shine.
Holy maggots—she’s my step-cousin. What the carcass? I can’t mess around with this girl. What would family think?
But somehow, he cannot push her away. If she wakes up to this, she’ll hate me. She’ll think I’m trying to rape her. I gotta get out of this bed. His thoughts are interrupted as his senses engage. Whoa! Beguiled, he grins lazily down at her. She smells like cinnamon, vanilla, and… heaven. Mother of hell.
He puts his hand on her shoulder gently and tries to roll her off his hip. His head sways, his hair falling over his face. This is too much. His back arches slightly as his lips split into a huge grin. Damn, he wants to take her right now. Even in her sleep. What a loser I am. I’ve gotta get out of here.
With that in mind, Jadis lifts Shine’s shoulders and then her head off his body. Her silky raven hair feathers over his bare skin. The satin of her nightgown shifts exposing more than he should see. Her head tilts back in his arms. Her pillow lips are slightly parted. Dang this woman sleeps heavy. He recalls what a deep sleeper she was the other night when he carried her back to his mansion after she passed out in her father’s Kung Tzx. With all the self-restraint he can muster, he lays her head down on the pillow and slides out of the bed.
But just as he stands up, naked, Shine’s eyes pop open and she turns her head on the pillow to see Jadis standing beside the bed facing her. “What in the world!” She sits up fast staring at him in the dim candlelight. “What are you doing?”
“It’s not like it looks.” He suppresses a grin, fire dancing in his eyes.
“To hell it isn’t.” She crawls out onto the floor on the other side of the bed in a rush and grabs his long black cape that is draped over a chair and wraps it over her. “What the heck is this?” She looks down and feels the fabric of his coat over her. “Where’s my robe?” Her voice is demanding as she throws the cape off her like it is corroded. “Gross.” Then she recalls that her robe, the expensive satin one, came from his wallet, so she stands beside the bed in the sheer white gown. She realizes that the white gown is also his, so she huffs in indignation and then scowls at his naked body before her. Her breath hitches as she struggles internally.
He is staring at her with his arms crossed over his well-formed naked chest. One eyebrow raises like he is enjoy some inner joke. But his head starts to pound as his eyes cast down to the floor.
“I see,” she says looking at him icily, pretending she is unaffected. “So, this is what all this lingerie and clothing is about?” She swallows the hot lump that has formed in her throat as she considers the circumstances struggling with making a decision.
His eyes widen. “No.” He takes a step back. “What?” With that, he walks around the bed and grabs his leather pants from the chair and tugs them on. “I didn’t know you were in the bed.”
She watches him with hawk eyes. “You told me to sleep in here.”
“Yeah, well…” He pulls his t-shirt over his head and slides his arms into the holes. “I forgot.” With that in mind, he grins and then cocks his head to the slide like he is examining her.
“You forgot?” Her breathy voice raises a notch.
“It’s been a tough day.” It seems his expression is impassive now, but he is still watching her.
She crosses her arms. “A tough day?” Her tone is sarcastic.
Yesssssssssss…” His voice seems to soften almost like a snake slithering through a lullaby, but then she is confused because his tone turns more matter of fact than a song should be. “Yeah.” A hint of pompousness. He reaches over and grabs his overcoat.
“So, you are just leaving?” Her head shakes involuntarily side to side. “Is this some sort of kinky fetish for you getting naked and climbing into people’s beds while they are sleeping?” She tries not to ridicule, uncrossing her arms.
“Yes.” His voice catches. “But I won’t do it again. It is usually just a one-time thing. Then I move to the next victim.”
She is not sure, but it looks like his face flushes. “At least it’s not a shoe fetish.” She grins lightly. “I caught another guy licking the insides of my crisscross pumps.”
He runs his fingers through his dark hair. “At least it’s not a shoe fetish.” His low voice seems monotone.
“Another guy used to steal my thigh-high stockings after I wore them. The smellier they were the better.” She sighs. “So, I don’t have to sleep with you for room and board?” Her voice sounds hopeful.
With that in mind, he gasps. “No.” He shakes his head grimacing. “No sleeping with me. I am totally satisfied. I got everything I needed. Just came back from the harem.” He looks sideways through the corner of his eye at her. “And just for that, you can stay in my house longer. No more intrusions.”
“Really?” She tries to read his expression. She is not sure, but she gets the feeling he seems almost puzzled.
He nods, blinking down at her.
“So, what’s with the clothes?” Her arms cross over her chest again.
“Clothes?” he asks holding onto the edge of the dresser looking debonair in the candlelight with his dark silhouette of gothic attire.
“Yes, those.” She points at the pile upon the chest at the end of the bed.
“I don’t know anything about those.” His hands slide into the pockets of his overcoat as he leans back on one heel.
“Aren’t they from you?” Her pale blue eyes narrow speculatively.
“I don’t know anything about them. Should I?” He picks up a bullet bra dangling it before his face and grins wickedly.
“I don’t know.” Her voice lifts and she sits on the bed.
Still dangling the vintage style bra, his cell phone rings. He looks at the face and drops the brazier on the bed. “I gotta take this call,” he says abruptly as he starts heading out of the room. “If you need anything, just ask Ms. White in the kitchen. She will make your meals.” He fishes around in his pocket and distractedly hands her a folded piece of paper. Without further explication he walks away taking his call.
She unfolds the paper. It looks like Betty’s handwriting and seems to be her phone number. Please call!!! She scribbled in pink ink. Shine chuckles and types the number into her cell. Even though Shine tried to contact Betty after she left Vegas, she feels guilty that she gave up trying to reach her. A part of her also feels a little resentful that Betty did not put in more effort. There were times that she felt like she really needed her friend but had no idea how to contact her.
The phone rings several times before Betty picks up. “Hello?” she says in a soft voice that seems so different than Shine remembers.
“Hi. Betty?”
“Yes, this is she.”
“Oh, Betty, it’s Shy.”
Her tone lifts a notch. “Shy! Wow! I am so glad you called.” She sounds more like the childhood friend she remembers.
Shine takes in a breath and tries to sound cheerful. “Yes, it’s good to be back in touch.”
She giggles. “Oh, you have to come out with me tonight!”
“Tonight?” Her voice is hesitant as she looks at the vintage bra on the mattress.
“Yes, I am going to take you out with the rich and famous. This is your big chance with the stars. Dimash Kudaibergen is going to be there! Oh, and Chris Hemsworth too.”
Shine swallows. “I don’t think I’m up for that kind of excitement. I’m broke and have to focus on getting a job.”
“All the more reason to come. You might be able to land something good with these movers and shakers.” Shine can almost hear her friend smiling on the phone. “I’ll lone you some money, girl, but I am not taking no for an answer. I’ll pick you up in a half hour.”
At that, Shine’s eyes widen.
And before she can answer, Betty says, “Hurry! Get ready!” Without a reply, she hangs up.
Chapter Six
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
Her eyes drift over to the sexy lingerie and elegant vintage style clothing on the wooden chest at the end of the bed in the dungeon, but she turns away and heads to the adjoining bathroom, deciding to take a shower before Betty arrives. She wonders why Jadis Bellemet denies giving her the apparel. Didn’t Ms. White say the items were from him and that he has impeccable taste? Was she lying? Did she hear her wrongly? Or possibly… Was Jadis lying? If so, why in the world would either of them distort the truth? Could the clothing be from somebody else? Oh, it all did not make any sense.
As she enters the restroom, her fingers rake through the raven waves of her hair. She glances in the mirror over the sink. Her skin has a naturally baby fresh look, but her ice blue eyes look bloodshot and there appears to be a light purple cast on the soft skin below her lashes. Her emotions seem frazzled. She is not doing okay.
Biting her nails, she looks around at the space. It is a lovely black and white checkered bathroom with black towels neatly folded in two piles on the white marble counters. Her body feels tired and heavy, but she manages to pull the black curtain from the claw foot bathtub. Oh, it is pretty. There is no denying that. She loves the style of this tub. The basin is basic white but has obsidian stones engraved on the sides. Such a nice touch.
Even though she only has a half hour before her friend arrives, she needs to pull herself together, relax, and unwind. With her mind in chaos, she must sort things out and especially she must give thought to her mother. That terrible burning sensation she experienced so much as a child heats in the center of her chest.
Even if she wanted to wear makeup and set her hair for the night, she could not because her primping materials are still at her mother’s apartment. In a sense, she finds this to be an oddly pleasant excuse to just throw on one of the outfits Ms. White left. After her shower she can simply rake her fingers through her hair and leave. It won’t be her signature vintage style in complete, but with the new 1950’s A line dress, she will hint at Hedy Lamar especially if she wears the white fur cropped coat that must be from Jadis because who else would it be from?
Sucking in a breath, she slips out of her lingerie and steps in the bathtub, turning on the water as she thinks of Veronique. The center of her chest grows even fierier while a hot burst of pain flares through her body. How could she do such a thing? She thinks back to her early years, how she was born in such a shocking way.
The warm water showers over her body. A part of her, overrun with fatigue, simply wants to lay down on the basin floor and sleep, but she places her hand on the wall for balance and lets the shower take its course as she thinks. As far as she is concerned, she was destined to become a dancer because she was born in a burlesque bar called The Crazy Horse in Paris where her mother worked as a cocktail waitress. From Shine’s point of view, people born in clubs cannot help but thrive in the night scenes. I have no choice—I am a performer through and through.
She shakes her head as she ruminates on Veronique Paradis. Her mother was an average looking French woman with a similar, ordinary face to hers. In Shine’s opinion, neither she nor Veronique were ugly, but she would not exactly call either of them naturally beautiful. She had natural blonde hair like Shine, but unlike Shine’s youthful features, her face, even as a young woman, was lined with wrinkles from tough times around her heart-shaped mouth and at the outer corners of her dark blue eyes.
Her mother had a troubled youth. Veronique’s mother ran off. Shortly thereafter, her father remarried and moved away with his new wife, leaving Veronique and her sister, Corinne, with relatives. Her throat tightens as the water of the shower cascades over her body. Even with Veronique’s history of abandonment, instability, and rejection, Shine still cannot understand why she made the life choices she did.
Images of Maman standing before her in the hallway holding a knife flash into her mind. Her mother looked at her with such loathing before she charged at her. What was she thinking at that moment? Shine slides her hand through her wet hair. Did she plot for years on killing me? Or was it just a spontaneous ambition? Her stomach knots so tightly that she feels a sharp piercing sensation. Unexpectedly, she crumbles over onto her knees upon the basin of the tub and holds her face, water rushing over her, in her hands.
I will never get over her. Her mother’s voice haunts her now like an old record played backwards that gives ode to the devil. “I am going to kill you.” She can hear her like a demon in her mind. “You are a whore.”
After some moments, her body relaxes, and she takes the pale-yellow bottle of shampoo. She opens the triangular cap. Air releases from her throat. Mother, mother, mother… She begins to analyze their relationship, rubbing honey and lemon fragranced cleanse through her hair, creating a bubbly froth.
In her opinion, the fragile woman must have been in denial that she was pregnant with Shine. From what her Aunt Corinne told her, during her prenatal period, Maman wore tight corsets to hide the baby growing inside her from the world and possibly from herself. Experienced with lacing, she drew her corset tight at first to just over sixteen inches and then as the months progressed, she laced to eighteen, twenty, twenty-two and then in her seventh month twenty-four inches. Her waist before she was carrying and without a corset was twenty-five inches so one can imagine a seven-month pregnant woman lacing up to twenty-four inches could not be good for her developing fetus.
One late night she was having some bad cramps while at work. She was serving a dark ruby Bordeaux, red like warm blood in a crystal wine glass to a man in a business suit. He smiled at her, anxious to get intoxicated. Then her water broke two months early. According to her aunt Corinne, just as he was about to take the glass, the crystal shattered against the table and fell to the floor like a hundred sparkling lights dripping in crimson liquid, scenting the warm air in cassis and spice.
And then, seconds later, Shine’s mother screamed in pain. She clutched her abdomen and supposedly, all at once, Shine slid out of her body in an unctuous mess straight through her miniskirt and panties right there on top of the shards of glass. Kerplunk. She was tiny and underdeveloped, covered in blood and fluid. Her aunt Corinne told her that the tight lacings on the corsets Veronique had been wearing kept her little and pushed her out early.
The manager of Crazy Horse, a tall, broad-shouldered man, with a moustache, helped Shine and her mother to the hospital, carrying Veronique out to the cab like a limp rag doll with her long blonde hair spilling over his arms while Corine carried Shine with the umbilical cord still attached and hanging between them. The faces on the medical team were shocked. Yelling and chaos evoked.
But once in the emergency room, the surgeons stitched up her puncture wounds from the chards, sewed up her heart that had some sort of irregularity that was not clear to Corine, and nursed the infant to maturity. For all practical reasoning, the doctors never expected Shine to live, but by miracle she survived.
Veronique pretended she was unaware of her pregnancy, so the doctors refrained from calling the authorities in regards to her unacceptable use of tight corsets. Even though she was a bit weak, she pulled through in relatively good health and named her baby Shine Bordeaux after the tragic dancer Shine Duncan and the French wine she was serving when she slid out. I have to wonder if my name is a curse.
Shine Duncan, with her elegance and Bohemian beauty lived a tragic life. In 1913 her two young children drowned in Paris when their car plunged into the Seine. Though seriously injured in the accident, Shine recovered only to be strangled to death in Nice while driving her new sports car. The mammoth red silk scarf she often wore as a tribute to communism blew out into the sea breeze and tangled in the rear hubcap. The soft fabric wrapped around the axle, cinching her as she was pulled out onto the cobblestone road where she was killed.
Her aunt Corinne was completely against both names. As far as she was concerned Shine was an ill-fated title and Bordeaux was a symbol of the blood in the glass that cut her little body in twelve spots. “You can’t name your daughter after a foredoomed woman and an alcoholic beverage!” she exclaimed, wiping the perspiration off her brow. Her protestations were all cluttered up in her mind, but somehow, she managed to express herself.
Veronique’s face paled momentarily. As the two of them stood over the hospital incubator the infant rested in, Corinne begged her sister to change both appellations. But Veronique shook her head in disapproval. At the time she was flipping a shiny coin in her delicate fingers. According to Aunt Corinne, her eyes looked vacant as she said, “There are two sides to every franc. Just matters how you flip it.”
Upon hearing this story from Corinne, Shine hoped there was wisdom in her statement. But Corinne was stewing inside. Her aunt frowned and huffed. She knew Veronique Paradis was a stubborn woman and if she had her mind set, nobody could do a thing to change it.
Suppressing her frustration, Corinne lifted the top of the incubator to touch Shine’s little face as the nurse had allowed them. “Oh, you are such a doll,” she whispered, but then as she observed her niece, chills overtook her. Her body began to tremble. She said the baby’s eyes were already wide open like that of an older child. According to her, it was ghastly eerie how the newborn stared at her mother like she was frightened.
Shine thinks to herself. Really Maman should have named me Burden because now that she had a baby, she couldn’t work, and I am sure she blames me. The more I consider, the more I realize, Maman has likely always wanted me to die.
After they returned home from the hospital, Veronique fell down the stairs in her apartment building. She hit her head and broke her knee. From what Shine was told, her mind seemed even more scattered after that. But then there was Shine’s father. Corinne called him herself because Veronique refused. Rudolf Ambrosia, the man responsible for the birth of Shine was American and when she told him about his new little daughter, he immediately sent them tickets to Las Vegas.
Standing underneath the shower of water, Shine considers her father. “Rocks,” as he was called, was a tall man of Italian and German ancestry. Both his breath and his skin were warm and musky. He had a lot of control over his movements like a dancer with a wiry, graceful body. When he danced at a nightclub or with my mother on the casino dance floors, he had a way of moving his hips like no one I have ever known. I think I must have gotten my dancing abilities from him—oh, and maybe from the name, Shine, too. See what I mean? She says to herself.  I had no choice but to become a dancer.
In a convoluted sense, Rocks took care of Shine and Veronique for a while keeping them in a small North American style bachelor apartment for the first years with only a tiny kitchenette attached to one room without any bedrooms. But then, as reality set in, his gambling habit grew, and he lost all his money. Wild fights. At that point, Shine was around three and that was when her uncles started visiting. Veronique had to pay the bills.
She must have had hundreds of uncles. When one of them showed up at the apartment, Veronique would lock her daughter inside a dark little cabinet below the sink. “Get in there, doll,” she would whisper in her French accent all flustered. “And don’t you dare come out or I’ll hurt you real bad.” She watched her mother and her uncles do what she perceived to be strange things without clothes on through the crack where she pressed her mouth against the wood to get air. Her mother’s voice was always dramatic and passionate as she clutched the men.
Shine directs the water to the side and lathers up her legs as she cringes at her secrets. Goosebumps prickle her arms. She takes a razor from the shower tray and begins to run the blade up her calf.
As she grew a little older, Rocks started getting violent with her at times. He would take her places and put her in dangerous situations. He knew people and he let them use her for money. Usually, she tries to block those memories out, but at times, the recollections flood back to her and it is as if those bad experiences are happening all over again in her mind.
I know I am bad. What I did never goes away, I should have stopped his friends. I should have screamed. The memories manifest in unforgiving ways. Those times get her the worst. I am a monster. Her mind drifts to the green liquid in Jadis’s pool.
“Ouch.” Mistakenly, she cuts her leg with the razor. She directs the water over her bare body, but now the blood with the white foam washes down the drain. Gritting her teeth, she rinses the cut off more. It stings, but it does not seem deep enough to need stitches. The burn feels good, like a release.
With all these recollections, she needs to relax before her night out with Betty Walsh. She turns off the shower. Plugs the drain and fills the clawfoot tub with warm water. Her mind feels unsettled and distracted.
As the basin fills, she reaches for the bubble bath solution on the layered rack descending from the showerhead, but as she lifts on her toes, she realizes the bath is too full already. With a sudden change of decision, she tries to grab the faucet handle and slips. Her feet fall out from beneath her and she hits her head on the side of the tub, her body collapsing in a rush as she knocks herself unconscious. For a moment, her head rests awkwardly against the side, but then slides under the water.
Chapter Seven
Light of Twilight
Witch Apocalypse
Rivka Zohar
Betty Walsh’s heart races as she gets ready for her night out with Shine Ambrosia. She must look just right when she picks up her friend because she expects to run into Jadis at his mansion. I better hurry. She is afraid Jadis may leave before she arrives.
As she dresses, she rehearses what she will say to him. It is important that she uses a sensual voice because, being a musician, he seems to be stimulated more than some of the other men she has dated by sound. The thought causes her to imagine the caress of his musical voice. Something about the way he speaks excites her like none other.
When Jadis is not rehearsing for his concerts, Betty imagines, in his spare time, he must paint. He hinted at this. Much of his canvases seem to be of abstract art, as much as she can guess from the snooping she did in his art room, but some canvases appear to be semi-realistic with depictions of people, monsters, and haunted villages. Oh, how she longs to model for him. Imagine an oil painting of silly me?
A grey squirrel fur skirt with a pink button-down blouse adorning tiny pearl buttons looks lovely in the mirror. Attempting to shake off her dreams of modeling for one of Jadis’s paintings, she walks over to her bedroom closet and slides her bare feet into a pair of trendy animal print wedge heels with rat fur on the heels that match her clutch also of the same pattern and fur. These will have to do. She should have picked up her clothes from the dry cleaners.
Raking her fingers through her blonde wet locks, she heads to the small bathroom. She blow-dries her permanent waved hair straight and flattens the unruly tresses with a styling iron before teasing it wild. What a relief to not have red hair anymore! When she glances into the medicine cabinet mirror, she sighs, and proceeds to organize her eyeshadows, lipsticks, and concealers on the plain off-white counter. Her hands feel slightly shaky.
Experienced with makeup transformations, she paints her face assiduously, looking at her appearance from a variety of angles. These days most attractive women are either totally masculine or totally feminine. She wants to give the slightest hint of the alien bombshell in the new outdoor light show cinemas everyone is raving about. She learned that technique of hinting at celebrity styles from Shine when they were teenagers, but she cannot help but overdo the looks. All too often she appears like a wannabe.
A brushstroke here, a powder puff there. In no time at all, she looks like a dream girl with a touch of Liriett Womb. This time she mastered it. Exiting the bathroom, she steps in front of the bedroom mirror again, sparkling in style. Smiling wide with her new perfect white porcelain veneered teeth showing, she is satisfied with her appearance though she perceives several flaws that she will have to accept considering the limited time. She considers adding a green swirl to her forehead, but decides it would be too copycat.
If only she had adhered to her regular workout schedule, her buttocks would have a slightly better lift. And if only she could find that sexy anklet with the unicorn pendant, she would be a nearly finished product. Possibly if she added a touch more rouge on her cheeks, she might have that just out of bed look. Appearing like a blushing bride could nudge Jadis into jealousy. Maybe he will grow fearful that she is seeing someone else.
Ah, it doesn’t matter. At once, she spritzes her neck and wrists with a skunk-floral scent. Amorous. Her eyes cast down at the face of her designer watch. She wipes her sweaty palms on her fur skirt and rushes for her keys on the hook by the door, trying to remember to look as cool and poised as possible.
***
Holding onto a column, Betty tries to steady herself at the front door of Jadis Bellemet’s mansion. I can do this. She rings the bell and inhales and exhales deeply.
Nobody comes for a long time. She feels like she might just go out of her mind. I hope my makeup isn’t a mess. She knocks this time and then proceeds to press the bell again. Oh, she hears footsteps.
Irritated, Jadis cracks the door just enough to squeeze his slim, well-built body through as he steps outside. Is he hiding something from her in the house? What could he possibly not want her to see? She examines him for clues. His raven hair is wet and dripping and his pale, thin, muscular body is clad in just a white fluffy bath towel. He smells like the woods, kind of like evergreen and the wind before a storm. “I didn’t call you,” he says to Betty, staring at her blankly. “Got the world locked up inside a plastic box,” he sings the Doors song. “Twentieth century fox.”
His low, spooky voice is too sexy, she thinks. “Twenty first century. Thank you very much.” With a huff, she tosses her blonde teased locks off her shoulder. “I know, Jady…”
He cringes at the nickname she garnishes him with. “So, leave,” he says in a distracted resonance, looking away.
She softens her tone, her cherub cheeks flushing. “I’m here to pick up your cousin…”
“Step cousin,” he interrupts as his wild eyes narrow.
At that Betty’s small nose wrinkles. “Uh, yes. But, cousin, none the less.” From the looks of it, he must have a broad in the house.
He tilts his head to the side and stares at her with flared nostrils now as his blue grey eyes slightly widen. “Where are you taking her?”
She tries not to frown. “To the Sky Club,” she mumbles. “Would you like to come along?” Her cheeks heat even more. She wants to kick herself for being so easy.
“Yes,” he says quickly. “I’m already going.”
This causes her to take a step back, her hazel eyes twinkling. She can’t believe he actually said yes. “Okay, great.” She tries to keep her enthusiasm hidden. “So, can I go in and get your cousin?”
“Ms. White, if I can ever find the woman, will retrieve the lady…”
Her painted lips part slightly for a moment before she speaks. “The lady?” Feeling her heart skip a beat, her voice rings of sarcasm.
“Wait here,” he says in irritation before shutting the door leaving her outside.
Now she is even more curious to realize what he is hiding from her. Her pulse races ever so fast. After a moment, she tries the handle and opens the door. Gosh, should I be so brazen? Slowly, she steps in the stain glass foyer. It always amazes her in its colorful magnificence. Oh, how she would love to live in this house.
With hesitation, she eases her way into the living room, stark white with black leather furniture and red, white, and black paintings on the walls. He seems to hide his own art away in secret places. This room needs some pink, she thinks to herself. But as she looks around the space, she sees a stunning half-naked woman with long dark hair and a satisfied expression on her beautiful face asleep on the couch. Betty imagines claws digging into her head.
***
Meanwhile, Jadis has gone to the staff quarters to find Ms. White and ask her to get Shine for Betty. He looks through the kitchen and the family room, but nobody is around. Frustrated, he shrugs his shoulders with no option but to get Shine himself. He cannot invite Betty inside with that Nova girl asleep on the sofa, so she cannot retrieve his cousin either. Betty has been getting too possessive lately. If his head were not thundering, he could get rid of her, but that will have to wait.
He stomps down the dark stairs toward the dungeon shaking his head, wrapping the white towel tighter around his waist while tucking the corner edge to the side. This woman is gonna think I am a nude freak. He wishes he would have dressed, but he wants to hurry to get Shine and Betty out of his mansion because he has a secret organization coming over that they cannot know about. There is going to be a séance at his house tonight he guesses, hence the girl. He rationalizes her out of his mind. She’s one of them. He wants to believe that.
Maybe he should put lighting fixtures up, but he sort of finds a minor thrill in the dilution of grace. As he takes the cool rail descending carefully in the narrow musty section of the stairwell, he listens to discern the whereabouts of one Shine Ambrosia. But to his dismay, he does not hear a thing. Is she sleeping again? Damn that woman snoozes a lot. He is in desperate need of a nap and would not mind crawling back into the bed. Even in his muddled brain and state of despair over his brother, his eyes burn with curiosity. There is something about the sleek legs of hers and the fleshiness of her narrow belly. She is one smokin’ hot woman.
Should he call out to the dame? Yes, he ought to, but he is in an ill-disciplined mood and decides otherwise. Assiduously, he creeps down and steps into the dim room. This time he examines the bed for her and even runs his black nails over the blood red velvet. Nope, she is nowhere in sight.
In his clouded state of consciousness, he detects the faint sounds of the shower running in the adjoining bathroom. Now he grins wickedly, happy Ms. White abandoned her duties. No, he wouldn’t. She would be frightened of him if he revealed himself again. With just a towel on, she’ll really assume he is perverted.
The shower shuts off. He imagines Shine in her nakedness stepping out of the clawfoot tub. Great balls of fire. One fine woman. She is as sumptuous as they get. He imagines the things he could do to her body. But now the tub faucet seems to be running. Is she going to take a bath? He should have put a bigger tub in this room.
He hears a shriek from within and then a splash and a thud. Shit! What the? He rushes over to the closed door and knocks. “Shy?” he calls out. “You alright?”
There is no response. He knocks again, this time harder. “Hey, Shy? Betty is here for you.” He swallows and runs his hand over the door laying his forehead against its cool surface. “Crud.” He tries the handle. She’s going to hate me. The door is locked. “Dumb luck,” he whispers. “Shine!” His voice is loud, a bit crashing. “Open the hell up!” He listens. Nothing. “Damn.” His breathing shallows.
He grabs a chair and slams it with all his might against the door. Nothing happens. This time he crashes it even harder, wood against wood. The chair falls to pieces on the floor. Splinters in his finger, his hand cut open. The door looks damaged, but still solid. He kicks the door a few times. No luck.
Breathing heavy now, he grabs up his towel to his waist as it fell off in the panic, and he rushes up the stairwell. He trips on some of the steps and slides down banging his knees and scraping his hands on the stone. It hurts like a… Calming himself, he gets up and takes the stairs up with success this time. No more fun with the darkness. He needs lights.
At once, he rushes into the hall near the main kitchen and retrieves one of his toolboxes from a cabinet. He carries the container with him down the stairs toward the dungeon. “Mother hell. Shy, can you hear me?” No answer.
He takes a screwdriver from the toolbox and tries to unscrew the hinges on the bathroom door handle. Wrong size head. In a rush, he fiddles for another size. It works. He loosens the screws and removes the handle. The door falls on him.
Oh no! He plows through the way to the bathtub. “Smash!” He sees Shine’s body fully immersed under a tub of bloody water. “No!” Is this suicide?
Without hesitation, he pulls her body out of the reddened water and onto the floor. She is not breathing. He sits her up partway and slams his hand several times against her back attempting to get the water out of her lungs. Then he lays her heavy, floppy torso over his knee and hits her back harder and more times.
Water and vomit come up, but in the urgency, she still appears unconscious. He lays her flat on the ground and gives her mouth to mouth, counting like he half-learned in a marijuana induced haze while in school as a teen. Then he rolls her on her side and hits her back more times. He clears her mouth with his finger for vomit and continues with the resuscitation. Oh, hell. Is she dead? His face is flushed and hot as he blows air into her lungs. His body is wet from water, vomit, and mucus, but he hardly notices.
To his shock, she starts to cough against his lips. He lifts his head as water rushes out of her mouth. With his eyes crazed and wide, He rubs her hair, turning her over on her side. “That’s right. Get it all out,” he says, choked up and laughing at the same time. “Great. Okay.” He snatches his cell phone from his shirt pocket and types in 911. Shine is still coughing and now wiping her mouth with her hand while Jadis’s body is tangled around hers, one leg over her legs, her back against his chest, his free hand holding her up by the shoulder.
Betty plows into the bathroom. Her hands fly to her head digging into her blonde hair as her eyes pop wide. “Glory be! No!” She falls to the wet, messy floor next to her friend taking hold of her hands. Betty’s eyes shoot to the bloody water in the tub. “Oh God…”
*
Thank you for reading the sample of Light of Twilight (Witch Apocalypse, Book 1) by Rivka Zohar.

