




© 2018 Danielle Lee Zwissler. All rights reserved.
Speaking to the Dead Through Love Letters
A 3 Day Novel 
Contemporary Romance with a touch of Magic
No part of this book may be reproduced in any written, electronic, recording, or photocopying without written permission of the publisher or author. The exception would be in the case of brief quotations embodied in the critical articles or reviews and pages where permission is specifically granted by the publisher or author.
Although every precaution has been taken to verify the accuracy of the information contained herein, the author and publisher assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions. No liability is assumed for damages that may result from the use of information contained within.

Books may be purchased by contacting the publisher and author at:
Interior Design: FIREFLY & WISP BOOKS
Publisher: FIREFLY & WISP BOOKS
Editor: ERIK HART
ISBN: 9781370640867


 


For Earl,
You’re my first sentence…




Thanks
A big thank you to the following people: Kim, Donna, Tatiana-You inspired me at work, and brought life to this novel. And, of course, you made me laugh… a lot. 
I’d like to thank The Wildcat Café for feeding me and for giving me a place to bring my laptop. 
Thanks to my parents for their table, the desk, and their food during the 3-day novel craziness. 
I’d like to thank my kids for being so good during the sprint! I really appreciate it. 
Another thank you goes out to our waitress at The Olive Garden, she was awesome, and helped me with a few dilemmas. 
And last, but certainly not least, a huge thank you goes to my husband, Earl. If not for him, I’d never have finished this book. He is my everything. I love you, babe. 



Speaking to the Dead through Love Letters
Danielle Lee Zwissler

Dear Sarah,
Some love stories are more complicated than others, but ours was just…easy. From the moment that we met, I felt something…some spark, some magical feeling that didn’t seem quite right with the universe, but it did at the same time. You were something different, something special something…something.
I knew right then, that we’d be married. And then, of course, as luck would have it, the war came.
I’m here without you now, but you’re with me all the same. You’re in every thought, every sound—even the bad ones. I can picture your worried lines—that little crinkle in your forehead when you get mad at me. I’m smiling right now, Sarah. I’m smiling into your eyes and holding your hand. I’m smiling as I write this letter, thinking of that little miracle growing inside of you, of me being a dad, of holding our precious baby in my arms and of you smiling across the room like it was that first time all over again.
I wish I could do that, Sarah. I wish I could be there.
This is my last letter.
Tell our son or daughter that I will watch over them, over both of you.
I will love you forever,
Your Miles.

Charlie put down the letter and stretched his arms over his head and sighed. 
Charlie Hayes was Mogadore’s oldest confirmed bachelor. He was also the only man in the village that hadn’t ever been married, and he barely dated when he was younger. 
He didn’t need dates—real ones. He’d had enough “happily ever afters”.
All he needed was ink. Ink and a pen. Not even his pen, not even his ink. He’d fallen in love all the same. He put the letter down that he was reading and lovingly put it on the kitchen counter. It was one of his favorites.
The feelings that the letter invoked would last the rest of the day. He’d have a smile on his face, and his heart would be content. He walked over to the cupboard, picked out a box of cereal and poured some of it into a bowl. After that, he made his way over to the kitchen table by the window.

He watched as a large moving van made its way into the driveway across the street. The small duplex was owned by an elderly woman who Charlie had known most of his life. She had a large family, yet not once did any of them rent the old place. It had more “rent” signs in the front yard than any other house that he’d ever seen. Once, Charlie had asked the owner, Ethel Hobbs, about it, as he worried about those things occasionally.
“There isn’t a thing wrong with the duplex, Charles,” Ethel assured him.
He hated when anyone called him Charles. It was his mother’s name for him, a name that he hadn’t heard in a long while, and thoughts of his family ambushed his mind. Charles was dead along with the rest of his family. He nodded.
“I suppose you do a thorough check then?” Charlie asked.
Ethel nodded. “Of course. I haven’t had one mishap, except for that one time, and that will most certainly not happen again.” Ethel shivered, and Charlie nodded.
“Of course.”
He remembered the time in which she was speaking. It was when a young punk moved in. He rode a Harley Davidson, do-rag permanently fixed to his head. He smoked Charlie’s favorite cigarettes—Marlboro Reds. Something he had to give up ages ago.
“I remember.”
“Damn near killed us all with that…good thing you stopped, eh, Charlie?” Ethel said, reminding him why the taste of his favorite brand and the memories of the fire had done their job in making him quit.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Charlie answered.
Ethel blushed. “Ma’am? We’re the same age, Charles.”
Charlie flinched. “Age is just a number.”
“Oh, and I suppose you think you’re faring better?” she said snidely. 
Charlie didn’t suppose anything. “No, Ma’am.” His eyes twinkled. Her face reddened. 
“Well I’ll have you know I’ve had a great life. Two husbands, 5 children, 9 grandchildren, and two great grandchildren and another on the way!”
Charlie exhaled a breath that he didn’t realize he was holding. It was always the same. This was why he didn’t like conversing with people. This was why he preferred the written word. This was why he loved the letters so much, why he loved his books. The classics. He could go places he’d never been, have family, friends… He could breathe without feeling badly about himself and his life. 
He looked at Ethel, and she had that same snide expression on her face. “You have a good day now.”
Her lips pursed, and the wrinkles around her mouth reminded him of a cat’s behind. All tight and puckered. He stifled a laugh, but smirked, and she saw the expression. Her eyes blazed fire, and she turned around abruptly, but not before showing him her middle finger. 
He didn’t want some pain in the ass kid to move in and tear down his property’s value. He wished she’d just sell the damn thing; he supposed she needed the extra money as she was getting on in age, and the healthcare system just wasn’t cutting it for most. 

Charlie grinned at the feint memory as he watched the young girl step out of the truck and proceed to the back where she lifted a latch and opened two doors to get out her things. 
It was filled with furniture. 
Old, decrepit furniture that had long reached their dates of expiration. His nose wrinkled. He tried to remember a time where he had things that looked so rough. 
He never did. His parents died when he was a young man, leaving him a nice living wage, and as luck would have it, Charlie was decent with finances. His father, a banker, had taught him well, showing him how to save, how to invest, and how to stretch a dollar. It came in handy, too.
When the war had come, his father had gone away, and the house was left in his care—he took care of his mother, too. And then, when it was over, and the fear of being drafted was long gone, Charlie left the family home and set up his own place in Mogadore, and he had lived there ever since. 

The woman was alone, that much Charlie was certain. She had a peculiar look of sadness on her face, a ratty flannel shirt on her body, and her cheeks were rosy, as she was probably tired from lifting a few of the boxes by herself. If Charlie were a younger man, he’d have hopped right over there and offered his hand. As it was, Charlie wasn’t, but he’d be damned if he’d let her move the things alone. Maybe just a few of the small boxes. Maybe he could do that. He looked down at his arms. They were old, near spindles now, where they once were beautifully muscled. Veins stood out like neon lights on his pale arms. Charlie, still determined, made his way to the hall closet and grabbed his hat, as well as a coat. It was fall, and quickly approaching winter. 
As he got to the door, he noticed the moron that lived on the other side of where the woman was moving. He was grinning like a fool, and making his arms jump like popcorn in a hot pan of oil. He looked like an idiot, and surprisingly, the woman didn’t seem to be interested, which for some odd reason, made Charlie smile. Everyone loved the idiot, if that revolving door of his had any say in the matter. 
He went to grab one of her boxes, and she looked away, and pointed to the front door of the house, saying something that Charlie couldn’t hear. But he could tell by her body language that she wasn’t interested, that she was closed off, that she was just using him, so she could get her possessions in her home. 
Charlie smiled, and mumbled. “Good Girl.”
The girl’s head popped up. She looked him directly in the eyes, and the corner of her mouth hitched up slightly. 
She’d heard him. 
Charlie turned back around, opened his door and made his way back into the kitchen, grabbing the forgotten love letter off the table, before making his way to his bedroom to start another. 
***
Emma Porter was tired, hungry, and poor. The trip took nearly all her money, if you included the first month’s rent along with the security deposit, and the postage that she had yet to purchase to return all the unused wedding gifts. Thankfully, most of them were envelopes—probably filled with cash. Cash that she could use, but she knew that she couldn’t. 
She looked at her watch, noting the time, and almost forgot that she had to return the moving van before she would be charged for another day. It was unfortunate, really, as she didn’t have a car of her own. She’d sold hers, so she’d have enough money to come here, and to secure her rent.
Several days ago, when she made the decision on moving from California to Ohio, she sold her car to her best friend’s brother. He was 16, just got his license, and he needed a reliable car. She couldn’t fit her belongings into her car for such a move, so she decided to sell it. It wouldn’t matter much anyways, as when she picked Mogadore, she picked it because she didn’t want to venture into town, as they had a market there, and a pharmacy, and a drive thru beverage as well as a McDonalds. Everything that she needed was within walking distance. The police station was a block from her new place, as well as the fire department, and the hospital was only a ten-minute ambulance drive away.
So, the decision was made for her, and she left. She took her furniture, her clothes, and some other personal items, kissed her family goodbye, and made the long drive, only stopping a few times along the way as to conserve her funds. But now, unfortunately, it was late. And cold. Way colder than it had ever gotten in California.
Even though it wasn’t the full-blown winter, it was fall, and the last of the leaves were just now coming off their branches, dotting the once green grass autumn colors, and all she had was her bike from high school—a piece of shit ten speed huffy, with a banana boat seat, and fringe on the handlebars. The only thing missing was the horn and a basket.
She walked out of the house, threw her leg over the bike and put her feet on the pedals. She hadn’t ridden a bike for a long while, and she was afraid that the seat wouldn’t hold her weary body. She took a deep breath, blowing up at her fringed bangs, and then looked to the right. The rental place wasn’t far away. She tested the seat, and then looked down at the tires. They were fine, but she wanted to check the pressure before she left anyway. Just as she was going back into the house, her duplex neighbor came running down his set of stairs. 
“Hey there, Sweetheart.”
Emma inwardly cringed. “Hi.”
“Nice bike.” He laughed, and then grinned like a total fool.
“Thanks.”
“So, where ya going?”
“The rental place. I just need to pump these tires up before I leave. I have to take back the moving van.”
The idiot’s eyes widened. “That’s a long way away.”
Emma looked up. “The GPS says it’s only about ten miles down the road. It shouldn’t be too bad.”
“I’m Jace by the way,” he said, and then held his hand out in front of him. When she took his hand, he squeezed it and grinned. She pulled back quickly and wiped her hand down the side of her jean clad leg.  
“Anyway, I’d give you a ride home, but I have a date tonight.”
Emma tried to control her excitement. 
“Well that’s nice for you.”
“For her you mean,” Jace corrected. “She’s a four, but I’m feeling generous.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “A four?”
“Yeah, she’s a four, but you, beautiful lady, are a seven.”
Emma scoffed. “That’s just…”
“Disgusting,” the old man from across the street said. He was practically standing in her front yard now. He shook his head and his cane; the action nearly made her snort. She didn’t even see him coming.
“Yeah, it is,” Emma agreed.
Jace tilted his head to the side, then shrugged his shoulders. “Everyone has a rating system—Nintendo, the gymnastics teams from the Olympics, USDA… government programs, processed meats…. I could go on, but I’d be late picking up my four. So, have a good night playing geriatric twister,” Jace said to the old man, and then looked at Emma. “Have a nice bike ride.” He snorted and put his head back with a chuckle.
The old man shook his head and took a step forward. “Let’s go, Pablo.” He then looked at Emma, “You shouldn’t be riding your bike in Akron at night. It’s not safe.”
Emma swallowed. “I looked this place up—
“Mogadore is fine, but Akron…not so much. Why are you going that way?”
“I have to take the rental back.” She turned and looked at the moving truck with a grimace. “I wasn’t paying attention to the time.”
“And you don’t have a car?”
“No, just this bike.” He didn’t ask why. 
“Would you like a ride home?” the old man asked. He didn’t look like he made offers often. For some reason, Emma knew he was out of his comfort zone. 
“Um…”
“I’ll finish walking Pablo, then I’ll follow you to the rental company.”
“You’re sure you don’t mind?”
“I don’t.”
“Can I trust you?” Emma whispered softly. Her heart hammered in her chest, and she felt a bit sick. Trusting wasn’t her strong suit. She didn’t even trust herself.
“I’m probably the only person around here that you can trust,” the old man replied. 
“And why’s that?”
He smiled, then exhaled. “I have no hidden agendas, I mind my own business, and I, just like you, want to be left alone.”
Emma gasped. “How did…?”
“Just a guess.”
“Oh.”
“See you in a few minutes, and by the way, I’m Charlie. Charlie Hayes.”
Emma felt the sides of her mouth quirk into a slight grin. “Emma Porter.”
“Pleased to make your acquaintance,” Charlie said, and then led Pablo down the street.

Chapter Two

“The frankest and freest and privatest product of the human mind and heart is a love letter…” – Mark Twain

What’s the protocol on unused wedding gifts? Emma mused as she sat among a sea of packages and envelopes, many in shiny silver paper and frilly ribbons.
“Wine,” Emma muttered, “this calls for wine.”
She got up and walked into the kitchen where a few grocery items were placed haphazardly on the counter. She didn’t buy a lot as she didn’t want to waste too much time at the grocery store with the rental truck, but she did get the necessities: bread, eggs, bacon, chocolate and wine—3 bottles of the cheapest—Oak Leaf merlot, complete with a dollar store corkscrew. 
She grabbed the corkscrew, wine and chocolate and made her way back to the unpacking. Once settled, she picked up a square shaped present, shook it, and removed the tiny enveloped gift card and read:  
From: The Phillips’
“May your life blossom with possibilities.”
Emma scoffed. “Well, let’s see.” She opened the wrapping. “A toaster,” she hesitated, staring at the unopened box, “so many possibilities…”
The phone rang, and she jumped up and grabbed her phone off a stand to her right. 
“Hello?”
“And when were you planning on calling?” her mother, Liz Porter, asked. 
Emma winced. She’d wanted to put off talking to her parents for at least a little while longer.
“Sorry, I’ve been busy.”
“You’ve obviously made it okay…”
“Yes.”
“Have you sent out the thank you cards yet?”
Just like Liz—right down to business. 
“I’m working on them now.”
Her mom scoffed.
“Mom, I just got in last night.”
“And what about today? It’s evening now; what did you do all day?”
Emma massaged her temples; she could feel a headache brewing. “I went into the temp office down the road and had my interview.”
“For teaching?”
“No. It was for a factory job.”
“Oh, Emma,” her mother said, dripping with distain. “All that money for college. It’s becoming a pattern with you.”
Emma could feel the tears burn her eyes. A pattern—money for college, money for a wedding—she was so mad she could… It wouldn’t matter. Her mom, for some reason, could not understand what she was going through, what she had already gone through.”
“Yes, Mom, I aim high in disappointing you and dad.”
“Don’t get lippy with me, Emma Jean!”
Emma sighed. “I’m really tired.”
“Don’t forget to do the cards.”
“I’m doing them!”
“Well, when I saw Mrs. Lampton at church she asked me if you’d sent her card out yet. People appreciate those things, you know.”
“Mom, I think Mrs. Lampton will understand why I haven’t gotten to them yet!”
“Well, it’s unlikely. Just because you didn’t get married—”
“I didn’t get married because he died!”
“And don’t forget the fact that he was already married,” Mom reminded. 
“How could I?” Emma asked. Her chest felt as if it would explode; she just wanted to punch something. 
“You really need to be careful in choosing a mate, Emma.”
“I’ve got to go.”
“Don’t you want to talk to your father?”
Emma didn’t have to think about it, he was even worse. “No, I don’t think now is a good time. Have a great week. Maybe I’ll talk to you sometime next month.”
“But, Emma!”

Emma hung up the phone, cutting her mother off from further ranting. Why couldn’t they just be a little more supportive? Why did they always have to pick apart everything!
Emma picked up the bottle of wine, uncorked it, and took a long swig. She could feel some of her worries melt away as the liquid made its way down. 
“To possibilities,” Emma cheered, and then picked up the toaster and threw it against the wall.

Hours later, she stood up, walked toward the window and peered out. The sun had gone down, and the sky was starting to darken, but she could still make out the figure walking the dog. It was her new neighbor, Charlie. He was tall, a little on the chubby side, and wore an old hat. One of those cheeky ones that the gangsters in movies like the Godfather would wear. He had a leather jacket on, too, and held a walking cane in the hand that wasn’t holding on to the dog’s leash. The whole scene reminded her of one of those silent picture films, and the thought made her smile, which was odd since she hadn’t wanted to smile since her dreaded almost-walk down the aisle. But here she was, smiling, twice in two days. Twice at Charlie.
At that moment, the old man looked over, and she knew he’d seen her grin. He smiled back and tilted his hat toward her but kept going. He walked past the window, and down toward the end of the street near the stop sign, and then turned the corner. He was out of her vision now, but his smile wasn’t. He reminded her of her best friend, Cheryl, as she had a way of looking at someone and knowing just what was being thought, what she was hiding. Emma took a deep breath and hoped for a minute that she was wrong. She didn’t make this move for nothing. Charlie was right, she wanted to be alone.
Chapter Three
 
“Nothing of me is original. I am the combined effort of everyone I’ve ever known.” – Chuck Palahniuk

Charlie wasn’t so much nosy as he was curious. He read his letter, walked out to the kitchen, and then looked out the window, taking a bowl filled with Lucky Charms with him. It was just as he took his first bite, when the little red huffy came around the corner with the cute neighbor girl from across the street.
Emma. 
She was his new breath of fresh air, and he often thought—well in the past week since she’d been here, that if he were younger—much younger, mind you, he’d have been enamored with her from the start, and the letters would have been a distant second to just glimpsing a sight of her.
She looked tired again, and now he knew why. She had a long sleeve hoodie with the Rubbermaid Logo emblazoned on the back. She was a factory worker. She probably just got off from working third shift. 

The factory was about a mile from where they were, but it was early in the morning, and it wasn’t the safest road to be traveling alone, especially for a young lady. He grimaced, wondered why she didn’t have a car. He wanted to ask her, but it wasn’t something he was used to. He didn’t have conversations with people. He didn’t hang out with anyone, and he most certainly didn’t make friends with his neighbors. For one, most of them were too young and he had nothing in common with any of them, for another, he was too busy with reading the letters in the winter, and too busy with finding them the rest of the time. 
He watched as she put the bike near her front door, and then walked inside, flipping the light switch on and illuminating the living room.
He wondered what she’d do if he came over and asked for sugar or something. He wondered if she’d have any. 
He stood up, called for Pablo, and then as quickly as he could, he started out the front door and across the street. 

Before he chickened out, he knocked on Emma’s door. 
She answered in less than a minute. 
“Hi, Charlie, isn’t it?” she asked. Her eyes were wide, probably caffeine induced. 
“Yes, it is, and this is Pablo.”
Emma smiled softly. 
“Yes, hi, Pablo.” She bent down to pet his dog and Pablo put his head to her hands for a rub. 
“I know it’s early, but I was wondering if you had any sugar?” There, he said it, even though it was ridiculous. 
Emma looked up, momentarily puzzled. “Um…I’m not sure. I don’t have much.” Her face reddened slightly with the admission. 
“Oh, no that’s okay, I just thought I’d ask.”
“You making something?”
“Um…yes.”
“Oh, what are you making?” 
Charlie had no idea. He could feel his face redden, too. “I’m really not making anything.”
“Then why ask for the sugar?” Emma asked, and then stood up. Pablo was now leaning against her body nuzzling her leg. 
“I just saw you ride in, and I’m worried about you.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Oh?”
“You working at Rubbermaid?”
“How did you—?”
Charlie interrupted. “Your sweatshirt. I just want you to know that Gilcrest isn’t the safest road. For one, it’s quite busy—with all the factories, you see, and for another, you’re a lady.”
Emma smiled once more. “Yes, it is. But as you can see, I only have a bike.”
Charlie looked toward the red huffy and then back to Emma. She shivered. She was cold now. 
“Want to come in for a second?”
“Is Pablo allowed?”
Emma nodded, and led the way inside. “Sorry, it’s a mess.”
There were piles of unopened appliances all over the place. And a huge bag full of wrapping paper in the middle of the floor with bits and pieces sticking out. 
“Is it your birthday?” Charlie asked.
“Um, no,” Emma replied. “I was…well…”
“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
Emma took a deep breath and let it out slowly. She nodded and then pointed to a large couch that was on the other side of a large picture window. “You can sit down if you’d like. I’m going to make some coffee. Would you like some?”
“I’d love some.”
“I’d offer you cream or sugar, but I don’t have any.”
“I take mine black, so no need to worry.”
“Then I’ll get started.”

Pablo sat beside Charlie and waited for Emma to walk back into the room. When she did, he sauntered over to where she sat, in a chair, directly across from Charlie.
She leaned over and handed Charlie a steaming mug. 
“So, as I was saying, Gilcrest isn’t safe.”
“Well, I just got the job, and I really need the money. But, if it makes you happy, I’m saving up for a car.”
“I have a car.”
Emma looked at him oddly, and then nodded. “Yeah, I rode in it, remember?”
Emma probably thought he was senile. He nodded and took a drink of his coffee. “I have all my wits about me,” Charlie said, eliciting a snort from Emma. 
“I’m sorry, I guess I…”
“Don’t apologize, what I was trying to tell you, is if you’d like to use my car, you may.”
“What?”
“My car… I don’t use it between Midnight and six.”
“Oh, my shift starts at six and goes ‘til six.”
Charlie knew that. He nodded again. “Well, I don’t use it between six and six either, so you can use it.”
“But you don’t know me.”
“I don’t need to know you to know that you aren’t safe riding that little bike of yours. You’re only going down the street, but I’d feel a lot better knowing that you won’t be alone at night on that thing.”
“I couldn’t possibly.”
Charlie’s mind was made up. He stood and took another drink of coffee. “You could, and you will. It’s safer.”
“Mr. Hayes!”
“Mr. Hayes was my father, just Charlie… Besides, what are you going to do when it starts snowing in a few weeks?”
“It snows that early?”
“Where are you from?” Charlie asked, curiously. 
“I thought you didn’t want to know,” Emma said, standing as well. 
“Humor me.”
“California.”
Charlie grinned. “You have a lot to learn about Ohio weather.”
“I can really use your car?”
“Yes.”
“Why are you being so nice to me?”
Charlie looked up and then shrugged his shoulders. “You just have that kind of face.”
Emma laughed. “I’ve never heard that before.”
“Well you do, and you better get used to it. Come on, Pablo, let’s let Emma get some sleep. See you around five or so? I can give you the keys.”
Emma sighed, and bent to pet Pablo once again. “Okay.”
“Okay then.”
***
Charlie couldn’t have said why he was so taken with Emma. It had to have been because she seemed so much like him, so closed off, but she wasn’t really. She’d invited him in for coffee, she was nice to Pablo, and she was going to drive his car to work. He felt happy. 
He decided not to read any letters today. In fact, today seemed like a day for celebrating. He rounded up Pablo, and then headed out to his car. He needed some damned sugar. Maybe he’d make a cake. Hell, he hadn’t baked in a very long time.
***
Emma woke up groggily. She felt like death warmed over. She stretched and wanted to cry. Her feet were killing her! What was she going to do tonight? How would she work with her feet hurting her so badly? 
She went to stand but sat quickly back down. “Holy shit!” she cried. She looked down at her bare feet, and winced, her toes looked like they’d been pinched. They had bruises all over them, and they were red. “Stupid steel toed shoes!”

A few minutes later, she sat on the toilet in her bathroom, Icy Hot on her hands, massaging at her toes. “Dumb idea!” she cried. “Shit!” 
Her phone rang. 
“Damn!” She stood up, and hobbled out to her kitchen, cursing the entire way. When she got to her phone, she noticed the name on caller id: Cheryl. 
She took a deep breath, and picked up her phone, not thinking about the Icy Hot. “Aah!” It rubbed her face, and ear. “Damn!”
“Um….hello?” Cheryl’s voice called out. 
“Shit. It’s me. I have Icy Hot on my face. Hold on.” Emma put the phone down and wiped the ice hot off with a dishtowel from the sink, then washed her hands. She leaned her head back, tension pulled at her neck. She winced once more, and then picked up the phone. “Sorry, Cher, it’s me.”
“What the hell happened?”
“Work.”
“Wow, you got a job at the school that fast?”
“Hardly. I’m working at Rubbermaid.”
“You’re making Tupperware?” her friend asked, shocked. 
“No, I’m not making Tupperware.”
“Oh, thank God, I must have heard you wrong.”
“I’m putting it into a box, and it’s not Tupperware. That’s a brand name. It’s Rubbermaid. You know, plastic containers, lids, water bottles—that sort of thing.”
“Oh shit. What happened?”
“What do you mean?” Emma asked. She walked over to the living room and sat on her sofa, her feet stretched out in front of her. 
“You went to school for teaching, and now you’re working in some factory throwing lids.”
“It’s actually pretty easy.”
“You sound awful.”
“I feel awful, but only because I don’t think I’ve ever stood in one place for twelve hours. I’ll get used to it.”
“You’ll get used to it? Please, tell me that you don’t plan on working there forever!”
Emma laughed. “No, of course not, but they were good enough to give me a job. I technically don’t work for Rubbermaid, I work for this Temp Agency until I get hired on. If I get hired on,” Emma mused. 
“So, you’re not working at Rubbermaid?”
“No, I’m working at Rubbermaid, I’m just not working for them.”
“I’m confused.”
“Don’t worry, it’s a lot to take in; anyway, how are you?”
“I’m…worried about you.”
“No need to worry about me, I’m great.”
“Why won’t you talk to me, Em?”
“It’s not like I don’t want to talk to you, Cher. I’m tired of talking about the same thing.”
“You need to talk about this. What you went through… it’s not normal.”
“I sure as hell hope it’s not.”
“Why are you joking about it?” Cheryl asked, sounding worried. 
“What do you want me to do? Do you want me to cry all the time? Because, if it makes you feel better, I already did that for a few weeks. I’m done with that part.”
“No, of course not. I don’t want you to be upset, I just think you should deal with it.”
“How? How should I, Cher? Everyone has been so shitty with me. My mom called yesterday, and do you know what she said?”
“It’s hard to tell with Lizard.” Lizard was Emma’s mom’s nickname by Cheryl. It was the whole T-Rex thing. Terrible… and her mom was pretty much that. 
“Well she wanted to know where the thank you cards were, and if they were done yet.”
“Shit.”
“Yeah, I’m sure she’ll get the ‘Mother of the Year’ award this year.”
“Why thank you cards anyway? Don’t you have to return the gifts?” Cheryl asked, confused. 
“Yeah, that’s what I was going to do.”
There was silence for a second, and then Cheryl asked, “What do you mean was?”
“I can’t afford to send them back. I’m not rich, and I don’t know half of the people anyway. My mom invited people that didn’t even know Max and me.”
“Em, you have to return them!” Cheryl said, aghast. 
“I don’t have to do anything. I’m done following all the protocols. I don’t have a toaster, Cheryl. I don’t even have silverware, and I have ten dollars to my name. I’m keeping all of it.” Emma felt exhilarated, and a bit dangerous. 
“Your mom is going to kill you,” Cheryl said quietly. 
Emma grinned even though she knew Cheryl couldn’t see her. “I know.”

***
Charlie spent all afternoon cooking, and baking. He also made a new copy of his car keys for Emma, complete with a new key chain. 
At five on the dot, he heard a knock on the door, and made his way over to welcome her in. 
“Right on time.”
“Are you sure about this?” Emma asked. She wasn’t frowning at all, and her face looked refreshed. 
“Sleep works well on you,” Charlie commented. 
“Ah, yes. I needed it, too, but I’m afraid my feet feel differently.”
“I bet. I worked at a factory a long time ago. Those twelve-hour shifts are murder.”
“It wasn’t too bad, it’s just the standing in one spot thing…”
“You’ll be fine after a few days.”
Emma smiled. “That’s what they tell me.”
“So, I made dinner. Would you care for some?”
Emma nodded slowly. “Yeah, if you don’t mind.”
“Not at all, come on in.” Charlie led the way into his home, and Emma knew right away that she should have taken her shoes off. She stopped, bent down and removed her steel toed boots. Pablo came over for a pat. 
“Hey there, boy.”
“The dining room is to your left. Would you like some pop or how about some wine?”
“I’m not sure if I should have wine before work,” Emma said, as she walked into the dining room. The room was beautifully decorated with framed maps on the wall. It looked worldly, and Emma went closer to check out what the maps were of.
“I’ll bring you a glass of ice and some coke then.”
“Sounds good, thanks.”
Charlie turned around and left the room, Pablo followed. 
The place smelled great, and Emma was suddenly starving. 
“Charlie, these maps are great. Where’d you get them?”
“I’m sort of a collector. Do you ever go to auctions?”
“You collect maps?” Emma asked. 
“I used to. Those are from years ago. The ones in the dining room are priceless; they used to be in Napoleon Bonaparte’s home.”
“You’re kidding!” Emma cried. 
“No, I paid a lot for them, partially why I no longer collect maps.” Charlie grinned and placed a platter with two steaks upon the table. Emma inhaled. 
“Those look great.”
“Thank you. Do you ever go to auctions?” Charlie asked once more.
“No, I’ve never been.”
“Then you must go with me sometime.”
“Since you don’t collect maps anymore, why do you go?”
Charlie wasn’t sure he wanted to tell her, so he went into the kitchen as she was still standing in front of the maps. “Uh… hold on a second. I have to get the potatoes.”
“Oh, potatoes, too,” Emma sighed, easily distracted. “My stomach is smiling.”
“I’m glad you like carbs.”
Emma laughed. “Do I look like I don’t?”
“If you’re implying that you’re fat, then I will say right away that you don’t.” Charlie brought a big bowl filled with mashed potatoes out and sat it on the table next to the steaks. “What kind of salad dressing do you like? I have French, Italian, or ranch.”
“Holy cow, salad, too. Um, I like ranch.”
“Good choice.” Charlie disappeared once more, and then made his way back into the dining room. He placed the salad dressing and the salad on the table and then left. 
“One more thing,” he said, and then brought out some napkins.
Emma looked at the table and was quite surprised how well Charlie had set it. Her mother would have been impressed. “So, obviously you’ve been married before.”
Charlie looked shocked at that impression. “No, never been.”
“Then you must have learned how to set a table from someone.”
“My mother. She was very proper, and she liked pretty things.”
Emma smiled at the description. “She sounds nice.”
“She was a lovely woman.” Charlie smiled and then gestured for Emma to sit. “She’s been gone for a very long time now. She died when I was only nineteen.”
“Wow, I’m so sorry.”
“As I said, it’s been a long time. I’m seventy-three.”
“I wondered how old you were,” Emma mumbled. “I mean, I…”
“It’s okay, I’ve been wondering the same about you.”
Emma picked up her glass of Coke and took a quick drink. “I’m twenty-two.”
Charlie sighed. “To be that young again.”
“Do you ever wish for that?”
“Not until recently,” Charlie replied. 
Emma looked odd at that moment, and Charlie didn’t want to scare her. “What I mean is, I’ve been feeling my age.”
“Oh.”
“My knees have been bothering me, and it’s been getting increasingly harder to take Pablo for walks.”
Emma frowned, and a little line appeared between her brows. 
“I’m sorry.”
“No need to be. I’ve done well up until now. So, how do you like the village?”
Emma looked up and then back to Charlie. “It’s nice. Small, but perfect for me.”
“That’s how I feel. The world is too big. I like this little bubble.”
“Yes.”
“A kindred spirit?” Charlie asked, and then picked up his fork. “We better get started on these steaks before they get cold.”
Emma nodded, and eagerly picked up her fork, too. “Thanks for this, Charlie.”
“You’re welcome.”

Forty-five minutes later, Emma was gone, and Charlie was alone once more. The dinner was nice, and Emma opened up a bit about California, and how she was glad to be away from such a big place. She didn’t say anything about why she wanted to be away, though. Charlie wondered if a man was involved in her decision. 
***
Emma made it to work with minutes to spare. Charlie’s Cadillac was nice, and it had heated seats, a luxury with which she’d never been blessed. She grinned as she made her way into the building and into the employee breakroom. Everyone was getting ready for the night to start, and they were all sitting down, waiting for the shift supervisor to give his big pep talk. 
Even though this was a grown-up job, as her mother would have called it, there were clicks. It reminded Emma of high school all over again. 
The other thing that was surprising about this job was the amount of people that didn’t speak English. She was used to it in California, but she was quite shocked that it was the same in Ohio. What was weird was that they didn’t speak Spanish; because if they had, she’d have at least understood ninety percent of what they were talking about, but here, they spoke a different language. She wasn’t even sure what it was, and she had no idea how to ask them either. 

“How’s your feet, Emma?”  Her friend, Kim, asked. Kim was funny, and she had a great personality. 
“They’re killing me. I took a few ibuprofens before I got here, but I think I’ll have to take some more before I get started.”
Kim laughed, and then took a bite out of a candy bar. There were vending machines lining the walls in the break room, as well as a few sinks, and three microwaves. “What did you do today?”
“Oh, not much. I had dinner with the guy across the street, and he let me use his car.”
“Ohhhh,” Kim said, smiling. “And what did you give him for that?”
Emma’s face reddened. “Um… he’s 73.”
“Kinky,” Kim tormented. “So, a blowy?”
“Oh, gross!” Emma cried, and then swatted at Kim’s arm. Donna, the woman next to Kim, started laughing, too. 
“I just hung out with my kids all day, thanks for asking,” Donna remarked.
Kim stuck out her tongue. “We all know what you do during the day, Donna.”
Donna sighed and then picked up a water bottle that was sitting in front of her. 
“So, what kind of car is it?” Kim asked. 
“A caddy.”
“Nice.”
“Yeah, it’s pretty cool.”
“You think a caddy’s cool?” Desmond asked as he plopped his backpack on the breakroom table. He was cute with a shaved head and an earring in his left ear. He sat down beside Emma and leaned in toward her. “Sup?”
Donna snorted. 
Desmond grinned and looked at Donna. “What’re you up to, Donna?”
Donna’s face reddened, and she looked uncomfortable for a moment. “I’m…”
Desmond moved on to the next girl. “Cherise, are you going to Kim’s for Taco Tuesday?”
Emma looked at Kim and quirked her brow. “Taco Tuesday?”
“Yeah, some of us get together after work for Tacos. Want to come?” 
“I can’t. I have to get my neighbor’s car back to him by six.”
“I’m sure he won’t mind,” Kim said, wriggling her eyebrows.
“You are nasty,” Emma said, laughing. “It’s not like that.”
“I’ve never gotten a car from a man that didn’t want something in return.”
Emma looked at Kim and rolled her eyes, silently wondering if what she said was true. Did Charlie want something? 
***
Charlie watched the Red Green Show and had his evening bowl of popcorn. He’d read four letters since Emma had left for work, and he’d thought of her for the rest of the time. 
He wondered what she’d say about his obsession with love letters, and he hoped that she shared his same belief in fate. 

Three hours later, Charlie finally went to bed, and six hours after that, he awoke to a pain in his chest. 

“Ah!” Charlie cried. He grabbed at his chest, which felt like something hard slammed into him. He sat up slowly and grabbed his cane from beside the bed. When he swung his feet around, the pain hit him again. He took small breaths and reached for the bottle of pills beside his nightstand and opened the container. He hurriedly swallowed two and took a drink from a water bottle on the same stand. 
After a few seconds, he got to his feet and walked into the kitchen. Pablo padded over to him and barked just as another pain hit Charlie. Just then, Charlie saw the lights from his caddy pulling into the driveway. 
“Thank God.”
He opened his door just as Emma opened hers. She looked over at him with weary eyes. 
“Good morning, Charlie.”
“Go…” But Charlie didn’t finish. He fell to the ground, with Pablo at his side.  



Chapter Four

“To write a good love letter, you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to say, and to finish without knowing what you have written.” – Jean-Jacues Rousseau

Emma sat in the waiting room and prayed for Charlie. Her heart was beating fast in her chest, and tears streamed down her face. She had to leave Pablo at home, and the sound of him wailing next to Charlie haunted her. 
It had already been two hours since they took Charlie back, and since she wasn’t a relative, they wouldn’t tell her anything. She couldn’t leave though, she wasn’t certain, but she had a feeling that he was all alone in this world. The thought made her even sadder. 
“Are you Emma Porter?” A nurse asked as she rounded the corner into the waiting area. She had a clipboard in her hand and a serious look on her face.
Emma stood. “Yes, is…is Charlie okay?”
“He’s stable. He had a heart attack, and he’s fine right now, but he’s asking for you. He told us that you were his family. Why didn’t you tell us that?”
Emma started to cry just then. 
“He’s okay, he just wanted you to know that he’s fine. He can’t see you right now, but he wanted me to tell you that his keys are in his house, and that he’d like it if you could take care of Pablo for a few days.”
Emma nodded, and swiped at her tears. “Yes, yes of course.”
“He’ll be able to see you later if we can get him to calm down. He was really worried about his dog, and his house. He said it’s unlocked.”
“I’ll go get the keys and lock up.”
The nurse nodded and smiled softly. “You do that, and I’ll tell him that you’re taking care of everything.”
“Tell him that I prayed for him,” Emma said. 
“I will.”
The nurse turned just then and made her way back toward the double doors that led to the Emergency room. Emma took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. She felt some of the tension leave her body. 
She pulled her cellphone from her pocket and headed outside. When she got there, she called for a cab. In all the excitement, she didn’t think about how she would get home, she just knew that she had to be there for Charlie.
***
Charlie sat in the hospital bed exhausted. His chest wasn’t hurting as much anymore as it was just tight. It felt like it was being stretched too far. He took some ice chips that the nurse had brought him and chewed them slowly. He felt terrible but was glad to be alive. 
“Close call this time, Charlie,” his doctor, Dr. Thomas, said as he walked into the room with his chart.
“Yeah.”
“You obeying the diet?” Dr. Thomas asked. He looked down his glasses at Charlie and shook his head. “What did you eat for dinner tonight?”
“Steak,” Charlie answered with a grin. “I had steak, mashed potatoes, salad and cheesecake.”
“Are you trying to kill yourself?”
“And every day for the past year I’ve been eating nothing but cereal. Cereal and that nasty oat stuff you prescribed.”
Dr. Thomas’s eyebrow quirked. “Okay, well that’s not so bad then. What about the coffee?”
Charlie had the nerve to look chagrinned. 
“You’ve got to be kidding me.”
“I like coffee. It’s the one thing I drink that doesn’t taste terrible.”
“How’s your nightly routine? Are you sleeping better?”
“Same as usual.”
“Still reading all those letters?” Dr. Thomas asked. He looked up from the chart with a smile. 
“Yes, I surely am. Nothing too strenuous, nothing too exciting. Although, I have to say, I’ve met someone.”
“Really?” Dr. Thomas sat down and crossed one leg over the other. His grinned widened if possible. “Who?”
“Her name is Emma, and before you say anything, she’s wonderful. She has gorgeous brown hair, brown eyes, and she’s a shorty. You’d like her, but you’re married, so no dice, buddy.”
Dr. Thomas laughed. “Wow. I’ve never seen you like this before. She the one that cooked tonight?”
“No, I cooked for her, but it’s not what you think.”
Just as Dr. Thomas was about to speak, the nurse walked in, and she was followed by Emma. 
Dr. Thomas stood and looked at Emma oddly. “And who’s this?”
“I’m…uh, Emma.”
Dr. Thomas put his head back with a loud chuckle, and then looked at Charlie. “You, old dog, you!” He smiled at Emma and then shook his head. “Take care of this guy, and whatever you do, no caffeine. Decaf all the way for him.”
Emma tilted her head for a second, and then looked at Charlie with concern in her eyes. “You okay?”
“Yeah, just a little heart trouble. Nothing I can’t handle.” 
Dr. Thomas laughed once more and ushered the nurse out along with him. 

Emma turned her head toward the doorway, and then looked back at Charlie. “What was that all about?”
Charlie’s face was red, and he just shrugged his shoulders. “I have no idea.”
“Why don’t I believe you?” Emma asked with narrowed eyes. 
Charlie laughed. “Because you’re smart.”
“Okay…so, how are you really?”
Charlie exhaled. “I’m okay, just a little sore.”
Emma nodded. “Pablo’s upset.”
Charlie frowned. “Yeah, I can imagine. I’m sorry that you probably haven’t gotten any sleep yet.”
“I’m not worried about that, Charlie. I just wanted to tell you that I have your keys, and Pablo is fine.”
“You should go home and get some rest before you go to work tonight,” Charlie said, worried. 
“I’ll be fine.” 
Charlie shook his head and exhaled. “I don’t want you to get in an accident.”
“Charlie, I’m not five years old. I’ve stayed up all night before, it’s not a big deal.” Emma sat in the chair that Dr. Thomas just vacated.
Charlie smiled. “Even so, make sure you at least take a nap.”
“I will.”
“So, how was work? Do you like it there?”
“It was okay. I like the people that I work with. They’re pretty fun. The only bad thing is, is that you change people you work with nearly every time you’re there, so sometimes you don’t know anyone. It’s a bit frustrating.”
Charlie nodded. “I worked in a factory years ago, but it was a car parts place. All I did for twelve hours a night was put glue on one part and stick it to a windshield. I think they have machines for that sort of thing now.” 
Emma shivered. “I would hate to do that. At least with Rubbermaid I get to do different things, albeit it isn’t that exciting.”
“I can imagine. So, how long do you plan on working there?”
“Everyone seems to be asking me that,” Emma muttered.
“Who’s everyone?” 
“My mom. She’s disgusted that I would even think of working there.”
Charlie looked up, curious. “And why is that?”
“She can’t understand why I’m not a teacher.”
Charlie’s eyes softened. “You’d be good at that. Did you go to college for education, then?”
Emma nodded. “Elementary Ed. I’m not looking anytime soon, though. What mom fails to understand is that it is nearing winter, and school teaching jobs usually don’t open up til the end of the school year.”
“True, but you are going to look, aren’t you?”
Emma shrugged. “I don’t know if I’m ready yet.”
“Why do you say that?”
“It’s just…listen, we don’t have to talk about this.”
“We don’t if you don’t want to, but I’d love to hear about it. Where did you go to school?”
Emma took a deep breath and then answered, “UCLA.”
Charlie whistled. “Nice school.”
“Yeah, it was okay.”
Charlie’s brow quirked once more. “Why do you say that?”
“It’s where I met Max,” Emma said, and then she looked shocked. “I meant…”
“I knew something was going on. Who’s Max, your boyfriend?”
“No.”
“Not anymore I take it?”
Emma shook her head curtly. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Okay.”
Emma looked relieved. “So, you never answered me earlier,” she said, looking a bit uneasy, “why do you go to auctions if you don’t buy maps anymore?”
This was it, Charlie thought. “Love letters. I go to auctions to find them.”
“Love letters?” she asked, and then swallowed. 
“Yes. I collect them. I love a good love letter, don’t you?”
Emma’s bottom lip trembled slightly before she answered. “I wouldn’t know.”
Charlie tilted his head and reached for Emma’s hand that was beside the bed rail. “Well, I do. I love them, and I have a ton of them.”
“What do you do with them?” she asked. 
“I read them.”
“Don’t you feel bad?”
“Like I’m going into someone’s personal affects?”
“Yes.”
Charlie smiled once more. “I used to. I used to feel like I was violating someone’s life. Now I read them and feel happy. Love letters are amazing, Emma. Have you ever been in love?”
Emma’s face contorted into something that Charlie hadn’t ever seen. She looked like something between extremely angry and on the verge of breaking down in sadness. Charlie’s heart beat harder in his chest. “Emma?”
“No. I don’t believe in love.”
Charlie gasped softly. “What about fate?”
“I especially don’t believe in fate.”

Chapter Five

“The greatest of love letters are always coded for the one and not the many.” – Mark Z. Danielewski

Three days later…

“Did you bring the letters I asked for?” Charlie asked as Emma walked in carrying two coffees. 
“That smells great.”
“Thank you, it’s decaf.”
“The Devil’s brew,” Charlie said, making a face.
“I thought that was regular?” Emma asked, smirking as she handed him one of the two. “Yours is the decaf, by the way.”
Charlie chuckled softly. “I was wondering how you were going to get through an all-nighter at work and then come in here and read to me.”
“I’m fine now… it’s the hour between 4 and 5 AM that really kills me. Once I make it through that though, I’m usually fine. Pablo says hi, by the way.”
Charlie smiled. “My boy probably misses me.”
“I think he does. Needless to say, he hung around with me this morning, and I took him for a nice long walk. I explained to him what happened.”
“But did he listen?”
Emma laughed. “I think so. He barked in all the right places.” Emma sat down beside the bed and reached her arms above her arms and sighed. “Which one of these letters do you want me to read first?” She handed Charlie a bag and then Charlie quickly pulled out a crinkled envelope. 
“This one.” Charlie exhaled, and then leaned back onto the pillow and settled in. “Thank you for the coffee, and for this.”
“You’re welcome. Do you want me to do voices?”
Charlie chuckled. “No. Just read it in your regular voice.”
Emma nodded, and then opened the letter. 

January 4th, 1941
Dear Sarah,
I tried to write this letter four times now, and it’s hard to do. One reason, I love you so much, and miss you even more, and I wanted to tell you all that, but where I am right now…it’s not a place that I’d wish on anyone. 
Things have escalated, but I’m not allowed to talk about that. I’m supposed to just act like nothing has happened, like our world hasn’t been turned upside down.  I’m not allowed to talk about any of that. Instead, I want, no need, to talk about you. 
What I miss… your laugh…how you smile with your whole mouth, how soft your lips are after we kiss… I miss kissing you. I miss loving you. I miss your cold feet on my body at night, when we first go to sleep… you know how I always complained about that? Well, I’d give anything to feel your feet on me now. 
I don’t know if I’ll be coming home. I must be honest with myself, and with you. Don’t get me wrong, I will fight for you, fight for us… I want to be there. I want… 
If I do come home, I want that baby that you’re always asking for. I want a family with you. I want something good to come out of all of this… I’m glad that you’re home. Stay safe, and please, if you could, send me a response soon. 

Love,
Your Miles

Emma finished reading and placed the letter back into the envelope. Charlie waited for her to comment, but she didn’t say anything. 
“Well, what did you think?”
“I think Miles is full of crap,” Emma replied, irritation marring her pretty face. 
To say Charlie was shocked was an understatement. He sputtered, “Wh…why do you say that?” He was sure that she would change her mind about love from that letter. It was one of his favorites. He loved Sarah and Miles. It was from those two people that he realized being in love was the best feeling in the world. 
Emma handed Charlie the letter and folded her arms upon her chest. “It’s just… they’re just words, aren’t they?”
Charlie shook his head in disbelief. “Just words?”
“Words.”
“But words are so powerful.”
“More powerful than actions?”
Charlie didn’t know why, but he felt completely let down. He felt his pulse quicken, and then heard the tell-tale sign of it from the monitor. Emma’s eyes widened. 
“Charlie, are you okay?” she asked, panic lacing her voice. 
“No, I’m not.”
The nurse walked in and looked from Emma to Charlie. “What just happened?”
“Nothing, I’m fine.”
“Are you upsetting him?” the nurse asked Emma. 
“No, she’s not doing anything of the sort,” Charlie defended. “It was my fault, I just tried to get up is all.”
Emma looked worried. 
“I’m fine.”
The nurse nodded, and then looked at Emma. “Make sure he stays in that bed. Visiting hours will be over in about twenty minutes.”
“Okay,” Emma said quietly, and then waited for the nurse to leave. When she did, she looked at Charlie. “What just happened?”
“No, back to you. Why did you say that about the letter?”
Emma shook her head. “No, Charlie, we’re talking about you.”
Charlie noticed the look in her eyes. She was terrified of something. “What happened?”
“No, I don’t…”
“Emma, how am I supposed to help you if you don’t talk to me?”
“You’re not supposed to help me. You’re supposed to leave me alone.”
Charlie frowned. “You want me to leave you alone?”
Emma shook her head fast. “No… it’s just…” Tears escaped her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Emma, please.”
“I can’t do this right now, Charlie. I have to get some sleep before I go to work tonight. I’m sorry.” Emma stood up, and then walked out of the room, leaving the bag of love letters with Charlie. 

Chapter Six

“My heart is full of so many things to say to you - ah - there are moments when I feel that speech amounts to nothing at all - Cheer up - remain my true, my only treasure, my all as I am yours. The gods must send us the rest, what for us must and shall be-” –Ludwig Van Beethoven

That next day, Charlie eagerly awaited Emma’s arrival, as she left abruptly the day before. He worried about her all afternoon, and into the night, wondering what must have happened to her to make her so agitated about love. 
When she walked in, she brought him another cup of decaf, and a picture frame.
“Sorry about yesterday,” Emma said. “The nurse said that you’re getting discharged today.”
Charlie nodded. “And I’ll be glad to sleep in my own bed.” Charlie looked down to his hands. “What’s this?” he asked as he looked at the picture. It was of Emma and a young man with light blonde hair. They were both very young in the picture. 
“That’s Max.”
Charlie couldn’t believe it. She was going to tell him something. “Who is Max to you?”
“Nobody now, but he was my fiancé.”
“You were engaged? When?” Charlie asked, surprised. 
“I was engaged for nearly three years, and I was supposed to be married a month ago.”
Charlie’s eyes widened. “Oh no. What happened?”
“He died.”
Charlie could feel her anguish. “Oh, honey, I’m so sorry.”
Emma started to cry. “I’m pissed, Charlie. I’m sad, and I’m pissed. It’s not a fun combination.”
“I had no idea that this was what was bothering you. I’m so sorry if I was too intrusive.”
“You were just being a friend. You’re the only person I want to talk to about this. My best friend, Cheryl, she just…she says things, and I feel stupid about them.”
“What does she say?” 
“She says that Max deserved what he got, and that I’m a fool for being heartbroken about it. She says I should be happy, happy that the wedding never happened.”
Charlie was aghast. His eyes were wide. “Why in the hell would someone say that? That’s terrible!”
Emma looked down. “It’s been hard. I’m just…I’m sick about it.”
“Ah, honey, come here,” Charlie said, as he put his arms out. Emma came into them for a hug, careful not to disturb and of the lines that were going into him. 
Emma sobbed for a few minutes before pulling back. “To be fair, I haven’t told you everything.”
“What else?”
“Max was married.”
Charlie tilted his head to the side. “So, people marry twice a lot. Just because one wedding didn’t take, doesn’t mean another won’t.”
Emma winced. “Not twice. He was married while he was engaged to me.”
Emma couldn’t have shocked Charlie more if she tried. “You were having an affair with a married man?” The thought made Charlie sick. He never would have guessed this of her. 
Emma shook her head fast. “No. It wasn’t like that.”
“Well, honey, what was it like?”
Emma closed her eyes, and then opened them, and Charlie saw even more pain in them if that were possible.
“I didn’t know he was married. We were engaged for three years. We met at UCLA, and we dated for a year before getting engaged. He didn’t live on campus, and he told me that he lived with his brother. I even met him.”
“He lied to you?”
“Yes.”
 That made Charlie feel marginally better. “What was his excuse for you not meeting his parents? 
“He told me they were dead.”
“And his brother, he’s just as bad,” Charlie said with disgust. “How did you find out?”
“At the wedding.”
Charlie looked shocked. “You found out at the wedding or after?”
“During.”
“Oh, no.”
“Yeah, my best friend, Cheryl, she was my maid of honor, and she came back to the hall where my dad and I were waiting before we walked down the aisle. She told me that Max wasn’t there. He never showed up. I thought that he was either not showing up because he really didn’t love me, or that he got into an accident. I was freaking out; I mean, Max and I were great together. Everything was…perfect. So, I called Max’s cellphone, and his wife answered.”
“Oh, honey, I’m so sorry. I… I’m just sick for you.”
“Yeah, and that’s not the worst of it.”
“How can that not be the worst of it?”
“She killed him.”
Charlie’s eyes were as wide as quarters now. “She killed him?”
“She found out he was cheating, and she killed him. Shot him right in the chest.”
“I don’t even know what to say, Em. How long has it been?”
“Four weeks ago yesterday. I’ve been trying to get through this, and I’m just…I’m sick about it. So, yesterday when you asked about the love letters, and before that when you asked if I believed in fate, it was only partially true.”
Charlie grabbed Emma’s hand and squeezed it. “Partially?”
“I believed in fate, and I believed in love, but now…I’m just half of that person that I used to be. I feel like I’m the walking dead.”
***

Later that night, Emma sat with Charlie on his living room couch, watching “You’ve Got Mail.” Dr. Thomas gave Charlie strict instructions for his aftercare, and Charlie took advantage by suggesting she stay over for a while and watch a movie with him—just in case. 
“So, this is your idea of fun?” Emma asked, smiling. 
“This is one of my favorite movies.”
“Ironic, I’d say.”
“You know how much I love the letters.”
“But these are just emails,” Emma retorted. 
“Email can be romantic, too, but you’re right, handwritten letters are so much more special.” Charlie’s eyes twinkled. Emma smiled. They’d talked all day about her and Max, and of what happened. Charlie learned that she thought she was having a nervous breakdown, and that’s why she left California. He learned a little about her parents, too. They seemed like horrible people, and Charlie couldn’t say that he blamed her for up and leaving California and driving clear across the country for some peace and quiet. 
“Want some popcorn?” Charlie asked. 
Emma’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t think you’re allowed popcorn, Charlie.”
Charlie sighed. “I am, too. It’s the good kind. Trust me. You can even look at the box.”
Emma laughed as she stood up. “Which cupboard is it in?”
“Next to the one with the dog bones,” Charlie replied with a small grin in place. 
Emma had gotten to know Charlie’s place well in the week that he’d spent in the hospital. She ruffled around in the cupboard for a few seconds and pulled out a pack. Charlie could hear her from the other room.
“Found it.”
“Good girl. It only takes two minutes in the microwave. There’s a big bowl under the sink.”
“Got it!” 
Charlie could hear Emma talking to Pablo, and then Pablo barked. “You’re a good boy, aren’t you?”  
“You’re spoiling him,” Charlie called. “He’s going to miss you when you go home.”
“I’m going to miss him. He’s a good guard dog.”
“He’s the best,” Charlie said, and he meant it. Pablo really was a man’s best friend. “So, how’s the old caddy holding up?”
“I really love that car, Charlie,” Emma said as she walked back into the living room. “Those heated seats are amazing!”
Charlie grinned. “That’s my favorite part, too. How’s work?”
“It’s good. I’m just glad I have a few days off. My feet are feeling a bit better, but not by much.”
“You should get a massage somewhere. There’s a lady in Tallmadge that gives great massages.”
Emma grinned as she sat down, Pablo at her feet. “And how would you know that?”
“I used to go in town quite a bit. You know, the auctions?”
Emma frowned. “That’s right, the auctions. What are you going to do now?” Emma asked. Charlie had explained to her on the way home from the hospital how he spent all spring-fall going to auctions, and it was still technically fall, even though it was extremely cold. 
“Well, I was hoping that you’d go along with me?” Charlie asked. 
Emma flinched. “I don’t know, Charlie.”
“You need to get out. The auctions aren’t horrible. They’re actually quite fun.”
“I told you why I don’t like the whole love letter thing.”
“And yet you’re sitting here with me watching one of the most romantic movies ever, and it’s about love letters.”
Emma rolled her eyes. “Love emails are different, you even said so.”
Charlie grinned. “You can pick me up tomorrow around nine AM.”
“Tomorrow? You just got out of the hospital!”
“I’m not getting any younger, Emma, besides, there’s a good one about two miles from here, and I can’t walk that far.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “You can’t be serious!”
“I’m completely serious.”
Emma huffed. “Just tell me the address, and I’ll go for you.”
She didn’t look happy, but Charlie knew that she would do it for him. “You’re a good girl, Emma.”
“I know I am,” she snarled. 
Charlie reached his hand over to the bowl of popcorn and grabbed a few kernels. “Now, let’s be quiet, this is my favorite part.”
Emma rolled her eyes once more as Tom Hanks said, “One hundred and fifty-two people who think he looks like a Clark Bar.”
Charlie laughed, and Emma hit him square in the forehead with a piece of popcorn.
“There may be hope for you just yet,” Charlie chided.
Chapter Seven

“A lady’s imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.”
-Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen

It had been a week since Emma went to her first auction for Charlie. Since then, she and Charlie had been going to auctions nearly every day—sometimes twice a day, depending if there were estate sales. Charlie had specific things he looked for, and he showed her how to find things of which she never would have thought. One being, journals. She thought he just read letters, but it turns out, there were lots of journals at auctions, and they were amazing, too.  Some were very old. 
Emma had to admit that she was having a great time going to the auctions. 
“You were right, Charlie,” Emma said happily. 
Charlie looked over at her and smiled. They’d just pulled up to an auction that he had been very excited to go to all week. “What’s that?”
“Auctions. They’re great.”
“Exhilarating, right?”
“Yes. I dare say I’ve become obsessed.” Emma laughed as Charlie nodded. 
“Thank you for admitting that. I’m glad that you’re having a great time.”
“I’m starting to feel better about Max, too,” Emma said softly. “I know what he did was wrong, but I can’t help but wonder…”
“If he really loved you?” Charlie asked, voicing the words that Emma was afraid to confirm. 
“Yes.”
“I have no doubts that he did. I’ve been thinking about this, Emma. Even though he was clearly wrong in what he did, I do think that he loved you. There’s no way he couldn’t have…”
Emma blushed. “Sometimes I wish…”
Charlie’s eyes widened. “What?”
“Timing, you know?” Emma fiddled with her jacket before she turned off the car and stepped out. 
Charlie swallowed. Timing. He knew all too well what she was talking about, and his was running out. He needed to call Alex soon. Charlie stepped out of the car and looked over to Emma. She looked odd for a moment, and then she smiled at him. 
“You okay?” Charlie asked.
“Thank you for this, Charlie. You’re my best friend.”
Charlie felt overwhelmed just then. “You came in my life just at the right time, honey. You’re mine, too.”
It didn’t matter that they were in the middle of a parking lot full of strangers, Emma grabbed onto Charlie and gave him a big hug. Charlie felt the tears in his eyes and tried hard to keep them at bay. 
Emma pulled back. “Ready?” she asked, her eyes just as teary. 
Charlie nodded, and leaned on his cane as they walked across the parking lot and into the auction house.

The auction was huge, and Emma felt a bit overwhelmed. There were buyers everywhere, holding fans, and anxiously awaiting to bid. Charlie was standing near an old box filled with paper. Emma came over toward him and looked up into his eyes. “Did you find something?”
“Oh, yes. We have to win these.”
Charlie looked downright giddy. Emma put her hand in the box, and Charlie turned them quickly to the right. “Oh no you don’t!”
“What?” Emma laughed. “You’re moving fast.”
“This is a present.”
“A present?” Emma asked, and then she looked back down toward the box. Her grin grew wider. 
“You look like the Cheshire Cat,” Charlie remarked, but still held the box firmly in his grasp.
“What is it?”
“These are special.”
“What if we don’t win them,” Emma said, looking at Charlie. From the other auctions that they’d been to, Charlie had never lost. At least she’d never seen it happen.”
“There’s no way that we will lose this box.”
“Love letters or journals?” Emma questioned. 
“Love letters.”
“For me?”
“Yes,” Charlie answered. “Special ones.”
“How are they more special than any other ones?”
“These have your name on them.”
Emma’s eyes widened, and she looked back down toward the box. “What?”
“They’re from 1941. World War II era, and the woman’s name is Emma. Care to guess what the guy’s name is?” Charlie asked. 
Emma laughed. “You’re kidding!”
“Nope.” Charlie shook his head and then placed the box back down. Emma grinned. 
“Let’s go take our seats and wait for this box to come up. Did you find anything?” Charlie asked.
Emma nodded. “I did.”
“And?”
“A present,” Emma replied. 
Charlie looked shocked. “For me?”
“Of course, who else would it be for?” Emma asked. 
“I’ve…” Charlie felt his throat thicken. He felt as if he’d cry again. “Thank you, Emma.”
“Well, don’t thank me yet; we have to win it first.”

Twenty minutes later, the auctioneer started the proceedings, and the box with the letters was up. Charlie was in his element; he had his paddle ready, and his wallet was full. Emma loved to watch him bid. 
“We have a box full of letters here,” the auctioneer announced. “How about we start the bid with ten dollars.”
Charlie put his paddle up, and the auctioneer began his spiel. 
Emma started getting nervous ten minutes into the bidding as the box was now up to two-thousand dollars! 
“Charlie, let’s just stop.”
“No,” Charlie replied. His retort was short, and his eyes were homed in on the auctioneer. Three people were bidding on the letters now, as five others quickly dropped out once the bid escalated past the one-thousand-dollar mark. 
“Charlie, it’s too much. It’s… way too much.”
“Not even close, Emma. You need these.”
Emma felt her bottom lip tremble. Nobody had ever been like this with her before.
“Three-thousand dollars,” Charlie called out, and the auctioneer’s voice faltered. People around them gasped, and the two other men that were holding paddles dropped theirs so fast that it was almost comical. Emma’s eyes widened. 
“What did you just do?” she asked, shocked. 
Charlie grinned. “I just bought you a great present.”

After Charlie paid for the letters, Emma found herself feeling a bit foolish over the box that she’d wanted for him. She didn’t have the kind of money Charlie obviously had. She had never met anyone that would have spent so much money on her without an agenda. 
The auctioneer was back up on the podium and Emma waited for her item to be called. It was the first back on the block after the break. 
“Here, we have some maps…these are from a single collector. They’re in great shape, too. How about we start the bid at five dollars.”
Emma raised her paddle. Charlie looked at her; his eyes were wide. 
“Maps?”
Emma nodded.
Two other people raised their paddles, and the race was on. 
The bidding didn’t take as long as Charlie’s letters had taken, but it went on long enough for Emma’s taste. She had never felt so nervous in her life. 
“Two hundred dollars,” Emma called out. 
The auctioneer looked from his left and then to his right. The other people put their paddles down, probably afraid that her friend, Charlie, would raise his own. They faltered, and the next thing Emma knew, she had won. 
She looked at Charlie. “I did it!”
Charlie’s smile was huge, but he didn’t say anything. Emma thought it looked like he’d cry again.
“Ready to go home?” Emma asked, as she went to pay for the box of maps. Charlie nodded.
“Ye…yes. I’ll meet you at the car.”
Emma handed him the car keys and grinned. “Don’t forget to pop the trunk.”

An hour later, after they’d had a lunch of soups and sandwiches, Emma and Charlie exchanged presents. Emma was nervous about the maps, but she had a feeling that Charlie would like these ones. 
Charlie opened the box, and his eyes widened. He cleared his throat. “You…you can’t possibly know what this means to me,” Charlie said as he carefully pulled out a map of Tara, the fictional estate from Gone with the Wind.
Emma grinned. “I thought you’d like it! I mean, what’s more romantic than Gone with the Wind?”
“I didn’t even see this…I’ve never seen anything like it.” Charlie looked up, tears were in his eyes. “I haven’t bought a map in years.”
“Why?”
“I never told you about Maude,” Charlie remarked. He put his head down and took a deep breath, then swiped at his eyes. 
“No, you haven’t.”
“Shortly after my parents died, I had a girl. Maude Littleton. She was pretty, a lot like you.”
Emma smiled softly at Charlie and he nodded. “She and I used to write love letters. I don’t think I’d ever loved someone so much in my life. Well, at the time, at least,” Charlie said, laughing. “I was nineteen.”
Emma grinned. “Same age as I was with Max.”
“Don’t think I didn’t notice,” Charlie said. “Anyway, she was a pretty little thing, and we’d gone out a few times, and we wrote back and forth a lot. I didn’t tell you, but I was in the military. The War letters are my favorite.”
“Which branch?” 
“Navy,” Charlie said. “My dad was in the Marines, and I had no desire to go into the armed forces; actually, I was quite against it.”
“What made you change your mind?”
“My parents died, and there was nothing left for me here. I closed the house and went to basic training. Shortly after that, I was stationed in Bremerton, Washington.”
“Nice place.”
“Rainy,” Charlie griped. 
“Yes, very rainy. And?”
“Well, I started my career there, and shortly after I met Maude. Her brother was in the service with me, and I went home on leave to their house. I didn’t have my folks, you see, and he’d invited me over to have Thanksgiving with him and his family.”
Charlie didn’t smile. 
“Then what?”
“I met Maude. She was playing the piano when I walked into the house, and I just… I stopped. I saw her, and only her. She was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen, and I told my buddy that I was going to marry her as soon as humanely possible.”
Emma laughed. “Now that’s romantic.”
Charlie blushed. “That’s what my buddy said. After a few days at the house, I got the courage to ask Maude out, and she agreed. We went to see a film and had a cherry coke afterwards.”
“Then what?” Emma was practically sitting on the edge of her seat. 
“Maude took me to an auction. She loved them. She’d collected spoons, and I had a fondness for maps. I thought it was a match made in Heaven.”
“Is that when you got the Bonaparte map?” Emma asked.
“Yes, it was at that last auction with Maude. I bought the maps, and a box of spoons for her. After the auction, we, my buddy and I, had to go back to work. We went back to Bremerton, and Maude and I started writing letters. Long letters, back and forth.”
“Love letters.”
“Yes,” Charlie agreed. “I thought so.”
“What do you mean?”
“Her letters were empty.”
Emma looked at him skeptically. “Blank?”
“There were words, but no feeling behind them.”
“How could you possibly know that?” Emma asked, confused. “What did they say?”
“They said that she loved me, that I was the only man for her, that our love was one that would transcend time. Blah blah blah.”
Emma laughed. “Well, it’s a little lame, but I’m sure that she meant all of those things, Charlie.”
“She didn’t,” Charlie commented abruptly. “They didn’t mean anything to her. At the time, I was happy, practically swooning. It wasn’t until after I came back home did I know for sure that she didn’t mean a word. I was just like you. Pissed off.”
“How could you possibly…?”
“She died, too,” Charlie interrupted.
Emma’s eyes widened. “Kindred spirits,” she muttered.
“Yes.”
“Did she…?”
“Cheat on me?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know. I don’t care anymore.”
“Then how do you know that she didn’t mean those words?”
Charlie shook his head. “Not important. I need you to listen to me, Emma.”
Emma looked into his eyes and waited for him to speak. 
“Love is important. People are important. Relationships are important.”
“Charlie, I know, it’s fine, it’s—”
“No, listen to me. Not everyone is a Max or a Maude.”
“Why are you—?”
“I just wanted to tell you that before you left for work,” Charlie said softly. “Love is important. Relationships are everything.”
Emma nodded. “I nearly forgot about work; thank God you reminded me. Emma looked up at the clock and started to stand. “You okay, Charlie?”
Charlie swallowed, and then stood up and held his arms out. “A hug before you go?”
Emma moved in to Charlie’s arms and felt them go around her.
***
After Emma left, Charlie dialed Alex Frixley’s phone number. He’d talked to him many times over the last few years, but things in his life had changed, and he wanted to tell him about everything.

Chapter Eight

 “I awake full of you. Your image and the intoxication of last night give my senses no rest.”
– Napoleon Bonaparte

It was the last Tuesday in October, and Charlie waited for Emma. There were so many things that he wanted to tell her, so many things he wanted to do, but he knew…he knew something was happening to him. It was that feeling that he got, the same as the last time. His heart. He could feel it quicken. He felt clammy, and cold. 
Charlie could hear the caddy as it pulled into the driveway, and he heard as the garage door went up. He called for Pablo, bless him, and he ran fast to Charlie’s side. 
“I love you, boy. You be good to her.” Charlie grabbed for his chest. The pain started jabbing him once more. Pablo barked loudly as Charlie leaned into the door jamb. 
Emma saw him just then. Her eyes became worried, and she ran. She ran toward him as fast as she could. Charlie managed a small smile. 
“I love you, Em.”
“No!” Emma screamed, just as Charlie fell to the ground. His eyes closed, and Emma pulled her cell phone from her pocket and dialed 911. 
“No, damn’t! Charlie! No!” 
Emma leaned Charlie’s head back and started doing CPR, but she knew, just as Charlie must have known, that he wouldn’t make it. He was already dead. 
***
Emma walked into Charlie’s home after the ambulance came and took Charlie’s body. Her eyes were red-rimmed and teary. “Oh, Pablo!”
Emma broke down and hugged Charlie’s dog for several minutes. Pablo howled. “What are we going to do?” she cried. 

Hours later, Emma called the morgue to find out what would happen with Charlie. Who would do a service? She was given a phone number from Charlie’s hospital file. Apparently, Charlie had named her next of kin. Emma was more than overwhelmed with that knowledge. 
The number was for an Alex Frixley. After a few rings, Emma cleared her throat as a man announced himself as Mr. Frixley. 
“Hi, I’m Emma Porter.”
“Charlie’s Emma?” 
Emma started to cry. She nodded, even though it wasn’t possible that he could see her. “Yes.”
“I take it he’s passed?”
“Yes,” Emma cried. This morning.”
“Did Charlie tell you anything?” Alex asked, surprised, as his conversation the night before didn’t seem as though the young girl knew anything.
“No, I just found out I was named next of kin. I want to do something for Charlie. I want a service for him, but I don’t know what to do.”
“Charlie was very specific about what he wanted to do with his body,” Alex stated. “I’d like to meet with you, if I can?”
Emma tried to stop crying, but it resulted in her hiccupping. “Ye…yes.”
“Is four okay?” Alex asked. “I have some time then.”
Emma looked at the clock. Nearly the whole day had passed her by, and she hadn’t fed Pablo or even took him for a walk. Emma felt terrible. “Yes.”
“Good. I can stop by your place around four, if that’s okay?”
“Yes, that’s fine. Emma investigated the kitchen. She hadn’t been to her apartment much in the last few weeks. My address…”
“I have it already, Ms. Porter. I’ll see you then.”
“Wait! What about Pablo?” Emma asked, shaken. “What do I do with him? He has no one.”
“Pablo can stay with you, if that’s okay?” Alex asked. 
Emma exhaled a long breath. “Yes, that’ll be fine.”
“See you at four.”
“See you then.”
Emma walked into the kitchen, grabbed a few dog treats, and then filled up Pablo’s bowl. She called for him, and he ran into the kitchen and practically attacked his dinner. Emma stood back and watched, feeling wretched. 
***
At four o’clock on the dot, Emma’s doorbell rang. She took a deep breath, and then pulled on the handle. 
“Alex?” she asked. 
“Yes, nice to meet you,” he said. “Sorry about Charlie. He cared a lot for you.”
Emma nodded. “He was my best friend.”
“I’m glad to hear that. Charlie has always been a loner. Ever since I’ve known him, I’ve never seen him with anyone or talk about anyone. In the past few months, he’d been worried about his estate, about Pablo mainly.”
Emma’s face looked pained. “He knew this was going to happen?”
Alex sighed. “Well, I wouldn’t say he knew it was coming, but he was getting on in age. He had a heart attack last year around this time and did fine. He took care of himself pretty well.”
“He told me about the heart attack last year, but I assumed that he was fine. I don’t know why.”
“Don’t beat yourself up about it, Emma. Charlie was a very happy man. He wouldn’t have wanted to burden anyone. He was proud that way.”
Emma smiled softly. “I can see that.”
“Well, shall we get down to business?” 
Emma nodded. “Yes, come on in, we can sit at the table.” Emma led him into the living room, shutting the door with her foot. “It’s just in there.”
“Small place. You’ll love it over at Charlie’s.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “What do you mean?”
“Didn’t you know?” Alex asked; “Charlie’s left you everything.”
“What?!” Emma asked. “He’s…what?”
Alex laughed softly. “I assumed you knew about the house….” Alex shook his head. “I don’t know why I assumed that, Charlie was very specific about everything.”
“When could he have possibly…?” Emma put her hand up to her mouth. “He called you last night, didn’t, he?”
Alex nodded. “Yes, around six o’clock.”
“Oh God!” 
“He’s told me a lot about you, though. He said that he could trust you with Pablo, and that you’d take care of him. I hope he’s right.”
“Oh, of course!  I want Pablo, yes.”
Alex smiled. He looked back down at the papers. “Let’s talk about the funeral service.”
Emma swallowed, unable to comprehend the fact that she was getting Charlie’s home. His beautiful home. “Okay.”
“Okay, so, he told me that he has no friends of consequence, other than you, of course. He said that he wants to be buried with his parents. They’re down the hill near Bexley Gardens. They have a plot, and it’s already paid for. He didn’t want a service at all, but he would like for you to say goodbye to him beforehand if you’d like.”
Emma was still crying, but she nodded. “Yes, I’d like that.”
“He also said for you to go into his closet and to take out his black suit. He wants to be buried in that. He told me that he put a post-it note on the bag. He wants to wear his bowler hat, too.”
Emma couldn’t help it, she laughed. “A post it note?”
Alex grinned. “I know. Eccentric, remember?”
“What else?”
“He wants a letter, handwritten by you, placed in his hands before he’s buried.”
Emma put her hand up to her mouth once more and wailed. Alex came around the table and embraced her as she cried. 
“I’m sorry,” Emma said, still crying. “It’s just…It’s…”
“He told me that you’d be upset. He was happy about that.”
“He was happy?”
“You have to understand, he hadn’t had anyone for a long time. He loved you very much.”
“I loved him, too,” Emma admitted. “He was very special to me.”
Alex frowned. “A few more things, if I may?”
Emma nodded. “Of course.”
“The house is yours, pending.”
“Pending?”
“There is a contingency on the house and the contents, if you accept.”
“What’s that?” Emma asked. Alex looked embarrassed to say the next part. 
“You must quit your job for one year.”
“Come again?”
“Mr. Hayes specifically says that he wants you to quit your job for one year.”
“How will I afford things?”
“Mr. Hayes has left you a very wealthy estate. You will receive a monthly stipend until the year is up.”
“Okay, so I don’t have to work, and I still get to live in Charlie’s beautiful house, and I get paid?”
“Yes.”
“Okay, sounds like a trick,” Emma commented. 
“Well, it sort of is. There’s another catch.”
“And?”
“You have to take one year off work and just read the love letters.”
Emma felt her face burn. She shook her head. “You’re kidding?”
Alex shook his head and looked back down at his notes. “No, I’m not.  What do you say?”
It was just like Charlie to make her read those letters. Charlie knew how afraid she was. She remembered his last passionate words… “Love is important. People are important. Relationships are important.”
“And I get to keep Pablo?” Emma asked quietly.
“Yes.”
“I’ll do it.”
Alex smiled. “Charlie said that you’d agree.”
“How do you know I’ll keep up my end of the bargain and read the letters every day?”
Alex laughed once more. “Charlie said that you’d say that, too, and he told me to tell you that he’d be watching, and if he couldn’t see you for some reason, that your guilt would tear you up inside.”
Emma laughed, and Alex started to hand her a copy of Charlie’s Will, but his hand paused mid-air. “One more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“I nearly forgot the most important part.”
“And?”
“There’s a box. This box is important, and Charlie said that it’s at the top of his closet in his bedroom.”
“What’s in it?” Emma asked, curiously. “More letters?”
“I have no idea, I just know what Charlie told me to tell you.”
“And what was that?”
“When you read the letters, you are to take the letter out of the envelope, place it into the box, and then after you’ve done that, you can proceed in reading them.”
“What?” Emma looked at Alex as if he was nuts. 
“I know, crazy, right?”
“Just a bit. Why does he want me to do that?”
“I have no idea.”
“So, I have to get some box out of the closet, put the letter in the box, and then I can read it after I take it back out?”
“Yes,” Alex said, glad that she understood. 
“This is weird, even for Charlie.”
Alex smiled once more. “That’s exactly what I said.”
“Okay, so after one year I don’t have to read any more letters?”
“Yes, and no. Charlie said in order for you to get the house you have to take the year off, read the letters, and then exactly one year from the day of his death, I am to give you a letter that Charlie has specifically written addressed to you.”
Emma’s heart quickened. “He wrote me a letter?”
“Yes, one letter.”
“Can I have it now?”
“No, one year from now, and only if you follow the instructions.”
Emma nodded, her resolve strong. “Yes, I’ll do it.”
“Good. Sign these papers, and we’ll make the agreement official. Oh, and here’s the extra set of keys from Charlie’s house.” Alex handed her a key ring with the keys to the house, and the caddy. 
“Good luck, Ms. Porter.”
“Thank you.”
“Oh, and happy reading.”
Emma smiled as she walked the lawyer to the door. “See you in one year.”
***
Emma called the temp service she worked for that night and explained to them what had happened with her friend, and then she called Kim and had her relay to all of her coworkers that she’d talked to and liked that she wouldn’t be coming back. It wouldn’t be hard to walk away from the tireless nights or the bruises, or the mediocre pay, but it would be hard to walk away from them. They were the first real friends that she’d made since making the move, and she didn’t want to lose any of their friendships.

After that call, came one after another, until she finally called her mother and father. They didn’t even know about Charlie. 
“Hi, Mom,” Emma said as she sat down on the couch, Pablo at her side. 
“It’s been a long time,” Emma’s mom griped, and then yelled, “Jack, your daughter’s on the phone.”
Emma heard the phone pick up and then her father’s voice, “Hey there, darling daughter.”
“Hi, Dad.” Emma sounded forlorn even to her own ears, and why shouldn’t she? Her best friend had died, and now she was all alone again.
“What’s happened?” her dad asked. “You sound horrible.”
“My…my friend died.”
“Oh, is this about that adulterer again? Honestly, Emma, good riddance!” Emma’s mom snarled. 
“No! It wasn’t him, and if it were, you shouldn’t say things like that!  I loved him very much, and I didn’t know all of those things about him. It wasn’t my fault!” Emma was yelling now, fuming. She was finally getting everything out, and as Charlie told her on one of their auction trips, “You need to get it all out—put your cards on the table.”
“I…I know you loved him,” Emma’s mom sputtered. 
“Then why must you say awful shit like that?” Emma asked. 
“Emma, don’t talk to your mother like that!” 
“You know, I just don’t get you guys. I called you, so I could talk to someone, and you’re both getting on me. I can’t win with you.”
“Emma, you’ve just…you’ve changed. You’re working in a factory, you’ve dated a married man, and your language is atrocious, and to top it all off, you didn’t send out all of your thank you cards.”
That was it, the final blow. “The effing thank-you cards? Really, Mom! I tell you that a friend of mine has died and you’re worried about thank you cards? Listen, I’ve sent out all the damn thank you cards, and you know what? I kept all the gifts, every last one of them down to a shitty little toaster that I threw against the wall and broke into a million pieces. I kept that, too, and you know what, I’m done. I’m not coming back home, I’m not apologizing for the ‘almost wedding’ and I’m not apologizing for Max anymore. I did what every other woman would have done, I am certain. I was in love with him, and we were dating. Not for one second did I think of asking him if he had a second family? That’s not something you do when you’re in love with someone. You trust that they are telling you the truth, you believe in love blindly. I’m glad I didn’t know, and I’m glad I had the chance to love Max, and I’m glad that he had the chance to love me. 
“What are you talking about, the man was horrible?” Emma’s mom chimed in.
“You didn’t know his home life.”
“And you did?”
“No, but everything I knew about Max doesn’t add up with him being a happy man somewhere else. Who knows, maybe he had the best of both worlds, I don’t know that, but I’d like to think that he loved me a little bit at least.”
“That’s a fool’s notion,” Emma’s mother said. 
“Liz,” Emma’s father cautioned.
Emma couldn’t believe it, not once in her entire life had her father stood up for her. 
“Well it is.”
“Well, I just wanted to let you know that my friend died, and that I won’t be home for Thanksgiving, and that I probably won’t be back for Christmas either.”
“What about my birthday?” Emma’s mom asked, irritably. She sounded like a two-year-old throwing a temper tantrum.
“I definitely won’t be back for that,” Emma confirmed. “I’ve found a home here.”
Emma heard the click of the phone being hung up, and she sat there, upset, and then she heard, “She loves you, Emma, she just doesn’t know how to go about it sometimes.”
Emma sniffed, and then took a deep breath. “You don’t either, Dad.”
“I know.”
“Well, I guess I’ll get going, too.”
“Take care of yourself.”
“I will.”
“Love you, Emma Jean.”
“I love you, too, Dad.”
***
 Three days later, Emma finished her handwritten note to Charlie, and placed it into his folded hands. She’d placed a kiss on his forehead and whispered into his ear. “You are important, Charlie. Thank you for everything. I will love you forever.”
Emma watched as they closed the casket and lowered it into the ground. She watched as the first bit of dirt was thrown on top, and she’d watched until the ground was completely covered. 
“Let’s go, Pablo,” Emma said as she walked away from Charlie one last time. “We love you, Charlie.” 
Chapter Nine

“Sending a handwritten letter is becoming such an anomaly. It’s disappearing. My mom is the only one who still writes me letters. And there’s something visceral about opening a letter—I see her on the page. I see her in her handwriting.” – Steve Carell

It had been a week since Charlie passed, and Emma had yet to read even one letter. She’d promised Charlie, though, and she had to keep her promise. She looked around the house at all the moving boxes, at all of the unpacked appliances. She’d left her furniture at her old apartment, and was glad that she did, because they would look out of place at Charlie’s. 
Apparently, Mrs. Hobbs, the old lady that rented her apartment to her, had a grandson that agreed to move in to the place until she could get it ready for rent in the spring. Emma didn’t really care what she’d do with the place, as she never considered it her home, but she felt relieved that the old lady would still have a tenant and wouldn’t lose any rent money.
Emma stopped her musings and went into the kitchen to grab a bottle of wine. She couldn’t possibly start this whole ‘love letter’ thing without a drink or two. She looked down as Pablo followed her back into Charlie’s bedroom. The room was sad. Light blue curtains hung from a tall curtain rod, and there was a pale blue bedspread on the bed. Emma hadn’t touched anything. The covers were ruffled, and there was a bottle of pills knocked over on the nightstand. Two letters stood out there as well. One was the same letter that Charlie had made her read to him at the hospital. The one from Miles to Sarah. 
Emma could do this, she just had to keep telling herself that. 
She walked to the closet, put the desk chair up close and stood on top to reach for the box. A few seconds later, Emma put a beautifully carved box on the desk next to Charlie’s bed. Her hands traced the intricate carvings as she brought the bottle of wine to her lips with her other hand.
“What’s this about, Charlie?” Emma wondered. She sat down and looked up to the ceiling. “This is for you, my friend,” she said, and then she put one of the letters in the box. She rolled her eyes as she took the letter back from the box, and then looked down to read. 
Immediately, Emma could feel her hand move straight down to the desk, and she felt her fingers tighten around a fountain pen. 

It was 1941, in the spring, and the sky was a bright blue. The birds were chirping relentlessly, and he couldn’t stop thinking of her. Of Sarah. He watched as she looked up at him and her lips moved. Miles had no idea what she was saying because his heart was so loud in his ears. It was thunderous. 
He swallowed as she started toward him, and he felt his throat thicken, and his tongue felt heavy in his mouth. How in the world would he even talk to her? 
“Hi, Miles,” she said, and Miles could feel his lips quirk up into a grin. He heard himself say hi, and he knew he had to have looked stupid as he was just staring at her, but that’s how he felt. He felt like a fool. A fool in love. 

He closed his eyes briefly and looked down at the paper in front of him and started writing. 

May 15, 1941

Dearest Sarah,

Do you remember that day at the beach? The day we met? I can’t stop thinking about it, myself. I keep thinking about you in that red swimsuit, and of your lips. Your lips were a rub red, and I couldn’t hear a word you spoke. All I could hear was the beat of my heart. And do you know what my heart said?
It said, Sarah. Just Sarah. Only Sarah. 
I’ve thought about you a million times since then, and can’t even tell you a time that I haven’t. I miss you more than ever, and can’t wait to read one of your letters. 

Forever yours, 

Miles

As soon as the signature was signed, the scene disappeared in white light and Emma was back in the room staring at the old letter. Her heart hammered in her chest and she gasped for air as if she had been holding it without knowing. What was that? Her eyes darted about the room, everything unchanged, except for one thing. Memories… memories that were not her own were stuck in her head.
She pictured Sarah, the woman to whom the letter was written. She pictured Miles, the room, the pen, everything. But most of all, she felt what he had felt… as she had read the letter, she became the man that had written it, and had felt the love he had for Sarah. The man loved her. Not some silly notion of responsibility, or a crush, or simple lust. This man loved. And Emma knew, somehow, beyond any doubt that she felt it, too. She had finally felt love.
It wasn’t hard to understand why Charlie loved these letters so much, why he loved the letters from Miles and Sarah. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, and when she opened them back up, she reached for the bottle of wine and took a healthy chug.

Chapter Ten

“You make my heart smile…” – Earl Zwissler

Months had gone by since Charlie’s death, and Emma became consumed by the letters, their stories, their authors, everything, so much so, that she hadn’t realized that her old apartment had been rented, and that there was a decent-looking man living where she’d once lived. 
She sat where Charlie sat every day, eating a bowl of cereal, and looked out the window. The man across the street was going somewhere early. Emma wondered where he was going, if he’d had a girlfriend, or if he was single like she was. She thought of Charlie, too. 
Charlie was everywhere in the house, he was in the maps, in the letters, in the few pictures that he’d had lying about. She missed him. Pablo missed him, too.
She’d read a few letters that morning, her new favorites were Miles and Sarah, but she also loved Grace and Theodore. Their love story was amazing. They’d met in the 70’s at Woodstock, and they’d fallen in love at first sight. The letters, as Charlie had predicted, made her swoon. She was lovesick. No wonder Charlie stayed single. He’d had relationships with thousands of women. It was hard to keep their stories straight. 
Emma laughed as she thought of Charlie with Grace, or with Sarah and her ruby red lipstick. She laughed as she thought of Imogene, with her black hair and her killer rack. She pictured Charlie’s blush and nearly scared Pablo with the sound of her laughter. 
“Sorry, boy.” Pablo put his mouth upon Emma’s knee and whined. “I love you, baby,” she said. “I miss Charlie, too.”
A few minutes later, Emma walked Pablo down the hall and grabbed his leash. “Let’s get out of here for an hour or so.”
“Hi,” a man’s voice called from across the street as Emma and Pablo made their way outside. Emma hadn’t realized that her new neighbor hadn’t left yet. She stilled. 
“Hi.”
“I’m Tate.” Tate looked both ways, and then crossed over to where Emma was standing. She didn’t move. 
“Hi…um, this is Pablo.” Pablo sat still and tilted his head toward Tate and then looked back at Emma. Tate laughed. 
“Nice to meet you, Pablo. Shake,” he said, and Pablo presented his paw to him. Emma’s eyes widened. 
“Pablo! You’re such a smart boy! You, smart boy, you!” Emma cooed. She bent down and kissed Pablo right on the nose. Tate grinned. 
“Hi, Pablo’s owner, do you have a name?”
Emma looked stunned for a moment, but then she cleared her throat. “Uh, yes. I’m…Emma.”
Tate grinned once again and held his hand out for Emma to take it. She looked down at the proffered hand, stunned. “Uh…”
Tate put his hand back to his side, his mouth momentarily in a frown. “I’m your new neighbor,” he offered. “I’ve never seen you out before.”
Emma thought that was a weird thing to say as this was the first time that she’d seem him, too. 
“I’ve never seen you either.”
Tate’s eyes widened in shock. “Really?”
“Why is that so hard to believe?” Emma asked, somewhat miffed. 
“You sit at that table every morning and look toward the driveway.”
Emma was shocked at his assumption. “No, I don’t.”
“Yes, you do. You look over every morning.”
“I don’t think so,” she said. She started to walk away when Tate continued talking right next to her. 
“Sure, you were. Yesterday you were wearing a red sweatshirt, and your hair was up in a ponytail.”
Emma stopped and put her hand up. “Stay away from me!”
Tate looked shaken. “No, no…don’t… Don’t be afraid. You know Mrs. Hobbs, right?”
Emma was ready to kick him between the legs. “Yes.”
“She’s my grandma. You left the furniture for me. I just wanted to tell you thank you.”
Emma took a small breath and then nodded slowly. “Oh, yes, you’re welcome.”
“I really appreciate it. These past few months would have been horrible without a couch.”
“Few months?”
“Yeah, I’ve lived here since October.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “You have?”
“Of course. You really haven’t seen me before?” Tate asked, perplexed. 
“I really haven’t.” Emma looked a bit shocked and started to look a bit worried. “I’ve been busy.”
“My grandmother said that your boyfriend died. I’m sorry.”
“How in the world did she know that!?”
Tate’s eyes widened. “Um… well, aren’t you living in his house?”
Emma started laughing, and it sounded a bit maniacal. “Uh no. Charlie was 73 years old. We were best friends.”
“So, you had a boyfriend that died?” Tate asked, confused. 
“Yes, that was months ago, did you want anything else?” Emma said, trying to dismiss him.
“Nope, that’s… just to tell you thanks for the furniture.”
“It was nothing. Glad I could help.”
Tate continued, “I really needed to get away from my folks,” Tate said, as he followed her down the sidewalk. 
“What are you doing?”
“Walking with you. So, how long have you lived in Mogadore?”
“Why are you walking with me?”
“I need the exercise, besides, it’s not that safe to walk by yourself.” 
Emma nearly smiled as she thought of Charlie saying those exact same words. “I’m not alone, I have Pablo.”
“Is your dog Mexican?” Tate joked. 
“No, he’s American!”
Tate was taken back by how serious she sounded. “I was only joking.”
“Oh,” Emma said, frowning. “Look, I don’t… I don’t do people.”
“Excuse me?”
Emma’s face reddened. “Oh my God! I didn’t mean it the way it sounded. I do people, I mean men, I mean. What I meant to say was, I don’t talk to people… I’m not good at conversing.”
Tate started to laugh, and Emma joined in. “I’m completely embarrassed.”
“You should be, that was ridiculous.”
Pablo barked, and Emma couldn’t help but think that he was agreeing with Tate’s summation of her.
***
Later that evening, when Emma had finished reading the last letter of the night, she made her way back into the kitchen, this time not turning on any of the lights. She walked toward the window and could see Tate’s living room light on. He was cute, friendly and available, and for the first time in a long while, she felt a feeling of longing. A longing for something more than friendship. It was too bad that she didn’t trust herself.

Chapter Eleven

“Other men said they have seen angels, but I have seen thee, and thou art enough.” -~ G. Moore

For months, Emma stared at the gift of letters that Charlie had bought for her, but she hadn’t been brave enough to read them yet.  For some reason, today felt like the perfect day to remedy the situation. 
Emma brought the box from the closet, and the box of letters to the table and sat down. She took a deep breath and readied herself for another adventure. Smiling, she looked up toward the ceiling and said a little prayer for Charlie, and then she took one of the envelopes out of the gift box and placed it into the magical one.
A minute later, she felt her hand grasping a fountain pen and she was on some island somewhere in the South Pacific, staring at a beautiful woman.

It was a hot day, and Charlie Smith was smiling. He’d just gotten off work when he decided he’d spend the rest of his night at the beach. He drove for hours until he found a good private spot along the coast. The sand was white, and the surf was coming in far down the shoreline. He took a blanket from his car along with a pair of shoes and a picnic basket, and then he found himself placing the blanket upon the sand yards from the ocean. 

July 30th, 1941

Dear Emma, 

Do you remember the day we met? I’d just gotten off work, and you were spending the day hanging out with your cousin, Martha. And, she ditched you to go hang with her new guy. 
I could have kissed your cousin. 
Emma, you can’t know what I felt when I first saw you, you can only hear the words that come from my heart. You were everything. I’d never seen anyone that beautiful. Your eyes, your hair, your lips…
Everything about you was beautiful that day, and now, years later, you’re just as beautiful, even more so, and we’re old now, writing love letters to pass the time, enjoying each other’s company, awaiting the arrival of two new grandchildren, even during this horrible time of war. 
But yet it’s not so bad, because you’re here with me, and we get to dream together. No more working long hours, no more waiting to get to be together. We can just be, and we can just breathe. It’s a good feeling…the best. 
So, on this day, I say to you, Happy Anniversary, my darling. Fifty years is a long time for some, and an eternity for others, but for me and you, it’s only the beginning. 
With Love, 
Your Charlie
XXOO

The scene disappeared in white light as it had a million times, and Emma was back in the kitchen, staring at the old letter, with tears in her eyes. She gasped and put her hand to her mouth. She looked up to the ceiling once more and closed her eyes. “Thank you so much for the present, Charlie. I’ve found my new favorite couple.”

Emma wiped her eyes and looked out the window. She’d been in the letter for quite a while that time, as most of the day had passed by. She looked at the clock, she’d lost several hours now, and watched as Tate pulled into his driveway. A few moments of watching him, told her that he was having car problems. 
Emma wondered how long he’d be outside as it was March, and it was still very cold. She went to the hall closet, grabbed a coat, and called for Pablo. Maybe they’d get a walk in, and she could find out what exactly Tate was doing.

Tate looked up when Emma crossed the street. He was standing in front of the hood of his car with a flashlight. 
“Hey there,” Tate said, smiling. “Nice day.”
“Yeah, it’s not too bad I guess,” Emma shivered slightly, and then nodded toward the hood of his car. “What’s going on?”
“A little car trouble.”
“Why are you out here fixing it now?”
“I don’t want to drive it too far without checking to make sure it’s okay, and I need to change the Serpentine belt or it’s going to snap. I don’t know if you’ve heard that screeching sound in the mornings when I leave for work, but it needs changing.”
“Where do you work?” Emma asked, shocked that she was being so nosy. Tate must have been too as his eyes widened with the question. 
“I’m a vet.”
“You’re in the service?” Emma asked. 
Tate grinned. “No, God, no. I wouldn’t survive that. I’m a veterinarian. Animal doctor.”
Emma’s face reddened. “Oh…” She looked down at Pablo, and then back to Tate. It made a bit more sense now, with Tate shaking Pablo’s hand, and Pablo always wagging his tail like an idiot when Tate was around. 
“Yeah, I have an office a few blocks from here.”
“So, you needed a close place to stay,” Emma said, nodding. 
“I used to live with my folks, and when you cut out on my grandmother, she was bitching about it to the family. I took the chance and got the hell out of my parents’ basement.”
Emma flinched. “I didn’t exactly cut out.”
“You cut out, but it was a good thing. If you wouldn’t’ have done so, I’d never have met you.” Tate winked as Emma’s face reddened even more. “Hold on a second, would you?” Tate asked as he went to start his car, and the familiar screech sounded in the air.
“Holy hell,” Emma cried. “That’s really loud out here.”
“See? Yeah, so I have to get this thing on, but it’s so damn cold.” Tate put his hands up to his mouth and blew on them. “You better get inside, it’s too cold to be out chatting.”
“I… well, if you’d like to use my garage, you can.”
Tate looked at her, stunned. “Really?”
Emma swallowed. “Yeah, sure. I mean, it’s a big garage, and it’s too cold out here for you to be working and…”
“I could kiss you, Em.”
Emma’s eyes widened and Tate grinned. “Yes, I’d love to use the garage today.”
“You can just park in there this winter…till spring steps in and makes everything warmer,” Emma said, gesturing with her gloved hand to the trees and surrounding area. “Here, you can have this.” She handed him a remote control, so he could open the garage door, and then she turned toward her house and started to cross the street.
“Em.”
Emma turned around, her breathing in small gasps. “Yes?”
“Thank you. That was the sweetest thing that anyone has ever done for me.”
“You need to get out more often,” Emma said, and then she heard Tate’s laughter fill the air.

Chapter Twelve

“Love doesn’t just sit there, like a stone; it has to be made, like bread, remade all the time, made new.”
~-  Ursula K Le Guin

Emma was hopelessly in love with Charlie, and she couldn’t help it. As she read the Charlie/Emma letters, she felt her heart soar, and her head was constantly in the clouds. She felt Charlie’s love for Emma, and she pictured it as his love for her. Gone were her worries of Max, and of the wedding, and here were the love letters, the wonderfully fabulous love letters, Charlie’s last gift to her.
Emma sighed as she thought of Charlie Smith. 
Then she heard the door. 
Emma stood fast, nearly knocking down her chair.  She walked to the back door, where she saw Tate standing on the stoop. 
“Yeah?”
Tate smiled at her and looked in the house. “Can I come in?”
She gave him an odd look, and then she wrinkled her nose. “Why?”
“Because you want to invite me in, and it’s cold.”
“I don’t think so.”
“You don’t think it’s cold, or you don’t want to invite me in?” 
“Tate,” Emma sighed. “I’m…busy.”
“Doing?”
“Reading.”
“What are you reading?”
Emma rolled her eyes and stepped to the side. It had been a month now since she’d allowed Tate use of Charlie’s garage. “Love letters.”
Tate’s grin widened. “Really?”
“Yes,” she said, gritting her teeth. 
“Can I see one?”
Emma was already shaking her head. “No, they’re private.”
Tate frowned. “I didn’t know you were seeing anyone.”
Emma felt a bit stupid. “I’m not.”
“Then they’re from your ex?”
Emma scoffed. “No, Max never wrote a love letter to me.”
“Charlie’s love letters then?” Tate asked. 
“Why do you care whose love letters they are?”
Tate swallowed, and put his hands in his pockets, following her into the kitchen. She picked a letter up from the table and then put it into a box and set the box to the side. 
“Well, it’s kind of complicated.”
Emma gestured for him to sit down. “Coffee?”
Tate nodded. “Yes.”
“Black?”
Tate nodded once more.
Emma walked over to her Keurig maker and put in a KCup. Once she pushed the button she turned around. “Okay, so what’s complicated?”
Tate took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Well, I like you, Emma.”
Emma’s heart started to pick up tempo. “Wh…what?”
“I like you,” Tate said. “Like you, like you.”
“Shit.”
The coffee maker started sounding, and Tate’s coffee was done. Emma turned toward the Keurig and pulled the mug out and placed it in front of him on the table, and then she turned back around and started another one for herself. 
“Aren’t you going to say something?” Tate asked. Emma turned around and looked at him. He was sitting there, hands around his mug, looking nervous.
“I did.”
“You did, what?”
“I said something.”
“No, you didn’t.”
“Yes, I did. I said, shit.”
Tate made a low sound in his throat and then shook his head. “Say something else.”
“Something else.” Emma couldn’t help it, she knew she was being obstinate, but she didn’t understand why Tate was doing this. She wasn’t in love with him, she was in love with…
Her eyes widened. “Shit.”
“You said that,” Tate commented.
“I know, and I…I can’t do this right now.” Emma rushed around the kitchen, putting things away, not making eye contact with Tate, and making him nervous all the same. 
“Why can’t you just admit that you like me? I don’t get it. You’re single, I’m single…”
“It’s not that simple,” Emma cried. “Please, please just go.”
Tate’s jaw tightened, and Emma could see the tension building on his forehead. 
“We’re going to talk,” Tate said, voicing his distain. “You have to talk to me.”
“Not now, okay?” Emma was at a near panic attack. 
“When then?” Tate asked as he stood and followed Emma toward the back door. 
“Soon.”
Tate paused in front of Emma and thought about leaning in and kissing her but didn’t. “Go out with me.”
Emma shook her head, scared. 
“Why?”
“Because I’m not in love with you,” Emma whispered.
Tate waited a few moments before he nodded. “Okay, I guess we’ll have to remedy that then, won’t we?”
Emma didn’t move, but Tate watched as her pulse jumped in the vein on her neck. He moved in close toward her mouth and whispered as he looked into her eyes. “I’m not giving up on you, Em.”
Emma nodded, and took a huge breath after he opened the door and left leaving her to go out to his car.
***
Emma walked into the living room and plopped down onto the couch cushions, devastated at what she’d just discovered. She, Emma Jean Porter, was in love, with a fictional character! Well, not fictional in the real sense, but he may as well have been. He wasn’t living or breathing, or anything as exciting as Tate Hammond. No, he was a figment, a relic of the past, he was a damned man in a love letter, and she was hopelessly in love with him! And then there was Tate. The man made her pulse jump each time he was near, and tonight he’d asked her out. Her! 
Anyone with half a brain would have accepted such a gracious invitation, but not her. No, not her. She needed her head examined. 
Emma put her head in her hands and started to cry. There wasn’t anyone for her to talk to. Charlie was dead, her mother was worthless in affairs of the heart, and Cheryl would just tell her she was stupid and to go for Tate. 
 She looked up at the calendar from where she was sitting on the couch and noted the date: Tuesday, March 10th, 2015. 
“Taco Tuesday,” Emma whispered. Kim. Emma pulled her phone from her pocket and dialed the saved number. Kim answered in one ring. 
“What the hell do you want?” she asked, and then laughed. 
Emma hesitated, and then decided to go for broke. “I really need to talk to someone.”
“Well, you know where I’m at…come on over in a few hours. Taco Tuesday, remember?” 
Emma sighed. “Yes, I do.”
“You have a car, right?”
Emma did, thanks to Charlie. “Yeah.”
“Sorry about your friend, Em.”
“Thanks.”
“Okay, so I’m going to take a quick nap before the herd of people get here, and then we’ll all cook something fabulous together. Bring some salsa and some chips.”
Emma laughed softly. “What kind?”
“Hell, it doesn’t matter, we’ll eat anything that has an expiration date.”
“Okay, sounds good.”
Emma disconnected the phone and leaned back into the couch cushions, glad to have made a connection with the outside world. Now, she’d have to find something decent to wear.
***
Tate Hammond drove to his office with a grin on his face. His neighbor, Emma Porter, was probably the most interesting woman that he’d ever met. She was surly, beautiful, complicated, and she read love letters. Love letters! Tate grinned, thinking of her sitting down in her heart-shaped-candy pajama pants, reading those ridiculous love poems and notes. 
Since he’d met her, he couldn’t get her out of his mind. She’d led a lonely life as far as he could tell. She didn’t leave the house much, either, but since he’d met her officially, she’d been coming out a little more, and that made Tate all the happier.
Today, however, she’d been nervous, and Tate could tell that she’d wanted him, even though she’d probably never admit it to herself. He’d have to go slow, court her somehow—like they did in the old days, show her that he could be just as romantic as the men in those silly letters that she’s read. 
He’d have to wait.
Tate was horrible at waiting.
***
Emma just pulled outside of Kim’s house when she started to panic a bit. She’d never been there before, and she hadn’t seen any of these people since she’d stopped working at Rubbermaid nearly six months ago. She took a deep breath, and then opened the car door, grabbing a few grocery bags full of ‘Mexican food’ items. Just then, the door opened, and Kim popped her head out. 
“Hey, woman, get in here, Carlos is about to eat a ghost pepper.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Seriously, those things are…”
“Holy shit, this thing is fuc…ahhh!” Carlos screamed.
Kim’s mouth formed into a grin and her eyes were fairly laughing. “Ha! He’s done it. Come on.”
Emma nodded, and locked the doors with her key fob.
The house was crowded with people, and smelled like a mixture between good Mexican food, stale chips and gas. Serious gas. Emma’s nose scrunched, and Kim started laughing.
“That’s Jonas,” she said, pointing to a large black man in the corner. “He’s nasty.”
Jonas put his hand up in the air and waved. “I’m nasty in other ways, too,” he said, grinning. His eyebrows wriggled, too, making Emma laugh. 
“I’ll take your word for it,” Emma said, and to that Kim leaned in and whispered. 
“He is, but he’s mine, so don’t even think about it.”
Emma coughed, nearly choking. “No, that…”
“Just kidding.” Kim gestured to three tables that were covered in food dishes and grocery store bags. “You can put your stuff over there. Whatcha got in there anyway?”
“Oh,” Emma said, smiling nervously, “Um…just a few things.”
Kim took the bag and her eyes widened. “Holy shit, Em, you rich or something?”
Emma’s eyes darted around nervously. “No, why?”
“You got the good salsa and guac. Check this shit out, guys,” Kim said to the group of people as she held up a few of the jars that Emma brought. Emma couldn’t help herself, she laughed. “Hardly.”
“Thanks for this. So, you know most everyone here, except for these kids.” Kim pointed to three good looking children that were playing an X-box. “Those are mine, and you don’t know Jamie.”
Emma looked to where she was pointing and waved. “Hi.”
Jamie waved back and continued in on a conversation that he was having with Donna, another coworker from the factory.

After about thirty minutes of eating, things started to die down a bit, and Emma decided to approach Kim about her little problem. 
“So, do you have a few minutes?” Emma asked. Kim was sitting on the couch now, her hand placed upon her stomach. She looked content.
“Yeah, so what’s up? You missing your sugar daddy?”
Emma nearly snorted. She’d expected this from Kim, so she wasn’t surprised. “For the one-millionth time, he was never my sugar daddy.”
Kim laughed. “I know, just playin’ ya. So, what’s up?”
“Okay, so…this is hard to say.”
“Just come out and say it.”
“There’s this guy…”
“Ohh… I like it already. What’s he look like, how’s his ass, and does he have a brother?”
Emma did laugh now. “You’re so crass. He’s cute, as far as asses go, his is quite nice, and I don’t know if he has a brother.”
“Quite nice,” Kim mocked, using her ‘regal’ voice.
“Yeah, well, it is. Anyway, he told me today that he liked me.”
Kim rolled her eyes. “How did he tell you? Was he all in your face, or did he play it cool?”
Emma bit her bottom lip and tried to think about how to explain Tate. “I suppose he just…I don’t know, he seemed nervous about it, but then he told me that we needed to talk.”
“Sounds hot. Do you have his phone number?”
“No, why?”
“I’d get his phone number and send him a sexy text.”
“Girl, I love sexting,” Donna chimed in, and sat next to Kim. She looked at Emma. “Tell him you like the way he fills out his jeans.”
“What?! I’m not telling him that! Besides, I don’t know if I should lead him on… I mean, I kind of like someone else.”
“The plot thickens,” Tatiana, another girl with long black hair in braids added. She sat ‘Indian-style’ in front of Kim and Donna, and right next to Emma. 
“Hi, Em,” Tatiana said, and then looked at her and motioned with her right pointer finger. “Go on.”
Emma shook her head, and then continued. “Okay, so, I mean, Tate is cute, but…”
“Mmm… Tate. Tate is great,” Kim mocked. She licked her lips like a vixen and winked at me. “Go for him. Can you imagine? Tate, you’re so hot, Tate, make wild, hot monkey sex with me!”
Emma’s face reddened, and she leaned forward and swatted Kim on the leg. Kim laughed hard and covered herself with one of the couch pillows. “Stop that!”
“Okay, I’ll stop,” Kim pouted. “Tell us about this other guy.”
“Charlie,” Emma sighed. 
“The old man?” Kim asked. “I thought you said he wasn’t…”
“No, not him, Charlie Smith.”
“So, another Charlie?” Donna asked, confused as everyone else. 
“Yes,” Emma agreed. 
“How many Charlies can one girl possibly find?” Tatiana chimed. 
Emma took a deep breath. “Two. But in this case, Charlie Smith, is just…”
Kim grinned. “How does he kiss?”
Emma looked down at her hands, and the others misinterpreted the action. 
“Holy shit, that good, huh?” Kim said, grinning toward Donna. “Does he lick you? I had a guy do that once, and it was wild.”
“Don’t be fooled,” Donna said, “she does that to every guy she’s with.”
Emma snorted. “No, I haven’t been licked on the mouth by anyone, gross, and no I haven’t kissed him.”
“This is the most confusing night of my life,” Kim agreed. “So, you haven’t kissed this guy, but you’re what?”
“In love with him,” Emma admitted. 
Kim’s eyes widened. “But what if he kisses like one of those weirdos from Match.com or something—like with his whole mouth, where he swallows you like you’re something incredibly edible?”
Emma started laughing. “Wait, what?”
“I’m just saying, that shit happens,” Kim replied, and Donna and Tatiana nodded as if they’d gone through the same exact thing. 
Emma’s face scrunched, and she shook her head quickly. “I can’t imagine him kissing like that.”
“Well, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Emma put that information into her backlog. 
“So, what do you do if you don’t kiss?”
“We…”
“Come on, tell us,” Tatiana pleaded.
“He’s not really real.”
Donna’s eyes narrowed, as did Tatiana’s and Kim’s. “Wait, what are you talking about?” Donna asked. 
Kim looked down. “He’s…”
“Is this guy like a movie star or something? Because, if he is, I get it. I told some people that I was dating Heath Ledger for a few years in the 90’s,” Kim said, and then looked at Emma as if it were completely normal. 
“No, and good on you, Heath was fantastically hot.”
Kim grinned. “I know, right?”
“So, if he’s not a celebrity, then what is he?” Donna asked. 
“He’s a guy that wrote a love letter.”
Tatiana grinned. “Someone wrote you a love letter? That’s sweet. I’ve always wanted one of those, but the guys I date don’t know how to read…so, writing is pretty much given to be out of the whole realm of possibilities.”
“Well, the letter wasn’t really to me, it was a gift. It was from Charlie.”
“The guy who wrote the letter?” Kim asked. 
Emma shook her head. “No, Charlie Smith wrote the letter, and Charlie Hayes bought them for me.”
Kim stood up abruptly. “Either I’m the dumbest bitch in the world or you’re horrible at telling a story. Either way, I needs a drink. Anyone with me?”
Emma winced, and then nodded. Tatiana stood up and walked over to one of the three tables and grabbed a few bottles of beer and handed them to Emma, Donna and Kim, and then opened one for herself.
They each took a long swig, and then Kim sighed. “That’s good shit.”
Emma nodded in agreement and awaited the onslaught of questions.
“So, Charlie dead guy bought you some letters, right?” Kim asked.
Emma winced, but then nodded. 
 “And they were from this other Charlie guy, but not really written to you.”
“Yes.”
“And you’ve been sitting in the dead guy’s house doing nothing but obsessing over these letters, and now you’re in love with him?”
Emma nodded excitedly. “Yes.”
“What the fuck, Kim? You got that from one swig of beer,” Donna said.
Kim laughed. “I told you the shit was good.”
Emma laughed. “She’s good,” Emma said, looking from Donna to Kim. “Yes. That’s exactly it.”
“And meanwhile, there’s this hot piece of ‘quite nice’ ass that likes you and you’re contemplating on whether to be with him or to be in love with a fictional nobody?”
Emma frowned. “Well when you put it that way…”
“There’s no other way to put it. Don’t be a dumb bitch, go out with Tate.”
Emma snorted, and Tatiana and Donna agreed with Kim. She needed to open her eyes, seize the day…
“How do I even go about it?” Emma wondered. 
“You just tell him that you want him, and he’ll go for it. Men are easy. Just ask Desmond.”
Emma hadn’t seen him when she came into the house, but she did now. He was sitting in front of the television with his mind focused in on the X-box. 
“Dessy,” Kim called. “Want to make out?”
Desmond stopped mid-game playing and stood up. “Hells yes, woman.”
“See,” Kim said. “Easy. Seize the day.”
Emma stood up, encouraged now. “Okay… I’ll just…”
“Seize the day,” Donna finished.
***
Tate got home at 6 PM and he was shocked to see that Emma’s car was gone. He looked forward to the nights when he’d get off work, and she’d be sitting by the window. Tate liked to think that she was waiting for him, making sure that he got home from work okay. So, it was a pipe dream now since she’d said that she was in love with someone else, which if Tate were completely honest, that killed him a little.
He took his time, unloading his car, hoping that she’d arrive just as he was going back over to his house, but she didn’t come home.
Tate put the garage door down, and headed back to his apartment, feeling depressed. 

Three hours later, Tate still waited for Emma to come back. It wasn’t like her to go anywhere, let alone be gone so long. He kept looking out his window, wondering where she had gone, and just before midnight, she finally arrived, looking no worse for the wear. Tate hurriedly got to his feet, and grabbed his jacket before opening his front door, and crossing the street to see where the hell she’d been. 
“Hey,” Tate said, coming up the drive. Emma turned toward him and looked shocked to see him. 
“Tate? What…did something happen?”
Tate was about five feet from where she stood now. “Where were you all night?”
Emma frowned. “At a friend’s, why?”
“A friend’s, who?”
Emma rolled her eyes. “That’s not any of your business.” She turned to walk to her back door, but Tate blocked the way. 
“You said we’d talk.”
Emma huffed. “Not now, and you said that, not me.”
“Was it a guy?”
Emma paused by the door. “Why does that matter to you?”
“Was it the guy, the one that you’re in love with?”
Tate’s eyes were near bloodshot, and he looked tired. “Are you okay?”
He swallowed. “No…I’m not okay; I’ve waited all night for you to get home.”
Emma nodded. “Well, I’m here.”
“That’s it…you’re not going to say anything?”
“What do you want me to say, Tate? I’m tired. We can talk tomorrow.”
“Go out with me.”
Emma looked into his eyes and sighed. “Why do you keep doing this? We were fine… You use the garage, and I say hi, why do we have to make this complicated?”  Emma couldn’t seize the day. Her heart was flopping around in her chest like a mad dog with a bone. 
“Life is complicated. I’m… we’re getting older. I’m… I have a good job.”
Emma laughed. “Yeah, you do, and that’s great. I’m happy for you.”
Tate scoffed. “So, you think that’s funny?”
“Don’t get me wrong, Tate, I’m happy that you have things the way you want them.”
“So, you offering the garage was you just being nice? There wasn’t any kind of hidden agenda?”
Emma took a deep breath and put her key in the door. “I’m cold, Tate.”
Tate nodded as she opened the door, and he pushed his way in behind her. 
“Really?”
“This can’t wait.”
“Don’t you need to work in the morning?”
Tate smiled. “You’re worried about me?”
Emma laughed. “No, I’m not. I want you gone. Go…”
“Just tell me that you weren’t at the guy’s house.”
“Why does this mean so much to you?” Emma asked. Pablo practically knocked her to the ground as he came running from the hallway. “There’s my baby. Let’s get you some food.”
Emma walked into the kitchen, straight to the cupboard.
“I told you why.”
“So, you like me, I get it. I just don’t get why you have to force it.”
Tate ran his fingers through his hair, mussing it further than it usually was. He was wearing a red flannel shirt, and a pair of lounge pants. Emma didn’t notice before. He looked adorable. She smiled. 
“You’re so frustrating. You act like you don’t care, but you do, and then you look at me like that, and you… Just admit that you like me, too.”
Emma ignored Tate and got down on the floor with Pablo. “I missed you, baby. I’m sorry I wasn’t home for dinner.”
“Emma,” Tate said, frustrated, “talk to me.”
“Tate, I told you months ago, I’m not good with people.”
Tate knelt to where she and Pablo sat and looked at her. “I’m not people, I’m me, and you know me.”
Emma wanted to seize the day, but something was holding her back. “Do I?”
“What does that mean?”
“I really don’t know you, I mean, you’re the guy across the street, the one that fixes his car in his pajamas, and the one that whistles that stupid Bon Jovi song while he’s getting his mail. You’re the guy that comes over here and just…you bug me. You don’t really say anything, you just…I don’t know. And lately, you’re…you’re everywhere.”
Tate smiled softly. “You say you don’t know me, but that’s a lot of things to know about a person that you don’t care about.”
“I’m not saying that I don’t care about you, I’m just…I’m saying that…”
“You care about me,” Tate whispered. “Just admit it.”
Emma’s eyes met Tate’s and she swallowed. I’m tired. I really need to go to bed.”
Tate’s shoulders fell, and he looked down at his hands. “Were you with Charlie?”
Emma’s eyes widened. “What…how did you?”
“I saw the letters, Em.”
“Don’t call me that,” Emma said, her voice biting. 
“Why, is that what he calls you?”
“You know, just because I don’t want to go out with you, doesn’t mean you have to be horrible.” Emma stood up from the floor and her eyes narrowed. “You are nothing like him.”
“What do I have to be? I come here… I… I’ve never even seen this guy. Who is he?”
Emma started crying now. “He’s…he’s…” Emma could hear Kim’s voice in her head, combatting with Charlie’s lovely penmanship. She closed her eyes and tried to get her composure back. When she opened them, Tate was gone, and then she heard a door slam. 
Her heart was beating a fast tempo, and the tears that she’d cried made her face all wet. 
He’d seen the letters. He’d seen Charlie’s name on them, and he’d seen hers as well. The only thing he hadn’t seen was the dates—1941-1945. 


Chapter Thirteen

“There is only one situation I can think of in which men and women make an effort to read better than they usually do. It is when they are in love and reading a love letter.” – Mortimer Adler

One Week Later…

Emma was sitting on the couch when she heard the sound. She stood up and walked over to the door, motioning for Pablo to follow. She peeked through the curtain, and her heart started to beat a little faster. 
Tate. 
Emma took a deep breath and opened the door, her eyebrow quirked.
Tate looked into her eyes and her breath hitched. She waited for the familiar question and heard nothing but her own sigh as he leaned in and kissed her.
Her arms moved up and around his neck, pulling him in toward her, as his hands were in her hair. “Finally,” he whispered. 
Emma giggled softly. “Yeah.” He kissed her lips, and then her neck. 
“Go out with me.”
Emma nodded slowly, and her lips turned up into a grin. “Seize the Day,” Kim’s voice pounded in her mind. “Okay.”
“Yeah?” 
“Yes.”
“Thank God.”
***


That night, she read five letters, and none of them held a candle to the kiss she shared with Tate. She didn’t think the smile on her lips would ever fade.
***
The next day, Tate knocked on her door shortly after six PM. Emma answered to a handful of roses. She smiled as Tate pushed his way in and had his mouth on hers. 
“I’ve missed you,” Tate said softly. He pushed Emma toward the wall, and kicked the door closed with his foot. Emma put the roses on the counter next to her, and then put her hands in his hair, and she was breathing hard. “Tell me you’ve missed me, too.”
“I…”
Tate groaned and let his lips trail down her neck and then back up toward her mouth. “Your skin is so soft.” He pulled back slowly, and then nipped her lips once more. “Let’s sit down and talk.”
Emma didn’t have time to talk as Tate took her hand and led her to the couch. 
“How was your day?” Tate asked. He kept hold of her hand and rubbed his thumb over the top of her knuckles.
“I…uh…”
Tate grinned. “That good, huh?”
Emma’s laugh was abrupt. “Yes, I…It was fine.”
“Fine? What did you do?”
“I… I read…”
Tate’s thumb stopped its movement. “What did you read?”
Emma swallowed, not knowing if she should tell Tate the truth or not. They were sort of seeing each other, and she didn’t want to screw up anything. “Letters.”
Tate faced Emma. “Love letters?”
Emma’s face looked pained, and Tate grimaced. Emma nodded. 
“Why?”
“Habit?” Emma offered. She didn’t know why she didn’t just tell Tate about Charlie’s Will, but it felt too private, and besides, it wasn’t a big deal.
“You really like those things, don’t, you?”
Emma’s face softened. “Yes.”
“What if I wrote you one, would you read it?”
Emma’s heart beat faster, and then she looked down at their joined hands. “I’d be afraid to.”
When she looked up at Tate, his lips moved into a smile. “Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”
“I don’t know,” Emma said honestly. “Could be both.”
“We’ll go slow,” Tate said, with meaning.
Emma exhaled, and nodded. “Good.”
“Let’s watch a movie or something,” Tate said, as he put his feet up on her coffee table. Emma sighed as she leaned back into the cushions. She handed him the remote, and he grinned down at her. “You’ll let me pick?”
Emma laughed softly. “I don’t care what we watch.”
“What if it’s something you’ve already seen?”
“I doubt it. Unless there’s something from years ago, I haven’t watched TV much.”
“What do you do in this house all day long?” Tate asked, surprised by her admission. 
“I read.”
“That’s all?” Tate asked.
“Yeah, pretty much, and play with Pablo.”
“Are you rich or something?” Tate asked, confused. “I mean, don’t you have to work? Or are you a writer?”
Emma was surprised that he was even asking her. “I thought you knew about Charlie.”
Tate frowned. “I don’t want to talk about the ‘other guy’…”
Emma shook her head. “Not that Charlie, Charlie that lived here.”
“What about him?”
“He left me the house, and everything in it.”
“I really don’t know enough about it,” Tate admitted. “I’ve been curious, but you haven’t exactly been forthcoming with information.”
Emma looked down at their joined hands once more. “Charlie was my best friend. He really saved me.”
“How so?” 
“He was there for me… no matter what. I really miss him.”
Tate nodded. “I’m sorry that you’ve had to go through so much since moving here. My grandmother tells me that you were only in the apartment for a few months.”
Emma smiled softly. “Yep. I met Charlie the first day I moved here. He watched me from that window over there.” Emma pointed toward the kitchen window. The same window that she’d watched Tate out of, too.
“I know that window,” Tate said softly. 
Emma sighed. “Yeah.”
“Tell me more.”
“What do you want to know?”
Tate looked into her eyes and his other hand made its way up to her cheek. He caressed her skin for a few moments and then leaned in toward her. “Everything. Tell me everything.”
Emma nodded slowly. “Okay.”
Chapter Fourteen

“It was a million tiny little things that, when you added them all up, they meant we were supposed to be together forever…and I knew it.” – Tom Hanks, Sleepless in Seattle

May

The days and nights were running into each other, and Tate had been over nearly every hour that he wasn’t at work. Emma told him everything about herself, except for the letters and of the box. Those were Charlie’s secrets, and they weren’t hers to tell. She waited for the six o’clock hour to come. She missed Tate. She loved kissing him and holding him. She wanted him…
When she saw his car round the bend, Emma stood up and walked to the back door, and opened it. 
“Hey there,” she called out. 
Tate smiled wearily. “Hey,” he said as he got out of the car and walked up to where Emma stood. Pablo was by her side once again, and he knelt to pet him. When he stood up, he looked sad. 
“What’s happened?” Emma asked, concerned. 
“It was a bad day.”
“Oh, well…come in; I’ve made dinner.”
Tate’s eyes widened slowly. “You made me dinner?”
She smiled softly. “Yeah, it’s not much it’s just…”
Tate interrupted her with a kiss. Emma’s arms wrapped around him and she closed her eyes, throwing everything into the moment. Tate groaned. 
“What happened?”
“I’ll tell you inside.”
“Why am I worried?”
“My dad.”
Emma and Tate had never talked about his family before, and it was kind of odd because he had done nothing but pry her for the details of her life. Suddenly, she felt bad for not doing the same with him. 
“Seize the day,” Kim’s voice sounded in her mind.
“Is he okay?”
 Tate sat down at the kitchen table and his shoulders slumped forward. Emma didn’t have a clue what to do. “Tate… is your dad, okay?”
“He died.”
Emma gasped, and she put her arms around him. “Oh, God, honey, I’m so sorry.”
Tate’s soft cry did something to her. She squeezed him tighter. He turned toward her and put his head against her and wrapped his arms around her waist. “I didn’t get to say goodbye.”
“What happened? I mean…how?”
“He was in a car accident this morning.”
Emma ran that through her head. “When did you find out?”
“After breakfast.”
After breakfast, after he left her and went to work. He found out that long ago and was just now telling her. She tried not to be disappointed with the information, but it was telling for her. He must not have …  
“Oh…”
Tate looked up and moved his hands to her face. “I wanted to tell you earlier. I wanted to call you, to have you come to the hospital to be with me, but my mother…she was just. She’s …”
Emma closed her eyes, feeling like shit for automatically assuming the worst. Damn, Max, she thought.
“It’s okay, I don’t know what to say. Where’s your mom now?”
Tate took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. “She’s at home. My brothers are there.”
“You have brothers?”
Tate looked up at her shocked expression. “I have three. I’ve never told you that?”
Emma shook her head slowly. “Baby, I’m sorry. I…” Tate’s eyes looked somewhat devastated. 
“It’s fine…it’s just.”
“I’m a lousy boyfriend.”
“No,” Emma shook her head, “no you’re not. If anything, it’s my fault. We’ve just never talked about it. I’m sorry.” Emma touched his face with her right hand and leaned in for a kiss. “Tell me what to do. Do you want something to eat? Have you eaten?”
Tate shook his head. “Not since breakfast.”
“Oh, honey, you need to eat. Let me get you a plate.”
Tate looked up and nodded slowly. “Thank you.”
Emma paused for a moment before she fixed a plate of Spaghetti for Tate. “You’re very welcome.”
Emma moved around in the kitchen, grabbing everything for dinner, when Tate got a phone call. 
“Hello?”
“Jason, I’m at Emma’s. Yeah, she’s feeding me now.” Tate looked up at Emma and smiled. “She’s wonderful. I will if she says yes. Yeah, tell mom that I’ll be over in the morning. Okay, love you, bro.”
Tate hung up, and he noticed Emma’s expression. She looked sort of panicked. “Are you okay?”
“What were you talking about?”
Tate looked at her curiously. “That was my brother, Jason. He was just checking up on me.”
“I got that much.”
“Emma, what’s wrong?”
“What will you do if I say yes?” Emma repeated what he had just said.
Tate scrunched his nose up in thought and then took a deep breath. “Jason was just worried about me, that’s all. He wanted to know if I was staying here tonight, or if I was going home.”
Emma exhaled. “Oh.”
“Wait, what did you…?” Tate’s eyes widened. “Did you think that…?”
Emma put her hand up to halt the conversation, and Tate closed his mouth.
“Let’s just eat,” Emma said, and then sat down next to Tate and lifted her fork to her mouth.
Tate did the same, hoping that the elephant in the room would just go away. 

Tate got up shortly after supper and headed for the back door, taking Emma along with him. “Thanks for dinner, Em. I appreciate it, and the shoulder.” He leaned in and kissed her lips briefly, and then pulled back. “I’m going to head home.”
“Why?”
Tate’s eyebrow quirked up and he tilted his head. “I’m…well, to be honest, it didn’t seem like you wanted me to stay.”
Emma shook her head. “No, I do. I do want you to stay. I don’t want you to be alone.”
“I don’t need your pity, Em. I wanted your support, that’s why I came home.”
“Home?”
Take took a deep breath. “Emma, you’ve become my home.”
Emma’s heart was beating fast. “Stay.”
Chapter Fifteen

“I love her, and that’s the beginning and the end of everything.” –F. Scott Fitzgerald

Tate watched Emma’s lips as she mouthed the word and his heartbeat was so loud in his ears that he couldn’t think. Stay… She told him to stay. 
“Why?”
Emma swallowed, and then moved into his body. “Because I want this.”
She touched his cheek with her right hand, and his eyes closed, feeling every sensation that she was giving him. He leaned into her and his jaw tightened. His whole body was tense. 
“Touch me,” Emma whispered. 
She didn’t have to tell him twice.

Tate’s hands moved up her sides, gently pulling her shirt up and over her body. His lips made their way to her mouth just then, and his tongue tangled with hers as his hands moved around her body as they undid the clasp of her bra. 
His eyes wandered down, down until they glimpsed her breasts. 
“You’re beautiful,” Tate whispered. He was in awe; she was the most beautiful woman that he’d ever seen. Emma’s hands moved to his shirt, and he raised his arms up high as she pulled up, exposing his chest. Soon they were skin against skin, heartbeat against heartbeat. 
“You’re beautiful, Tate.”
Tate smiled as he leaned in, kissing her neck, then her shoulders, then down further, as his hands cupped her breasts and brought them to his lips. 
He suckled. He laved. 
“You’re perfect.”
Emma moaned. She leaned her head back against the wall, her hair cascading down her back. 
“Wrap your legs around me.” 
Emma did, and Tate carried her to the bedroom. 

Soon their clothes were off and, on the floor, and Tate was poised above Emma, watching her eyes as he was about to become one with her body. Emma’s closed, and he moved in. The feeling was so intense, so electric. Tate’s jaw clenched, and his arms felt rigid. He wanted to tell her, needed to tell her, but he knew she wasn’t ready, so he put it in his kiss, and Emma answered back passionately with her own. 


Chapter Sixteen

“I love those days that I fall more in love with you and today was definitely one of those days.” – C.J. Turner

June

Summer had officially come and, with that, brought days at the lake with Tate, fun festivals, and lazy days of sometimes doing nothing… 
Emma continued reading letter after letter and was shocked that she’d gone through most of the ones that she and Charlie had purchased when he was alive.
 
December 30th, 1995
Danielle, 
How are you? I’m doing well here. It’s cool today, and I get to be in charge of our reception company. Basically, all I’m doing is sitting around and making security checks. It’s a bit boring, but it’s my job.
I guess I should tell you about myself.  I’m kinda into sports, but I never played in school. I like football, basketball and baseball. I love to watch sports, too. I’m great at bowling.
I love music, all types, except acid rock and metal. I mostly listen to country, rock and R and B. My favorite CD is Aerosmith Big Ones.
I love the Chicago White Sox, the Red Hot Chilli Peppers and orange juice. 
But, what I really like is you. I don’t know what you think of me, but I hope it’s good. I think you’re a very interesting person. I can’t imagine what you thought the night we met. 
I’m 19 years old, I graduated from high school this past year, and I’ve had only one relationship so far. 
Please write back, 
I look forward to hearing from you. 
Chris
 
February 7, 1996
Danielle, 
So what have you been thinking about lately? I’ve been trying to think of things to do when I get home. I know that I’m going to come see you as much as I can. I’m gonna take you to the mall and show everyone that you’re my girl. 
You have no idea how much I care about you. I’ve opened up to you more than I have to anyone else in my life. I want you to realize that I care about you so much. I can’t believe the way I feel about you. I think about you all day, all night, and when I’m in bed. They say the best way to decide what to do with your life is to do what you think about all day. Well, I think about you…
What am I going to do with you when I get home? Hold you, never let you go…Kiss you. I don’t ever want to stop. 
Think of me, 
Always, 
Chris


05/16/95
San Francisco

Salut Cheryl, 

Ca Vas? Bon voyage a Toronto? Comment l’esy passe notre concert? Moi, je suis au 1029 Geary St avec 4 amis. La ville est top. Il fait beau. Je irtite beaucoup. J’aime beacoup San F. Les course a l’ecole sont super! Je retourne en France le 300/09. 
Ala prochaine, 
Love, 
Alex

Cheryl, 
How are you? I’m fine. I’ve sent some pictures of me. I hope you like them. Well, I’ve changed apartments five times now. I am now with two friends, and they are French, and we are a good team. 
I often go to the beach and I hope that soon I will sail on the bay because I know how to and I love sailing. 
Well, Cheryl, I am twenty-three to your nineteen. I hope that isn’t a problem for you. 
I hope you can come visit me in San Francisco during the summer. I would love for you to see me and the town. It’s beautiful. 

Moi, le samedi soir je sorts et aussi le vendredi et quelques fois le jeudi. Je faits comme toi je vais a des concerts de rock, au cinema, en discoteques. 
Domain, J’ais en examen en marketing a 6h du soir pour 2 heures. Alors, je vais pouvois travaillon tard a soir. 

Write more to me in French, and I’ll try harder with my English. J’attends ta reponse!

Je t’aime et je t’embrasse de partout. 

Est-ceque tu aimes?
Love, 
Alex

Emma stopped reading, stopped feeling, and hoped beyond all hope that Tate had felt about her the way that these men had felt about the women that they loved. 
Chapter Seventeen

“What cannot letters inspire? They have souls; they can speak; they have in them all that force which expresses the transports of the heart....”—Héloïse to Abelard

July

That next month, Emma had started to clean up Charlie’s bedroom. It was time to start going through things, things other than the letters, things that would help her understand Charlie and the life that he’d led while he was alive. 
She found pictures, pictures of when he was a boy, pictures of when he was a man.
He was very handsome, and Emma thought that if the timing was different, if they’d been the same age, she wouldn’t have had any trouble falling for him. 
He was the kind of guy that inspired love songs, love letters and dreams.
It was hours into the day when she found something that she hadn’t seen before. Something even more personal than pictures, and trinkets. No, it was another box, and this box contained more letters, and on the outside of the box read the words: Maude and Charlie. 
Emma was beyond thrilled. She wanted to see Charlie, to see what he was like when he was younger, and she wanted to see the love that Charlie and Maude had shared, even though it was personal and private, she needed this glimpse. 
She took one of the letters and opened the carved box that Charlie had given her and tossed it in. She sat at the desk with a smile on her face before putting her hand back in the box and taking the letter out.
 She took a deep breath, and opened the letter…

Emma was Maude, and she was on an airplane, sitting down in coach, and looking out the window. She saw the Grand Canyon and smiled as she thought of the man that she loved. His blonde hair, his green eyes, his soft lips. She thought of him and how much she couldn’t wait until he was home on leave. He was in the Marines, and he’d been gone for several months now, and was due sometime back home for a visit. But she had to take care of something first. She had to break it off with Charlie. 
Charlie. 
He was a good man, nice, gentle and smart. He was an easy mark, one that her fiancé, Gene had handpicked for them. He had money, and lots of it. Gene served with Charlie, and Charlie had told him about his family. They were all dead. 
Charlie was the sole heir to a fortune. 
Charlie was Maude’s ticket to finally marrying Gene. To finally being able to have enough money to stop being poor, to have a chance at going to college, to help raise her brothers and sisters without having to struggle. 

It wasn’t personal, Gene had said many times. It was merely a favor. She’d do things to him and for him, and in exchange, she’d get Charlie’s money. She shouldn’t feel guilty, Gene had told her. 
She felt like a prostitute.
Maude couldn’t stand it, but she had to keep the charade going. 
My Dearest Charles, 
I keep thinking about the day we met. I think about the way you kissed me, the way our lips touched just before the sun went behind the clouds, and the way the heat cradled us in its warm embrace. It felt like Heaven was giving us both a hug, that we were Heaven’s greatest creation, and that we were fated to be together.
It’s my fondest memory of us. I can’t wait to see you, to be with you. 
Forever yours, 
Maude XXOO 

 As Emma finished signing, the room flashed white, and she was back in Charlie’s room. She was shaking. She was pissed. How could anyone be so cruel? 
“Oh, God,” Emma cried. “Charlie.”
The woman didn’t even stop to think of him. She’d only thought of Gene. She’d only thought of a horrible person that wasn’t worthy, that wasn’t anything like the wonder that Charlie was. Emma felt sick. Sick for Charlie, sick that he had loved a woman that was such a piece of shit. Such a fake.
Emma looked back in the box, letter after letter were from Maude. Lies! All of them…lies!
“Bitch!” Emma screamed as she threw the box against the wall. The letters spilled out and flew all over the room, but one stood out from the others. This one wasn’t in an envelope. This one was different. Emma bent down quickly and noticed the scrawl at the end of the page. This one was from Charlie. 
Without reading any of the other words on the page, Emma hurriedly rushed over to the box and put the letter in and then sat down at the desk and waited for Charlie’s thoughts to assault her memory. 

Emma was in the barracks, men were all around, going in and out, getting dressed, talking, joking, laughing… Charlie wasn’t.
Charlie was pissed.
Charlie was…overwhelmed. His thoughts were dark. 
His mind was taken over by grief. His Maude had died. She’d been in a car accident. 
How was he supposed to go on now? 
Fast forward to a few years—Charlie was now holding Maude’s letters, anxious to see if the box really worked or if it was the letters that were the real magic. He sat down at his desk, smile firmly in place, and his heart felt light. He felt happy. He’d hoped to God that the box was the real magic, and that he could see her again. Feel her again. Experience the magic once more. 
He put his favorite letter in the box and waited a few moments before retrieving it. 
And then he did. 
His eyes were wide, he was assaulted with pain. Why? How could she do this to him? How could Gene?
How?
Charlie slammed his fist into the wall, tears nearly blinded him. His anger rushed through his veins and he wanted to tear something apart. He wanted to find Gene. He wanted to kill him. He wanted to kill himself. 
He took out a piece of paper. He was breathing hard now. His life had been nothing but lies. Nobody loved him. Nobody real. Everything had been fake, a mirage. Everyone had wanted him for his money, not for his friendship, not for what he could be to them, only what he could give him. 

To Whomever Cares, 
Take it. 
Take everything. Take my heart. Take my eyes. Take my life. I have no use for it anymore. 
I have loved only to be hated. 
I have given only to have it all taken away. 
I have felt yet have only been lied to. 
Take it. 
Take it all. 
I don’t want any of it. 
Except for my soul
Charlie

Emma returned to the room, the light returning, her feelings dark, intense. 
“NO!” she screamed. She brought her hands up to her head and clawed at the memories. “No! Take them away!” Emma started screaming. She didn’t want to think of Charlie this way. She didn’t want to be in the darkest reaches of his mind. “No!”
She cried. 
She balled up on the bed and was sick. Charlie wanted to die. The thought was too unbearable. She didn’t want to read any more letters. She wanted the whole thing to just be over. 
That night when Tate came over, she didn’t answer the door. She couldn’t. She was too full of hate.
 
Chapter Eighteen

“No, I don’t think I will kiss you, although you need kissing, badly. That’s what’s wrong with you. You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how.” – Rhett Butler, Gone with the Wind

August

Tate walked in and kissed Emma. “I’ve missed you.” He followed her into the living room and sat down. “You okay? I tried calling last night, but you didn’t answer.”
“I’ve just… I’ve been busy.”
“Too busy to pick up?” Tate asked. “Are you okay?”
Emma nodded. “Sure; yeah.”
“We can talk about whatever’s bothering you…”
“Nothing is bothering me!” Emma walked into the kitchen and went straight for the refrigerator, grabbing a bottle of orange juice. She pulled it out, took the cap off and started to chug it. 
“Tell me; I’ll listen.”
“Just drop it.”
Tate stood now. He couldn’t figure out what could possibly have happened in the hours since he’d been here last. He walked over to where she stood and saw stacks of paper on the table. Curious, he looked down and noticed Emma’s name at the top of one. 
“The letters again?” Tate asked, agitated. “What’s going on here?”
“Nothing that concerns you,” Emma snipped.
Tate’s eyes were wild. “What are you talking about? Of course, this concerns me. My girlfriend is upset, and she’s reading letters from other men. How would that not concern me?”
“You need to get over your jealousy, Tate. It’s not very attractive.”
Tate flinched as if he’d been slapped. “My jealousy? I need to get over it? What’s going on here?” Tate reached down to the table to grab one of the letters when Emma quickly brushed past him and picked them up and took them out of his reach. “These are private.”
Tate felt sick to his stomach. He swallowed, suddenly feeling as if his whole world was collapsing. “What’s going on here?”
“I told you to just drop it. I don’t want to talk about this, okay? And you keep prying.”
“You’re upset. Of course, I want to know about it. I want to help you.”
“You can’t help me, Tate. Nobody can.”
“Why?”
“I don’t want to talk about it!”
“Please, Emma. I… I love you.”
Emma started crying and shaking her head. “You can’t.”
“Why?” Tate cried. “What’s going on here?”
“You can’t possibly love me. You have no reason to.”
“How can you say that?”
“I just can. I want to break up.”
Tate looked into her eyes. “Why?”
“Because I’m running out of reasons. I don’t know you, I don’t understand you, and you seem…fake to me. I’ve already had one liar. I don’t need another.”
“I’ve never lied to you.”
“What reasons do you have for loving me?”
“How can you reason love?” Tate asked. “I love you, Emma.”
Emma gasped. “Those are just words…”
“Words? Emma, I do. There are no reasons, there’s just…love. I love you. I don’t need a reason as to why I do, or why I will, or why anything. You’re the first person I wanted to talk to today, and you’ll be the last person on my mind. Even amidst all the chaos I wanted to be with you, to talk with you, to tell you everything. I don’t know what to do anymore. You’re reading these letters, and I don’t compare to any of them. I’m not romantic, I’m not sexy, or original or wonderful in any of those romantic movie sort of ways, I’m just me. I’m Tate. I’m a veterinarian, I take care of animals all day. The only person I speak to on most days is just you, and that’s fine with me, because being with you is my reason for existence. You’re it.
Emma was crying now, tears ran down her cheeks uninterrupted. “You love me.”
“I do.” Tate wiped at her tears and leaned in toward her, forehead to forehead. “I know what I want for the rest of my life, and it’s you.”
Emma hated the fact that during all that, during everything that Tate had said, she’d thought of Max. She thought of when he told her that he’d loved her, thought of how he asked her to marry him. She thought of all the lies that were behind the question, all the unanswered prayers that she’d had. 
She looked at Tate with a blank expression. “I want to say those words back to you, I do. It’s just…I didn’t even know you had brothers until the day your dad died. I didn’t even know the simplest details. You know everything about me.”
Tate looked as if she’d hit him in the stomach. “Those details… they’re just…”
“They’re important, and I didn’t know them. I don’t know you, Tate. How can I know that my feelings are real if I don’t really know you?”
“But you do know me.”
“I don’t, and I’m constantly afraid of what we have. It isn’t worth it. It’s not worth getting hurt over.”
Tate’s eyes widened. “How can you say that?” he cried. 
“I want to break up.”
Tate’s eyes welled up with tears, and then he made his way to the back door. “Goodbye, Emma.”

Chapter Nineteen

“What cannot letters inspire? They have souls; they can speak; they have in them all that force which expresses the transports of the heart....”—Héloïse to Abelard 

October

It had been three months since Emma and Tate had broken up, and it had been exactly one year since Charlie’s death, and Emma and Pablo went to his grave for a visit. Emma brought a handful of wildflowers—the same kind that Miles gave his Sarah. Emma wished that she could talk to Charlie, see his face and his kind eyes, she’d wished that she could hug him, and tell him that she found love, and that she was grateful to him for the letters, and for the box, and for Charlie Smith and for Pablo. She wanted to tell him so many things. 
Instead, she brought some letters to him. She lay down upon a blanket with Pablo and she pulled out Charlie’s favorite letter and read: 

Dear Sarah,
Some love stories are more complicated than others, but ours was just…easy. From the moment that we met, I felt something…some spark, some magical feeling that didn’t seem quite right with the universe, but it did at the same time. You were something different, something special something…something.
I knew right then, that we’d be married. And then, of course, as luck would have it, the war came.
I’m here without you now, but you’re with me all the same. You’re in every thought, every sound—even the bad ones. I can picture your worried lines—that little crinkle in your forehead when you get mad at me. I’m smiling right now, Sarah. I’m smiling into your eyes and holding your hand. I’m smiling as I write this letter, thinking of that little miracle growing inside of you, of me being a dad, of holding our precious baby in my arms and of you smiling across the room like it was that first time all over again.
I wish I could do that, Sarah. I wish I could be there.
This is my last letter.
Tell our son or daughter that I will watch over them, over both of you.
I will love you forever,
Your Miles.

As she finished the last of the letter, she wiped her eyes. She could just imagine Charlie’s pale blue eyes as they watched her from above. She pictured the special smile on his lips that he often had shown to her, and she heard his laughter.
“I love you, Charlie Hayes,” Emma said softly. Pablo lay down and put his mouth on his paws. “Pablo loves you, too.”
***
When Emma and Pablo arrived home, she noticed a familiar car in her driveway. She looked at her dog. “Look who’s here, boy.”
He barked, and she opened his door. He greeted their visitor like an old friend.
Emma smiled. “Hi, Alex, it’s been a long time.”
Alex Frixley, Charlie’s attorney, smiled as he walked toward her. “I was just getting ready to leave. I’m glad I caught you.”
“We were just visiting Charlie.”
Alex nodded. “How’ve you been?”
Emma sighed. “Great.”
“You look well, Emma. The year has done its job, then?”
Emma looked down and then back up at Alex. “I think Charlie knew me better than I knew myself.”
“Charlie had a way about him, that’s for sure. How was the reading?”
Emma looked up thoughtfully, and then grinned.    “Enlightening.”
“Love letters…they’re complicated, am I right?”
Emma smiled. “Oh, yes.”
Alex looked toward the road, and across the street. Emma followed his gaze and saw Tate staring out his window straight toward the two of them. She gasped softly. 
“I see you have an admirer.”
“I don’t know about that anymore,” Emma commented. 
Alex looked at her closely. “You need to open your eyes. He’s been watching me.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve been here for about fifteen minutes. I was in the car at first, and then I just wrote you a note and was putting it on your door when you arrived. He’s been staring out his window.”
Emma hoped that was true, but she didn’t have much hope these days.
“You should talk to him,” Alex said, nudging her with his arm. 
Emma turned away from Tate and looked at Alex. “Later perhaps.”
Alex nodded, and followed Emma and Pablo into their house.

“So, you’ve met all of the requirements, and it’s been a year.”
Emma nodded and smiled. “Yes, and that’s very hard to believe.”
“The year or that you’ve met all the requirements?” Alex asked, curiously. 
“The year. The requirements were easy enough.”
“I remember when you were getting ready to start and just the thought of having to read a love letter bothered you.”
Emma laughed. “Was I that transparent?”
Alex’s eyes danced. “Yeah, you kind of were. What made you change your mind?”
Emma thought about Charlie, and she thought about Maude, and about Emma and Charlie Smith. She thought about all the reasons why love should be banned from her imminent vocabulary, but she couldn’t discount it. It was still there. It was in the letters, it was in the way that Tate looked at her, and it was in the way she felt just by hearing his name…
She shook her head. “Everything. Charlie…Charlie changed me.”
Alex smiled. “Charlie had one last request.”
Emma looked at Alex curiously as he handed her two envelopes. “This one has the deed to the house, and three bank books. All of the money is yours, and yours to do with as you please. The other is a bequest from Charlie. He told me to tell you to put this letter into the box.”
Emma’s eyes widened, and she nodded. “Yes.”
“Can I ask just one thing?” Alex asked before he started for the door. 
“Yeah?”
“What’s with the box?”
Emma’s mouth turned up in the corners. “It’s magic.”
Alex nodded and made an amused sound. “Take care of yourself, Emma.”
“You, too.”
Emma walked him to the door and locked it. As soon as she heard him pull away, she ran back to the bedroom, so she could see Charlie once again. She wanted to see him happy, not as she had in the last letter…She wanted to see what or if anything had changed from his knowing her.
***
The moment that she’d been waiting for had arrived. This was it. Emma put the letter in the box and then took a deep breath. A second later, the magic began…
Emma felt the pen in her hand, and immediate sadness took over. Sadness because he had to go. He was being called home. She saw his memories, and she saw happiness, too. She saw herself as Charlie had when he first looked out the window at her. 
“I hope to God she doesn’t go for that idiot across the street,” Charlie muttered to himself as he grabbed his coat and hat. He shook his head and called for Pablo. Pablo came running at once. He opened the door, and saw the young girl talking to the weirdo. 
He crossed the street, heard a bit of the conversation that was taking place, and then added a few remarks of his own:  “That’s disgusting,” he’d said, and “I can follow you and then take you home.”
The girl smiled and asked if she could trust him. His words, “I’m probably the only one around here that you can trust.” He knew right then, that she had fallen for his line, and for that he was grateful. He kept going down the street, trying to play it cool. He’d never went this way on his walks before. He usually went down Fenton, and then turned left on Curtis. He’d never crossed the street. He’d never talked to people along the way, only Pablo. He never offered to follow anyone to a rental place or to drive them home. He couldn’t explain it to himself. But he was glad that he had done it.
When he made his way back, and then started up the caddy, he decided that he was going to make her his friend. He needed someone at the end of all things. He didn’t want to die alone. He didn’t want to give his things up for an auction—for people that wouldn’t appreciate life, people that would just go through his boxes and throw out the things that they didn’t want, like he was day old bread in a grocery store. 
He pulled into her driveway, and she waved back at him. He then veered out into the street and waited as the moving truck passed. 
After the truck was returned, he made Pablo sit in the back, and he came out and opened her door. She commented to him that he was sweet, and he couldn’t help it, he smiled. 
After that day, he knew he had to know more about her, more about why she moved from so far away—he’d learned that she was from California, and that she went to UCLA, and that she had been engaged. She hated love, she hated fate. 
Hated fate? Hated love? Two things that plagued him since their meeting. How could he have found the one person that set his soul on fire and she not believe in the only two things worth believing in—worth fighting for? 
He was running out of time! He had to convince her, he had to find out a way to tell her… he had to let her know that somewhere, somehow…this was it. 
But then he had his heart attack. 
It was a close call, and even his doctor couldn’t believe he survived. But he had to. He had to for her. He needed more time. He couldn’t let someone like her go through life without love. He couldn’t let someone live life like he had—lonely and always on the outside looking in. 
He was seventy-three for God sake, and he was in love for the second time in his life, and it was with a 22-year-old girl. A girl that had so much promise, that had a big heart, and a smart mind. He wasn’t in love in the way that young folks fall, he was in love with her soul, with her heart, with her sadness… 
And he didn’t want to leave her just yet. 
He fought, he took his pills, and he cut all the bad things out of his diet, for her. It would give him a few more weeks if that, is what the doctors told him. He didn’t care—he had time.
And then he’d had a beautiful day with her, his very last—that much he knew. He was one-hundred percent sure, and grateful that he took her to the auction. 
And Fate brought him to the letters as Fate had brought her to the maps. She’d never bought anything before, and she bought him a gift. The gift of Tara. 
He then thought of Alex and his calling him and arranging the Will. The thought of his own final words to Emma, “Love is important. People are important. Relationships are important.” He hoped more than anything that he’d gotten his point across.

October, 2015
My Dearest Emma, 

It’s so good that we are together once again. If you’ve done everything according to plan, then you have learned my little secret. You’ve seen the box. You’ve probably had a million and one questions about that, and as such, I haven’t answered them, and nor can I. I don’t know how it works. I just know where I got the box in the first place. 
Do you remember the last auction we went to—the one where I bought you the Charlie/Emma letters? It was there…I was at an auction years ago—sometime in the 70’s when I bought my first box of letters. Those letters were wrapped up in a bag and most of them were water-logged, but there was the box—the most beautiful carved antique looking thing that I’d ever seen. (I told you I was fanciful, right?) Well, I wanted the box, not the letters, you see—Maude and I didn’t work out, and I was depressed. I’d never wanted to see another letter again… mainly because she had died, and the pain of her death and her lovely letters had just about damn near killed me.
Anyway, I waited for a few hours until the bidding started, and I’d won. But I had to bid on a whole lot, and it came with the letters. 
I bet you’ll never guess which ones. 
(My favorites—the ones from Sarah and Miles)
That night, I took the box home and put it on my dresser. I watched it for hours, and I had a few drinks. I was a little depressed, as my life wasn’t going exactly great now. I was alone, and I wanted something more to my life than just work. 
After hours of trying to sleep, I finally conked out, but I dreamed… all night did I dream. Vivid hallucinations of me, and that box, and of those damned letters. One of the dreams was about me and there was a woman. She told me that she wanted me to experience something real. I asked her what she meant, and she told me to put the letters into the box and find out. 
I know it doesn’t seem real. I know it seems crazy… I didn’t care. I was fanciful, a bit of a dreamer. I put the letters in the box that morning after my daily bowl of cereal, and then I took one out and started to read. 
Right away, I felt a pull. I saw things happening. I felt emotions—raw, terrifying, and beautiful. And I had done things that I’d never done before. I went on picnics, made love, was a father, a husband… 
I was finally living. 
I didn’t need real relationships. I didn’t need the pain of really losing someone again. The box was my savior, and I thanked God for giving me such a gift. 
Several months had gone by, and I’d nearly forgotten about Maude. I’d nearly forgotten about loving someone. I’d wondered if the letters were magic, or if the box was. I decided to find out. I got into the closet took out the old box of things from Maude and I’s relationship and placed one of her love letters in carefully. 
Minutes later, I found out who she really was, and it nearly destroyed me. 
I don’t know if you’ve ever looked into that box, the old one in the closet, the one with terrible memories… but know this, had she even loved me one bit, I’d have gone to hell and back to get her.
If you’ve seen the letters then I can imagine that you’ve wondered if that happened to me, and then it could have happened to you. You probably thought of Max. You will probably wonder now for the rest of your life if you’ve ever been loved or if you will ever love like Sarah and Miles or Charlie and Emma. 
You will. 
Trust people. 
Love. 
Be a wife, be a mother, be someone’s friend. 
I love you, Emma Jean Porter. 
You’ve made me a better person. 
Tell Pablo that I miss him. 

~Charlie XXOO

P.S. There’s one last thing that I must tell you before I go. Destroy the box. Please, don’t do what I did. Don’t live your life as a dreamer, don’t live your life living in someone else’s memories. Make your own. Change the future.

Emma felt the letter swoosh out of her hand and the heady feeling slam into her body as the pen dropped. Everything was back to normal, except that it wasn’t. She was in Charlie’s room, she was sitting at his desk, and she now felt his love for her. Tears that she hadn’t realized she’d produced were falling freely down her cheeks, and she had to swallow some down. She looked at the handwritten letter, the only letter that she’d ever received from anyone, and put it up to her chest. 
“I love you so much, Charlie.” 

Chapter Twenty

“Out of the depths of my happy heart wells a great tide of love and prayer for this priceless treasure that is confided to my lifelong keeping. You cannot see its waves as they flow toward you, darling, but in these lines you will hear...the distant beating of its surf.” —Mark Twain to Olivia Langdon 

Emma walked out of the bedroom, Pablo at her feet. Charlie wanted her to destroy the box, he wanted her to move on, to love…to do the things that he hadn’t done. 
She knew he was right, but how would she do that? How could she? How could she destroy the only way that she had to see Charlie? How could she destroy the one thing that could tell her or show her the truth in this world?
She walked to the kitchen and grabbed a glass and filled it with water. She needed to think about what Charlie said. She didn’t want to make any rash decisions.
What if she decided to go for it, and then to find out that the man that she was in love with didn’t really love her? What if it was Max all over again?
There was a brief knock on the door, and Emma answered, the mailman handed her a certified letter. Emma looked down at it and signed. “Who’s it from?”
“Um, Tate Hammond… Just sign here and it’s yours.”
Emma swallowed. Her heart started hammering in her chest. She looked across the street, and Tate was still in the same spot he was in hours ago when she’d been talking to Alex Frixley.
He looked horribly sad, and Emma wanted to wrap her arms around him. She wanted to tell him that she loved him, that she needed him in her life.
She looked down at the letter and heard Charlie’s faint voice in her ear. “Trust him.”
Emma gasped. “How?”
“Put the letter in the box and see for yourself.”
Emma’s eyes widened, and she turned abruptly, practically slamming the front door off its hinges. She ran back into the bedroom, and tour open the letter, then threw it into the box. She looked up at the ceiling and her lips trembled. 
“What if it’s like Maude, Charlie?”
“It’s not; trust me.”
“You’re not real.”
“I’m real.”
“I love you, Charlie.”
“I love you, too, Em.”
Emma opened the box and then took the letter out and poised herself. 

She felt the rush hit her suddenly, and then the pen was in her hand, and she smelled lavender. 
His heart beat wildly. His lungs filled, and his eyes feasted on her. She was the most beautiful woman in the world, and she was there, lying before him, twisted in the sheets, naked limbs spread out over a sea of blue. He could hear her breathing, and he felt an overwhelming sensation well up inside. If only he could get her to understand how very much he loved her, how much he wanted her to see that she was the one for him, the most worthy person of love and affection. She was everything. 


October, 2015
Dear Emma, 

I’m sitting here in front of the window and waiting for you to wake up. I’m waiting here so I can see your face, so I can watch you go about your day before I go to work. I miss you. 
I don’t know how to tell you so that you’ll believe me, but I want to try. I’m not good at love songs, or poems, or the obvious—letters, but I want to at least try for you. 
When I told you that I loved you, I don’t know what I expected. I wasn’t sure if you’d admitted it to yourself yet, that you were in love with me, or if you just wanted to keep it hidden. I know you’re worried that I’ll turn out like Max; I know you’re scared that I’ll leave you… Don’t worry, I would never do any of those things.
There were things that we’d never talked about, and you said that it was the simplest things that you didn’t know about me that bothered you the most. 
I love peanut butter, but only on celery. I hate jelly, and I love to play Frisbee in the snow. I have the fondest memories of playing Frisbee with my dad in the winter time. He couldn’t play during the summer as he worked entirely too much, but in the winter, we’d play for hours. We’d make snowmen, taste snowflakes with our tongues, and make snow angels in the front lawn as mom watched from the kitchen window and made us hot chocolate. 
I love the Beatles. I hate fishing. Hate it. There’s nothing worse than touching a worm. I had three major girlfriends in my life: Cindy Hanner, Elizabeth Jones and you.
Cindy was in my kindergarten class, and she broke up with me because I wouldn’t eat a cricket during recess. She accused me of not being ‘man enough’ and I couldn’t handle that. 
Elizabeth and I went together for three years in high school, and she broke up with me in the back seat of my first car, a Pontiac Sunfire—by the way—and she never looked back. Apparently, I wasn’t man enough for her either. Her reason was a little more embarrassing than Cindy’s, and I think I’ll keep that one a secret. I don’t think my overwhelming libido can handle you knowing that one. 
I have three brothers. They are all very annoying. I am the baby of the family. My eldest brother Jason, he’s in construction and owns his own business in Mogadore. Rodney, or pain in the ass as we like to call him, works for Kent State. He’s a custodial engineer, or as we like to call him, the guy who takes all of the beer bottles and puts them in the trash. And then there’s Freddy. He’s my favorite brother, and he works with me at the office. He went to school to be a Vet Tech. So, he’s my glorified “bitch boy”. Me and Carol, my secretary at work, call him BB for short. 
My mom and dad were married 34 years before my dad died. Mom is a homemaker, and took care of us four boys, and yes, I count my dad in this, and she is a horrible cook. It’s quite horrifying. She once made Spaghetti O’s for Thanksgiving. (I’m not even kidding.)
I lost my virginity at 17—Pontiac Sunfire.  I hate Tostitos Chips and Salsa, and I can’t go to the restroom in public. 
And, ever since I turned 4 I haven’t been able to sleep in the dark. I have a nightlight by my bed at all times, just in case Wes Craven, or Freddy Krueger, decides to pay a visit. 
Now, since you now know everything embarrassing about me—those tiny insignificant details, I’ll tell you some more personal ones. 
I love you. I love your hair, your eyes—the way that they look like little chocolate kisses. Your lips, the soft texture and feel as they are pressed up to mine. Your skin-the lavender scent of your body wash, and the way it clings to you, and to my pillow at night. 
I love your legs, the smooth feel of them as they are wrapped around me, the way your breathing hitches in your throat when you are just about to give in to passion. The way your eyes widen and the way the pulse in your neck hammers as I make love to you. 
I love your voice, the softness of your touch, the way your tongue tastes in my mouth. I love your hands, the way they grip me in the middle of the night, the way they wrap around me in a tight embrace, the way they feel when I’m just holding on to you while watching a movie. 
I love your laugh… I love the way you concentrate on things, the way you are with Pablo, the funny little line that you have that’s between your brows. I love the freckles that lead from your shoulders down to your elbow, like my own personal roadmap on your body. I love the way you grip me as I’m inside of you, and we’re one, and we love. I love the way we love.
There isn’t anything that I don’t love about you, but there are so many things that I do. Please, please give me another chance. Please let me be your forever someone. Please, Emma, take a chance.
Marry me.

Yours, 
Tate

As Emma signed the last part of the letter with Tate’s name, her eyes opened, and her body slammed against the chair. The magic was everywhere, it was in the room, it was all around her. It was in her heart, in her head, upon her lips. 
“Tate.”
“Go to him,” Charlie whispered. 

Emma stood up, and ran to the door, leaving the letter on the desk, and the box untouched. She didn’t stop to put on shoes, she didn’t stop to think about anything. She knew now, without a doubt, that Tate loved her, and the feelings that she had inside were overwhelming. 
When she opened the door and went outside, Tate’s door opened shortly after. She put her hand up in the air and smiled. 
Tate looked at her, anxiety marring his features.
He was it. He was the one. 
“Yes,” Emma called out.
Tate smiled. 

Danielle Lee Zwissler is from a small town in Ohio, and enjoys reading about cowboys, writing about cowboys and looking at them. (Do you see a theme here?) She loves Harry Potter, Sam Smith’s music, and Caramel Macchiato creamer in her coffee. She has two wonderful children, a sexy husband, two guinea pigs—Pudding Cup and Flower, a turtle named Lilly and a minivan filled with books and kid stuff. She loves to hear from people that read her books, and she will be forever grateful if you mention her books to anyone… 

More Books by Danielle:
The Daniels Dynasty: 
Her Last Chance
The Art of Seduction
Out of Focus
Cowboys & Cowgirls Series:
The Cowboy’s Bride
Served
The Cowboy Takes a Slave
A Barefoot Christmas
The Long Ride Home
Lassoed by the Cowboy
Cooking for the Cowboy
Falling for you Series:
The Boy Next Door
The Boy I Love
The Man I’ll Marry
Cocky On and Off the Ice Series:
Too Hot to Handle
Too Cold to Hold


www.theshewritesromance.wordpress.com
www.facebook.com/danielleleezwissler
www.twitter.com/danielleleezwis








