STAGE WEST
LINDSAY

By
Annie Pelle

SMASHWORDS EDITION

******

Published by
Annie Pelle at Smashwords

STAGE WEST  LINDSAY
Copyright 2013 by Annie Pelle

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter 1

Lindsay Matthews was stuck and she didn’t like her personal life to be stuck.  What was the problem?  She was in love with the son of the ranch’s housekeeper and head wrangler.  Only he didn’t feel the same and she was stuck.  Actually she was suffering and miserable.  The man who held Lindsay’s heart was Nick Cates and Lindsay had known him most of her life.  They had grown up together on Stage West, the Matthews’ family ranch in central Arizona near the town of Peacock.  But to make matter’s worse, Nick was her brother Dalton’s best friend and worked for and with her other brother David.  Nick’s family ate dinner with her and her brothers and his parents.  They socialized together, they all lived at the ranch.  There was no part of Lindsay’s life that didn’t connect with Nick’s life.  Shouldn’t that have been a good thing?  It wasn’t in Lindsay’s opinion.
She had loved Nick for years but he thought of her as Dalton’s little sister.  She had hoped to change his mind about her when she stood up at Dalton and her best friend Sarah’s wedding.  The bridesmaid dresses were beautiful and not the least “kid” like.  But he just looked right through her again and her heart had broken.  She had wanted to dance with him but was too scared too after his dismissing look.
Lindsay had been going through the motions of living for those four weeks.  Dinner time each night was painful and it was beginning to wear on her.  I need a vacation. Lindsay thought to herself.  Not a vacation from work but from home.  I have to find some way to get over these feelings or I will lose it.  I am going to skip dinner tonight, I can’t take it anymore.  Lindsay pushed back from her desk in the ranch’s management office to go to the kitchen to tell Gabby, their housekeeper and adopted mother that she wouldn’t be at dinner.  As she walked out the office door she heard “Hello everyone!  We are home” coming from the front door.  Dalton and his new bride Sarah came in.  They had just returned from their month long honeymoon.
“Dalton! Sarah! Welcome home.” Lindsay exclaimed  “We all missed you.” Lindsay said as she moved to hug them.  “How was your trip?”
“Fabulous” Sarah stated with emphasis  “We will tell everyone at dinner tonight.”
So much for skipping dinner Lindsay thought to herself.  “Great!” she said to her best friend and now sister-in-law.  “Have you been to see the house?” 
“Yes, you did a wonderful job with everything.  It looks perfect.  Thank you!” Sarah commented gratefully
“You organized it, I just followed the instructions.” Lindsay said
“That’s my Sarah.  Organized and fabulous!” Dalton beamed proudly while Sarah blushed.
Just then Gabby called everyone to eat.  There were lots of hugs to welcome the newlywed’s home.  Lindsay tried to participate in the dinner conversation but it was too hard.  After dinner it was suggested that everyone move to the living room so they could hear more about Dalton and Sarah’s trip, but Lindsay apologized and excused herself saying she had some things to do.
She moved to the office so that she could pretend to have more work to do, but she needed the quiet to think.  Lindsay paced the office until the walls closed in on her.  She decided to go visit the horses in the barn until everyone went to bed.
Lindsay loved horses.  They touched her heart and soothed her when she was restless.  She needed them tonight.  She would have preferred to ride but it wasn’t as safe after dark and all alone.  The horses in the first barn were not part of the breeding program so they could be cosseted.
One of the ranch hands met Lindsay as she entered the barn, she wandered up and down the stalls talking and petting the horses as she went.  She was on her way to see her horse Brandy when she looked up and saw Nick coming her way.  No, not now.  I can’t see him again tonight.  Lindsay stopped and started to turn around hoping he hadn’t seen her but she was wrong.
“Hey Lindsay!”
“Hi” she said as friendly as she could as she was turning to leave.
“Are you busy?” Nick asked hoping the answer was no
“Just heading in, I think I will turn in early.” She said walking backwards towards the exit.
“Will you go for a walk with me?” 
“Why?”
“Why not? Actually I want to talk to you.”
She paused her retreat and reluctantly agreed “What are we talking about?”
“Do you want to walk to the other barn to see some of the new arrivals?”
No Lindsay thought to herself but she closed off her expressions and answered aloud “I guess, sure.” 
They walked along without speaking.  This was his idea but he wasn’t saying anything and it was making her very nervous.  Her nerves were already stretched thin; she couldn’t take much of this.
As they walked through the other barn, Nick pointed out some of the new arrivals and what David’s plan was for each of them.  “Isn’t she a beauty?” he asked Lindsay as they came upon the mare in the last stall.  “Someone mistreated her though; she is going to take some work.  She is really nervous around raised voices.”
“Come here girl.” He said softly.  “Meet my friend Lindsay.”  The horse did not come to the door but watched them.
“Where did she come from?” Lindsay asked
“David rescued her from the BLM strays.”
Lindsay smiled gently as she spoke “She is beautiful, is he going to breed her?”
“Depends.  He wants the vet to check her over and see if I can get her to be calm around people.”
“You always do” she answered softly.  Nick was a genius with horses.  He got them and they responded to him.   
He chuckled “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
Realizing she had answered like a woman in love she reacted with embarrassment and her retort was sarcastic “Like you need my opinion.” 
“What?”
“Nothing important.” She said moving towards the exit.
“Are you leaving?” he asked a little irritated.  She walks away from me whenever I try to talk to her.
“Yes, it has been a long day.  I’ll see you tomorrow.” She said with a wave over her shoulder
“Hey, wait” Nick ran to catch up with her.  “Why do you do that?”
“Do what?” Lindsay asked puzzled.  He was making no sense.
“Every time lately I try to have a conversation with you, you walk away.”
Lindsay’s face showed extreme surprise then she hid it quickly. “What did you want to talk to me about?” she asked.
Nick walked over to the corral that was adjacent to the two barns and leaned against the rails.  His back was too her and he was staring off at nothing.
“Nick, I…” Lindsay started to walk away again
“Are you seeing anyone?” He asked interrupting her 
Lindsay was surprised “Why do you want to know that?”
“I just want to know if you are seeing anyone.”
“Not that it is any of your business but no, I am not.” She said turning to walk away 
“Are you interested in anyone?”
She answered “Why do you care?” she asked him in return.  He didn’t answer so she turned to leave again.
“Will you go to a movie with me?” he asked still staring at nothing across the corral
“A movie? As friends?” Lindsay asked puzzled and confused
“As friends, yes, but as a date.”
“No” 
“Why not?”
Lindsay’s first instinct was to walk away and later on she was going to regret that she hadn’t followed through on that instinct.  Instead she spoke a little harshly “For starters you aren’t even looking at me when you ask and two, you sound very bored even as you are asking.  So no.”
“I’m sorry, I am nervous.”
“About what?”
“Asking you out.”
“Then why did you?”
Nick finally turned around to talk face to face.  “Because I want to go on a date to the movies with you.”
“That isn’t really an answer, but at least I know it was me you were asking instead of the sky.”
“You are the only one here, who else would I be asking?” 
“Forget it” she said dismissing his point “The answer is still no.”
“Why not?  I was looking at you.”
“A mercy date is not necessary.” Lindsay turned to walk away.
Nick ran to get in front of her to stop her trying to leave again.  He reached for her hand “I am not asking you on a mercy date.  I really want to go to the movie with you.”
“On a date, with me?”
“Yes, you.” He squeezed her hand for emphasis
“When?”
“Tomorrow night”
Lindsay paused and stared at the ground for a moment.  Was there any way out of this? Don’t make it a big deal Lindsay said to herself.  “Okay, I guess.  If you are sure.”
Nick released the breath he had been holding and smiled “I’m very sure.”
Lindsay was not watching him so she missed the smile “Okay, then I guess it is a date.” Lindsay said.
“Good.  Pick out a movie you want to see.”
“I’m picking the movie?”
“Yes, I don’t know anything about what is playing.”
“Then why did you want to go to the movie?”
“To go on a date with you.”
“A date doesn’t have to be a movie, you could pick something else.  We could just go for a ride.”
“That isn’t a date; that is an everyday thing.”  Very reluctantly she agreed to pick out the movie.  They finished discussing the details of their date and went to their homes for the night.  
Lindsay was unsure of what to think about this date.  She loved him and wanted to go out with him but he hadn’t seemed sure of this plan.  It is probably just a mercy date just like I thought in the first place.
Nick walked back to his home to relax after several tense minutes of trying to get her to go out with him.  I don’t think I have ever been this nervous about a date.


Chapter 2

The next night after dinner, Nick knocked on Lindsay’s bedroom door.  “Are you ready?”
“Sure.”
“Where are we going and what movie are we seeing?”
Lindsay told him the theatre to go to and gave him the choice of a couple of movies.  He picked the action movie instead of the comedy which she had predicted.
Nick handed her into his truck and they left the ranch.  They hadn’t progressed very far when Lindsay voiced her uncertainty  “Can I asked you a question?”
“Is it something to do with why we are doing this?”
“Yes, how did you know that?”
Nick chuckled.  He could read her easily.  “Because, Lindsay, you are a bit stubborn and you didn’t like my answer yesterday so I figured it would come up again.” He said with a mischievous smile.
“So are you going to answer it?”
“No, we are just going to go on the date and have a good time.  No analyzing it.”
“But I want to know why?”
“See how stubborn you are?  We will talk about it after the second or third date.”
“What second or third date?”
“The ones we may go on after this one.  Two usually comes after one and three usually comes after two.”
“May go on?”
“Yes, you never know the future.” He said evading her question again
Lindsay stopped talking and turned to watch the scenery.  I knew this was a bad idea.  Why didn’t I plead headache and stay home?  Oh well, at least during the movie I won’t have to talk to him.  I can pretend to be there with someone who wanted to be there with me.  How far away from home can I move and when?
“Lindsay?” Nick asked after a few minutes of silence
“Yeah?” she said without turning from the window
“Can we just go and have a good time and not think about why tonight?”
“Sure.  Good idea.” She answered.  I love him and he is treating me like a little kid.  Just pat her on the head and placate her.
“You can just do that without an explanation?” he asked uncertain if she was going to have a good time.
“Yes, forget I asked.  So how was your day?” she asked trying to find a pleasant topic of conversation.
He let her abrupt change of topics go and answered her question.  “It was good.  I was working with that horse I showed you last night.  She seems to be used to a saddle but does not like loud noises.  I have some ideas on how to work with her on that.”
“You can do it.  You have a gift with horses even at a young age.”
“I love working with horses.  I don’t think I want to do anything else ever.”
“You shouldn’t.  You will just get better over time.  David values your work.”
“Thanks for telling me that.”
They passed the rest of the drive to the theatre with other ranch topics.  Nick came around to her side of the truck and helped her out.  At the ticket window the young girl had a hard time concentrating on the transaction because of Nick’s good looks.  Lindsay felt sorry for the clerk; she herself was in the same position.  
Nick and Lindsay found their seats with minutes to spare before the movie began.  The movie was good the few parts that Lindsay concentrated on.  She was really just putting on a good act to not give herself away.  She wanted this to be her dream come true, he chance to date Nick and have him want to be with her.  These were not the circumstances she had hoped for.  
After the movie, they went to the ice cream shop and got a sundae.  The topics of conversation were pleasant and soon they were driving up to the main house at the ranch.  Nick once again helped Lindsay from the truck and walked with her into the house.  Lindsay stopped in the living room and sat down.  No one else was around so they could continue their conversation.
“Did you have a good enough time to go out with me again?” Nick asked when there was break in the conversation.
Lindsay tried to keep the shock from her face but apparently she didn’t succeed.
“Why are you surprised?” he asked cautiously
“I’ll tell you why I am surprised when you tell me why we went out on a date in the first place.” She told him.
“Forget it.  I am not telling you yet.  So will you go to dinner with me?”
“When did you want to go?”
“Is that a yes?”
“It is a maybe.”
Nick laughed “Friday night?” he asked 
“Okay.  I will go.” She replied but already planning a way to cancel the date.
“Good.  I better get some sleep.  I have an early day tomorrow.  Thank you for going with me tonight.  I had fun.”
“Me too.” She said although it wasn’t very true.  
“See you tomorrow.” He said as he left the house.
Not if I can help it.  Lindsay thought to herself.  Mercy dates and pity were not her idea of a relationship.


The next day Lindsay successfully avoided Nick except at dinner.  After dinner, the family gathered to play pool in the den but Lindsay made her excuses and left the room.  
Lindsay went out for a walk to the south barn.  She was looking at the new horse David had just got and that Nick was now working with.  
“What are you doing down her lil’ sis?” Nick asked walking up the aisle.
Lindsay’s temper exploded “I am not your little sister.” She yelled as she turned to leave.  Nick was shocked she had yelled at him.  “Hey, what’s wrong?” Nick asked grabbing her arm.  She pulled his hand off her arm and ran for the door.  Nick called to her “Lindsay wait!” But she ignored him and ran to the house.
Thankfully her room was in the back of the house so she could get to it without seeing anyone else.  She rushed in and closed the door silently.  She fell across the bed and let the tears run down her face.  She heard a quiet knock on her door.
“Lindsay?” Nick called from outside the door but she ignored him and cried harder but silently.  “Lindsay open the door, tell me what is wrong?” But she refused to even acknowledge that she was in there.  Nick finally gave up and left.  Lindsay prepared for bed and tried to sleep.  She had to plan a way to go on a trip for a long while.  


The next morning Lindsay went directly to the office and skipped breakfast.  She couldn’t take the chance that Nick might be there or that he would ask her questions about last night.  She was miserable enough without her family asking her questions.
Lindsay was working on tracking breeding programs statistics when her intercom sounded.
“Lindsay, it is David.  Call an ambulance, Nick is hurt.”
Lindsay’s heart began to race “What? How bad?”
“At least a broken leg, maybe more.  He is unconscious.”
“I’m calling.  Where is he?”
“South barn.  Direct them down here please.”
“I will.”
Lindsay called the local ambulance company and waited for them to arrive.  She was sick to her stomach but couldn’t let anyone see it.  She had the ambulance follow her as she rode in the golf cart.  
When they reached the south barn, Nick was lying in the dirt still unconscious.  She wanted to run to him but the paramedics were working on him.  David was with them trying to help and explain what had happened.  Nick had been working with the new horse that he had shown her two nights before and it threw him and stepped on him several times before it was drawn away.
Nick was loaded onto the stretcher and strapped down for safety.  David came to her shoulder. “Can you ride with him?  I need to look after the horse and the other hand that got cut up.  Nathan and Gabby are in Phoenix.  I’ll call them. But he needs someone to go with him.”
“Sure, I’ll go.” She said and left to follow the paramedics to the ambulance
“We are going to the emergency clinic in Peacock, but I have a feeling they will send him by air ambulance to Phoenix.”  One of the paramedics told David as he climbed into the ambulance.  “Lindsay, are you riding with us?”  She nodded and climbed aboard too.
As they left the ranch, the paramedic called the clinic and gave them the patient details.  They would call the air ambulance company and put them on stand-by.  
Nick was still unconscious when they arrived at the clinic.  He was brought into the room and give some IV fluids but it was determined that he needed to be transported because he was still unconscious.  
The doctor let Lindsay into see him.  She came in and saw him hooked up to machines and IV’s.  “How is he?” she asked worried for the man she loved with all her heart.
“He is stable.  The helicopter is on its way here and he will go to the hospital in Phoenix.  There is room if you want to go too.”
“Yes, please.  In case he wakes up and needs a familiar face.”
He left the room a moment later leaving Lindsay alone with Nick.  She picked up his hand that was not injured and cradled it against her.  “Come on Nick, wake up and talk to me.”  His hand flinched as she started to talk to him.  “Come on Nick, wake up.  I need you and I love you” she whispered close to his ear. But he did not move or wake up.  She continued to cradle his hand until she heard the helicopter arrive.  
Nick was moved to the helipad and loaded into the air ambulance along with Lindsay and the flight nurses.  Lindsay had called the ranch and reported that they were flying to Phoenix.  David said he was on his way and would see her shortly.
Nick started to regain consciousness on the flight.  The nurse encouraged her to talk to him.  She leaned over and spoke to him.  “You are going to be okay Nick.  You are in a helicopter on the way to the hospital in Phoenix.”
He started to struggle and sit up. “No, leave me alone.  Get away from me.  I don’t want you here.  Get out.”
“Nick, it is me, Lindsay, just relax.  You are hurt.”
“No, get away from me.” He thrashed against the straps on the gurney.
Lindsay sat back in her seat astonished at his words.  The nurse spoke to him until he settled back down and slipped back into unconsciousness.  “Head injuries are tricky.  He didn’t know what he was saying.” The nurse told a white faced Lindsay who nodded in agreement.  Lindsay didn’t believe her though, she knew Nick and he didn’t say things he didn’t mean.
They arrived at the hospital in Phoenix and were met by Gabby, Nathan and Nick’s brother Travis.  Lindsay led them to the waiting room while Nick was examined in the emergency room.  They had been waiting about an hour when David, Dalton and Sarah arrived.  
“How is he?” Dalton asked
“We don’t know yet.” answered Nathan.  
“Nick Cates family.” someone asked from the door.
“Yes, here.” Nathan stood.
“I am Dr. Cameron.  I am an orthopedic surgeon.  We are going to be setting his lower left leg in a cast and his left arm.  He has a concussion but it is mild.”
“Can we see him?” Dalton asked
“Later.  We need to get him in casts and moved to a room.  He will spend the night at least here and then will need a least a week of bed rest at home.  He is going to be fine. Everyone relax.”
The doctor’s report and soothing words did help everyone but Lindsay to relax.  Gabby and Nathan were taking a few much needed deep breaths.  Dalton was hugging his crying wife and David went to make a phone call.  
Lindsay was sitting alone in the waiting room while everyone went to see Nick in his room.  She couldn’t be near him again; he didn’t want her near him either.  Nathan came to sit by her “Thanks for riding with him.  I am sure he appreciated it even if he didn’t know you were there.”  Lindsay knew better but answered Nathan graciously.
Everyone left the hospital as visiting hours ended, Lindsay had gone into Nick’s room just so her family wouldn’t get suspicious of anything.  Thankfully he was asleep and didn’t know she was there.  She stayed just a minute to reassure herself that he was really okay then she joined her family.  
David and Lindsay rode back to the ranch together as did Dalton and Sarah.  David had arranged a hotel room close by for Gabby and Nathan who would probably bring Nick home tomorrow.  David and Lindsay were pretty silent as they arrived home.  “You okay Lindsay?  I know today was kind of tough.”
She had been moving towards her bedroom when David spoke but she turned back to answer “I’m fine.  It is just the stress of the day.  See you in the morning.”
“Night.”


Chapter 3

Lindsay was working in her office a week later when Gabby called in.  “Can you do me a favor?
“I’ll try.”
“I am baking a cake and can’t leave it but Nick needs his lunch.  Can you take it to him?”
No she cried silently “Sure” she answered Gabby.  “I’ll be right there.”
Nick had come home from the hospital two days after his accident.  He was on bed rest at Gabby’s house and Lindsay had avoided going to see him.  Until now.  I’m sorry Nick; this was your mother’s idea.  I tried to stay away.  
“Nick?” questioned Lindsay “I have your lunch.”
“I’m in the living room.” Nick responded
“I’m sorry to bother you, but your mom couldn’t leave the kitchen.” she said putting the lunch tray down where he could reach it.
“You are not bothering me, it is…”
“Can I get you anything else?” Lindsay asked.  He asked for something to drink and she escaped to get it for him.  She returned with the water and put it within reach and went to leave. 
Nick began “Thank you.  How are y..” Lindsay spoke at the same time “Bye.” Lindsay mumbled and turned again to leave
“Lindsay, wait!”
“Did you need something?” she asked quietly but didn’t turn to face him or even lift her head from the downcast position she had assumed.
“No, can you talk to me a while?”
“I guess” she said reluctantly but didn’t move to sit down
“You can sit down.” Nick gestured to the chair
She sat down, but didn’t say anything.
“Lindsay, is something wrong?”
She shook her head
“Lindsay, this isn’t like you.  What is it?”
“Nothing important.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“I have to get back to work.” She said as she stood to run from the room.
“Thank you Lindsay.  I appreciate you bringing my lunch.” He said momentarily halting her flight.
She mumbled a you are welcome and left.  Nick was stunned.  She didn’t even ask how I was or anything.  She didn’t even look at me.  I have been home for days and she hasn’t come by and now this.  What is wrong? He wondered.
Nick ate his lunch thinking about Lindsay.  She was so special to him only she didn’t know it.  He had known her most of their lives but in the last few months his feelings for her had changed.  She was becoming so important to his happiness, now how to get her to see that.
Nick fell asleep and dreamed of Lindsay dancing with him.  Riding with him and loving him forever. 
Lindsay however was rushing to her room to have a good cry.  She had to take some time off and soon.  Nick would be up and around soon and she needed to be gone.



Nick’s bed rest period had been over for about a week now and he was getting around on his walking cast.  He couldn’t do much work but he was glad to be up.  
Nick walked up the main house for dinner.  He greeted his mama and she asked him to go get Lindsay for dinner.  As he walked to the hallway, she came out of her office and stopped.  “I was just sent to get you” Nick called as she paused.  “Dinner’s ready.”
“Thanks but I am not hungry.  I was just going to tell Gabby not to expect me.  Would you tell her for me?”
“I can.  You haven’t eaten dinner with us in days.  You sick?”
“No, just not hungry.  Excuse me.” She said without looking at him and walked to her room.  She walked away from me again.  I can’t believe this.  Nick thought as he returned to the dining room.
“Where’s Lindsay?” asked Gabby
“She said she wasn’t hungry.” Nick answered
“Again?” questioned Dalton “Is there something wrong with her?”
Everyone shrugged and started eating.  Sarah was concerned for her friend.  Lindsay wasn’t eating or talking to anyone and it was time for a heart to heart.  Sarah finished eating and went to find Lindsay.  She knocked on her door but there was no answer.  She went back to the table and sat down again.
“Well?” asked Dalton
“She didn’t answer the door so I don’t know where she is.  I will talk to her later.  Let’s head home.”


David was relaxing in his room when there was a knock at his door.  “Come in”
“David, can I talk to you?”
“Sure, sit down.”
Lindsay sat on one of the chairs in the sitting area and tried to think of the best way to start this conversation.  
“Lindsay, what’s wrong?”
Lindsay took a fortifying breath “I am resigning from ranch manager and moving away.  I don’t want to work or live here anymore.  You will have to hire someone to manage the ranch business.”
“NO!” David shouted.  Lindsay was glad it was just the two of them in the house.  His shout would have brought the whole house to see what was wrong and she didn’t want anyone to know she was leaving. 
“I wasn’t asking your permission.  I’m telling you.”
“The answer is the same.  No.”
“Please David, this is very important to me.”
“NO, but I want to know why you mentioned it.”
“It is personal.”
“And I am your brother so tell me.”
“I can’t.” she replied softly
“The answer is no.  You are my sister; you will live and work here.”
“David, I really need some time away.”
“Then take a short vacation.”
“How about a month and I will take my work with me?”
“What is this all about? And why a month?”
“Please trust me David; I need to be away from here.”
“Ok, but if I think it isn’t working I want you to come home.”
“Thanks.  I will make it work.” Lindsay said
“Lindsay, I wish you would tell me what is wrong.”
“I can’t.” Lindsay gave him a sweet smile “Please have faith in me.”
“I do.”
“Thanks.  I love you David.  I’ll see you in a month.”
“I love you too Lindsay.”


Chapter 4

Lindsay had enjoyed her first day away from home.  She had accomplished more work in a few short hours than she had in weeks at home.  David hadn’t been thrilled with her leaving but finally gave in.  “But only if you can still do business away from home.”
She hadn’t told Dalton that she was leaving.  An email had been sent to Sarah explaining that she would be away for a month but to call or email her sometimes.  Sarah wrote back immediately wanting an explanation.  
Lindsay wrote back “I need a long vacation.”  She knew Sarah wasn’t going to accept that explanation but it was all she was going to get from Lindsay.  Whether or not David chose to tell them what she had originally requested was up to him.
The next morning Lindsay woke refreshed and feeling better than she had in months.  She was going to the gym and then to spend the day at the spa.  She loved being one of the owners of this hotel.  She got dressed and left her room.  As she waited for the elevator, the door to the other suite opened.  She turned to see who Dalton had let stay in his suite and found herself looking at Nick Cates.  
“What are you doing here?” they each asked at the same time
Lindsay responded “I am on vacation for a while.”
“Me too” Nick agreed
No, this can’t be.  I left because of you! Lindsay groaned silently.  Thankfully the elevator arrived and she got in hoping he wouldn’t join her but he did.
She pushed the button for the floor for the spa and he pushed the button for the dining room.  She didn’t speak or look at him.  
“Lindsay?” Nick cleared his throat “Do you want to have breakfast with me?”
“I can’t.  I have an appointment at the spa.”
“How about dinner?” he tried again
“Maybe, I have a table in the steakhouse at seven.  If you want to come, just tell them to seat you at the table.”
“I’ll be there.” Nick said as they reached the spa and she stepped off.  She waved back at him to acknowledge that she heard him.
Lindsay walked quickly to the gym to work off the stress she had acquired in that short elevator ride.  I must have the worst luck.  Who else would leave home and the problem follow her on vacation?  She went back to exercising and then went to the spa for her massage.  



Lindsay saw that Nick was already seated at the table when she arrived.  The hostess gave him a sly smile of welcome as she seated Lindsay.
“Hi.” She said as she sat down
“Hello.  You look nice.”
“Thank you.” Lindsay replied and moved to look at the menu as the waitress approached.  
They gave their dinner orders and tried to think of something to say to break the silence.  “How was your day?” Nick asked
“Nice.  I had a spa day.  You?”
“I went out to a ranch outside of town to look at some horses.”
“You are here to work then?”
“No, just wanted to see some of the results of the breeding program.” Nick replied.
“How are your arm and leg doing?” she said interrupting him
He held up his arm that still remained in the cast. “They are still healing.  Another couple of weeks in the cast and then physical therapy.”
“Good. I am sure you haven’t enjoyed those casts.”
“No, I can’t ride as well.”
“Ride?  What are you doing riding with….” Lindsay ducked her hand and waved her comments off “Sorry, none of my business.”
“Nick? Is that you?” a voice interrupted him before he could respond to Lindsay.
“Cassie?” he said recognizing the woman who stopped at their table.
“What are you doing here?” Cassie asked
“Cassie this is Lindsay Matthews. Lindsay this is Cassie Reynolds.”
“Nice to meet you Cassie.” Lindsay said to the beautiful woman.  
“Nice to meet you too” Cassie said and then turned to Nick.  “Want to meet for drinks later at Club Red?”
“Ah, maybe.  If I can make it, I’ll see you about ten.”
“Sure.  Bye Lindsay” Cassie said as she walked away with a hopeful smile to Nick
“You can go with her if you want Nick, we don’t have to have dinner.  The kitchen can cancel your order.” Lindsay moved to signal the waitress.
“No” Nick said “I want to have dinner with you.”
The server returned with their drinks “How do you know Cassie?” Lindsay asked 
“One time when Dalton and I came here for a vacation, we met up with Cassie and her friend and had some laughs.  She and I kept in touch for a while, but it didn’t last.”
Lindsay nodded.  Their dinners arrived and they began to eat.  Lindsay was extremely nervous and didn’t eat much.  The reason for her being on vacation was sitting across from her so why did she think she could eat.
“You are not eating.” Nick commented.  
Lindsay nodded “I guess I am not hungry after all.” 
“Why are you on vacation?  You didn’t mention it.”
She couldn’t respond, it was just too difficult to sit there and pretend she was fine.  In reality, she wasn’t fine, she really was sick to her stomach from the anxiety “Nick, I am not feeling well.  I am going to go to bed.  Enjoy the rest of your evening.” She said as she got to her feet and left the restaurant.
Dammit. She walked away from me again.  I am sick of this.  He went to her room to talk to her but she wouldn’t answer or she wasn’t there.  Tomorrow, I am going to hog tie her if I have too.



Nick knocked on Lindsay’s suite the next morning.  He hadn’t slept much and knew he wouldn’t until he talked to her.  The door opened only it wasn’t Lindsay, it was housekeeping.  “Where is Miss Matthews?” he asked the butler.
“She left early this morning, sir.” 
“Left as in for the day?”
“No, she checked out.”
“Thank you.” Nick replied as he turned for his suite.  He was calling her cell phone before he reached the door.  She didn’t answer but he left her a message to please call him.  Then he was dialed Dalton “Where is your sister?” Nick asked in frustration before Dalton finished his hello
“I assumed she was in Las Vegas.”
“Well, she checked out of her suite.” Nick grumbled
“Why?  Where did she go?” Dalton asked suddenly worried
“How should I know?  I went to talk to her and the butler told me she was gone.”
“Call her cell phone.”
“I did, she didn’t answer it.”
“I’ll call her and find out where she is.”
“Call me back.” Nick said as he hung up



Dalton dialed Lindsay’s cell phone.  “Where are you?  Nick said you checked out of the hotel.” He stated after her greeting. 
Lindsay went to defense mode “You didn’t tell me he was going to be there.”
Dalton countered “And you didn’t tell me you were going to be there.”
Lindsay responded defensively again “I’m sure Sarah or David told you I was going on vacation.”
“Yes, Sarah did.  She communicates with me.  Something I also expected from my sister.  But why are you gone for a month?”
“Because I need it.”
“Why?”
“I just do.  I’ll talk to you later.” She said as she hung up on him.
But where are you? Dalton thought as she hung up on him.  He dialed her again but she didn’t answer.  
He called Nick back.  “Where is she?” Nick said in greeting
“She didn’t tell me”
“Call her again.”
“I did. She didn’t answer.”
“This is unbelievable.” Nick said frustrated
“Tell me what happened.” Dalton urged
“We were eating dinner last night and we were interrupted by Cassie.  Remember her?”
“Yes. And?”
“I introduced Cassie to Lindsay and then Cassie asked me to meet her for drinks later.  I said maybe and Cassie left.  Lindsay asked me how I knew her and I told her about how we met them.  Then our food arrived and Lindsay didn’t eat again.  I commented on it and she said she didn’t feel good and left the restaurant.  I went to her room but she either wasn’t there or didn’t answer the door.  So I waited until this morning to try again.  She looked terrible last night, is there something wrong with her?”
“David and Sarah tell me that she is going to be on vacation for a month.  They said Las Vegas so I don’t know why she left it.” Dalton said a little confused.
 “A month?  She is gone for a month?” Nick was astonished.  He wanted to go out on a date with her and begin to change their friendship to something more.  Nick called her cell phone again after hanging up with Dalton but she didn’t answer again.  


Chapter 5

Lindsay’s month was only about half over and Nick was going crazy.  He had called her a dozen times and left messages.  She never called him back.  He sent her emails that were never answered if she even read them.  
“Hey” Dalton called to Nick
“Have you heard from her?  Where is she?”
“I’m fine.  Thanks for asking. And how are you?”
“I would be better if that sister of yours would answer my calls or emails.  Where is she?”
Dalton shrugged “All she tells me the few times I have talked to her is that she is fine.  She isn’t communicating with me either.  My question is why is she not talking to you and why does that mean she won’t talk to me either?”
“What about Sarah?  Surely Sarah knows where she is.”
“I don’t think so.  If she doesn’t want us to know then we won’t know.”
“Why is she ignoring my emails and phone calls, I just want to talk to her?  Tell her that the next time she calls you.”  Nick said pointing at Dalton.  
“You’ve told me that repeatedly and I have told her that, repeatedly.”
“And what does she say?”
“She usually changes the subject or hangs up on me.”
Nick stalked off to brood some more. 
“Nice to see you too, friend.”
Nick waved absently while Dalton laughed at him.  



Lindsay let herself into the house late one night about a month later.  She hadn’t told her family that she was coming home tonight so they wouldn’t be waiting for her.  She had enjoyed her working vacation mostly.  She knew the solution to her problem but it was going to break her heart to follow through with the plan.  She was going to leave her family, her home and Nick.
Lindsay was quietly walking to her room when David stopped her “Hey stranger.  Welcome home.”
Lindsay stopped and turned to him.  He walked up to her and hugged her.  “Hi big brother.”
“You look rested.”
Lindsay shrugged her shoulders “I hope it wasn’t too inconvenient having me work away from home.”
“We managed.”
“Good.  Maybe I can do it again then?” she asked hopefully
“Maybe.” David returned
“I’m tired I’ll see you tomorrow.” Lindsay said as she moved towards her room.
“Night”



Lindsay slept late the next morning.  She wanted to make sure everyone had gone before she went to breakfast.  Gabby hugged her as she entered the kitchen.  They caught up on all the ranch happenings while Gabby fixed her breakfast.  Lindsay didn’t care about much of it except the part where Nick was gone to town for a while to get supplies.  
She left the kitchen and decided this was her chance to go riding without Nick being in the barn to hinder her.  Lindsay was walking toward the tack room when Nick stepped from one of the stalls.  He hadn’t seen her yet so she turned around and went back to the house.
Gabby was still in the kitchen when Lindsay entered the house.  “I thought you were going riding.” Gabby stated.  
“I changed my mind.” Lindsay said quietly as she was leaving the kitchen
“Lindsay, is anything wrong?” Gabby asked
Lindsay paused and quietly said “No” then continued on to the office.  



Nick was walking by David’s office later that morning.  “When is Lindsay coming home?” Nick asked
“She is home.” David answered
“She is?  I haven’t seen her.”
“She got in late last night.  Maybe she is sleeping in.”
Nick nodded and left the office.  Finally I will have a chance to talk to her.  



Lindsay walked down to the barn shortly after lunch.  Hopefully Nick is gone to town now.  Unfortunately, she was wrong.  She was opening the door to Brandy’s stall after retrieving her saddle from the tack room when he approached.
“Hi Lindsay”
“Hi” she said very quietly 
“Do you need some help?”
Lindsay shook her head no and didn’t look at him.  Please go away she thought to herself.
“Nick!” Nathan called from another stall.  “I need your help for a minute.”
“Coming” he said as he walked away.
Lindsay was grateful to Nathan for pulling his son away.  She finished saddling her horse and left on her ride.  She would miss riding and she wanted to take a ride to the creek.  It was a beautiful time of year to enjoy being outdoors.
She hadn’t been there very long when she heard another horse and rider approaching.  Nick and his horse came into view a few minutes later.  She started back to her horse to leave.  Lindsay kept her head down as she mounted her horse.  She didn’t speak and she didn’t look at him as she started to ride off.
“Are you going to say anything?” he asked incredulously
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t know you were coming out here.  I’m leaving.” She said keeping her head tucked and not looking at him.  
“That isn’t what I meant.” Nick growled out.  Lindsay ignored him and nudged her horse to move on.  
“Don’t! Please stay.” Nick said hurriedly as he climbed down.
“Goodbye Nick.  I’m sorry for everything.”
“What are you talking about?  What are you doing out here?”
“I’ll be gone in a few days.  I only came home to pack.  If you can just ignore me until then, I’ll hide out in my room and skip meals.  You won’t see me, I promise.” she pleaded with him then quietly spoke “I’m sorry.”
“Gone?  Where are you going?”
“I’m moving away.”
“What?!”
“Goodbye Nick.” She said as she started to move away again.
“Wait a minute.  Why are you acting this way?  Why did you ignore my phone calls and emails?”
“Why does it matter now?” she asked quietly
“I don’t know what that means.” He stated.  
“David would probably give you the time off if you can’t be here at the same time as me.  Goodbye Nick.”
“I don’t get why you are acting this way.  Did something happen that I don’t know about?”
“The helicopter ride was enough don’t you think?” Lindsay spoke “I am sorry that I was there where you didn’t want me to be.  David thought it would be good if someone you knew was with you.  I didn’t know you hated me that bad.  If we had to do that day over again, I’d have David ride with you.  I’d save you from having to tell me to get away from you, I’d save you from me.  I honestly didn’t know you hated me.  I’m truly sorry I was there in your way.” She said nudging her horse to leave.  
Nick was astonished at what she said.  He hadn’t said anything to her, had he?  “You actually think I didn’t want you there?”
“I don’t think it, I know it.  I remember it.  I’m sure my memory of that day is lots better than yours.  I relive it every time I think about you and when see someone I thought was my friend.  So I am moving away forever just like you wanted.”
“No.  I’m sorry.  I don’t have any memory of that ride at all so I shouldn’t have said “think”.  I don’t know at all what you said to me when I woke up.  Tell me.”
Lindsay shook her head and said quietly “It isn’t important anymore.”
“Oh yes it is.  Tell me now.” He said strongly.
Lindsay took a deep breath and looked to the sky to stop the tears that threatened.  “You started to get agitated and so I leaned over to tell you that you were in a helicopter on the way to the hospital and that you were going to be okay.  I thought it would help you relax.”
“And what was my response?”
“You told me to get away from you and leave you alone that you didn’t want me there.”
“Lindsay” he pleaded “I wouldn’t have meant it.”
“I thought so too.  So I tried to talk to you again and then you got even more agitated and tried to get up.  But you still said it again.  So I sat away from you and shut up.”
“What happened then?”
“The flight nurse talked to you and you calmed down and then went back to being unconscious.”
Nick was saddened that she took it that way.  “I don’t remember any of that. I’m sorry I hurt you.”
Lindsay started to instruct her horse to move again.
 “You don’t believe me do you?” he asked 
“No.  I am going to be gone soon.  Please accept my apology.”
Nick grabbed her reins and put himself in her path “NO!  You can’t leave the ranch! This is your home. Your brothers and Sarah are here.” Nick exclaimed then calmed down to explain further “I don’t want you to leave.  I never would mean to say that you should leave me alone.  You are my family.” Nick stated trying to make her understand. And you mean so much to me.
“Please let me go home.  It is best.  I can’t stay here, everyone will become embroiled in our battle.  Our family would suffer.  I will see my brothers and Sarah when they come visit me.”
“And what about Mama and Dad and me?”
Lindsay shook her head no.
“Never?”
“Rarely” was her soft reply “It’s for the best.  I’ll time my visits when you aren’t here so you don’t have to see me.  It’s what you want.”
“It isn’t what I want.” Nick exclaimed
“I didn’t imagine it Nick, I heard you tell me that you didn’t want me around.  I’m trying to do that.”
“Please come down from your horse, we have to talk about this!”
“What would be the point?  I’m doing what you want; can’t you be happy with that?  I can’t give up anything else for you, it is all gone already.”
Taking a firmer hold on her horse and laying his hand on her leg “Will you listen to me?  I’m sorry for what I said in the ambulance.  Please believe that.  You can’t leave StageWest.”
“Yes, I can and I will.  It is best for everyone.  No one will ever know the reason, I won’t tell them.  Someday though, if you would please tell me the reason, tell me what I did that caused you to - hate me?” Lindsay asked around the huge lump in her throat
“I don’t hate you!  You didn’t do anything to me.  I don’t know why I said those things to you.  I wouldn’t have meant them.”
“You don’t say things you don’t mean Nick.”
“I didn’t mean them.  I don’t even remember that day.”
“Then how do you know you didn’t mean them?”
“Because you are my family, we have never been at odds.  We have always gotten along.”
“I thought that too.” She replied sadly with the tears running down her face. “But we  I mean I was wrong apparently.  I am very sad about that.” Lindsay started her horse forward and whispered “I love you Nick.  Goodbye”
“Lindsay!  Wait!”
Lindsay urged her horse even faster until she was at a fast gallop.  She raced back to the barn and asked the first ranch hand that she saw if he would take care of her horse for her.  He agreed and Lindsay ran for the house and went directly to her room and locked the door to her suite and her bedroom.  
Lindsay collapsed on the bed in tears.  Why did I come home?  I knew this was a mistake.  
It wasn’t long before she could hear someone knocking on her suite door but she didn’t answer it.  A few seconds later her cell phone rang, the display showed that it was Nick.  She didn’t answer it and turned her phone off.  
Lindsay cried off and on for the rest of the day.  Someone came and knocked on her door again to announce dinner probably, but she ignored it.  She began to look around her room to decide what to pack, what to take with her and what to have shipped to her new home wherever that ended up to be.  
Much later that night, Lindsay decided she needed something to eat and then she would go to her office to decide what items in there to pack.  She spent a few minutes in the office but most of the stuff would stay at the ranch for the next manager. 
Lindsay went back to her room and decided to go to bed, her emotions of the day had taken their toll and she was exhausted.  She climbed in bed and turned off the light and amazingly fell asleep quickly.
A short time later, Nick opened Lindsay’s bedroom door and crept in.  He moved cautiously to not scare her.  
“Lindsay” he said sitting gently on the bed “Wake up.”
Lindsay startled out of her sleep and started to scream and he clamped his hand over her mouth.  “It’s Nick.” He said leaning over to turn the light on. “It’s me.” He repeated.
“Get out of my room.”
“No.  I have to talk to you.  I have been trying all day; I left you a dozen messages.”
“My phone is off, that should have been a hint that I didn’t want to talk to you.  Go Away!”
“I am not leaving until you tell me that you aren’t moving away tomorrow.”
“I am not moving away tomorrow.” Lindsay replied too quickly
“That was too easy.  I am still not leaving.  I need to tell you something.”
“No.  It is the middle of the night and I am tired.  I can’t take anything else, Nick.  I am done.  I have nothing left; can’t you just leave me alone?  For old times’ sake, can’t you do that one thing for me until I am gone?  I won’t be here but a few more days.” She cried pleading with him again.
Nick got up off the bed as Lindsay continued to cry into her pillow.  At least he is leaving. She thought.  The next thing she knew he was climbing into bed with her.
“What are you doing?” she cried astonished
“Going to sleep.  I am not leaving until we talk and since you are tired and I am tired, we are going to sleep.  But I don’t trust you so I am not leaving your side.”
“Get Out!”
“No.  We will talk in the morning.”
“Why are you doing this?  Are you enjoying hurting me this bad?”
Nick grimaced with the anguish in her voice.  “My intention is to talk to you, never to hurt you.  If you promise to take a ride with me in the morning so we can have a discussion; then I will go home now.  Do you promise?”
“You and I do not have anything to discuss.” She said angrily.
She was defensive and hurt, ready to fight at anything he said.  He knew that was a sure way to lose her forever so he decided that fighting was not helping his cause, Nick said snuggled up to a pillow “Good night.”
Just like every time she had seen him in recent months, her stomach ached from the anxiety and her heart broke from unrequited feelings “I almost hate you.” She said
“No you don’t, you love me.” He replied offhandedly
Lindsay grabbed her pillow and went to the couch in her sitting room.  She lay down and covered up with the blanket that was draped over the back of the couch.  She cried for several long minutes until exhaustion claimed her again.
Nick was lying silently in the bed listening to her cry herself to sleep.  I’m sorry Lindsay; I hope you can forgive me after we talk tomorrow.
Nick woke up early the next morning and went to the kitchen to fix some coffee and toast.  He wanted them to be gone for their discussion before the rest of the family woke up.  
Lindsay was still sleeping when he sat the coffee and toast down on her coffee table next to the couch.  “Lindsay, wake up.  Get dressed then we can eat and go for our ride.”
Lindsay groaned “I was hoping last night was a dream.”
“No, it is a nightmare.  You are so stubborn.  This is all your fault.”
“My fault?  I…”
“Get dressed or I will haul you down to the stables and throw you over my horse and carry you “dead man” style in your pajamas.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“In a heartbeat…. you have two minutes.” Nick said looking at his watch.
Lindsay continued to lie on the couch not giving into his threat.  
“One minute.  Don’t tempt me, I am mad enough at you to do it.”
“What right do you have to be mad at me?”
“Time’s up.” He said standing to pick her up off the couch
“Put me down or I will scream the house down.”
“Do it and then explain to David why you are being dragged out of your room in your pajamas by me.  I’ll tell him you are moving away and then I’ll watch him chain you to the bed until you die.  I dare you.”
She gave in at that threat. “Put me down and I’ll get dressed.”  Nick put her down and she went to get dressed.  
As she came out of her dressing room, he was blocking the door so she couldn’t escape him.  She grabbed her hat and stood waiting for him.  He clamped his hand around her wrist and opened the door.  It was just beginning to be daylight as they left the house but they didn’t go to the barn; instead they went to his house so he could change clothes.  “Sit” he growled “If you even think of running away, I will chase you down.” 
Nick rushed into his room and changed clothes as rapidly as he could.  He kept one ear listening for the door in case she ran again.  “It is about time you listen to reason.” He said as he entered the living room again carrying his boots.  Lindsay remained silent.  “No comment?” he asked sarcastically.  Lindsay ignored him.
He finished pulling his boots on and grabbed his hat.  As he put it on, he clamped his hand around her wrist again and pulled her to her feet.  “Pretend to ignore me all you want, but you will stay with me until you listen to what I have to say.  Even if it takes days.”
Lindsay stood silently waiting for him.  Nick growled at her and pulled her outside and headed for the barn.  As they came to the tack room he had to let go of her arm.  “The same threat applies.  Run away from the barn and I will hunt you down.  Now, go saddle Brandy.”
Lindsay grabbed her tack and went to saddle her horse.  They finished about the same time and met in the aisle of the barn.  He mounted and waited for her to do the same.  “Go first.” He said motioning her to head out.  “I’ll follow you since I don’t trust you for one minute.”
She urged her horse forward and they left the barn to head towards the creek.  They were silent as they rode, he was mad and she was ignoring him.  The sooner he speaks the sooner this will be over and I can get on with my life.
As they reached the creek by the cabin, Nick grabbed for the reins of her horse so she couldn’t escape as he dismounted.  “Get down and go sit over there.” He said pointing to a stump by the water.  Lindsay was being agreeable so this would end quickly; she dismounted and went to sit on the stump per his instructions.  He dismounted also and tied both horses to a nearby tree.  
“You are just pretending to placate me aren’t you?  It is fine with me; as long as you sit there and listen to what I have to say.”
Lindsay continued to stare at the ground and make tracks in the dirt with her boots.  Nick paced back and forth in front of her.  “I am so mad at you.  I have tried everything to get you to listen to me.  Why are you being this stubborn?”  He stopped and waited for her response but there was nothing.  The ground was all she looked at, her head was tucked close to her chest.
Nick captured her chin to lift it so she would look at him but as he raised her head he saw the silent tears flowing down her cheeks.  She hadn’t been ignoring him completely “Lindsay…” he began but she jerked out of his hold and lowered her head again.
“What can I say to make this better?  I have apologized, but you don’t believe I am sorry.  I am so sorry for hurting you in the helicopter and for yesterday and for last night and for today.”
Lindsay stood up hoping they were done with their discussion and moved towards her horse.  Nick was stunned.  “I am so sick and tired of you walking away from me when I try to talk to you.  Where do you think you are going?  We are not done talking.” He replied angrily as he captured her arm again to drag her back to the stump.  “This discussion would go a lot better if you would contribute to it.”
The tear tracts were still visible on her face and her voice shook “Ok, here is my contribution…I hear your apology.  It doesn’t make any difference, I will be gone in a few days and you can forget about me.”
Shock rolled through Nick “And you can just forget about me?”
She raised her hand and placed it over her heart as a pledge “No, I will never forget you.  You may hate me but you are my family and I love you.”  Lindsay replied sadly “I will…”  
Nick astonished face stopped her words.  He paused and thought for a minute as her words clicked a memory.  “You said that to me before.”
Lindsay stared at the ground “Said what?”
“About loving me.  When you said it just now, it clicked a weak memory.”
Lindsay just kept staring at the ground.  
“Answer the question.” Nick pleaded
“You didn’t ask me a question” she said trying to avoid him
“Did you tell me that you love me?” he said in a clipped tone
“When did you hear me say that?” she asked continuing to stall him
“Did you tell me that you love me?” he said again in a frustrated voice 
“Of course I love you.  I have known you most of my life.” She said defensively.
Nick shook his head “No, that isn’t the memory I have.  Wait a minute ..when I was in the hospital you told me to wake up.  You needed me and you love me.  You said that to me, I’m sure of it.”
“And if I did, so what?  An hour later you told me to leave you alone. You looked me in the eye and told me to get away from you.”  Lindsay swallowed back the tears that threatened.  Each time she remembered his comments from the helicopter her heart broke again “I’m trying, I’m really trying to do that.  I didn’t come see you when you were on bed rest unless Gabby asked me too.  And my plan to move is underway.  So with all that cleared up, is our discussion over now?  Can we go back home?” she asked returning to her horse and untying it.  He grabbed the reins from her and shook his head no so she turned to walk back to the ranch.  At least she would be away from him.
“You can’t walk back to the ranch.”
“And you can’t stop me!” 
“Watch me sweetheart!” He said as he stepped in front of her.
“This is ridiculous, I am leav…” she didn’t get any more said until he grabbed her arms and pulled her close.  Then he kissed her to shut her up.
She squirmed free from him and started to yell at him again. “You can’t …”
“Shut up or I’ll do it again!” Nick yelled right back.
She shut up.  She wasn’t stupid.  She didn’t want him anywhere near her heart that was breaking.
“Smart girl.  Just stand there, don’t talk, and don’t move.  I have to think.”
“Nick, I…” she started to say but he glared at her
“Dammit, do you have to be this stubborn?  Shut up, my brain is trying to remember.”
“Don’t curse at me.” She yelled right back at him
“I’m sorry. Will you please give me a minute?” Nick asked at the end of his patience with her.  He handed her the reins and walked a ways away from her.
Lindsay waited for him to say something but he just kept looking at the creek.  She climbed on her horse and turned to give him one last look and an apology but he had silently moved to stop her horse.
He said “Please don’t” at the same time she said “Please move” and neither did anything.  His eyes pleaded with her to come down from the horse.  He must have gotten his message across because she climbed down and tied her horse to the tree.
She walked away from him and sat down on the stump again.  He went to kneel down in front of her but his leg wasn’t having that.  “I can’t kneel on that leg yet.” He said standing up.  She rushed to get up so he could sit.  “No, I’m fine.  Stay seated.  I just want to be looking at you when I talked you.”
“Lindsay, is my memory correct?  Did you tell me that you need me and you love me?”
Why didn’t I develop a skill to lie convincingly?  I could have bluffed my way through this and been on my way home. She got up to move away from him.  
“Lindsay, I’m sorry, I…”
“Don’t!” she said holding up her hand and backing away some more.  “Just don’t.”
“Lindsay, I…”
“Dammit, you called me stubborn!  I said …”
He grabbed her up and kissed her again.  
“Stop doing that!” she said angrily as he released her
“Then shut up.” He said just as angry
“And stop telling me to shut …” she said as he grabbed her again and shut her up with a kiss
“Nick, stop…”
“Dammit Lindsay!” he yelled frustrated to death with her.  “I am going to tie you up and gag you if you don’t shut up.  I have something to say.”
She fired right back at him.  “Stop kissing me.  Say whatever you have to say then I am going home.”
“You are beautiful when you are mad.” Nick said trying to get her to calm down.  
She laughed without humor “My humiliation is complete now.  Well, at least you have something to remember me by when I am gone.  You can hate me and laugh at me at the same time.” 
“How dare you think that of me?” Nick exploded
“And how dare you have fun at my expense?  How much more do I have to pay?  I didn’t know you hated me.  I’m sorry and I wouldn’t have been there if I had known.  I can’t do anything about that day but give you what you want; isn’t giving up my family and my home enough for you?” She cried crushed beyond anything she could imagine.
“Fun?  You think I am having fun?  This isn’t fun.  I am watching one of my best friends in the whole world fall apart in front of my eyes.  I am watching my dreams go up in smoke.”
Lindsay gasped “What are you talking about?” she asked stunned
“Nothing.  Forget it.  Go home.”
“Not until you tell me what you are talking about?”
“Go home. Discussion over.”
“What do I have to do with your dreams?” she asked “When did you ever dream about me?  You hate me remember.”
“I do NOT hate you.  You are one of my best friends in the whole world.” He shouted at her.  “Will you please just listen to me?” he said in a little bit calmer voice.
Lindsay’s voice wasn’t calm in return “Listen to what?  I already have plenty enough reason to move away, do you need to heap more on?”
“That’s it.  Mama, forgive me but she deserves this.” Nick picked her up and threw her over his shoulder and walked to his horse and grabbed his rope.  He took her over to the tree and stood her beside it and started to tie her to it.  She scrambled away from him.  He turned the rope in his hand and started to lasso her with it.  He got it over her head as she ran and pulled it tight.  She fell backwards onto the ground.  He ran to her and tied her up like a calf roper at a rodeo would.  He leaned over her and glared at her “You are going to listen to me or I am going to leave you here for the wild animals.”
“Untie Me!” she said angrier than she had even been in her life
“Are You Going to Listen to Me?” he shot back
“No.” she yelled
He walked to his horse and mounted up.  “Have a nice day!” he said as he rode away.
Lindsay was screaming whatever she could think of to scream at him.  “I am going to kill you when I get loose.  My brothers are going to kill you.  Your mother is going to kill you.  Why did I ever say I love you?  I can’t stand you.  You are mean!”  Lindsay finally ran out of things to scream at him and let her head rest on the ground. “At least you could have tied me up in the cabin where it was comfortable.” She said to empty woods.
“I could have, but my patience was gone and that is where you landed.”
Lindsay gasped when he started talking to her from a distance.  She couldn’t see him but could hear him.
She started yelling at him to untie her again.  She yelled that he was mean. She stopped when she didn’t hear any answer. “Nick?”
“Are you finished?  Because I can leave you here and go home and no one will know for hours where you are.  Now are you going to cooperate?”
“No. Just go home and tell my brother that you tied me in the woods.  I will enjoy seeing you laid out on the ground after he kills you.”
“Bloodthirsty aren’t we?” Nick said with a chuckle.  “See you later babe, it hasn’t been fun.”
“I am not your babe.  I am your little sister.  Remember that’s how you see me. Or is it Dalton’s little sister?  Either way is fine with me.  You won’t live long enough for it to matter anymore.” She yelled at him
“I remember now.” Nick said as he trotted his horse towards her.  “The night before my accident, I called you my little sister in the barn and you freaked out.”
“I did not freak out” Lindsay said in an outraged tone
“Yes, you did.  I put my hand on your arm to ask you what was wrong.  You pushed it away and ran for the house.  I followed you to your room and you either didn’t answer or weren’t there, which was it?” He said standing over her with a fierce expression in his eyes.
“Go home.  I don’t want to talk to you anymore.”
“Dammit Lindsay, when did you get this stubborn?  
He reached into his pocket and pulled out his handkerchief and tied it around her mouth.  She couldn’t fight him with her hands tied but she finally shut up.  She didn’t lie quietly and calmly though; she was still squirming on the ground.
“I can stand here all day and watch you squirm on the ground.  It is very entertaining.  Or you can lie there calmly and listen to me.”
She decided to pretend to listen to him and then he would leave her alone to deal with whatever he had said.  She nodded and looked at him.  He took it as a sign she was listening.
“Yes, I did think of you as Dalton’s little sister.” He said and she started squirming in anger again.  Her eyes were shooting sparks at him.  He held up his hand to calm her again. “But that started to change a few months ago.”
“What?” she tried to say over the cloth in her mouth.  
“You have always been special to me and yes it was mostly like a kid sister.  But now, it is a new kind of special and I want to see where and how it grows.  Why not?” he asked as she was shaking her head.
Lindsay glared at him.  But he laughed “I am not taking that off so I’ll ask yes or no questions.”
“Will you go out to dinner with me?  Maybe dancing?”
She shook her head no.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” He laughed “Will go on a ride with me sometime and not strand me in the woods?”
Emphatically she shook her head no.
“Another yes, great.”  He paused for a moment as he pretended to think of another question “Will you let me kiss you again?  I really enjoyed that sweetheart.”
She gasped around the handkerchief and again answered with another shake of her head “no”.
“Wow, another yes, all great answers to my questions.”  He said sitting down on the ground beside her.  “How about a picnic here by the creek?”
Again, her answer was a no.  But he pumped his hand in the air. “Yes” Nick crowed.  He was practically strutting with delight.  “She wants to date me.  Then I get to kiss her some more.  Yeah, I’m good.  Let’s try this one do you love me and need me?” and that was the wrong thing to ask.  She shut down right before his eyes.  
Lindsay closed her eyes to block out the pain and turned away.  This is all a joke to him.  She kept her eyes closed but the tears came anyway.  Nick saw them and scrambled to remove the handkerchief from her mouth.  “I’m sorry. Don’t cry, I’ll untie you just don’t kick anything important.  Please.  Lindsay, I’m sorry.” Only she had stopped listening and was waiting for him to untie her.  He tried to get her to look at him by gently turning her head with his hand; but she jerked out of his reach.
Nick decided to wait a minute before he untied her.  It would be safer for him but he also had to get her to listen to him.  “Lindsay, I was being serious with that question.  I know it didn’t sound like it but I was.  Please!  I need an answer to that question.  Why did you tell me that in the hospital?  Is it true?”
She started squirming hard enough for the rope to cut into the skin on her wrists.  “Easy sweetheart, you are hurting yourself.”
Lindsay didn’t even hear him so he gathered her close so she had to stop squirming.  He held her close and whispered to her that it was okay.  He kissed the top of her head trying to be soothing.  “Please answer me.  I need to know if it is true.  I want it to be true.” He said finally and she whipped her head around so fast that she clobbered him in the chin.  
She tried to apologize with her eyes as he rubbed his sore chin.  “You have a hard head babe, but then I should have known that since you are tied up just so I could talk to you.” Nick said with laughter in his voice.
She finally lay still on the ground.  Nick leaned over her to look her directly in the eye.  “I want it to be true, is it?”
She looked him in the eyes trying to find the laughter he was hiding.  It was going to hurt so bad when he laughed at her.  She finally decided she had steeled her heart as much as she could then she nodded and closed her eyes against the pain again.
Nick didn’t say anything just began to untie her.  When he was finished he helped her to stand and tried to hug her, but she walked to his horse and untied the reins and handed them to him.  She walked away and didn’t look back.  
He started after her but she heard him and turned around.  There was nothing there, she had shut down completely.  Her eyes were dead and just shook her head and pointed towards the ranch.  “I’m not leaving you here, Lindsay.  Get on your horse and let’s go or we can talk more.  We need to talk about this.”
She shook her head and said “I can’t” very softly.
“Then just listen.  I want you to love me.  I want to be needed by you.  You are not my little sister or Dalton’s little sister anymore.  I want to know you as my girl.” He said pleading with her to listen.
“Why now?  Why not before?  I’ll tell you why…I told you I love you and need you and you feel guilty that you said some things to me that you don’t even remember saying.  You are trying to smooth things over.  I am not an idiot; you are treating this like a big joke.  You said all this now just to get me to listen to you.  Well, guess what I listened.  Are you happy now?  Great.  Nick’s happy and we can go back home now.  All is well.”
“Nick is not happy and we are not going anywhere until you listen to me again.  I don’t mean any of this as a joke.  I know I hurt you.  I’m sorry for what I said in the air ambulance.  I can’t imagine ever pushing you away.” He reached for her and she didn’t back away.  “I started to care differently for you several months ago, but I was scared.  We have known each other for years.  If you and me didn’t work out, what were we going to do then?  We both live here.  I have been trying for months to figure out what to do next and since Dalton’s wedding you have been avoiding me.  I do want there to be a “you and me”.  Can we try?”
“It would be easier if I move away and we forget we ever knew each other.  Wouldn’t you rather have that? You..”
“No!  Never!!” he interrupted
“You don’t want me.  We would have been a couple long before now if you really wanted this.”
“I told you, I am scared.  But I do want you!” he exclaimed “I really do!”
Lindsay paused and tried to read his thoughts.  His eyes were pleading with her to listen.  “Nick, please don’t say this if it isn’t true.  I can’t take it.” Lindsay said trying to remain calm and not cry.
“It is very true!” He said urgently “Can we try?”
“And what if it doesn’t work out?” she asked the tough question
“Don’t doubt us before we even start.  We have a great foundation on which to start, let’s build together and not even think of looking back.  I didn’t mean to hurt you at all and I don’t want to hurt you anymore.  It hurts me too.”
“And if our family asks us, what are we going to tell them?”
“The truth.  Not about me roping you today, I like my body in one piece. But that we are going to go out on dates and get to know one another and become more than friends.”
“Won’t they think it’s weird, we practically grew up together as brother and sister?”
“We are not brother and sister.  Not after those kisses.” Nick said emphatically
Lindsay blushed.  “Yeah, we need to talk about that too.  You can’t shut me up by …”
He leaned down and kissed her again to shut her up. “Want to bet on that sweetheart?” he said grabbing her hands before she slugged him.  “I think kissing you anytime and for any reason works just fine for me.” He kissed her again to prove his point.  
“Isn’t there some crazy “man” law about dating your best friend’s sister?” she asked when she could breathe again.  
“Yes, I am sure that bodily injury of some sort will come my way from Dalton.  Who cares?  Will you nurse me back to health?”
“Probably.” She said with a shy smile then sobered to ask “What if our family disagrees with us and says this isn’t a good idea?”
“I know your brothers will think it is a horrible idea.  But Sarah and my mama won’t.  We will hide behind them.  Who cares what they say, what do you say?”
“You are nuts.” She said shyly at him
“Probably but ….?”
“Ok, but no secrets, no running scared, if something comes up we talk about it.  I can’t handle it if I see you start to have doubts and you don’t tell me about them.  We will have to be adults and go back to being “family” and live at the same ranch if this “you and me” thing falls apart.  Deal?”
“Deal.  How about we seal it with a kiss?” Nick asked hopefully.
She blushed and stammered “less than one minute into our relationship and we already have something to talk about.”
“What? You don’t want to kiss me.” He asked uncertainly
“I don’t know how to kiss you.  I haven’t exactly dated a lot in my life.  I live at home and in a small town and I don’t get out much.”
“Lindsay, shut up.” He said gently as he leaned his forehead against hers “Just close your eyes and enjoy it.” He leaned down very close and touched his lips to hers.  He lingered there for a minute as he enjoyed her taste.  He broke the kiss and watched her face for a reaction.  She opened her eyes and smiled at him.  His heart tumbled and he knew without any doubts that he was in love with her.
He hugged her close to steady his heartbeat.  “Should we go home or do you want to stay here longer?”
“Home?  Oh no, I am supposed to be working.  How long have we been out here?  Aren’t you supposed to be working?”
“Hey, relax.  I am not cleared to work yet so no I am not supposed to be working.  You can take a morning off; I don’t think David or Dalton will fire you.”
She stopped and took a deep breath “Sorry I panicked there for a minute.  It is my ranch too, I can take time off.”
Nick took her by the hand and led her to the cabin.  He pulled the key from his pocket and opened the door.  
“Now you take me into the cabin.  I was tied up on the ground but no, NOW, I get to go in the cabin.” 
“I thought you might want to freshen up.  You are a bit of a mess from the ground.  I have an extra shirt in the closet.” Nick led her to the room he used and gave her a new shirt to put on.  He winked at her and left the room.
He walked to the living room and sat down hard in the chair and leaned back and expelled a deep breath.  Oh my word.  I have never worked that hard to get a woman to go out with me.  She exhausted me and I loved it.  And I love her.  
Lindsay was in the bedroom in shock.  They were going to start dating.  She was happy and scared at the same time.  She put the shirt up to her nose and smelled Nick’s scent.  Oh my, he smells really good.  Maybe I can just forget to return this shirt.  She changed shirts and left to find him.  He was sprawled out on the chair and she immediately become concerned.  “Nick, are you okay?”
“Yes, sweetheart, I am fine; just thinking about all that has happened this morning.”
She sat down hard in the chair next to him.  “You scared me to death.  You looked so quiet and still.”
Nick was happily stunned she really was concerned about me.  It is true!  “I’m sorry, I was just resting.  You exhausted me.”
Lindsay smacked him gently on the arm “How does that work, “big strong ranch hand” done in by a little girl?”
“Not a little girl, a beautiful woman.” Nick replied staring into her eyes as he cupped his hand around her chin.  Lindsay blushed again so Nick had to kiss her.  
“Let’s go home sweetheart, they may be missing us.” Nick took her hand and they walked to their horses.  They mounted up and headed towards the ranch.  They hadn’t gone very far when Nick stopped their horses and turned to Lindsay.  “Will you go out on our 1st date with me tomorrow night?  Dinner and dancing?”
“Our first date?” she asked confused
“Yes, our first of many I hope.”
“Is that like a second first date?” 
“What are you talking about?” he asked “It is a first date.”
“I would like that very much.” She answered quietly but still confused.
He reached over and raised her chin to look at him.  “Me too” and he kissed her again.
They rode into the ranch together but no one seemed to pay any attention to them.  They took care of their horses and then walked to the house.  “By the way, you look fabulous in my shirt.” Nick whispered to her.  “Now, let’s see if Mama saved us some breakfast.”


Chapter 6

Not only was Gabby waiting on them, but so were David, Dalton, Sarah and his Nick’s dad and Nick’s brother ,Travis.  They had forgotten that it was Saturday and everyone spent time together on the weekend.
They stopped just inside the kitchen and stared guiltily at each other.  “Hi everyone.  We are sorry we missed breakfast.” Lindsay rushed to explain.
“Yeah, Lindsay went for a ride and I happened upon her by the creek and we just got busy talking.”
Dalton deflated their small talk. “Lindsay, why are you wearing Nick’s shirt?”
“Oh” she began as her face shifted to Nick’s “he loaned it to me when mine got dirty out by the creek.  I was lying in the dirt relaxing and my shirt got dirty.”
“Since when did that mean you needed a new shirt?” David inquired.  “You have been dirty before and Nick never loaned you a shirt.”
“True.  But he did this time.”
“Nick, why did you loan Lindsay a shirt?” Dalton asked of his best friend 
“She told you.  Her shirt got dirty.”
“Uh huh, she did mention that.” Dalton replied again.  “Now, why don’t you tell us the real story.”
“We told you the real story.  Her shirt got really dirty so she changed it.” Nick explained again.  
“Nick!” Dalton roared “Did something happen that is going to get you strung up from a tall tree and make you my ex-best friend?”
“No.” cried Lindsay.  “We talked.  He apologized for what he said to me in the helicopter the day of his accident.  We had an argument and then we talked more and now we are home.”
“What was the argument about?” asked Dalton again staring forcefully at his best friend
“Dalton” Sarah whispered “that isn’t exactly our business.”
“Today it is my business.” Dalton answered
“No, Dalton it really isn’t your business but I am going to tell you anyway.” Nick said and then turned to Lindsay and reached for her hand “Ready to do this?”
She nodded and took his hand.
All of the family’s mouths dropped.  “At first our argument was about Nick’s comments to me in the helicopter.  He told me to get away and leave him alone.  We argued about whether or not he said it or not.”
“Keep going” urged Gabby when neither Nick or Lindsay continued.  
“Oh well, then I made a comment to Nick and it triggered a memory for him from that day that embarrassed me and then we argued quite a while about it.  Then we talked calmly and here we are.”
“That explanation was pure horse manure.” replied Dalton 
“It was a little lame sweetheart” Nick said as he leaned to kiss her cheek.  “Before you beat me to death, let me explain” he said to Dalton as Dalton reached for him.
Sarah grabbed Dalton and pulled him back to his chair. 
“Lindsay was very wonderful to me in the emergency room of the local clinic.  I didn’t know it until she triggered it today, but she told me I had to wake up because she needed me and loved me.”
“Nick!” everyone shouted for different reasons. But he only answered Lindsay “I am laying it all out on the table.  Trust me?” he asked
Lindsay nodded and he continued the tale “We argued because I was stupid and scared and tried to make a joke out it.  I was scared because I wanted to be true and scared that it was true.  I ended up hurting her again until I got the words to explain it again.  We are going to date and build the friendship we have now into something more.”
Sarah rushed to hug her best friend.  They both ended up in tears.  Sarah whispered to Lindsay “I’m so happy for you.”
“Well, I’m not.” David said
“Me either.” stated Dalton
Lindsay turned on both of them.  “Then say whatever you want to say and then leave us alone.”
“We will talk to Nick outside.” Dalton said rising from his chair
“No, you won’t.” Lindsay said rising from hers  
“Lindsay, I expected this.  It is okay.” Nick said as he stood too.  “We will be right back.”
“Everybody sit down.” Nathan stated fatherly “We are a family and we talk rationally and all together.”
Dalton, David, Lindsay and Nick returned to their seats  
Gabby was the voice of reason “What if this doesn’t work out, both of you live here?”
“We know Mama.  We talked about it.  We also decided to build a relationship together and not look back.  We will make it work.”
Dalton interrupted again “But what about…”
“Look everyone, we know this is unusual and a shock to everyone.  It surprised us too.  We have been arguing for hours about what our problems are… we have known each other for years, we are thought of as brother and sister, I shouldn’t date my best friend’s little sister,  what will happen if we don’t work out.  But we are not brother and sister and apparently haven’t felt that way about each other for some time.  We believe in us so we don’t think there will be the problem of us working out.  We would like your support and understanding but we are doing this with or without it.  Please don’t make it hard on us.”
Dalton and David exchanged a look and nodded at Lindsay but Dalton turned to speak to Nick but Nick beat him to it “I know, screw it up and I’ll hang from the tallest tree.”
“True, but I don’t think you will screw it up.  You are too smart to let go of a great thing.” Dalton said with a smile and a handshake with his best friend.
“Thanks Dalton.” Nick said returning the handshake.
David went to Lindsay and pulled her into his arms for a hug.  “Drive him crazy sweetie, he deserves it.”
“Gee thanks David. I knew I could count on you for support.” Nick said sarcastically
Gabby kissed Nick on the top of the head as she passed by him to hug Lindsay.  Nathan clapped him on the shoulder and winked at Lindsay.  
And Travis leaned over and whispered to him “When’s the wedding?”  Nick glared at him in return.
“Now let’s eat.” David stated.  “I’m starved.”
“Please excuse us for a moment.” Lindsay stated and led Nick from the room to her office.  She walked in and he followed then turned to lock the office door.  When he looked up she had tears in her eyes “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, I am just happy.  You gave that explanation so well.”
Nick pulled her in for a fierce hug “You scared me to death.” 
“I’m sorry.  I am a crier when I am overwhelmed with happiness.”
“Thanks for the warning.” He replied with a quick kiss to her lips
“Dalton took that better than I expected.” Lindsay commented after he kissed her.  “He has always been my protector.”
“And he will eventually learn that is now my pleasure.  He’s got Sarah and she needs him.  And I want to take care of you.”
Lindsay cried some more.  “Hey, don’t cry now.  It is happy time or Dalton really will kill me.” Nick said trying to make her laugh.  
“I’ll be your protector.” Lindsay smiled
He smiled and gave her a gentle kiss.  “We have to get back out there or they will come looking for us.  And whatever you do, do not let them see your wrists.  David shoots first and asks questions later.”
“I won’t.  I’ll keep the sleeves buttoned.”
“I’m sorry about lassoing you.  It was pretty dumb of me.  I lost my cool.”
“I’m sorry too that it got to that point.  I was just embarrassed and scared.”
“I know.  We will talk more later.  Let’s eat.”


The family dinner was loud and boisterous as usual.  Lindsay was quiet as she appreciated her family’s love and support.  
After dinner, Dalton, David, Nick and Travis went to the den to play pool, Gabby and Nathan went home.  Lindsay and Sarah sat on the back patio.
“Lindsay, are you okay? Now that everything with Nick is straightened out.” inquired Sarah
“I’m scared.”
“Scared? Why?”
“It is so new.  I have loved him for years and now he wants to be more than friends.  He doesn’t even remember our date before he was injured.  Nick has never paid attention to me in the past and he ignored me at your wedding, how can I possibly keep his attention.  This probably isn’t going to last either.”
“Years?”
“Yes, since I was about twenty.”
“Wow, you never told me that.” Sarah stated 
“I couldn’t.  Everyone thinks we are brother and sister.  But not me, I just felt sick most of the time.  Especially the last few months.”
“Lindsay, I’m sorry.  I think he is serious.  I don’t think he would have explained everything if it was a brief date that he wanted.  He is a great guy.”
Lindsay nodded and smiled a secret smile.
“I am going to go snag my husband and go home.  Have a good night.” Sarah said with a hug to her best friend “I really am thrilled for you.”
Lindsay decided she needed a little peace and quiet so she wandered down to the barn.  The horses were settling for the night and that gave her peace.  She finished the grooming on Brandy and just stood there staring but not really staring at anything.  All she could think of was Nick.  What a day this has been.
“Came to find some peace and quiet with your friends?” Nick asked softly from the stall door
Lindsay started at his insight into her. “How did you know that?” 
“I have been watching you for months.  You barely ate.  You would be so still and uncomfortable at dinner if you ate with us at all. But then I would see you rush down here for a while.  And afterwards, when you left, you walked a slow and leisurely pace back home.  Having found some peace.”
Lindsay nodded and moved to the stall door.  He backed up to let her by and then closed the door.  He opened his arms and she walked into them.  “Did it work tonight?”
“Yes” she said softly
“Why did you need peace tonight?”
She stepped back from his hug but took his hand to walk outside.  She walked to the pool area and sat down on the lounge chair but left the foot area for Nick to sit on.  
“Lindsay, you are making me very nervous.  What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” She said as she leaned forward to kiss his cheek and he took a deep breath. “I needed peace and quiet to absorb the events of today.  I am a bit overwhelmed with everything.  This is not the kind of day I expected to have when I woke up.”
“And what kind of day was that?”
“Are you sure you want to know that answer?  You may not like it.”
Nick nodded and squeezed her hand
“I expected to spend the day packing to leave.  I would be trying to avoid you and figuring out a way to skip dinner again.”
Nick spoke sincerely “I’m so sorry that it has been like that for you.  Because of what I said in the helicopter?”
“No, not just that.  That was when it really became unbearable to be around you.  But if you want the truth, the miserable feeling started months ago.”
“Months?  How many months?”
“Eight, maybe more.” 
Nick stared incredulously at her. “Did you just say you have been miserable around me for eight months?  You have loved me for eight months?”
Lindsay didn’t respond to his questions.  And Nick grew concerned.  “You are not going to avoid answering are you?  You have been miserable around me for eight months?  You have loved me for eight months?”
“Yes and No” Lindsay answered honestly but without looking at him.
“I’m confused.  The misery started eight months ago but loving me didn’t?  When did that start?” he asked “If loving me didn’t make you miserable, what started that?”
“Being miserable started when I realized I had no chance to make you see me as anything other than a little sister.  I tried to get past it but I didn’t know how.  So each day was a little more painful.  I tried to guard my thoughts and keep my actions as normal as they have ever been but I don’t know if I succeeded.”
“When did you start to love me?”
“Nick, please don’t make me answer that.” She pleaded
“You have to answer that question.  Tell me.” 
Lindsay whispered “eight years”
Nick surged off the chair and paced to the other side of the pool.  He ran his fingers through his hair repeatedly and rubbed the back of his neck in frustration.  What do I do now?  She has loved me for eight years and I had no clue.
Lindsay watched him as the tears poured down her face.  She quietly stood up and walked towards the house.  I knew this was too good to be true.  I guess he doesn’t really want me to love him as he said he did.  Well, at least he knows now.  Moving away sounds like a really good idea.
“Wait.  Please come back and let’s talk about this.” 
“Why?  This was all a mistake…”
He reached for her.  “Please sit with me.” 
Lindsay reluctantly went to sit down on the chair again.  
“I am either really stupid or you are great at hiding things.” Nick commented
Lindsay attempted to leave the chair as she spoke “It doesn’t matter anymore.  I’ve made a mistake in coming home again.  We’ve made a mistake telling our family anything.”  
Nick grabbed her hand to prevent her leaving “No, we haven’t.  We do have things to talk about though.  Now explain why I am just now finding out that you have loved me for eight years.”
“That is my business.”
“Nope.  You and me don’t have private business anymore.  We are “we” now, not separate anymore.  Spill it, no more stalling.”
“I got really good at hiding it.  When I first realized it, I was still in college and I didn’t see you all that often.  But since I didn’t even tell Sarah, I had to hide it from her too.  Then when I graduated and started working here, I was so busy learning the business that I could forget about it for parts of the day until we had a party or something and I would see you dance with some beautiful woman.  Then it would come back hard.  I probably avoided you for a while then.  But I couldn’t say anything, because I would then lose everything.  So I pretended to be a friend or little sister a little while longer until that became impossible.”
“I’m stunned but happy.”
“Happy?  You look anything but happy, Nick.” She said trying to leave but he still held her hand.  
“Come here.” He said as he spread his legs and moved her to sit between them and lie back on him.  “Now, relax for a minute.”
She started to get up saying “This is ridiculous.” But he wouldn’t let her go.  
He wrapped his arms around her tight “I don’t have the rope but I still have the gag, don’t make me use it again.”
Lindsay shut up and laid back on him.
“Finally” he whispered and held her tight.  He kissed the top of her head several times as he thought.  “I love you Lindsay.” He said unexpectedly and she sat up so quickly she clobbered his chin again.  He swore. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry.  I didn’t mean to hit you again.  You caught me off guard.  I’m sorry.”
He eased her back into his arms and kissed the top of her head again.  “It’s okay.  Now, I am going to say it again so don’t clobber me again.  I love you Lindsay.”
“Nick, you don’t…”
He clamped his hand over her mouth.  “I am killing whoever taught you to be this stubborn.  For every discussion we have, you are going to be bound and gagged.”
She mumbled something.
“What?” he asked removing his hand temporarily 
“You, David, Dalton, Colin and Travis taught me to be this stubborn.  I had to be to survive.”
He clamped his hand over her mouth again.  “Probably very true.  Anyway back to the other subject, I am thrilled that you love me because I love you.  I am stunned that you have felt this way for so long.  And I am sorry you hurt because of it too.  That makes me feel like a complete louse.”
She was shaking her head vigorously so he let go of her mouth.
“No, you didn’t know and you didn’t feel the same way.  But things have changed.”
“Yes they have!  But you still were hurt because of me.”
“We can’t go through a lived life without hurt.”
“But eight years?  That is a lot of hurting.”
“I’m stubborn remember, I took it and survived.”
“Thinking back on the last few months, I am not sure you were surviving.  The pictures in my head show me you were dying a little more each day until you cracked and went away for a month.  And you would have made it permanent if you could have.”
Lindsay nodded in agreement.
“I was surprised to see you in Las Vegas. I wanted to talk to you then about changing our relationship.  But I just made it worse didn’t I?  Trying to take you to dinner?”
She nodded again.  “My trouble had just followed me on my escape and I was sick.  I couldn’t eat, I just wanted you gone.  I wanted you to go with your friend Cassie and leave me to die in peace.  Instead I just left.”
“Where did you go by the way?”
“San Francisco.  We have hotels there too.”
“Wow you did run didn’t you?”
“Fast and furious.  And didn’t tell a soul where I was.”
“I feel terrible.  I’m so sorry.”
“I’m sorry too.  After a few days, I felt bad for just running from you in Vegas but I had to survive.”
He kissed her head again and pulled her close.  He held her in the moonlight for several minutes.
“Nick, I am really enjoying this but I am so tired.  I have to go to sleep.”
“All right” he said reluctantly “I’ll walk you in to your room.”
“Nick, I know how to get to my room.”
“So?”
“So, you don’t have to walk me in to my room.”
Nick hung his head “Don’t make this an argument.  I want to walk to your room.”
“Sorry.  I am thrilled that you want to walk me in.”
He reached for her hand and they walked into the house.  All the lights were off except to her suite on the back side of the house he pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  “Go to bed.” He said and walked away.  


Chapter 7

The next morning Lindsay was just finishing putting on her boots when someone knocked on her door.
“Come in” she called
“Hey babe” Nick said as he entered
“Hi!” she said with joy “I didn’t expect it to be you knocking on my door.”
“I couldn’t wait any longer.  I have been waiting in the kitchen but Mama threw me out when I got on her nerves.”
Lindsay laughed.  He leaned down and gave her a good morning kiss.  They left her room and went to the kitchen so she could eat.  
“Are you happy now son?” Gabby asked sarcastically.  “He drove me nuts waiting for you.” She said to Lindsay.  “He was desperate.”
“Mama!” Nick exclaimed in frustration
Lindsay whispered for his ears only “I’m glad.”
As she ate her breakfast while Nick stared at her and his mama laughed at him.  “Staring at her will not help her to eat faster.”
Nick thumped his head down on the table.  Lindsay reached over and patted his head in sympathy.  Then she ran her fingers gently through his hair.  “Do you want to go for a ride with me?” Nick asked a few minutes later.  Lindsay nodded and they left the kitchen.  
Her horse, Brandy, was already saddled and waiting when they reached the barn.  “Pretty confident, were we?” she asked laughing at him
“Hopeful, very hopeful!” he said mounting his horse “Let’s go before someone else laughs at me.”
They left the barn and rode to the creek.  They dismounted and tied their horses to the tree.  It was a little bit cool so they went into the cabin and sat in the living room.  They sat sort of facing each other on the couch and he reached for her hands.  He pushed the sleeves of her shirt back and kissed her scraped up wrists.  “Are you bruised or anything from my roping you yesterday?”
“I was a little sore when I rolled over this morning.”
“I’m sorry.  I lost my…”
She placed a finger over his mouth to stop his words.  “I was a little sore but it doesn’t matter to me.  I lost my temper too.”
“I never realized you had such a temper either.  But my heavens, you are even more beautiful when you are mad.”  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  
Nick lay back on the couch and pulled her over him and teased her lips open with his tongue.  When she opened up to him, he deepened the kiss.  He kissed her for several minutes before he let her go to breathe.  
“Wow Nick, that was wonderful.”
His response was to do it again.  He rubbed his hands up and down her back as he teased her tongue with his.  When he finished, she laid her head down on his chest and spent a few minutes trying to catch her breath.  
“Did you say I was beautiful?” asked Lindsay 
“Yeah, about 10 minutes ago.  Something distracting you sweetheart?” Nick asked innocently
“Just a bit.  Those kisses were  umm fabulous.  I couldn’t think there for a few minutes.”
“Want to do it again?” he asked hopefully this time
“UmHmm” she answered as she lowered her lips to his.  A few minutes later when the kiss stopped, Lindsay got up and paced the floor.  
“Something wrong?” Nick asked uncertainly 
“No! Everything is great, fine, wonderful.  I just had to pace.” She said shaking her hands at her side like she was trying to wake them up when they fell asleep.  “Am I dreaming?”
“No!” he answered.  He motioned her back to the couch with his finger but when she went to sit down he pulled her back onto is lap instead.  He gave her some very long slow kisses which left them both out of breath.  
“I’m really looking forward to our first date.” Nick commented a few hours later as they mounted up and rode home.  Lindsay still didn’t understand why he thought this was their first date but she kept her thoughts to herself.  



Nick was pacing the living room and getting on David’s nerves this time.  “Go knock on her door and stay with her, you are wearing a grove in the floor.”
Nick didn’t wait for a second more.  He rushed back to her room and knocked.  Lindsay was still wearing her robe when she opened the door.  “David told me I had to stay with you because I was driving him nuts.”  He rushed to explain his presence.
She opened the door wider for him to come in.  “You look gorgeous in that suit.”
“Thanks. I am glad you think so.” He said pulling her into his arms and lowering his head to kiss her.  “You smell heavenly.”  She beamed a smile at him so he kissed her again.  
“I have to ask this, how much clothes do you have on under that robe?”
“Honestly?”
He nodded
“Not much.  The dress I am going to wear doesn’t need, oh never mind.” She stammered a little embarrassed. “You’ll see in a minute.”  She pulled away and went to her closet. “I’ll just finish getting dressed in the bathroom.”
“Lindsay” he said stopping her.
“What?”
“When we are married, are you going to change clothes in the closet?”
“We aren’t married.”
“Yet.  But someday we will.”
“Someday when?”
“Someday when we’ve had more time together; when you’ve had more time to believe in me.  I think you are still believing that I’m doing this all as a joke.  I’m definitely not but the disbelief is still in your eyes.”
“I’m sorry.” She said sitting down on the bed with a downcast expression on her face.  “You are right.  I don’t believe in you yet.  I want too but I’m not.  You are saying all the right things, doing the right things but it won’t last.  One of these days you are going to find out that you don’t think of me as anything other than a little sister.  And where will that leave me?  Gone from my home and family.  Heartbroken that I even tried.”
Nick pulled her from the bed to stand in front of him.  He tipped her face up so that she was looking at him “You aren’t telling me anything that I didn’t already know; but I have something to tell you that you need to hear.  You are so very wrong.  I’m not thinking of you as a little sister.  I love you and it isn’t in a brother fashion.  I’ll convince you of that in time.  I love you and you love me.  We will get married one day.  I have no doubts and neither will you.  In the meantime, we have a dinner date.  We are going to have a great time and I’m really anxious to see this dress that doesn’t “need much” underneath it.” Nick kissed her as he finished speaking.  His smile was kind, gentle and loving as he released her.  
“Sit down while I finish getting ready.”  She said as she turned back to the closet.  Her hands were shaking as she removed the robe and hung it up.  
“Oh my heavens!” he exclaimed “Not much was a bit of an understatement sweetheart!” Not much was a black lace garter belt, a g string and black thigh high stockings.
“Shut up Nick. I’m nervous enough.”
“You are also gorgeous!” 
“Shh.  You are not helping.  Just don’t look.”
“Yeah right.” He scoffed at her “It’s all I can do not to touch, not looking is impossible.”
Lindsay laughed nervously and pulled the dress up.  He was there in an instant to do the zipper.  The dress was strapless and form fitting.  Her shoulders were bare and he took advantage of it.  He kissed and suckled her shoulders and neck moving her hair out of his way. 
When he was finished he turned her to look in the mirror with him standing behind her.  He wrapped his arms around her from behind and stared at them in the mirror.  He was speechless.  Her dress came to the top of her breasts except for the shallow vee in between them.  The rest of the dress fit her perfectly.  
He ran his hands up her rib cage and stopped just below her breasts.  She stopped breathing in anticipation.  “Breathe babe, I’m just looking.”
“I was anticipating not being fearful.”
He moved his hands slightly so that his thumbs could caress the outsides of her breasts.  He watched her melt at his touch.  She closed her eyes and relaxed back against him.  “Does that feel good?”
“Yes” she answered shyly
“Well, you haven’t seen or felt anything yet, but not now, I have to resist.” He said as he released her and moved to sit down again.  She moved to her jewelry case and added earrings and a necklace to her outfit.  Then she put her high heels on and finished with her hair and makeup.  “I think I am ready” she said removing her coat from the closet. He moved to take it from her and helped her into it.  He turned her around and said “You are absolutely gorgeous!” and kissed her.



Nick drove them to Dalton’s Fantasy restaurant in his vintage Corvette.  It was his pride and joy.  
They were ushered into the Matthews’ private dining room.  The room was decorated like a night in France.  There were hundreds of little tiny lights in the ceiling and plenty of candles around the room.  There was a single red rose in the vase on the table.  The waitress came and took their orders and left the couple in privacy.
“I like these perks.  Complete privacy with my girl.”
She smiled sweetly at him
“Would you dance with me?” he asked rising from the table
“I would love to.” She said giving him her hand. 
He led them to the dance space and folded her into him.  He snuggled her hand in his up against his chest and placed his other hand at her waist.  She placed her hand on the back of his neck and smiled adoringly at him.  They danced several slow songs together.  After the first song, he released her hand and wrapped both arms around her to rest at her waist and she wrapped both arms around his neck and shoulders and laid her head on his chest.
“This feels so wonderful.  I could do this forever. And you smell so good.” She commented
“I smell good? I am not wearing cologne.”
“It’s you.  Your scent, I know it already.  By-the-way, you aren’t getting that shirt back from yesterday.  It smells like you and its mine now.”
He laughed and asked her what she was going to do with it.
“Sleep in it.” She replied
Nick groaned. “That will make it so much easier to sleep now.  After seeing you nearly naked and now picturing you in my shirt, I may never sleep again.”
She giggled “Sorry.”
His reply was interrupted by the waitress.  They enjoyed their meal and more dancing.  They returned to StageWest and went into the main house’s living room.  He sat in one of the chairs and pulled her onto his lap.  She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and laid her head on him.
“Tired?”
“Happy and tired.”
He kissed her a few times and then they said their good nights.  
Her phone rang again just as she turned off the light 
“Can you see my room from your house?”
“Yes.  I watched until you turned off the light and then I called.  Are you wearing my shirt?”
“Yes! It smells and feels wonderful.”
He groaned silently I am in deep trouble here.
“I love you Lindsay!”
“I love you Nick!”


Chapter 8

Nick was working in the barn one morning after Lindsay and he had gone on a date when Dalton came walking down the aisle, “Hey Nick, want to go for a ride?”
“Sure, are you going to string me up in the woods?” Nick said as he went to saddle his horse.  
Both men finished saddling their horse and they headed out.  They were just out of ear shot when Dalton got to the point of this ride.  “So did you and Lindsay have fun on your 2nd date?”
“We have only had one date.  Dinner the other night.”
“Lindsay told Sarah you all had gone out on a date before you got hurt.”
“No, we didn’t.”
“Yes, you did.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.  Anyway did you have fun?
 “Yes, we did.  But is that what you really wanted to know?” Nick asked
“No.  I am concerned about Lindsay.  What really happened on the helicopter ride when you were injured?” 
Nick groaned as he remembered the hurt he had inflicted on Lindsay.  He repeated what Lindsay had told him.  He admitted to Dalton that he still didn’t remember doing it but he knew Lindsay had told him the honest version of the events.  Nick rubbed his heart unconsciously.  
“I guess she forgave you?”
“Yes”
“Do you know or understand why you said those things to her?”
“I wish I knew.  The night before my accident, Lindsay and I had had a short bizarre conversation in the horse barn, I am wondering if that was part of it.”
“What sort of bizarre conversation?”
“I found her in the barn, so I called out to her, “Hey lil’ sis” and then she just freaked out.”
“What did she do?”
“She yelled at me that she was not my little sister.  So I captured her arm to stop her from leaving the barn.  But she pushed my hand off and ran to the house.  I went to her room to talk to her but she didn’t answer her door when I knocked.  So I left and was going to talk to her the next time I saw her.”
“And then you didn’t see her before you were hurt and then forgot it?”
“Yes, if I had seen her while I was recuperating maybe I would have remembered it.  But she was apparently avoiding me.  Just like she has done since your wedding.”
“What happened at the wedding?”
“We haven’t talked about it so I don’t know.”
“Did you talk with her or dance with her?”
“No”
“How long have you and her felt this way about each other?” Dalton asked
“Me, a few months.”
“And Lindsay?”
“I won’t tell you that.  That is Lindsay’s business.”
“Why didn’t you dance with her at the reception?”
“I didn’t know how she felt about me.  This is an unusual situation.  We have been friends for years and then I started to develop new feelings towards her.  I didn’t see any evidence that she might feel the same way.”
“My sister is very special to me.  I think you all can make this work but I learned with Sarah to talk about everything.  She was trying to protect me and would walk away if she thought that it was best for me.  Lindsay would do the same thing I imagine.  I guess she really already tried that.  David told me she tried to move away and not work here anymore.”
“Yes, she told me.  I was so ashamed of my behavior, even if I didn’t know I did it.” He paused “Damm, how could I have said for her to leave me alone? I love her.”
“Does she know that?”
“Yes, she doesn’t believe it yet.  And at first she didn’t believe me that I was sorry about what I said either.  We had a HUGE fight.  Did you know she was this stubborn?”
Dalton laughed “Yes, and that is probably our fault.  We just teased and tormented her when we were growing up.  She had to keep up.”
“Yeah, she mentioned that too when I told her I was killing whoever made her this stubborn.”
Nick and Dalton rode along in silence for a while.  When they let the horses rest at the creek, Dalton had more to say to his best friend.
“Nick?”
“Yeah”
“This whole thing with you and Lindsay caught me off guard and at first I wasn’t very happy about it.  But now, I think you two need each other.  You complement each other’s strengths and weaknesses.  I hope you will be as happy as I am with Sarah.”
“Thanks Dalton.  I appreciate the support.  If this is happy, I can be like this forever.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought with Sarah.  If this is happy, then when have I ever been happy before.”
“Exactly!!”
“You will take care of my little sister, right?”
“For the rest of my life, if she will let me.” Nick replied solemnly.  
“Welcome to married life my friend.” Dalton said and then began to whisper in case he was been overheard “It is the best thing ever, but don’t tell them that.”
“And have them beat us over the head with it, not a chance.  It is our secret.” Nick pledged.



Nick slammed the door at the main house and headed for Lindsay’s office “Lindsay Diane Matthews!” Nick bellowed throughout the house “I want to talk to you.”  Lindsay came rushing to the door to her office but he was already opening it and coming in.  
“What is wrong?” she asked concerned by the angry look on his face
“How many dates have we had?” 
“How many do you remember?” she asked stalling
“That isn’t an answer to my question.  How many?”
“We went to a movie once and then the other night we went to dinner.”
“When did we go on the movie date?”
Lindsay moved to look out the window not really wanting to remember that date. “A few days before you were hurt” she said quietly.
“I don’t remember that at all.  Did we have a good time?”
“You said you did.” 
“Did you?”
Lindsay shook her head no.  “At the time I was miserable, I thought you just asked me out because you taking pity on me.  When you asked you had sounded bored and you only looked at me after I turned you down.  You were staring off into the night sky.  Also, I asked you why we were going out and you wouldn’t tell me why we were going out.  So I pretended to have a good time.”
“You pretended to have a good time?”
Lindsay nodded.
“Was it that bad?”
“No, I just really wanted an answer to why we were going out.  I thought it was a mercy date.  I had so many feelings for you and to me it seemed like the date wasn’t anything special to you.”
“Why wouldn’t I answer you?”
“You said you just wanted to have fun and you would answer it after our second or third date.”
“Did I ask you out again?”
“Yes, we were going to go to dinner a few nights later.”
“But then I got hurt and the whole mess started.”
“Yes.”
Nick wrapped his arms around Lindsay from behind “Now, do you understand why I wouldn’t answer your question on why we were going out?”
“Yes, you were nervous about what you were feeling about me.”
“That is correct.  I’m sorry I don’t remember our first date.  Maybe someday it will come back to me.”
“Maybe it would be better if it didn’t, then I won’t look so stupid.” She said as she turned around and hugged him back.  “I’m sorry I didn’t enjoy it.  I had too many unanswered questions and a whole bunch of feelings that I was trying to deal with.”
Nick placed a finger under Lindsay’s chin and raised her face to his.  “You don’t have to be sorry.  It was a tough time for you.” Nick lowered his head and touched his lips to hers.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and deepened the kiss.  
As the kiss ended, Nick commented “I hope you enjoyed our second first date much better.”
“Oh, yeah!  Much much better.” She said reaching up to kiss him again.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this movie date?”
“I didn’t think it was important.  I thought you would remember it eventually if you wanted too.”
“You knew I didn’t remember it?”
“Yes, after our talk by the creek you asked me to go on our first date.  Who told you we had had another date?”
“Dalton” he said “Is there anything else we have done that I don’t remember?”
“You promised me breakfast in bed every morning.” She said in mock seriousness
“Yeah right.” He said as he kissed her hungrily “I love you but you are not getting breakfast in bed every morning.  It will interfere with my making love to you.”
Lindsay gasped at him and blushed.
“Gotcha.” He said laughing
Lindsay pushed him down to the couch and climbed over him and began to tickle him.  He captured her hands and brought her down to him.  “Kiss me.” He requested so she spent several wonderful minutes doing just that.  



For the next week Lindsay and Nick spent as much time together as possible.  He still wasn’t working so he hung around her office and helped her out.  Mainly he distracted her with kisses.  After dinner, they went to his house and talked or watched TV.  
He walked her back to her room the night before she was leaving for a ranch management conference in San Francisco.  “I’ll miss you.  Call me when you can.”
“I’ll miss you too.  I will be back in a couple of days.”
“I love you Lindsay!”
“I love you.”
The next morning he picked her up and drove her to the airstrip on the ranch.  He kissed her goodbye and told her he loved her. As he drove home, he was sad I miss her already.


Chapter 9

Nick was doing light duty in the barn when David yelled for him “Nick, get in here now!”
Nick ran for the office. He barely was in the door when David started talking “Go home and pack a bag for a few days. Then get to the airstrip as fast as you can.  Sarah, Dalton and I will meet you there.”
“Why? Where are we going?”
“San Francisco” David said as he crossed to the door.
“What happened to Lindsay?”
“She is hurt and in the hospital.  She was attacked.”
“NO!” Nick exclaimed “How bad is it?”
“I’ll tell you more on the plane.  Go!”
Nick ran for his house as David ran for the main house.  He raced past Gabby and frantically told her the news.  Then he hurriedly packed a suitcase and rushed to the airstrip.
The pilot had the plane fueled and they left as soon as they all arrived.  David started to explain as soon as they were all seated.
“The San Francisco police called me a few minutes ago.  Lindsay was walking through the park and someone grabbed her and beat her up.  They have the guy in custody because a passerby jumped on him while others called for help.”
“Was she raped?” asked Sarah
“No, he was a drug addict and just wanted money.”
Nick asked his question around a large lump in his throat “How bad is she hurt?”
“I’m sorry Nick, the police didn’t know for sure.  He knew she was unconscious, that’s all he knew.”
Nick swore and pounded one fist into his thigh.  Sarah got up and went to him.  She hugged him and then held his hand.  Dalton went over and knelt in front of him.  “Lindsay is a fighter, Nick.  How many times has she fought with us?  The limousine from the hotel will be at the airport and we will go right to see her.”
Nick nodded and tried to keep breathing. I’m coming Lindsay.  Keep fighting. I love you.
The plane landed in San Francisco near dusk.  The travelers rushed off the plane and threw their luggage in the car and took off.  They arrived at the hospital a short time later and went to find Lindsay.  David had called the detective on the case as soon as they landed and he met them outside of Lindsay’s room.  The doctor was also waiting for them.
“My name is Dr. Stephens.  I treated Lindsay in the emergency room and then in surgery.”
“How is she?” asked Nick
“She is stable.  Fair condition.  She hasn’t regained consciousness yet.  She has a concussion, three broken ribs, a collapsed lung and lots of bruises and cuts.  The attacker apparently had a knife and she fought back hard.
“Was she sexually assaulted?” Nick asked next
“No, just beaten up.” The doctor answered
“Can we see her?” asked Nick
“Yes.  Go on in.  Talk to her.”
Nick rushed past the doctor and opened the door.  His Lindsay looked so small and vulnerable with the tubes and machines attached to her.  He walked up to the head of the bed and leaned over and kissed her forehead.  “It is time to wake up.  I need you and I love you.  You are scaring me to death.  Please wake up Lindsay.” 
The rest of the Matthews family came in to see Lindsay.  They had asked the doctor a few more questions before coming in.  Sarah burst into tears when she saw Lindsay and Dalton wrapped her in a hug.  Dalton and David were having trouble controlling their emotions also.  Dalton let go of Sarah for a minute and went to the other side of the bed and kissed Lindsay’s forehead.
All four of them stayed in the room and talked to her but she didn’t wake up.  Several hours later the nurse suggested they take turns staying with her and the rest go get some sleep.  Nick stayed for the first shift and the others went to the hotel.  He was to call them instantly if she woke up.
As soon as they left, he took her hand in his and started talking to her.  “Wake up and fight with me Lindsay.  You are great at fighting with me.  And you know what is so great about fighting?  The making up afterwards.  We haven’t gotten to that part yet, but we will.”
Nick paused and waited then began to talk again “I will give you slow wet kisses and you will drown in the sensations.”
“Promise?” she asked weakly
“Lindsay! Come on baby talk to me.”
“Thirsty”
He put the straw up to her lips and she took a couple of sips of water.  “Better?”
“Kiss me?”
“With pleasure” Nick said as he gently kissed her “I love you.”
She nodded 
“How do you feel?”
“My head hurts and so does everything else.  What happened to me?”
“Apparently you were attacked for money.  You have a concussion, broken ribs, collapsed lung and lots of cuts and bruises.”
She nodded again.  
“Stay awake.  I have to call your brothers and get the nurse in here.”
Nick went to the nurse’s station to tell them she was awake.  Then he went down to the waiting room and called Dalton
“What?” Dalton asked in greeting
“She’s awake.  I imagine she will go right back to sleep when the doctor is through with her.  I’m going back in so I can hear what he says then I will call you again.”
“Go!”
The doctor stopped talking when Nick re-entered and looked to Lindsay for her permission to continue.  “I am probably going to marry him so he can hear what you say.” Lindsay said to convince him
The doctor chuckled “Probably?”
“Definitely!” answered Nick
“See.” smiled Lindsay
“Anyway” the doctor continued “You do have a concussion, but the collapsed lung is probably going to be the reason you have to stay here the longest.  You need the tube and the oxygen to help it heal.  The other injuries will take time and rest.  What do you do?”
“I’m a ranch manager.  We own StageWest in Arizona and Matthews International.”
“Okay then.  And what do you do?” the doctor asked Nick
“Well, usually I am a ranch hand but I am healing from a concussion and other injuries myself.  But for the next while, I’ll be her slave.”
“Good answer.” He replied chuckling again.  “And how did you get injured?”
“I was breaking a horse and it threw me.  Then it stepped on me a couple of times.  Broken leg and arm and concussion.”
“You people don’t have very good luck.” The doctor stated sadly
“I disagree.  In the hospital is when she first told me she loved me.” Nick said looking at his girl “I’d say that was the best luck of all.”
“Okay, you do have good luck.  Now, Lindsay, get some rest.  He can stay with you but you have to sleep.  Call for pain medicine when it hurts and sleep whenever possible.”  The doctor left the room and Nick bent over to kiss her.
“I’m going to call Dalton again, are you up to talking to him?”
“Yes”
He dialed Dalton and put the phone up to her ear
“How is she?” Dalton growled
“She is fine.” Lindsay answered
“Lindsay, how are you?” he asked in relief
“I hurt but I am going to be fine according to the doctor.  Lots of rest but I have to stay here a while.  The lung needs the tube and the oxygen to heal.”
“We are on our way back to the hospital.”
“No, I’m fine.  Nick is here and I promise to sleep.  You guys sleep and come tomorrow.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.  Please get some rest.”
“I love you Lindsay.”
“I know.  I love you all too.”
“Put Nick on.”
“He wants to talk to you.” Lindsay indicated handing the phone to Nick.
“Yeah?”
“Is she really okay?”
“She told you what the doctor said.  She is in good spirits.  But she did promise to sleep.”
“Okay see you in the morning.”
“Bye”
Nick sat down in the chair by the bed and held her hand.  “Go to sleep.”
“No.”
“You promised Lindsay”
“Tell me more about these kisses you mentioned.  Then I’ll go to sleep.”
“When you are better and we are not surrounded by machines, tubes and other people. I’ll show you those kisses.  I promise.” Nick kissed her lovingly “Go to sleep.”
“You might forget.  Show me now.”
“Yeah right.  Forget? I don’t think so, Gorgeous.” He leaned over her and stared at her “Kissing you and making love to you is never something I’ll forget to do.  Now go to sleep.”
“You think about making love to me?”
“I am not answering you.  Go to sleep.”
“Spoilsport.” She murmured as she got drowsy.  
He leaned up and whispered in her ear.  “I think a lot about making love to you.  I love you.”



Nick was sleeping in the chair when Lindsay woke up the next morning.  She studied him for a while.  He was very handsome.  He filled out his jeans very nicely.  He was tall and muscular.  He had deep blue eyes and blonde hair.  She liked to look at him as he rode his horse.  He was very good with the horses.  He understood them and liked to break them.  She worried about him when he did that, but it was who he was.  She wouldn’t change anything about him.  He was very good to her.
Nick woke up and saw Lindsay looking at him.  “Why were you watching me?”
“I was thinking about good-looking you are and about how good you are to me and how you fill out your jeans very nicely.”
Nick burst out laughing and moved closer to her.  “I fill out my jeans nicely?  Do I want to know what that means?”
“Put it this way… I don’t mind walking or riding behind you sometimes.”
“We may have a problem then.”
“Why?”
“Because I like to walk or ride behind you sometimes too.  Who will get their way?”
“Take turns?”
“What if I am selfish and don’t let you have a turn?”
“Well, when you are working at breaking the horses, I can sneak down to watch you.”
“That’s not fair, I can’t sneak in to watch you work and see what I want to see.”
“Well, I guess it depends on if that is the only thing you want to see.  I might have other things you want to see.”
“You do have a couple of other things that I like to see.”
“You have a couple of other things too.”
“Do tell?”
“Nope.”
“Please!” he begged
“Okay, you have gorgeous blue eyes and wonderful muscles.”
He laughed and leaned over to kiss her.  “Good morning, sweetheart.  How do you feel?”
“I hurt everywhere!”
“Did you call the nurse for some medicine?” he asked somewhat sternly
“Not yet.  I got distracted looking at you.”
“I’m not going anywhere, call the nurse and then can look all you want.”
“But the medicine puts me to sleep.” She whined “Then I can’t look at you.”
“I repeat, I am not going anywhere.  And you need your rest.  Lindsay, we are going to be spending weeks in close proximity.  You can look then.”
“But..”
“Call the nurse Miss Stubborn.  And stop arguing with me.  I don’t have my rope and gag.”
“My brothers will kill you if they ever find about that.”
“OK, what is it going to cost me so that they don’t find out?”
“I’ll have to think about that.”
“How about a kiss as payment?”
“One kiss?  That’s all.”
“I’ll kiss you until you don’t want anymore; when you get well, and you will only get well if you sleep.  Call for the medicine.”
She reached for the call button because she really was starting to hurt bad.  Not so he would win the argument.  “I am not letting you win, I just am hurting.”
He leaned over her and gave her a soft kiss.  “I love you Lindsay.  I want you to get well fast.”
“I love you Nick.  I am so glad you are here with me.  I would be scared if you weren’t here.”
“I am not leaving San Francisco without you.  You will probably have to stay at the hotel for a few weeks recuperating and I will gladly stay with you.”
The nurse came in and interrupted before she could reply.  Nick stepped out into the hall while the nurse checked her over, gave her a quick bath and got her settled again. 
When Nick went back in Lindsay was fading fast.  “Either your brothers or I will be here when you wake up, I love you.”



Nick was buying a soda from the vending machine when he heard a young voice.  “Hey mister, are you a real cowboy?”
He turned to find the person who asked him the question and found a boy about six and a girl about the same age sitting in wheelchairs.  “Why do you think I am a cowboy?” Nick asked as he knelt down in front of them.
“Because you got boots and a cool cowboy hat.” responded the boy.  “Are you a real cowboy?”
“Well, I live and work on a ranch so yes that makes me a cowboy.”
“Cool” exclaimed the boy “Can we ride your horse?”
Nick pretended to think about that and asked “Well, I only let friends ride my horse, so what are your names?”
“I’m Scott, she’s Katie” the boy said pointing to the girl
Nick reached out to shake their hands “Nice to meet you Scott and Katie.  My name is Nick.”
“Does your horse have a name?”
“His name is Spade.”
“Can we ride him?  Katie will be your girlfriend if you let us ride.”
Nick pretended to think about that too.  He also caught a glimpse of Sarah, Dalton and David behind the two kids.  They were grinning at him and his new girlfriend.  “My girlfriend?  Katie you want to be my girlfriend?”
She nodded at him.  
“That’s great, I need a cute girlfriend, but I am afraid my horse is in Arizona where I live.”
“Darn” the boy said.  “So that means we can’t ride him.”
Nick shook his head at Scott and Katie.  “Is Katie still my girlfriend?”
“Sure.” Scott said “Will you buy us a soda since we can’t ride your horse?”
“Scott, Katie, no soda.” A nurse said as she approached.  “Sorry guys, but you have to go back to your rooms.”
“But..” Scott started to complain
“Go!” the nurse pointed to where they came from. And they turned in their chairs and started back to their rooms.  The nurse just shook her head and started to move away.
“Who are they and why are they here?” Nick asked 
“They are Scott Jones and Katie Dowd and they have a great friendship.  They have both been here a long time because of their cancers.  Both of them are improving and we hope they can go home soon.  They roam around trying to get people to buy them a soda.  But I think you are the first they have tried to get a ride on a horse from?  Or to offer up Katie as a bribe.”
“Are their parents around?” Nick wondered
“Yes, somewhere.  They spend lots of time here too so they can be with their children.”
“What rooms are they in?” Nick asked thinking of a plan.  The nurse told him and left to go back to her patients.  
Sarah grinned at him as he joined them.  “A new girlfriend already?  You work fast.”
“Hey, what can I say?  She likes cowboys.” Nick said with a smug grin.
“Stepping out on Lindsay already?” Dalton teased
“Lindsay who?” Nick asked
“You are in big trouble when she is up and around.” David said joining in the game.  “She will string you up in the tallest tree.”
“She has to catch me first.” a smug Nick replied walking into Lindsay’s room
They all walked in quietly but Lindsay was already awake.  “Hi” 
Dalton and David went over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and Sarah gripped her hand gently.  “How are you feeling?” she asked
“Sore”
“Has the doctor been by this morning?” Dalton inquired
“No, last night.  The nurse said he should be here anytime.”  And just as she said that there was a knock at the door and the doctor entered.
“Hello.  You are very popular.”
“This is part of my family; my brothers David and Dalton and Dalton’s wife Sarah.” 
“How is she?” Dalton asked the doctor
“Well, if you all will give me a few minutes with her to look her over, I’ll let you know.”
They exited the room and stood around waiting. None of the four were very good at waiting but they were excellent at pacing and taking up space in the hall.  Finally the doctor invited them back in.  “She is doing okay; but she is going to be in the hospital a few more days.  Then she will have to stay put somewhere for a few weeks.  She won’t be able to travel home, the plane trip would be bad for her lungs and a car trip would hurt her ribs.”
“She will stay at the hotel here.  I’ll be staying with her.” Nick stated authoritatively  
The doctor nodded and told Lindsay to rest and he’d see her tomorrow.  She waved goodbye to him.
“Nick, he said I had to stay for a few weeks, don’t you have to get back to work.  I can stay by myself.”
“Nope, I am not cleared from the doctor yet. So I am staying.”
“Lin, you can’t stay by yourself.  Nick isn’t doing me any good at the ranch; let him make himself useful by waiting on you hand and foot.” David pointed at with a meaningful glare to Nick.
“That’s right; consider me your slave until we go home.”
“Thank you.” Lindsay replied softly
“My pleasure” he whispered as he kissed her cheek.  
“Nick” Dalton interrupted “The suite at the hotel is ready for you so go get some sleep.”
“Ok, I’m going.  I’ll be back in a few hours.” He said as he kissed her goodbye.  To everyone else he said “She is stubborn about sleeping so get tough with her.”
After Nick left, the rest of them talked for a while until Lindsay told her brothers that she needed to talk to Sarah for a minute alone.  They weren’t happy about it but they left the room.
“Sarah, will you do me a big favor?”
“I’ll try my best.”
“Can you go shopping for me?  I need all kinds of clothes.  Pajamas, t shirts, shorts, underclothes, everything if I am going to be laid up for a while.”
“Sure honey, Dalton and I will go while you rest.  David will stay with you.  Go to sleep.”
“I’m scared to.” She replied honestly
“Oh sweetie, I’m sorry.  Dreams?” Sarah said comforting Lindsay’s hand in hers
“Yes, I keep seeing it over and over again.  He was so big and strong.  I tried to fight back but he fought harder.”
“Do you want to talk to the chaplain or someone, it might help?”
“No, it will go away probably.”
“If you change your mind, tell David he’ll know what to do.”
“Are they feeling guilty because they weren’t here to protect me?”
“Of course, they have both been playing “if only” all night and all morning.”
“I’m sorry, maybe I shouldn’t have walked in the park.  I thought it was safe.”
“Don’t do that to yourself.  This isn’t your fault.”
“I know.  But it was so scary.  I just got the love of my life and I almost lost it.”
“Nick was extremely worried about you.  The plane couldn’t get here fast enough to suit him.”
“I love him.”
“We can tell.” She said with a wink.  “We will be back after shopping.”



Nick returned to the hospital later in the afternoon.  He had slept some but really wanted to be with Lindsay.  He missed her and was worried about her.  I should have been here to protect her.
He stopped by the pediatrics’ ward in hopes of visiting Scott and Katie’s parents.  He wanted some information on the kids.  He asked the nurse if their parents were around and was directed to the game room.  He found four adults watching the kids so he approached them.  As he approached Katie and Scott saw him and called to him “Hi Nick.”
“Hi Scott and Katie.  How’s my best girlfriend?”  Nick said as he sat down on a kid chair by the table where they were playing cards.
Katie giggled and smiled at him.  
“What are you all playing?” Nick asked the pair then listened to the explanation of their game.  When they got involved in the game again, he turned to the parents.
“Are you Katie and Scott’s parents?”
Four people nodded.
“Can I speak to you for a moment in the hall?” 
Nick and the parents joined him in the hall.
“My name is Nick Cates.  I met your wonderful children earlier today.”
The parents introduced themselves as Randy and Deena Jones and Samantha and Bart Dowd
“Your children approached me and asked me if I was a real cowboy?” Nick stated with a big smile.  
All four parents laughed and Randy Jones, Scott’s father spoke up.  “To a six year old boy, being a cowboy is the best thing going.  And if you have a cool cowboy hat, then you are a real cowboy.”
“Well, at the time, I did have a cool cowboy hat on so that makes me a real cowboy.  We had a conversation and Katie was offered up as my new girlfriend if I let them ride my horse.  I live in Arizona so they can’t ride my horse; but if I arrange someone to give them a ride on a horse, are they well enough to take the ride?”
“They are being discharged next week so it is a possibility.” replied Katie’s mother Samantha.  “We could check with their doctors.”
“Well, I will be in San Francisco for several weeks.  My real girlfriend was attacked and will be here healing for a while.  For clarification, I really am a “real” cowboy.  I am an assistant to the best horse breeder in the country.  I live and work on a ranch in Arizona called StageWest.  We have contacts all over the country and some good friends that live not too far from here where I can arrange for the kids to ride.”
“That would be wonderful.  And so special for them.” Scott’s mother, Deena commented “How can we get in contact with you?”
Nick gave them his phone numbers and told them Lindsay’s room number.  
“I would like to visit them while they are still here; would that be okay with you?” Nick asked
“They would like that.” Scott’s father replied
“I need to get back to my Lindsay but I’ll just say goodbye and see you all another time.”
Nick went and said goodbye to Scott and Katie and said he would see them later.  
Lindsay’s brothers and Sarah were in her room when he arrived; he went right to Lindsay and kissed her in greeting.  “How are you?”
“I feel pretty rough.” She replied
“What’s wrong?” Nick asked worriedly
“She is running a fever and has been sick.” Dalton replied
“What did the doctor say?” 
“That it is normal for an infection to develop.  That’s why she is in the hospital so they can watch for those things.” David answered Nick
Nick took her hand in his and kissed it.  “I’m sorry.”  
She nodded
“Have you slept?” he asked
“Some” was her reply and “No” was everyone else’s.
Nick started to scold her but Sarah grabbed his hand to stop him.  Then she motioned for Dalton and David to leave with her.  They all said goodbye and that they would see her tomorrow.  As she was leaving she told Lindsay to talk to Nick.
After they left, Nick looked at Lindsay and asked what that was all about.
“She stopped you because she figured you were going to scold me for not sleeping.”
“I was.” He replied
“I can’t sleep Nick.  Every time I close my eyes, I see the attack and I get scared again.”
Immediately contrite he comforted “Oh, sweetheart.  I didn’t think about that.  I’m sorry.  Do you want to talk about it?”
“No”
“It might help.” He said trying to encourage her.  He took her hand in his and kissed it.  
Lindsay closed her eyes as she remembered that day “I was walking through the park between sessions of the conference.  I thought I was paying attention to my surroundings like they teach women.  But as I walked along, I was admiring the landscape and it was a pretty nice day.  I remember the feel of him grabbing me and throwing me down to the ground.  I tried to fight back but he seemed so big.  He had a knife and I got cut a few times and he also punched me several times in the face.  He kicked me in the ribs also.  I don’t remember anything after that.”
Nick was barely controlling his rage, he kissed her hand gently because she was so sore but he wanted to wrap her in a big hug.  “I can’t hug you because it will hurt you, but I’d give anything to be able to crawl in this bed with you and comfort you with a hug.”
“I wish you could too.  I think I could sleep better with you beside me.”
“As soon as we are able, I will sleep with you and hold you as long as you need.”
“Promise?”
“With all my heart.” He said with a kiss “I’m sorry I wasn’t here to protect you.”
“My brothers are playing that game too.  It was not our fault, it was broad daylight.  I never expected an attack in a public park.”
“Thankfully there were some good citizens there who stopped him and captured him until the police could come.”
“Do you know who they are?  I’d like to thank them.”
“I’ll ask David if he can get the information from the police.”
“Nick, thank you for being here with me.  It is so much less scary with you here.”
He sat gingerly on the bed so he could look directly at her so that she could see how serious he was. “I love you Lindsay Matthews.  I am so glad we decided to be more than friends so that I can be here for you.  If we hadn’t talked things through before now and started dating, I’d be at home going crazy.” He placed her hand gently over his heart.  “This belongs to you now and I want to be wherever you are.  In sickness and in health.”
“That sounds like the marriage vows.”
“It might as well be.  I want to be with you forever as your husband.”
“Are you proposing?” she asked very surprised
“Not officially.  But unofficially yes.  Ever since I saw you as more than a friend, I have wanted to be your husband.  Did I realize it right away? No.  But looking back, my heart knew it right away.”
“Then I accept your unofficial proposal.  I have loved you a long time.  My heart has been yours for eight years Nick.”
“That still surprises me and thrills me.  I could have been making love to you for eight years if I hadn’t been so clueless.”
She laughed. “Maybe we can make up the time lost?”
“Playing catch-up sex?  Yeah, that works for me.  We will be dead, but who cares.” 
She laughed and then groaned at the pain.  
“I’m sorry honey.  I won’t make you laugh again.”
She nodded
“Lindsay, I do have one small problem with being your husband.”
“And what would that be?”
“You will have to share me with my new girlfriend, Katie.”
“Excuse me?” she questioned with a raised eyebrow.
Nick had a teasing grin on his face as he answered.  “She is a beauty.  She likes real cowboys that have horses.”
“Well, I don’t share well with others.  I like my own cowboy and his horse.”
“Sorry, it’s a done deal.  If I give them a ride on my horse, Katie is my girlfriend.”
“Them?”
“Scott and Katie”
“Who is Scott? Her other boyfriend?”
“Nope, I’m her only boyfriend.  I think, I better check on that.  I don’t like to share.”
“Me either.  So you better tell this Katie to come see me and we will see who wins you.”
“I told you, Katie wins me since I let her ride my horse.”
“I don’t think so.  My boyfriend, my rules.”
“Well, she might be a little young for me but she is really pretty.”
“And how young is she?”
“About six.”
“Six? As in six years old?”
Nick nodded and smiled
“Start talking mister.”
“This morning I was getting a soda out of the vending machine when this little voice asked if I was a real cowboy.  I turned around and there were these two little kids in wheelchairs.  They thought I was a real cowboy because I had a cool cowboy hat.  So they asked if they could ride my horse and Katie would be my girlfriend if I said yes.”
“But your horse is not here?”
“No, I told them they couldn’t ride my horse.  So then they asked for a soda in exchange.  The nurse came along then and shooed them back to pediatrics.  But it got me to thinking, so before I came to see you tonight I went and talked to their parents.  If their doctors okay it, I am going to arrange for them to go to the Turner’s ranch and ride with their families.”
“Why are they here?”
“Cancer.  Their parents said their treatments were over and they hoped to go home next week.”
“Cancer? At six years old?” Lindsay asked with tears rolling down her face  “That’s not fair.”
“No, it isn’t.  Hopefully you will get to see them, they are adorable.”
“Will you ask the nurses if they can come see me?”
“Yes, if you promise to try to sleep.  I’ll be right here and if you get scared tell me and I’ll talk to you.”
“I promise.  I love you so much.”
“Even if I have another girlfriend and you have to share?”
“Well, we haven’t talked about it, but if we have kids someday… our little girl will wrap you around her little finger in a heartbeat.”
“Probably.  I like little girls who are as beautiful as their mama.” He said as he leaned over to kiss her.  “Try to sleep.”
Lindsay nodded and closed her eyes.  Nick held her hand and watched her.  A little while later, she began to be restless in her sleep so he gently stroked her hand and talked softly to her. “I’m here babe and nothing is going to happen to you.  We are going to have a great life together.” He moved one hand to stroke her leg as it moved restlessly.  “I am going to love making love to you.  When we are ready, I am going to give you a baby girl who will be as beautiful as you are.  I can’t wait to see you be pregnant with my child.  You will be even more beautiful.  I love you Lindsay Matthews but I will love it even more when you are Lindsay Cates.  I will be able to make love to you and you will be able to make love to me whenever we want to.  It’s okay babe, I’m here and you are safe.” 
Lindsay relaxed a little and slept a little more peacefully for a while.  Then the restlessness started again, so he talked to her some more.  “I’m here Lindsay, I am protecting you.  You are safe.” He paused before continuing “Are you ready to be my wife, my love?  I have loved you for many months.  I would watch you around the ranch and wish we were more than friends.  That day you brought my lunch to me when I was homebound; I so much wanted to talk to you.  You looked so scared right then.  You were on the verge of breaking, weren’t you?  Knowing you have been so unhappy around me for some many months breaks my heart.  I wish I could change it.  I will make it up to you.” He stopped talking as she grew quiet and peaceful again.  



Lindsay was beginning to be restless again.  “I’m here, sweetheart.  You are safe.” Nick said gently rubbing her hand and leg.  “I’m not going to let anyone hurt you.  Let’s think about something else.  Do you know what I want?  I want to go to the cabin with you where we can relax.  You can sit between my legs and lie back on me.  I can wrap my arms around you and kiss you.  We can talk about how many kids we want to have.  I am thinking two.  What about you?  How many kids do you want?”
“Two sounds like a good number.” Lindsay responded sleepily “What time is it?”
“It’s early morning.  You are supposed to be sleeping, babe.”
“I was.  But I am starting to hurt again.” She said as she pushed the button for the nurse
“Did you have more bad dreams?” he asked
“Yes, but then I would hear you or feel you near and I could push them away.  You are so good to me.”
“I want to take care of you and protect you for the rest of our lives.” 
She reached for him and pulled him closer to her.  She cupped her hands around his face and urged him forward for a kiss.  “I miss kissing you the way I want too.  My face and ribs hurt too much.”
He winked at her and answered in agreement.  “When we move to the hotel, we will find inventive ways to be close and do lots of kissing.”
The nurse came in and gave Lindsay some pain medicine.  The couple talked until the medicine took effect.  Lindsay became restless again over and over, but Nick’s calming words would soothe her again and again.  
Later that morning, Dalton, David, Sarah and Nick were in the room when there was a knock on the door.  When Nick opened it he saw Katie, Scott and their parents.  He invited them all in.  “Lindsay, this is my new girlfriend Katie.” Nick said as he knelt next to her wheelchair.  
“Hi Katie, you sure have a handsome cowboy for a boyfriend.” Lindsay stated.  Katie smiled.
“He said he was a real cowboy so I said Katie would be his girlfriend if he let us ride his horse.” Scott informed Lindsay  
Nick introduced everyone.  
Scott was in awe of David and Dalton being cowboys also.  “Can we ride your horse?  Nick said his was in Arizona.”
David knelt down to him “My horse is there too.  That is where we live.”
“We live here.” Scott reported sadly “We can’t go to Arizona.”
Nick motioned the parents outside while David entertained the kids with stories about the ranch.
Scott’s father started as soon as they were out the door.  “We have talked to their doctors and they should be well enough in a couple of weeks to take a ride on a horse.  They won’t have much energy though.”
“Great!  Let me see what I can arrange and then I will let you know.” Nick replied with joy.  Nick went back in the room but the parents dragged their kids away.  
“Well, can they take the horseback ride?” asked Lindsay assuming that is why Nick took them into the hall
“Yes!”
“What horseback ride?” David asked
“I am going to call the Turner’s and see if I can take them out to their ranch and take them on a horseback ride.”
Sarah exclaimed “That’s a fabulous idea.  You are so sweet.”
Nick almost blushed at her comment but he just nodded instead.
“Yeah Nick, you are so sweet.” Dalton mocked but David’s comment was “The phone isn’t going to dial itself.”
Nick stepped out into the hall to call the Turner’s.  He asked for Larry when the phone was answered.
“Larry Turner”
“Hi, it is Nick Cates”
“Hey, Nick.  How are you?”
“Pretty good.  I have a huge favor to ask you?”
“Ok.”
“Do you have a horse out there that would be okay for me to take a couple of little kids on for their first horseback ride?”
“Yes, but why not at StageWest?”
“We are in San Francisco for a while and the kids live here.”
“Why are you in San Francisco?”
“Lindsay Matthews was here at a conference and as she was walking through the parked she was attacked pretty badly.  She is in the hospital here.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.  Who are the kids?”
“They are some children who I met in the hall.  They are finished with their cancer treatments and will get to go home soon.  They asked me if I was a real cowboy and if they could ride my horse.  And I would get a new girlfriend in the process.  The kid’s names are Scott and Katie.”
Larry laughed along with Nick “Bring them on out.  We have some great horses.”
Nick moved to find the kid’s parents and the arrangements were made for a couple of weeks from now.  After saying hi to Katie and Scott, Nick returned to Lindsay’s room.  “It is all arranged.” He smiled.  “We are going to have a great time.”
“Tell Larry thanks from us when you go.” David said
Nick nodded that he would.

Chapter 10

Although she improved each day, Lindsay had to stay in the hospital for several more days.  Nick, Sarah, David and Dalton took turns staying with her.  Nick would go get Scott and Katie to come visit her and she adored them as much as they adored her.  They would play cards together since Nick would lift them to sit on the bed with her.  She is going to make a wonderful mother.
Finally, the day came when the kids were released from the hospital.  They came to say goodbye to the Matthews and Nick got to tell them their surprise.  “You, me and your parents are going to go the ranch of a friend of mine and I am going to take you on one of his horses.”
“Cool.  Then I can be a real cowboy too.  And Katie gets to be your girlfriend.”
“Cool.” Nick replied with a smile at both of them.  He told them what day they were going and that he would see them then.  Nick lifted them to hug Lindsay and saw them back to their parents.  He told them he would keep in touch with them in case plans had to be changed.  He shook Scott’s hand like a man and gave Katie a hug and went back to Lindsay’s room.
“I’m so happy for them to get to go home.” Lindsay commented when he returned.  
“Me too.” Nick agreed
“They helped to pass the time while we were here though and I am glad you are helping them out.”
“They are great kids.  I hope they really are well.  To have had cancer at age six is not fair.  Maybe the rest of their life will be happier.”
Everyone agreed.  The next day it was Lindsay’s turn to leave the hospital.  The limousine drove them back to the hotel.  Nick and Lindsay would stay in one suite while the others stayed one more night in the other private suite of Dalton’s.  They would be heading home tomorrow.  Dalton arranged for a dinner in Lindsay’s suite so they could visit and she could rest.  
Lindsay tired easily so the dinner didn’t last long.  Everyone would gather for breakfast fairly early.  Sarah helped Lindsay get ready for bed and then went back to her suite.  
Nick came into Lindsay’s room and sat next to her on the bed.  “I am so glad you are getting well and could leave that hospital.”
Lindsay nodded her agreement.  “I was getting really tired of being there.  I want a comfortable bed and privacy with just you and me.”
Nick leaned over to kiss her.  “I am going to go shower and go to bed myself.  I am going to leave both doors open so I should hear you if you need me.  Just in case, your phone is right here along with your medicine and something to drink.  I’ll be back in a few minutes to say good night.”
Lindsay blew him a kiss as he left the room.  He showered and returned to her room.  She was watching some TV but was getting pretty sleepy.  “Good night Nick.  I love you.”
He leaned down to kiss her “I love you.  If you need me, I’ll be right down the hall.”  She nodded and closed her eyes to sleep.  
Nick hadn’t been asleep very long when he heard her screaming in the other room.  He ran to her, the bed was in shambles with her thrashing.  He tried to gently calm her down and gathered her in his arms.  “Lindsay, you are safe.  I’m right here with you.  Shh” He kept repeating until she stopped fighting him.  
She had tears running down her face as she woke up and realized what had happened.  “I’m sorry.  I was trying to fight him off.”
“Shh, it’s ok.  I am here and you are safe.”
“Will you stay with me?” she asked hesitantly
“Get comfortable again and I’ll cuddle around you so I don’t hurt you.”
Lindsay got into a comfortable position and Nick gravitated into a place where she could feel his presence.  “I’ll take care of you babe.  Go back to sleep.”
“Will you talk to me for a while?” she asked
“What do you want me to talk about?”
“You, your dreams.” 
“You are my dream.  For the last few months, I have dreamed about you.” He kissed her softly 
“Tell me about one of them.” 
“I remember the first one I had right after I started to feel “less brotherly” toward you.  You were taking care of Brandy and I was watching.  You were about finished and you just stopped and smiled at me.  It was a beautiful loving smile.  You seemed so content.  Maybe that’s why it stuck in my head.  That dream was about you being content when, although it hadn’t registered yet, in real life you weren’t content.  You were very unhappy.”
“I was.  I tried to hide it and act normally.  But it got really hard to do that sometimes.”
“I’d go back and make things better if I could.  But all I can do is make things better going forward.”
“You already have.  Look at where we are right now.  I am cuddled up with you in bed.  Just a few weeks ago that wasn’t even a possibility; I was still trying to figure out what to do when I moved from StageWest.”
“You really were going to leave?”
“Yes, when I left for the conference here, I wasn’t coming back.  I was going to tell David after I was gone so he wouldn’t make a scene and want a reason why.  I couldn’t give him the real reason.”
“Why would you be that nice to me?  Why not make me leave?”
“I loved you and I wanted you to be happy.  You can’t leave StageWest, David needs your help.  I am just an office person, I am easily replaced.”
“You are not “just” an office person.  You are his sister; it is your family home.”
“It is your home too.  You grew up there just like I did and I know you have stock in the ranch and the companies.  Why are we arguing about this, it is past history?”
“It is, but I still don’t know why you would do that for me?”
“I know you love what you do and why would I want you to give that up?  It is who you are and I love that person.  How would you have felt if one day David said to get off the ranch and you had no idea why?  Your parents would have had no idea why?  I couldn’t tell David that I loved you or how I felt about what you said to me in the helicopter.  Truthfully, I wanted to leave before your accident, but then I really had no good reason to give David and Dalton.  I actually resigned but David wouldn’t accept it.”
“I don’t deserve to be treated this wonderful by you.  I was about to chase you from your home.”
“You didn’t do any such thing.  You didn’t know how I felt.  The time after Dalton’s wedding was when I started making plans to leave.”
“I’m glad you brought that up.  We need to talk about that.  What happened at Dalton’s wedding that made it so bad?”
Lindsay paused for several minutes.  She shook her head to indicate that she wouldn’t tell him.
“Tell me please, I haven’t ever understood why you avoided me after that.” He pleaded
She let the tears gather in her eyes and fall down her cheeks.  She started to tell him but her voice could barely be heard. “You looked right through me as though I was invisible.  You didn’t talk to me or ask me to dance or even notice I was there even as a longtime friend.  I tried to talk to you at one point, but I couldn’t hold your attention.  So I decided if I couldn’t keep your attention even as a friend or “little sister” then how would I ever keep your attention in a relationship and also you hadn’t noticed me in that beautiful dress, when would you ever notice me in my everyday clothes.  So I started making plans.  I had checked out some jobs and places to live in other states.”
“You were going to move that far away?” he asked astounded
She nodded.
“David and Dalton would have killed me if they ever knew that.”
“They wouldn’t have ever known.  I was trying to find a different reason.”
“And disappear like Sarah did?”
“Not exactly, I would have kept in touch with my brothers.  I would have come home when it wasn’t avoidable any longer.  Or I would have had them come to where I was.”
“And me?”
“I wasn’t going to come to StageWest ever again if you were there.  I’d made that promise to you even though you didn’t know it.”
“And I would have wondered the rest of my life what I had done wrong.” 
“No, you wouldn’t have.  You would have just gone on with your life and forgot about Dalton’s little sister.”
“We were friends.” He said astounded that she could have left him
“Were we?”
“Yes we were!”
“You would have missed me?” she asked equally astounded
“Of course.  I love you.”
“Yes, now. But not then.”
“Let me explain something to you.  I was an idiot at Dalton’s wedding.  I did notice you in that beautiful dress but I was so scared.  I hadn’t figured out what to do about you yet so I kept myself distracted from you.” Nick said then added softly “Way too well apparently.  I am so sorry.”
“I’m sorry.  I had no idea you would have missed me.  But I would have left.  I was at my breaking point.”
“I know.  Dalton should string me up in a tall tree, I am an idiot.”
“Not now!” she exclaimed “We have it all worked out now.”
“But I am still mad at myself, I ran you away from your home first with my behavior at the wedding and then with my words in the helicopter.  And you still have forgiven me?”
“Of course, I love you and I want to be with you for the rest of our lives.  I have loved you a long time and that will never change.”
“You are my everything, Lindsay Matthews.  I will love you for the rest of our lives.” He said as he gently kissed her.  “and when your ribs heal a little more…I will show you a portion of how I feel.”
“I can already feel that love, sweetheart.  You have given me so much of you in a short time period.  My heart has never felt like this.”
“Good.” He replied around the lump in his throat. “I love you.” He couldn’t help but repeat over again.
“I know.  I am glad you are here with me.  Take care of me while I sleep.”
“I’ll be right here to hold you as I have dreamed.”
“I’ll ask about that dream tomorrow.”
He chuckled and kissed her good night.



Nick was dressed and reading a magazine the next morning when there was a knock on the door to the suite.  He opened the door to find the room service staff, David, Dalton and Sarah.
“Morning” he said quietly
“How is Lindsay?” asked Sarah
“Still sleeping.  She had a rough night.”
“Why?” asked David and Dalton simultaneously 
“Bad dreams again.”
“Damm” replied David 
“Shh.  She needs sleep.” Sarah said “Nick, are you sure you can handle this?  I can stay here and help you or we can hire a nurse.”
“We will be fine Sarah, but thank you for offering.  She isn’t going to need constant nursing just some tender loving care.”
“Then you are the perfect person to handle that job.” Sarah said as she winked at him.
They all came in and sat around the table.  They were eating breakfast when Lindsay started making noise in the bedroom.  Nick went running into see her.
Lindsay was thrashing the bed again.  He gathered as close as he could and talked to her.  This time though she woke up completely.  “Not again.” She said weeping
“It is normal Lindsay.  You have had a traumatic experience.  It will get better soon.  Are you ready to eat something?  Your family is here.”
“Yes, can you help me up and to get dressed?”
“Just put on the robe for now.  After they leave then we will see if you need to get dressed.”
Lindsay and Nick walked very slowly to the kitchen.  Lindsay’s ribs were still healing as were her cuts and bruises.  
“Morning everyone” Lindsay said as they entered the kitchen.  There were questions on how she was feeling and she answered as she slowly sat down and Nick got her some breakfast.
“Real food.  Umm.” She commented after her first bite.
“Are you all ready to go home?” Lindsay asked a few minutes later.
“No, we think we should stay here and help Nick.” replied Sarah
“I told you, we will be fine.  We are going to rest and do physical therapy.  The doctor faxed over some instructions to the gym and the spa.” Nick said to Sarah’s statement.
“But, I still think I should stay.”
Lindsay laid her hand on Sarah’s arm. “We will be fine.  I don’t think it is going to be that long.”
“I can come back if you change your mind, either of you.” Sarah said with a pointed look at both.
They were just about to make another comment when Dalton’s cell phone rang.  He looked at the display laughed and handed the phone to Lindsay.  “I doubt she really wants to talk to me.  I imagine she is more interested in her girl.”
“Hi Gabby” Lindsay said with love and affection
“How are you?  Do I need to come and take care of you?  I can be there in a few hours.”
“I am fine.  Nick is here to take care of me and the others are coming home today.  They need you.”
“Let me talk to Nick.” 
Lindsay handed the phone to Nick “She wants to talk to you.”
“Oh, lord, here it comes.” He whispered after covering the phone.  “Hi Mama, how are you?” Nick said to try to calm her down.
“She needs me but says I am needed here so I will stay here for now.  She needs lots of special attention.  Give her nutritious meals; give her back rubs as long as it doesn’t hurt her.  Warm baths help with aching muscles.  Make sure she walks, it will help her lungs.  I still think I should come there.  I can pack real fast.”
“Mama,” Nick broke in on her “I can handle this.  We have specific instructions from the doctor which I promise I will follow to the letter.  I will take care of your girl and bring her home soon.”
“But she needs me and I have to take care of her.” Gabby repeated again
“Mama, I love her and it is my job to take care of her now.” Nick replied hoping it would calm her down.  He looked at Lindsay and winked at her smile.
“Oh that is so sweet.” cooed Gabby “but I can still come if you change your mind.”
“I know and I love you Mama.”
“Let me talk to David.”
Nick covered the phone and handed it to David “Look out, it is your turn now.”
David grimaced and took the phone “Hey Gabby”
“I need to come there David.” Gabby started to say
“Gabby, she is fine and will be home in a couple of weeks.  Nick can handle it and if not, we will fly you over here.”
“But, I…”
“I promise.  Here is Lindsay again.”  
“Mama,” Lindsay said as the phone was handed back.  “I love you for wanting to come here, and I will call if I change my mind.  Just stay there and fix all my favorite foods for when I get home.”
“I will.  I love you my sweet girl.”
“I love you too, I will call you tomorrow.” Lindsay said and hung up the phone.  They all burst out laughing after a couple of seconds.  Lindsay groaned and stopped sooner than the rest of them.  “She is wonderful to us.” Lindsay commented with a smile.  And they all nodded and went back to eating.
David, Dalton and Sarah were all packed and ready to go.  “Call every day.” David demanded as he hugged her gently “And if necessary we can be back within a few hours.”
“David, I love you but I am fine.  I love all of you for being here with me during this.  I will be home shortly.”
Dalton hugged her gently and so did Sarah.  Nick walked them to the elevator as they waited.  “Call immediately if she gets worse.” David told Nick
“I will, she is getting better and she will be home soon.  I love her more than anything; I will take care of her.” Nick promised with a hand to his heart.
Sarah hugged him and Dalton shook his hand and said goodbye as the elevator arrived.
Nick walked back to the suite and found Lindsay walking towards her room.  “Our family is something else” he said as he caught up to her.  “Loving and threatening at the same time.”
“Who threatened you?” gasped Lindsay
“Your brothers.”
“What did they say?”
“It was more the glare in their eyes instead of words.  But I got the message.  Take of their little sister or else.”
“I’m sorry.  They are protective of me.”
“I know, but what they haven’t figured out yet is that I want take care of you to the best of my ability for the rest of my life.  You are my life and seeing you hurt has been harder on me than on them.  They love you like siblings but I love you as a man loves his woman.”
Lindsay reached out slowly and hugged him.  “That makes me feel so loved.”
“I do love you!”
“I love you.” Lindsay returned
“Now, since I have been warned and threaten to take care of you, that is what I am going to do.  Now lie down and get comfortable, I am going to give you a rub down to help with the soreness.”
“Yeah” she said as she lay down on the bed.  She was wearing a shorts pajama set so he could work on her legs.  They hadn’t been too injured but the inactivity was starting to get to her.  
“Comfortable?” he asked and she nodded “tell me if this starts to hurt at any time.”  Lindsay nodded again.
Nick took her feet in his hands and started to massage them.  Her eyes closed in pleasure at his touch.  “Finally” she said in a whisper
“What’s finally?”
“I said that out loud?” she said 
“Yes, now tell.”
Lindsay blushed a little “Well, umm we are finally alone with no interruptions and you are touching me.”
“Yes, and?”
“I missed your personal touch.  It gives me great pleasure.”
“Oh really?” Nick smiled “tell me more about that.” He said continuing her foot massage.  
She blushed more “well, I like, no love, how you touch me. That’s all.”
“Sweetheart, you ain’t seen nothing yet.” He said and she blushed even more. He laid her foot back down on the bed and got on his hands and knees to crawl over her but not touching.  He looked lovingly in her eyes “You can’t handle it now, but when you are well I will touch you and you will think you have reached heaven on earth.”
“But I want that now.” She said in anticipation
“Some now, more later.  Much more later.” He said with a quick kiss.  “Your body would kill you if I gave you all the pleasure now.  It isn’t so sweet and gentle and that is what you need.  Trust me.”
“Always.” She replied and he moved gently back to her feet and started the massage again.  He started to talk as he moved from her feet to her lower legs.  “You have beautiful legs, my Lindsay.  They are long, slender and strong.” He switched from massaging to caressing to kissing her legs at a slow leisurely pace.  He kept an eye on her for signs of pain but didn’t see any.  “When we are married and we are making love, you will wrap these gorgeous legs around me as I become part of you.  You will want me to be so close to you to ease the ache.” 
“Yes” she gasped as he continued his massage up to her thighs.  She had loose fitting shorts on so he was able to massage under the shorts to her hips.  He drew his fingers down the inside of her thighs but not quite touching her center.  She moaned and sunk into the bed in pleasure.  
“Gently babe.  No sudden movements you might hurt.”
“I feel wonderful.  Your hands feel wonderful on me.”
“I am glad you liked it, how do your legs feel?”
“Alive and energized.”
“Is that better than before?” he asked teasing her
“Oh yes! Much better.” She answered in pure pleasure.
“Now, where else needs a rub down that won’t hurt you?”
“I don’t think there is anywhere else yet.  My arms are still bruised and my ribs couldn’t take it.”
“Ok, then how about some medicine and a nap?” Nick asked as he handed her the medicine and a drink
“Will you sleep with me?”
“I will lay down with you.  Get in a comfortable position” He said as he lay down next to her.  “Sleep my beautiful girl.  I’ll be here to hold you.”
She fell asleep but didn’t stay calm so he started to talk to her.  “Think about taking a horseback ride with me.  We ran ride Spade doubled up.  You can sit in front of me and I will wrap you up in my arms.  I will feel you against all of me.”  Lindsay calmed down and continued to sleep.  That didn’t take as long, I hope that is a good sign.  
Lindsay took a long nap and felt much more rested.  “I think I finally got some good sleep.” She said “I felt you with me and it helped.”
“I thought it might.  I didn’t have to talk to you as long until you calmed down again.”  Nick replied “I don’t mind talking to you but you need good sleep.”
“I think I just need you to make me feel better.” She said as she snuggled a little closer to him.
Nick kissed the top of her head and gently hugged her.  “Are you going to sleep some more?”
“No, I am not sleepy.” She replied
“Okay, what do you want to do?”
“Be with you. And later can I take a shower?”
“Sure.” He said as he kissed her.  “We need to call the gym and get your appointments scheduled.”
“Hand me the phone.”
Nick handed her the phone and she called the gym and talked to the physical therapist.  Her first appointment was tomorrow morning.
“Let’s get up and walk a little babe.”  Nick said as she finished the arrangements.  “Your legs need it and so do your lungs.  This floor is empty so we can walk around a little.”
She got up gingerly and started towards the door.  He walked beside her and talked to her.  She was moving pretty good and he could tell her nap had helped her.  “I feel better already.” She said “I might just get through this.”
“As long as it doesn’t hurt, the more you move around the better. Your muscle tone will come back and your lungs will strengthen.”
“You know a lot about this, why?”
“I studied anatomy in school, it interested me.  And I talked to your doctor extensively.  I also researched on the internet about collapsed lungs and the treatments.”
“Wow, I am in good hands.” She said with a wink 
“The best!” he said as he hugged her and gave her a long kiss.  “I missed that.” He commented as he released her. 
“Me too” she sighed against his chest.
They went back into the suite and Lindsay asked for a shower.  “All I can feel and smell is hospital, I want to feel clean and fresh.”
“Ok, tell me how to help you.” Nick agreed
“I am going to try it alone, but stay close.” Lindsay stated
“Lindsay, I don’t think…”
She placed her fingers over his mouth.  “I said try, I will call if I need you.”  He nodded in reluctant agreement.  She moved to the bathroom and started to shower.  He stood by the door and waited impatiently.  “I’m fine so far, Nick.”
“How did you know I was waiting anxiously?”
“Just a lucky guess.”
He opened the door and went in.  “Do you need help washing your hair?”
“No, I am doing it one handed.  Will you get me some clothes to wear and lay them in here?”
“Be right back.” Nick went and got some comfortable clothes for her to wear for the evening.  “Here you go.  I’ll be right outside.”
“Ah, I am going to need your help.  I didn’t think about how to dry off.  I can’t bend over.”
She had the towel already wrapped around her so he took another towel and wrapped her hair up.  He moved behind her and took the towel from her.  He gently dried her back “You are so beautiful.” Then he moved to her legs and dried them.  As he moved around the front of her, he got his first look at his love.  “Merciful heavens, you are stunning.”
“You are supposed to be drying not staring.”
“I can do both.” He said as dried her front.  He kept her eyes locked with his as he finished.  Nick moved to hang up the towel and then went back to his Lindsay.  He lovingly caressed her with his eyes and then gently wrapped both arms around her and drew her close.  
“Are you okay?” she asked after a moment
“Yes, just appreciating how lucky I am.  You will someday be my wife and I will love you forever.”
She beamed at him and he took her mouth in a deep kiss while trying to hold her cautiously.  
“Will you help me comb my hair and put on some lotion?” 
“Grab the brush and let’s go into the bedroom so you can be more comfortable.”
They moved so she could sit down in the chair.  He stood behind her and brushed her hair.  Then he went and retrieved the lotion from the dresser.  
He poured some lotion in his hands and sat down on the footstool in front of her.  He picked up her leg and placed it on his.  “You have such wonderful legs.  I love to touch them.”  He gently moved back and forth in a caress as he rubbed the lotion on. “I want to feel them wrapped up with mine.  I want to start at your toes and kiss you all over.” He bent and moved her legs so that he could demonstrate what he was describing.  
He moved up to her thighs with the lotion but stopped the verbal description; he was trying to be careful not to jar her.  As he finished with the lotion, he helped her to get dressed.  
They moved to the living room and Nick sat on the couch and pulled Lindsay between his legs.  “Does this hurt?”
“No, I’m fine.”
“You are more than fine, sweetheart.  You are breathtaking.” Lindsay smiled shyly as he kissed the top of her head and wrapped his arms around her neck since her ribs were too sore.  “mmmm, I like that feeling.” She said
“What?”
“The feeling of your arms around me, I love it.”
They picked a movie to watch and just enjoyed each other’s presence.  She would doze and get restless until he soothed her.  They called for their dinner and then they worked on her computer for a while.  She was feeling comfortable so she wanted to work.


Chapter 11

Lindsay had been out of the hospital for a week.  She was getting stronger everyday with the physical therapy and the walking.  Nick had been sleeping with her so her sleep had gotten better.  One morning she had awoke to find Nick had been replaced by a big stuffed bear dressed as a cowboy.  She had cried at his thoughtfulness.  “He is adorable.” She said thanking him with a sweet kiss. 
“He will keep you safe if I don’t happen to be here.”
“Where are you going?”
“Nowhere.  But the trip to the Turner’s is in a couple of days.  You will be alone that day.”
“Can’t I go?  I want to go, please.”
“Call the doctor and ask.  It might be very uncomfortable for you to ride in a car.”
“Please let me try.  I can lay down in the limo if it hurts.”
“Ok, but call the doctor first.”
The doctor cleared her to make the trip but advised her to take the pain medicine first and a pillow to cushion her ribs.  
Lindsay and Nick had arranged for limousines to pick up Scott’s family and Katie’s family and drive them to the Turner’s ranch.  Nick and Lindsay met them there.  Nick rushed to greet them as they arrived.  He picked up Katie and gave her a big hug.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him back.  Lindsay was crying by the time he set her down.  He is going to be a wonderful father.  
Nick moved to greet Scott with a hug and a “high five.”  After greeting the kids he introduced everyone and they all moved to the barn.  Nick took each child by the hand and walked them through the barn looking at each horse and letting them talk to each one.
“How are you feeling, Lindsay?” Deena, Scott’s mom asked as the guys and the kids were wandering around.
“I’m getting better.  I will get to go home in about a week.”
“I bet you are getting anxious.”
“Some.  Nick has been wonderful at taking care of me and we are learning so much about the other in a concentrated time.”
“How long have you known him?” Samantha Katie’s mom asked
“Well, that is a complicated story.”
“We have a while and we love a good story.” Katie’s mom replied taking Lindsay’s arm to help her.
“Nick’s family has lived on our ranch since I was a baby.  He is about four years older than me.  So I grew up around him.  He is my brother Dalton’s best friend and I tagged along after him and my brothers and his brothers.  We lived at the same place for so long our families just paired us as brother and sister.  But that isn’t what I felt.”
“Good Lord, no.  He is too gorgeous to be a brother.” Scott’s mom exclaimed
“I would agree with that.” Lindsay said with a big smile “About two months ago, Nick was injured while he was breaking a horse.  In the helicopter on the way to the hospital he said some things that upset me and I tried to leave home and did for about a month.  When I got back we had a huge fight and then discovered our feelings for each other and now here we are.  That was only the week before I was attacked.”
“Wow, that is a love story.”
Lindsay smiled and agreed.  The kids, Nick and their fathers came back to the ladies.  “Lindsay, Nick is ready to take us for a ride come on.” Scott said as he grabbed her hand.  
“Ok, let’s go.” She moved with him and walked along with Nick.  
“Katie is going to go first with him since she is his girlfriend.” Scott proclaimed as they reached the corral.  Nick moved to mount the horse and then Larry picked up Katie and sat her in front of Nick.
“Ready?” Nick asked Katie
“Yes.”  
“I’ll hold onto you and the reins.  You hold onto this pommel.” He said patting the part of the saddle.  He directed the horse into a slow walk and they moved away from the crowd.  The families were taking pictures and enjoying seeing their kids so happy after such a long battle with cancer.
Lindsay was crying, Katie’s mom was crying and so was Scott’s “This is so wonderful.  I am so thankful to him for this.  They have been through so much and now to be riding a horse with him.  I was so scared for months that they wouldn’t get well and now look at them.”  Scott’s dad wrapped her in a hug.  
Nick kept up a running conversation with his new girlfriend as they rode around the corral.  She was excited and talked more than he had ever heard.  Katie relaxed against him and trusted him to keep her safe.  One time as they passed Lindsay, Nick winked at her and she mouthed “I love you” to him.  
Scott called out that it was his turn so Nick returned to them and Larry lifted Katie down.  Then he picked up Scott and his turn started.  Scott kept trying to get Nick to go faster but Nick just kept them at a walk.  
Nick returned to their spectators and Larry lifted Scott down.  Then as Nick dismounted, two of Larry’s ranch hands opened the corral and brought in two small ponies.  Larry picked up Scott and placed him on one while Nick picked up Katie and placed her on the other.  The kids were directed how to hold the reins and where to put their feet in the saddle.  Nick and Larry put a rope on to the bits of the horses and led them around the corral.  
Again, Scott tried to get Larry to go faster but wasn’t successful.  “Ah, man.  I want to run.”
“Sorry, buddy” Nick answered “Not today.”
After a few minutes, the ponies were led back to the parents and the kids dismounted.  Everyone moved back outside the corral and Scott rushed to his dad.  “Did you see us?  That was so cool.” He said and then rushed back to Nick and Katie.  “Can we look more at the horses?” 
“Take your moms and show them your favorite horses and the babies and I will catch up to you.” Nick said 
“Ok, come on mom.” Scott said grabbing his mother’s hand.  The kids and their parents left to walk to the horses.
“How are you feeling, Lindsay?” Nick asked
“Good.”  She hugged him as best she could “You are you wonderful with them.  You are going to make a great father.”
“You will be a fabulous mother.  They adore you.”
“And you.” She emphasized
They walked slowly to catch up the Jones and the Dowd’s.  Larry and his hands were letting the kids feed the horses and they were having a ball.  The kids were shown how to brush the horses and how to take care of them.
“Lindsay, I like this one best don’t you?” asked Scott as he showed her his favorite.  
“He is a great horse.” Lindsay replied
“Look at my favorite, Lindsay.” exclaimed Katie
“She is beautiful too.” Lindsay replied to Katie
The kid’s energy level was starting to wane and Scott’s mom gave Nick the pre-arranged signal.  “Ok, Scott and Katie, we are going to let the horses rest now and go rest some ourselves.  I’m tired and hungry.”
Larry led the whole group up to the area in back of his house.  The families were introduced to each other and the kids were settled in some chairs while the adults talked.  Larry’s family had fixed a scrumptious barbeque and everyone ate until they couldn’t move.  Nick sat in a huge chair with Katie and Scott after they had eaten.  He got them to talk quietly and then finally got them to rest.  
“He is fabulous with them.  He is a keeper.” Katie’s mom whispered to Lindsay.
“I plan to keep him.  He is going to be a great father.”
“Absolutely.  He barely knows these kids and look how he takes care of them.  He adores them and they adore him.”
“He hopes to keep in touch with them when we go home if you all agree.”
“That would be wonderful.  He has our phone numbers and we will exchange email addresses so they can write each other.”
Nick let the kids sleep for about an hour as was prearranged by the parents also.  Then he took them back to the barn and rode again with each of them.  As he finished with each, Larry handed him a huge sack.  “Scott and Katie you are now an official cowboy and cowgirl.” Nick said as he pulled out cowboy hats and boots that he had purchased for them.
Scott exchanged another “high five” with Nick and Katie hugged him.  “We look like you now.” She said putting her hat on.  “See”
The parents took more pictures of their kids dressed up and standing next to Nick then it was time to head home.  
“Nick, you have made this so special for us.” Scott’s mom said as she hugged him.  “We can’t thank you enough for this.”
“It was my pleasure.” Nick responded “They are wonderful kids.  I had as much fun as they did.”  He knelt down and was mobbed by Katie and Scott.  “Bye Nick.”
“Bye guys.  I will talk to you soon.”
As the limousine drove away, Nick turned to Larry.  “I can’t thank you enough for this.”
“It was our pleasure.  They are great kids.  Tell their parents to call us when the kids are stronger and they can come again anytime.”
“I will.  They will be so excited.” 
Lindsay extended her hand to Larry.  “If you ever need anything, call us.  This outing was very special for us.”  
“I hope you get well fast Lindsay.  I am glad you got to come.”
“Me too.  It was amazing to watch.” She said as she got into their limousine.  Nick shook Larry’s hand and said his thanks again and joined her.
As they drove away, Lindsay was capturing Nick’s hand in hers.  “I love you. You are the most special man I have ever known.” She kissed his hand “And when we get to the hotel I am going to give you a real kiss but right now, I can’t lean that far.”
“I had a great time.  They are such great kids.”
“And you were great with them.  You planned it perfectly and let them rest also.  Their mother’s said you were a keeper.”
“A keeper?”
“Yep, I told them I was keeping you.” 
Nick laughed “Then I am keeping you too.”
“I love being kept.”
“Me too.” He said as he kissed her cheek.  “How are you feeling?  Was this too much for you?”
“I am tired but I wouldn’t have missed it for anything.  I had a great time watching you with them.”
“And I had a great time watching you.  You are stunning.”
“Bruises and all?”
“What bruises?  I see my Lindsay.”
“You are a charmer.” She smiled shyly
“I am telling the truth.  Now lie down and rest.”
“Yes, sir” she saluted
“Brat” he said back at her
They had been back at the hotel about an hour when Lindsay’s cell phone rang.  The display showed that Sarah was calling.
“Hi Sarah”
“Did they have fun?”
“It was so wonderful.  Nick was so good with them.  They barely left his side.”
“He is a keeper.”
“And I plan to do just that.” Lindsay replied winking at Nick
“How are you feeling?”
“Tired but getting stronger.”
“Good, we hope to see you soon.  We miss you all.”
“Us too.”
The girls talked for a few more minutes then said their goodbyes.  Lindsay said she needed a shower so Nick followed after her.  She was getting better at moving around but she still couldn’t bend over.  Nick didn’t seem to mind helping her.
Nick was finishing helping her “I will miss this when you can do it by yourself.” He said as he hung up the towel.  “I get to see all of this gorgeous body and look to my heart’s delight.  But then, I will have to be satisfied with less.”
“Won’t you be tired of taking care of me and ready to get back to work?”
“No way.  Working versus seeing you naked, no contest.” He teased her as he helped her into bed.  “Naked wins every time!” he kissed her and then went to take his own shower.  “I’ll be right back.”



A few days before Nick and Lindsay were going to fly back to Arizona; Nick called and invited the Dowd’s and the Jones’ to come to the hotel for dinner.  “We want to see you all again before we leave.”
Lindsay was getting dressed with Nick’s help when they arrived.  “Hi Katie, how’s my best girl?” Nick said as he hugged her.  “Hey dude, how are you cowboy? He said with a “high five” to Scott.  Both kids were dressed in their boots and cowboy hats.  Nick directed everyone across the hall to the private dining room.  Lindsay arrived a few minutes later and was gently surrounded by the kids.  “We missed you guys.” She said with a hug for each of them.  
“We missed you too.” They said back to her
“Lindsay, this is quite a hotel.  How did you get a special suite, limo rides and this private dining room?”  Deena asked
“Well” Lindsay stammered and blushed “my family owns the hotel so I can pretty much get what I want around here.”
“You own this hotel?” Deena asked astonished.  “Wow, I am impressed.  It is a lovely hotel.”
“Thanks.  My brother Dalton is responsible for our hotels and restaurants.  His motto is “He loves to live like a king so everyone should too.”  He makes sure his guest staff follows that principle or they don’t work for him.”
“What a great philosophy?” Scott’s mother commented absently.
The guest staff arrived with their meals and they all had a great time.  “How did the kids handled all the excitement?  They didn’t have any setbacks did they?” Nick asked
“No, they are fine.” Katie’s dad answered.  “Katie has been talking about her Nick and wearing her outfit all day every day.”
“Scott too.” His dad answered.  “He called his grandpa and grandma as soon as we got home the other day.  It was “Nick did and Nick said” the whole conversation.  When I got on the phone, my mother was crying she was so happy to hear a healthy little boy.”
Lindsay had tears running down her face as he finished his story.  “Lindsay, don’t do that, we will all cry if someone starts.” scolded Katie’s mother.  “It is a rule, no one cries alone in our presence.  And I am just too happy to cry.” 
Lindsay laughed and dried her tears.  “I am so glad for you all.  Can I ask how long they have been battling with cancer?”
“Three years for Scott.” His mother replied solemnly “This is the second time through treatment.  But he is healthier this time as he finished.”
“Two years for Katie.  But like Scott, she is healthier this time than last.”
“You are the most amazing parents I have ever met.  You have dealt with so much in their short lives.  I admire you all greatly.  They are so lucky to have you.”
“Thank you.  But we are the lucky ones, they are terrific kids.  And they are the lucky ones to have picked Nick up.”
“That was a great day for me too.” He replied around the lump in his throat.  “I have never been bribed for a ride on a horse before.” And everyone laughed.  
“Tell us more about your family, Lindsay.” Scott’s dad asked
“Well, you met pretty much everyone.  David is a champion horse breeder and Nick is his assistant.  My brother Dalton is the head of Matthews International and my sister-in-law Sarah is the president of the HQ Service Foundation.”
“What is that?” he asked again
“Several years ago before she was my sister-in-law, she got sick.  She has a chronic illness that affects her balance basically.  Her body collects too much fluid in her inner ear and it can throw her into a spinning sensation or make her lose her balance.  So as a result, she was inspired to start this foundation to service others in the country with a chronic illness.  They help others find the right services to meet their needs.  It is multi-functional and very successful.”
“That is a wonderful idea.  She is special.”
“Yes, she is.” Lindsay agreed and Nick nodded too
“And your family, Nick?”
“My father is the head wrangler at her ranch, my mother is the general in charge of everyone, my brother Travis is a computer/electronics genius and works at Matthews International and my other brother Colin is a veterinarian.”
“Underachievers I see?” Scott’s father commented sarcastically.  
“Yep, every last one of us.” Nick responded just as sarcastic.  And everyone laughed again.  “If you met my Mama, you would understand.  She is the most special person and she drives you to be your best in all things.”
“What a legacy she has” Katie’s mom said “Every mom wants to be known like that by her kids.”
“His mother is wonderful.  After our parents died and probably before, she just treated us all as her kids.  I have had two of the best mothers ever.” Lindsay said as she clasped Nick’s hand.
The four adults continued to talk as the kids played or watched the TV Nick had had the staff bring up.  He would play with them for a while and then go back to the grown- ups.  Soon they both climbed on his lap and fell asleep against him.  Lindsay smiled at him.  “I think you have some friends for life.”
“I hope so.” He whispered.
“We better get them home.” the parents commented.  Each dad came and gently picked up their child.  The mother’s hugged Nick and Lindsay and said their goodbyes.  “Have a safe trip home.” They said as Nick and Lindsay walked them to the elevator.  “Thank you for everything.”
“It was our pleasure.” Lindsay said with tears in her eyes.  “We will call you often.”
“Please do.  Email works too.”
“Send us the pictures from their ride.”
The elevator arrived and they all climbed on board and left.  Nick and Lindsay walked back to their room and got ready for bed.
“I’m so sorry you got hurt here, but I am not sorry to have met those families and those adorable kids.”
“Me either.  You are so wonderful with them.”
“They captured my heart with the first request to ride my horse.”
“You are a pushover for anyone who wants to ride your horse.  You think he is the greatest thing going.”
“Do you want to ride my horse?” Nick asked “I might let you, but I get to ride at the same time.”
“Someday I will take you up on that.” She said as they snuggled in bed and went to sleep.  “I love you.”
“I love you my Lindsay”


The day arrived for Lindsay and Nick to go back to Arizona.  The doctor had checked her over thoroughly and said her lungs had healed.  Her ribs were better but not completely mended.  “No riding for a least a while yet.  Even when the pain goes away, at least another month; you’ll thank me for making you wait.”
“Yes, sir.  She will wait.  I promise we have followed your instructions to the letter so far and look how good she is doing.”
“You did take good care of her.” The doctor said shaking their hands goodbye.  “If you still have questions, just call me.”
“Thank you for making me better.” Lindsay said as they left.  
Nick had them all packed and was bringing the suitcases to the door when there was a knock on the door.  Lindsay opened and heard Dalton say “Did someone call for a plane to Arizona?”
“Dalton! What are you doing here?” Lindsay exclaimed as she moved to hug him.  He returned her hug gently “I wanted to fly with you, so I came to get you and the big bum Nick.” He said shaking Nick’s hand.  “Are you ready to go home?”
“Yes, we are” Lindsay replied and Nick nodded.  “I want to see my mama and eat her cooking.”
“Well, you won’t have long to wait.  She sent some food on the plane in case you were hungry.  Of course, no one is ever this hungry.  The plane had to take on extra fuel just to accommodate the weight.” Dalton said in exasperation.  “She has been cooking for days.  Everything you could think of as your favorite food is waiting for you.”
“Let’s go, I’m starved already.” Nick said grabbing Lindsay’s hand as the bell staff retrieved their luggage.  Lindsay laughed and followed her man.
Gabby was pacing the kitchen when David came in to shower and change.  “Why aren’t they here yet?  Is the plane having trouble?”
“Relax, Dalton just called and they are less than thirty minutes out.  Everyone is fine.” He said teasing her “She will be here shortly for you to spoil.” 
“It’s about time.  I should have been with her all this time helping her.  She needed me.”
David took hold of her shoulders to stop her pacing.  “We have discussed this every day since Lindsay was injured.  Nick was taking good care of her and if they needed help they would have called.  You taught him well and he did a fine job so I am told.  You can take care of her now that she is home.”
“Yes, but..”
“I am not discussing this anymore.  I am going to shower.  Just watch for Nathan to be bringing them shortly, I promise.” He said walking away.  
Sarah came in the door a few minutes later, “they just landed and they will be here in a minute.  Nathan is bringing Lindsay while Nick and Dalton get the luggage and Dalton’s car.”
Just as she finished speaking the front door opened and Lindsay came in, “I’m home.” She called.  Gabby and Sarah rushed to greet her.  Gabby cried “I missed you.  Are you okay?”
Lindsay cried too “I missed you too and yes I am doing much better.  Nick took wonderful care of me.”
“He better have.” Gabby replied sternly
“I did Mama.  You taught me how remember.” Nick said as he came through the door to hug his mama.  “I missed you, what is there to eat?”
“Always thinking of food aren’t you Nick?” David said as he came down the stairs.  “Hey lil’ sis.  You look much better.” He said as he hugged her
“I feel much better.  The ribs are still sore.” She replied as she moved to the kitchen to sit down.  Sarah sat down beside her after getting her something to drink.  “I can’t ride for a least a month.  I miss that.” She said sadly
“Get another vehicle like I have, it is a good substitute.” Sarah commented about her four wheel vehicle
“It’s already in the barn.” David replied.  “I knew you wouldn’t be able to ride for a while and would still want to get out and do stuff around the ranch.”
“Thanks David.”
Sarah leaned over and whispered “We can have a race.”
“NO!” yelled Dalton, David, Nick, Gabby and Nathan
“Yes.” Lindsay replied “You are on.”
“No.” Nick said pining her to the chair “I spent lots of time getting you this far.  You are not racing!”
“But..” she stammered
“NO. Miss Stubborn.  Humor me for once! Please!” Nick said with a quick kiss to her lips
“For now, I guess.  But when I am better, you are on.” She said to Sarah with a big grin
“Name the day, girlfriend.”
“Oh Lord!, David what have you done?” Dalton and Nick replied at the same time.  
“What are you blaming me for?  I didn’t do anything.  She is the culprit” he said pointing to Sarah  
Everyone laughed and sat down to eat dinner as one big family.  Lindsay tired easily and decided to call it a night.  Nick walked her to her room.  
“So, are you going to be okay without me with you?” he asked
“No but yes.  I want you to stay but you probably shouldn’t.”
“I will if you don’t think you will sleep.”
“How have I been sleeping?”
“Better, I only have to talk to you sometimes.”
“Will you stay with me tonight and we can talk about it more tomorrow?”
“Yes, I am going to go tell them goodnight and I’ll be back to help you shower.”
“Hurry.  I’m going to start the shower while you are gone.”
Nick went back to tell his mama good night and that he was sleeping in Lindsay’s room because she was still having nightmares.  “I love you mama!” he said as he kissed her good night
“I love you son.  You took good care of my girl.”
“She is my girl now Mama.  You can trust me to take care of her.”
“I know.” She said 
Lindsay was finishing her shower when Nick returned.  He helped her dry off and get into bed then he went to take his own shower.  He turned out the light and got into bed with her.  “I am glad we are home but we lost our privacy.” He said as he kissed her.  “Will you run away with me for the weekend really soon?”
“Yes!” 


Chapter 11

Lindsay got better every day.  Nick was cleared to go back to work so they couldn’t spend as much time together during the day.  Nick would come see her when he could and they would read their emails from Katie and Scott.  
“I miss them.” He said one day when they had been home about three weeks.  
“Me too.”
“Do you feel up to a ride to the cabin?  David doesn’t need me this later this afternoon.”
“Sounds wonderful.  I’ll pack us a picnic dinner.”
“I’ll be back about three.”
“Can’t wait.”
He kissed her as he left.  Lindsay went to the kitchen to tell Gabby they wouldn’t be there for dinner and started to fix the picnic.  
Nick returned for her after work.  He had showered and changed and was ready to relax with his girl.  Her ribs were almost healed and they had some catching up to do.  
They were fairly quiet as they rode to the cabin.  He unloaded the basket and took her by the hand into the cabin.  He placed the basket on the table and picked her up and carried her to the bedroom.
“Nick, what are you doing?” she asked 
“I have missed sleeping with you and other things.  I want to be with you.  Don’t panic.”
“I’m not, I missed you too.  All these weeks I have been injured, I couldn’t hug you tightly or put my arms around you.  Now, I can do that much better.” She demonstrated.  “See, much much better.”
Nick laid down on the bed and pulled her on top of him.  “If it hurts, stop me.” And he encircled her and pulled her lips to his.  He teased her lips open and deepened the kiss.  She moaned and he jerked back.  “Sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“No, that wasn’t a moan in pain.  That moan was in pleasure, great pleasure.” She said as she lowered her head back to his and went right back to kissing him.  They kissed until they broke apart to breathe.  “I missed that so much.” Lindsay said 
Nick gently rolled her over and he then lay on top.  He lowered his head and stole her breath away with his kiss.  After several minutes, he rolled away and lay down beside her.  “That may hold me for a few minutes before I need another sampling.”  He lifted her head and arranged her hair on the pillow.  “This hair is like spun gold.  I love it long and beautiful like this.” He leaned over and kissed her hungrily.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer.
When they broke apart a few minutes later, Nick asked Lindsay a question he had wanted to ask for weeks.  “Will you go into the hot tub with me?”
“Now?  I didn’t bring my suit.”
“So, I have seen all of you already.  And I have a suit here that I can wear to keep us safe.”
“Okay.”
“Trust me.  I want to hold you in my arms and teach you some about loving each other.  Will you do it?”
She nodded and he smiled.  “Will you let me undress you?” 
“Yes” she answered breathlessly
I’m going to go start the water and change into my suit, don’t move.
When he returned, Nick moved to the end of the bed and removed her shoes.  Thankfully they weren’t her boots.  She couldn’t get them on yet.  He helped her to stand beside the bed as he stood in front of her.  
As he held her eyes with his, he reached for the buttons on her shirt and slowly unbuttoned each one.  “I have wanted to do this for weeks.  I tried to keep it a little impersonal while you were healing but now it is definitely personal.” He eased the shirt off her shoulders and down her arms.  “You have wonderful taste in underclothes babe”
“Thanks, I do like to shop for them.  I probably shouldn’t tell you this, but I shopped with you in mind.  I would hope that someday you would want to see them.”
“I do want to see them.  I want to see all of them, but when we are married, don’t expect them to stay on all that long.” He said as he reached undo the front clasp of her bra.  He pulled the sides apart and enjoyed the view he was uncovering.  
He reached for the waistband of her jeans and undid the button and lowered the zipper.  He pushed the jeans past her hips then he gently seated her on the bed and knelt down to remove the pants.  He ran his hands up the outsides of her legs in a glorious caress.  He stood in front of her and bent her backwards onto the bed as he kissed her.  “Lift your hips sweetheart” he said as he reached for her panties.  Finally she was gloriously unwrapped for him.  
He picked her up and carried her to the tub.  He set her down and climbed in.  He reached to help her in and settled her between his legs.  She sat a little stiff and away from him. 
“It’s okay sweetheart, just relax against me.  I have been holding you for weeks; that is all this is.”
“This is new to me.  I am a little nervous.”
“I know.  Just settle back and enjoy the water.”
She sat back and tried to relax.  He began to knead her shoulders and kiss her hair.  “You feel fabulous lying here in my arms.” He said quietly hoping to relax her.  “I loved taking care of you.  But this is wonderful too.  I can touch you and hold you as I have dreamed.”
“Tell me” she whispered 
“I dreamed about this moment.  You were lying in my arms in the hot tub.  I was kissing your neck.” He said as he moved her hair to kiss her and lick her skin.  She moved her head aside to give him better access.  “And I moved my hands up to the sides of your breasts like this.” Nick moved his hands to caress the sides of her breasts.  Then he worked his hands under her and around to the insides of her breasts and let his wrists drag across her nipples.  Lindsay arched back against him in pleasure. “Careful of the ribs babe.”
“Who cares about them.  That is the best feeling.”
“This feeling?” he said as he cupped her and caressed his thumbs across her nipples again.  She moaned this time.  “Yes.”
Nick continued his exploring around her breasts “they like that” he commented as he showed her the extended nipples “soon I take you in my mouth and love them with my tongue.”
Her stomach was his next target for the sensual caressing.  He placed his hands gently on her ribs and slid his hands down to her hips and back up to her breasts.  Each time he moved slower and lower on her body.  “When I lay you out on my bed, I am going to kiss and kick every inch of you.  You will move with me because the pleasure is too great to hold in.  I love how you feel in my arms.” Nick moved her head to one side so he could capture her lips but that didn’t satisfy him so he rearranged them so she sat facing him.
She could feel his desire for her pressing against her sex so she moved closer and wrapped her legs around him.  It was his turn to moan in pleasure. “I can feel you Nick, it feels wonderful.”
“Mmmhumm” he agreed.  Nick had started to kiss her shoulders.  He sat her back from him and kissed the top of her breasts.  When she arched closer to him in pleasure, he opened his mouth over her nipples and lavished them with his tongue.  
Lindsay clasped the back of his head to hold him to her.  He moved to get the other breast the same treatment.  Lindsay’s back was bowed so tense “Nick!”
He lifted his mouth from her breasts and moved it to her mouth.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and took his tongue hungrily in her mouth.  They were gasping for breath several minutes later as he hugged her close and her head rested on his shoulder.
“We have been in the hot tub too long.” He said as he sat her aside and moved to exit the tub.  He helped her out and wrapped her in a luxurious towel that swallowed her.  He dried off and then moved to help her.  Then he picked her up and carried her back to the bedroom and laid her down on the bed.  “I’ll be right back”
Nick went to the closet in the other room and pulled out one of his big shirts.  He took it back to her and helped her put it on and then went to get the picnic basket.  
She looked adorable sitting on the bed wearing his shirt.  “I could look at you like that forever.  You look great in my clothes.”
“Can I keep this shirt too?” she said with a loving smile.  
“Only if I get the other one back so I can wear it and remember how you looked in it.”
“You got a deal.  Besides your smell was wearing off and I need it refreshed again.”
Nick burst out laughing and moved to kiss her “anytime you want to smell me on my clothes, just let me know and I’ll rearrange my schedule for you.”
“Promise?” she asked cheekily
He nodded and kissed her again.  They ate their picnic sitting on the bed enjoying each other’s company.  
“Nick, your birthday is coming soon, what do you want for a present?”
“You” 
“Well, okay but what else?”
“How about a trip to Las Vegas for the weekend?” Nick asked
“Sounds wonderful.  I’ll make the arrangements.”
As they finished eating, he re-packed the picnic basket and cleared the bed.  He moved to lie down and pulled her on top of him.  “You feel so good lying on me” he said as he kissed her deeply.  He ran his hands up under her shirt and massaged and caressed her back.  
He eased her up so that she sat on him and leaned back on his knees.  “You are so gorgeous.” He said as he began to unbutton the shirt.  He moved it aside and began to touch her everywhere he could reach.  “I can’t wait until we can both be naked and doing this.  I can look and touch so much of you this way.  When I am inside you like this, I will see us joined and be able to touch your sex until you scream my name and come apart with me.”
Lindsay leaned forward at his urging and he suckled her breasts until she was writhing against him.  “I can feel you Nick, pressing against me.  You feel so wonderful.”
“So do you.” He said as he stopped his assault on her senses.  “but we need to stop before it becomes too dangerous.”  He cuddled her close while both of their bodies returned to normal.  He gently kissed her and rolled her over so he could get up.  
“Unfortunately, we have to get dressed and go home.” He said.  
Nick drove them back to the ranch.  Lindsay was wearing her new shirt as a cover up.  She caressed his neck as he drove.  She wasn’t ready to say good night yet so she took his hand and led him to the lounge chairs by the pool.  She sat down and he sat between her legs this time. 
“Are you ribs healed enough for this, sweetheart?” he asked cautiously moving back
“I’m fine.  It is my turn to have you relax against me.”  She said pulling him closer until he lay against her chest.  “This is fabulous.” She whispered in his ear.  “I love your weight on me.”  She wrapped her arms loosely around his shoulders and enjoyed being able to touch him freely.  
Nick felt her gentle touch and gloried on how it felt.  “Lindsay, you could do this forever.”
“My pleasure, I love the freedom to touch you whenever I want.  I guess it is sort of silly but I have wanted to have that freedom for months.” She said with a quivering voice as she bent her head forward to hide in his shoulder.  “I just wanted to be able to touch you.” 
“Sweetheart, that isn’t silly.  It is wonderful.  Why are you crying?”
She shook her head to indicate she didn’t want to tell him.
“Lindsay, please tell me.” He urged again.
She shook her head again but responded “you will think I am a goofy girl.”
He laughed softly.  “You are my goofy girl then, so tell me.” He waited another moment.  “Come on tell me.”
She leaned back in the chair and began to talk “There are two reasons.  I used to day dream about when I dated someone how nice it would be to hold their hand or wrap my arms around them or lay my head on their shoulders.  I like that comfort.”
“And the second reason?”
“Before we had this relationship, I had to try to sort of separate you into two people.  I had to have Nick my friend so that I could act semi-normal around you and then Nick the man I loved.  I would be hurting from not being with you as the man I loved but I wanted to be able to talk to Nick my friend and have him tell me everything would be okay like you did when I was a kid and I got hurt.” She paused looked to the sky to avoid him then added “I told you it was goofy.” 
Nick sat up and turned to face her but she wouldn’t look at him; so he gently pulled her towards him.  “Goofy girl, I love you!  Those reasons are not goofy.  I find comfort when I touch you and when you touch me.  I also find pleasure and passion.  And the other one, your friend Nick should have kicked the other Nick’s butt and told him to get his head out of the sand and see who you were lots sooner.  He would have been so happy he did.”
Lindsay just cried and gave him a watery kiss.  “Thank you for liking me when I am goofy.”
“You are welcome babe…. Now, goofy girl, I liked those hands on me and I want more.” He turned back around and settled between her legs again.
She kissed his head and went back to running her hands over him in loving caresses.  “Since tomorrow is Saturday, I plan to spend the day lounging by the pool.  How long do you have to work tomorrow?”
“Just for a while in the morning, I’ll be done by lunch time probably.  I just have to work with one of the horses for a little while so he can get used to me.”
“Will you swim with me after that?”
“Sure, do you want to go out to dinner and a movie tomorrow night?”
“I’d love too.”
They settled back and enjoyed each other’s company until it was late and they were both sleepy.  He walked her to her room and kissed her good night and went reluctantly to his house.  



The next morning, Lindsay slept in and then snuck down to watch Nick work.  She stayed back away from him so he wouldn’t see her watching him.  
Nick was talking to the horse he would start to train in a few days.  He spent time with the horses so they could learn who he was and how he would treat them.  He talked calmly to them when they pulled on their ropes to escape him.  Nick would run his hands along their necks as they came close.  “I won’t hurt you.” He crooned to them.  
Lindsay had watched Nick do this for several years, he had a gift with horses.  People from all over brought him troubled horses so he could re-train them to be rideable.  He never mistreated a horse.  
Lindsay walked up closer to him but didn’t speak, she just watched him work.  The horse was very nervous at first but began to calm down as Nick talked to him and stroked him.  
“Hi, sweetheart.” Nick called softly without turning from the horse.
Lindsay startled out of her daze “Are you talking to me or the horse?”
“You, goofy girl.”
“How did you know I was here?”
“My heart senses when you are nearby.  It lets me know.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh yeah.  I knew you were in the barn before you walked up closer.”
“Guess I can’t sneak up on you then” she replied mischievously
“Nope, wouldn’t work.  I’d catch you.” 
“And I would be sad about that why?” she questioned
He laughed and invited her closer “Come meet my friend here.” He said as he walked the horse to the railing where she was.  She climbed up and sat down on the top rail.  
“Tornado, this is my girl Lindsay.  Isn’t she beautiful?” he asked the horse
Lindsay laughed softly and reached to pat the horse.  Nick kept voice level and smooth as he talked “She said she was going to go swim all day but snuck down here to watch me work.  I think that means she likes me.” Nick pulled on the rope so that the horse would look like he nodded in agreement “see Tornado agrees that you like me.” Nick said still working with the horse.  
“Let’s show her how well you walk around with me.  She likes to look at my jeans from behind anyway, let’s make her day.” He said teasing Lindsay but not looking away from the horse he was leading away.
“Thank you!” she whispered loudly as he walked away.  She could hear his soft laughter in return.  Lindsay climbed down and continued to watch Nick.  
Dalton and Sarah approached quietly and watched him too.  There was a long standing rule that when Nick was working with a horse to approach quietly as not to disturb him.  A spooked horse was dangerous.
Sarah leaned over and whispered “He is amazing with horses.  He has a great gift.”
Lindsay nodded “He always has, right Dalton?”
“Yes, even when we were kids.  He would be able to gentle a spooked horse.  He was breaking them long before he probably was old enough too.  But Nathan saw his gift and encouraged it.”
“He gets it from his grandfather” Nathan said as he approached quietly overhearing their conversation.  “My father did this his whole life and he was excellent at it.  He could tame the meanest horse with enough time and attention.  Nick can too.”
They all turned to watch Nick while he finished up for this day.  The horse already appeared to be behaving better.  Nick kept talking to him as he led him back to his stall and gave him food, water and brushed him a moment.  “Good boy” he crooned again and again as he left the stall.
“Hi all” Nick said as he joined the group.  He wrapped his arms around Lindsay from behind and kissed her hair.  
“Nick, that was wonderful to watch.” Sarah said in awe.  “I’m jealous that you have that gift.”
“Thank you Sarah.  I am not used to an audience.”
“We could sell tickets by the thousands if you went public.  It is beautiful to watch.” Sarah returned.  
“Ah, no thanks.  We will keep this a family affair.” 
Nathan slapped him on the back and said “good job” as he walked away.  “Gabby is planning a big barbeque for lunch.  She thought you all planned to spend the day by the pool.”
“That’s where we are headed” responded Dalton
“Us too.” Lindsay answered
Nick asked Lindsay if she wanted to come with him while he changed.  She nodded and they walked to his house while Dalton and Sarah headed to the pool.
Nick barely waited until the door was closed to back her up against the door and kiss her hungrily.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back just as desperate.  “I needed that” he said as he stepped back.  “For some reason, I missed you so much more last night.”
“Why?”
“I’m not sure.  I just did.”
“Call me next time, please.” She urged
“Okay, but at 2 am you might not like me as much.”
“Not a chance.” She said dragging his head back down to hers for another kiss “I’ll talk to you anytime for any reason.”
Nick kissed her quick and went to shower and change.  Lindsay wandered into his room and moved to his closet.  She sought comfort from his smell on his clothes.  
“If you take more of my shirts, the family is going to start too wondered why” he said from the bathroom door where he watched her.
She blushed and hugged the one she had in her hand closer.  “I can’t help it, it reminds me of comfort when I smell you or your clothes.  I feel at home.” She paused then shook her head “I guess guys don’t want to be thought of as comfortable.  They want to be known for their passion.” She said walking away from the bedroom.  “Sorry.”
“Stop right there.” He said as he straighten in the door way.  “Sit down on that bed” 
She stopped but didn’t move towards the bed.  She was embarrassed and didn’t look up.  He walked to her and gently led her to the bed.
“Sweetie, you have nothing to be sorry for.  I feel so many things with you at different times too.  I feel comfort, passion, love, friendship, caring and concern.  It depends on what I need from you at that moment.  That is what it means to complement another person, when they need comfort, you provide comfort.  When they need love, you provide love.  I want to you be comfortable around me, as well as loving, passionate and caring.  Do you understand what I am saying?  I love it that you want to wear my clothes because they smell like me.  I just love to look at you in them.” He said with his killer smile 
She leaned forward and kissed him.  “You say the sweetest things to help me feel better.”
“I want you to feel better.  We get to spend a wonderful day together, I feel fabulous.  Let’s go.”
“I have to go to my room to change, are you going to come with me?”
“Just try to stop me.” He said holding her hand as they left his house.  
Lindsay led him to her rooms and went to get her suit in the dressing room.  “Do you need my help?” Nick called suggestively after her.  “I am good with buttons and stuff.” 
“I believe I can handle the buttons and stuff myself.” She said with a laugh
“Spoilsport.” He cried
“I’ll make it up to you later.” 
“Promise?”
“Yes, I promise.  Do you want to put the sunscreen on for me?” she asked as she exited the dressing room in her bikini
Nick jumped up to run to her to put the lotion on but stopped dead in his tracks at her bikini.  “Oh, dear.  I wasn’t paying attention at all if you have worn swimwear like that in previous years.”
“No, not quite like this.  This was a recent purchase.”
“Oh, thank goodness.  Nick was going to cry and have his eyesight checked if he missed this before.” He said as he moved around to examine all of her.  “My heart is beating me to death.”
“Come on, I need sunscreen.” She said laughing and leading him into the bathroom where the lotion was.  
Nick gladly applied the lotion to her skin.  Then she returned the favor and treated his skin.  They were both a little dazed when they finished.  
She reached for the skirt that went with her suit and they walked out to the pool to join the others.  Sarah winked at Lindsay as they passed by.  Sarah had directed her to the shop where she got her suits that Dalton liked so well.  
Lindsay and Sarah were lying on their chairs later in the afternoon while the guys played basketball in the pool.  
“How did the suit work?” Sarah asked in a whisper
“Very well.” Lindsay answered “Amazingly well.”
“Do tell.”
“Let’s just say he is now wondering what he has missed in previous years in regards to my swim wear.”  
The girls burst out laughing and the men turned to catch their “high five”.  
“Oh lord, we have been had.” growled Nick.
“They have plotted or are plotting something.  I’m guessing the swim wear Lindsay is wearing.” Dalton said “It looks like the suits that Sarah had in Hawaii.  She probably told my reaction to my sister and they plotted against you.”
“We can’t let them together or we are doomed.” Nick grumbled 
“It’s too late.  We can only accept our fate and love them anyway.” Dalton replied hanging his head 
“Oh no, she will pay for this.” Nick replied charging to his girl.  He picked her up and threw her into the pool and dove in after her.  She came up sputtering and gasping “What did I do?” she asked smiling
“As if you didn’t know.” He said wrapping her tightly in his arms.  Lindsay wrapped her arms and legs around him as he swam with her.  “You set me up with that swim suit didn’t you?”
“Would I do that?” she asked innocently
Nick dunked them both under the water and she came up sputtering and laughing again.  “Confess your plot.”
“What plot?” she asked and was rewarded with another dunking
“Tell me or you are going under again.” He threatened with a smile
“I cannot tell the secrets between friends.” She said and he dunked her again.  “Okay, okay” she said as he brought her up again.  “Sarah told me where she found some very nice swim wear that I might like.”
“And?”
“And what?  She was right; I do like the purchases I made there.”
“And it has nothing to do with getting a reaction out of me?” he asked knowingly
“No, not at all.” She said too innocently and he dunked her again. 
She kissed him thoroughly when he brought them up this time.  “I did like your reaction to the suit though.” She said when they stopped the kiss.
“I knew it.” He said laughing at himself.  “You will pay for this somehow some way.” He whispered in her ear
“Promise?” she whispered back and he laughed
Dalton and Sarah floated by on their gigantic raft and Sarah and Lindsay exchanged another “high five” and a smile.  
“Stay away from her.” Nick scolded so Sarah could hear him “She is bad for my health.”
“Count on it friend.” Sarah yelled back at him.  Dalton clamped his hand over her mouth.  “Run Nick as fast as you can.”
Sarah unexpectedly licked Dalton’s hand and he jerked it away.  “It’s too late Nick, your fate is sealed.  You have been had.” She said laughing.  “You go girlfriend, he is yours hook, line and sinker.”
Nick let go of Lindsay and sunk to the bottom of the pool.  Lindsay dove after him and kissed him.  
Nick and Lindsay got out of the pool and sat on the lounge chair together.  Lindsay was sitting in front of him.  “I love you Nick and I really did like your reaction to this suit.” She whispered to him
“And I really like this suit.” He whispered back “But you naked with me in the hot tub yesterday is the best view.  That is what I remember.”
“Ummhmmm” she agreed as he kissed her neck and wrapped her in his arms.  
“Are you ready to go change and go out?” Nick asked later in the afternoon.  “I want you alone.”
She nodded and got up from her chair.  “see you guys later, we are going to dinner and then to see a movie.”
“Have fun!” Sarah called after them “Bye Nick” she singsonged to him
“The only thing saving you from a thorough dunking my dear, is that fact that it could make you feel bad.”
Sarah gasped at him. “How did you know that?”
“I read your blog, my friend.  I read it every week.” He said as he kissed her cheek.  “but you are still bad for my health.”



Nick knocked on Lindsay’s door when he returned from showering and dressing for their date.  She was wearing her robe again as she opened the door.  “Hi babe.” He said as he swept her up in a hug.  “What is on under the robe this time?”
“You could untie it and find out or you can watch while I finish getting dressed.”
“I’ll do both.” He said reaching for the tie on her robe.  He stepped back away after he removed the robe and tossed it on the bed.  “Oh, yeah.  I like that.” Lindsay was wearing a white lace corset top and a mini skirt.  “I’m almost speechless.  Did you buy this outfit for my benefit?”
“Mostly.  It was beautiful also.” She said turning to model for him.  
“Yes, it is beautiful but you radiate in it.”  
“Thank you.  You look very sexy yourself.  I have mentioned before that I like it when you wear boots and jeans.”
“I believe the quote is that I fill out my jeans nicely.” He replied flirting with her
“Nicely was a polite public term.  Superb is my private term.”
“Merciful heavens woman, get your shoes and let’s go.” He growled “Otherwise I am in big trouble.”
Lindsay winked at him and went to get her shoes.  
Nick held her hand as he drove to the theatre.  They picked a romantic comedy to see and went in.  The theatre had an arm rest that moved out of the way so Nick could hold her hand throughout the movie.
Lindsay didn’t concentrate very much on the movie because Nick was caressing her hand.  Her senses were on full throttle.  He had amazingly strong hands and they held her so gently whenever they were together.
After the movie they went to a nice restaurant that afforded each guest some privacy.  The placed their dinner orders and began to talk.
“Did you like the movie?” Nick asked
“Ah, yeah sure.  It was probably good.”
“Probably?  Were you sleeping?”
“Ah no.”
Nick got a sneaking suspicion and decided to tease her a little “What was the movie about Lindsay?”
She stalled as she tried to remember finally she gave up “I have no idea.”
Nick leaned over to whisper to her “Were you distracted by something, love?”
“Yes” she hissed back at him “You did that on purpose, didn’t you?”
He laughed gently “Not at first, but I could see you watching my hand caress yours and so I worked it a little for my benefit.  I thought you would get used to it and go back to watching the movie, but your eyes just focused on my hand.”
“My senses were on high alert.  I didn’t know my hand would be so receptive.” She said as she looked at her hand  “I was day dreaming I guess.”
Nick took her hand in his and kissed it.  “I confess; I didn’t watch much of the movie either.  I was watching you as I caressed your hand.  It brought me great joy to see your pleasure.  You can tell me your day dreams when we get back to my house.”
Lindsay colored and dropped her gaze to her lap.
“Oh, yeah.  I need to hear those day dreams babe.  I am counting the minutes until we get home.”  He said as he kissed the hand he still held.
Lindsay remembered as much about dinner as she did the movie.  Nick was caressing her hand again as they waited for their meals.  Then when their meals came, she ate one-handed because he kept her hand occupied.
Nick held her hand as they walked to the car.  He could tell she wasn’t really with him and he reveled in it.  “Lindsay, did you enjoy your dinner?”
“Shut up Nick” replied Lindsay laughing “I can’t help it.”
“I love it.  It makes me feel like a superman.  I will thank you properly when we get home.”
“Oh, no.” she exclaimed “My feet aren’t touching the ground as it is.”
Nick laughed at his girl.  “You will like it, I promise.”
The ranch was quiet when they arrived back.  Nick walked beside Lindsay back to his house.  She was still a little stunned at her reactions to him tonight so he just pick up right where he left off.  “You make me forget everything…work, sleep, eating.  I just get wrapped up in you.” He murmured into her hair as he held her close.
“That seems fair, since I don’t remember much about the movie or dinner because my senses were on full throttle from your first touch.”
“I can’t say I am sorry about that love, that worked out better than I could have planned.” He said kissing the top of her head.
“Does that make us even then?  My swim suit for your hand caresses.” She asked teasingly 
“NO!  You deliberately set me up with that suit and my hand caresses were a lucky by product of touching your hand.” He said chuckling at her plotting.  “I will get you back for the swim suit, never fear.”
“How about this?  My suit in exchange for not telling my brothers you hog tied me in the woods?”
“Oh man, I forgot about that.” He exclaimed “Ok, it is a deal.  We are even.”
Until tomorrow she mumbled 
“What did you say?” he asked rolling her over again to pin her to the bed.
“I said, do you have plans for tomorrow?”
“I have to work some with that horse Tornado and then someone is dropping off some new stock for David to look over for potentials in the breeding program.”
“Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.  I have stats and possible scenarios to run while he looks them over.”
“But after that we can do something?  Hang out by the pool and have a night time swim?”
“Heavenly.  Now we need to get to bed since we have busy day tomorrow.  Will you walk me home?”
“Of course goofy girl.”  Nick walked her to her room and kissed her good night.  “See you tomorrow my love.” He whispered as he left.
“I love you Nick.” She whispered back


Chapter 12

The next morning Lindsay happened to meet up with Nick as he had breakfast.  “Hey” she said entering the kitchen.  “I didn’t expect to see you in here.”  She walked over to him and leaned down to kiss him.  
“I am getting a slow start this morning.” He said with a wink  
“He has been waiting for you.” Gabby grumbled “He tried to blame me for being slow with breakfast but I know better.  He glanced in the direction of your room every time there was noise.”
Nick slapped his hand onto his forehead and grumbled right back “Mama, I love you but I am going to have to tell Dad on you.  He will keep you quiet.”
“Yeah, right” Gabby laughed at Nick “When has that ever happened?”
“True.  I thought I would give it a shot.” Nick said as he finished his coffee and kissed his two favorite women goodbye.
“Lindsay, you make my son very happy.  I am so glad for you both.”
“He makes me very happy too.  I have loved him a long time but now that it is mutual, it gets bigger every day.”
“That is what it is supposed to do.  Love grows as you give it away.”
“That it does.” Lindsay nodded
“Now, what are you sitting here for, go follow him.” Gabby groused
“I love you Mama Gabby.” Lindsay said as she left the kitchen laughing.
Lindsay walked quietly to the barn and went to see her horse, Brandy.  “I miss riding you girl.  Hopefully not much longer.” She said as she brushed her and gave her a treat.  “We will go for a nice long ride as soon as I can.” She said as she left the stall and went to find Nick.
He was once again working in the corral with Tornado.  Lindsay stopped and watched from a distance at first so her presence wouldn’t distract the horse.  
“I told you, you can’t sneak up on me.  My heart knows when are close by.”
Lindsay chuckled and moved a bit closer.  “I wasn’t sneaking up on you.  I didn’t want to distract the horse from you.”
“It’s okay.  Come closer he needs to be distracted some so I can bring his focus back to me.”
Lindsay walked up closer and the horse focused on her for a while until Nick worked with him to change his focus.  “Did my Mama embarrass me some more after I left?”
“No, she was telling me that I made you happy and she was glad for both of us.”
“You do make me happy.” Nick spoke softly to her but stayed focused on the horse.
“You make me happy too.”
“I’m glad to be changing the bad memories of me into good and happy ones.”
“I am glad that is happening too.  Most of the memories weren’t bad but some made me very sad.  But that is all changed around now that we are a couple.  I am not thinking on the sad anymore.”
“I still do some.  I was so stupid around you.”
“Please don’t.  Let’s forget about that for now, if we need to talk more about that another day then we will but not today.”
“Okay.”  He paused “Can you try to distract him again?  Climb up on the rail or something.”
Lindsay climbed up on the rail and got the horse’s attention.  Nick worked on him again to bring it back.  “Good job Tornado.” He crooned.  
Nick finished his work with the horse and led him back to his stall.  Lindsay watched from where she was as Nick fed, watered and groomed him.  Then Nick came to where she was and picked her up in a big hug.  
“Knock that off.” David said walking up to them “He is doing good Nick.” He said pointing to Tornado.
“He is.  I believe I am ready for the saddle tomorrow.”
David was about to comment again as a livestock truck pulled into the ranch.  “Time to get to work.  Lindsay will you go greet our guests and direct them to the south corral.  Nick and I will be there in a second.”
Lindsay left the barn and went to the driver’s door of the truck.  “Hi” she said climbing up to talk to the driver “I’m Lindsay Matthews.  David wants you to go down to the south corral.  Follow that drive and go past the south barn.  Pull past it a ways and then back up to the unloading shoot that is there.  You can’t miss it.”
The driver nodded and she hopped down and went to the SUV that had pulled in behind the truck.  “Welcome to StageWest.  I’m Lindsay Matthews.”
“I am Trent Dean and this is my wife Kelly.”
“Nice to meet you.  You can go on down to the south barn and David will meet you down there.  Do you have some paperwork for me?”
“Here it is.”  He said as he handed it through the window.  
“I will see you later then.  Enjoy your day.”
“Thank you.” 
Lindsay went inside with the paperwork as the Dean’s drove down to the barn.  She went right to work on the software for the breeding scenarios.  Nick’s brother Travis had designed the software with possible and probabilities that were pretty accurate.
Lindsay was printing off the results when her intercom buzzed.
“Lindsay, David is ready for you if you are done.” Nick said from David’s office
“I am finishing the printing right now.  Is he going to his office in the barn?”
“Yes, he is showing the Dean’s around but he is headed here next.”
“I’m coming right now.”
Lindsay beat David to his office by just a minute or so.  He took the reports from her and reviewed them as Nick showed the Dean’s the barn.  
After he finished reviewing her data, he asked her to take the Dean’s up to the house so he and Nick could talk about the results.  
Lindsay left his office and went to find Nick. As she approached them she noticed that Kelly Dean was standing a little too close to Nick and flirting with him.  “Mr. and Mrs. Dean if you will come with me, we can sit in the cool house and enjoy our lunch while David reviews the paperwork you brought.
“That would be lovely” exclaimed Mrs. Dean “but please call me Kelly and he is Trent.”
“Certainly.  Please follow me.”  Lindsay led them to the front of the house and showed them where they could freshen up and directed them back to the living room.
“This is lovely house, Lindsay.” Kelly said as she entered the living room
“Thank you.  My mother and father designed themselves with future generations in mind.  My brothers and I each had a wing and that can be remodeled to fit our family’s needs.”
“How wonderful and how far sighted your parents were.”
“Yes, they hoped for all of us to live here for a long time and so far that has worked.”
Dalton and Sarah arrived a short time later.  They entered the living room and Lindsay introduced everyone.  “This is my brother Dalton and his wife Sarah.  Dalton, Sarah this is Trent and Kelly Dean.”
Dalton stepped forward to shake their hands “Welcome to StageWest.  Have you enjoyed your visit?”
Trent spoke first “Yes, your family has a huge and well respected facility here.  The quality of stock we have seen is outstanding.”
“Thank you.  David is the best at what he does.” Dalton replied
“He is amazing at what he does” Trent returned “Just mention that he has looked at your stock or bread a horse with yours and the price at least doubles.”
“That’s David.” Dalton agreed
“And Nick is an excellent with horses also.  He noticed one of mine had a problem and we had missed it.”
Dalton agreed.  “Nick has an affinity with horses.  It is almost like he can read them.”
Mr. Dean agreed and the conversation continued until David and Nick joined them.  Gabby called them all to lunch.  
After lunch, David, Nick, Lindsay and the Dean’s went to Lindsay’s office to discuss what David and Nick had determined.
Lindsay took notes as the discussion progressed.  She also noted that Kelly again was directing too much attention to Nick.  He, thankfully, seemed to be ignoring it.
Lindsay typed up the contract that everyone agreed on and both parties signed it.  Nick left to assist the hands with the Dean’s horses while David and Lindsay finished the business.  
The Dean’s were getting ready to leave when Nick wandered back from the barn.  Lindsay noted again that Mrs. Dean’s attention shifted right back to him.  I’ll be glad when she is gone.
As they drove away, Nick wrapped his arms around Lindsay from behind and laid his head on hers.  She spoke quickly “I’m glad that woman is gone.  They don’t have to come back, do they?”
“What’s wrong with Kelly?”
“She paid you way too much attention for my peace of mind and for being a married woman.”
“She did?  I didn’t even notice.”
“I’m glad about that at least.” She replied losing some of her temper at his comment.
“Lindsay, are you mad at me?”
“No, I just didn’t like her.”
“They probably won’t be back.  They had a couple of good horses but not that many.”
“Good.”
Nick laughed and turned her around in his arms and kissed her.  “I love you Miss Lindsay Matthews.  Now, we have the rest of the day to be together.  I am going to go shower and change and then see you at the pool.”  He quickly kissed her again and left to change clothes.



Nick had finished changing clothes and was getting ready to leave when someone knocked on his door.
“Come in”
“Nick?”
“Hi Mama” Nick said coming from the bedroom “What are you doing here?”
“A mother can’t come to her favorite son’s house?”
Nick laughed “Favorite son?  I don’t think so Mama.”
“Of course you are my favorite son, so are Travis, Colin, David and Dalton.  And my favorite girls are Lindsay and Sarah.”
“What’s up Mama?” he said laughing at her logic
“I want to talk to you.” She said moving to sit in the rocking chair
“About what?” he asked a little concerned
“Lindsay”
“What about Lindsay?”
“Are you going to marry her?”
“Yes.”
“Have you proposed to her?”
“Unofficially.”
“Why not officially?”
“Well, at the time, some lunatic had just beaten her up. So she wasn’t exactly in the best shape to be excited about it?”
“So propose to her now”
“Lindsay needs a little time, Mama.”
“Why?”
Nick got up to pace.  “To believe in me, to believe that my feelings for her are genuine.  Did you know she has loved me for eight years?”
“I wondered about that.”
“What?  How?”
“She acted different around you.  With her brothers she was tough and could take what they dished out, but with you she was quiet and afraid.  If she thought of you like a brother, then she would have been the same with you as she was with David and Dalton.”
“How long have you wondered this?”
“A few years, maybe?  I don’t know.”
“And you didn’t say anything?”
“About what?  If you two couldn’t work it out, it was going to be hard for both of you to live here.  I kept my mouth shut and watched.  I know, for once I didn’t butt in on my kids.” She added at his astonished look
“I love you Mama.” Nick said “Now, why all these questions about me and Lindsay?”
She reached into the pocket of her pants and held out a box for him.  He reached for it with a question in his eyes.
“That was my grandmother’s wedding ring set.  Lindsay may not like it and that is okay.  You can use the diamonds in a different style.  It was to be yours since you were my first born.”
Nick opened the box and looked with love on the ring set.  “It is beautiful.  Thank you Mama.” He said moving to hug her.  
“Let her know she can change the style.”
“I will, but if I know my girl.  She won’t.”
“Now when are you proposing “officially”?
“I am working on a plan for that but it is going to be a few more weeks.  Can you wait that long?” he asked a little sarcastic.
“Barely.  I am so happy for you two.”
“Good, because I will need your help with part of the plan.”
“Anything for my kids.” She replied happily
“Mama, she is soon going to be your daughter.  I promise you.”
Tears came to her eyes as she looked at her son.  “I know baby, I can’t wait.”
Nick hugged her again and she left.  



Nick walked from his house to the pool but didn’t see Lindsay.  
“Where is Lindsay?” he asked Sarah and Dalton
“We haven’t seen her.” Sarah replied
Nick walked to her room and knocked on the door.  She didn’t answer so he knocked again “Lindsay?” and she still didn’t answer so he opened the door and her room was completely dark.  
“Lindsay, are you in here?”
“Nick?” she said quietly
“Yes, where are you?”
“In bed, my head started hurting when I got back to my room.”
Nick rushed to the bed “How bad is it?”
“Bad.”
“Is it from your injuries?”
“I don’t know.”
“I’m calling Dr. Stephens in San Francisco and then we are going to the clinic.”
“But …”
“No buts.” He said moving to the bathroom so he could turn on the light and not disturb her.  Dr. Stephens’ answering service took his message and he went back to the bed to wait on a return call.
“Can I get you anything?” he said as he gently touched her hair
“Will you hold my hand?”
Just as he reached for it his cell phone rang.
“Nick Cates”
“It’s Dr. Stephens.  What is wrong with Lindsay?  Can she talk to me on the phone?”
Nick held the phone to Lindsay and the doctor asked her several questions and she answered then gave the phone back to Nick.
“What should I do?” Nick asked 
“I think it is just a headache, but take her to an urgent care just in case.  As a result of her injuries, she may have developed migraines.  Have the doctor at the clinic call me and I will talk to him.”
“Thank you.  We will leave right away.”
“Don’t panic.  She is probably fine.”
“Thanks bye.” Nick said and hung up.  He rushed for the bedroom door.  “I’m going to get Dalton so he can drive.”
Nick rushed out the door and yelled for Dalton as he ran to the pool.
“What?” Dalton replied
“Get your car; we need to take Lindsay to urgent care.”
“Why?”
“She has a bad headache and we called Dr. Stephens and it was his suggestion.”
“Ok, we will be right back.” Dalton said as he and Sarah moved to get their car.
Nick rushed back to Lindsay and gently picked her up.  Gabby met him at the door because she heard the commotion.  “What’s wrong?”
“We are going to urgent care, she has a bad headache.  Find David and tell him to come to the clinic in town.”
Nick was carrying Lindsay to the front door as Sarah rushed in.  He helped Lindsay into the back seat and then climbed in with her.  She moved to lie down in his lap as Dalton left the house.  Sarah reached over the back of the seat to hold her hand.
“Hey girlfriend.  What’s wrong?”
“My head started hurting very bad when I went back to my room.”
“What did Dr. Stephens’ say?”
“Something about migraines, I don’t know.”
“We are almost there, sweetheart.” Nick assured her.  
They reached the clinic and Nick and Sarah walked beside Lindsay.  Sarah went to sign her in as Nick found her a place to sit down.  Thankfully, the clinic was not too busy today.
“Lindsay Matthews” called a nurse from the door
Nick helped her walk to the room.  They took her vital signs and made her comfortable on the exam table.  Nick walked to her side; he brushed her hair gently as they waited.  
The doctor came in a few minutes later and asked what had happened.  Lindsay explained how she felt and about her attack a few weeks ago.  The doctor examined her and asked a few more questions.  Nick gave the clinic doctor the phone number for Dr. Stephens and then he left again.  
The doctor returned several minutes later; “I spoke to Dr. Stephens and we believe this is a migraine.  Maybe it is a new thing for you since your injuries but maybe not.  We are going to give you a shot for the pain and this prescription will help with the pain in the future.  You need to see your regular doctor and have him run some tests.  Get your records from Dr. Stephens and the hospital before you go.
“Thank you doctor.” Lindsay said as he left.  “Take me home.  I just want to sleep.”
“I know.” He said as he walked her back to the waiting room.  David had joined Dalton and Sarah and they all rushed to see her when she came in.
“It is probably a migraine.” Nick answered before they even asked.  “She has some medicine and wants to go home to sleep.”
“I’ll go get the car.” Dalton said after Nick’s explanation.  David and Sarah waited with Nick and Lindsay then they all went home.  Nick carried Lindsay inside and met his mother on the way through the door.
“David called me.  I know what happened.” She said before he could explain.  “I have her room ready.”
“Thanks Gabby.” Lindsay said as Nick laid her on the bed.
Everyone else followed in a few minutes later but Lindsay was already asleep from the medicine the doctor had given her.
Nick ushered everybody out the door.  “I am going to stay here in case the nightmares come back also.  Mama, can you go to my house and bring me some clothes?”
“I’ll be right back.”
David patted Nick on the shoulder “we will be around if you need us.” he said and Dalton and Sarah agreed but left Lindsay’s wing of the house.
Nick went back to Lindsay but left the door open so his Mama could come in with his clothes.  He looked down at Lindsay and waited.  She had already curled up with the stuffed bear he had given her in San Francisco.  He will protect you, sweetheart.  And so will I.
“Nick, here you go.  Call me if you need me.” Gabby said as she put his clothes down and left.
“Thanks Mama.” He said softly
Nick went to change clothes and then went back to Lindsay’s sitting room.  He turned the TV on low so he wouldn’t disturb her and he could also hear her if she called for him.  
Lindsay’s computer was on so he checked his email and found an email from both Scott and Katie.  That would brighten his day so he read Scott’s first.
Hi Nick,
How is Spade?  I want to come to Azona to see you but mom said no. When are you come here?
Scott

Hi Scott,
I miss you too.  Spade is fine.  I rode him this morning as I worked with some other horses.

I will come to San Francisco as soon as I can.  Will you draw me a picture and send it to me?

I love you cowboy.
Nick


Hi Nick,
Are you coming to see me?  I want to ride horses again.  My boots got dirty but mom fixed them.
Katie

Hi Katie,
I miss you too.  I will come see you soon.  My boots get dirty too but I clean them instead of my mama.  She is busy.  

Will you draw me a picture and send it to me?

I love you sweetie.
Nick

Nick wrote an email to both sets of parents asking how they were and how the kid’s checkups had gone.  He also found an email from Cassie Reynolds. 
Hi Nick,
It was great to see you again in Las Vegas.  When are you coming back?  We can meet for drinks or something?

Call me
Cassie

Hi Cassie,
I probably won’t be back to Vegas for a while.  I am now engaged to the woman I was having dinner with last time I was there.  

Nick

Nick went to check on Lindsay.  She was sleeping soundly so he went back to surf the internet.  His email already showed a response from Scott’s mom so he opened it up.
Hi Nick,
Scott just got you email too.  He is so excited.  Scott’s checkup went well and so did Katie’s.  Scott’s energy level is getting better.  By the fall, we hope he can go to school again.

How is Lindsay?

Deena 

Hi Deena,
That is great news about their checkups.  Lindsay will be thrilled too.

Lindsay doing good except for being under the weather today.  

I am working on a big plan to surprise her and it involves all of you.  I’ll let you know more later.  But it is big secret from her so NO telling.

Nick

Nick heard Lindsay calling him from the other room so he signed off of his email and ran to her.
“Nick?” she called again
“I’m right here my love.”  Nick said as he lay down beside her.  “How’s the headache?”
“Better.”
“Do you need some water or anything?”
“Yes, and a sandwich please.”
“I’ll be right back.”
Lindsay had sat up and turned on the light by the time he got back.  “You look better.” He said as he laid the tray across her lap.
“The pain is gone.  Thankfully.”
“I’m so glad.  You scared us.”
“I’m sorry.  One minute I was getting ready to change my clothes to go swimming and the next I was crawling in bed in pain.  I hope I am not getting migraines now, I have heard they are a nuisance and painful.”
Nick kissed her cheek and moved to take the tray away since she had finished her sandwich.  “Are you going to go back to sleep now?” he asked as he returned to sit beside her.
“No, I am going to change into my pajamas and then lay here with you. Hopefully?”
“That was real subtle there babe.  But I would be glad to lie here with you.  Your family is still up though so while you change I am going to go tell them that you are ok.” He kissed her and left to tell the good news.  
Lindsay was sitting on the bed wearing his shirt as her pajamas when he returned with her family’s messages.  Nick arranged the pillows and then sat back on them.  He pulled her to him between his legs and wrapped her in his arms.  
“I got an email from Scott and one from Katie and one from Deena.  The kids were funny.  Deena said their checkups went well and that Scott is getting his energy back.”
“That is great news.  I’ll have to check to see if I got an email from them.”
“Katie got her boots dirty but her mom fixed them. And Scott wants to come to Azona to see me.”
“That is because they miss you and love you.”
“I love them too and I miss seeing them.”
Lindsay was glad she was facing away from him so he couldn’t see her secret smile.  She had a surprise for him for his birthday.
“I also had an email from Cassie.”
Lindsay stiffened in his arms.  “What did she want?”
“To know when I was coming to Las Vegas again.”
“Did you answer her?”
“Yes, I told her I wouldn’t be in Vegas without my fiancée.”
“Good answer.”
“It was wasn’t it?” He said kissing the top of her head.  Nick caressed her as she lie on top of him.  She was almost back to sleep.  He kissed her head when she was completely out and rolled her back over onto the bed.  “I love you” he whispered and left the bed.  He moved her cowboy stuffed bear next to her and she wrapped her arms around it.  Nick kissed her gently, put his shirt on left her room.


Chapter 13

Nick knocked on Lindsay’s office door a couple of weeks after her headache.  “Come in”
“Hey babe.  Mama said you had something to show me.”
“I do, it is in my room.”
“Do I get to pick what it is?” he asked suggestively
“No.” she answered laughing at him
“But it is my birthday.” He grumbled like a little boy who didn’t get his way
She opened her room and brought him inside.  I have to get it out of my closet.  But I have an email from Scott and Katie, go read it.  Just shake the mouse; it should still be on the screen.
Nick moved to her computer and shook the mouse.  The screensaver cleared and Katie and Scott shouted “Happy Birthday Nick!”
He was stunned.  “How did you do this?” he asked Lindsay when she entered the room.
“She sent us webcams for your birthday, so we can talk this way to you now.” Scott answered instead of Lindsay.
“Scott and Katie, you did that perfectly.  You surprised him.” Lindsay said  “How are you guys?” 
Katie answered first “I want to come to Zona to see you.” Scott’s answer was the same.
“We wish that too guys.” replied Nick 
“How’s Spade?” Scott asked 
“He is fine.  Resting now, I worked him hard today.”
“Why?”
“We had to go round up some of our other horses from the pastures today.”
“Cool” Scott exclaimed
“Put your mom on Scott.” Lindsay asked
“Okay, Bye Nick”
“Bye Scott, Bye Katie.”
Deena came into view a few seconds later.  “That worked fabulous Lindsay.  They are thrilled.”
“Nick was so surprised.”
“We could see him, it was so funny.  He was stunned.”
“Yes, I was.” Nick butted in 
“Good and Happy Birthday Nick.”
“Thanks!” 
“We will set up another time to do this.” Lindsay told Deena and said their good-byes.  
Nick pulled her onto his lap the second the screen went blank.  He kissed her so hard she forgot to breathe.  
“I love you so much.  That was a great birthday present.”
“I’m glad you liked it.  Today they were both at Scott’s house but Travis wrote some software so that all three of you can see each other from three different computers.”
“How did you think of this?”
“Well, you mentioned several times that you missed seeing them.  So I talked to Travis and he got it set up and ordered the cameras and we had them shipped to their houses.  Then he sent them the instructions and the software.
“Thank you.  I miss them sometimes.”
“I know you do.  You love them.”
Nick nodded and hugged her close
“It is a bit crazy.  I haven’t known them that long. But they are so special.”
“It isn’t crazy.  You have a great big heart and it gives love wonderfully well and they felt that.  You are special to them too.” She replied with a sweet kiss
“I am still stunned at this.” He said as he leaned back in the chair with her.  “You will have to work hard to top this birthday present.”
“Is that a challenge, my love?” Lindsay questioned
“Maybe” he answered slowly
“Do I have other years to top it or just today?” 
“You can do either or.  I am easily agreeable.”
Lindsay fell off his lap laughing at him.  “Let me go ask one of the hands about that, maybe the last one who disagreed with you on treatment of a horse.” She said as she sat on the floor
He followed her down to the floor and lay on top of her.  “Brat.  I was talking about you.  I am only easily agreeable to you.” He said firmly kissing her.
“Yeah right” she laughed again.  “I seem to recall being tied up and left in the woods because I disagreed with you.”
“I did not leave you.” He laughed “I merely moved from your line of sight.”
“But I was still tied up.” She reminded him
“You were being stubborn!” he retorted
“Me?  You were kis…” she started to say but he shut her up with a kiss again
“You were saying, dear.” 
“You were kis…” she mumbled as he kissed her again.  She started laughing as he let her go.  
“You are not finishing you sentences love?”
Lindsay pretended to zip her lip and throw away the key.  And Nick lowered his head and kissed her deeply
“Hey, I was shut up.  I wasn’t being stubborn that time.” She argued playfully.
“So?” he laughed “Oh, you thought I was kissing you to shut you up?”
“Yeah!”
“Well, maybe.  But, you are so cute when you are arguing with me.”
“When have I ever argued with you?” she asked outrageously
Nick rolled away laughing and dragging her on top of him.  “I love you, goofy girl!”
“I love you and Happy Birthday.” She said as she leaned down to kiss him tenderly
“Thank you.  It was a great present.”
“If you are good the rest of the evening, you might get another one later.” She winked at him and stood up
“Hallelujah!” 
“Now, are you done working for today?” she asked as he got up
“Yes, I am.  Why?”
“Go shower and change.  Your birthday party is out by the pool tonight.”
“Do we get to have a private party later?”
“As a matter of fact, we do!” she smiled
“And what are we going to do at this party?”
“Spend the night at the cabin” whispered Lindsay “so pack an overnight bag.”
“Yes!” he pumped his fist in the air
“Go.  I’ll see you by the pool.”
Nick’s party by the pool was filled with lots of laughter and good food.  Lindsay and Nick were lounging in the chair when Travis came by.  “Did he like his present?” he asked Lindsay
“He was so surprised!  It was wonderful, thank you!” she said getting up to get something to drink and more cake.
“Yes, thank you little brother.  That was a wonderful gift.” Nick said shaking Travis’ hand
“My pleasure.  It was fun to plan.”  He laughed “She is a keeper big brother.”
“And I plan to do just that.” 
“So I should get my tux cleaned then?”
“Not yet” Nick replied “We are not rushing things.”
“So when are you proposing?”
“Soon, and your little gift will make my surprise easier to plan.”
“Good, if you need me, you know where to find me.”
“Thanks.”
“What were you two talking about over here?” Lindsay asked when she returned with more cake.
“I was just shooting the breeze with my little brother.”
“This cake is delicious.  I am glad you like chocolate cake.”
“Ummhmm” he murmured chewing the bite she gave him from her piece.  “When can we blow this party?  I want you all to myself.”
“Soon, you have to open your gifts first.” She said getting up from the chair and leading him to the table of presents
“Let’s get it over with then.” 
Everyone gathered closer as he began to open gifts.  David’s gift was the next weekend off from work.  Dalton and Sarah’s was tickets to a concert in Las Vegas that they knew he would like.  Gabby and Nathan’s was Katie and Scott’s pictures from the day at the Turner ranch all done up in a nice collage.  Travis and Lindsay’s gifts had been the webcams.
“I guess we are going to Las Vegas this weekend?” he asked Lindsay
“How did you figure that out?” she asked innocently
“Brat!” he said and moved to throw her in the pool
“No!  I am dressed.” She screamed
“So?” he said stalling
“Please!”
“Okay.” He said putting her down on the chair.  “Now can we leave?”
“Yes, I told them we would be leaving after the presents.”
“They know about this?”
“Yes, I couldn’t just disappear for the night.”
“And I am still alive? Dalton must have gotten soft since he married Sarah.”
“They trust you.  And they know me.  Besides, we spent weeks alone together, they can’t stop us now.  And we are going away for the weekend together.”
Lindsay and Nick said their good-byes and Nick heard more “Happy Birthdays” as they went to the house to get their bags.  They walked down to the barn and left in the four wheeler.
“Did you have fun?” she asked him
“Yes, our family is the best.”
“It is nice to have such a close family.  And I am glad they have accepted our change in relationship.”
“Did I ever tell that Dalton and I talked about that?”
“Was it bad?”
“It was surprising.  We talked about the helicopter issue and then he gave me his blessing so to speak.”
“Wow.” Lindsay said slowly pondering the change in her brother.  He was the problems I was expecting.  Now he has accepted us.  No wonder he didn’t object to Nick spending those weeks alone with me in San Francisco.  He finally accepts me as an adult.
They arrived at the cabin as she woke from her mind wandering.  Nick carried their bags inside and then swept her up in his arms.  “Happy Birthday to Me, Happy Birthday to Me, Happy Birthday dear Nick, Happy Birthday to Me.”
“You are goofy.” She laughed 
“But you love me anyway.”
“Very much!” 
“So what is my birthday present?” he asked
“Follow me” she said motioning him with her finger
“Anywhere sweetheart.” 
They walked to the bedroom that was adjacent to the hot tub.  “Change into your suit and then come into the hot tub.” She said walking into the hot tub area and closing the door.
Lindsay quickly removed her clothes as she started the water.  She was so glad Dalton had this installed here.  It filled quickly with hot water and the jets were already on.  She climbed in and waited for Nick.  
He knocked on the door and she called him in.  She had managed to do a lot in a short time.  There were dozens of candles and she was already in the water.
“When did you set this up?” he said climbing in the water.  
“Earlier today.  I watched you all leave to go round up the horses so I quickly rode up here and set up the candles and stuff.”
“You have been extremely busy today.  One surprise after another.” 
“I had a great time.  I wanted to do something extra special for you since I could.  In prior years, I just dreamed it up.” She said a little embarrassed
“You dreamed about me and you on my previous birthdays?”
She nodded her head but didn’t look at him.
“Why are you embarrassed about that?”
“Because I don’t how you feel about it.”
“I feel honored that you would want to do something special for me.”
“Really?”
“Absolutely!  Can you come here please?” he said motioning her with his finger
Lindsay moved closer to him and he took her hand and had her sit on his lap and she wrapped her arms around his shoulders.  
“First of all.  Thank you for having better sense than me to see me as something special.  I am sorry I took so long to see you as my girl.  Secondly, thank you for making today very special for me.” He said as he gently kissed her “And lastly, you look fabulous without your clothes on.  It is a great birthday present.”
She laughed and kissed him again.  
“I do have a question though about my birthday present.”
“And what is that?” she asked
“How do I get to play with this particular present?”
She leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “However you want.”
“Oh lord!” He groaned “It is a good thing I have my suit on then.”
“Nick, I said however you want.”
“I heard you but we are not going to make love tonight or any night before our wedding night.  I want that first time I join with you to be so special.  We deserve it.”
Lindsay melted into him at his words.  “You are so wonderful.”
“So are you.”  He kissed her and then settled her between his legs.  “Now, tell me about these dreams you had about us on my birthdays.”
“Wishes is probably more accurate than dreams.”
“Tell me about these wishes then.”
“I wished I could give you a kiss with your present.  Or that we could spend time together as more than friends.  I wanted to be the one who gave you an extra special gift instead of an everyday family gift.  I wished I was the one you were sleeping with that night and telling me how much you enjoyed your day.  I wanted to mean something to you.”
He laid his head on hers but didn’t speak.  She started to move away sure that he was mad at her.  
“Where are you going?” he asked 
“I upset you so I am leaving.”
“No, you are not.”
“Yes, I am.” She said standing up
“I am not upset.” He said reaching for her
“Well, you aren’t saying anything so what else could it be.  Just forget I said anything” she said turning away
Nick reached up and grabbed her in his strong arms. “Sit.”
She struggled to get up again
“I am lots stronger than you so you can forget about getting away from me.”
“Please let me go and we can go back home.”
“I am not upset about what you said.  I am humbled and speechless.”
“What? Why?” she said jerking her head around to look at him
“Why?  To start with it was very special to hear what you wished for.  You made all your own wishes come true today.”
“I tried to anyway.”
“You did.” He paused trying to find the words to say to her “Lindsay, I am just a plain old cowboy who didn’t expect to get lucky enough to find you.  I wanted a good marriage and kids but that didn’t seem to be happening.  Finding out you love me and have loved me for so long has been a great surprise.  And also very humbling that I was so blind for so long and that you hurt because of me.  Maybe I cheated us out of all those years because I didn’t see you.”
“You can’t think like that.”
“Why not?  Both of us have had potentially fatal injuries this year and I could have robbed us of a life together.”
“Nick, I believe everything happens for a reason and on a right timetable.  Now, is when it was supposed to happen for us.”
“But the hurt I caused you, hurts me now.”
“No.” she said scrambling out of his arms to face him “We love each other and that is what matters now.  I grew up in those years, just like I was supposed to so that I can be a good wife to you not a kid.  I have loved you for eight years but the love I have now shows me how deep you can feel for another person.  My love for you has gotten better than that love.  I didn’t tell you those wishes to hurt you, I told you so that you would know why I probably went a little overboard today.  I could so I did.  It is just like when I cried over the freedom to touch you.  That hurt is gone for me; your love has replaced all of that.  Please let mine do that for you.”
He reached for her and pulled her as close as possible.  “Easy on the ribs there cowboy.” She said trying to break the somber mood
Nick laughed and let her go.  “Sorry, I forgot.”
“I like that better.  This is a happy day.  Do you believe I love you with all my heart?” she asked smiling at him
“Yes, and do you believe I love you with all my heart?”
“Yes, know why?”
“Why?”
“Because I can be goofy and sad and crazed and you still want to be with me.  That is true love.” She said as she kissed him “I can also see it when you look at me.  I can feel it when you hold me. And I know it when you do things that please me.”  She turned back around and wrapped his arms around her.  “And you are not just some plain old cowboy.  Cowboy? Mercy me yes!” she pumped her fist in the air “Old? maybe. Plain? Not on your worst day covered in mud.  You are so handsome.  Now back to celebrating your birthday.”
“You are hysterical, sweetheart.” He said laughing at her and kissing her head as she laughed with him.  He lifted her off of him and then moved to leave the tub.  “I am moving this party to the bed.  I’ll be right back to get you.”
He went into the other room and changed out of his suit and into his pajama pants.  Then he went back and got Lindsay out of the tub and dried her thoroughly.  He swept her up in his arms and carried her to the bed and laid her gently down.  
He moved onto the bed until he was kneeling over her on all fours.  “So you like that I am a cowboy?”
“I believe I mentioned before that I like to watch you ride your horse.”
“Yes, if my memory is correct since I am so old, that was about the same time you mentioned the jeans and boots thing.”
“I don’t believe I mentioned boots, but yes it is part of the whole package if you catch my drift.”
“I caught your drift, are you catching mine?”
“You are the one who is stalling, not me.  I already voiced my opinions.” She said teasing him.  “Kiss me!” she urged trying to capture him.
He grinned and moved down to the bottom of the bed.  He picked up one of her feet and brought it closer and kissed the arch of her foot.  Lindsay’s toes curled in pleasure.  He picked up the other foot and kissed it also.  
Nick ran his hands all the way up her legs and back again.  He picked up her foot again and placed it against his chest.  The sensual massage began at her calves, he rubbed her smooth skin like he did when he applied the lotion when she was injured.  He changed his massaging to the other leg.  He rubbed and caressed her until her leg moved involuntarily.  He placed it back on the bed and bend over to kiss and lick the inside of her legs up to her center.  Lindsay was stunned.  He licked back down the inside of the thigh on the other leg.  He moved back down and started to run his hand up the same path he had just licked.  When both hands reached the top of her thighs he brought his hands together and brushed his thumbs over her sex.  “Your luscious body fits perfectly with mine. When we love we are going to soar in our passions. I loved that reaction.  Your body is so responsive to my touch; I hope you always react that way to me even after sixty years of marriage.”
“That sounds wonderful cowboy!”
“I really am glad I am a cowboy if you like it that much.”
“I love you that much.  It is who you are; I wouldn’t change your profession for anything.  The way you handle horses is beyond my ability to describe.  I love to watch you with a horse, well, I can’t watch when you are breaking them especially now.  But any other time it is majestic.”
“Why can’t you watch when I am breaking them?”
She stalled trying not to answer that question.  
“Lindsay, tell me.”
“The day of your accident, I directed the ambulance to the south barn where you were.  It was awful to see you lying there unconscious.  I could see you were badly hurt and broken.  I can’t watch it happen to you if it ever happens again.”
“Lindsay, sweetheart, listen to me.  Did no one tell you what really happened that day?”
“No, weren’t you thrown from the horse and stepped on?”
“Yes, but it was not because of something I did.  James, the new ranch hand, did not follow the rule about approaching me quietly when I am with a horse.  He thought it was just a stupid rule.  He came rushing up on me laughing and joking and yelling at someone down the barn.  The horse spooked and threw me.”
“Did David thrash him?” she asked suddenly angry that someone endangered Nick
“He fired him, he was on probation for another rule violation and so David kicked him off the ranch.”
“I still don’t know if I can watch or not.  I still picture you lying there so still and hurt.”
“That is up to you, babe, but please don’t worry about me.  This is sometimes a dangerous business but I don’t take unnecessary risks.  You have seen me and know how I work, trust me.”
“I do.  But that picture of you in my head is still fresh.  I was so scared that day.”
“I know, I was scared the day we flew to San Francisco to see you.  That plane ride was so long.”
“We have had a few tough months, haven’t we?” Lindsay asked
Nick rolled over so that she was beneath him again.  “Yes, but this moment right now isn’t so tough.  The moment is wonderful.  My Lindsay is with me and I have had a wonderful birthday thanks to her.”
Lindsay lifted her head and kissed him.  “And this weekend we will continue your birthday celebrations.  But I have to tell you that Dalton and Sarah are going also.  All of us are going to the concert you received tickets for.”
“That will be fun.” He pretended to scowl at her “As long as you and Sarah don’t set me up for something like you did with that swim suit.”
“Would we do that?” she asked mischievously 
Nick started to tickle her until she cried “uncle”.  “You were saying, dearest?”
“Ok, I will warn you that I have some new clothes.”
“For private view or public view?”
“Both”
“Oh man. You were setting me up again.”
“No, we really weren’t.  I think you will like the new clothes though.”
“If you are wearing them, then it is pretty much guaranteed.  I love how you look in clothes and out of clothes.” He added as he lifted off of her for the full view.  “You are so beautiful!”
She put both hands on the sides of his face.  “I keep telling you to look in the mirror if you want to see beautiful.” 
“Guys are not beautiful, sweets.” He growled at her
“So you think, but we girls know better.”
Nick leaned down to kiss her thoroughly.  “We need to get to sleep.  Thank you for today; it was wonderful.”
“I had a great day with you.”


Chapter 14

Nick, Lindsay, Dalton and Sarah arrived in Las Vegas on MatthewsOne about noon on Friday.  They had tickets to the Colby Randall concert that night.  Sarah needed a chance to rest before the show so they came early in the day.  The two couples checked into their suites and said they would meet up about six for dinner.
Lindsay and Nick had barely made it in the door when Lindsay pulled Nick to the couch and pushed him down.  She climbed on top of him and leaned down for a long leisurely kiss.  
“What’s this about?” Nick asked as they broke apart.
“I missed you and I wanted to feel you.” Lindsay said as she kissed his neck “I love to be with you.”
Nick wrapped her securely in his arms.  “I love to be with you also.  Your body feels great with mine.” He pulled her head down to his and gave her another kiss.  He teased her lips apart and delved his tongue into her mouth.  She moaned and moved in closer.  
“I arranged for a couples massage for us.” Nick said as they sat up on the couch.
“Really?  You would do that with me.”
“Yes, it will be great.”
“When?” she asked excitedly 
“Very soon.  We just have time to freshen up and then we need to leave.”
They changed into comfortable clothes and headed for the spa.  Lindsay was so surprised that Nick would do this with her; it didn’t seem like his type of thing.  
They were greeted warmly by the staff and shown to the dressing rooms.  The spa staff instructed them on the lockers and gave them the robes to change into.  After changing they were directed to a room with two massage tables.  
Nick and Lindsay lay down on the tables as instructed and the massage began.  The soft music and the low lighting made it even more romantic and special.  There were times when they could hold hands during their massage.  They didn’t exchange words but Lindsay was having a fabulous time.
Nick massaged her hands again and she lost track of everything.  Her hands were so sensitive to his touch that she practically melted for him.  He loved to touch her hands ever since the movie they had gone to where she didn’t even watch the movie just watched his hands on hers.
I have lost so much time with her.  I don’t want to lose anymore.  I want to love her and be loved by her for the rest of my life.  I need to put the plan in motion so I can propose to her and we can get married. Nick thought as his massage continued.
Lindsay was thinking that she had never been this happy in her whole life.  I want to spend the rest of my life with this wonderful man.  He loves me and I love him even more than I knew I could.  I have loved him for so long and the last few months that love has gotten deeper and stronger.  
Their massage ended and the couple went back to their room.  Lindsay leaned against Nick in the elevator “Thank you.  I had a fabulous time.”
“Me too.”
“I loved it when you held my hand and caressed it.  I lose my ability to think.”
“I know.” He whispered “That is why I like to do it so much.”


Lindsay was still in her robe when Nick knocked on her door a few hours after they had returned from their massage.  “How do you get ready so fast?” she asked opening the door to him
“Men are always faster than women.”  He replied taking hold of the tie to her robe.  “We rush so that we can then watch without interruption our women getting dressed.” He moved the robe past her shoulders and let it fall on the ground.  
“I haven’t even started to get dressed yet.” Lindsay said as she watched him look at her.
“I can see that.  I am really glad I hurried now.” He said as he took hold of her hands and held them out away from her so he could look his fill.  “Really glad!”
Lindsay blushed and lowered her head
Nick reached over and lifted her head with hand cupped under her chin.  “Why are you embarrassed?”
“I don’t know.  The look on your face … I don’t know.”
“I love you.  Your outward appearance and your heart and soul.”
Lindsay raised up onto her tiptoes and gave him a sweet kiss.  “I love you.”
Nick winked at her.  “Even though I love this outfit and you can model your birthday suit for me anytime, I think you had better get dressed.”
Lindsay nodded and moved to finish her makeup.  “I’ll be right back.”
“Lindsay?”
“Yeah.”
“I am watching you and I like it.  Don’t be embarrassed with me.”
“I can’t help it.  Sometimes I get a little overwhelmed with my feelings for you.”
“Isn’t that good?” he asked not quite understanding her
“Yes, but I don’t want to scare you off or overwhelm you if it is too intense.”
“I am not going to be scared off and I like being overwhelmed by you.  You can be as intense with me as you want.  I am a big boy I can take it.”
Lindsay smiled at him.  “How did I get so lucky to be with you?”
“That is my line.  I’m the lucky one.  I am glad I finally removed my head from the sand and fell in love with you.”
Lindsay rushed to him and threw herself in his arms.  He grabbed her and swung her around.  “You feel so wonderful in my arms.  Holding you for the rest of my life will not be long enough.”
“You are going to make me cry.” 
“Nope, not tonight.  Tonight we go have fun and later…” he raised his eyebrows suggestively at her.  “Now get dressed.  Is this outfit setting me up for something?”
“I’ll show you in a minute.”
Lindsay moved into the dressing room in the suite so Nick couldn’t see her.  He sat down on the chair in the room and waited for her.  
“I got a little distracted earlier, but you look very handsome by the way.” She called from the other room.  “I believe I have mentioned it before, but you look really nice in jeans and boots.”
Nick laughed at her “Thanks” 
Lindsay left the room carrying her shoes.  Her outfit was a short western style mini skirt and a halter style top in white lace.
“You look very nice.  I think my heart can take this outfit.”
“Good.  I wouldn’t want an old man like you to have a heart attack before the good part of our life.”
“And what is the good part of our life?”
“Marriage, kids, and making love to each other as often as we want.”
“Mmmm sounds wonderful.” He said nuzzling her neck as she sat beside him to put her shoes on
He moved her to sit on his lap and kissed her gently.  “My Lindsay, thank you for a wonderful birthday week.”
“You are welcome. I probably had more fun than you did just planning it.”
“Tonight I will give you a better thank you.”
Lindsay moved from his lap after gently kissing his cheek “I am holding you to that.” She said pulling him to stand so they could leave the room.
They walked over to Dalton and Sarah’s suite and knocked on the door.  Dalton opened it and welcomed them in.  “Sarah is almost ready.”
“Sarah is ready.” She said as she exited the bedroom.  “I like your outfit Lindsay.”
“Mine?  You look amazing yourself sister.”  Lindsay said as she moved to hug her.  Sarah was wearing a short dress with a western style jacket.
“Thanks!” she said as they looked at their men.  “Do we or don’t we have the most handsome men that God ever created?” Sarah whispered to Lindsay
“Yes!” Lindsay exclaimed enthusiastically 
“Lord, have mercy on us.” Nick groaned in prayer.  
Dalton slapped him on the back.  “You get used to it.” Then leaned towards Nick and turned with his back to the ladies and talked real low so the ladies couldn’t hear “It is usually followed up with some great loving.”
Nick clapped him on the shoulder with one hand and grabbed his heart with the other.  “Stop.  You are killing me.” He whispered back
Dalton laughed at him and turned to clasp Sarah’s hand.  “Let’s go before we have to call another ambulance for Nick.”
“Why, what is wrong with Nick?” Sarah asked too sweetly while winking at Lindsay
“You are cruel, Sarah dearest.  But one of these days it is payback time.  Just be forewarned.” Nick growled at her.  
“I am just getting even, Nick dearest.  Do you recall a time you called me and threatened me to come to the ranch and ride my horse?” Sarah questioned
“I didn’t threaten you, that was David.  I was innocent.” Nick said laughing
“It is all in the company you keep.  David was guilty and so were you!”
“But look what happened…” He said glancing between Sarah and Dalton.  “Now you are stuck with him for life.”
“And that is the only reason you didn’t hang for your part in that call.” Dalton replied for her. “I got the love of my life.”
“And I have mine.” Nick said turning to stare at Lindsay
Lindsay gasped and colored again so Nick hugged her close.  Dalton and Sarah laughed at them both.  “Let’s go.” 



Nick, Lindsay, Dalton and Sarah had dinner at Dalton’s hotel and then rode to the concert in the hotel limo.  The concert was at another casino’s main arena.  Their seats were in one of the luxury boxes.  
As they arrived at the concert, Lindsay noted that they were in the back of the casino area.  “Aren’t we in the wrong area, Dalton?”
“No, come on.” He said exiting the limo and reaching for Sarah’s hand.  Sarah had a knowing smile on her face as she also exited.  Nick and Lindsay followed but were looking a little confused.
The two couples walked towards the big tour bus that was parked in the underground parking by the dressing rooms.  Sarah walked up to one of the buses and knocked on the door then stepped back so Nick was visible from the door.  The door opened and Greg Davis spoke “Well, look who is here.  It is our friend Nick Cates.” 
“Hi Greg.” Nick responded dumbfounded and confused “What are you doing here?”
“I am here to set up a surprise for your birthday.  Follow me.” He said closing the door to the bus.  Greg led them to the dressing room and knocked on the door.  CeCe opened the door this time and welcomed them in.  “Hi all.  Happy Birthday Nick.” She said hugging everyone.
“Hi CeCe.  What is going on?” Nick asked still looking confused.  The door to the other room opened and Colby Randall walked in.  
“Nick, I would like for you to meet Colby Randall.  Colby this is Nick who I was telling you about.”
“It is nice to meet you Nick.” He said
“The pleasure is mine.” Nick replied.
CeCe took a moment and introduced everyone else.  “Nick, Colby has a problem that he needs your help with.” CeCe said after everyone sat down
“Ah, okay.” a confused Nick answered “What is that?” Nick asked Colby
“CeCe and Greg tell me that you are the best there is with a troubled horse.”
“They are right.” replied Dalton as Sarah and Lindsay nodded.  Nick looked a little shy at all the praise but asked how he could help.  
“I have a horse that I can’t ride.  He is young and was probably mistreated by a previous owner.  Would you work with him and see if you can train him so I can ride him?”
“I’ll be glad to look at him.”
“He is at my ranch outside of Las Vegas; would you be able to look at him this weekend?  All of you could come tomorrow and we can have a day of it.” Colby said including Greg, CeCe, Dalton, Sarah and Lindsay in his invitation
Nick looked at everyone and they all nodded at him.  “Tomorrow?” he asked and they nodded again.
“That would be great.  CeCe and Greg know where the ranch is and you all come out tomorrow whenever you want and stay the day.”
“Thank you.” Nick said to Colby as he shook his hand.
“Thank you for looking him over.”
“Sure, we will see you tomorrow.” Nick said as they all left the dressing room.  “Can someone tell me what that was all about?” Nick said 
“I’ll tell you.” CeCe replied taking Nick’s arm “Colby is my cousin.  We were at his ranch a few weeks ago and he was telling us about this horse.  One thing and another, I called Sarah to ask if you would look at the horse.  She told me about the birthday trip and so we set this up.”
Nick looked at Lindsay “Did you know about this?” 
“No!” she glared at Sarah “Sarah and I arranged the trip and the concert that is all. So I thought.”
“Surprise!” Sarah said with a laugh at them. “I knew Nick liked Colby’s music and that he could probably help him with this horse.  So I set it up.”
“Thanks for arranging the meeting.  Now I hope I can live up to the hype about the horse.”
“Nick, dearest.” Sarah replied “I keep telling you that if we sold tickets you would be famous.  It is fabulous to watch him work with a horse.” She commented to Greg and CeCe
“You are not helping love.” Dalton cautioned with a look at Nick’s worried face.
“Nick, I’m sorry.  I thought you would like this surprise.” Sarah replied sadly
“I do!” he replied hugging Sarah.  “I just work with the horses I don’t do anything special.”
“Keep on believing that cowboy.” CeCe replied as she stood next to Sarah.  “I have seen a little bit of your work.  I was impressed.”
“Thanks” Nick said as he kissed CeCe’s cheek.  “It was a great surprise!”
“You are welcome.  Now, let us go watch Colby’s show.” CeCe said tucking her arm in her husband’s.  The three couples went up the back elevator that led to the private suites.  
Nick and Lindsay were walking with their arms around each other still a little surprised at the events of the last few minutes.  
“Are you okay, Nick?” Lindsay asked
“Yes, did that just happen?” he asked still a little amazed
“Yes, it surprised me too.  Tomorrow should be fun though.”
Colby’s concert was amazing and the three couples had a great time relaxing and enjoying each other’s company.  After the show they went back down to the underground parking and Dalton’s limousine took them back to the hotel.  
Greg and CeCe were staying with Dalton and Sarah in Dalton’s suite.  “That was really nice of you CeCe, you too Sarah.  I appreciated it very much.” Nick said as they reached their floor.
“You are welcome.” They replied 
They had already decided to sleep in a bit in the morning and head to Colby’s ranch about mid-morning after a late breakfast.  “See you in the morning.” Lindsay replied as they left the other four
Nick opened their door and went in after Lindsay.  He sat down on the couch and smiled at her.  “Your family and friends are so amazing.”
“They are your family and friends too.” She replied
“I hope I don’t let them down.  I really don’t think I do anything special with horses.”
“Well, we know you do.” She stated authoritatively as she cupped his face and kissed him.  “You have a great gift and it is special.”
“Thanks babe.  I appreciate that.” He said pulling her to sit on his lap  
Lindsay hugged him and enjoyed the feeling of being with him.  “Now, I believe I you made me a promise earlier.  I think it is time to live up to your promises.”
“Oh you do, do you?” he asked and she nodded her answer “I am going to take a quick shower and I will be right into your room to fulfill that promise.”
Nick left the living room and moved to his bedroom.  He was showering when he heard the door open.  “Lindsay?”
“Were you expecting someone else?” she asked a little amused
“No, I wasn’t even expecting you.  What are you doing in here?” The shower turned off and Nick reached around the door to get the towel.  
Lindsay’s face was flushed with excitement and her heart was pounding hard.  She put her hand to her chest and took a deep breath and walked towards him.  “I knew you were put together mighty well but I’m speechless.  You are never allowed out of the house again.  That is all mine.”
Nick laughed at her comments but was really glad she wasn’t fainting.  “You are too funny.”  Nick said sweeping her up in his arms.  “And yes, it is all yours.”
He carried her to the bed and sat her on the edge “It is my turn to look now.  It is still my birthday celebration.  I really like this outfit, but it is time for me to see more of your glorious skin.”
She reached behind her head to undo the button that held the top up but he stopped her hand.  “My birthday, my job to unwrap the present.” He said capturing her hand and bringing it to his mouth.  Nick kept her hand open and kissed each finger.  Then he drew each finger slowly into his mouth and suckled them.  
“On my!” Lindsay exclaimed “I thought I went a little crazed when you caressed my hand but that was nothing compared to this.”  So Nick did it again.  Lindsay tried to stop the involuntary flex of her finger but she couldn’t fight the pleasure of his touch.  Nick kept her hand where he wanted it though.  
After he finished with her hand, he reached behind her and moved to undo the button at the top and middle of her back that held her shirt on.  As he finished the second button the top floated to the floor.  He leaned forward on his knees and kissed the spot between her breasts.  Lindsay clasped his head still and encouraged him to do that again.  “Please!”
“Scoot back and lie down” he stated quietly  He reached for the side zipper of her skirt and lowered it.  “I noticed this zipper earlier and thought how lucky I was going to be later on.”
“Why?”
“Easier access to you.” He replied “Lift your hips” he instructed so he could remove her skirt.  He drew it down her long legs and tossed it over his shoulder.  He was speechless at what he uncovered.  Her underclothing was miniscule and tied on the sides.  He reached to untie her clothes.  
“It is a really good thing I didn’t know what was under there tonight.  I would have had a really hard time not investigating you.”
“That sounds like fun.  We will save that for another time.”  Lindsay said as she scooted farther up on the bed at his urging.  
Nick leaned over her on all fours.  “If you plan my birthdays with that in mind from now on, I would be so appreciative.”
“Well, I did happen to plan this birthday that way so the tradition has been set.”
“Nick never messes with tradition.  He really likes tradition.”
Lindsay laughed and pulled him down.  “Kiss me.”
 “I love you so much.  I want to be the face you see in your dreams.  I want you to be the arms you cling to at all times.  I am so blessed that you are my love.”
After a few moments, Lindsay began to surface from the bliss he had given her.  “Nick, you are the face in my dreams.  You have been for a long time, but now they are even better.”
“I’m glad.” He said reverently remembering how bad he had hurt her in the past.  
“Don’t think about the past.  It has no power over us anymore.”
“How did you know I was thinking about that?”
“We women can read our men.” She answered knowing she had guessed correctly.
“If you are so clever, then what am I thinking now?” he replied with a smile in his voice
“That is too easy.  You are thinking the same as me.  If we were married we could be doing more of this.”
“You are right that was too easy.” He replied.  “I have something to talk about after you go get into your pajamas.” 
Lindsay looked puzzled and went to pick up her discarded clothes and left the room.  Nick waited a few minutes and then followed her.  He didn’t bother to knock when he got to her room.  She was in the dressing room as he moved to stretch out on her bed.  Nick was plumping up the pillows when she came out in her gown.
“Merciful heavens.” Nick exclaimed “I was thinking t-shirt and bike shorts babe.”
“Sorry, no.  I like lingerie that feels good.”
Nick bounded off the bed and retrieved her robe from the bathroom.  “Just temporarily” he said as her put it around her and tied it up.
“Nick, you are scaring me. What is wrong?” Lindsay asked very afraid
“That gown was too lovely.  And I couldn’t talk to you.  After our talk, I will enjoy it more.”
“Now I am confused as well as scared.” She said sitting in the chair.
Nick knelt down in front of her and clasped her hand in his.  “Lindsay, I love you.  I want to marry you but will you trust me that we need a little bit longer before we get engaged.”
Lindsay’s head collapsed on Nick. “Now that my heart is beating again, I am going to kill you.  You scared me to death.  I was afraid you were walking away.”
“Never!” he replied  “I just..”
Lindsay placed her finger over his lips to stop his words.  “Love, I don’t care when we get engaged.  I am having a great time getting to know you as the man I love.  When we get engaged is not something I care to worry about.  If we get married next month or next year, I have you in my heart already.  I wouldn’t have offered myself to you otherwise.  I am just that way.”
Nick reached her hand and drew away from his mouth.  “I know.  I am humbled by your love for me.  How did I live this long without you?”
Lindsay decided to tease him a little to let go of the past. “I wondered about that myself for years.” She said with an exaggerated roll of her eyes  “I mean who could resist little ole me.”
“Ok, I get the message.  Let it go, the past is over.” He said grabbing her up in a big hug.  
“Yes, the past is over.  Our future is what is important.” She said hugging him in return.  
He let her back down so her feet touched the floor.  As soon as he let go the ties of her robe came undone and the robe fell to the floor with Nick’s help.  “Now, back to this  gown…Glory be, it is beautiful!”
“Thank you.  I did think of you when I purchased it.”
“Now, let us talk about that some.   Are you ready for bed?”
“Are you sleeping with me?”
“Yes.” He said climbing into bed “Which side of the bed do you sleep on?”
“The middle” she replied 
“Then let the middle of the bed war begin.” He said holding back the covers for her.  Lindsay climbed in as he turned off the light.  He was just lying down in the middle of the bed when she climbed on top of him.  “I’ll take the top instead of the middle.” 
Nick laughed and cuddled her closer.  I could get so used to this.  I need her. “I love you sweetheart.”
“I love you, with all my heart.”


Chapter 15

Lindsay woke the next morning snuggled next to a warm body.  He was still sleeping so she had a chance to study him.  She went to freshen up from her night’s rest then curled up in the chair to think about him.
He captured my heart eight long years ago, I know I loved him all this time.  But the love I have for him now is so much more.  I can see my dreams in his eyes.  I can see his passion when he looks at me.  He calls me the love of his life.  
I want to be a good wife for him.  He needs me and I need him.  We will have a good life together.  I will give him the babies he wants and he will be a wonderful father to them.  He will spoil them as well as love them.  
I want to have the kind of legacy that Gabby has.  She has raised her children to be adults she can be so proud of.  I want my children to feel about me the way we feel about her.  
Lindsay watched Nick for many long minutes.  She pictured horseback rides and picnics.  She thought of long walks and holding his hand; talking about anything and everything.  I love you my Nick she thought as she went to shower.
“Morning my sweets” Nick said as he opened the door as she showered.
“Hi!” she responded
“I am going to go shower and get dressed.  I’ll be back in few minutes.”
“Okay.” She responded
Nick was back in a few minutes.  Lindsay was just finished with the blow dryer as he entered again.  She stuck her head out of the bathroom and whistled at him.  “I love you cowboy!”
“You just like my jeans and boots.  I know your game.” He said coming up behind her.  “Without those, would you still love me?”
She pretended to think about that only he didn’t let her get away with it as he pushed her hair aside and kissed her neck.  Lindsay forgot about the question as he reached and untied her robe and pushed it to the floor.
Nick kissed her down her spine then licked his way back up again.  As before, her shoulder blades contracted as he moved passed the middle of her back.  When he reached her neck again, he spoke “I love to watch that reaction.  Count on me doing that fairly often.”
“Mmmhmm” she said turning in his arms.  Lindsay wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him down to her for a kiss.  
“Good Morning, babe!” Nick said after their kiss.  
“Morning to you too.”  Lindsay said moving away from him to the dressing room.  
Nick sat on the edge of the bed while Lindsay dressed.  She had her boots in her hand as she came out.  “Your jeans look mighty nice on you too sugar.” He said admiring her long legs.  
“Don’t start that now.” She replied “We can’t be late for breakfast.”
“Why not?” he said suggestively
“Do you want my brother to kill you?”
“He trusts me.” He said innocently
“No, he trusts me!  He knows you, you are a guy.”
“If my memory is correct… and please correct me if I am wrong…but I do believe you wanted me to make love to you completely on my birthday.” 
“Yes, that is true.  But, I wouldn’t do it when we would be late for breakfast with our family and friends.  I am more selective.” Lindsay said in her womanly tone “And if you want to take me up on that offer…”
He clamped his hand over her mouth and shook his head.  “I want to be married to you first.”
“Let’s go, we are late.” She said pulling him up from the bed.  She grabbed her cowboy hat as she walked past it in the living room.  He grabbed his and they walked to Dalton’s suite.  Sarah let them in after Nick knocked on the door.
“Good Morning all” Nick said as they entered.  Dalton had requested a big breakfast be sent to their room.  Nick and Lindsay moved to fill their plates and sit down at the table.  
The girls got caught up in a conversation so Nick motioned Dalton into the hall.  “I need to talk to you and David when we get home.”
“Oh, really?” Dalton replied knowingly
“Yes, just don’t mention it to your lovely wife she will tell Lindsay.”
Nick went to wash up after eating so it didn’t look suspicious to Lindsay.  Then they all went down the elevator to the limousine.  CeCe had already told Dalton where the ranch was and he had informed the driver.  
Nick was feeling a bit nervous the closer he got to the ranch.  Lindsay reached over and took his hand.  “Why are you nervous?”
“How did you know I was?” he asked
“I just did.  Why are you nervous?”
“I don’t know, this just seems like a big deal and that isn’t me.”
“Nick, this is just you and a horse.  Everyday work to you just ignore the rest, you will do a wonderful job as usual.”
“Thanks for reminding me of that.” He said raising her hand to kiss it.  “You are good for me.” And she nodded her agreement
They reached Colby’s ranch about an hour later.  Colby came out of the barn as the driver pulled the car close.  Everyone said their hellos and Colby led them to the barn.  “I have about ten horses here.  I have a trainer for some of them.  I am hoping to get some racing stock built up.”
Nick and Colby dissected that topics pros and cons as they walked to the stall where he kept the troubled horse.  Colby stopped at the door of the stall and handed Nick the rope they had picked up as they walked by the tack room.  “This is Lucky Joe.” Colby said as Nick accepted the rope.  
Lindsay and Dalton kept everyone back as they knew Nick would begin his work as soon as he got close to the horse.  
Nick quietly slid open the door and approached the horse.  Dalton motioned Colby back to where they were; knowing how Nick liked to work.  “He has a special method, just watch.”  
“Hi there fella.” Nick said softly as he approached the horse.  Lucky Joe stepped back as Nick touch his neck.  “Easy boy, I won’t hurt you.”  Nick slid his hands down the horse’s neck.  “We are going to go for a little walk, just you and me.” He said slipping the rope around the horse’s neck.  
Lucky Joe stepped back again but Nick held firm.  “Come on Lucky Joe, just going for a walk.”  Nick slid the door open and led the horse out.  Nick talked as he walked the horse to the corral.  One of Colby’s hands saw him coming and opened the gate then closed it as they entered.  
Dalton and the others walked slowly up closer but not close enough to distract the horse.  Nick kept up his talking as he patted Lucky Joe’s neck.  “You are a good boy” Nick said calmly as the horse shied away from him.  “Come here Lucky Joe.  I won’t hurt you.”  Lucky Joe kept trying to jerk his head lose from the rope and away from Nick but Nick kept his grip firm and the rope short so the horse had to feel his presence.  
Nick walked and talked to the horse as he touched him.  Lucky Joe did fine if Nick just talked to him but when he patted his neck the horse tried to shy away again.  “I won’t hurt you Lucky Joe.  I want you to learn with me.”  Nick kept up the patting on both sides of Lucky Joe’s neck and the horse finally relaxed a slight bit.  The horse’s back was the next thing Nick touched, the horse reared up and tried to jerk free but Nick kept his grip firm.  “Easy boy, I am not hurting you.” Again Nick repeated the pat on Lucky Joe’s back and the horse reared up again so Nick tried it again and again until the horse just jerked back several steps at Nick’s pat.  
Nick let that go for a while and just walked the horse around and talked while he patted the neck.  “You are a good boy.  I think you need to meet my girl.  She probably thinks you are a handsome devil.  Just remember she is my girl.” He said as he came closer to the gate
“Lindsay, come meet my new friend here.  He said he wanted to meet you.” Nick called quietly to her.  Lindsay opened the gate and then closed it behind her.  “Come over here and pat Lucky Joe on that side of the neck.”
“Hi Lucky Joe” Lindsay said as she patted his neck.  “You are a handsome fella.”
“See, I told you Lucky Joe.  I knew she would think you were handsome.  But she is my girl.” Nick spoke quietly to the horse.  
“Lindsay, will you put both hands on his neck and then gently slide one hand down to his back.  I have a good hold on him.  I want to see his reaction.” 
Lindsay did as instructed and Lucky Joe jerked but didn’t rear up.  So Nick had her do it again and Lucky Joe gave the same reaction.  “Good boy, that didn’t hurt did it?” Nick crooned to him  
“Okay, Lindsay, head towards the railing and climb up I want to see if he gets distracted.” Nick said
Lindsay walked to the railing and climbed up to sit down.  Lucky Joe followed her movements but Nick talked him back to focus on him.  “Thanks Lindsay”
Nick walked and talked to the horse for about an hour.  He walked him back to his stall and fed, watered and groomed him all the while still talking to him.  “Good bye Lucky Joe.” Nick called with a final pat to his neck.
Nick left the stall and rejoined the others.  Lindsay reached for his hand as he approached. 
“Nick, I have never seen anything like that.” Colby said reaching to pat him on the back.  “It usually takes two men to groom him and hold onto him as he rears up.”
“I think you were right about someone mistreating him.” Nick commented “I think it can be reversed with time and attention.”
“Will you take him on?” Colby asked  
“Let me check with David, if he says okay then you can bring him down to StageWest.”
Dalton interrupted Nick. “David knew about this surprise.  He said if you wanted to take on the horse it was fine and there was room in the barn for him.”
“Then I guess we have a new guest at StageWest.  Have him brought down whenever you want.  I will do my best.”
CeCe laughed “Your best?  That horse will bow down to you when you are finished.  He calmed so much in just the short time you worked with him.”
Nick nodded and Lindsay squeezed his hand.  He hated being the center of attention.  “Send his papers down with him; David may want to look them over.”
“Will do.  Thank you for taking him on.” He said moving to shake Nick’s hand.  Everyone wanted to see the rest of his pen so they all ventured back into the barn.  
Dalton was walking with Colby a ways behind the group.  “How did he learn that?”
“He didn’t, he was born that way.  When we were just little kids maybe six or seven, his dad was working in our barn with my father.  They were having some troubles with a horse and Nick walked right up to it and treated it the same way he just did yours.  My dad tried to shield him in case the horse got wild again but Nathan, his father, just watched and stopped my father from pulling Nick away.  The horse calmed down and our fathers got the medicine on him and bandaged his cuts.  Nick then led him back to his stall and talked to him for a long time.  That became Nick’s horse and Nick’s career was born.”
“Wow, he was something to watch.”
“He mentioned asking my brother about bringing your horse down.”
“Yes, are you sure your brother is fine with it?”
“David trusts Nick implicitly and would have said yes without us already clearing it with him.  And Nick is right; send his papers down and any other horses you might want David to look over.  He is always on the lookout for quality stock and he gives good advice on breeding.”
“Good advice?” Colby laughed “I know your brother’s reputation, good is a bit understated.” 
“Yes, I know but I didn’t know you knew that.” Dalton replied sheepishly
Dalton and Colby caught up to the rest of the group.  Lindsay was admiring a fine looking horse as Nick looked him over.  “He is beautiful Colby.” Lindsay replied as he approached
“I just got him.  His papers read like he will be a fine stud.”
“Fax his papers to David and we will run some statistics on him.  David might have some ideas for you.” Nick said exiting the stall.  “If you fax them soon enough and David has a chance to read them, he might tell you to bring him down with Lucky Joe.”
“When we go into the house for lunch you can look them over and fax them yourself.” Colby replied  “Do you all want to ride or eat?”
Eat then ride. Most everyone agreed so they all went to the house for lunch.  Colby retrieved the papers on his horses and handed them to Nick.  Nick looked over the bloodlines and recognized a few names.  He handed them to Lindsay and nodded that David would like to see these.  Colby directed her to the fax machine while Nick stepped out to call David.
“Hey Nick, how was the surprise?” David said in greeting
“Great.  We are at Colby’s house now.  The horse looks salvageable.  He also had a fine quality stud that I think you should see.  Lindsay is faxing you the paperwork on all his horses right now.  If you can look them over and let me know if you want to see any of them, Colby can send them down with Lucky Joe.”
“I have time to look them over, I’ll call you later.”
“Thanks David.” Nick said as he hung up.  
Everyone sat down to a lovely lunch and fun conversation.  Colby entertained them with stories from his and CeCe’s childhood.  “We were pretty close.  Our parents shipped us back and forth between houses as they worked on movie sets.”
After lunch, Colby took Dalton, Nick and Greg out on a ride.  Sarah and CeCe couldn’t ride and Lindsay chose to stay with them.  They camped out in the shade by the pool and misting system.  Colby’s housekeeper kept them supplied with cool drinks.
“So, Lindsay, tell us how things are with you and Nick.  When Sarah told me about you two, I was surprised.” CeCe stated with her wicked sense of humor
“Things are just fine with Nick and I.” Lindsay returned calmly
“Fine?” CeCe inquired “Nick is a handsome cowboy, fine can’t be the right word.”
“Okay, fine is understated.  Fabulous would be a better word.”
“I would say so girlfriend.  He melts my shoes and I am a married woman.  If he treats you the way he treats those horses, you must end up as a puddle of goo.”
“I am not answering that.” Lindsay stated as her face turned bright red.
“You don’t have to sister, your face just did it for you.” Sarah said gently  “I am so happy for you Lindsay; Nick is a wonderful guy.”
“I am very happy with him.  It took a long time but we finally found each other as more than friends.”
“So when is the wedding?” CeCe asked
“We aren’t engaged yet.  He says we need more time.  I don’t care, as long as we are happy I can wait.”
“You glow with happiness Lindsay.” CeCe said  “And he does too if you look close.  Just like Greg and just like Dalton.  We are three very lucky ladies.” 
“Yes we are.” replied Sarah and Lindsay as they toasted each other.  
Lindsay’s phone rang a few minutes later.  “Hi David”
“Hey kid”
“Did the fax come through?”
“Yes, is Nick around?  He didn’t answer his cell phone.”
“They are out riding, he is probably out of range.”
“Probably.  Anyway can you give him a message?”
“Sure.”
“I just faxed back a couple of scenarios, have Nick look at them and call me back.  If he sees what I see, there are some possibilities there for Colby and us.”
“Okay, I will.  I see them headed back now.  I will give him the message.”
“Thanks, talk to you soon.”
“Good news?” Sarah asked as Lindsay shut her phone
“Maybe.  David sent a fax back; I am going to get the housekeeper to get it for me.”
“Colby won’t mind, just go get it.” CeCe broke in
“Are you sure?”
“I’m positive.” 
Lindsay walked into Colby’s office where the fax machine was and picked up David’s fax.  She read it and then walked down to the barn.  She arrived about the same time as the guys did.  She took Nick’s horse from him and handed him the papers and gave him David’s message.  “I’ll take care of him.  Why don’t you go read those?” Lindsay stated walking away with the horse.  One of Colby’s hands came and took the horse away and removed the saddle.  
Dalton, Greg, Colby and Lindsay walked back to where Sarah and CeCe were sitting.  They all moved back to the house for more refreshments.  Nick was sitting out by the barn reading through David’s scenarios.  
Nick picked up his phone and punched the number for David.
“Hey” David said in greeting “You were right.  That stud could help him and maybe us.”
“You want me to talk to Colby and show him the possibilities.”
“Yes, then have him send down the ones I indicated.  I can have them picked up if he wants.  I don’t know his operation so you tell me.”
“I’ll ask.  Thanks for this David.  I knew that horse was something.”
“Then you didn’t need me.  I trust your judgment.  You can read them better than me.  I have software to help, you have instinct.”
“Thanks.  Hey, I already told Dalton but I need to talk to you two when we get home without Lindsay knowing about it.”
“About time.” David said
“It has only been a little while, don’t start with me.”
“Uhhuh.”
“Bye, talk to you tomorrow.”
Nick hung up and went to find the rest of the crowd.  
Nick found them in the living room and asked to speak to Lindsay and Dalton.  “David wants me to talk to Colby, should it be one of you instead?”
“No.” Dalton replied as Lindsay shook her head no also
“Okay, I just wanted to be sure.” 
“I’ll stay with you if you want, but this is your show and David wants you to do it.” Lindsay said holding his hand.
“Thanks, I appreciate the support.” Nick replied squeezing her hand
“I’ll send him out here.” Dalton stated as he went back to the living room.
“Colby, Nick would like to talk to you about what he and David found.”
“Sure, send him in here.  I don’t have any problem with everyone hearing it.”
Dalton went to get them.  “He said you could tell everyone all at once.”
Nick and Lindsay returned with Dalton.  Nick had the papers in his hand as he started to discuss the possibilities with Colby.  Colby listened and decided to send the horses David requested to StageWest.  
“Colby, David will look over the horses and re-run the statistics and possibles with some fine tuning for what he sees.  Then he will contact you and then you can negotiate some contracts.” Lindsay filled in some specifics.  “If you want to come to StageWest for that you are more than welcome.  Or if we need to contact you here or on the road, we can work that out as well.”
Colby nodded and was impressed by the Matthews operation.  
Nick spoke up again, “We can arrange for the horses to be transported to StageWest if you would like?”
“Yes, that would be easier for me.” Colby stated
“I’ll call David and have him start the arrangements.” Lindsay stated moving from the room.  “Do you have any preferences of pick up times?”
“No, it is up David.” Colby answered “I am home for the next few months.  I have to heal my voice a while.”
Lindsay called up David and he said he would make the arrangements and fax Colby the specifics.
Lindsay re-entered the room and told Colby to be expecting a fax about the arrangements.  
“Come to Phoenix and stay with us Colby?” CeCe urged “We are home for a few more weeks too; then you can travel to StageWest to see their operations.”
“That would be fun.  I can come in about a week and a half.”
“Perfect” CeCe replied
“And come to StageWest whenever you want.  You all are more than welcome.” Dalton invited 
They all talked for a little while longer and then moved to the limousine to head back to the hotel.  “See you soon Colby.” CeCe said as she hugged him
“Thank you all for coming.  Thanks Nick for looking at Lucky Joe and the rest of my herd.”
“You are welcome.  See you soon.” Nick said shaking his hand.
The limousine pulled away and Dalton turned to Nick.  “Impressive job my friend.” 
“Thanks.  Lucky Joe should turn out alright.”
“Oh, I was talking about the stud.  You found him and let your instincts work again.”
“He was something to look at.” Nick agreed  
“You were something to look at.” Greg stated unexpectedly “Watching you work with Lucky Joe was a sight to see.  How about doing that in front of a camera?”
“No” Nick stated firmly “Not in this lifetime.”
“Yes.” CeCe replied catching her husband’s train of thought. “You would be great at it.”
“Yes.” Sarah agreed with enthusiasm “That is a great idea Nick.”
“No it isn’t” Nick disagreed “I am not a camera person and the horse wouldn’t like it either.”
“But ..” Sarah started to refute him
“No.”  Nick repeated firmly.  “It isn’t anything special anyway; no one wants to watch it.”
“I disagree” Greg stated “But I respect your decision.”
“Thank you.  It is just my job, nothing special.” Nick repeated
Lindsay gripped his hand for support and changed the subject.  Nick was glad to have the topic of conversation moved off of him.  Me? In front of a camera?
Nick was quiet the remainder of the ride to the hotel and up in the elevator.  
Dalton told Nick and Lindsay to come over in about an hour for dinner.  They agreed and went to their suite.  Nick hung his hat on the chair and sat down hard on the sofa.  He laid back on the sofa and took a deep breath.
“What’s wrong?” Lindsay asked as she sat on the coffee table in front of him.  She reached out and put her hands on his knees.  Nick reached down and covered her hands.  
“Thank you for your help today.  We made a good team.”
“You are welcome.  Now, tell me what is wrong?”
“How I handle a horse is nothing special and it certainly isn’t camera material.”
“Nick” Lindsay stated sitting on his lap and forcing him to look at her. “I can and will tell you until we are old and gray that it is something special.  You have a wonderful gift.  Horses respond to you and all of us can see that.”
“So, it isn’t anything…” 
Lindsay clamped her hand over his mouth “Yes it is.  Now, tell me what David said.”
“You heard most of it.”
“And?”
“He said that I didn’t need him, I had instinct to go on.  Isn’t that crazy?”
“No, it isn’t.  David sees your gift and instinct even better than those of there today.  Your father sees it and is very proud of you.  You remind him of his father.  That is special.”
“Can we please talk about something else?” Nick asked “Or maybe not talk at all” he said moving his lips closer to hers.  Lindsay smiled and lowered her head to his.  “I love you” he said as he broke their kiss a few minutes later.  
“I love you” Lindsay replied
They went to shower and change clothes then headed to Dalton’s suite for a night of fun with their friends and family.  


Chapter 16

Monday evening Lindsay had a meeting in town so Nick used it as his opportunity to talk to his family.  He asked David and Dalton to the den so he could talk to them.
Nick was a little nervous so he had to pace the room for a few minutes.  David and Dalton were waiting patiently but barely hiding their smiles.
Nick finally paused and sat in the seat across from them.  “I love your sister very much.  I want to spend the rest of my life with her.  Do I have your permission and blessing to marry her?
“Nick, Lindsay is a grown woman.  You do not need our permission to marry her.” David stated “But you do have our blessing.”
Dalton nodded his agreement “I have watched you two the last few weeks and the change in my sister is amazing.  I hadn’t paid enough attention to her the last few months maybe years and she about wasted away on us.  Now that we know the reason, we are so glad for the change.  I would say welcome to our family but we have been family for years.”
“I am so sorry I hurt Lindsay all those years.  I will do everything in my power to make her happy for the rest of our lives.”
“We know that Nick.” David replied “So when are you proposing?”
“Well, I have a fabulous plan for that, but I need everyone’s help so let’s go talk to Sarah, Mama and Dad.”
Everyone gathered in the living room so Nick could lay out his plan.  The plan was dissected and discussed and revised until it was perfect and everyone knew their role and that is was a surprise for Lindsay.


Early the next morning, Nick slipped into Lindsay’s room while she was still sleeping.  He crept closer to the bed and knelt beside it.  She was sleeping on her side with her hand tucked under the pillow and her arms cuddling the bear he had given her after her attack.  
Nick thought back over the last many weeks.  We have come so far my love.  We fought our way through the pain and discovered our feelings matched.  We survived our injuries and grew closer together.  Your love for me has made my heart so full that I can’t keep it all inside.  
I love your face and that body.  I love your soul and your kindness.  My life is so much better because of you.  I can do my work better, I can love others more.  I want to be the man you love forever.
Nick leaned over and gently kissed Lindsay’s forehead.  She startled awake and was surprised to see him kneeling beside her bed.
“Nick?”
“Hi, sweetheart.  I’m sorry to wake you up.”
“Is something wrong?”
“No, will you go for a ride with me and watch the sun come up?”
“Yes, what time is it?”
“Early about 4:00.”
“AM?”
“Yes.  I guess you usually don’t get up this early.”
“No, but you do?”
“Sometimes, I couldn’t sleep this morning and decided to see if you would go for a ride with me.”
“Give me a few minutes to get dressed and wake up.” Lindsay said moving the covers aside to swing her legs off of the bed.  She leaned forward to give Nick a kiss.  “Good morning!”
Nick laughed gently at her “It is now.”
Lindsay scrambled off the bed and moved to the bathroom to brush her teeth and comb her hair.  Then she padded across the floor to her dressing room and got dressed.  She almost felt awake when she walked out carrying her boots.  
Nick was quietly watching her.  He was humbled that she wanted to be up this early with him.  
“You are quiet today, are you okay?” Lindsay asked
Nick nodded
“You can tell me if something is wrong.” Lindsay stated trying to decipher his mood.
“Nothing’s wrong.  I am just happy you were willing to get up this early to be with me.”
Lindsay finished pulling on her boots and stood up.  She grabbed his hands and pulled him to his feet.  “Nick, I will be with you anytime and anyplace.  I am glad you came to ask me.” She said rising up on her toes to kiss him.
Nick wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground and they kissed for many long minutes.  He eventually lowered her back to the floor and placed his forehead on hers.  “Thank you.”
Lindsay smiled sweetly at him and grabbed his hand “Come on.  If I am up, I want to see the sunrise with my love.”
Nick and Lindsay walked to the barn and then Lindsay started to walk to get her tack from the tack room.  “Ride with me on Spade.” He said pulling her with him.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I have dreamed of this for weeks.”
Lindsay moved along with Nick and found Spade already out of his stall and tied to the railing outside the barn.  
“Bareback?” Lindsay asked
“Trust me?” Nick asked in return
“Forever and Always” she answered
Nick untied Spade and positioned him and swung up on him.  Then he held out his foot as a stirrup for Lindsay and his arm for her to grab onto.  Lindsay climbed up behind him and wrapped her arms around him.  “Impressive” she told him admiring how he swung up there without help.
“That was my plan… to impress you.” Nick laughed and commanded the horse forward
“I like this riding together stuff.  I can hold onto to you to my heart’s content.”  Lindsay stated a few moments into the ride.
“That was my plan too.” Nick said smugly. 
They rode enjoying the cool early morning to the best view of the eastern sky.  Nick helped Lindsay get down the same way she got up and then he swung his leg over and got down.  He tied Spade off so he could graze some and then walked to where Lindsay was and took her hand in his.  
They walked a few feet away and then Nick sat down and patted the space between his legs for Lindsay to sit down.  He wrapped his arms around her and held her close.  
“Nick, you are more quiet than usual this morning.  Are you sure nothing is wrong?”
“I am positive.  I am just enjoying the time with you.  I had a great last week and a great but unusual weekend and I am just a little overwhelmed is all.  But I needed to be with you.”
“I am glad you feel that way about me.” Lindsay said softly and a little tearful
“I didn’t mean to make you cry.” He said apologizing
“I cry when I am happy remember.”
“Yes” he replied softly  
They didn’t talk much but enjoyed their time together.  Lindsay’s hand was resting on Nick’s leg so he laid his hand over it and began to caress it.  Lindsay laid her had back on Nick’s chest and sighed in pleasure and contentment.  “Why does that string me up so high?” she asked a few minutes later.
“I don’t know, but I love doing that to you.  I want you so high with me that we could fly.  We will fly when I have the pleasure to make love to you.”  Lindsay lay in his arms as the beautiful sunset kissed her face.  They didn’t talk just watched.  It was going to be an amazing day.
“This was a wonderful idea, Nick.  I am glad you woke me up to go with you.”
“Are you ready to head back for breakfast?”
“No, but yes.”
“That was very decisive.” He laughed
“I’m hungry but I like this time with you.”
“Come on goofy girl.” He said easing her forward so he could get up.  He reached for her hand and pulled her up and went to get his horse.  Lindsay walked to where Nick was.
They rode in silence for a while.  “What is on your schedule for today, babe?” Nick asked
“Not much.  I am caught up and I am going to spend the day by the pool.”
“You were taking today off?” Nick asked twisting to look at her 
“Yes, I was.”
“And I woke you up at four am to see the sunrise.  I’m sorry.  You were probably planning to sleep in weren’t you?”
“Nick, I loved this time with you.  I want to spend time with you even at four am on my day off.” 
“I am still sorry I woke you up.”
“Don’t be.  I’m not.” She said as she hugged in closer to him “I am not sorry at all.  I hope you always want to spend time with me no matter what time of day it is.”
Nick was awed by her love for him.  She wanted to spend time with him.  He took one of her hands in his and kissed her palm and moved it to lie over his heart.  
They were comfortable with the silence as they rode in from the range to the barn.  Nick helped Lindsay down and the slid off himself.  Lindsay helped him feed and groom Spade.  “You are a good boy.” She said patting his neck.  They washed up on the tack room and went to the kitchen for breakfast.
David, Dalton, Sarah, Gabby and Nathan were all eating breakfast when they walked in.  “Good morning everyone.” Lindsay called as they entered
“Where have you guys been?” Sarah asked
“We were watching the sunrise.” replied Lindsay  “It was beautiful today.”
Nick and Lindsay went to fill their plates.  Everyone at the table had to hide their smiles. 
“Hey Sarah, are you working today?” Lindsay asked as she sat down beside her
“Some, why?”
“I am taking the day off; do you want to hang out by the pool with me?”
“Great idea.  I’ll work for a few hours then I will join you.”
Everyone finished their breakfast and went to their day’s activities.  Lindsay checked her email and voice mail to deal with any ranch business.  She had emails from Scott and Katie so she answered those. Then she decided to wander down to the barn to see Brandy.
Lindsay was grooming Brandy when she heard some of the ranch hands talking about Nick working in the other barn.  She decided to walk that way and watch him.  
Nick was working with a new horse when she came in.  He was a distance from her so she could observe him unnoticed.  David walked up beside her. “You can move closer.” He told her quietly but Lindsay shook her head.  
“Then will you go for a walk with me?” David asked
“Okay.”
David and Lindsay walked towards the pool patio area.  David sat down under the umbrella and Lindsay joined him.
“Is something wrong?” Lindsay asked
“Are you happy, Lindsay?”
“Yes, why do you ask?”
“Well, you are my sister but more than that you were wasting away in front of our eyes and no one saw it.  I feel bad that I wasn’t watching you and that when you asked for time off I wasn’t really listening to you.”
“I am okay now.  Yes, at the time I wanted away from StageWest desperately bad.  I felt like I was dying inside.  I was trying to find an explanation that you would take so I could move far away.”
“Why didn’t you tell me the truth?”
“I couldn’t.  I would not risk Nick’s job or his family.  I didn’t know any other way than to try to escape.  I love Nick and I wouldn’t hurt him like that.”
“Nick doesn’t deserve you but he better treat you right.”
“He does big brother.  He always treats me very special.”
“Do you plan to marry him?”
“Yes.”
“Has he proposed?”
“Not officially.  He wants to wait and I don’t care.  I love him today, tomorrow and for the rest of our lives.”
Dalton came up on them about this time and asked if he could join them.  David nodded and he sat down.  “Are you two up to something?” Lindsay asked
“Sort of.” replied Dalton
“What?”
David began to tell her their plan.  “Nick has done a great deal for StageWest.  He helps me tremendously and we think it is time for his participation to be more official.”
“And what exactly does that mean?”
“We are going to offer Nick his own portion of the business of StageWest.  We are going to expand the operations to include more of Nick’s skills to retrain horses.  He will be in charge of the operating aspects but we don’t think he will want to do the “business” portion like taxes and such.  We will include it under the umbrella of Matthews International so that the finances and stuff can flow through there.”
“What brought this about?”
“David and I had talked about it for some time.  We didn’t get around to the details before you and he became involved.  Nick believes that David needs to approve everything that he does, for example bringing Colby Randall’s horse here.  This will be his operation to run as he chooses; he will have ninety percent of the stock and the head corporation will have the other ten percent so we can legally help him with financial matters.  We hope he will still have time for helping David with the breeding program.  We are also going to add a third barn/training facility for him to use.”
“When are you going to talk to him about this?” Lindsay asked amazed at her brothers.
David fielded that question “As soon as we told you, we are going to go to my office and bring him in.  We want you to be there.” 
Lindsay nodded 
“Do you have any questions?”
“No, I am stunned and so very thankful to you both.”
“We are the ones that are thankful to Nick and we want to show him that.” Dalton replied
“Lindsay will you walk over to the other barn and see if he is at a stopping point?” David asked as they reached his office
“I’ll be right back.” Lindsay said walking away.
David and Dalton entered the office and David pulled out the paperwork for Nick to look over.
Lindsay walked into the other barn and found Nick just finishing with the horse she had seen earlier.
“Nick?” 
“Hi.  What are you doing here?”
“Can you come with me for a few minutes?” 
“Sure.” He answered a little puzzled reaching for her hand
Lindsay led Nick into David’s office.  “Is there a problem?” Nick asked worriedly
“No. Sit down.  David and Dalton have something to talk to you about.” Lindsay reassured him
David looked at Dalton to start the explanation.  “Nick, about eight or nine months ago, David and I began to discuss your participation at StageWest.  We didn’t act very quickly on it due to personal issues.” Dalton paused at David’s glare “Okay, I was busy with a personal life with Sarah” Dalton spit out and everyone laughed.
“Anyway, we want to make your involvement at StageWest more official and beneficial to you.”
“Okay” Nick drawled slowly glancing at Lindsay.  Lindsay took his hand in hers
“We are going to build a third barn/training facility that we want you to use for your own business of retraining horses.  You will be in charge of the operating of this business 100%.  You can bring whatever horses you want and it will be yours.  So that Matthews International can help you with funding, financial matters and doing the bookkeeping, Matthews will hold ten percent of the business and you will have the remaining ninety percent.  We didn’t think you would want to do book work, just work with the horses.”
“I am not a business person.”
“We knew that.” Dalton commented “My staff will be at your disposal to help you get set up.  The first order of business is to design your new facility.  We have some papers for you to look over and review with an attorney.  If you agree to this, it is effective immediately.”
“What about my work with the breeding program?”
“We hope that will continue also.  But how you divide your time is up to you.” David answered handing him the paperwork to review with an attorney.
“I am stunned at your generosity.  I wasn’t expecting this.”
“We knew that too.”  Dalton answered “Nick, you have helped make StageWest’s breeding programs the best in the country.  You have a gift with horses that has improved the reputation of this ranch.  In a large part, we are more successful because of you.  We want you to know that we appreciate everything you have given to this ranch.”
“Do my folks know about this?”
“No one at the ranch besides David and I knew about this before a couple of hours ago.”
“You didn’t know either?” Nick asked Lindsay
“No, I was as surprised as you are.  They told me about thirty minutes before they told you.”
Nick looked at all the Matthews “Thank you is not big enough for this.  I hope I live up to your expectations.”
“Nick, you already have that is why we did this.” Dalton explained again
Nick nodded and Lindsay gripped his hand tightly. 
“We have one more thing to discuss with everyone so let’s get your Dad and everyone head up to the house.” Dalton said heading for the door.  Dalton called Sarah to have her come to the main house.
“Dad?” Nick called
“Yeah, over here.” Nathan responded
“David and Dalton want us to go the main house for something.”
“Okay, I’ll wash up and be right there.”
“Do you know what this is about?” Nick asked Lindsay
“No.  They have secrets I don’t know about.  I am so happy for you Nick.  Is this something you want to do?”
“Yes, but I am happy with what I was doing too.”
“They know that.  They just want you to know that you don’t have to ask their permission to bring a horse here or train it around their schedule.  Your time is your own now.”
“I am still stunned.  I guess I need to find an attorney.”
“Ask Sarah.  The ones she knows would not be associated with Matthews if that is what you are worried about.”
“I am not worried about anything.  I really don’t even need an attorney; I would sign it right now.”
“Get one anyway.  It can’t hurt.”
Nick walked into the house and went looking for his Mama.  “Mama?”
“Upstairs.” Gabby answered so Nick bounded up the stairs to talk to her
“Can you come down to the den?  David and Dalton want to talk to you.”
“Sure, what about?”
“I have no idea.” Nick replied “Dad is on his way too.”
David, Dalton, Sarah, Nick, Lindsay and Gabby were in the den when Nathan came in.  
David looked to Dalton again to make the explanations.  “Gabby and Nathan, David and I began to discuss some new ideas about StageWest and Matthews International about eight months ago.  One of those changes we just told Nick about a few minutes ago.  We are going to build a third barn/training facility for Nick to use in his new business of training horses.  He will be sole operating officer of whatever he calls his business.  Matthews International will hold a minority interest to help with financing and whatever.”
Gabby looked at her son. “Wow!” 
“That is an understatement Mama.” Nick replied still trying to comprehend everything that has happened.
“Congratulations Nick” Nathan said proudly
“Thanks Dad.”
“The other decisions regarding Matthew International and StageWest involve Sarah, Gabby and Nathan.”
“They do?” questioned Sarah
“Yes, this plan has been revised some in recent months but it is to build a facility in honor of Gabby and Nathan that will house either runaway teens, abused women, orphaned children or a medical facility.  The choice will be up to Gabby and Nathan.  We would like Sarah to be the chairman of the board and organize it along with Gabby and Nathan.”
“Why?” asked Nathan
“We want to honor your years of service here and love to all of us.  You and Gabby have given us everything and we want to give you something in your honor.”
“We don’t know anything about that type of stuff.” Gabby replied tearfully
“I do.” Sarah said “It is a wonderful idea.  We can discuss your favorite charitable causes and set up an organization to help.”
“Thanks Sarah.” Gabby replied
“There is more.” Dalton interrupted  “Gabby and Nathan we want to you go on living here at StageWest forever.  We are giving you an additional percentage of the ranch and when you are ready to retire, we will build you a house so that you can remain here forever if that is what you choose.  If you choose to retire to somewhere else, then that is where your house will be built.” Dalton said handing the paperwork to Nathan
Gabby grabbed Nathan’s hand as the tears streamed down her face.  Lindsay got up from her chair and when to kneel in front of Gabby and Nathan.  She placed her hand on their joined hands “We love you all so much.  We want you to know that.”
Gabby couldn’t speak so she nodded.  Nick then moved to kneel next to Lindsay.  “Are you okay Mama?”
“Yes, baby.  I am just overwhelmed.”
“This seems to be the day for that.” Nick said looking at Dalton and David.  
Nathan stood up from his chair and went to shake David and Dalton’s hand.  “Thank you.  We are blessed to be a part of the Matthews’ family.”
“We are blessed by you too.” Sarah replied for David and Dalton as she rose from the couch to hug Nathan and Gabby.  “There is no one who has ever come to this ranch that you two haven’t touched in some way.  I am a perfect example of that.” 
“Now..” David interrupted the tears and good wishes. “Everyone has the rest of the day off and then meet back here at five all dressed up in your fancy clothes.  We are going out to celebrate.”
The meeting apparently was adjourned only no one left.  Nick snagged Sarah and dragged her to the kitchen.
“Easy there cowboy.  Remember me, has a problem with balance.”
“Sorry, I forgot.”
“It’s okay.  What’s up?”
“Lindsay suggested you might have some attorney that you could contact so they could look over this paperwork.”
“Sure.  I have some names in my computer.  Do you want me to contact them?”
“Yes, please set up an initial meeting with whoever you think would be best.”
“I will.  I am so happy for you Nick.”
“Thanks, I am still processing all of this.”
“Me too.  And your parents will be too.”
“And…” Sarah whispered “a wedding on top of all this.”
“Shh!” 
“Relax, she isn’t suspecting anything.”
“If she does, I am hunting you down!” Nick growled with mock anger
“You wish, cowboy.  Dalton will string you up from the tallest tree.”
Nick pulled her into his arms for a hug.  “I am glad you came home Sarah.”
“Me too.”
“Hey that is my girl, go get your own!” Dalton growled as he entered the kitchen 
Nick and Sarah laughed and broke apart.  “I am.” Nick said as he passed Dalton.  “Thanks for everything Dalton.”
“You are welcome, Nick.”
Sarah walked over to Dalton and hugged him.  “You guys did a good thing today.  Nick, Gabby, Nathan…I think you overwhelmed them.”
“Probably, but it was long overdue.” Dalton said leading her back to the family in the den
The family hung around and talked for most of the rest of the day until they all moved to get dressed for their celebration.  Everyone but Lindsay knew that this wasn’t going to be their only celebration dinner this week.



Lindsay was working in her office the Friday after all the changes had happened when someone knocked on her door.  “Come in” she stated without looking up from her work
“Hi Lindsay.  We came to surprise you.” Two little voices said in mostly unison
“Scott, Katie, what are you doing here?” she said getting up from her chair to catch them as they ran to her for a hug
“We came to visit you and ride horses.” Scott said 
Nick, David and their parents were walking into the office following the children. “I am so glad to see you.  No one told me you were coming.” She said giving Nick a look 
“Well, it wouldn’t have been a surprise for you if I had told you.” Nick said grinning at her slyly
The kids went back to Nick and Lindsay moved to greet their parents.  “I am glad to see you.”
“It was fun to surprise you like we surprised Nick on his birthday.” Deena, Scott’s mom commented laughing  “I think this makes you two even now doesn’t it?”
“Yes.” Lindsay replied
“No” Nick replied
“Why not?” Lindsay asked Nick
“Because I said so.” Nick replied smugly knowing she would argue with him
“We will discuss this later. Alone.”
“Come on Nick, we want to ride.” Scott said pulling at Nick’s hand 
“Ok, let’s go.” Nick replied letting himself be pulled towards the door
“Lindsay, come on.” Katie pulled at Lindsay’s hand “Nick said you would show us your horse.”
“Okay, let’s go.” Lindsay let herself be pulled towards the door.
Scott and Katie pulled Nick and Lindsay all the way to the barn.  David was talking to their parents as he also led them to the barn.  
“When did you set all this up?” Lindsay whispered to Nick
“I will tell you later.  I promise.”  Nick said as he kissed her cheek.  “Will you saddle Brandy?”
Lindsay and Nick walked the kids through the barn so they could look at all the horses stabled there.  Nick’s horse Spade was leaning over the door nudging Scott’s hat as David and the parents caught up to them.  “Scott is Spade trying to eat your hat?” asked David
“Yes, he keeps knocking it off.” Scott said as he picked it up off the floor again.
“Maybe he is hungry and your hat looked good to him.” David winked at him
“He can’t eat hats, he has to eat horse food.” Scott said 
Nick got a bucket of food and let Scott and Katie feed Spade.  Lindsay had walked down to Brandy’s stall and got her saddled for their ride.  Katie got sidetracked from feeding Spade and went running to Lindsay.  “Is this your horse?”
“Yes, her name is Brandy.” Lindsay said as Katie got closer
“She is so pretty.” Katie said in awe
“Yes, she is.  She is really nice too.  Want to pet her?”
Katie nodded so Lindsay tugged on the bridle a little until Brandy lowered her head to Katie’s level.  “Brandy say hi to Katie”  Brandy nudged Katie a little bit hard and Katie nearly fell over  
Lindsay rushed to catch Katie “I’m sorry, are you okay?” she said worriedly
Katie was laughing “She likes me.”
Lindsay let go of her worry.  “Of course she does, she likes all Nick’s girlfriends”
“Are you Nick’s girlfriend too?”
“Yes, is that okay with you?”
“Sure, I like you too.”
“Thank you.” Lindsay said taking Katie’s hand and leading the horse back to Nick.  
“Cool horse, Lindsay” 
“Thanks, Scott.”
“Are you guys ready to ride?” Nick asked
“Yes!” Scott replied “Is Katie going first again?”
“Well, not exactly.” Nick answered “Lindsay and I are going to walk beside you as you each ride our horses.  First time, Katie can ride Brandy and Scott can ride Spade and then we will switch.”
“Yes!” Scott pumped his fist in the air 
“You guys go with Lindsay to the corral, I’ll be right there.”
“Come on.” Lindsay said leading the way to the corral to wait on Nick.
Lindsay told the kids to stay with David and their parents while she went on into the corral.  She opened the gate and closed it behind her.  She mounted up and rode around the arena to exercise Brandy.  Nick brought Spade in and did the same thing.  Nathan walked up to join the crowd at the gate and was introduced to the Dowd’s and the Jones’.  
When Nick and Lindsay were done exercising their horses, they wandered back to the gate.  Nick asked David and his father to bring the kids in while he and Lindsay held the horses.
Nathan brought Katie to Lindsay and held the horse while Lindsay lifted her onto the horse.  David brought Scott to Spade and lifted him up.  “Okay, Scott and Katie.  Hold on to the pommel and we will lead the horses.  David and my dad are going to walk on the other side of you also.  Ready?”
They both nodded and Nick told Lindsay to head out and they would follow.  They group walked around and around in the corral and then switched kids on the horses.  Spade was so big, Katie’s legs didn’t hang down very far so Nick was extra cautious with her.  
After their rides, Nick helped them walk the horses to the hitching rail outside the barn.  They would go for a group ride after everyone who wanted a ride got saddled up.  Only the fathers wanted to go, so Nick and Nathan went to get two more horses.  David saddled his and joined the riding party.  
Katie rode with Lindsay who led the group to the creek and Scott wanted to run the whole way there but since he rode with Nick it didn’t happen.  They stayed a few minutes at the creek and then headed back to the ranch.  
As the group tramped into the house, Gabby came to greet them and directed Nick where to take their luggage.
“How did you all get here?” Lindsay asked Deena.  
“Your plane.  Nick and Dalton arranged it.”
“It is wonderful to see you all.  I was so surprised when they came running into my office.”
“Well, Nick wanted to celebrate the kid’s good checkups so he arranged for us to come for the weekend.  We are all going out for a fancy dress up dinner tonight.”
“We are?” asked Lindsay looking at Nick
“Yes, it is a surprise for you to see them and go out to dinner at the Chambers Hotel.”
“Wow, I am surprised.” grabbing Nick’s arm to drag him to the office “We will be right back.”
Lindsay and Nick entered her office and Lindsay shut the door.  “Thank you for my surprise.  That was sweet of you and so nice of you to think of them.” She said as she kissed him.  “It is a good thing Sarah and I went shopping yesterday.  She happened to be in on your plan so she directed me to the fancy dresses, didn’t she?”
“Guilty, I am afraid.  You don’t mind do you?”
“No.” she said opening the door to go back to their guests.  Only no one was in the living room anymore.  David was just exiting after receiving a phone call.  “Go change we are leaving soon.”
Nick kissed Lindsay and told her he would be right back after he changed.
Lindsay went to her room and showered.  She was still in her robe when someone knocked on her door.  “Come in Nick.” She called out
“How did you know it was me?” he asked entering
“Because I am always about this point in my dressing when you arrive back here.”
“I plan it that way so I can watch you get dressed.”
“I figured you did.” Lindsay said walking around him admiring his suit.  “You look very handsome!  I like this suit.”
“Thanks, now let’s see what is under that robe today.” He said reaching for the ties.  Lindsay let the robe fall to the floor after Nick untied it.  “I like this part of your outfit, now go put on the rest so I can admire it too.”
Lindsay laughed and moved to the dressing room.  “By-the-way, Lindsay, I love your taste in lingerie.” Nick commented as he followed her.
“Go sit down out there, you are making me nervous.” Lindsay said shooing him out.
Nick left but wondered “Why are you nervous?”
“I want you to like my new dress.”
“I’m very sure I will.  I like your taste in clothes.”
Lindsay stepped into the dress and pulled it up.  She grabbed her shoes and stepped out of the room.  
“Yes, I do like that dress.”  The dress was a navy blue short dress with spaghetti straps that crisscrossed in the back and had a low-cut square neckline.  There was a pattern of roses carefully embroidered in the material.  The roses only showed up in the right lighting.  “You look beautiful, sweetheart.”
“Thank you.  Are we ready to go?”
Nick nodded and opened her door.  Everyone else was in the living room waiting on them.  Scott and Katie ran to grab Nick’s hands as he walked in.  “You guys look awesome.” Nick said to them.  “Are you ready to go?”
The limousines were waiting outside as they all left the house.  They divided up and got into the cars and started the journey to the hotel.  The drivers had been instructed to pull into the underground parking so they could take the private elevator to the top floor.  The private dining room upstairs would be their destination.  
Nick made sure that he and Lindsay were the last ones to reach the room.  The hotel staff had decorated the room according to his instructions.  Everyone walked in and found a place to sit down.  Lindsay noticed that Greg and CeCe Davis were there also along with Nick’s brothers Travis and Colin.  “Hi Greg and CeCe.  It is good to see you again.”
Nick took Lindsay by the hand and led her over to stand next to two bouquets of red roses.  Nick reached into his pocket and pulled out a box as he knelt down in front of Lindsay.  He opened the box and held it for her to see “Lindsay Matthews, I love you so much.  You have made me so happy the last few months and I want that to continue for the rest of my life.  Would you honor me by becoming my wife?”
Lindsay was crying as she spoke to him.  “I would be honored to be your wife.  I love you so much, Nick Cates.” Nick placed the ring on her hand and stood up to kiss her as the crowd erupted in applause.  Nick picked her up and kissed her again.  He had arranged for a photographer to be there and thankfully Lindsay hadn’t seen him until he started taking pictures after Nick had started the proposal.  
“I love you, Lindsay!” Nick whispered to her as he sat her down again.  “I love you Nick!” she whispered back as they stepped apart to accept the well wishes of their family and friends.  
“You all were in on this weren’t you?” Lindsay said to everyone in general.  
“Yes” replied Dalton “we all had our part to play.”
Gabby stepped up to hug her son and then her new daughter.  “You are so special to me.  I love that you love my son.”
“I love you Mama.” Lindsay replied crying again
Nathan was right behind Gabby with a hug for his son and new daughter.  After everyone had hugged and greeted them again, Nick drew Lindsay over to the suite across the hall.  
“Nick, where did you get this ring?” she asked looking at the ring really well for the first time
“That ring set is my great-grandmother’s wedding ring set.  Mama gave it to me to give to my bride.  She said you could change the setting and use the diamond in the new ring.”
“No way.  It is beautiful just like it is.”
“That is what I told her you would say.” He said as he kissed her gently “I have one more thing for you.”
“Oh man, I am flying already.  What is it?”
“Turn around and lift your hair.” He said reaching into his pocket again.  Lindsay did as instructed and Nick fastened a necklace around her.  He moved her to the mirror in the entryway so she could see it.  The necklace was a heart shaped locket with a diamond.  “It is beautiful.” She said turning to hug and kiss him.  “Thank you.  I love you and I can’t stop shaking.”
“I can now that I have proposed.”
“I thought you wanted to wait a while to get engaged.  That is what you said last weekend.”
“That was just to throw you off track.  I have been hatching this plan for weeks.  I just needed to put it into play which I did on Monday.”
“Monday?  You did all this in less than a week?”
“I had lots of help.  It pays to know a few high powered friends.”
“Now we have to think about a wedding.” Lindsay commented shaking again  
“Tomorrow is soon enough for that.  We have to get back to our guests.”
“I wondered why Greg and CeCe were here for a celebration for Scott and Katie.”
“That is why I proposed almost as soon as we walked in.  I didn’t want you to have time to question them too closely.  Besides, I couldn’t wait any longer.”
“Nick, I am so happy and I don’t want to wait long to be your wife.”
“That would be great with me.” Nick said bending down to kiss her again.  
The dining room was full of great friends and conversation as they returned.  Gabby came to greet Lindsay.  “Did he tell you about the ring?” 
“Yes, it is beautiful and I am not changing it in anyway.  Thank you for your part in this celebration.  I love him very much.”
“I know sweetie.” Gabby said kissing her new daughter again.
Lindsay and Nick sat down at the table with everyone else and began to eat.  Lindsay was still shaking so hard she didn’t eat much.  
“You are not eating, babe” Nick stated
“I can’t.  I am still shaking too much.  I am also too excited to eat.”
Sarah was sitting next to Lindsay.  “You look radiant Lindsay.  Is it sinking in yet?”
“No, when will it?”
“It took me a week at least.  But my courtship was a bit shorter than yours.”
“Two weeks barely?” Lindsay reminded her
“Yes. Just a little over.  Dalton was a bit impatient.”
“Yes, Nick and I took things a little slower.”
“But I am suspicious that your wedding will come faster than mine.”
“Yes, if possible.  I want it simple and at the ranch as soon as it can be arranged.  Will you help me?”
“Of course.  Anything you need, I’ll help you.”
“Thank you.  I am so out of my comfort zone.”
“Not me.  I love it.  We will plan you the perfect wedding.”
Dalton leaned around Sarah to talk to Lindsay, “She has already been planning for weeks.  She has caterers, flowers, cake, dresses all laid out so you can pick your options.”
“Oh thank heavens you are so organized, I would be floundering.”
“We will start looking at things next week, for tonight enjoy your celebration.” Sarah said squeezing Lindsay’s hand. 



Nick and Lindsay walked outside to the pool area after their guests went to their rooms for the night.  The couple was not ready to be separated yet.  Nick removed his coat and tie then sat down on one of the lounge chairs and assisted Lindsay to sit down between his legs. 
“Are you happy, Lindsay?” Nick asked uncertainly
“Very much so.  I have wanted to be your wife for a long time.  I want to be a good wife to you.”
“You will be a great wife.  You are supportive of me, you love me and you want to be with me.”
“You don’t want a really big wedding do you Nick?”
“No, just family and a few friends.”
“Are you going to ask Dalton to be your best man?”
“Yes.  Are you going to ask Sarah to be your matron of honor?”
“Yes, and David to give me away.”
“I assume you want to live in your suite of rooms at the main house.”
“Yes, do you mind?  We can remodel them however we want.”
“No, I don’t mind.  There is plenty of privacy.”
“Where should we go on a honeymoon?” questioned Nick
“Well, I guess that depends on how much time you want to be gone.  I would love to go Paris or I would love to go to Hawaii.  I just want some place where we can be together.”
“We will plan it to be wonderful.  I guess we need to start thinking of when we want to get married.” Nick said a little bit vaguely
“What’s wrong?” Lindsay asked concerned
“Nothing’s wrong exactly.  This has been quite a week; planning to get engaged, Dalton and David’s surprise about the business and then getting engaged.  I may be a little overwhelmed here.”
Lindsay leaned forward and turned to look at him.  “Do you want to wait a while to get married?”
“No. Do you?”
“No, but I would if you weren’t ready.” Lindsay answered not looking at him.
Nick reached over and cupped his hand around her chin raising her face to look at him.  “I’m very ready.  I want to get married as soon as it can be arranged.  I want to be able to sleep beside you for the rest of our lives.  I want to love you and make love to you.  I want you!”
Lindsay started crying again with joy and happiness.  “I want you too.  I want to love you and make love to you too.  I want to have your babies and see them fall in love with you as I have.  Thank you for wanting to marry me.”
“Thank you for wanting to marry me!  After all I put you through, that is my miracle.”
“Lindsay Cates, wife of Nick Cates.” Lindsay muttered to herself a few minutes later
“I love the sound of that.  When you were injured and couldn’t sleep unless I talked to you, I told you I loved Lindsay Matthews but I would love it more when you were Lindsay Cates.”
“Nick and Lindsay Cates.  Perfect!” she stated happier than she had even been in her life.
Lindsay settled back in Nick’s arm and they just enjoyed each other.  No words were needed just being together.  
 “I guess we need to say good night.  We have guests to entertain tomorrow.” Lindsay said reluctantly
“Yes and tomorrow is when Colby’s horses are to arrive also.  It is going to be hectic.”
“Scott and Katie will love watching you work those horses.”
“What about my love?  Will she like it?” Nick asked teasing her about watching him ride
“No, she will love it.  In jeans and boots and on Spade… yeah she will be there enjoying every minute of it.” 
Nick laughed at her running commentary on his jeans and boots.  “Come on goofy girl, it is time for you to go to bed.  I hate to be apart from you but we need sleep.”
They walked hand in hand to Lindsay’s room.  He reached down and picked up her off the floor and kissed her hard.  “Today is the best day of my life so far.” He said as he let her back down
Lindsay smiled sweetly and nodded her agreement.  “Mine too.”
Nick backed away from her with a quiet good night.
Lindsay had just turned off her light when predictably her phone rang.
“Hi babe” she answered
“This is hard, I miss you.  Arrange the wedding soon.”
“I will.  I miss you too. I love you.”
“I love you my Lindsay.”


Chapter 17

Nick knocked on Lindsay’s door the next morning when she wasn’t in the kitchen when he came in.  After several knocks he quietly opened her door and went it.  Her bed was empty and she wasn’t in the room.  Nick went back to the kitchen. “Have you seen Lindsay, Mama?” he asked
“No, isn’t she in her room?”
“It’s empty.  I am going to go check the barn to see if she went for a ride.”  He said leaving the kitchen.  He went straight to Brandy’s stall but she was still in it.  He quickly looked up and down on the aisles in both barns.  Lindsay wasn’t anywhere around.
As he strode swiftly back to the house, he happened to glance over to the pool and saw Lindsay sleeping in the lounge chair.  He walked quietly over to her and stared down at her.  She was clutching his bear like a lifeline and she looked so sweet and vulnerable to him.  
Nick leaned down and gently kissed her forehead. “Sweetheart, it is morning.  It is time to get up.”
Lindsay woke up quickly and looked startled at where she was.  “Why am I outside?”
“I was going to ask you that question.” Nick said as he sat down on the foot of her chair.
Lindsay paused to remember the night.  “I woke up and couldn’t go back to sleep.  I decided not to hang around in my room so I wandered out here.  I guess I fell back asleep.”
“I see you brought some company.”
“He goes with me wherever I go at night.  I love him.”
Nick smiled and leaned forward to kiss her.  “It is time for breakfast.” He said getting up and reaching for her hand.  He walked her back to her room and went in to watch the morning news as she showered and dressed.  
When she was pulling her boots on, Nick asked her if something was bothering her and if that was why she couldn’t sleep.
“No, yesterday was just so wonderful.  I had so much to think about.  I just couldn’t sleep.” 
“You had me a little worried that something might be wrong.”
“Not a thing.” She said holding her hand out to study her engagement ring.  
Nick rose from the couch and helped her stand also.  “Let’s eat before I lock that door and spend the day holding you instead of working.”’
As they walked into the dining room, Katie and Scott rushed to greet them.  “Can we go riding again?” Scott asked excitedly
“Yes, after breakfast for a few minutes.” Nick answered “But later, we have to work some.  We are getting some new horses today.”
“Cool” Scott answered and Katie nodded
After everyone finished eating, they all walked down to the barn and repeated the riding of the day before.  The kids were having a ball and they loved being with Nick and Lindsay.
Deena, Samantha and Sarah were watching as the kids rode around the corral with Lindsay and Nick.  “Those two are wonderful with Scott and Katie.  It was one of the best days of their life when they picked him up.  We love them.  And when they have kids, their kids will be so lucky to have them as parents.”
“Won’t they though?  And if we have kids, they will be lucky to have them as aunt and uncle.  Lindsay has been my friend since college and I have known Nick almost that long, they are just perfect for each other.  It took a long time to reach this point, but their life will be wonderful.”
“Yes, Lindsay told us their story.  I am so glad Nick included us in their engagement surprise.”
“They have both had a tough year with their injuries, they needed that fabulous party last night to kick off the good part in their lives.”
“I am so thankful to Dalton for arranging for our trip here, the kids were thrilled to be on MatthewsOne.”
“He had fun planning it.  Lindsay is his beloved sister and Nick is his best friend, he would do anything for them.”
“Lindsay was mentioning that you run a foundation for those with chronic illnesses?”
“Yes, it started about a year and half ago.”
“That is a great cause.  When you deal with any kind of illness, any kind of support is greatly appreciated.  Sometimes you need physical help, sometimes emotional, sometimes you just need someone to clean your house.” Samantha nodded in agreement to Deena’s comments. 
“Exactly.  We help with those things.”
“It is a great ideal.  I am sorry that you have your illness.”
“Thank you.  I’m sorry your precious children had to go through cancer.”
Deena and Samantha were thinking back on their long battles.  Samantha answered “We are too, but we have gotten to be better parents because of it.  We had to fight hard for them and for each other.  It is tough.”
“A few months ago, I was approached by a lady named Anna that was foster mother to a little boy with terminal cancer.  His wish was to be a cowboy for the weekend, so I arranged it with David to come here and be a cowboy for the weekend.  Jimmy had a great time.  Nick did the same thing with him that he is doing with your kids.  He passed away about three weeks after he was here.”
“That is so wonderful.  I am no longer surprised about Nick’s treatment of our kids.  He is a very special man.”
“Yes, he is.” replied Gabby as she came up on the three ladies and overheard their conversation “Although, I might be a slight bit biased.”
“You deserve to be Gabby.” remarked Deena “You did a fabulous job with him.”
“No, not really.  Nick is pretty wonderful all without my help.” Gabby said as she watched him with the kids  “I am the blessed one.”
Sarah hugged Gabby as Deena and Samantha agreed with her.  Gabby walked back to the house after a few minutes.
“Lindsay told us that Gabby was special.  She wasn’t kidding.”
“No, she wasn’t.  We wouldn’t be as good a family without her.  She adopted me the first time I visited here and she has been my Mama ever since.  She gave me love and support through a very tough time in my life.”
“She loves you all very much.  She needs you and you need her.  It is mutual.” commented Samantha Dowd.  
“Yes” nodded Sarah


Nick stopped the kids’ rides so they could rest before the other horses arrived.  He and Lindsay walked them back to their parents and all of them talked for a while.  Nick played a card game with the kids.  Lindsay moved to join Sarah, Samantha and Deena.
“Hi” Lindsay said as she approached them
“That looked like fun.” Sarah said in answer
“We had a great time.  They are so excited to be here.”
“We can’t thank you enough for doing this for them.” said Deena
“It is our pleasure.” Lindsay answered
“Last night was so much fun.” Samantha said changing the subject  “You were so radiant as Nick proposed to you.”
“Was I?  I was so stunned and excited, I have barely stopped shaking.”
They all laughed.  “Now you get to plan a wedding.”
“No, Sarah gets to plan a wedding.  I am going to point and say yes a lot.  Planning a wedding is not my skill.”
“You will do fine sister.” a laughing Sarah replied  “I will help you.”
“Have you thought about a date yet?” asked Deena
“No, things are a little hectic here right now.  I want the wedding as soon as possible but with Nick’s new business venture and Gabby and Nathan’s new plans, StageWest is hectic.”
“Nick’s new business? What new business?” asked Samantha
“He is going to have his own business or retraining or just beginning training horses.  David and Dalton are building a third barn/training facility and have given it to Nick for his business.”
“He retrains horses?” asked Deena
“Yes!” gushed Sarah “You will see soon enough.  He is brilliant at it.”
“Anyway with all that going on, the wedding may have to wait a while.” Lindsay replied after her sister-in-law finished
“No, it won’t.” Nick replied walking up them “The sooner the better.” He said leaning down to kiss Lindsay “Marrying you takes precedent over anything.”
“Ahhh” cooed Sarah  “That is so sweet.”
“Sarah dearest, one of these days….” laughed Nick
“Yes, Nick.  One of these days what?” she replied laughing at him
“You will see. I guarantee it” he said leaning down to kiss her cheek.  “You get too much enjoyment out of picking on me.  I think it is my turn to get even.”
“Anytime anyplace cowboy.  Give it your best shot.” Sarah replied confidently  
Nick laughed and walked away after kissing Lindsay again.
“You two.” commented Lindsay shaking her head at Sarah.  “You act like brother and sister.”
“I love him and he knows it.” Sarah stated “I am so happy for him and for you.  We will plan you the perfect wedding.  Starting Monday.”
Gabby called them all in for lunch a few minutes later.  After lunch the truck carrying Colby Randall’s horses arrived.  Shortly thereafter; CeCe and Greg Davis arrived with Colby Randall.
Sarah and Lindsay went to greet them. “Hi Colby, we didn’t expect you so soon.”
“I finished up early and called CeCe and invited myself down.  I wanted to make sure the horses arrived okay.  I wanted to meet David also.”
“Come on then.” replied Lindsay “We have other people for you to meet also.”
“Yes, I heard.  Congratulations Lindsay!”
“Thank you.” She replied shyly
Lindsay led them all to the south barn where Colby’s horses were being unloaded.  David and Nick were looking them over as they came down from the truck.  
When there was a break in the action, Lindsay brought David and their guests to meet Colby.  “David, this is Colby Randall.” 
David reached to shake his hand “Welcome to StageWest”
“Thank you. And thank you for helping me out with the horses.”
“Anytime.”
“Colby, these are our other guests” Lindsay said directing Colby to the others standing around  “This is Katie, Samantha and Bart Dowd and this is Scott, Deena and Randy Jones.  Everyone this is Colby Randall.”
“Cool.” Scott gushed “I have heard you on the radio.  I have your CD”
“Cool” Colby gushed back as Scott as he knelt down to give him a “high five”.  “Are you guys having fun riding Nick’s horses?”
Scott and Katie nodded enthusiastically “Katie is Nick’s girlfriend since he let us ride his horse.” Scott pronounced proudly
The adults around laughed as Lindsay introduced Colby to Nick’s father Nathan who had joined the crowd.  “Welcome” said Nathan 
“Thank you.  I have been looking forward to this all week.”
“Good.  Nick will get your horse fixed up for you.” Nathan said pointing to Nick with Colby’s horse Lucky Joe
Colby moved to the railing to watch.  “He is amazing with him.” He whispered
The crowd gathered around a little closer as Nick walked Lucky Joe around the corral.  “Remember me Lucky Joe.  We are going to be great friends.” Nick patted his neck and the horse tried to rear up but Nick had a good hold on him.  “Easy.  I won’t hurt you.” He said as he rubbed the horse’s neck.  “I am your friend.”
“What is he doing?” Scott asked David
David picked up Scott and sat him on the railing as Dalton picked up Katie and did the same thing.  “Nick is teaching him.  We have to watch quietly as he works.”
“Is he scared?” Scott whispered
“Yes, the horse is scared.  Someone wasn’t very nice to him once.  Now he thinks everyone is mean to him.  Nick is going to teach him to not be scared.”
“Katie and I aren’t scared when Nick is with us.”
The adults all smiled and looked at each other after Scott’s comments.  He had spoken the truth for himself and Katie but also for the horses Nick works with.  
Nick walked Lucky Joe closer to the crowd so the horse could get used to people again.  “Lindsay, can you come in here?” He called softly
Lindsay walked to the gate and went in.  Lucky Joe was immediately distracted by her which was Nick’s goal.  Nick worked to bring the horse’s focus back to him.  “Lindsay, start talking to him as you walk up to him and pet him on the neck like last time.”
Lindsay started as Nick instructed “Hi Lucky Joe.  You are a handsome fellow.”
Nick chuckled softly “I told you before that she is my girl Lucky Joe.  You can’t have her.”
Lindsay placed her hands on the horse’s neck and the horse startled away.  Nick held on to him and brought him back so Lindsay could do it again.  “She won’t hurt you Lucky Joe.”
Nick with Lindsay’s help worked with the horse for a few more minutes, then Nick walked him to his new stall.  He spent more time with him as he was groomed, fed and watered.  Nick patted him on the neck and walked away.  Nick went back to Colby’s horses and led them to their new stalls for their stay at StageWest.  
Nick walked up the crowd that had been watching him.  “Hi Colby.  It is good to see you again.”
“Hey, Nick.  It is good to be here.”
Nick greeted CeCe and Greg too as the crowd moved to let Colby tour StageWest.  Lindsay captured Nick’s hand as they moved along.  She squeezed it and smiled at him.
“I hear there was some good news last night Nick.” Colby stated
“Yes” Nick responded smiling at Lindsay
“Congratulations!” Colby commented
“Thanks”
The tour was completed and everyone decided to go relax by the pool for a while.  The kids, Nick and their parents went to change into their swimming suits.  The rest of the crowd gathered around to watch.  
“He did it again. He is so impressive with Lucky Joe.” commented Colby “I am just amazed.”
“He is very good at it.” David answered “We are lucky to have him here.” Dalton nodded in agreement 
“StageWest is an impressive place.  Your facilities are marvelous.”
“Thanks.  On Monday, if you want to come back we can go over some possible scenarios and decide what you want to do with your stud and your other horses.”
Colby looked to Greg and CeCe who nodded their agreement.  “Sounds good.” Colby agreed
Gabby came out to greet everyone and was introduced to Colby.  “Welcome.”
“Thank you.  It is good to be here.”
“I am getting ready to start dinner.  Lindsay, Sarah can I draft you for a bit?”
“Certainly” they replied getting up to help.  CeCe got up to join them.  “No, stay and visit.” Gabby said
“No, I’ll help you too.” CeCe hugging Gabby.  “We just showed up on your doorstep without warning.”
“Nonsense, we love company.”
“Good, we will back on Monday too.”
“Fabulous!” gushed Gabby  
The dinner that night was full of good food, fun and lots of laughter.  Nick and Colby played a game with Katie and Scott.  All the adults conversed as if they were all old friends instead of famous movie stars, famous movie producers and horse breeders.  


Sunday morning, Nick took the kids on one last ride each while their parents packed up to head home.  
“Thank you for coming to surprise Lindsay.” Nick said as they were preparing to leave.
“We had a great time Nick.” replied Deena “You have given us more wonderful memories.  The kids are so happy, we can never repay you for this.”
“No need.  We all enjoyed seeing them again.” 
“Yes, we did.” Lindsay replied  
Gabby came hustling out of the kitchen with some goodies wrapped up for the two families.  “Just something to eat on the way home.” 
“Thank you, Gabby.  It has been our great pleasure to meet you.”
“Me too.  Come back soon.”
Nick and Dalton drove the two families to the air strip and said their goodbyes.  Nick promised the kids he would see them soon and that he would call them.  
When Nick arrived back to the house, he went in search of Lindsay.  He knocked on her bedroom door.  “Come in” she said.
“Hi sweetheart.”
“Hi”
“Will you run away to the cabin with me?” Nick asked
“Great idea.  Time alone together!”
They headed for the door and passed Gabby in the kitchen to tell her that they were running away to the cabin for a while.  They decided to take the four wheeler instead of the horses because it was a faster get away.
“Did you have a good weekend?” Lindsay asked on their way
Nick looked at Lindsay a bit confused “Did I have a good weekend?  I had a great weekend!  Didn’t you?”
“It was fabulous.  I got a proposal of marriage didn’t I?”
Nick laughed “Yes, you did!”
They arrived at the cabin a few minutes later and went inside.  Nick swept her up in his arms and carried her to the couch.  He sat down and moved her to sit in his lap.  He hugged her close for several minutes as he unwound from the hectic weekend.  
“Finally alone with you.” He whispered in her ear “I so love to spend time with you.”
“Nick, I am so glad that you do!”
They talked and relaxed at the cabin for a couple of hours.  At the ranch he kissed her good night and went home.


Chapter 18

Early Monday morning Lindsay walked to Nick’s house and knocked on his door.
“Hi babe!  You are up early.  Anything wrong?” Nick said as he opened the door for her to enter
“No, I just missed you and wanted to see you.” Lindsay stepped up to Nick and wrapped her arms around his waist
Nick wrapped his arms around her in return “I am very glad about that.”
Lindsay stepped back from the hug and Nick leaned down to kiss her.  He brought her in close again and deepened the kiss.  “That is a great way to start the day.”
Lindsay chuckled at him and agreed.  “Soon we won’t have to walk to the other person’s house for that morning greeting.”
“Soon that morning greeting may not just be a kiss either!”
“MmmHmm….I am ready for that too.”
“The wait is getting harder isn’t it?” Nick asked sitting down on the chair and pulling Lindsay onto his lap
“Yes, I just want to be married to you.  I don’t care about a wedding, I want our marriage.”
“Then you need to find a dress quickly.”
Lindsay hid her face against Nick as she spoke “I sort of already did.”
“When?”
“A couple of weeks ago when I went into Phoenix, I stopped by a bridal shop and tried several on until I found the one I loved.  So it is being altered already.  It will be ready later this week.”
Nick laughed at her as he hugged her close.  “You didn’t tell me that.”
“Well, that would have been a little presumptuous wouldn’t it?”
Nick laughed again and kissed her “Lindsay, I am glad you are my girl.”
“Me too.” She whispered in his ear as she snuggled closer.  “I love you.”
“Why are you whispering?” 
“I’m overwhelmed with happiness.” She whispered again  
Nick held her close for several minutes.  “Are you ready to walk up to the house for breakfast, sweetheart?”
Lindsay nodded and climbed off his lap.  Nick wrapped his arm around her waist as they walked to the main house.  “Good Morning, Mama” Nick called with a kiss to her cheek.
“You are in a good mood.” She replied
“Of course.  It is a wonderful day!” he said with a wink to Lindsay who blushed
They got their food and sat down at the table.  Dalton and Sarah came a few minutes later.  Sarah had a whole bunch of magazines, pictures and phone numbers with her.
“What is all this?” Lindsay asked as Sarah handed them to her
“Wedding items.” Sarah answered  
“You weren’t kidding were you Dalton?” Lindsay asked him
“No.  She has been planning for weeks.  Getting magazines, etc. etc.”
“And some of it was from my own plans.  I hadn’t gotten around to throwing it out yet and then when you two announced you were going to “date”… I decided to keep it.” Sarah said 
Nick picked up one of the bridal magazines and began to thumb through it.  “Good grief.  These plans say it takes a year to plan a wedding.  There ain’t no way I am waiting a year.” 
“Me either.  I was hoping for weeks”
Sarah calmed them both “the longest part is the dress.  We need to get started on that right away.  After you pick it out and your colors, then the rest works much better.”
Nick laughed as Lindsay blushed again.  “I think you better confess Lindsay.” He said
“Confess what?” Sarah asked
“Ialreadyhaveadress.” Lindsay mumbled
“Excuse me?  I didn’t catch that.” Sarah replied
“I already picked out a dress.  It will be ready later this week.” Lindsay said hanging her head.  Nick reached for her hand as Sarah and Dalton started laughing.
“Alright girlfriend.  We are weeks ahead in planning.  Do you have a picture?”
“Yes.”
“I want to see it.” Nick stated
“No!” Lindsay and Sarah replied in unison
“Why not?” he asked
“Because I want you to be surprised on our wedding day.” Lindsay said at the same time Dalton told Nick to “give up trying to see the dress.”
“Okay, fine.” Nick said rising from the table  “I’ll see you all later. Bye love.” He said kissing Lindsay 
Dalton sat quietly and read his paperwork as Sarah and Lindsay went back to discussing wedding details.  “Sarah, will you be my matron of honor?”
“Of course.”
“Thank you for helping me with this.”
“Anytime.  Now, what do you want for the colors of flowers?”
Dalton spoke up from his spot at the table “When is this wedding going to be?”
“As soon as possible.” Lindsay replied “How long do the flowers and stuff take?” she asked Sarah
“Depends on the kinds, sweetie.” Sarah replied  “We will get it work out as soon as we make some decisions.”
Dalton rose from the table and kissed Sarah goodbye.  “I am going to the barn to see David.” 
Gabby came in as Dalton was leaving.  “What is all this stuff?” she asked Lindsay
“Wedding details.” Sarah answered for her
“Oh, this is so wonderful.  My son is getting married to my sweet girl.”
Lindsay and Sarah exchanged a look.  “Mama, I need your help to plan this wedding.”
“I’d be glad to.”
Lindsay, Sarah and Gabby were still sitting at the table when Greg, CeCe and Colby arrived.  Greg and Colby went to the barn and CeCe joined the ladies in the preparations.
“Go get the picture of the dress.” Sarah urged Lindsay
Lindsay returned a few moments later with the picture and handed it to Sarah
“It’s beautiful Lindsay!” she exclaimed “Nick is going to love this dress.” She said handing it to CeCe
“You already picked this out?”
“Well, I picked it out a couple of weeks ago; it is being altered right now.”
“Wow, you were confident.” CeCe commented
“Not really.  He unofficially proposed weeks ago.”
“He did?” asked Sarah
“Yes, when I was in the hospital.”
“You didn’t tell me that.” 
“Well, it was unofficial.” Lindsay said and they all chuckled at her
They worked on choosing colors and flowers for about another hour until Gabby needed their help with lunch.  



Lindsay walked down to the barn to find the men for lunch.  She walked past David’s office and found him alone.  “Hi David”
“Hi yourself.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Yes. Sit down.”
“It won’t take that long.  You probably already know the question but will you walk me down the aisle and give me away?”
“Yes, baby sister, it will be my pleasure.”
“Thanks big brother.  I love you and thank you for everything you have done for Nick.”
“No thanks are needed.  It is what is best for all of us.”
“Where are they by the way, it is time for lunch?”
“They are in the other barn.  After lunch, we need you when we talk to Colby.”
“Sure” she said leaving his office to walk to the other barn.  As she approached she heard someone ask Nick if he wanted a bachelor party.  Lindsay stopped and waited for his answer.  “No way” he answered “Lindsay would kill me but also I don’t want to see anyone else but her.”
Lindsay smiled as the tears formed in her eyes.  She brushed them away and walked inside.  “It is time for lunch” she said as she walked closer to them.
Lindsay and the men walked back up to enjoy their lunch.  The crowd was loud and there was lots of laughter.  After lunch, Nick, David, Colby and Lindsay moved to Lindsay’s office to negotiate the contracts.  Lindsay was surprised to learn that David wanted to breed her horse Brandy with Colby’s stud.  “I think the result could be worthwhile to both pens.”
Lindsay typed up the notes and the final contracts for all parties involved.  She printed off the papers and everyone signed.  Everyone but Lindsay went back to join the rest of the group.  Sarah came into her office a few minutes later and they began to make the phone calls to the caterers, the minister and the florist.  Lindsay’s choices were simple and elegant so the time frame of four weeks was set.  Lindsay was thrilled that it could be so soon.  “I hope Nick is ready to be a husband in four weeks?” commented Sarah 
“I guess I should ask him” Lindsay smirked
“Today would not be soon enough for him, girlfriend.  He told Dalton he would elope if he thought you could get away with it.”
“I would too!”
Sarah sobered “Lindsay, I am so happy for you.  We both will get married in the same year.  We will live near one another for the rest of our lives.  I am so glad we met at college and became best friends.  You are the sister I never had.  I love you.”
“I love you too.  I am so glad Dalton found you and brought you back to us.  I would not want to be doing this without you.  My family would not be the same without you here.” Lindsay said moving to hug Sarah.  
Lindsay and Sarah walked out of the office and joined the rest of the party.  Gabby needed their help with dinner so they moved to help.  Dinner was just as loud and fun as lunch was.  Greg, CeCe and Colby left a little after dinner.  Sarah and Dalton went home after Sarah talked to Nick about the appointment she had set up with the lawyer for the next day.
Lindsay led Nick to her room.  “We have something’s to talk about.” She said on the way.  
“Like what?”
“Did you talk to Dalton yet?”
“Yes, he is going to be the best man.  Did you ask Sarah and David?”
“Both said yes.  We need to decide if we are going to have other attendants.”
“Like what?”
“Ring bearer and flower girl?”
“Scott and Katie?”
“I am asking you.” 
“Let’s ask.”
“Ok, we can call them in a minute.  First, I have something to tell you about the time it is going to take to plan.”
“UhHuh”
Lindsay paused for dramatic effect “How about four weeks?”
“Seriously?”
Lindsay nodded and smiled “We just have to pick a date around that time and give the date to the florist and caterers.  It is all planned otherwise.”
Nick picked her up in a big bear hug.  “That is perfect.  Four weeks, I might just be able to wait that long.”
“What about a honeymoon?” she asked when he sat her down.
“I was thinking that on our wedding night we would go the Chambers Hotel.  Then fly out to Hawaii for two weeks.  I can’t really leave for much longer than that right now.”
“Sounds fabulous!” Lindsay reached up and kissed him.  
“Let’s call Scott and Katie’s folks and ask them about the kids participating in the wedding.”
They placed their phone calls and got an agreement that they could come for the wedding and participate.  “I will call you with more details when we have a final date.  It will be around four weeks though.”  Lindsay said to the mom’s 
After they hung up with the Dowd’s and the Jones’, Lindsay asked Nick about his tuxedo.  “Come to my house and I will show it to you.” 
They walked down to his house and he changed into the tux.  She was waiting in the living room for him.  She stood as he entered and walked around him a couple of times.  “Not as good as the jeans but it will do nicely.” She teased
Nick laughed and went to change back into his regular clothes.  Lindsay went and sat on the couch.  He returned a few moments later.  “Let’s pick a final date.” He said pulling a calendar from his kitchen.  
They picked a date and time and then Nick sat down on the couch.  Lindsay let him get settled then pushed him over and lay on top of him and gave him a deep long kiss.  She poured all of her emotion into the kiss and he knew something was different.
“What was that all about?” he asked as they ended the kiss
“I overheard your conversation in the barn today about the bachelor party.”
“Yeah and?”
“I am just so happy you don’t want one first of all and that you only want me.” She said starting to cry
“Sweetheart, I do want you to be the last woman I ever see unclothed.  I have seen other guys ogle women when they are with their wives and it is degrading to them.  You are so beautiful; I don’t need to look at any other women.”
“That is so nice to hear.” She said lowering her head to his again for another long kiss.  They were both breathless as they broke apart.
“Lindsay, will you go to the lawyer’s office with me tomorrow?”
“Sure if you want me too.” 
“I do.  You are going to have a say in this too.”
“No way.” She answered sitting up.  “This is your business.  They gave it to you.”
“And you will be my wife, that makes it our business.  I will need your help to run things from the business side while I work with the horses.”
“I was planning on that, just like I do with the breeding program basically.”
“Exactly…”
“But it is your business.” She butted in
“No, our business.  You have a better head of business than me.  I need you.”
“I will help you. But..”
“No buts.  We will run this business together.”
“Are you sure?”
“Very sure.  I trust you more than anyone in the world.”
They talked about the business and names for a few more minutes and then decided they needed to get some sleep.  He walked her back to her room and she had a question on the way.  “Can I ask you a question?”
“Anything.”
“Colby’s stud and my Brandy?”
“Yes, if the scenarios work out, you will be part owner in a champion race horse.  Brandy has good bloodlines.”
“Wow.  David caught me off guard with that.”
“It could be really spectacular.  A few years will tell us.  We are going to introduce them in a couple of days.”
Lindsay laughed at his description.  He kissed her good night when they got to her door.  “Sweet dreams. I love you.”
“I love you.” She answered back  



Four weeks later

“Is everything ready?” Lindsay asked Sarah “I have lost my ability to think.  This was supposed to be a simple small easy to plan wedding.”
Sarah laughed “The wedding was easy to plan.”
“It was?  Then why can’t I remember your name?”
“The wedding was easy it was the other things you decided to do this month that threw you into a tizzy.”
“Like what?”
“Starting Nick’s business, meeting with architects to design the new facility and how you want your suite remodeled.  A trip to San Francisco.  Helping me with Gabby and Nathan’s new medical facility.  Moving into Dalton’s old room so the construction could begin on yours.  Shall I go on?”
“No.  I am worn out enough.”
“Okay, then the plan for today is rest.  Actually, I am whisking you away for a massage at the hotel and if we don’t leave now we will be late.  The rehearsal and dinner are tonight.  The Jones’ and the Dowd’s should land in about an hour.  Nick’s brothers are here. Everything is on schedule.”
“A massage?  You think of everything.  I couldn’t have done this without you.”
“I know!” Sarah replied smugly  “I love it.  It was so much fun and lots less stressful than my own.  Now let’s go.  ”
The limousine and driver had been hired for the whole weekend and he was taking the girls to the hotel.  Lindsay and Sarah were greeted by the friendly staff and shown to the dressing rooms.  They were both having a massage as a special treat.  
Lindsay felt much better after her massage.  She could think again.  “Thanks for thinking of that Sarah” Lindsay said as they were on their way back to the ranch.  “I feel much better.”
“I knew you would.  I had one before my wedding and was the best thing I did for the whole thing.  I think I would have been so stressed I wouldn’t have enjoyed the wedding.”
They arrived back at the ranch and were mobbed by Katie and Scott.  “Lindsay!” 
“Hi guys.  I am so glad to see you.”
“We missed you.” Scott commented
“I missed you too.  Are you ready to be in our wedding?”
“Yes, we have been practicing. Want to see?”
“Sure.”
Scott held out his arm and Katie wrapped hers around his and they started to walk down the hallway.  “Very good!” Lindsay applauded “Where are your moms?”
“Right here.” They answered coming into the hall where she was
“Thank you for coming.”
“We wouldn’t have missed it!” Deena replied
“Where is everyone?” asked Sarah
“Who knows?” answered Gabby as she came into the room  “After lunch everyone scattered, Nick was mumbling to himself.  David, Dalton, Travis and Colin were laughing at him.”
“I hope he is okay, was there a problem?” Lindsay asked concerned as she dug in her purse for her cell phone.  She pushed his number and waited for him to answer.
“Hello?” he answered absently
“It’s me.  Where are you?”
“At my house.”
“What are you doing?”
“I can’t remember.”
“I’ll be right there.” She said hanging up on him  “I’ll be back in a few minutes.” She told everyone as she left and went to Nick’s.
“Nick?” she said as she opened the door without knocking
“Hi, where did you come from?”
“I just talked to you on the phone and said I was coming down.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot.  Do you know what I did with my boots?”
“They are on your feet.  What is the matter?”
“Oh yeah.  What are you doing here again?”
Lindsay grabbed his hand and sat him down.  “Nick, look at me.”  He looked at her “Take a deep breath.” She demonstrated for him and he repeated the action.  “Again” she repeated and he followed.
“Okay, what are you doing?”
“I think I was trying to pack or change clothes or something.  I have lost my ability to think.”
Lindsay laughed and leaned forward to kiss him.  “I told Sarah the same thing.”
“You are perfectly calm and I am not.”
“I just got back from a massage at the hotel.  It worked wonders.”
“Good.  Why are you here?”
“Come with me and we will get you organized.” She said leading him to his bedroom.  “Good grief Nick, what are you doing in here?” she asked at the mess in his room
“I think I was packing for Hawaii.”
“Let’s start over with that.” She said holding up his winter coat “I don’t think you will need this in Hawaii.”
Lindsay went to his closet and hung up all the clothes that he had removed from there.  She returned with more appropriate clothing for Hawaii’s weather.  Next she moved to his dresser and directed him to get shirts, swimming suits and underclothes.  With organization, she finally finished his packing for Hawaii.
“Thank you for helping me.  I couldn’t remember anything.” He said hugging her
“You are not getting cold feet are you?” she asked concerned
“Never.  I just couldn’t think.”
“Are you okay now?  I have to go get ready for the rehearsal and dinner.”
“I have to get ready too.”
“Yes you do sweetheart.  Do I need to send Dalton down here to make sure you are okay?”
“I’m okay now.  I just have to shower and put my suit on right?”
“And come up to the house in a few minutes.”
“Right.  I’ll be there.”
Lindsay left a couple of minutes later not sure he would show up.  She called Dalton on her way back.  
“Hi” he answered
“Can you check on Nick in a couple of minutes?”
“Why?”
“He needs help.  He can’t remember what he is supposed to be doing.  He packed a winter coat for our trip to Hawaii.”
Dalton burst out laughing.  “Oh it is payback time.  I am so excited to hear this.”
“Dalton! Don’t do this to me.  I need him functioning.”
“He will be, but first it is time to have some fun.”
“Just get him to the house in a few minutes!” she said hanging up on him “Men!” she exclaimed running to the house
Lindsay went to her temporary room and showered and dressed.  She was putting her shoes on when there was a knock on her door.  “Come in”
Nick opened the door and walked in.  “I made it.” He said
“Did Dalton help you?”
“Help me?  Not exactly.  It is his time for payback for what I did to him at his wedding.”
“Don’t tell me, I don’t want to know what you did to him or what he did to you.”
“You look very beautiful my love!” Nick said leaning down to kiss her.  “I have a secret for you…”
“What?” she asked anticipating some big thing
“Tomorrow at this time, we will be married!”
Lindsay smiled and stood to her feet.  “I know” she whispered “I can’t wait.  And if we are lucky, we will already be at the hotel alone!”
“Come on beautiful.  We have a rehearsal to do.  I saw the minister as I was coming in.”
Lindsay and Nick went down to the living room which had been transformed into their wedding location.  All the furniture had been moved to the car barn and chairs were set up for the guests.  The minister had them all run through the ceremony several times before they all felt comfortable.  “Okay, any last questions?” he asked
Lindsay looked at Nick and he shook he head.  “I think we are ready.” She answered
“See you tomorrow!” he stated heading for the door
The crowd walked out to the waiting limousines and departed for the restaurant at the hotel.  “Are you doing okay now?” Lindsay whispered to Nick
“I’m much better.  I just had a little problem this afternoon.”
“You scared me.  I expect you to be my rock and you were a sinking ship this afternoon.”
Nick laughed “I am fine.  Thank you for helping me pack.”
“You are welcome.  I don’t have to worry about you tomorrow morning do I?  You will get ready on time.”
“Yes, Mama has already reminded me a dozen times.  She has drafted Dad to stand watch over me.  Dalton too.  Not that he is much help.”
“I’ll kill him.” She muttered
“Mama will do it for you if he messes with this wedding.  She is more excited that we are.”
“Not possible.” She answered “I have been waiting for this day a very long time.”
Nick brought her hand to his lips and kissed it.  


The rehearsal dinner was done and everyone was settled in their rooms for the night except for Nick and Lindsay.  They were sitting by the pool.  Nick sat with Lindsay and caressed her hands.  
“Nick! You know what that does to me.” She moaned
“Yes, I do it on purpose.  I love it.” 
“I can’t think when you do that.”
“So, what is there to think about right now?”
“Nothing I guess.”
“That’s right.  Just enjoy it.”
“I am but we need to go to sleep.  I don’t want to have big dark circles under my eyes tomorrow.  I want to look beautiful for you.”
“Lindsay Matthews, you are beautiful to me, no matter what.” He said firmly “But I know we need to go to sleep, I just don’t want to be separated from you.”
“Me neither, but after tomorrow we won’t be.”
“Finally!”
“Walk me to my room, I have something for you.” She said getting up from the chair.  Nick walked her to her room and waited while she went inside.  She came back with an envelope and handed it to him.  “Read this when you get to your house.”
Nick nodded and leaned down to give her one last kiss “Sleep and dream of me.”
“You too.”
Nick backed away reluctantly and left her room.  He blew her a kiss as he turned away.



Nick walked rapidly to his house and opened the envelope as soon as he entered.  

My darling Nick,
It’s here! Our wedding day!  I have hoped for this day for many years.  You are the love of my life.  I want to be a good wife to you and mother to your children.    
Tomorrow, I pledge my life to you in front of our family and friends but in my heart I pledged my life to you weeks ago.  Maybe even years ago.  
Tomorrow when we make love for our first time, I hope to show you how much I love you and need you and want you.  

I love you!
Lindsay


Lindsay’s phone rang as she knew it would.  “I love you.” She said as she answered
“I love you and thank you for this letter.  You are so wonderful and I am so ready to be married to you.  I want to show you how much I love you.”
“You do every day!” she answered  “Now go to sleep, cowboy!”
Nick laughed and blew her a kiss threw the phone “Less than 24 hours then we will not be apart again.”
“Night love.” She said hanging up



The next morning, Gabby brought her breakfast to her room.  “Nick is in the kitchen and wanted me to give you a message.”
“And what is that?” she asked smiling at her soon to be mother-in-law
“He loves you and he is counting down the seconds until he is your husband.”
Lindsay smiled as the tears formed in her eyes.  “Gabby, sit down for a minute.”  Gabby sat down where Lindsay indicated.  
“What is it sweetie?” Gabby asked concerned
“I just wanted to tell you that I love you very much.  You are a great mother and I admire you greatly.  I also wanted tell that I love your son very much and I hope to be a great wife to him and make him very happy.”
“You do make him happy.  I am so excited to see you get married to each other.  It is such a joy to help you plan for this day.”
“Thank you for all your hard work.  Next week, we want you to take it easy and don’t work.  Take some time off.”
“We’ll see.” Gabby replied  “Now, do you need anything else before I go supervise the caterers.”  
“I think I am good.  The stylist should be here shortly.  Then it will finally be time to get married.”
“Okay, call me if you need something.” Gabby said leaving the room
Lindsay picked up her phone and called Nick.
“Hi” he said when he answered  
“Hello my soon-to-be husband.”
“I like the sound of that, soon-to-be wife.”
“What are you doing?” she asked
“Playing with Scott and Katie.  We have a mean game of cards going.  They are beating me.”
Lindsay laughed “Good for them.”
“What you doing?” he asked her
“Waiting for the stylist and eating breakfast.”
“I wish I could see you.”
“Why can’t you?”
“Mama told me I couldn’t.”
“Sneak up here, I won’t tell.” Lindsay whispered
“I am on my way.” Nick whispered back and hung up
Very shortly there was a slow opening of the bedroom door as Nick crept in.  Lindsay was reclining against the pillows eating her breakfast.
“Good morning my love!” he whispered as he came close
“I don’t think we have to whisper.” She replied
Nick leaned down to give her a loving kiss.  
“Ummm.  I needed that.” She stated
“Are you nervous?” he asked
“Not yet.  I am not nervous about getting married; I might get nervous about being the center of attention.”
“Just focus on me and know how much I want this with you.  That is all that matters.”
“That is so wonderful to hear.  I hope you always feel that way.”
“We will work to make it that way always.  Now kiss me quick before we get caught.” He said leaning to kiss her again.  “See you shortly” he whispered as he left the room




“Are you ready to see what you look like girlfriend?” Sarah asked Lindsay a couple of hours later  
Lindsay moved to the full length mirror and gasp.  “This dress is even more beautiful than I imagined.”
“No. You make that dress more beautiful!”  Sarah replied coming to stand beside Lindsay
Lindsay gown was a strapless gown of luxurious satin.  There was a floral design embroidered down the split train in the back.  It was a perfect style for Lindsay, quiet and beautiful.
“Nick is going to forget to breathe when he sees you.” Sarah said gently hugging her  
“Don’t make me cry.” Lindsay stated fanning her face  
Just then there was a knock on the door and Sarah went to answer it.  It was David and Dalton “Can we come in?”
Sarah looked at Lindsay who nodded and then let the brothers come in.
“Lindsay, you are stunning!” Dalton exclaimed 
“Will Nick like it?” she asked modeling the dress
“No.  He will love it.” Dalton replied
“Is he here yet?”
“Yes, he is with Scott and Katie and their parents in the den.  Relax, he is only a little frazzled.” David stated “We didn’t torture him too much.”
“If he dumps me at the altar, you are both in big trouble.”
“We have something for you.” David said handing a box to Lindsay.
Lindsay opened it to reveal an elegant diamond bracelet.  “It is glorious.” She exclaimed
“Sarah helped us pick it out to match your gown.” David replied
Lindsay handed the box to Sarah. “Help me put it on?” She asked
Sarah sat the box on the dresser and removed the bracelet.  Lindsay extended her wrist and Sarah draped the bracelet over her slim wrist.  “It is almost as beautiful as you.” Sarah commented as she connected the two ends
Lindsay went and hugged all three of them.  “Thank you for this bracelet and for all your help with everything.  I love you all very much.”
“We love you too sweetie.” Dalton stated  
“Are the guests here yet?”
“Yes, CeCe, Greg and Colby are here.  Colby is set up to sing.”
“I still can’t believe that he wanted to sing at our wedding.” Lindsay recalled.  Colby had called a few days after he had come to StageWest and asked if he could sing at their wedding.  He had written a song for them.  Nick and Lindsay were thrilled.
“I think we are ready to start this show.” Lindsay stated.
“Ok, I am going to go get our bouquets and signal everyone that we are going to start.”
Dalton kissed Lindsay’s cheek and told her he loved her.  “Thank you big brother.”
David stayed with Lindsay as the other two left.  “Are you nervous?” he asked
“No, surprisingly not too much.  I want this marriage very much.”
“So does Nick.  He is going to be a good husband to you.  He is your perfect complement and you are his.”
Lindsay nodded and tried not to cry.  David chuckled and kissed her cheek.  “I love you kid.” He said trying to make her laugh
Sarah came back just then with the bouquets and announced that they were ready.  “Let’s do this.” She said happily
Lindsay could hear the music begin from downstairs and they walked to the top of the stairway.  Sarah started down the stairs cautiously then proceeded into the living room.  Then Lindsay clasped David’s arm and they began the walk down the stairs.  The photographer was taking pictures as they descended.  As they paused at the bottom of the stairs to rearrange her train, Lindsay spoke “Thank you David.”
“My pleasure sweetie” he answered “Let’s go before Nick comes looking for you.”
They started forward and came into the living room and Nick got his first look at his bride.  He quietly gasped and held his hand to his heart. “Keep breathing” Dalton whispered
“She’s stunning!” Nick whispered back keeping his eyes focused on his love.
David and Lindsay reached Nick and the minister.  The minister began the ceremony with the traditional question of who gives this bride and David’s proud response was “Her brother and I” as she placed Lindsay’s hand on Nick’s then went to sit down.
The ceremony proceeded with Scott and Katie presenting the pillows with the rings.  Soon it was Colby’s turn to sing to the couple.  Nick and Lindsay stood facing each other as Colby sang.  The words were beautiful and spoke of the couple’s hopes and dreams and their love.  Lindsay was crying as she looked into Nick’s eyes and saw all of those things.  
As the song ended the minister announced “I now pronounce you husband and wife.  You may kiss your bride.”
Nick gathered her close and lowered his head “Finally!” he whispered as he kissed her soundly and for several long seconds.  Then the guests applauded and they finished their kiss.  They were instantly surrounded by family and friends with hugs and kisses.  
“You guys did a great job!” Lindsay said as she bent down to hug Scott and Katie.  Nick gave Scott a “high five” and a hug and Katie got her hug too.  “Thank you Scott and Katie.  We couldn’t have done it without you.”
The reception was outside by the pool and patio after the photographer was finished.  Nick and Lindsay escaped into her office for a few minutes before joining their guests.  
Nick picked her up in a huge hug as soon as they were alone.  “We are finally married!” he exclaimed “And you are even more stunning in this dress!” Nick captured her mouth in a deep long kiss.  
“I am so happy.” Lindsay stated as they stopped kissing.  “The wedding was beautiful, just like I wanted it to be.”
“Now let’s get this reception over with so we can be alone!”
“My dearest husband?” Lindsay asked a few minutes later as they danced at the reception.
“Yes my lovely wife?”
Lindsay lifted her head from his chest and looked at Nick “I am so glad you wanted to marry me.  I am glad my dreams came true.” 
“That’s my line.  I am glad you wanted to marry me after everything that happened this year. I am so sor…”
Lindsay placed her finger on his lips to stop him “The past is over and done.  Our new life starts today.  We only get better and stronger from here.”
“Lindsay Cates, I love you!
“Lindsay Cates?  I like the sound of that Nick Cates. I love you!”
“I will be a good husband to you. I promise.”
“I know that.  And I promise to be a good wife to you.”  And they were.


