STAGE WEST
DAVID

By
Annie Pelle

SMASHWORDS EDITION

******

Published by
Annie Pelle at Smashwords

STAGE WEST  DAVID
Copyright 2012 by Annie Pelle

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is the final book of the Stage West series.  Thank you and I hope you have enjoyed the series.  The links to the first two books are at the end of this book.  
Chapter 1
Sometime during the Fall

Anna was worried and watchful as the limousine that was taking her and her foster son, Jimmy, to fulfill his last wish.  He wanted to be a cowboy and ride a horse.  Anna had found a foundation online and through contact with the president, she was en-route to Stage West.  Stage West was a ranch not too far from Phoenix where she was a pediatrician.
“Where are we going Mama Anna?” Jimmy asked quietly as he too looked out the window of the “big car” as he called it.
“It is a surprise, sweetie” Anna answered turning to give him a big smile
“Will I like the surprise?” Jimmy asked uncertainly
“Yes, you will love it.” Anna answered
“Mama Anna, I feel good today.”
“I am very glad about that sweetie.  You will enjoy your surprise more if you feel good.”
“Why do we have suitcases?”
“It is part of the surprise.”
The limousine pulled into the driveway of Stage West.  This ranch was the home of the Matthews’ family and they had graciously let Anna and Jimmy come stay with them for the weekend.
“What is this place, Mama Anna?”
“This is Stage West.”
“I see the barns.”
“Guess what is in those barns?”
“Are there horses I can ride?” Jimmy asked with a huge smile
“Yes, sweetie.  You are going to get to ride a horse.”
“Cool!” he said turning to look out the window again
The car pulled up in front of the house and the chauffeur exited his seat and moved to open the door for Anna.  “Thank you” Anna said turning to help Jimmy from the car
“Welcome to Stage West” Anna heard as Jimmy stepped from the car  Anna turned to greet the voice that had called to them.  “My name is Gabby Cates but call everyone here calls me Mama”
“I am Anna and this is Jimmy.” Anna said placing her hand on Jimmy’s shoulder
“Hi Jimmy.  We are so glad you could come to visit us.” Gabby spoke as she held out her hand to Jimmy.  Jimmy shook her hand gently
“Come on in and get settled” Gabby said turning to lead them into the house
Gabby led them to their rooms for the weekend and showed them around the house.  “David will be here soon to take you down to the barns to see the horses.  Sarah will also be here shortly.”
“Thank you for letting us come for a visit.” Anna spoke
“We love company.” Gabby answered
“Come into the kitchen with me and wait for the others.” Gabby said leading them to the kitchen
Anna and Jimmy had only been seated in the kitchen with Gabby for a few minutes when they were joined by a tall cowboy and two beautiful women.  
“Welcome” called one of the women “I’m Sarah Dawson” she said as she reached to shake hands with Anna
“It is nice to finally meet you” said Anna “thank you for arranging this.”
“We are glad you could come” replied Sarah as she turned to introduce the other two that had entered the kitchen with her “this is David Matthews and his sister Lindsay Matthews, two of the owners of Stage West.”
“Welcome” they both said as they reach to shake hands with Anna and Jimmy.  
“Hey cowboy, are you ready to ride?” David asked kneeling next to Jimmy’s chair
“Yes, sir” he replied politely
“Well, first of all you can’t ride until you look like a cowboy.  Why don’t you and Anna go with Lindsay and see if she can make you look like a cowboy.”
Jimmy turned to look at Anna who nodded at him and moved to stand.  Lindsay came to stand by Jimmy and leaned down to whisper to him “Follow me; we have a surprise for you.”
Jimmy reached for Anna’s hand and they followed Lindsay to her office.  Lindsay opened the door and all three entered.  Jimmy was directed by Lindsay to go open the big box that was sitting on the couch in her office.  Anna nodded at Jimmy that it was okay when he looked at her to gain her permission.
Jimmy went over to the box and opened it very carefully.  Inside of the box was a pair of boots, a cowboy hat and chaps that were his size.  He grabbed the hat and put it on his head.  “Look Mama Anna!  A cowboy hat in my size.”
“Wow that is so cool.” Anna replied
“Thank you Lindsay” Jimmy said
“You are welcome.  Why don’t you put on the boots and I’ll help you put the chaps on and then you will look like a cowboy and can go for a ride.”
Jimmy sat down on the couch and took his shoes off as Anna moved to assist him in putting on the boots.  Lindsay came closer as he held up the chaps.  
“These are a little bit hard to do by yourself.” Lindsay said reaching to show him how to put them on and buckling them for him.  “How do they fit?”
“I’m a real cowboy now!” Jimmy exclaimed
“Yes you are!” retorted Anna
“Let’s go to the barn.” Lindsay said standing beside him.  “We have lots of horses for you to look at and then my friend Nick is going to take you for a ride.”
Lindsay, Anna and Jimmy entered the barn a few minutes later and met up with Sarah and David again.  
“Hey you are a cowboy now” exclaimed Sarah and Jimmy smiled a big smile at her.  
“Do you want to look at my horses?” David asked Jimmy
Jimmy nodded and David took his hand to lead him to the horse stalls.  As they approached one of the horses, David introduced Jimmy to Nick.  “This is Nick” David said to Jimmy “He is my good friend and he is going to take you for a ride.”
“Hi Jimmy” Nick said reaching to shake his hand “let’s go pick out your favorite horse so we can go for a ride.”
Nick, David and Jimmy wandered between the different aisles of the barn until Jimmy finally chose the horse he wanted to ride.  “This is Star Dancer and this is Sarah’s horse.  She will be thrilled you picked this horse to ride.” Nick said.  “David is going to take you back to the corral while I saddle this horse and then we can ride.”
Jimmy nodded and went with David back to the corral where Sarah, Lindsay and Anna waited for them.  “I picked out a horse Mama Anna!” Jimmy explained
“Does the horse have a name?” she questioned back to him
Jimmy looked to David and David leaned down to whisper the name to him.  “Star Dancer” Jimmy repeated what David had whispered to him
“You picked my horse and I am so glad.” Sarah exclaimed “I can’t ride her but I am glad you will be able too.”
Nick approached leading the horse.  He opened the gate of the corral and went in.  After closing the gate, he mounted up and exercised the horse for a few minutes.  When he came up to the fence again, David took Jimmy by the hand and led him into the corral.  
“Come on cowboy” Nick said to Jimmy “let’s ride.”
David lifted Jimmy to sit in front of Nick on the saddle.  “Are you okay?” Nick asked him
Jimmy nodded and looked at his Mama Anna and waved.  “Have fun.” Anna called as Nick started to move around the corral.  
David moved back to where Sarah and Anna were standing.  Anna was smiling through the tears running down her face.  “He looks so happy.” She whispered.  Sarah put her arm around Anna and gave her a gentle hug.  “Thank you for arranging this Sarah and thank you David for allowing us to come here.”
“You are welcome.” David answered “We are glad to do it.”
Nick and Jimmy rode by a couple of times and Jimmy had a huge smile on his face.  “Look Mama Anna, I am a real cowboy.”
Anna took some pictures of them as they stopped near the fence.  She took a picture of Nick with Jimmy and David with Jimmy.  She wanted to remember this day when her Jimmy was gone. 
David walked Jimmy back to Anna.  Nick went to take Star Dancer back to her stall.  The group followed him so that Jimmy could look at the horses again.  Anna could tell that Jimmy was wearing out so she told him it was time for him to rest for a while.  
“Please let me stay down here.  I want to be with the horses.”
“Sorry sweetie, you need to rest.”
“Hey cowboy” David called “The horses will still be here later.  We will ride again.”
Jimmy took Anna’s hand and headed back to the house.  Sarah walked with them and joined Gabby in the kitchen as Anna went with Jimmy to get him settled.
“Did he enjoy the ride?” Gabby asked Sarah
“Yes, Nick was so wonderful with him.”
“Kids and horses are Nick’s two favorite things and both love him.”
“Then why isn’t he married and having some kids of his own?” Sarah asked
“He will.  He is waiting for someone really special I believe.” Gabby said with a secret smile.  She had her opinions on who his bride should be but for once she wasn’t butting in on his business.
Anna returned to the kitchen and Gabby fed them a snack and they all sat down to talk for a while.  Lindsay wandered in and David wandered in and they asked about Jimmy and how she became his foster mother.
“Jimmy was a patient of one of the other doctors in my practice.  Once, when I was on call he was admitted to the hospital and I went to see him.  He captured my heart right away, but this trip was also when the cancer was discovered again.”
“Again?” asked David
“Yes, he had gone through treatment before.”  answered Anna
“How sad.” Added Sarah
Anna nodded “Jimmy’s mother was young and single and the first time through the treatment had been very hard for her.  She was barely making ends meet and when he got sick again, she knew she couldn’t handle it again.  Physically, emotionally or financially.  She tried but after his first treatment of chemotherapy, Jimmy was really sick.  He ended up in the hospital for several days.  One day his mother just stopped coming to the hospital to see him.”
“Why?” asked David
“Well, we had to have the police track her down and find out.  She was afraid to take any more time off from work and she just couldn’t handle him anymore.”
“And then what happened?” queried David
“She signed him over to the state and my colleague mentioned it to me and I went to the state and requested to be his foster mother.”
“Had you ever been a foster mother before?” asked Gabby
“Yes, I am usually just an emergency home for a couple of nights until more permanent placement can be found for the child.  But I requested to be more permanent with Jimmy.  As a doctor, I knew what to expect with the chemotherapy.”
“And his mother?”
“She isn’t around.  I did go see her once not too long ago; she needed to know he wasn’t going to live very long.  I know she loves him but she isn’t ready to deal with a sick child.  She is barely nineteen.”
“Nineteen?” gasped Gabby  “But Jimmy is five, right?”
“Yes, she had him when she was fourteen.  She had an unhappy home life and thought this boy loved her and so she slept with him and got pregnant.  Her family stepped up and helped her until she was eighteen but then after that she was on her own.”
“What did she say when you told her?” David asked
“She was distraught.  I told her I would call her when, well you know.”  Anna answered beginning to tear up
“It is definitely terminal?” Gabby asked
“Yes” Anna answered “It is, and his body just can’t take anymore treatments.  I am so glad he feels good today for this trip.  I can’t tell you how much it means to him and to me.”
David answered that it was our pleasure and the topics moved on to other things.  Dalton Matthews walked into the kitchen a few minutes later and was introduced to Anna.
“Anna, this is my fiancé Dalton.  Dalton, this is Anna James.”
“Welcome to Stage West.  Aren’t you missing someone?” Dalton asked looking for a child
Anna laughed “He is sleeping for now.  He rode earlier and was worn out completely.  Actually, I’d better go check on him.”  She said excusing herself from the group
“How did he do?” Dalton asked as she left
“He had a great time.” David answered “It is very sad and happy at the same time.”
Dalton nodded “Who rode with him?”
“Nick took him.” David answered again.  “They rode Star Dancer.” He said looking at Sarah
“Did that make you feel sad?” Dalton asked Sarah
“No, I was glad he picked her.  At least someone had fun on her.”  Sarah’s illness kept her from being able to ride horses.  Dalton leaned over and kissed her in sympathy.
Anna and Jimmy wandered back into the kitchen a few minutes later.  He was still tired and sat quietly on Anna’s lap.  Nick wandered in also a few minutes later and headed to sit by Jimmy.
“Hey cowboy.  How was your rest?” he asked Jimmy
“Good, I’m still tired though.” Jimmy answered
“That’s okay.  I am tired after I ride too.  Do you want to come watch some TV with me in the den?” 
Jimmy looked at Anna for permission and she nodded yes.  “You’ll probably have to carry him.  He says his legs hurt.”
“Not a problem.  Come on buddy.” Nick said gently lifting him “They will call us when it is time to eat.”  Nick left with Jimmy and the adults went back to having their conversation.  
“He likes kids doesn’t he?”
“Yes” answered Gabby “And they like him.”
“He is so gentle with him.” 
“You should see him with a horse.” responded Lindsay “He retrains horses so they can be ridden again and he is so gentle with them.”
“Animals and kids are a great judge of character.” answered Anna
The conversation in the kitchen continued until Anna decided she needed to check on Jimmy.  David rose to show her the way to the den.  Jimmy was sitting on Nick’s lap asleep when she got there.  “I’m sorry.” She rushed to Nick.  “I didn’t think he would go back to sleep so soon.” She said moving to pick Jimmy up.
“He is fine where he is.  Just let him sleep for a while.  I don’t mind.” Nick answered stopping her
“But?”
“It is okay Anna.  I promise.” Nick said gently  
“Okay, if you are sure?”
“I’m sure.”
“I’ll be back in a few minutes then.” She answered getting to her feet.  She stopped at the door and looked back at Nick and Jimmy.  Nick nodded to her again to reassure her.  
“Would you like to see the rest of the facilities while he is sleeping?” David asked thinking she needed to get a few minutes to herself.
“Yes, but I probably shouldn’t leave Jimmy with Nick.” She answered
“Jimmy is fine with Nick and if Nick needs help there are four people in the kitchen to help him.  And if he needs you, they will call me on my cell phone.” He rushed to explain as she tried to make another excuse.
“Okay.  I would love to see the rest of this beautiful ranch.” Anna answered giving in
“Come on.” David said leading her to the kitchen to tell the others where they would be if they were needed.  
David and Anna walked around past the pool area and then wandered down to the south barn.  “This barn is mostly used for the breeding program.  We keep the mares separate but close to the studs for a few days before we put them together.”
“I did a little research on Stage West after I talked with Sarah.  From what I read, your program is the best in the country.”
“We have done very well at it yes.” David answered without modesty  
Anna chuckled at his answer and continued to walk down the aisle.  “These horses are beautiful.  Are they are yours?”
“No, most of them aren’t mine.  We have others contact us and we run statistics and variables on their horses and try to pair them up with a horse already in the database or registry.”
Anna was just about to ask a question when David’s phone rang.  “Hi Gabby, what’s up?”
“Dinner is ready and Jimmy is asking for Anna.  He is fine, but he wants to see her.”
“We will be right there.” He answered hanging up.  “Dinner is ready and Jimmy is awake and asking for you.”
“Is something wrong with him?”
“No, she said there wasn’t, he just wants to see you.” He said leading her from the barn.
“Sometimes when he doesn’t feel well, he wants me around all the time.”
“Do you have someone that helps you out?”
“Yes, my entire staff at the clinic.  They love him as much as I do.  I bring him to work with me and that way he is near me all day and near medical care if need be.”
David and Anna returned to the kitchen through the mudroom so they could wash up.  As they entered the kitchen, Anna spotted Jimmy with Nick and went to see him.
“Hi Mama Anna” he said as she approached
“Hi sweetie, how are you?” she asked
“I don’t feel so good.  My legs hurt.” He answered
“Do you want some medicine?” she asked always giving him the say if he wanted more medicine
“Yes, please Mama” 
“Okay, let’s go to the room and get it.” She said moving to pick him up
“I’ll carry him if it is okay with Jimmy?” David said as he moved closer
Jimmy nodded and David picked him up gently and followed Anna out of the kitchen.
“Thanks David” she said as they reached their rooms.  “This will take a while, please go eat and I’ll be down later.  I’m sorry about this.”
“No need to be sorry.  I can bring you all up some food if you want to eat in here.” David offered
“No.  That would be too much trouble.  We will be down later if he feels like it.”
David nodded and left.  As he returned to the kitchen he saw that Gabby and Lindsay were already preparing the trays to take food up to them.  He carried one and Nick carried one and they returned to Anna’s room.  Anna answered the door at their knock.  
David started right away to explain. “Gabby doesn’t let people go without food in her house.  She was already preparing the trays when I got back to the kitchen.” 
“Thank you.” She said opening the door for them
“Hi buddy.” Nick said to Jimmy as he placed the tray on the coffee table in the room.  
“Hi” Jimmy answered from the bed where he was hooked up to the IV. 
“What’s all this?” Nick asked “Your own special food?  My mama makes great food.”
“It isn’t food.”  Jimmy answered exasperated “It is my medicine.  It helps me feel better.”
“It is a good thing, we have more horses to ride tomorrow and a creek to go see.”
Jimmy looked to Anna and she nodded at him.  “You will get a good night’s sleep and you will feel better tomorrow so you can go with Nick.”
Jimmy looked back at Nick and nodded.  Nick talked to Jimmy for a few minutes while David motioned for her to eat.  
After she finished she helped Jimmy to eat while he and Nick played a card game.  Jimmy was getting sleepy as the IV finished.  Anna unhooked him from the IV and tucked him in the covers.  He went right to sleep as Nick and David left the room.  
“Call us if you need something.” David urged as she said good night.
“Thank you for everything.  I’m sorry he isn’t feeling very well.”
“No need to apologize.  We knew he was really sick.” David as he stood in the hall


Later that night, David was sitting quietly in the dark by the pool when the back door opened and Anna walked out.  She walked slowly to the pool and sat down in one of the chairs.
“Anna?” David said quietly.  Anna startled and gasped.  “I’m sorry.  I didn’t know how to let you know I was out here.” David said moving to sit in a chair near her “How’s Jimmy?”
“Sleeping peacefully for now.” She said pointing at the monitor she had in her hand
“Are you okay?  Why aren’t you asleep?”
“I will soon.  I needed to escape for a few minutes.” She said beginning to get tears in her eyes
“How much longer?” David asked gently
“Not much.  The pain in his legs is the cancer spreading through his bones.  He is tough but that pain can be awful.”
“Will you call us?  When…”
“Yes, and I know I have said this a bunch of times today, but Thank you for making his wish come true.”
“It was our pleasure.” David said 
Anna sat back in the chair and enjoyed the quiet night.  They didn’t talk and were comfortable in the silence.  
“I better get back into the room in case he needs me.” Anna stated several minutes later “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Good night Anna” David answered 


The next morning, Anna carried Jimmy down to the breakfast table.  Jimmy was already dressed in his chaps and boots.
“Hi Cowboy” David called
“Hi” he answered back
“Are you ready to ride again?” David asked
Jimmy nodded as Anna sat him in the chair next to David.
“Good, Nick is going to take you for a ride on his horse to the creek while Anna and Sarah follow you in the four-wheeler.”
“Cool” Jimmy answered looking at David and Nick
Anna placed a plate of food in front of Jimmy and then sat down next to him to enjoy her own.  Sarah was sitting next to Anna.
“How is he?” Sarah whispered
“Tired and weak.  He says the pain is better though.” Anna whispered back
After they had finished eating, everybody but Gabby walked down to the barn and saddled up their horses.  
“Would you rather ride?”  David asked Anna
“Not today.  I can ride but I didn’t bring my gear with me.”
David lifted Jimmy up to Nick and then helped Anna into the four-wheeler.  Nick and Jimmy led the way to the creek as Dalton, Lindsay, David rode behind them and Sarah and Anna followed behind.  
“You don’t ride?” Anna asked Sarah
“I used too.  I loved it, but I have an illness myself and it is impossible and dangerous for me to ride.”
“Can I ask what is wrong with you?”
“I have Meniere’s Disease.” Sarah answered
“Yuck.  I have heard that is unpleasant at times.”
“Yes, it is.” 
“That is where the foundation comes from?”
“Yes, I needed to help others like myself.”
“It is a great foundation.  I researched you before I called you up to see if you could help me.”
“I’m glad you called me.”
Anna nodded and they talked about more things as they followed behind the horses to the creek.  When Nick and Jimmy reached the creek, Nick asked Jimmy if he wanted to get down and go to the water.
“No, I’m too tired.” Jimmy answered “Where is Mama Anna?”
“She is right over there.” Nick said pointing as Anna and Sarah came into view.  “Do you need her?”
Jimmy nodded and Nick motioned Anna over to him.  “Hi sweetie.  Did you like your ride?” Anna said as she came up to them
“Yes, it was fun.  I don’t feel good though.”  Jimmy answered
“Okay, are you ready to go home?  Do you want to ride with Nick again?”
Jimmy shook his head no.  “I want to ride with you in the four-wheeler.”
“Okay.” Anna answered
David was right beside her and reached for Jimmy.  “Come on cowboy.  Let’s go home.”  
Anna got back in the four-wheeler and David sat Jimmy on her lap.  Sarah turned the vehicle around and they headed back to the house.  David rode beside them and as they stopped by the barn, he dismounted and picked Jimmy up.  The very sick child was asleep as David carried him in his arms back to the house.  Anna motioned for David to lay him down on the bed.
“Thank you.  I am going to get our stuff together and call the limousine to pick us up.”
“Dalton already did, it should be here very shortly.  Do you need any help?”
Anna shook her head no and went to start gathering up their stuff.  David sat down on the chair and waited for her.  Soon there was a knock on the door, he moved to open it and found Dalton.  “The car is here.” He said 
“Thank you Dalton.” Anna said as she came up with their suitcases
“I’ll take those.” Dalton said reaching for them
“Are you ready to take Jimmy down?” David asked Anna
“Yes, we need to get home.” She answered.  David moved to gently pick him up and carry him downstairs while Anna followed Dalton.  Everyone was waiting for them at the bottom of the stairs.  “I can’t thank you enough for all you have done for us” Anna said crying “You made him very happy.”
Sarah reached to hug Anna “We are glad you came.  Call us if you need us.  Anytime.”
“Thank you.” Anna answered waving goodbye to everyone and walking to the car.  She climbed in and David bent down to place Jimmy on the seat beside her.
Anna placed her hand on David’s “Thank you” she whispered
“Anytime.” David answered with a smile
David shut the car door and the limousine pulled away.  David returned to a very somber house full of people.  They all knew the time for Jimmy was short.


Three weeks later, David was working at his desk when his phone rang.  “David Matthews” he answered
“It is Anna James”
Not surprised to be hearing from her he simply asked “When?”
“Last night.” Anna answered softly.  Jimmy’s passing had been peaceful but she was grateful that he was through with the pain but she would miss him forever.  He’d been such a special little boy.  He’d taught her so many things.  
“I’m so sorry Anna.  Do you need anything?  Are you having a service?”
“Yes, it is the day after tomorrow.” She answered telling him when and where
“We will be there.” David replied.  David and Anna talked for a few more minutes then David went to tell his family.  
A few days later they all went to the service for Jimmy.  “Thank you all for coming.” Anna said to them as she greeted them at the cemetery.  “I am so grateful to you all.”
“We were glad to help you.” Sarah answered “He was a great little boy.”
“Yes, I will miss him.” Anna answered “But you all helped me fulfill his one wish and I can never repay that.”
David answered “Meeting the both of you was our gift.”
The family moved to the car to head home and David stayed one more minute with Anna “Will you be okay?  Do you need anything?”
“Just some time.” Anna answered 
David nodded and moved to the car with the rest of his family.  


Chapter 2

Several months later

David Matthews was exiting the café of his family’s hotel in San Diego when he heard someone call him.
“David?” a voice asked “David Matthews?” 
David Matthews turned to see who had spoken to him.  He was pleasantly surprised to see who had called him.  “Hi Anna” he said stopping for her to catch up to him
“Hi yourself.  I wasn’t sure you would remember me.”
“Of course I remember you.”
“What are you doing here?”
“Well, this is my hotel.  But I am also here at a conference.”
“Your hotel?”
“Yes, it is a Matthews International property.  What are you doing here?”
“I had a conference here for a couple of days, now I am just vacationing.”
“It is great to see you again.” David said smiling genuinely “I have to run, but will you have dinner with me tonight?”
“Sure.  When and where?”
“I’ll meet you in the lobby at six thirty, okay?” he said turning to run “I’m late.”
“I’ll be there.” She called after him and he waved to acknowledge her


David walked into the lobby at six thirty.  He was anxious to see Anna again.  He hadn’t really paid much attention to the conference he had attended that afternoon.  She had monopolized his thoughts.
“Hello David” he heard from behind him again.  He turned around and realized he had walked right past her because he hadn’t been paying attention.
“Hi.  I didn’t see you there.” He responded a little embarrassed
“You did look deep in thought as you walked past.  Is anything wrong?”
“No.  Nothing is wrong.” He answered.  “I was just thinking about something.”
“How was your conference?”
“It was fine.  It was on ranch management.  Lindsay usually comes to these but she just returned from her honeymoon and didn’t want to come.”
“Lindsay got married?  To whom?” 
“Nick” David answered
“Nick?  Nick from your ranch?  That Nick?”
“Yes.  It is a good story.  I’ll tell you over dinner.” He said as they turned to go to the restaurant in the hotel.  “The restaurant here has great food, it is okay with you?”
“It is fine.  The food is terrific.”
David approached the hostess at the restaurant.  “Hello Mr. Matthews, please follow me.”
David gestured to Anna to follow the hostess.  After they were seated, the waitress came to get their order.  “Hello Mr. Matthews” the young girl said as she approached
“Hi Amanda.  How are you tonight?”
“I’m good sir.”
“Good, this is my friend Anna.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you too Amanda.”
David talked to the girl a few minutes while Anna looked over the menu.  The waitress left shortly thereafter to get their drinks.  “You really do own this place?”
“Yes.  We have about 30 different hotels and restaurants worldwide.  Dalton runs this side of the business.”
David and Anna talked about their day as they waited for the drinks and their dinner.  As they were eating, Anna spoke up “It is funny I ran into you here.  I just talked to Sarah this morning.”
David frowned momentarily “This morning?  Why?”
“She called me about help with a project for Gabby and Nathan.”
“You are going to help her?”
“I think so.  What is it?”
“We decided to honor Gabby and Nathan for their years of service to us by building some sort of facility in their honor.  They were to choose what type of facility and then Sarah would be the chairman of the board.”
“And why did they choose a medical facility?”
“That is a very long story.” David answered
“I have nowhere else to be.” Anna replied
“Here goes.  I hope this doesn’t upset you”
“Why would it upset me?”
“Part of the reason they chose a medical facility is because of you and Jimmy.”
“Seriously?” she asked
David nodded “But it is a combination of several things and it combines with Lindsay’s story too.”
“Go on” she encouraged “Nick and Lindsay, I didn’t notice them being a couple when we were at Stage West.”
“They weren’t.”
“But now they are married?”
“Yes.” David laughed “Just about three weeks now.”
“Tell me..” Anna exclaimed excitedly.
David began the story “Life at Stage West has been crazy since you were there; Dalton and Sarah got married about six months ago now.  About a month after that, Nick was thrown from a horse and injured.”
Anna gasped “How bad?”
“Concussion, broken arm and a broken leg.  About six weeks after that, Lindsay and Nick discovered they had similar feelings for each other and began to date.  About a week after they started dating, Lindsay went to San Francisco for a ranch management conference and was attacked and beaten quite severely as she walked through the park there.
Again Anna gasped “What?  How severely?”
“Concussion, broken ribs, collapsed lung.” David answered
“You guys haven’t had good luck.” Anna exclaimed
David shrugged and went on with his story.  “When we were all in San Francisco, Nick befriended two six year olds, Scott and Katie that had just finished their treatments for cancer.  They wanted to ride his horse and Katie could be his new girlfriend.”
Anna laughed and David continued “He arranged for the kids and their parents to go to the ranch of a friend of ours outside of San Francisco and he took the kids on their first horseback rides.  They have become very close and they even came to Stage West to surprise Lindsay when Nick proposed to her.  And they were the ring bearer and flower girl in their wedding.”
“Are the kids well?” Anna asked
“So far.  This was their second time through chemotherapy.”
“They have beaten the odds then to have even made it this far.” Anna commented
“Now, we have made Nick a business partner with us.”
“Doing the breeding program?”
“No, did I mention to you before that he trains and breaks horses?”
“No, but Lindsay did I think.  I had forgotten it though.” Anna answered
“Anyway, we are building another barn/training facility at the ranch and Nick will use it for his business.  At the same time we offered this partnership to Nick, we told his parents about how we wanted to honor them.  After they met Katie, Scott and remembering you and Jimmy, they decided on a medical facility for kids with illnesses.”
“That is wonderful.  I really enjoyed meeting Gabby, Nathan and your whole family.”
“The specifics of the medical facility haven’t been completed yet, which is probably where you come in from a mother’s perspective and a doctor’s perspective.  Scott and Katie’s parents will also be involved so I am told.”
“Wow, your family is busy.”
“Yes, since last year, we have been planning weddings and making changes and I am ready for some relaxation time, so I told Lindsay I would attend this conference and take a vacation at the same time.”
“Me too.  I didn’t take off much time after Jimmy.  I just needed to work; now I need a break.”
“How are you doing since…?” David asked gently
“Some days are good and some days are not.” She answered honestly  
David nodded and decided to change the subject “So what do you plan to do on your vacation?”
“See the sights, walk on the beach, be a tourist basically.  What are you going to do on your vacation?”
“Well, tomorrow is another day of work but after that I plan to relax.  That is as far as I have decided.”
“Why are you working tomorrow?”
“Someone near here wants me to look over his horses and read through his papers and give him some suggestions.  Since I was going to be here for the conference, I agreed to do it.  Normally, I make them come to me at Stage West.”
“How long are you going to stay here?” Anna asked
“Two weeks maybe.  I haven’t made definite plans yet.  That is what is nice about being the boss….” He smiled with eyes twinkling.  Anna laughed and paused before answering “You are king of the castle?”
David laughed heartily “Sarah calls me the king under her breath sometimes.  She doesn’t think I hear her or she doesn’t care if I hear her.”
“I knew it.” Anna laughed “Why does she say that about you?”
“I wouldn’t know.” He answered facetiously 
“Yeah right.” answered Anna
“Okay, so maybe I was a little bit pushy around Sarah.  But in my defense, she was being very stubborn.  She wouldn’t accept my gift.”
“Gift of what?”
“A horse.” 
Now it was Anna’s turn to be confused “She can’t ride she told me.”
“Yes, but I didn’t know that when I gave her the horse.” 
“I think there is a little more to this story than you are sharing…” 
“There is, but I am not telling.  Sarah was being stubborn.”
Anna laughed.  They rose from the table and headed for the restaurant entrance “Thank you for dinner David.  I had a good time.”  
“I’m glad you could join me.  I had a good time too.”
“I hope you enjoy your vacation.” Anna said as they exited the restaurant.  “I’ll probably see you around when I am working with Sarah.”
“Let me walk you to your room.” David gestured to the elevator
“Thank you.” Anna answered turning towards the elevators.  They exited the elevator on her floor and walked to her room.  “Thank you again David.”
“My pleasure.” He answered “If you need anything, I am on the top floor in the private suite or have the front desk track me down.”
Anna nodded and went in her room.  David waited until he heard the double locks and then went towards the elevator.  He exited at the top floor and went to his suite.  He called the front desk and asked for the manager on duty.  
“Yes, Mr. Matthews.  This is Steve.”
“Hi Steve.  The guest in room eight eleven is a personal friend of mine.  Please see that she is treated special.  Anything she wants.  And please have her bill paid in full and refund anything that has already hit her card.”
“Yes sir.  I will handle it.  Anything else?”
“I am going to see if she wants to move up to the other private suite on this floor, is it available?”
“Yes sir.”
“Thank you Steve.  I will call you back if she wants to move.”
Steve acknowledged David and hung up.  David picked up the phone and called Anna’s room
“Hello?” Anna answered
“It’s David.”
“Hi.”
“I have two questions for you.”
“Okay, shoot.” 
“Would you like to go with me tomorrow to the ranch I was mentioning?  If you don’t have plans?”
“Are you sure?” she asked
“Yes.” He answered
“That would be great.  I would like that.  What time?”
“Call me when you wake up and I’ll treat you to breakfast then we will go.”
“But you just treated me to dinner?”
“I own the hotel remember?”
“Okay.  And what was your second question?”
“Would you like to move up to the private suite on the top floor?”
“Uh, why?  Isn’t that where you are?”
“No” he laughed “there are two private suites up here.”
“Thank you, but I believe that would be out of my price range.” 
“No it isn’t.  These suites are free to special guests.”
“I am not a special guest.”
“You are if a Matthews’ family member invites you to stay in one of their suites.”
“Are you crazy?  You can’t do that!”
“Yes, I can.  I own the hotel.” He said authoritatively “The suite is empty, why shouldn’t you use it?”
Anna was stunned “David, I appreciate it very much, but you don’t need to do this.”
“It is a very nice suite.  Please come use it.  The butler for the suite will move you tomorrow while we are gone.”
“Butler?  What butler?”
“The private suites have a butler.  He will move your bags for you if you pack them up.  He will even unpack them for you.  I’ll send him down to speak to you right now.”
“David wait a minute…”
“He is already on his way, he just left my suite.”
“David, I might have an idea why Sarah calls you “the king” now.”
“Why?  Because I offered you a free suite?”
“Offered?  I am not sure that I would agree with that term.  Anyway, I appreciate the free suite and I will take you up on your gracious offer.” She replied “Your butler just knocked on my door.  I will call you back in a minute.”
“Bye” David said hanging up.  She is stubborn, just like Sarah.  Try to do something nice and they both called me “the king”.  David’s phone rang just a moment later.
“Hello”
“It is Anna.”
“Hello again.”
“Your butler just left.  And I called the front desk to tell them to figure out the bill and I would be down tomorrow to settle it.  And to my surprise, it is already settled.”
“Yes, I knew that.  So?”
“David, you can’t do that either.  I have already been here for several days.”
“So?” he repeated
“So, you can’t pay my hotel bill.”
“Sure I can.  It is my hotel.  I can do whatever I want.”
“So says the king” she mumbled under her breath
“That is just what Sarah does to me.  But I hear her and I heard you.  It doesn’t bother me to be thought of as the king.”
“David, you are something else.  Thank you.  I’ll move to the suite tomorrow.” She said laughing at him
“Good.  Have a good night’s rest and call me when you wake up.  I usually get up early so don’t think you will be waking me up.  If I am down in the gym, the butler will take the message.”
“Yes, sir.” She stated 
“I told you, it doesn’t bother me one bit.  Good night” he said hanging up on her


Chapter 3

The next morning, David’s phone was ringing as he re-entered his suite after being in the gym.
“Hello”
“It is Anna.”
“Good morning.  Come on up to my suite.  I’ll be in the shower but Casey will let you in.  We can order breakfast up here.  Bye”
Anna was speechless as she stared at the phone then she burst out laughing.  David Matthews is crazy.  She gathered her purse and left her room to go to David’s suite.  
Casey was waiting for her as the elevator doors opened.  “Good morning Doctor James.”
“Please call me Anna.”
“Would you like to see your suite?” he said indicating the door to her right.
“Yes, please.”
He nodded and moved to open the door.  Anna was enthralled.  This is beautiful.  But he is nuts, he can’t give me this suite.  It is huge.
“Is everything acceptable to you?” Casey asked
“Yes, it is fine.  I appreciate you handling everything for me.”
“It is my pleasure.  I will be around if you ever need me.  Just push this button on the phone.” He said indicating the big red button on the phone.  
“Thank you.  I guess I should go see Mr. Matthews.”
“Right this way.” Casey indicated as he moved to the door of the other private suite.  “Please come in and make yourself comfortable.” He said pointing to the living room.
This suite is even more luxurious than the other one.  
“Good morning Anna.” David said entering the room.  “Did you see your suite?”
“Yes, it is beautiful.  But this suite is luxurious.”
“Yes.  Dalton’s motto is that he wants to live like a king and so he does.”
Anna laughed at his words.  “Dalton likes to be king too?”
“Yes, it is a male family trait.  My father was that way too.”
“What was your mother like?”
“She was the queen.  Whatever she wanted, she went out and worked for it.  She was wonderful.”
“And Lindsay?  Does she take after your mother?”
“She doesn’t have the same personality as our mother.  She is quiet and shy.  She knows what she wants but she isn’t as forceful as Dalton and I.  She has an inner strength that I hadn’t always seen until recently.  Lindsay grew up with basically five brothers, she survived us but I am not sure how.” He said laughing at some memory
“Good memories?” Anna read his thoughts
“Yeah.” He answered shrugging his shoulders and nervously running his hand over his neck “One time, the five of us boys were in trouble and had to do some extra chores around the ranch.  Lindsay was always tagging along.  She hadn’t gotten in trouble with us but she was still helping with our punishments.  We decided to make her do the majority of the work, we told her that she had to haul water and feed all the horses in the barn.  So she did, it took her all day.  She was barely six and a little squirt.  When she didn’t come in for dinner, Dad went down to the barn to find her.  She was asleep in the tack room and she was bruised and cut up and extremely dirty.  He carried her into the house and Mom and Gabby cleaned her up and put her to bed.  Dad and Nathan sat the five of us boys down and forced us to tell the truth about what had happened to her.  We were assigned extra chores for a month, we lost our allowance and Lindsay got it.  We had to play with her whenever and whatever she wanted to play.”
“Dolls?” she asked suspicious of what a six year old girl would play
“Yes.  And dress up and imaginary tea parties.”
“Did you learn your lesson?”
“No.” He chuckled guilty “We still continued to torture her until she was about sixteen.  Then we left her alone then when she started bringing her cute girlfriends around.  We thought they might have older sisters that we could meet.”
“And she still speaks to you and she married Nick?”
“Amazing isn’t it?  She is tough.” He said laughing “So what would you like for breakfast?”  Anna looked at the menu and gave him her order.  Casey moved to the phone and called in their breakfast order.  
“Where is this ranch we are going to?” Anna asked David
“It isn’t too far I guess.  I gave the instructions to Casey and the hotel limousine will take us there.”
Casey opened the door when their breakfast arrived.  The service staff set up the meals on the table near the kitchen.  David thanked them as he and Anna moved to the table to eat.
After they finished eating, David grabbed his hat and they left his suite.  The limousine was waiting for them as they exited the front door.
“Good morning Mr. Matthews” said a woman who stood next to the car
“Good morning.  This is Anna.  Anna, this is Debra the day manager of the hotel.  If you need anything, please contact her or her staff.  They would be glad to assist you.”
“Yes we would.” Debra commented “Anytime.”
“Thank you.” Anna said as David handed her into the car.  David settled in beside her and the car left the hotel.  “David, you don’t have to have your staff wait on me.  I can take care of myself.”
“Why?  It is their job to take care of you.”
Anna cocked her head and raised an eyebrow “And the special treatment you expect for me?  I don’t think that is their job.”
“It is if I say it is.”
This time she didn’t mumble it “So says the king again.” 
“Yes.  I told you that last night.  It doesn’t bother me one bit.”
“You are spoiled.  Maybe even spoiled rotten.”
“Yes, so?”
“You aren’t even going to deny it?” she laughed
“No.  You aren’t telling me anything I don’t already know.  I worked hard for this; we all work hard for this life.  My parents worked hard for this life, we enjoy working but we also enjoy reaping the benefits.”
“You are one of a kind David.  I am glad I know you.  I am glad I ran into you here, I have laughed more in the last couple of days than in the last year.”
David looked at her with sympathy. “That is understandable; it was a tough year for you.  As the grief gets lighter, the joy will come back into your life and laughter too.”
“I needed that reminder.” She said as she laid her hand on his arm with a quiet thank you.
“Anytime” he replied as he laid his hand on hers.  They were quiet in the car for a while as she remembered her past year.  Soon they were pulling up to the ranch and being welcomed by the Howe family.
“Welcome David”
“Hi Sam.  This is my friend Anna.” David said as Anna exited the limousine 
“Welcome Anna.  We are glad you could come.”
“Thank you.” Anna said shaking Sam’s hand
Sam led Anna and David down to his barn.  They walked the aisles and David inspected the horses.  He asked for several of them to be taken to the corral he had seen outside.  Sam directed his hands to move the horses David had indicated.  
David opened the corral and went in with the horses as Anna watched from the railing.  He had borrowed a rope from Sam and would lasso a horse and hold it still as he looked it over.  
Anna wondered what he was looking for but didn’t break his concentration to ask.  It was fun to watch him.  He was a horseman and he was excellent at it.  The research she had done on the ranch told her that the quality of horses he had in his program and that he was responsible for producing were exceptional quality.  
David looked over each horse and then had Sam move a couple of them back to their stalls.  For the remaining ones in the corral, he asked to see the paperwork on them.  Sam left them alone at the corral as he went to get the papers.
“Can I ask you a question?” Anna asked as David joined her
“Sure.” He answered
“What are you looking for?”
“First of all, obvious injuries.  Then form and stature.  How the horse reacts to strangers?  Things like that.”
“And then what do you do?” 
“I read the papers on them.  I will have him fax the papers on the ones I like to Lindsay.  She will run some statistics on them and see what spits out.”
“And then?”
“If it is beneficial to Stage West, we negotiate a contract.”
Anna was about to ask another question when there was a loud commotion in the barn.  
“Stay here” David said rushing back to the barn.  Inside the barn he found a horse thrashing about his stall.  The hands were too scared to go in but David did.  “Easy boy.” David said softly as he grabbed the rope and held him down “Easy”
After several minutes of quietness the horse was marginally calmer.  But now was slightly injured from his thrashing about.  Sam came running up to see what had happened.
“What happened?” he questioned his hands
“He didn’t want to be groomed.” One of them answered “As soon as I touched him he started thrashing about.”
David looked around the stall as the horse calmed down.  He found a shedding blade on the floor that the hand had tried to use.  “Is this horse shedding?  Were you using this on him?” David asked the hand
“Yes” the hand answered
“It hurt him.”
“I have used it before and he didn’t act this way.”
“Well, he will from now on.  You just scarred this horse.  He won’t want to be groomed again.”
Sam turned to the hand “You are dismissed for the day.  I will talk to you later; stay at the ranch but away from the horses.”
The hand nodded and left the barn.  
Sam entered the stall with David.  “How bad is he hurt?”
“He has a few cuts but he is nervous now.  He needs some medical attention.” David said trying to pet and calm the horse more.  “Easy fella.  You will be okay.”
“Thank you for handling this.  I appreciate it.”
“You are welcome.” David said as he walked out of the stall with Sam.  David noticed that Anna stood a few stalls away.  He walked to where she was.  “I told you to stay outside.  It might have been dangerous in here.”
“I waited until I didn’t hear anymore loud commotion.” She justified
“Still, it wasn’t a wise move.” David said turning back to Sam
“Here are the papers” Sam said handing them to David.
Anna wandered away as they discussed business.  She stopped by the stall of the injured horse.  He was calmer.  She talked softly to him.  “Hi there fella.  You are a handsome guy.  You didn’t like being mistreated did you?” Anna stood there for several minutes and talked to the big horse.  He finally stepped a little closer to her.  “Come here, I won’t hurt you.”
“Careful Anna” David said softly as he moved next to her “He may still be spooked.”
Anna nodded.  
“Are you ready to go?” he asked her a few minutes later
“Sure.  Are you done with your business?” she asked
David nodded and indicated that she should lead the way out.  
“Thank you for coming and I’ll fax those papers right away.” Sam said as they approached the limousine.  
“I will get back to you in a week or so.” David answered as he handed Anna into the car and then shook Sam’s hand then settled himself in the car.
The driver pulled back into the driveway of the ranch and headed for the hotel.
“Do you want to go anywhere before we return to the hotel?” David asked Anna
“No, but thank you.  Is that horse going to be okay?”
“Not if he stays at that ranch.  That guy has bad practices.”
“And you are going to do business with him?”
“Only if it is very profitable for me.  I’ll call in a couple of days and check on the horse.  I’ll offer to buy him and have him shipped to Nick at Stage West.  He can help him.”  He said getting out his cell phone.  
“Hello David” Lindsay answered
“Hi kid.  How are you?”
“I’m great.  How is your vacation?”
“Very good.  Guess who I met here?”
“Who?”
“Anna James”
“Really?”
“Yes, she is with me right now.  We just left the Howe ranch.  He is going to be faxing you some papers, will you run them through the program and have Nick look at them.”
“Sure, anything interesting?”
“Not really, you don’t have to rush this either.  Unless it is really profitable for me, we are not doing business with him.”
“Why?”
“Bad practices.  I may buy a horse from him though before it is totally ruined and unsalvageable.  Is Nick around?”
“I can transfer you to him.” 
“Please.  Talk to you later.”
“Have a good vacation.  Tell Anna hi for me.”
“I will.”
Lindsay transferred David to Nick.  
“Nick Cates” he answered
“It’s David.  How is everything?”
“It is good.  How is the vacation?”
“I met up with Anna James unexpectedly.”
“How is she?”
“She seems good.”
“That is good to hear.  Have you been to the Howe ranch?”
“We just left.  I may be getting you a horse to work with if Sam will sell him to me.”
“Why, what is wrong with him?”
“Long story which you will not like.  I’ll tell you later, can you handle him if I buy him?”
“Sure.  What about partnering with Sam Howe?”
“Only if you see something extremely profitable for Stage West when Lindsay gives you the scenarios.  And I do mean extremely profitable.  He has bad practices and we don’t want to get involved with him if it isn’t profitable.”
“Okay.  I wouldn’t like this guy would I?”
“Not hardly.  You would string him up in a heartbeat.”
“Good to know.”
“Call me after you have reviewed the scenarios but don’t rush.  I told him a week or so.”
“You really don’t like this guy do you?”
“No.  Talk to you later.”  David hung up and turned to see Anna holding in her laughter  “What are you laughing at?”
“You, Mr. Matthews” she smiled teasing him “You wanted to take all his horses away from him didn’t you?”
“Yes.  I’d shut him down if I could.  If one horse is mistreated, they all are.”
“You are a big softy.” 
“No, I am not.” He tried to say gruffly
“Yes, you are.  What would Nick not like about Sam?”
“Everything.  He would have filleted that ranch hand if he had been here.  Nobody mistreats a horse when Nick is around.  Nobody!”
“But Nick was so gentle with Jimmy.  I can’t picture him that way.”
“He loves horses.  He has an affinity with them that I have never seen before and he is even better at it than me.”
“Seriously?”
“Yes, that is why we offered him the partnership.  We need him at Stage West.  He made us better.  But never mistreat a horse in his presence, he will take you apart.  I have fired several hands when Nick caught them mistreating an animal.”
“Like I said, he was so gentle with Jimmy.”
“He loves kids and horses.  He is gentle with them.”
The limousine pulled into the driveway of the hotel several minutes later.  David exited the car and reached back to help Anna out.  “Are you available to join me for lunch?” David asked her as they entered the main entrance.
“Are you sure?” asked Anna
“Positive.” 
“I would like to then.” 
David led the way to the café and the hostess seated them right away.  The waitress came immediately and took their orders.  When it was just the two of them David decided he needed to know more about Anna.
“Tell me more about yourself.”
“I’m boring.”
“Tell me and I’ll decide.  How old are you?”
“Thirty-one and you shouldn’t ask ladies that question.”
“Then why did you answer it?” he smirked at her
“Because I don’t care if you know how old I am, I just wanted to tease you.” She answered
“Tease me?  You shouldn’t tease the king.”
Anna laughed at him.  
“Now, start talking.” He instructed “Where were you born?  How many siblings etc?”
“I was born and raised in Kansas.  Move to Arizona to go to college and medical school.  Stayed here when I was offered a position in a practice in my field.”
“Which is?”
“Pediatrics”
“Seriously?”
“Yes”
“Well, that explains why you were the best qualified to take care of Jimmy.”  Anna nodded her agreement.  “Go on… you skipped through twenty plus years of school and family.”
“I am an only child.  Parents alive but not great parents and we don’t communicate.”
“Why?”
“That is a maybe a story I will tell you some day.”
“Fair enough I guess.  Why Pediatrics?”
“It was the specialty that interested me the most in medical school and during my residency.”
Their meals arrived and David let up on questioning her.  She was glad; he had treaded on some dangerous territory that she didn’t want to share with him.  
“So, do I get to ask the questions now?” she asked smugly
“If you must.” He answered just as smugly
“How old are you?”
“Thirty-six”
“Did you always want to live at Stage West and work with horses?”
“Yes.  I went away to school for a while and was miserable.  I got my degree and ran back home.  I have put my degree to work and we have expanded our operations considerably.”
“I have no doubt of that at all.  You were amazing with those horses today.”
David waved off her compliment.  “Maybe someday you will see Nick work, he is the amazing one.”
“Maybe, but I was still impressed.  What do you think will happen to the hand that mistreated that horse?”
“Nothing.  I think Sam put on a show of reprimanding him for my benefit only.  Not too many people in the industry will cross me.  I have a reputation of excellence and quality.  I do not settle for less.”
“And the injured horse?  Is he quality?”
“Yes, if I get him away from Sam soon.”
“You really are going to try to buy him?”
“Yes.  I’ll offer him a good price.”
They finished their meal and rode the elevator to their floor.  As they exited, Anna turned to David “I had a good time today.  It was educational.”
David laughed at her.  “Educational?”
“Yes.  I learned more about the king.” She sassed to him and went in her room.


Chapter 4

The next afternoon Anna was sitting on the beach enjoying the sun and the waves when she saw David walking by.  “Hi David” she called as he came closer
“Hi.”
“Sit down” she indicated to the empty chair next to her 
“Are you enjoying your vacation?” 
“I am.  I slept in this morning which is a rare thing for me.  I went for a walk on the beach.  I was a big bum in other words.”
“Me too.  I was reading this morning and I called home to check on things.”
“And how are things?” she asked laughing at him
“Why are you laughing at me?”
“You are on vacation.  If they need you, they will call you.  You said you needed a break.”
“Did you call to check in at your practice?” David asked confident that he wasn’t the only one with an issue of control.  Anna blushed.  He had caught her.  “I knew it.  You aren’t any better at letting go of work than me.”
“True.  I apologize for laughing at you.” She said with a huge smile on her face.
“No you don’t.  Besides, I could use the excuse I was calling to check on my family members.”
“Did you talk to all of your family members and see how they were?”
“So, read any good books lately?” he asked changing the subject
“You didn’t answer my question.” 
“The weather here is really nice.  Why are you not out swimming in the ocean?”
Anna laughed at him again since he was avoiding her question.  “Why aren’t you?”
“I will if you will.”
“No, that would require a swimsuit and …”
“You didn’t bring a swimsuit to the beach?” he asked incredulously 
“No, I don’t wear swimsuits.”
David was caught off guard at her answer “Why not?”
“So, read any good books lately?” she asked avoiding his question 
“Anna, why not?”
“Have you called to check on that injured horse?”
“Anna, why do you not wear a swimsuit?”
“I don’t have the figure for it?” she asked
“Is that a question to me?”
“No!”
“I’ll answer it.  I have no problem answering it.”
“No.” she said sitting back in her chair and ignoring him.  
“Do you swim in the hotel pool?” he asked.  Anna ignored him and picked up her book.  He laughed at her avoidance tactic “You can’t ignore me.  I am like a pesky fly; I’ll buzz around driving you crazy.”
“Go swimming.” She said pointing to the ocean.
“Not unless you go.” He answered “Or not until you tell me why you don’t wear a swimsuit?”
“I’m uncomfortable about it.”
“Why?”
“I maybe will tell you that story someday too.”
“Fair enough.  Do you have plans for dinner tonight?”
“No.”
“Did you bring a nice dress?”
“Yes”
“Would you like to go out to a nice restaurant?”
“That would be lovely.”
“I’ll knock on your door about six.  By the way, how do you like your suite?”
“It’s wonderful.  Thank you for doing that for me.”
“Anytime.  If you ever want to go the hotels in the other cities, let me know.”
“David, I can’t just call you up and invite myself to stay in one of your hotels.”
“Sure you can.  You are a friend and we have friends stay all the time.”
“Well, don’t count on me doing it.” She replied shyly “Besides, I don’t travel much.”
“Have you been to the spa here?”
“I have an appointment tomorrow.” She replied
David nodded and stood up “I’m going swimming.  By-the-way, before we leave this vacation, you are going swimming.”
“Not even the king can make me go swimming.” She replied forcefully.
“Is that a challenge?” he asked walking away
“No, it is a fact.” She replied to his back.  


Anna was dressed and waiting for David.  She had enjoyed the past couple of days doing activities with him.  But I don’t want to intrude on his vacation.  He always has people depending on him.  Does he ever get time alone?  
David Matthews was a unique man.  He had self-confidence and lots of personality.  If he wanted something he went out and made it happen.  Just like me using this suite, I’m sure I said no, but here I am enjoying it anyway.  He had gotten a little to close this afternoon though.  I don’t want to tell him my past.  It is for me alone to know why I have scars.  I’ll have to avoid future discussions of personal topics. 
Anna was busy looking out the window at the beach when there was a knock at the door.  She went to open the door and was stunned speechless at his appearance.  He was dressed in a double breasted black suit.  It was beautiful.
“You look very handsome.” She finally said instead of hello
“Hi to you too.  You look very nice yourself.” He answered
“Thank you.”
“Are you ready?” He asked as he stepped inside her suite
“Yes, just let me get my shoes on and grab my wrap.” She said leaving the entry way.  
“You left the beach before I got done swimming, were you running from our conversation?”
Yes she replied to herself.  “You can’t make me go swimming.  I don’t even have a swimming suit and I am not going in my clothes.  So I don’t know how you think I will go swimming.”
David was grinning wickedly as she returned to the living area.  
“I may not know you very well David Matthews, but that look on your face is universal.  You are up to something but just knock it off and leave me alone about the swimming.”
“Tell me why?”
“Because I said so.”
“Why will you not go swimming?”
“I told you, maybe I’ll tell you some day.” She replied a little bit sad.  Anna moved to the door to leave the suite.  
“Then expect to go swimming soon.” He commented following her out.  
“David, unless you physically pick me up and throw me in the water, you cannot force me to go swimming.”
“If you say so…” he answered with a smug smile
They rode down to the lobby in the elevator; he was still smiling and plotting.  Anna was avoiding looking at him and wishing things in her life were different.  He would be a good guy to be more than friends with, but that just couldn’t happen.
David led her to the waiting limousine and handed her in.  The chauffer closed the door after David entered and a moment later they were on their way to dinner.
“Where are we going?” she asked
“It is a restaurant that overlooks the ocean; I think you will like it.”
“I’m sure I will.  Besides the nice thing about going out to dinner is usually the company.”
“Usually?” he asked winking at her “Does that include me?”
She appeared to think about her answer and then answered “Yes it does, even though you are definitely up to something.”
He laughed and didn’t confirm or deny her assumption.  “So, have you read any good books lately?” he asked changing the subject.  She laughed and answered him.  This topic of conversation lasted until they reached the restaurant.  They discovered they had similar taste in books and some of their favorite authors were the same.  The hostess led them to their table and the waiter appeared to take their orders.  After that business was done, Anna turned to look out the window where they were seated.
“This view is lovely.”  The afternoon fog was beginning to drift in but you could still see the majesty of the water as it smashed into the rocks at the bottom of the cliff then bounced upward and then crashed down again.  Anna had only recently become a fan of the ocean as she hadn’t seen one until just a few years ago after graduating from medical school.  
“I thought you might enjoy it.  I know I am.” He replied looking at her instead of the ocean.  Anna looked at David and found him looking at her instead of the scenery.
“Ah, David, what are you doing?”
“Enjoying the view.” He answered still looking at her
“The view is out there.” She said pointing to the window.  
“One view is out there.  There are multiple things to see here.” David commented 
“Well, don’t be looking at me, I’m not one of them.” She said softly staring at her hands in her lap.
David reached across the table and lifted her chin so she had to look at him.  “I disagree.  You are beautiful.”
Anna’s heart started to pound.  He isn’t hurting you; you are in a public place.  Relax.  Deep breath.  Again.  Anna didn’t know she was telegraphing her fear to him until he shocked her by asking “What’s wrong?  You look scared to death.”
Anna shook her head which caused his hand to move back.  “Would you excuse me for a moment?” she asked standing to leave the table “I’ll be right back.”
David rose as a courtesy but was very confused and concerned.  She is acting like a spooked horse.  Has someone hurt her in the past?
Anna was rushing to the ladies room to compose herself.  Why did I do this?  I don’t date.  I don’t make close friends, they can hurt you.  I thought he just wanted a dinner companion just to be friendly.  Surely he didn’t mean his comments, I am not beautiful.  Anna placed a few cold towels on her face and neck to calm down then returned to the table.
David was looking out at the ocean but thinking about her when she moved the chair and sat down again.  Their first course was delivered before he could question her.
“The food is excellent.” She commented after a few bites.  “Thank you for inviting me.”
“I’m glad you came with me.  I’m very glad we met here, I have enjoyed talking to you and my trip to the Howe ranch was much more pleasant with you along.”
“That is nice to hear.  I don’t want you to think you have to do things with me just because we are here at the same time.”
“And that goes for me too.  But I have enjoyed and do enjoy your company.”
They went several minutes without speaking as they enjoyed their food.  David watched Anna, her color had returned to her face and she seemed to be relaxing again.  He knew that would change when he asked her what had happened but he really wanted to know.
“Will you answer a question for me?”
“If I can.” She answered looking at him.
“Has someone hurt you physically in the past?”
“What makes you ask that?” she countered trying to deflect him
“Don’t answer my question with a question, answer it with the truth.”
Thankfully for Anna, the next course of their meal was delivered before she could answer.  If I just ignore the question long enough, he will forget what he asked.
“The truth?” he said again a moment later
“David, this is a lovely dinner.  Please can we talk about this another time?”
David agreed because her face had started to look pale again.  They switched topics of conversation to something much more pleasant.  
“How old were you the first time you rode a horse?” she asked him
“Apparently I was a baby.  My mom and dad would bundle me up and they would go for rides together.”
“Is that safe?” 
“Well, I don’t seem to have suffered too much damage from it.  Do I?”
“No.”
“If I have children, I will probably do the same thing.  Riding can be very romantic.  Of course, it would be more romantic with just me and the girl.  I have plenty of people around my house to babysit.”
Anna nodded but appeared sad again.  
“When did you learn to ride?” he asked trying to remove the haunted look from her face
“Just a few years ago.  I took some lessons; it has been a while since I had the time to ride.”
“Didn’t you take Jimmy?”
“No, after his second round of treatments he was too weak to ride by himself and I’m not strong enough to ride with him like Nick did.  That is why I arranged that weekend for him.”
“What is your favorite thing to do in your spare time?” David asked 
“Spare time?  What is that again?”
David laughed.  “You know, when you are not working.”
“I sleep” She joked.  “No, mainly I like to read. Walk around the neighborhood.”
“Have you had any other foster children since Jimmy?”
“No, I took my name off the list for a while.  Some of the kids that I had prior to Jimmy were in pretty bad shape when they came to me.  I wasn’t sure I could handle that again.  I wouldn’t put them at further risk just to prove something to myself.  I want to be sure.”
“That sounds like a good plan.  How will you know?”
“I’m not sure about that either.  Hopefully, I will feel the urge to do it again and that will be my way of knowing I can handle another child again.”
“That seems reasonable.”
The waiter came to remove their dinner plates and ask if they would like dessert.  David looked at Anna and she shook her head no.  “Are you sure?” he asked
“Yes, but go ahead.” She urged so he ordered his favorite dessert of chocolate cake.
“You can share mine.” He whispered as the waiter left.
“I’m fine but thank you.” She whispered back.  
David thoroughly enjoyed his cake when the waiter returned with it.  “Are you sure I can’t tempt you?” he said offering her a bite
Anna shook her head.  “Is chocolate cake your favorite dessert?”
“Yes.  Gabby makes a chocolate cake for everyone’s birthday.  We all love it.”
“She is really special.  She has the gift of hospitality.”
“I agree with you, we have lots of guests at Stage West for various reasons.  She always makes them feel welcome and she always makes great food for them.”
David finished his dessert and paid the bill and they left the restaurant and returned to the hotel.  As they reached the top floor, Anna started to head to her suite but David gently captured her hand and led her to his suite.
“What are you doing?” she asked concerned
“It’s another time.” He answered
“What?”
“You said to save that conversation for another time, well it is another time.  Come in.” he said opening his suite.
“I really meant never.” She replied
“I know, but I didn’t.  I want to know.”
“David, we barely know each other.  Why do you need to know?”
“We barely know each other for now.  What if that changes?”
“It won’t.”
“What does that mean?”
“It isn’t you David, it is me.  I’m not someone you want to know.”
“Excuse me?  Why wouldn’t I want to know you more?”
“I told you I’m boring.” She replied hoping that would be the end
“That’s crap.” He said taking her by the hand and leading her to the couch.  He pointed to the couch to indicate she should sit.  She did reluctantly.  “Start talking.” He insisted
“About what?” she stalled
“Beginning to end…. Why you don’t talk to your parents?  Why you don’t wear a swim suit?  Were you hurt by someone?  Why you think you aren’t worth knowing?  I have a feeling they are all related.”  Anna jumped up from the couch but he stopped her with hand.  “Please, I want to know.”
Anna moved away from him and went to look out the window.  Tell him and then walk away.  You never have to see him again.  Sarah can get someone else to help her or we can talk by phone.  Anna was still looking out the window when she started talking.  “I would appreciate it if you never share this story with anyone.  Of course, why you want to know is beyond me too.”
“I won’t share, but I do want to know.”
“I grew up in a very small town.  My parents barely worked, barely got along with each other and were always drinking.  They apparently worked steadily when I was a baby but we were assisted by the state for most of my childhood.  From the time I was four until I was sixteen, I was physically abused.  I was burned with cigarette butts a few times usually I was cut with his knife.”
“I have had broken ribs, more bruises than you can imagine and worse.  They were usually smart enough to make the abuse where it wouldn’t show to the people at school, so no one ever suspected.”
Anna was crying slightly now as the story continued.  She wiped her tears off and took in a deep breath “When I got to be sixteen, he wanted the abuse to turn to sexual abuse for him and his buddies but he didn’t want have any repercussions so once when he was really drunk, he took a knife to me.  He drugged me and got my mother really drunk also and had her hold me down as he started his “operation”.  He got scared when he saw the amount of blood so they finally called for help and I was taken to a hospital but he had already done the damage.”
“I was put in foster care after I got out of the hospital.  I had a really nice family.  The mother of the dad was wealthy and she liked me.  She paid for counseling and she paid for me to go to college and medical school.  I still go to counseling.”  Anna continued to look out the window but stopped talking.  
“And your parents?”
“Went to prison for a while.  Both are out now, but they don’t know where I am or what my name is.  I changed it legally with the help of my benefactor.”  Anna turned and walked to the door of his suite without looking at him.  “Goodbye David” she whispered as she opened the door and left.  
Anna rushed across the hall to her suite and opened the door with shaking hands.  She rushed to her bedroom and collapsed on the bed in a heap.  The tears were pouring out now as she relived everything.  
Finally the tears abated and the memories eased as she remembered things her counselor had taught her.  No one can physically hurt you again.  You are strong enough to fight back.  This is not your fault.  She had also been told repeatedly that she would heal and be able to have normal relationships again.  But that had never happened and it probably never would.


Anna heard a knock on her door.  She knew it was probably David so she ignored it.  The knock came again but she ignored again.  The third time he pounded on the door.  “Anna, open the door.”  But she still didn’t answer.  “Anna, Open the door!” he yelled as he pounded again.
Anna walked to the door but didn’t open it.  “Go away.”
“No. Open the door.”
“Go away!” she exclaimed again
“I can have security up here in two minutes and open this door.”
Anna jerked the door open “Why do you care?  I told you the story.  Now you know I’m not worth knowing…forget you ever knew Anna James.”
“I still want to know you.” He said forcefully “I can’t forget you.  Especially not now.”
“Why?  I don’t need you to feel sorry for me.  I’m fine.  I have my work and my foster kids when they need someone.”
“And a personal life?  Husband and kids of your own?”
“Weren’t you listening?  I can’t have kids of my own and any husband would run screaming from the room on our wedding night.  The trauma he would receive at the first look at my scars would…”
“Stop it.” David said gently “You are beautiful.”
Anna laughed without humor.  “Beautiful?  I’ll never be beautiful.  Go back to your room and leave me alone.”
“Sorry toots, ain’t happening.” He said sitting on her couch.  
“David, you may own this hotel, but the police will still throw you out of my room if I called them.”
“Let’s see.  Call them up.”
“What do you want?” 
“To talk to you calmly and rationally.”
Anna sat down in the chair and curled her legs up under her.  “I’m not going to hurt you.” He said at her defensive position.
“I know.  I wouldn’t let you.  I can defend myself.”
“That’s good to know but why are you all curled up like I am going to strike you?”
“Bad habit.” She answered as she sat a little straighter in the chair.
“Will you come over here and sit by me?” he asked
She shook her head no.
“Please.” He pleaded solemnly.  Anna reluctantly got up from her chair and sat down on the couch but not too close.  
“Anna” he said turning to face her even though she wasn’t facing him.  He gently touched her chin to see if she would look at him.  She did turn slightly towards him.  “You aren’t afraid of me.”
“No.  I have been to counseling.  I know the difference in good touches and harmful touches.”
“But at the restaurant when I touched you, you got scared.”
“It sometimes happens if it is unexpected.  But mainly tonight you were getting close and well…” she paused
“Yes?”
“I don’t let people get that close.” She admitted
“Have you ever dated?”
“Are you serious?” she asked flabbergasted.
“Yes, I am serious.”
“What part of this horror story did you miss?  The part where I never had friends as a kid or the part where no man would ever want to be with me.”
“Because of a few scars?”
“A few scars?” she said aghast  “Weren’t you listening?  A few doesn’t even begin to cover it.  Fine, you want details?”
David was scared of her tone and what she planned to do.  He’d challenged her and now she was going to prove him wrong.  He didn’t want to know this way.  “No. Don’t do this.” 
“You want to see them, fine with me.  Stay here I’ll be right back.” She jumped up from the couch and rushed to her bedroom.
A few minutes later, the door opened.  “See, I really lied about not having a swim suit.  I bought one just in case I really found the courage to go out in public.  But I can use it for show and tell instead.” She said sarcastically as she stood in front of him and turned around and around so he could get the full picture.  “Unfortunately, I can’t show all of them too you without removing all my clothes but hey if you really need to see them, I will… do you need too?”
“Anna stop.  You are beautiful inside and out.”
“Get out!” she said pointing to the door “Leave me alone.”
David shook his head and refused to leave.  “We have more to talk about.”
“No we don’t.  Let me make this plain and simple.  I don’t have friendships other than a few acquaintances.  I don’t date.  I won’t marry and I can never have kids, my father made sure of that.  Did I miss anything?  Do you understand everything now?  Good, now get out!” she said pointing to the door again.
David held out his hand towards Anna.  She stared at it like it was going to bite her.  “What?” she asked  
“Take my hand.” He answered.  She shook her head no.  “Please, will you take my hand?”
“Why?”
“Please, will you take my hand?” he asked again
She reluctantly took his hand.  He very very gently urged her back to sit on the couch.  David didn’t speak he just held her hand.  He moved his other hand to caress it but he still didn’t speak.  
“What are you doing?” she asked several moments later
“Holding your hand.” He answered gently
“I can see that, why are you holding my hand?”
“Because I really want to.”
“I don’t understand you.  Why aren’t you saying anything?”
“I don’t think you will believe my words, so I am going to let my actions talk for me.  I’d do more than hold your hand, but I don’t think you are ready for that either.”
“More of what?”
“I’d hold you in my arms and kiss you.”
She jerked her hand away and scrambled off the couch.  “You just feel sorry for me.”
“Yes, but not in the way you think.  I feel sorry for you that you didn’t have as wonderful parents as I did.  I feel sorry for you that you didn’t have as wonderful friends as I did.  But I don’t feel sorry for you about not being married and having kids.  No, that just makes me mad!  That is just garbage that you believe that.”
“David, are you blind?  Look at me… look at this scar or this one or any of them…who would want that to look at every day for the rest of his life.  They are ugly.” 
“No!  What caused them is ugly.  It is horrendous, and if I ever see them or know where your parents are…then my family is going to need to find me a lawyer.  But that is beside the point, do the scars look the same as they did when you were a child?”
“No, scars change and fade over time.”
“See, they look horrible to you because you lived it.  You see the scar and remember how it got there.  I see the scar and see “she survived it.”  That is beauty.  That is strength.  That is courage.”
“But…” she stopped trying to find an argument to refute what he was saying.  
David held out his hand again and this time she took it more willingly.  He pulled her onto his lap this time.  “Does this bother you?” he asked wrapping his arms around her loosely
“No, why am I sitting on your lap?  We don’t know each other that well.”
“I am skipping past all that get to know you crap and jumping into this.  You will hold me at arm’s length forever being acquaintances if I don’t push a little.  But first, I guess I need to ask if you even could or would want to be more than acquaintances with me?  Forget that there are other circumstances you think would bother me.  Just answer, if you believed you were normal, would I be someone you would date?  You can be brutally honest.  Yes or No?  You can even think about it for a while.”
“David, those other circumstances do exist and they do matter.”
“For one second, pretend they don’t…if you had a normal childhood and I met you and asked you to go on a date or several dates, would you do it?”
“Yes.” She answered 
“Wonderful.” He smiled “Let’s go from there.  And if we decide later that we don’t want to date anymore then you have had a successful male/female relationship.”
“But what if, I can’t be in a normal male/female relationship?  What if, you get serious about me and I can’t feel the same about you?  What if we do eventually feel like having more of a relationship, what if I get scared and can’t handle a physical relationship?”
“Those are all good questions… I don’t have perfect answers for them.  I can’t see into the future.  I will make you a promise, are you listening really closely?”
“Yes, I’m listening.” She answered looking at him
“I promise to ask first before kissing you.  I promise to treasure you and respect your fears.”
“Kiss me?  You want to kiss me?”
David chuckled a little.  “Yes.  Now, will you promise me something?”
“Maybe”
“If you get scared by some action, hand holding, a kiss, a hug, if I am scaring you in anyway, please tell me.  I would never want to hurt you, but I might not always be able to read you and know when you are scared.”
“I promise.  Do you really want to go to all this trouble, David?” she asked still not believing this was happening.  He smiled and nodded at her.  “Why?”
“Anna, you are a wonderful person.  You are kind, fun, loving and so many other things I haven’t discovered yet but I will.  And I know you don’t believe me but you are beautiful inside and out!”
“But the scars?”
“They don’t bother me.  Do you want me to show you?”
“Show me how?”
“It would require me touching you.  Would that bother you?”
“I guess we need to find that out if we are going to date.”
“Stand up.” He urged and she did.  He stood up to and faced her.  “First of all, I want to hug you.” He said putting both arms around her and pulling her to him gently.  She moved her arms to wrap around his shoulders and neck.  
“Okay?” he asked
“Yes, I told you.  I know the difference between a good touch and a bad touch.”
“I am just making sure.” He said letting go of her to step back.  He captured her hands and held them straight out to her sides.  He kept his gaze on the scars on her stomach.  “Keep your arms out.  I am going to touch you.”
She nodded as he ran his hands across her arms to her shoulders and down to caress her stomach.  He kept his eyes on her face to watch for fear.  When he didn’t see any he dropped his eyes to his hands where they caressed her.  “Your skin feels wonderful under my hands.”  He said softly. 
Anna shuddered with pleasure but he misunderstood.  “I’m sorry.” He said backing away.
“No” she said grabbing his hand and placing it back on her stomach.  “That wasn’t fear.  That felt really nice.”
“Yes, it did.  I was warring with myself.  If I look at her eyes to check for fear, is she going to think I don’t want to look at her scars?  If I look at the scars too long, is she going to think they are ugly and I can’t look away?”
“I already know they are ugly.  I liked it when you looked at my eyes and my scars both.”
David smiled at her and sat back down.  She tried to move to sit beside him, but he stopped her and had her sit on his lap.  
“There is plenty of room on the couch.” She said pointing to the big empty space beside him.
David shook his head as he explained “My imaginary friend is sitting there.  You have to sit on my lap.”  Anna burst out laughing.  “You are laughing at me and my imaginary friend.  He is hurt, you made him cry.”
“Stop” she said with tears rolling down her cheeks.  
“Feel better now?” he asked smiling gently at her
“Yes, thank you.” She said wrapping her arms around his shoulder and relaxing against him.  
David thought it was time to change the subject after several minutes of silence.  He’d been watching her and she seemed much calmer than before.  “What time is your appointment at the spa tomorrow?” 
“Fairly early, why?”
“What were you planning to do after that?”
“Maybe go shopping.  I want to send some souvenirs to my some friends of mine.  My foster parents.”
“You still keep in touch with them?”
“Yes, we are pretty close actually.  They are very special to me.”
“That is wonderful to hear.  Were they here for Jimmy’s funeral?”
“Yes, I didn’t have a chance to introduce you.  Maybe someday.”
“I would love that.”
“Anna?”
“Yes”
“Can I tag along on your shopping trip?”
“You want to go shopping with me?” 
“Yes.  I want to spend time with you.”
“I would like that.”  
“Good.  I guess it is getting pretty late, we should get some sleep.”
“I’m exhausted actually.” She said getting up off his lap.
David stood but captured her hand “I’ll bet.  Thank you for sharing your story with me.  I didn’t handle it too well, as usual, I was a bit forceful in getting you to talk to me but I appreciate your trust in me.”
“You handled it better than I did.  It is better that you know.  Keeping it a secret is hard but the pity in other people’s eyes is even harder.”
“Will you call me or come to my suite when you appointment is over?” he asked as he opened the door to leave
“Yes, I’ll stop by.” 
“Anna, I’d like to give you a kiss.” He stated
“Okay.” She answered.
He leaned towards her and kissed her cheek.  “Get some sleep.”
“Good night” she said as he walked away.
Anna shut the door to her suite and locked all the locks.  Me and David Matthews dating?  I never would have imagined that.


Chapter 5

The next morning, the butler answered Anna’s knock on David’s door.  “Good morning.” He said inviting her in.
“Good Morning, Casey.” She responded moving through the door.  She saw that David was in the living room talking on the phone and she paused.  He saw her motion that she could come back later but he waved her over.  
“Sam.  It is David Matthews”
“Hi David.”
“I’m calling to see how that injured horse is?”
“The veterinary came and treated his wounds, he should be fine.”
“Would you sell him to me?  My friend Anna really liked the look of him and has been begging me to buy him.” Anna glared playfully at him and his eyes twinkled over the joke.  
“Sure, I’ll sell him.”
David and Sam discussed a price and came to an agreement.  “I’ll have Lindsay call you and get some information to you and arrange for the transportation to Stage West.”
“Ok, have you run the other data I gave you?”
“Lindsay wasn’t going to be able to do that for about another week.  I’ll get back to you on that.  I’m on vacation for a couple of weeks.”
“Have fun.  Bye.”
David answered and hung up.  “I guess you have yourself a horse, Miss James.” David said as he put the phone down
“I do not.  I didn’t buy him.”
“He is yours anyway after Nick finishes with him.”
“David!  I am not buying a horse.”
“I didn’t say you were buying a horse.  I said you have a new horse.”
“How is he going to be mine if I don’t buy him?”
“I’m giving him to you.” He answered
“You can’t give me a horse.” She exclaimed
“Sure I can.  I just did.”
“Why?”
“Because I wanted to.”  He said pulling out his phone again.  “I need to call Lindsay.  Are you in a hurry?”
Anna shook her head no.
“Hi David” Lindsay said when she answered the phone.  “How is your vacation?”
“It is great.  Anna and I have been having some fun.”  Anna gasped that he had told Lindsay they were doing things together
“That’s great” Lindsay responded
“I arranged to buy the horse from Sam.  Can you call him and get him the contract and get him the money?  Oh, and arrange transportation to Stage West.”
“Sure” 
David told her the agreed upon price and thanked her for handling the transaction.  “Is Nick around?”
“Sure.  I’ll transfer you to him.  Bye.”
“Bye kid.”
Lindsay transferred him to Nick
“Nick Cates” he answered
“It’s David.”
“Hey.  How’s the vacation?”
“Great.  Anna and I have been getting better acquainted.”
“Sounds like fun.”
“I bought that horse I was telling you about.  I don’t know exactly the damage to him.  I gave him to Anna so make him so she can ride him.”
Nick burst out laughing.  “Anna needed a horse, did she?”
“Sure why not?”
“I take it we are going to be seeing Anna around the ranch then.”
David turned away to answer “I certainly hope so.” He answered seriously.
“Are you serious?  I can’t wait to tell the family.”
“I’ll bet.  Anyway, Lindsay is working out the transportation details for the horse.  Have you looked over any scenarios for Sam’s other horses?”
“No, we haven’t had time.  We are staying pretty busy.”
“Do I need to come home?”
“No, we are doing fine.  Enjoy your time with Anna.”
“I will.  Talk to you later.” David said hanging up and turning to look at Anna
“How was your spa treatment?”
“David, you can’t give me a horse.”
“I already did.  Nick is going to train him for you.”
“What am I going to do with a horse?” she asked
“Ride him when you come to the ranch.” He answered like that should have been obvious
“I’ll be coming to Stage West.”
“I hope so.  My family will want to get to know you too.  And when you meet with Sarah, it will probably be at the ranch.  Sarah doesn’t drive much.”
Anna nodded.  “She told me about her illness.  That is why she didn’t need a horse and I don’t really need one either.”
“Sure you do.  It is better if the horse gets to know its owner and that happens the more you ride him.”
“You make it sound like I’ll be at Stage West every weekend.”
“Yeah, so?”
Anna’s jaw dropped in surprise.  
“I forgot to tell you good morning.” David said bending to kiss her cheek.  “You look very nice.  What did you have done at the spa?”
“Manicure and Pedicure.” She answered waving her hands in his direction to show off her nails.
“Not a massage?”
Anna shook her head at him.  “Except for you no one has seen me without clothes on.”
“Speaking of that...” he started to say
“What?” she asked suspiciously.  She might not have known David a long time but she knew he was always thinking and plotting.  
“I had an idea.  Two actually.  When we are alone, will you wear your swim suit or some type of clothing that shows yours scars.  I want you to get used to me looking at you.  And the second idea was, we keep a boat docked here in San Diego, will you go out on her with me?  And wear your swimsuit, we would be alone so you could feel comfortable with few clothes on.”
Anna sat down hard on the couch and stared at him.  
“What’s wrong?” he asked immediately sitting down beside her
“I’m not sure I’m comfortable with you seeing me again.”
“That’s the point of my suggestion, is for you to get comfortable with me seeing you.”
“You’re serious?”
“Very.  I like to look at you but you don’t seem to want me too.”
“I’ll try it.  But I don’t really have clothes that don’t cover me up.”
“We are going shopping aren’t we?  We can pick some out.  
Anna agreed somewhat reluctantly and they left to go on their shopping spree.  David and Anna entered the women’s clothing area at a local store.  Anna was nervous, she had never shopped with a man before.  Mainly she ordered her clothes from online stores for convenience and because she didn’t have to try them on.  David could tell she was nervous.
“Are you okay?” he asked
“Just a little nervous.  I usually shop online.”  She left out the part of her thought about never shopping with a male before.  
David stopped walking and turned to her.  “The reason I brought you to this store is because they cater to their customers.  There is a personal shopper if you want one and their dressing rooms are completely private.”
“I appreciate you thinking of my comfort.  You are a very thoughtful man.”
“I want your comfort above anything else.  When you are relaxed, you let me know you more.  I really really want that.” He said quietly but imploringly.
Anna nodded and he started to look around at the clothes in the store.  One of the store staff members came to ask if she could be of assistance and Anna decided to relax and have fun with this experience.  
Anna and the sales assistant, Connie, spent several minutes discussing items and fashions.  They picked out several items for Anna to try on.  Anna held each one up for David’s opinion which he gave freely.  
“We might go out to dinner again, what about a cocktail dress or two.”
Connie led the way to the dresses and Anna picked out several.  David found one he like and held it up for Anna to review.  It was very beautiful but a little bit more revealing than she was used to.  She started to say no but caught the pleading look in his eyes.  “Trust me?” he asked so she agreed to try it on.  
Anna followed Connie to the dressing rooms, David found the chair in the outer room while Anna went into the private room.  He told Anna she had to model the outfits for him.  She was surprised but reluctantly agreed.  As she went to try on the first outfit, he drew the sales assistant aside.  “This shopping spree is on me, if she acts reluctant about something because of the price include it in the order anyway.”
“Yes sir” Connie answered “She has excellent taste in clothes and a great figure for showing them off.”
“Can you tell her that if you get a chance?  She is pretty nervous.”
Connie nodded her agreement and went to help Anna.  Anna opened the door and came out to look at the mirror.  She was surprised at how good the dress David had picked out for her looked on her.  
“You look beautiful.” Connie assured her.  “That dress was made for you.”
David was smiling and nodding his agreement when Anna turned from the mirror to look at him.  “Glorious.”
Anna and Connie spent the next hour on furnishing Anna a new wardrobe including accessories.  Each time Anna tried to balk at the expense, David and Connie took up sides against her and told her she really needed the item.  Finally, Anna was done and as she was getting dressed, David went with Connie and they had the items already packaged up and paid for before Anna returned.  David knew she wasn’t going to be happy about his highhanded behavior so he grabbed her hand and the packages and headed out of the store.
“David” she growled at him when they were seated in the limousine
“What?”
“You can’t buy these clothes for me.”
“I already did.” He answered “Where did you want to go next?”
Anna decided they would have this discussion later and told the driver where to go next.  She wanted to play tourist for a while and they headed to the shops by the beach.  
“This discussion is not over.” She said to David
“I didn’t figure it would be.” He answered “You gave up much too easily.”
Anna glared at him but he was just laughing at her.  “And I intend to win” she stated
“I already bought the clothes, how can you win?  It is a done deal.”
“So says the king.” 
David threw back his head and laughed.  “I told you, that doesn’t bother me one bit.  Besides, it saves time in arguments if you just do what I say.”
“And be a carpet and have you walk all over me, I don’t think so.” She said laughingly “My days of being a pushover and at the mercy of someone else are long gone.”  David started to object.  “Even someone who I know would never hurt me, if that was your next comment.”
“No, I would never physically hurt you.  And you weren’t being a pushover when your parents abused you.  You were a child.”
“A child who didn’t know her parents shouldn’t be hurting her like that.  I thought all kids were treated that way.”
David reached over with his hand and cupped her cheek.  “I’m so sorry for you.  A child should be cherished and protected, I wish I could give that to you.”
Anna placed her hand over David’s. “Thank you for saying that.  That means a lot.”
The car pulled up outside of the shops where Anna wanted to go.  David reached his hand back to assist Anna out of the car but didn’t let go of her hand.  “Is this okay?” he asked indicating their joined hands.
“It is more than okay.” She answered smiling “It feels really nice.”
“I completely agree.”
The couple spent the next several hours shopping and having a great time.  He held her hand as much as possible and she was relaxed in his company.  They stopped for ice cream and got carried away looking at all the tourist hot spots and the goofy gifts advertising the beach.  Anna purchases gifts for her foster family and arranged to have them shipped directly to them.  David shopped for gifts for his family too.  “They will be totally shocked.” He told her once.  
As they were heading back to the hotel, he asked if she would have dinner with him.  
“I’d love to.” She answered
“Would you like to dress up and go out or order in and relax?”
“You decide.  I have no preference.” She said leaning back in the seat
“I’m for relaxing and ordering room service.”
“Sounds heavenly.  I may have shopped ‘til I dropped today.”
“You looked like you were having fun though.”
“I did have fun.  You helped make it fun.  I am glad you went with me.”
“Me too.”
They arrived back at the hotel and rode the elevator to their suites.  David dropped her packages off in her room.  
“I have to check in with my practice.” She told him
“Come over to my suite whenever you are ready.  My suite has a hot tub so bring your suit.”
“Maybe.” She answered
“Please” he pleaded heading out the door.


At Stage West that night, Nick had something to share with his family.  “David told me something interesting today.” He started
“And what was that?” Dalton, David’s brother, asked
“When he told me that he bought a horse for Anna, I smarted off that we would be seeing Anna more around here.  And his response was, “I certainly hope so.”
“Seriously?” Lindsay and Sarah asked in unison
“He sounded sincere to me.” Nick answered
“That is fabulous.” replied Gabby  “I really liked her.”
“I think he is feeling the same way Mama.” Nick stated  
“Wow.  I wasn’t sure he would ever bring someone home for the family to meet.” Lindsay commented.  
Gabby responded “I knew he would when he met the right woman.”
The conversation at the table focused on David and Anna for several more minutes.  Anna had impressed the family when she had visited with Jimmy.  And if she had captured David’s attention, she was special.



Chapter 6

Anna decided to be brave and wear one of the outfits she had picked out that day.  The shirt was probably the most revealing garment she had ever worn outside of her house.  It was a low-cut halter top and her shorts showed off her legs.  She was nervous as she picked up her swimming suit to take to David’s room.  Maybe, I’ll wear this.  She thought to herself.
David answered her knock on the door.  He was surprised to see what she was wearing.  “You look amazing.” He said running his eyes up and down her body.  “I’m glad you chose that outfit.”
“This is a first for me.  I am a little nervous about being in public.”
“We aren’t in public; it is just you and me.  Although, if we were in public, you would still look amazing.”
“You are just saying that to make me feel better.”
“Do I strike you as the type of person who says things to make others feel better?”
“Now that you mention it…No.  You tell it like it is.”
“That’s right.  I do tell it like it is.  You look amazing.” He emphasized
Anna blushed at his tone and words.  “Thank you.” She said quietly.
“Are you hungry?” he asked handing her the room service menu
“Starved” she answered.  She looked over the menu and gave him her order.  She sat on the chair as he placed the order.
As he walked past her, he held out his hand silently asking her to take it.  As she did, he pulled her up and led her to the couch.  “Thank you.” He said as they sat down
“For what?”
“For sitting on the couch with me.  I wanted you to be close.”  He looked at their joined hands and began to caress hers with his other hand.  
“David?”  He looked up at her.  Puzzled she asked “What are you doing?”
“Admiring these graceful hands.  I have enjoyed holding your hand today.”
“I have enjoyed that myself.  You have very nice hands too.” She said 
He scoffed “Mine are rough and callused”
“Yeah so?  I like the feel of them.”
“But they may be too rough for you.  I don’t want to scare you.”
Anna reached over and cupped her hand under his chin to bring his eyes up to hers.  “David, I don’t know how to say this the right way but it won’t be the texture of your hands that might scare me.  I will be nervous about you seeing my skin or the act.  I don’t remember the texture of my father’s skin so if you are worried that you might remind me of him, don’t.”
“That does concern me.” He answered honestly.  
“Can I tell you something?”
“Anything, always.” He responded
“I don’t want to talk about my parents but you need to know this.  My father was tall and skinny.  You look nothing like him.  You are not built like him and you in no way remind me of him.”
“Thank God.”
“Yes, I do every day.”
Anna paused for a moment remembering “His touch was never sexual, it was going to be but never got to that point.  I try not to remember the details but usually if I made him mad he would hit me or take his knife out and cut me.  My mother would usually just hit me, if she was drunk and really mad… it would be the cigarette burns.”
David was furious “How could they…”
Anna placed her finger over his lips to stop him.  “I have to say something that could be construed as forward but I’m just going to spit it out.  It is going to be blunt.”  David nodded and waited  “I am very sure they way that you touch me is not going to remind me of him at all.  I will be nervous because it is new for me and because I don’t like the way I look.”
David took her hand in his and gave her a serious look “Well, I do like the way you look.  And nervous because it is new to you, I can handle…you being fearful of me hurting you … I can’t handle that.”
“Then relax.  I am not fearful of you.  Surprised by the attention, but not fearful.”
David was about to respond to her comment when there was a knock at the door.  He opened it and the room service staff entered with their dinner.  Anna joined David at the table where their dinner was waiting.  
“David, we need to talk about you buying me those clothes.”
“No, we don’t need to talk about that.  It was my treat.”
“Stop being “the king” for one minute and listen to me.”
“I’m listening but I’m not changing my mind either.”
“But?” she began to protest again.
He held up his hand “It was my idea and I wanted to do it.”
“But if we stop “dating”, you will have bought me all these clothes.”
“First of all, they are just clothes.  Rip them to shreds if you get mad at me.  Secondly, don’t picture us as a temporary couple just yet… the more I think of us as a couple the more I like the idea.”  Anna gasped in surprise but David continued “You are surprised?  Why?”
“I was thinking this was a vacation thing and you would go back home and forget about me.”
“And you forget about me?”
“Not likely.”
“Well, it wasn’t likely for me either…but it isn’t going to just be a vacation thing.  I’m sure I want to continue this romance when we get home.  Besides I bought you a horse and you have to come ride him.”
“I thought you were joking about that.” She answered
“I don’t joke about much sweetheart.  I was very serious, Nick is going to train him for you and then he is yours.”
“What do I know about being the owner of a horse?”
“You’ll learn.  It’s not like you have to do much, I have a whole staff full of people that take care of the horses.  You’ll enjoy it.  I’ll enjoy riding with you, showing you my ranch.  The meadows at sunset.  The creek during the warm summer.  It is beautiful.”
Anna nodded.  “What do you like best about being a rancher?”
“The best thing is that it is a family business and I get to see my family every day.  I like horses very much.  I like the challenge of working with them and making them better and better.  I love it.  Every bit of it.”
“What is the worst thing about your job?” she asked
“People like Sam Howe.  His animals depend on him and he mistreats them or lets them be mistreated.”
They talked more as they enjoyed their dinner.  David tried to share his chocolate cake with Anna but she refused again.  “You do like chocolate cake, don’t you?  Because if you don’t, we might have a problem.” He teased
“I do like chocolate cake.” She assured him.  “I just watch my weight.  I could be skinnier.”
“Not in my opinion.” He commented looking her over with a heated glaze.  “I like what I see just fine.” He winked.  Anna’s flushed face was an encouraging sign.  
David called for the butler as they finished their dinner.  He asked Anna if she needed anything else and when she said no, David dismissed Casey for the night.
Anna was sitting on the couch and David came to join her.  “Would you go out on the boat with me tomorrow?”
“That sounds like fun.” She answered.  
“Do you want to watch a movie?” he said pointing to the TV “Or go into the hot tub?”
“Can we save the hot tub for another time?” she asked nervously
David nodded and handed her the remote control.  “Pick something to watch.” 
As she scrolled through the channels, she came to a favorite old movie.  “This is one of my favorites” she stated
“Mine too.” He replied
She kicked off her shoes and sat back to relax on the couch but he stopped her.  “Will you try something with me?” he asked
“Okay.”
“Stand up.” He urged and she did.  David moved to the end of the couch and laid his legs on the couch.  He patted the space between his legs indicating she should sit there.  
Anna hesitated.
“Please” he asked gently
She nodded and sat down.  
“I’m going to put my arms around you.  Sit back close to me.” He urged
She moved slowly back as she felt his arms encircle her.  She sat fairly stiff.
“Relax and lie back on me.” 
Anna tried but this was new to her.  She had never sat with a man before.  He was kind and gentle but it was still a first for her.  
David massaged her shoulders to help her relax.  That worked some.  He picked up her hand and kissed it.  “I like sitting with you this close to me.”
“It is a new experience for me.” Anna said  
“Is it a good experience?” he asked
“Yes.” She answered relaxing a little more “You feel really good.”
“Nervous?”
“It is getting better.” She responded as the movie began.  
As she watched the movie she became more relaxed and she eased even closer to him.  David was smiling at her and enjoying the feel of her in his arms.  
I believe she is beginning to trust me.  She would hate the analogy but she is like a skittish horse.  Calm, soothing words work best to earn a horse’s trust, I believe it works for nervous women too.
David brushed her hair aside and leaned forward to kiss her shoulder where it connected with her neck.  Anna startled.  “Sorry, I couldn’t resist kissing you right then.”
“You said you were going to tell me if you were going to kiss me.” She teased
“Oops.  I forgot about that.  Anna, I’m going to kiss you.  More than a few times probably.” 
“I was teasing you but thanks for the warning.” She teased again.  
David let her get focused on the movie again.  She was engrossed in the movie as he started to kiss along her shoulder up the side of her neck.  She moved automatically to allow him better access. “Um, you smell terrific.” He stated nuzzling the other shoulder.  
“Huh?” she asked stupidly
“I said, you smell terrific.” 
“I lost my ability to think.” She said absently
“Why?” 
“That feels really good.”
“This is just the beginning sweetheart.”
“You are supposed to be watching the movie.” She said 
“I’m multi-tasking.  Watching the movie and kissing you.”
Anna tried to focus on the movie again.  He moved his hands to rest on her stomach.  He distractedly moved his thumbs back and forth on her skin.  David kissed her neck as his hands gloried in her skin.  “Your skin is succulent.  It feels great as I caress it.”
“David, I’ll turn the movie off.  I can’t watch it with you distracting me.” She said reaching for the remote control.
“Don’t let me distract you.  I’m just going to be busy doing other things.” He said playfully.
Anna turned the TV off.  “I’d rather be distracted.”
“Hallelujah” 
Anna turned her head to smile at him then settle back against him fully relaxed.  David nuzzled her neck for many minutes.  Anna moved giving him full access to her.  
“I like this shirt.  It gives me lots of access to your fabulous skin.”
Anna moaned in pleasure as he continued his kisses along her neck.  “Stand up for me.” He urged
“Why?” 
“Trust me?”
Anna stood uncertainly.  He stretched out on the couch and took hold of her hand.  “Lie down on me.”
“Ah, David…” she paused concerned at his request.  
David was beginning to read her actions so he asked “Too soon?”
“Yeah, maybe.  Sorry.”
“Never apologize to me.” He said firmly “Not about something this important to you.”
“I didn’t want you to be thinking I was rejecting you.”
“I don’t think that.  I just moved a little too fast.”
“I liked, I like your kisses.  And I liked how your hands felt caressing my skin, but I’m not…”
He stopped her flow of words with his finger.  “It’s okay.  You have every right to stop me whenever.”
“But…”
“Whenever!” he stated firmly
Anna sat down a bit dejectedly “David, this is going to be too hard for you.  What if I can’t…”
“Anna, look at me.” 
Anna looked up at his handsome face “You are so handsome.” She said urgently
“I’m glad you think so, but back to your other comment.  “This” will never be too hard for me.  It was just too soon.  Yesterday at this time, you believed you could never have friends or a family.  I just pushed a little too hard too soon.  I’m glad you felt comfortable enough to stop me.”
“It is okay that you pushed too.  I will hopefully get more comfortable with intimacy.  You can continue to push and if I feel uncertain I’ll tell you, is that fair?”
“It is very fair.  Thank you for being honest and open with me.”
“I should be thanking you.”
“For?” 
“For being patient with me.  I’m so out of my league with you.” She said looking dispirited
“Stop right there.” He said pushing her chin up to look at him.  “You are just fine with me.  I want to be with you, I want you to feel comfortable with me and with intimacy between us.  I want you to want to be with me.  If you don’t, then we have a problem?”
“We don’t have a problem then, I do want to be with you.”
“Good, now can I hug you?” 
She nodded. He stood and helped her to her feet.  He put his arms around her and pulled her close.  “I like this.” He murmured.
“UmmHmm” she agreed
“Will you dance with me?”
“Will you forgive me if I am bad at it?”
David laughed as he moved away to turn some music on.  “I’m not superb at it either…but it is a great way to be close.” He said winking at her
“Ulterior motives?”
“You bet.  Do you object?”
“Nope.” She said shaking her head enthusiastically 
“Come here you.” He said pulling her close.  He tucked her hand in his up to his chest and placed his other hand around her waist.  Anna wrapped her arm around his shoulders and laid her head on his chest.
“David, I could get used to this.”
“Good, because I plan to do this often.”
“Dancing?”
“Cuddling.  We aren’t exactly dancing, we are more like cuddling standing up.”
“How come I can cuddle with you standing up but I couldn’t lie down with you on the couch?”
“Don’t know, don’t care.  I’m thoroughly enjoying this; whatever the reason.”
“But?”
“Anna, it probably has something to do with personal space or freedom of movement.  Standing up, you can get away from me if you need to.  Lying down, I could probably hold you captive and you couldn’t fight me off.  Your sub-conscious probably knows that.”
“But I know you wouldn’t hurt me.”
“Your head knows it and your heart probably does too.  But part of you has to learn to trust again.  And it will, if I handle things properly.”
“How did you get so smart about abuse?”
“I’m not, it just made logical sense.”
“David” she said in a sigh as she laid her head back on his chest.
“Yes, babe?”
“Nothing.  I was saying your name.”
David kissed the top of her head and wrapped both arms around her at the waist.  She reciprocated and wrapped both arms around his neck; and they danced this way for several songs.  
“Anna, can I give you a real kiss?”
Anna nodded and David placed his knuckles under her chin and lifted her face.  He lowered his head and placed his lips on hers momentarily.  He stepped back to watch her for signs of fear but she didn’t look fearful.
“Are you okay?” he asked worriedly
“I’m just wonderful.” She answered dreamily
“Can I do it again?”
“You don’t have to ask anymore.” She stated
“Really?  You aren’t worried?”
Anna shook her head no.  “Will you kiss me?”
“It will be my pleasure.” He said lowering his head back to hers.  His kiss was quick again but neither one cared.  They danced for several more songs but she was getting tired.  “I had better go to bed.  I’ll see you tomorrow.  What time are we leaving?”
“Mid-morning.  Will you have breakfast with me?” he asked
“Yes.  I’d love to.”
“Call me when you wake up?” he asked walking her to her door.
Anna nodded.  David leaned down and kissed her again.  “I had a fabulous day.” He spoke as he stepped back from her “Thank you for spending it with me.”
“It was a great day for me too.  A day of many firsts…I may take up a diary so I can describe that first kiss.”
“Sweet dreams babe.” He said as she was closing the door after another kiss.


Chapter 7

The next morning Anna called her practice to check on any emergencies.  “I’m going to be out of reach today.” She told her assistant.
“We won’t need you.  One of the other doctors can handle whatever comes along.” 
“Thanks Tammy.  I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“We will call you if we need you.  Enjoy your vacation.”
“I am.” She answered unaware that she sounded different.
“Really?  You sound different.”
“I do?”
“You sound really happy.” Tammy replied  
“I am really happy.  I’ll tell you about it when I come back to work.”
“Does it involve a man?” Tammy asked 
“Maybe.”
“Seriously?  Who?”
“Remember when Jimmy and I went to that ranch for the weekend?  The Matthews family ranch?”
“Yes. So?”
“David Matthews is here vacationing at the same time I am.”
“And?”
“He wants us to date.”
“Alright.  I remember him from the funeral.  He’s hot!”
“I’d agree with that.  We are going out on a boat today.”
“Have fun.  I want details when you return.”
“We’ll see.” 
Anna’s next call was to David.
“David Matthews”
“Good morning.”
“Hi beautiful.  Come on over.”
“Don’t you need to ask who this is?” she teased
“No, I always invite all females to my room no matter who they are.”  He teased back at her
“What if I don’t like to share?” 
“No sharing?” he laughed “Aw shucks.  I had my whole day planned based on that.  I already had one date.  Then a couple of hours with you, I have a date later with two girls then this evening is with three or four more.”
“I’m hanging up on you.”
“Get over here then.” 
Anna was laughing as she hung up.  He told me he doesn’t joke much, but he does.
David was leaning casually against his door frame as she came out of her suite.  “It’s about time.” He said “I have been waiting all morning to kiss you again.”
“You didn’t kiss your first date of the day?”
“I lied.  I really don’t have multiple dates today.”
“Not today?  But maybe tomorrow?”
“Maybe” he said leaning toward her “Can I kiss you?”
“I don’t know.  Tell me who these other girls are.”
“Well, okay, I won’t be having multiple dates any day.  I haven’t found anyone as beautiful as you.”
“Yeah right.” She said skeptically.
“Anna” he growled at her  
“What?” 
“If I say you are beautiful, then you are beautiful.”
“So says the king.”
“That’s right and the king must be obeyed.  And the king gets to give you a kiss.”
“Oh okay, if you insist.”
“I do, I definitely do.”  He said as he kissed her gently.  He backed up and she reached for his lips again. He lowered his head again but waited for her to move closer.  She touched her lips to his this time.  
“Good morning.” He whispered as they separated
“Good morning.” She answered “How are you today?”
“I’m great.” He replied “I get to spend today with you.”


The limousine dropped them off at the marina and David led her to MatthewsTwo.  He assisted her on board and showed her around.  
“It’s very nice.  If this is MatthewsTwo, what is one?”
“The plane.”
“You have your own plane?”
“Yes, you’ll see it when we go home.”
“I have ticket on an airline and my car is at the airport.”
“But I wanted you to fly with me.”
“Sorry, but I am flying commercial.”
“Well, I don’t like it.” He said
“So says the king.” 
“Yes, and the king doesn’t like it.” He muttered and went to the controls of the boat.
“Can you handle this big boat by yourself?” she asked
“Yes with your help.  I’ll instruct you what to do.”
“Aye Aye Captain.” She said saluting him
“Brat.” He said joking with her.  Anna laughed with him.  “Okay, first mate” David said as he instructed on what he wanted her to do.  Shortly, they were leaving the marina.  
“You can either wander around, look out at the ocean while I drive or you can keep me company.”
“I’ll do both.  I’m going to go look around then I’ll be back.”
“You have to do something first…” he stated
“What’s that?”
“Go change into your swimming suit.”
“You are relentless about this.”
“I am going to be.  It is just you and me and I …”
“Alright, I’m going.” She muttered and turned away but he caught her hand.  He drew her close and kissed her.
“Thank you.” He said gently releasing her hand.
Anna left to go below to change.  Anna put the swimsuit on and sat down on the bed in the room she changed in.  I can’t go out there.  He has seen me before she tried to convince herself.  He likes to look at you.  Your scars do not bother him.  Go!
She was gone for a while and David began to get concerned.  He was just about to stop the boat and go check on her when he saw her emerge from below.  She had a large over shirt on but she was also in her bikini.  She is beautiful. 
Anna walked around the boat looking at the ocean from all directions but she missed David so she went to find him at the controls.
“Hi” she said arriving back
“Hello gorgeous.”
“Stop” she said brushing his compliment aside
“Okay, how about radiant?”
“No.”
“Dazzling?”
Anna ignored him.
“Come over here.” He motioned with his hand “Do you want to drive?”
“I’ll just watch.”
“We will be just going a bit farther then I’ll drop the anchor and we can eat or swim or sleep or whatever.”
“I’m not a very good swimmer.”
“Out here, everyone who enters the water has a life preserver on.  Will that help you feel safer?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“So, what do you think of my boat?”
“It’s beautiful.  Do you take her out often?”
“Not often enough.  We have a crew that usually handles her.  If we want to impress Matthews International clients, we have them taken out in her.”
“Where is the crew today?”
“I wanted it to just be you and me.”
“Why?  I wouldn’t have minded other people.”
“Would you have worn your suit around other people?”
“NO!” 
“Hence, no crew today.”
“It’s just a swimsuit, why are you fixated on it?”
“Because, I want you to be comfortable in whatever you want to wear.  I’m hoping that with patience you will want to wear a swimsuit in public.  And by public, I mean my family at Stage West.”
“Patience is the key.  I made it this far.  I put it on for you.”
“And I’m appreciating the view.” He said stopping the engine and lowering the anchor.  They were in a private cove up the coast.”
David held out his hand and they went below.  “I’m going to change and then put on your sunscreen.”
Anna nodded and waited in the bedroom as he changed.  He opened the door a few minutes later and motioned her forward.  “Turn around.” He motioned with his hand
Anna did as instructed and he began to lather the sunscreen on.  He moved from her back and knelt to do her legs.  
“I can do those myself you know.”
“Not today.  It is my pleasure.”
“You’re crazy.”
“Could be.”
Anna laughed.  “You said you don’t joke much but I think you joke a lot.”
“It must be you then, because I don’t think I have in the past.”  David stood up and handed her the bottle of lotion and turned around.  Anna poured some into her hand and started to spread it on him.  “Your skin is so warm and wonderful.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh no, not again.  I said that out loud?” 
David nodded and winked at her.  “I liked it.”
Anna finished her task and then started on her front.  “I was going to volunteer for that task but I figured you would object.” He stated admiring her.  Anna surprised David and herself when she stopped her hand from applying the lotion and instead spread it on his front.
“Does this mean I get to return the favor?” he asked stilling her hand.  She nodded and blushed at the same time.  “It is my lucky day.” David stated putting some lotion on his hands.  Anna stood facing him and waited.  
David started at her shoulders and massaged very slowly down her arms.  When he reached her hand, he turned it over and placed a kiss in the palm.  Anna groaned quietly.  He switched shoulders and worked his way very slowly down the other arm.  This time he placed a kiss on each finger after he caressed it.  
He leaned forward and gave her a quick kiss then he poured more lotion on his hands and dropped to his knees to place his face level with her stomach.  Before he started to massage the lotion in, he leaned forward again and kissed her hipbones.  Anna was surprised but not scared.
“Scared?” he asked as he noticed her movement
“No.  Surprised.” She answered 
David began to caress her stomach as he rubbed the sunscreen in.  “You can share my chocolate cake from now on because you don’t need to lose any weight sweetheart.”
Anna chuckled.  David massage her stomach probably more than was necessary but he loved touching her without her being afraid.  He pour more sunscreen into his hands and wrapped his hands gently around her neck and then quickly down to her front.  He ran his hands under the upper straps of her bikini top.  He brushed his hand down over the upper portion of her breast.  Surprisingly, Anna did not flinch but was beginning to breathe hard in arousal.
Anna placed her hand over David’s to stop his caress at the top of her breast.  He thought she was scared but in actuality she was holding him firmly in place.  “Don’t move for a minute” she stated in response to the question in his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” he asked
Anna had a glazed look in her eye as she absorbed the feelings he was creating in her “Absolutely nothing.  That feels wonderful.”
David smiled at her.  “Yes, it does feel absolutely wonderful.”
After a moment to collect herself, she released his hand and he finished applying the sunscreen.  He placed the lotion bottle on the counter then reached for Anna.  He wrapped her close into his body.  She reached around him and hugged him tight.  “David, you are so sweet to be patient with me.  I’m sorry it has to be like that for you.”
“Never apologize to me again for that.” He said firmly but quietly.  “I enjoyed that immensely.”
“Me too.” She said stepping back from him.  “It felt so good, I forgot to be scared.”
“That is good.  I’m glad to hear that.  I want to touch you but I would die before I scared you.”
Anna cupped her hands around his cheeks and brought his face to her.  “I know.” She whispered as she moved to kiss him.  “And you can’t know what that means to me.” She said as she released him.
“Let’s go enjoy the outdoors.  Do you want to swim before or after we eat?”
“After” she said following him to the double size lounge chair on the deck.  
David sat down and urged her to sit between his legs again and lean back on him.  Anna was comfortable in this position so she relaxed on him immediately.  David saw that as a giant step forward.  He moved his hands to her shoulders and brushed her hair aside.  David gently kissed her neck and shoulders.  Anna moved to accommodate him and gave him better access to her.  
As he continued to kiss her, he caressed his hands up and down her arms.  At one point, he brought her hands to his mouth for a kiss on each palm.  Anna’s hands flexed in response.  “Easy.  I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“I’m not scared.” 
David crossed one arm over her chest and slid his hands under her bikini strap to rest on the top of her breast.  Anna arched slightly into his touch at the same time as she captured his hand so it wouldn’t move.
“Do you like my touch on your breasts?” he asked quietly
“Yes.” She groaned “Don’t move.”
“How about if I move to do this?” he asked sliding his hand down between her breast and cupping her under the bikini.  
Anna moaned again. “Okay, you can move to do that.”
“What about if I move to do this?” he asked bringing both hands to the outside of her breasts and he slid under her top and cupped both breasts at the same time.  He massaged her and she arched dramatically into him and groaned in pleasure.
“Oh David, I never dreamed this would feel so wonderful.”
“Me either.” He replied
“But, you’ve done…”
“Shh.  We will talk about that another time.  Just enjoy.”
David backed his hands out from under her suit but just so he could move his hands down to caress her stomach.  “I love your body.  It feels so wonderful to my hands.  I could touch you all day.”
“Right now, I could just let you.”
David caressed her skin for many moments.  He was thrilled that she relaxed enough to enjoy his touch.  He decided to see if it could push things a little.  He ran one finger under the waistband of her bottoms.  He felt her startle and capture his hands.  “Scared or excited?”
“Where are you going with this?”
“You tell me.  What do you want?”
“I don’t know, I’m not sure about this though.  It feels too soon.”
“Then I’ll wait.” He said kissing her neck.  “Put my hand where you want my touch.”
Anna paused then moved his hands to crisscross over her to rest on her breasts.  “I like this.” She whispered in excitement.  “I like this a lot.”
David moved his hands under her suit again to touch her gently.  “Your breasts show me that you like this.  See your nipples harden as they anticipate my touch.  Do you want my touch sweetheart?  Show me, direct my hand at your pleasure.”
Anna moved David’s hand lower until he touched her nipple.  She pressed his hand closer and savored the pleasure of his touch.  Anna moved his other hand to rest on her other nipple.  “Touch me however you want.” She urged in need letting him go so he could move freely.  “Please touch me.”
“I will, relax and enjoy my touch.”  He said.  David moved gently around as he tugged on her swollen nipples.  “Someday, I’ll taste these also.  You will be so sweet.”
Anna moaned at the picture he painted with his words.  She was barely breathing she was so excited.  His touch was rioting her senses.  She gently stopped his caress and moved his hands.  “I can’t take anymore.  I’m flying already.”
“Shh.  Relax.” He murmured repeatedly while kissing her hair.  “I’ve got you.  Shh.  You are so beautiful.  Thank you for trusting my touch.”
When Anna had calmed down, David asked her if she was ready to eat.  She was so they moved to the galley down below.  He had asked that the crew stock the refrigerator.  He pulled out their lunch and they sat at the table to enjoy the food.
Anna watched David closely.  His touches had surprised and thrilled her.  He had pushed a little but it had felt good.  Even when she stopped him, he was okay with it.
“Why are you staring at me?” he asked
“Just thinking.”
“Care to share your thoughts?”
“You’ll think it’s stupid.”
“I doubt that very much.”
“I was thinking how much your touch surprised and thrilled me.  I know you tried to push a little but even when I stopped you, you were okay with it.”
“Anna, sweetheart, you can always stop me if it isn’t what you want.  If we progress in this relationship and we get married, there is a point that is reached when you make love that is harder for the man to stop but we will have made you comfortable with me by then.”
“Married?  I told you..”
“You also said you wouldn’t wear a suit around any people either but here you are in a fabulous bikini.”
“David, I can’t give you children.  I’m not sure I would be comfortable making love to you.”
“Let’s talk about that some…”
“Which part?”
“Children.  It is physically impossible?”
“I probably wouldn’t be able to get pregnant.  In order to stop the bleeding they removed my spleen.  Also, he had cut both ovaries and my uterus.  One ovary was removed, the other they repaired somewhat and the uterus repaired but misshaped.  Even if I conceived, I might not be able to carry the child to term.”
“Good grief, what did he do to you?” he asked astounded.
“He was drunk and probably drugged also.  He just started to stab…”
“Stop.  I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked that.  I’m very sorry.”
“It’s okay.  I’ve only heard the story told to me, I don’t remember it.  Whatever he drugged me with, knocked me completely out; I woke up several days later in the hospital.”
“I’m still sorry.” He said  
“David, if you want children it probably wouldn’t be with me and if that’s the case we need to stop this relationship now.”
“I don’t want to stop.  I want to move forward.  If we get married and if it’s safe and possible for you to get pregnant and you want to be pregnant, then we will.  If it isn’t possible then there is adoption, foster parenting, or surrogacy if we want to be parents.  We will probably be aunt and uncle if nothing else.  I am getting a little old too.  I may just want you all to myself.  I don’t know for sure about children myself.”
“I don’t believe you; you wouldn’t have asked my physical condition.”
“My reasons for asking were to find out if it was possible, if we make love what precautions we would need to take if we didn’t want a pregnancy.  Do I want to be a father?  Would I even be any good at it, I doubt it?”
“That is the first time I have ever heard you doubt yourself.  You always seem so self-confident.”
“For some reason, I’m not now nor have I ever been confident about being a father.”
“But you were so good with Jimmy, you were gentle and patient and kind.”
“That was Nick.” He countered.
Anna gasped in surprise.  “It was not.  I remember you being so good to him.”
David got up and paced the galley. “Nick took him on the rides, he played with him.  I couldn’t, I was scared that I would hurt him.”  David left the galley in a hurry to get some air.  
Anna was stunned.  She didn’t even hesitate; she followed him to the deck.  She went to him and wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged him close.  After a few moments, she let go and moved to stand in front of him.  She took his hand in hers and led him to the chair.  Anna sat down and patted the space between her legs this time.
“Sit” she stated firmly
David sat down.  
“Lean back on me.  I want to hold you.”
“Ah, that probably isn’t a good idea.”
“Do it.” She said firmly “Shh.  Just lean back and relax.” She said gently pulling him back on her.  David relaxed slightly.  “You don’t follow instructions very well.  Relax mister.”
David began to talk but Anna cut him off “No talking, you have to listen to me.”
“What is the subject?”
She clamped her hand over his mouth.  “David, Nick was very good to Jimmy.” David started to squirm to get away so she pinched him.  “Sit still.  As I was saying, Nick was very good to Jimmy but so were you.  Your whole family was wonderful to us.  I wasn’t spending my time comparing if Nick was better than you or if you spent more minutes with Jimmy than Nick.  No one knows what they are going to be like as parents, if it is a great desire then you will be a fabulous father.  If it isn’t, okay.  But don’t pass it up because Nick might be better at it than you.”
David tried to speak but she wouldn’t remove her hand; so he licked it.  Anna jerked her hand away but when he started to speak she put it right back. 
“That was low.  I’m not done talking to you so just chill out.  I’m not sure myself about being a mother.  Jimmy’s illness almost did me in.  I didn’t realize it at the time, but a few months later I was so worn down that I had to take two weeks off of work to recover.  I was so scared.  I don’t know if I could watch a child suffer again.  And if I couldn’t carry a child to term and something happened to it, I would be devastated.  I can’t risk that without some guarantees.  And in medicine, there are no guarantees.”  Anna finally moved her hand from David’s mouth.
“So, what do we do?  What do you want to do?  I want to move forward together.” He stated when he was free.
“That is what I want too.  I really like being with you.  You are very special.”
David captured her hand and kissed it and placed it over his heart.  “You too.” He whispered huskily.  Anna kissed the top of his head in reverence.  
“Do you want to go swimming?” David asked several minutes later.
“Sounds like fun.”
David stood and helped her from the chair.  He pulled her to him and hugged her tightly.  Anna answered with a tight hug too.  David leaned to gently kiss her.  When he broke off, she captured his head and held him to her.  “More” she whispered.  David obliged her and placed his lips over hers again.  He teased her lips open and slipped his tongue in her.  He pulled her closer as he deepened the kiss.  They were breathless within minutes.  
“Oh My!” she exclaimed as they broke the kiss.  
“What?” he asked a bit worried
“That was fabulous.  We can do that again, whenever.”
David picked her up and swung her around.  “I’m so glad to hear that.” He sat her back on the deck and kissed her again.  Anna was breathless again when he lifted his head, her eyes were glazed and she looked to be dreaming.  He snapped his fingers in front of her face.  “Are you okay?” he asked
“Leave me alone.  I’m having a great dream.” She whispered
“You are not dreaming babe, this is real.” He chuckled kissing her again.  David led her to the life jackets and helped her put one on.  Then he led her to the jump off deck and put his vest on.  He jumped in the ocean and swam for a few feet to get used to the water.  He turned and came back towards the boat.
“The water is pretty cool.  But if you swim around, you get used to it.”
“Maybe this isn’t a good idea.” She hedged
“I’m right here and we won’t go far from the boat.  Just jump in.”
Anna hesitated then jumped in.  She was gasping when she surfaced.  “Brrr.  This water is icy.” 
“Swim around, it gets better.”  Anna started to swim around and she did get used to the water.  
“Better?” he asked
“Yes, I’m getting used to it now.”
Several minutes later, David climbed back onto the boat jump off deck and removed his life jacket.  He put the ladder in the water for her and held out his hand to her.  
“Take my hand.  Put your feet on the stairs and climb as I pull you up.”
Anna nodded and soon she was standing beside him on the deck as he removed her life jacket.  “That was fun.  Thank you for bringing me with you.”
“I like being with you.  I like it very much.” He said kissing her sweetly.
Anna smiled at him.  David led her down to the bedroom and told her to change.  After she finished, he changed his clothes and they headed for the marina.  
That night after they ate a quiet dinner in his suite again, he suggested that they watch a movie in his room so they could stretch out and be more comfortable.  
Anna gasped in surprise at the luxury in his room.  “Dalton did all this?”
“Yes, he did.  He enjoys luxury.” David said stretching out on the bed.  “Go see the hot tub, it is right in there.” He said pointing towards a door.
Anna came back out shaking her head.  “That is decadent.”
“Want to try it sometime?” he asked winking at her
“Yes.” She said coming to lie on the bed with him.  
David scrolled through the channels until they found a good movie to watch.  He settled back against the pillows and settled her beside him.  Anna rested her hand on his chest as her head rested near his shoulder.  She absently rubbed her hand across and back on his chest.  
As the movie progressed, David noticed that Anna was no longer moving or laughing at the funny scenes.  She had fallen asleep next to him.  He gently kissed the top of her head and eased her down on the pillow.  Anna rolled over and curled up in a comfortable position.  
David moved gently from the bed and went to the other room to get another blanket.  He dressed for bed and put out the lights.  He covered them both up and continued to watch her and the movie.


Anna awoke next to a very warm male body.  Her first instinct was to run then she remembered where she was.  But why was she sleeping next to David?  She twisted to look at the clock and saw that it was around eight am.  David was watching her when she rolled over.
“Good morning beautiful.”
“When was the last time you had your eyesight checked?” she grumbled
“Not a morning person, good to know.”
“Not until I’ve had caffeine and food.”
“How about a kiss first?  Start a new tradition.” He said leaning to kiss her
“Why am I sleeping with you?” she asked a few minutes later after some very pleasant kisses
“You only saw about thirty minutes of the movie until you were out.  I just covered you up and let you sleep.”
“That couldn’t have been much fun for you, why didn’t you wake me up and send me to my suite?”
“And miss sleeping with you?  Not a chance babe, I had fun.  Even had a few dreams myself about doing this even more.”
“Doing what even more?”
“Sleeping with you.” He answered 
“Whoa cowboy.  I’m not ready for making love with you.”
David chuckled and clamped his hand over her mouth.  “As pleasurable as that sounds, I wasn’t suggesting that.  If we get married, then we will make love.  I was just talking about sleeping with you.”
“Oh, okay.  I can handle that.”
“Of course, I had a dream about making love with you also.”
“You did not.” She gasped
“I did so.  Want me to tell you about it?”
“No” she scrambled off the bed.  “I’m going to my room to shower and change.  Do you want to do something today?”
“Something?” he asked suggestively
“Stop that.” 
“Spoilsport.” He said dejectedly.
“David, I’m going to get you for that.”
“I’m kidding.” He said stopping her threat.  David mentioned a trip to a local attraction or just staying in to watch TV or go to the beach.
“Actually, a day of relaxing might be nice.” She decided “But if you want to go do something, go ahead.”
“I want to be with you.” He answered “Go shower and change then come back and we will go down to breakfast.  Then maybe walk on the beach.”
She nodded and left.


For the next week, David and Anna played tourist.  They went to SeaWorld, the world famous San Diego zoo, they toured around the city and took walks on the beach.  They had long talks late into each night.  He would hold her hand and if she was close enough he touched her whenever possible.  David tried to get Anna to wear her swimsuit and go swimming with him but she wouldn’t do it.
“Please” he begged
“No, I can’t.  Please understand that it is traumatic for me.  To me the scars stand out like huge spotlights pointing out my flaws.  I would be self-conscious.”
“Ok, I’ll stop asking for now.  But I want you to listen to me carefully.” He said capturing her face in his hands. “Your scars are not what you think they are.  I don’t mind them and who is more important, me or the public?”
“You are.”
“I don’t really think people would notice your scars in your bikini.  You really do have a very nice figure and I can guarantee that no male would care about scars if you walked along the beach.  Not that I want other males noticing you, but they would.  We have one track minds.”
“Oh David.  You make me feel better.  I’ll work on wearing the bikini.”
“If I loaned you one of my t-shirts, it would land about your knees and then you would be covered up.”
“It is that important to you?” 
“Only because I want you to feel good about your body.  I really like to look at you and I want you to feel comfortable with me looking at you.”
“I’m getting better about that in private, aren’t I?”
“Yes, but I want to take you out in public.  When we are at Stage West, I want to go swimming with you.  I want to take to you Sarah’s gala this year in a beautiful ball gown and show you off.” David paused then went on “I want to strip you naked and lay you out on my bed and kiss you from head to toe and back again.” 
“David!” she exclaimed aghast
“What?  It is the truth.  I am pushing again and you can stop me but I told the truth.”
Anna stepped away from David and moved to look out the window; she couldn’t look at him “The scars that are covered up by my underclothes are the worst ones.  There are more than a few.”
“I already guessed that.” He interrupted
“There are a considerable number of them.” She repeated trying to make him understand.  
“And it won’t matter to me to look at them.  It will matter to me because of what it did to you but I repeat, not because of how they look.”
“I wouldn’t make that statement just yet if I were you.” She stated sarcastically “You could end up having to eat your words.”
“No. I. Won’t.!” he said forcefully “do you want me to prove it to you?”
“What?  Now?” Anna exclaimed
“Yes, now.  I’ll strip you out of that outfit faster than you can imagine.  You’ll be laid out on the nearest bed for me to enjoy before you can remember your name.” he said advancing on her
“Back off David.” She said holding out her hand to stop him
“Are you sure you could stop me?” he asked
“No, but your honor and integrity would.” She answered knowingly
“Are you sure?” he asked again pushing her a little
“Yes, I’m positive.”
“Maybe I’ll just see.” He stated swinging her into his arms
“What are you doing?  You aren’t scaring me.” She said gently  
“You should be scared.  I’m mad.”
“Yeah so?  You aren’t mad at me.”
David stopped and stared at her “I am so mad at you.”
“No, you are not.”
“How do you know?”
“I just do.”
David put her back on the floor and let her go.  He walked away “Damm, Damm, Damm.  How did this turn into an argument?  I don’t want to argue with you.”
“You just want me to do what you want and I’m too stubborn for that.  This topic is important to me.  It is traumatic for me.  But..” she said holding up her hand to stop him from speaking “I’ll think about it very carefully. Will that work for you for now?”
David nodded and Anna moved to give him a hug.  “Can I kiss you?” she asked a moment later
“Anytime you want.” He answered and she laughed as she stood on her tiptoes to kiss him.  David wrapped her in a hug and just held her for quite a while
“You really want to do those things to me?” she asked shyly a few minutes later
David leaned down to whisper in her ear.  “I want you naked in my bed at the first moment you are comfortable with it.  I want to kiss every inch of you.  I will suck on your nipples and touch you until you need me to help you come apart in my arms.  And even more than that, I’m beginning to believe I want that with you for the rest of our life.”
Anna scrambled away from him “Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, hold on a minute… I’m …” she was stunned and unable to form a sentence.  She sat down hard on the couch and stared at him.
“Is there a problem?” he asked smiling at her and moving closer to her
“Don’t come any closer to me.” She said warning him with her finger
“But I want to be close to you.  I want to be around you and beside you and inside you.” He said as he sat beside her and nuzzled her neck.  “What do you want?”
“David” she moaned “You are confusing me.”
“How?” he laughed
“You just are. Go sit over there.” She said motioning to another chair
David moved to another chair “And how is this helping you?  I can still talk to you and tell you what I am going to do to you on our wedding night.”
“No!  Sit there and don’t speak.  I’m thinking…” she was speaking when her cell phone rang  “Oh thank goodness”
“Don’t answer that.” He stated
“Anna James” she said answering the phone
“Hi Anna, It is Sarah Matthews.  Did I catch you at a bad time?”
“Hi Sarah.  No, it isn’t a bad time.” She said ignoring David’s nodding and holding out his hand for the phone.  Anna waved him away and went on talking to Sarah. 
David got up out of his chair and stalked Anna as she tried to move from him so she could talk to Sarah.  “Give me the phone.” He whispered 
“No” she whispered back covering the phone
“Anna? Did I lose you?” Sarah asked
“No, I’m here.  David was just asking me a question.  He didn’t know I was on the phone with his sister-in-law.” She glared at David
“How is David?” Sarah asked “Nick told us you all were getting better acquainted and that he bought you a horse.”
“David is fine.  And he says he bought me a horse but it isn’t really mine.”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too but the registry has my name as the owner.”
Stunned once again, she stopped running and stared at David but spoke to Sarah “You mean he is serious?”
“I’m afraid so.”
“But he can’t put me down as the owner, I didn’t buy the horse, he did.”
“What did you do?”
“I looked at him and talked to him after the hand mistreated him.”
“Well, all I did was name the horse.”
“Can I ask you a question about David?”
“Sure.” Sarah answered
“Is he a big jokester?  Likes to play jokes on people?”
“David Matthews?  Tall, good-looking, muscular, stubborn, likes things done his way.  That David Matthews?  No, he doesn’t do jokes.”
“Oh man, I’m in big trouble.” Anna groaned
“Anna, what’s wrong?  What did he do?”
David successfully wrestled the phone from Anna “Sarah dearest, you have monopolized my girl long enough.  Go away, we will be home in a few days.”
“Your girl?  David, give the phone back to Anna, something is wrong with her.”
“No there isn’t.  She is just a little freaked out.  She will be fine.”
“David, what did you do to her?  Put her on the phone.”
“Okay, but she isn’t thinking very clearly today.  She won’t be able to talk to you.”
“David, what happened?”
“Nothing that concerns you my dearest Sarah.”
“Put her on the phone, I want to talk to her.”
“Fine.” He said handing the phone to Anna again
“Sarah?”
“Are you okay?  He said you were freaked out.”
“I’m fine.  We were just having an unusual conversation when you called.  I was sure he was joking about something but I guess he wasn’t.”
David was shaking he head no.
“Anna, do you want to share this unusual conversation?  I’m here if you need someone to talk too.  Someone with experience dealing with Matthews’ men.”
“You know, that might be kind of nice.  Maybe when I get home we can get together.”
“Anytime.  I’ll let you get back to David.  I know from experience that he is stubborn and tough but if he is pushing at something just push back.”
“Thank you.  I’ll do just that.”
“Good luck.”
“I’ll need it.  Bye” 
Anna closed her cell phone and looked up at David.  There was confusion and wary in her green eyes.  
“Anna?” he asked as she got up to pace by the window.  She ignored him and instead muttered to herself.  This isn’t possible.  I have to be dreaming.  He is gorgeous and he wants me.  I can’t be awake.  Too bad it isn’t real, I really like him.  
“Yes, it is possible.  No, you are not dreaming.  Thank you, but I don’t think I am gorgeous and yes he does want you.  You are very much awake.  It is very real and he is glad you like him.”
“I wasn’t talking to you.  Go away.”
“Well, I was answering you anyway and this is my suite, where should I go?”
“Did you propose to me?” she asked unexpectedly
“No.”
“Oh, thank goodness.  I knew I heard you wrong.”
“Maybe you should let me finish…” 
“No.  I like my version better.” She said retreating as he advanced on her
“Too bad because it isn’t the truth.  I did not ask you to marry me, but I will and you will say yes.”
“Maybe you are the one who is asleep and dreaming…you can’t know I’m going to agree to marry you.  You will change your mind about asking.  I guarantee it.”
“Let’s bet on that, sweetheart.” He said challenging her.
“Deal.  What are the stakes?”
“You tell me…” he said sitting down on the couch
“If I’m right and you change your mind about asking me to marry you, I get to say I told you so.”
“Make it real stakes…” he said
“That’s all I want.”
“Okay, and if I win…I get to pick out your wedding dress and I can guarantee it will show skin.  Do we have a deal?”
“No tricks, no pushing the rules?”
“No.  I’ll play by the rules.  Deal?”
“Deal” she said but instantly felt like she might have already lost.  Oh no, I’m in big trouble.
David was motioning her to come closer.  He patted his lap.  Anna shook her head and stayed by the window.  He stood up from the couch and moved towards her.  Anna retreated towards the kitchen as he came closer and closer.  
Anna skirted around the table one way when he went the other way.  “Anna, I always win, you should just give up now.”
“No.  I’m going to my suite to think.”
“Okay and while you are there change into that new cocktail dress, we have reservations for dinner.  Then we are going dancing.” He said then turned away “I’m going to shower and change, see you shortly.”


Anna was muttering and fuming as she let herself into her suite.  That man is stubborn.  Very stubborn.  He thinks I want to marry him.  Well, I do but he shouldn’t want to marry me.
“Why not?” a quiet inner voice asked
“Because I’m not good enough for him.” Anna answered
“You most certainly are too good enough for him.  Maybe he isn’t good enough for you.”
“Yes, he is and he is good to me and for me.”
“Yes, he is.”
Anna was just finishing her makeup when there was a knock on the door.  She threw her robe on over her underclothes and went to answer the door.  She looked through the security window and saw David.  Anna opened the door and glared at him
“What did I do?” he asked innocently
“Don’t start with me.  You know perfectly well what you did…”
“I do?” he asked
Anna laughed at his innocent expression.  “You are trouble with all capital letters.  Big Trouble!”
David put his hand to his chest with the expression Me? on his face.
“Get in here and sit down.  As you can see, I’m not quite ready to go.”
“I can help.” He offered sweetly
“Thanks, but I believe I can dress myself.  I’ve done it fairly often in the past.”
“But, you might need my help with a zipper or a button or two.” 
“I’ll be fine.  If I should need you, I’ll call.”
“Spoilsport.” He said dejectedly
Anna surprised him and herself by catching his hand and dragging him with her to the bedroom.  “I have lost my willpower somewhere on this trip.  Sometime about the time I met up with you.” She said pointing at David.
“I have that effect on people.  I wonder why?”
“Oh please let me answer that for you.  I have a really good answer.”
“I’ll pass on that but thanks anyway.” He said laughing as his picked her up in a big hug.  “Kiss me.” he ordered.  Anna quickly pecked his cheek.  “That isn’t exactly what I was talking about.” He said carrying her to the bed
“David, put me down and not on the bed.” She tried to say forcefully but was laughing too hard.
“I believe you really want me to put you down on the bed and then join you there.” He asked lowering her gently to sit on the edge of the bed then crowding between her legs as he knelt down.  He reached for the tie of her robe and pulled gently.  
“What are you doing?” she said trying to capture his hands
“Helping you remove your robe so you can get dressed.” He answered separating the lapels of the robe and brushing it down her arms.  “You are so beautiful.” He said leaning forward to kiss her stomach.  Anna gasped at his touch.  David kissed between her breasts then moved to kiss her inner thighs.  
He looked up and saw her dazed expression but there wasn’t any fear.  “Lie back” he requested gently.  
Anna was incapable of protesting so she lay down on the bed.  David was caressing her thighs with his strong hands.  “Your skin is incredible.  As soft as silk.”  He moved his hands to the sides of her legs and ran one finger under her panties and close to her center.
Anna gasped but didn’t stop him.  He continued to caress up to her ribs and on to her breasts.  His body followed his hands until he was leaning over her but not touching her.  He had his arms out straight so she wouldn’t feel threatened or crowded.  “Does this scare you, me leaning over you?”
“No.” she whispered 
“I’m very glad.  Thank you for letting me touch you.” He said as he bent to kiss her then backed away.  “Hurry up woman, we have reservations.  Women.  They always take forever to get dressed.  Men, we can get dressed in half the time that a woman takes.”
Anna jumped up from the bed and pointed her finger at him.  “This is your fault.  I was a perfectly rational individual a month ago…now, I’m losing my mind.  I say no to you and you just do it anyway.” She walked around him muttering and grumbling on her way to the closet.  She threw off the robe and it landed somewhere nearby.
“Then stop saying no…it is much easier when I get my way.  And for the record, I always get my way.”
“And why is that?” she asked stepping into her new dress.  “I’m strong willed, I don’t let people walk over me.  But you seem to be able to do it.”
David move behind her to do the zipper of the dress.  “Maybe because you really like my way so you give in.”
“But you will do it for the rest of our life then.  I’ll be your little meek mild milque-toast wife.”
“Does that mean you want to marry me?  Did I win the bet already?”
“No!  I didn’t mean that.  I am not conceding the bet, I’ll win.
“You can keep on believing that babe, but when you are walking down the aisle in the dress I pick out for you…remember this…I always win. I always get my way.” 
“Not this time buddy.  I’m going to get my willpower back anytime now.”
“You have willpower but what you can’t do is change my mind.  By the way, what terrible thing are you supposed to do that is going to make me change my mind?”
“When I can’t be what you want, when you realize I can’t give you physical intimacy then you will walk away and count your blessings.  You’ll be glad to say ‘I’m not stuck with her for the rest of my life’.” She said sadly walking into the bathroom.
David followed her into the bathroom and picked her up.  He marched forcefully to the bed and dropped her on it and leaned over her.  “Am I scaring you?” 
“No.”
He leaned closer “Now?”
“No. What’s your point?”
“My point is, love, that a week ago, this wasn’t even possible.  I was an acquaintance and you ran from me when it got personal.  Now, I have seen most of your luscious body and touched quite a bit of it.  I have kissed you and you have kissed me.  You have already grown more comfortable with me and in a short time period. Thank goodness.  Why won’t you believe in yourself?  Believe that you can have a happy wonderful marriage, with physical intimacy.”
“Because I’m scared.” She said loudly
“And I’m not?” he said just as loudly moving away from her and pacing the bedroom “This is new to me and just as unexpected.  I didn’t expect to fall in love on my vacation and in just over a week.  But I love you and you are ready to walk away with an ‘I told you so’.”
Tears were rolling down Anna’s cheeks unchecked “You love me?”
“Yes, you are stubborn and you fight me on everything instead of just giving in.  You are also beautiful and kind and so very special.  What’s not to love?”
“I’m not those things.” She said sadly
“Oh yes you are. And so much more.  I’m not arguing with you anymore tonight.  Come on, I’m starved.”
“And I’m a mess.  Go away.  Go back to your suite.”
David left her suite and stormed back to his.  He threw his suit coat at the couch and missed.  His tie landed somewhere in the hall.  Casey was stunned to see him back so soon.  “Is there a problem sir?”
“Don’t ask.  Will you call and cancel our reservations?”
“Yes, sir.” He said picking up the tie and suit coat as he moved to the phone.  As he was talking to the restaurant, David stormed back out the door but he was dressed in jeans and boots and he grabbed his hat on the way out.  
Casey had heard their argument from his butler’s room but when they were yelling about love he didn’t investigate.  
David stormed back into Anna’s suite and marched to the bedroom.  Anna was curled up in her robe on the bed.  He flung her closet open and found a pair of jeans and grabbed her a shirt.  He marched to the bed and threw the clothes down.  “Get dressed, we are going for a walk.”
“Why?” she asked 
“Get dressed or I’ll dress you myself.  You have two minutes.” He said moving to sit beside her.  Anna didn’t move and David grew more impatient.  “One minute and if you think I won’t dress you, you have a rude awakening coming.”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
“The last person who said that to me was fired and literally thrown off my ranch.  I can wrestle a horse that weighs ten times what you do, I can wrestle you into a pair of jeans and a shirt.  Are you sure you want to dare me?”
“You are a pain in the backside David Matthews” she yelled as she got up from the bed.
“You better believe it, love.  And so are you, we are a perfect match.”
Anna removed the robe and put on the shirt and jeans.  She moved to the closet and got her shoes as David waited impatiently by the door.  
David followed her out of her room and grabbed his hat as they walked past the living room.  He opened the door for her and they walked to the elevator.  In the lobby, he directed her out onto the beach.  
Anna and David walked in silence for several minutes.  The moon was up and shining on the water, it was beautiful.  The sounds of the waves crashing were soothing her nerves.  
“David, why are we out here?”
“Because I’m used to my wide open spaces on the ranch for thinking not a hotel suite where the walls were closing in on me.”
“Then why am I here?”
“Because I want to talk to you.”
“But you aren’t saying anything.”
“I’m walking off my frustrations first.”
“David, I’m sorry I…”
“Don’t say anything, just walk with me.” he said halting her apology
Anna nodded and kept walking.  David reached for her hand and she didn’t pull away.  “Anna, please don’t give up on us.  Let me try my hardest to make you more comfortable with me.  Please.”
“Why do you want to?”
“I love you.  I don’t want to argue with you why, just please believe me that I want to be with you as your husband.  Please, can we work towards that?”  Anna didn’t answer him.  For several minutes she just stood on the beach without speaking or looking at him.  “Oh, I’m so stupid.” He said as something dawned on him  “I’m so stupid.  I get it now.  I’m sorry.  I’ll walk you back.” He said dropping her hand.  He pulled his cell phone from his belt and called the hotel.  “Security please.”
“Yes Mr. Matthews.”
“Anna James is walking towards the hotel from the beach, please make sure she is escorted safely to her room.”
“Yes, sir”
David hung up and looked at her.  “You’ll be safe to walk back.  Security is on their way to escort you.”  
“David, what are you doing?” she asked stunned as his behavior.
“Nothing.  There is security, you are safe now.” He said pointing at the uniformed gentlemen standing on the beach.
“David” She stopped and took hold of his arm “Stop this and tell me what is going on.”
“Good bye Anna.”
Anna jerked back shocked and stunned “What?”
David turned and walked away.  Anna ran after him but he stopped and turned towards her.  “You’ll be safe with him.  Go on.” He said gently “I’m sorry.”
“Sorry for what?” 
David didn’t answer her but walked away instead.  Anna didn’t understand him but turned towards the hotel and the security officer that waited for her.
“Is there a problem Miss James?” the officer asked as she approached
“I don’t think so.” She answered as she turned to try to find David.  
“Are you sure?”
“He just went for a walk, I think.” She said walking on towards the hotel.  
David slowly walked down the beach.  He pulled his cell phone out of his belt again and called the hotel.  He requested to speak to Casey in his suite.
“Mr. Matthews?” Casey said as he answered
“Please pack my stuff as soon as you can.  I’m leaving as soon as you finish.  Bring it down to the lobby and have the limousine waiting.  Call me when you have all that completed.”
“Yes sir”
David turned back towards the hotel.  He sat down on the chairs by the pool and waited for Casey to pack his things.  I have been so stupid, she wasn’t reluctant about being married…She was reluctant about being with me at all.  I’m sorry Anna.
His phone rang shortly thereafter.
“David Matthews”
“Your belongings are waiting for you in the limousine at the front lobby.”
“Thank you and I’ll see you on my next trip.  Please take care of Doctor James for me.”
“Certainly sir.”
David approached the lobby and found the night manager waiting for him.  “Is there a problem sir?”
“No, I just need to get home.  Please see that Doctor James is taken care of.  Whatever she wants.”
“Yes, sir.”
David climbed in the car and instructed the driver to go to the airport.


David arrived home at Stage West very late.  His flight from San Diego and then hiring a limousine to drive that far had taken hours.  David walked quietly to his room.
“David?” Lindsay called to him
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
“What are you doing home?”
“Long story.  I’ll see you later.  Go back to bed.”
Lindsay walked back to her room and woke Nick up.  “David’s home.”
“Now?”
“Yes, he looks terrible.”
“Why is he home?”
“I have no idea.”
“He’ll tell us tomorrow.  Go to sleep.”


Chapter 8

The next morning, Anna knocked on David’s door but he didn’t answer.  So she went back to her room and called the front desk, “This is Anna James in the suite, do you know where David Matthews is?”
“He has left Miss James.”
“Left?  What does that mean?”
“The manager said he went home last night.”
“Oh, okay.  Thank you.”
Anna picked up her cell phone and called Sarah
“Hello?”
“It’s Anna James.  I’m sorry to bother you Sarah, but did David come home?”
“Lindsay said he did, but I haven’t seen him.  Did something happen?”
“I’m not sure.  Can you track him down and have him call me?”
“Sure.  I’ll try to find him.  If not, I’ll call you back.”
“Thank you.  I really appreciate it.”
In her house at Stage West, Sarah looked crossly at Dalton “What’s wrong?” he asked
“He didn’t tell her he was leaving.”
“Tell who?”
“Anna.”
“Seriously?”
“I’ll kill him.  He can’t treat people this way.” She said storming out of the house to track him down.  “Wait a minute Sarah.” Dalton said following her.  “I’ll go find him.  What is he supposed to do?”
“Call her.”
“Okay, go back to the house and I’ll handle this.”
David was still in bed watching TV when Dalton knocked on his door.
“Come in.” he yelled crossly
“Hey, we heard you were back.” Dalton said cheerfully “How was your vacation?”
“I got home in the middle of the night and not on my own airplane, how do you think it was?”
“And how is Anna?”
“Fine I would assume.  Do you want something because I am kind of busy?”
Since he’d never seen David just watching television in the middle of the morning Dalton asked “Doing what exactly?”
David indicated the TV and ignored Dalton.  “Oh, okay, well Anna would like you to call her as soon as you can.”
“And how would you know that?”
“She called Sarah and asked if Sarah would give you a message.”
“Well, I have a message for Anna.”
“And that is?”
“Just tell her she wins.  She will know what that means.  Oh and I guess I’m sorry should follow.”
“Okay, I’ll pass the message along.” Dalton said leaving the bedroom.  “I have to go out of town today, I’ll be back though by the end of the day.”
“Have fun.” David waved in more of a shooing motion than a goodbye wave.  
Dalton rushed back to his house “Sarah!” 
“Where is he?  Did he call her?”
“No, give me your phone.”
“Why?”
“Okay, you call her but I want to talk to her.”
Sarah nodded and hit redial on Anna’s number
“Sarah?” Anna asked
“Yes, it’s me.  Dalton wants to talk to you.”
“But I need to talk to David.”
“Dalton gave him the message but now Dalton wants to talk to you.”
“Okay.”
Sarah handed the phone to Dalton.  “Anna, David has a message for you.”
“And that is?”
“He told me to tell you that you win.  He said you would know what that meant. Also, he said he is sorry.”
“He is, is he?  Well, I have a message for him.  He didn’t play…”
“Anna, wait a minute.  What is going on?”
“I’m going to kill him.  He is going to make me cut short my vacation to come there and kill him.  You tie him to the biggest tree on his ranch and I’ll be there later today to finish him off.”
“Anna, hold on.  I’m sending the plane to get you.  I’ll have the pilot call you when he arrives.  You will land here and then take on David.  Good luck though, he isn’t very happy.”
“Do I sound like I am happy?” She said hanging up
Dalton was laughing as he hung up.  “David has found someone to match his temper and stubbornness.  Get ready to plan another wedding.” He said to Sarah
“Seriously?”
“Oh yeah, he ticked her off about something.  Her message to me was to tie him to the biggest tree on his ranch and she would be here later today to finish him off.”
Sarah burst out laughing.  “This is going to be fun.  Oh how the mighty have fallen.  Go Anna.”
“Now sweetheart, we can’t pick on David too much.  He thinks he is in charge.  This is going to be tough for him.  Be gentle.”
“Yeah right.  He has it coming.”
“Yes, he does.  He deserves as much happiness as we have.”
“Oh man.  Don’t ruin my fun.  I want to watch him squirm.”
“I think you will, I expect big fireworks later today around here.  She is royally ticked at big brother.”


David was still watching TV later that day when his bedroom door was flung open and bounced against the wall.
“How dare you make me cut short my vacation to chase you down?” Anna yelled at him “I haven’t had a good vacation in years.”
“How did you get here?  Why are you here?  Dalton!” he bellowed
“Your family is down in the den.  They wanted to follow me but I didn’t want them to see me kill you.”
“What do you want?” he asked turning back to the TV “You won the bet.  Say your “I told you so” and then have someone drive you home.”
“Is that what you want?  For me to say “I told you so” and walk away.”
“No.  That’s what you want.” He said resigned that she was done with him.
“What?  When did I say that?”
“Actions speak louder than words.  I’m waiting, say it and get off my ranch.”
“Well, I want an explanation.  One minute we were talking on the beach and the next you sent me away and you ran home.”
“Why do you need an explanation?  You just said it yourself.  You know what happened.”
“But I don’t understand what happened.  You just all of a sudden said something about being stupid and then walked away.”
“Go away.  Dalton, get up here and drive her home!”
“No.  I’m not leaving until you tell me what happened, why did you say you were stupid?”
“Because I am.  Are you happy?  Dalton!”
“Stop calling for him.  He isn’t going to come up here.”
“He’d better.  Dalton, get up here!”
“He wants an explanation too and he knows this is the only way he is going to get it.  Now, why did you say you were stupid?”
“I told you.  I am stupid.  I finally saw through your actions to the truth.”
“What truth?  The truth about what?”
“You don’t want me.  I guess I should have kept asking if you wanted to date instead of assuming.  I got it, I really did.  Dalton, take her home!”
“Am I in a nightmare?  I don’t get what you are saying.  I thought we were in a relationship.
“And you kept backing away.  You wouldn’t even try, so it finally dawned on me that you just didn’t want to try because you didn’t want me.  I get it.  You don’t have to say it, I’ll do it for you.  “I told you so David”   I wish you would have just been honest with me but I’m sorry I assumed your fears were about something else when it was really about not wanting to date me.”
“My fears are about the physical and almost sexual abuse I suffered for all of my childhood.  I do want to date you, but I am scared.  You scare me.  You are self-confident and strong.  Nothing scares you, you are perfect.  You have everything, family, a home, people who love you.  What can I give you that you don’t already have?  Scars and flaws.”
David grabbed her close “You can give me you.  I don’t have you.  I don’t see scars when I look at you.” He stopped and realized he had grabbed her “I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to grab you in anger.”
Anna threw herself at David and thankfully he caught her “don’t let go, please don’t let go.” She repeated over and over as the tears poured down her cheeks.  “I want to be with you.”
David hugged her very close.  He was hoping that this was what she really wanted because letting her go was going to break him.  Her tears continued for many minutes “Shh.  I’m sorry.  I’m scared too.  I didn’t expect you.  Do you really still want to date?  Be honest.”
“Yes, I do.  Very much so.” 
David put her feet back on the floor then leaned down to kiss her.  He teased her lips open and deepened the kiss.  
“Anna? David?  Is everything alright?” Dalton called from down the hall
The couple broke apart from their kiss.  “Anna, you just screamed your physical abuse to my whole family.  We have to give them some explanations.  I’m sorry.”
“It is okay.  Telling you made it easier to handle.  Maybe telling them will make it easier still.”
“Let’s go.  I’m sure they have some questions about whatever part of the explanation we didn’t say loud enough for them to hear.”
Anna nodded and he led her from the room.  They walked into the den and found everyone trying not to grin.  David sat down and pulled Anna onto the couch next to him.  He held her hand as he began.  “You all remember Anna?” he said stupidly
Everyone burst out laughing even Anna.  “I think we want a little more explanation than that big brother.” Dalton said as everyone nodded
David started to explain but Anna stopped him.  “Let me.  I need to tell them.”
“Are you sure?” he asked
“Yes.  It’s better.” She said then turned to David’s family.  “I have a painful past.  My parents physically abused me from the time I was four until I was sixteen.  Cuts, bruises, broken ribs, burns.  No one knew, they were smart enough to not let it show.  When I was sixteen, my father drugged me, got drunk and got my mother drunk and they operated on me.  He wanted to share me with his buddies but didn’t want any pregnancies.  I don’t remember it but I woke up in the hospital several days later and I only saw my parents again at their trials.  I was put into the foster care system and I got very lucky.  The parents were wonderful and his mother paid for my school and helped me change my name.  The only other part of this story we didn’t scream at each other tonight was the fact that I probably won’t ever have children.  My father damaged a lot when he tried to operate on me.  I go to counseling still.”
“And your parents?” Dalton asked
“Will be dead if I ever find them” David answered harshly
“They went to prison but they are out now and I will not tell you their names or where they are.” She said glaring at David
“You don’t have contact with them do you?” asked Sarah.
“No, I have them watched without their knowledge.  If they do anything or threaten me, I’ll be able to deal with it.”
“Deal with it how?” David asked
“The person watching them is sure they are still doing drugs.  And they are on lifetime probation and it will be revoked if they come within ten miles of me.”
“Give me the name of the person watching them, I’ll see to it that they have backup.”
“NO!” everyone shouted
“Sorry, dear.  I’m not giving you that name.  I know what you would do with it.  Trust me to handle this please.”
“Okay for now.  But I want to know about any problems regarding this subject.  Then whether you like it or not, I’ll deal with the situation.”
Before David’s temper got to the extreme boiling point Dalton asked “And you two are what, officially?” 
“Dating.” Anna answered
“And what did David’s message to you mean.  What did you win?”
David answered “Nothing, the bet is back on.  Only I believe I’ve already won.”
Anna countered “We have to renegotiate.”
David and everyone burst out laughing.  “David negotiate?  Only in his favor.” Dalton said
“Yes, I figured that out too.”
“So what did David win?”
“He hasn’t yet.  He may think so but he hasn’t.”
David spoke over Anna’s comments “The bet is that she thinks I will change my mind about asking her to marry me.  And if she is right, she gets to say I told you so and walk away.  And if I’m right and I do ask her to marry me, then I get to pick out her wedding dress.”
“And why is that the stakes?” Sarah asked
“You tell them sweetheart.” David stated
“Because, my body is covered with scars and I don’t know that I can be physically close to a man.  He says the scars don’t bother him but I say the physical intimacy issue will drive him away.  But if it doesn’t, he says the wedding dress will show lots of skin.  I have an issue with showing my skin.”
“Anna, you didn’t agree to this did you?” Lindsay spoke for the first time.
“Yes, it’s okay.  I don’t have to agree to marry him, he just gets to ask.”
“Hey, you cheated.” David shouted.
Anna laughed “No, you didn’t say I had to marry you.  You just said ask.”
“You made me swear to play by the rules and here you broke them already.”
“No, I didn’t.  You failed to be specific.”
David’s family was laughing at him.  He had met his match.  “As much as I hate to agree with David, because his ego is already big enough; but Anna dearest, you already lost this bet.  Welcome to the Matthews’ family.” Sarah stated standing to go hug Anna.  Then came everyone else to do the same.  Some sympathized with her but mostly they just said welcome to the family.  Gabby’s hug was so sweet.  “He needs someone like you.”
“Why is everyone happy for her?  What about me?  Don’t I get a congratulations?”
“Congratulations for what?” Anna asked “there isn’t any need for congratulations.”
“It’s time to finish dinner.  I’ll call you all in a minute.” Gabby said leaving the room “David, the guest suite is already made up.  Take Anna’s bag there would you?”
David answered “Thanks Gabby.”
“What? Why?  I need to go home.”
“You can finish your vacation here.” David said standing up and pulling her along.
Anna went willingly with him until they reached the room she was to use.  As soon as they were inside, Anna rounded on him quietly but forcefully.  “I need to go home and get ready to go back to work.”
“You still have a few days of vacation left, please stay here with me.  We need it.  We need time together.”
“But your family?”
“They have already welcomed you as an official member of the Matthews’ family.” He said then held up his hand to stop her next comment. “I’ll take you home tomorrow if you really want to go, but please stay.  I want you too.” He pleaded.
Anna finally agreed to stay for a few more days.  David hugged her close and thanked her.  


Chapter 9

Early the next morning, David quietly opened the door to the room where Anna was sleeping.  She was still curled up on her side with her hand tucked under her face.  David stood looking down at her and thinking.  You are so amazing.  You survived years of torture and abuse and you came out a strong, talented, loving, caring, dazzling woman.  Please be mine for the rest of our lives.  David knelt beside the bed and brushed his knuckles gently down her face.  He leaned over and gently kissed her lips.  Anna startled awake and tried to focus on where she was.
“Where am I?”
David chuckled “You are at Stage West.”
“Did we sleep together?  I don’t remember you in here when I went to sleep last night.”
“Sadly, no, we did not sleep together.  But we can tonight??” he asked hopefully
“Uh, maybe.  Depends on if you tick me off again.” 
“I’m sorry love.  I thought I was doing what you wanted but couldn’t tell me.”
Anna told him to hold that thought until after she had gotten up and gotten dressed.  When she returned she was dressed and ready to talk to him.  “Sit down and listen to me.” she said forcefully pointed at the couch in the seating area.
David sat on the chair and Anna sat on the coffee table facing him.  “I’m listening.”
“Men are not good at reading women’s minds and they should just give up trying.  That being said, you really stink at it.  But, I do want to continue with you and me.  I like you and I want to see if you can make me comfortable with intimacy.  I want to be whole and have a physical relationship with you even if it means losing a bet.”
“That night on the beach you assumed since I didn’t talk that I was wanting out of our relationship.  I didn’t then and I don’t now.  A lot had happened that day; I needed the quiet time to think also, but you jumped to conclusions and ran away.  When I found that you had gone home, I was stunned; I never guessed this insecure side of you.” 
“It’s not something I’m familiar with either.” He stated quietly “I’m the head of this family, they look up to me.  I have to be strong and tough but I am out of my element in male/female relationships.  I haven’t taken the time in my life to have many.  I was too busy working to build this ranch to be the best in the country.”
“And now?” she asked uncertainly
“I’m going to take that time with you.  We will take as long as you need, but I am going to marry you.  I really already have won the bet but I’ll wait to collect my winnings until you are ready to go dress shopping.”
Anna laughed and leaned closer to him.  “That’s the David I’m more familiar with.  The king of his castle.  But I have a secret for you…”
David leaned closer to her “What’s that?” he whispered almost close enough to kiss her
“I like all the David Matthews that I have seen; the strong one and the insecure one.  Those of us who are subjects to the king like the human side of him too.”
“Well, David Matthews doesn’t like the insecure one, it scares him to death.”
“Oh, David.” She cried pulling him to her to kiss him “if you ever run away from me again without an explanation, be prepared to be lassoed and tied to the nearest tree.  And don’t think I won’t, Nick and Dalton would help me.”
“Yes, they probably would.” He said laughing.  “Are you ready for breakfast?”
“Yes, I’m starved.”


David and Anna walked hand in hand down to the barn after breakfast.  Nick was working with a horse, talking to him.
David began to whisper, “I need to tell you a few of the rules around here.”
“Okay” she whispered back
“Let’s go to my office.” He said leading her away from Nick and the horse.  David opened his office door and ushered her in.  He closed the door and moved to sit in his chair and pulled her to sit on his lap.
“Mmm, I like having you here.” He said kissing her gently
“Is that a rule?” she asked after the kiss
“Not yet but it might become one.” He said kissing her again.  She wrapped her arms around him and moved in closer.  David caressed down her leg as he deepened the kiss.  His hands rested on her thighs and his thumbs massage her inner thighs close to the apex of her thighs.  
Anna broke the kiss and hugged him close “That feels good.” She whispered to him
“I’m very glad about that.” He said massaging her through her jeans.  “So very glad.”
David continued to touch her and teach her about her body.  He stopped after a few minutes so he wouldn’t scare her or overwhelm her.  
“Now about those rules…” he said drastically changing the subject
“That was an abrupt change of subjects.” She laughed
“I have to keep you on your toes.” He returned “Actually, that is one of the rules around here.  Always be alert to your surroundings.  We have some rough stock around here and we have had a few accidents.  At Sam Howe’s ranch you didn’t listen to me when I told you to stay outside, if I tell you something here, you have to do what I say.  I don’t want you injured or worse.”
“Okay. I promise.  Is that all the rules?”
“No.  When you see Nick with a horse other than his own, which I will show you in a few minutes, you have to give him space and be quiet.  I told you Nick works with horses that have been mistreated or never broken in the first place.  Loud noises can spook horses and he could be injured.  That’s what happened earlier this year.”
“Someone deliberately injured Nick?”
“Yes and no.  The hand didn’t believe in following my rules and was shouting near Nick when he was working with a spooked horse.”
“Did you horsewhip him?”
“Not exactly.” He chuckled “That is a bit illegal.  But he collected his final pay that day.  No one disregards my rules in the barn, not even you get a break from them.  It is for your safety and anyone else who happens to be here.”
“I’m not crazy about loud noises myself so I don’t think I’ll have trouble following your rules, oh mighty king.”
“Smart mouth.” He said pulling her close to kiss her.
David’s intercom buzzed just as he touched her lips with his.  “David?”
“Yes, Lindsay?”
“Your new horse just arrived or should I say Anna’s new horse just arrived.”
“Great, direct the truck to the south barn.  I’ll get Nick and we will be right there.”
“Will do.”
“Come on, let’s go see your horse.” David said urging her to stand
“You can’t give me this horse.”
“I already did.  It’s a done deal.  Nick will train him for you and then you can ride him whenever you come here or all the time when you are living here.”
“Living here?”
“Sure, you can live here starting now if you want, but after we get married for sure.”
Anna’s jaw dropped and she was speechless.  David led her out the door of his office.  Nick happened to be walking by about then.
“Anna’s new horse is here.” David stated motioning Nick to follow them
“Great.  Are you going to tell me the story on this horse?”
“Not when you aren’t tied to a tree.  I am not taking the punch you would throw at me for Sam mistreating this horse.”
“Have Anna tell me then.” Nick said
David looked at Anna and nodded.  “You want me to tell him.” She asked incredulously
“Yes, it is safer for me.”
“Chicken” she joked
“Just watch and see.  Go ahead tell him.”
Anna began the story.  “We were at Sam’s ranch and we were outside talking when there was a loud commotion in the barn.  I was instructed to stay outside..”
“which she didn’t do by the way.” David interjected
“Not a smart move Anna.” Nick stated firmly
“As I was saying…David rushed in to find this horse thrashing about in his stall.  He was tied sort of and all the hands were afraid to go into the stall.  David walked in and talked to him and calmed him down somewhat.  Sam rushed in to see what had happened and his hand said the horse had started thrashing around as he tried to groom him.”
“And?” Nick encouraged
“David found a shedding blade in the stall.  He had injured the horse.”
“What?” Nick exploded  “He had groomed him with a shedding blade.  That’s cruel.  He was fired wasn’t he?”
“Ah no.” Anna answered “David doubts that he was fired.”
“You don’t think Sam fired this guy?” Nick asked incredulously
“No. I doubt it.  There were other signs of neglect at that ranch.”
Nick exploded again and rushed away from them “If I ever see that Sam Howe…” he muttered
“You weren’t kidding, were you?” Anna asked as Nick rushed away
“No.  I don’t kid about Nick and how he thinks horses should be treated.  Let’s go, you’ll want to see this.” He said pulling her quickly to the truck.
Nick was opening the back of the truck when they arrived and David reminded her to watch quietly.  Anna nodded.
Inside the truck Nick was already beginning the rehabilitation “Hi fella.  My name is Nick.  I’m going to take good care of you.” He said removing the horse from the truck.  “Let’s go take a look around your new home.  We have a nice new home for you.  Your new owner is a beautiful lady named Anna, she is going to take real good care of you.”
Nick kept looking at the horse but began talking to Anna.  “He needs a name, Anna.  Let me know what you decide to call him.  The sooner the better.”
Anna looked at David who nodded at her. “I always wanted a horse name Gabriel when I was a kid.  Is that okay?”
“Perfect.” Nick answered
“Hear that Gabriel, Anna always wanted a horse like you.” He said walking him around.  Nick held tight to the rope around the horse’s neck and then touched his back.  Gabriel didn’t rear up.  “That’s a good sign.” Nick stated softly.  “He isn’t afraid of me touching him.  I’ll try grooming him later, then we will see what happens.”
Lindsay, Sarah, Dalton and several more people walked up to join David and Anna.  Anna thought the one person looked like the singer Colby Randall and the other lady looked a lot like the actress CeCe Davis.  No one made introductions while Nick was close by with the horse.  They apparently were all familiar with this event.
“Anna?” Nick asked softly
Anna looked at David. “Just answer him softly.” David instructed
“Yes?” Anna answered
“Do you feel comfortable enough to come in here with us?  I have a good hold on him.”
Lindsay answered instead of David.  “It’s okay, you will be fine.”
“Sure, I guess.” Anna answered
David led her to the gate and opened it.  “Follow his instructions to the letter.” He said closing the gate behind her.  Anna nodded and waited on Nick.
“Quietly approach him so he can see you.  Talk to him if you want.” Nick instructed and Anna walked slowly towards Gabriel
“Hello Gabriel, You are very handsome.” She said as she walked
“Now, gently touch his neck and pat him.  Tell him good job.”
Anna did everything Nick instructed for the next few moments.  She was becoming more relaxed the longer she stayed in the corral.  
“Good job, Gabriel.  Let’s get you settled in your stall.”  Nick said leading the horse to the gate as Anna walked in front of them.  
David opened the gate letting them out and closed it behind Nick and the horse.  Nick led Gabriel into the south barn while David took Anna’s hand and led her back to the crowd of people standing nearby.
“Anna, I’d like you to meet some friends of ours.  This is Greg and CeCe Davis and this is Colby Randall.  Everyone, this is Dr. Anna James.”
Anna had been right about the identities of the newcomers but she wasn’t prepared for meeting celebrities in person but she recovered quickly.  “It’s nice to meet you.” 
“It is nice to meet you too Anna.” They responded.  Anna looked questioning at David.
“Maybe we should explain this acquaintance to Anna.” CeCe stated seeing Anna’s confusion.  “Come with me sweetie and we will explain.” She said holding out her hand for Anna.
Anna was too stunned to object and took CeCe’s hand to follow her.  So did Lindsay and Sarah laughing slightly.  CeCe led them to the shaded area by the pool and they all sat down.  “I take it you weren’t expecting to meet famous celebrities this morning when you woke up?” CeCe asked jokingly
“Not really, no.” Anna answered confused
CeCe started to tell the story. “Sarah used to be our personal assistant along with being the president of the foundation.  Colby Randall is my cousin and earlier this year, Nick agreed to work with Colby’s horse to train him.  Greg and I are taking a short break from our movies and Colby isn’t touring right now, so we came out to see his horse and our friends.”
Anna looked at Lindsay and Sarah who nodded at her.  “That’s the story.” Sarah answered
“Now, my question is…who are you and what are you doing with David?” CeCe asked gently and expecting a good story.
“Well?” Anna appeared confused.  “I’m..”
“Do you want me to tell her Anna?” asked Sarah
Anna nodded and Sarah began.  “Anna is going to marry David.”
“Wait a minute.  That may not be exactly true.” Anna cautioned “In fact it is probably not true.”
“Keep on believing that sweetie.” CeCe said placing her hand on Anna’s.  “I watched him watch you in that corral and that man is yours.  Reel him in.”
“Anna is trying to fight the inevitable Ce, she thinks that she has some flaws that David won’t like.”
“Hold it.  I am not telling a famous movie star my issues.” Anna stated firmly
“Why not?  I love a good story.  How did you meet David?”
Sarah answered instead of Anna.  “Remember Ce, the little boy whose last wish was to be a cowboy and they came to visit.  This is the foster mother.”
“That’s right, I had forgotten your name.  My apologies and my sympathies for your loss.”
Anna was again too stunned to do anything but nod.
“Have you and David been seeing each other since then?”
“No, they met again in San Diego last week.” answered Lindsay.
“Yes, we met unexpectedly and went out a couple of times.  Then we decided to make it a little more than just as friends.”
“And he wants to marry you already?  Good job girlfriend.” 
“No, he thinks he wants to marry me, but he will change his mind.  We have a bet going on it.”
CeCe laughed and turned to Lindsay and Sarah “She isn’t serious, is she?”
“She thinks she is.” Sarah answered
“Oh sweetie, why do you think he will change his mind?”
“Ah, long story.” Anna answered
“And I have all day to hear it.” CeCe returned sitting back in her chair to listen to the story.
“Let’s talk about something else.” Anna stated
“Okay, what are the stakes in the bet?” CeCe asked
“Same subject, different verse.” Anna answered laughing slightly
“Anna, CeCe is a great friend of ours.  She will understand your story.” Sarah said gently to Anna
Anna was quiet for several moments debating what to do.  Finally she began to explain.   She didn’t look at CeCe but looked at her hands instead “I was physically abused most of my childhood until I was sixteen.  I have issues with physical intimacy which I believe will scare David away and I have a considerable number of scars that make me uncomfortable in public if they are not covered.  If I win the bet it means that David has changed his mind about marrying me.  I get to say “I told you so” and walk away.  If he wins the bet, he picks out my wedding dress and he guarantees it will be showing skin.”
“David has great taste in clothes.  I have seen him dressed in suits; your dress will be beautiful.” CeCe stated ignoring the other parts of the story.
“That’s it?  All you got from that story is the dress?” Anna laughed
“No, I got the rest too, but as sorry as I am for what you went through, I’m thrilled for you and David.  Congratulations.”
Anna thumped her head down on the table.  Sarah reached over and patted it gently.  “It’s okay Anna, you get used to it.  I felt the same way once.”
Anna shook her head but didn’t lift it from the table.  “You are all crazy.” She muttered and they laughed but CeCe answered “Anna, we are not crazy.  We just know David.  He won’t care about these issues.  David doesn’t think like that, he looks at the person’s soul not their appearance.  He didn’t care one iota that I was a celebrity or that Colby was a celebrity.  He welcomed us to his home like family.  And if he wanted us to muck out his stables, he would ask us.  I wouldn’t do it, but he would still ask.  Or if he wants us to welcome you to his family, we are thrilled for him and you.”
“Man this is embarrassing.” Anna muttered again. “You don’t get it.  What if I can’t, you know.”
“Then tell him that.” CeCe answered
“I have repeatedly!” Anna exclaimed
“And what did he say?” CeCe asked again
“He said we would work at it slowly to make me more comfortable.” 
“And you find that objectionable?”
“No, I find it hard to believe he would want to try in the first place.”
“Oh dear.” Sarah muttered looking at her friend CeCe.  Nobody spoke like that in CeCe’s presence without getting a self-esteem talk.  
“What?” asked Anna
“I’ll answer that Sarah.” CeCe said firmly “What Sarah means is that nobody talks down about themselves in my presence.  Listen good girlfriend.  I have known you all of one hour and this is what I know already.  You took on a little boy with a terminal illness because you loved him and didn’t want him to be alone.  You researched until you found Sarah to make his last wish come true.  You brought yourself out of a horrible childhood and now you are a doctor if I am not mistaken.  I see you trying to protect David from hurt but he doesn’t need it.  You are beautiful and kind.  How is that for an analysis of your character?”
“It is right on the money CeCe.” David stated from a short distance behind Anna “Only she won’t believe you either is my guess.” He said walking close to them along with Nick, Greg, Dalton, Nathan and Colby.
Anna blushed a deep red.  “Oh Anna, I’m sorry, I didn’t know they were there.” gushed CeCe  “I wouldn’t have embarrassed you for anything.”
Anna nodded but the tears came to her eyes anyway.  “It is okay.  It isn’t your fault.” 
David knelt down to look at Anna.  “Listen to CeCe love, what she says is the truth.  All of it.  I don’t need you to protect me from hurt; you don’t have it in you too hurt me.  Give us time.  Now, would you like us to change the subject now?”
Anna leaned to kiss him “Most definitely” she answered.
“Good, Nick has something to tell you about your horse.”
Anna turned to Nick who was sitting on the foot of Lindsay’s lounge chair.  “He is going to be a great horse for you.  He seems okay with a saddle, he needs a little work there.  He doesn’t like the grooming so I’ll work on that.  I can’t give you a timetable, I don’t work that way, but it shouldn’t be too terribly long until you can ride him.”
“Thank you Nick.  You know he isn’t really my horse.”
“He is now.” Nick answered
“Why do you say it like that?”
“You named him.  You worked with him and David filled out the paperwork on him with you as the owner.”
“But I …”
“Give it up Anna, it is a done deal.” Dalton stated 
“Lunch time everyone.” Gabby called from the doorway.
David assisted Anna from her chair and hugged her.  “I love you.” He whispered in her ear.  “My family loves you.  Please believe in us.”
“I’m working on it.” She answered honestly thinking about the analysis CeCe had given her.  This day had been surreal, famous movie star CeCe Davis had lectured her on self-esteem.  “I must be dreaming.” She muttered to herself
“Why’s that my love?” David asked
“CeCe Davis, the famous movie star, just lectured me on self-esteem after listening to my horror story.”
“I guess that is a bit surreal.”
“And Colby Randall just walks around your ranch like he isn’t a famous singer.”
“That’s because here, I am not a famous singer.  I am just a friend of the family.” Colby answered from behind her.  
“I’m sorry.  That was rude of me.”
“No, it wasn’t.  I gather from your conversation that you and David are kind of a new thing?”
“Yes, we are.” She answered
“Can I give you my unsolicited “two cents” too?” Colby asked walking beside her
“Sure, why not.”
“Listen to CeCe, she is the best judge of character I have ever seen.  She has a gift with people she can read them.  And she won’t kid you and tell you false flattery.  And I guess you learned she doesn’t like it when others put themselves down in her presence.”
“Yep, I learned that rather quickly.”
“So, when is the wedding?” Colby asked jokingly
“Colby!” Anna exclaimed as David stated “As soon as I can get her to agree.”
After lunch that day, Anna’s practice called to ask her a question.  She took the call outside and then stayed outside when she was finished.  She needed some breathing space.
Lindsay found her a few minutes later staring off at nothing by the corral.  “Anna?  Are you okay?”
“Yes, I just needed a minute.”
“Do you want to escape the madness already?”
“Is it always like this, famous celebrities dropping by for a chat?”
“No, most days it is pretty quiet.  We didn’t know you and David would be here today.  CeCe had called a few days ago and said they were coming out.”
“It was interesting telling a famous movie star my story.”
“CeCe isn’t like anyone I’ve ever met before.” Lindsay stated
“She is really nice.”
“She’s right too, you know.  About you and David.”
“Is she?  I don’t know; what if I screw this up?”
“You need to ease up on yourself Anna.  It is too soon to be calling it quits with David and it is too soon for marriage.”
“Thank you for saying that.  Can you repeat it to him?”
“I will eventually.  David doesn’t ask for advice very well.”
“He should ask you.  You are the calm levelheaded one around here.”
“Sometimes yes I am.  The last few years have taught me some tough lessons.  Some of them you may have to learn too.”
“Learn what?”
“Extreme patience.  Control.  Take the peace where you can get it or make it for yourself.  Run away from home if you have too.”
“You ran away from home?  As an adult?” Anna asked
“Yes, just earlier this year.”
“Please tell me this story.  Anything that isn’t about me.”
“Let’s escape for a while.” Lindsay said reaching for her cell phone.
“Hi” Nick answered
“Anna and I are going for an escape.  We will be back shortly.”
“Already?”
“Yes, I love you.”
“I love you.  Have a good talk.”
Lindsay directed Anna to the four-wheeler parked beside the barn.  They rode out to the creek.  When they were sitting on a log beside the water Lindsay began “About six weeks after Dalton and Sarah’s wedding, I ran away to Las Vegas.  I was going to stay there for a month to think about things and to look for another job and a place to live.”
“What?  This is your family home.”
“Yes, but it was and is also Nick’s home.”
“But you and he are happily married.”
“Yes, now.  But then, I was trying my hardest to avoid him.  I have loved Nick since I was twenty.  He didn’t know it and didn’t feel the same either.  When he was injured I rode in the helicopter with him to the hospital.  He was unconscious mostly but when he did come around, I tried to reassure him that he was okay.  Only he didn’t want that, he said to go away and leave him alone.  So I tried to do that.  I went to Las Vegas and so did he unfortunately.  So I ran to San Francisco and didn’t tell anyone where I was.”
“Is that when you were hurt?”
“No.  I came home to pack and say goodbye to my family.  I wasn’t really going to say goodbye I was going to go the management conference the next weekend and not come home.  One day, I went for a ride and Nick followed me.  I ran home and escaped to my room.  That night, Nick came into my room and refused to leave.  We got up early the next day and came out here for a discussion.  He apologized for the things he said in the helicopter and then told me he wanted us to date.  I didn’t believe him, I thought he was just trying to make up for the things he said.”
“But he wasn’t apparently.” Anna interjected
“No, but before he got to his explanation, I ticked him off enough and he kissed me.  I got even more angry and stubborn so he lassoed me, hog tied me and gagged me so I would listen to him.”
“You are kidding me?” Anna asked
“No, I am not, but if you ever tell a soul especially my brothers, you are next in line.”
“I promise.” Anna pledged
“Anyway, we worked it out.  Before I knew his feelings, I knew I loved him for years but I had to be patient to see if he would feel that way about me.  I had reached the end of my rope though and left home.  I couldn’t find the peace anymore around here, not on a ride with my horse, not with having Sarah my best friend back.  Nothing.  I didn’t get it back until I had Nick in my life.  Can I ask you a very personal question?”
Anna nodded
“When David isn’t infuriating and irritating and bossy, what do you feel when you are with him?”
“Comfort, safety, strength, love and peace.”
“Take the time to learn to be secure in those things.  David is like Dalton, they want to rush.  Dalton practically proposed to Sarah on their first date.  And she literally had an engagement ring fifteen days later.”
“You are joking?” 
“No, ask her story sometime.  She had to learn a few things too.  But know this, there isn’t anyone better than a Matthews’ man to love and care for you.”
“And there isn’t anyone better than a Matthews’ woman to get advice from” Anna stated “Thank you.”
“You are welcome.  I’m glad you are going to be my sister too.”
“But you just said to take my time.”
“True and you should, but it is still going to happen.  I know my brother and he has never brought anyone home to meet us.  Can you see why?”
“Because it is a crazy and nuts around here.”
“Yes, basically.  Now we better get back, David is probably pacing by the barn.”
Anna laughed but silently agreed with her.  David isn’t known for his patience.  As they approached the barn, they could see David pacing back and forth where the four-wheeler usually sat.  They were still laughing as they parked the vehicle and got out.
“What are you two laughing at?” David asked
“You.” Lindsay answered “I told her we needed to get back because you were probably pacing by the barn.  And here you are.”
“You stole my girl.  How was I supposed to know you’d bring her back?” he glared at Lindsay
“I love you too big brother.  Where is everyone?”
“Up at the pool, swimming.”
“Great, see you there.” She said rushing off
“Are you okay?” David asked when they were alone.  
“Yes, I just needed some peace.  I feel like I am in a whirlwind and don’t know when I’ll land.”
“I’m sorry.  Do you want to go home?”
“No, I’m okay now.  Your sister helped me think things through.  She is wonderful and very smart.”
“Yes, I almost lost that and didn’t even know it.”
“She told me.  She also told me to take my time to learn how to be with you.  And she told me that to get you to not rush was going to be tough but I could do it.”
“Me rush?  I’m a cowboy, we never rush.” He said seriously
“Yeah right.” She said sarcastically “I heard how Dalton didn’t rush in his courtship of Sarah either.”
“He waited five years.  Sorry babe, I ain’t waiting that long.”
“That’s not the story Lindsay told.  She said Sarah had a ring in fifteen days.”
“Well, yeah, that is true too I guess if you want to look it from that direction.  I was making a point though that I don’t rush.”
“David, shut up and kiss me.” she urged
“With pleasure.” He said gathering her in his arms.  Anna wound her arms around his neck and hung on while he thoroughly kissed her.  As he sat her feet back on the ground she smiled at him.  “Will you go swimming with us?”
“On one condition.” She answered
“And that is?” he questioned
“I get to wear a shirt over my suit in the water.”
“Yes, anything.” He said excitedly “I’m so glad you will go with me.  Let’s go change.”
A few minutes later, David knocked on Anna’s door carrying one of his t-shirts.  Anna was already dressed in her bikini when she opened the door.
“I could look at you all day in that bikini.  Do you think they would miss us if we stayed here?”
“Yes, I think they would know something was up.  And having them know my whole story is one thing, having them imagine me and you doing other things is something else.  I’m not giving complete strangers cause to speculate on my private life any further.”
“Anna, my brother and my sister and I do not speculate on each other’s love life.  We are all grown adults who made our choices about who we make love to or don’t make love to.  Lindsay and Nick were together in San Francisco for weeks alone, I didn’t speculate on what they were doing just as I didn’t speculate on Sarah and Dalton when they were in Hawaii.”
“And CeCe, Greg and Colby?”
“Who cares what they think.  This is about you and me.” 
“Let’s go join them and talk about this later.  Is that shirt for me?” 
“Yes, it should cover you so you will be comfortable.”
“Thank you.”
“But when it is just you and I alone, don’t count on wearing the shirt.”
“I know.”
Anna put the shirt on and they went to join the rest of the people at the pool.  David got in the water and held his hand out for Anna to join him.  She walked cautiously down into the water holding his hand.  He picked her up and carried her in his arms as he swam around.  
“You can put me down.  I won’t drown.” She said a few minutes later
“And I like holding you so just go with it.”
Anna kissed him and wrapped her legs around his waist, he groaned softly in her ear.  “What?” she whispered to him.
“You feel wonderful wrapped around me” he whispered back
Anna smiled at him and he swam around with her for several minutes.  The men decided to play basketball so the ladies got out and sat on the lounge chairs by Sarah.  
“Why aren’t you swimming, Sarah?” Anna asked
“Today isn’t a good day for me.  Just watching you guys in the water is almost too much for me.”
“Dizzy?” asked Anna
“And spinning and hearing issues today.”
“Should you be up?”
“Yes, it isn’t as bad as it can get.”
“That isn’t bad?” asked Anna
“No, that isn’t as bad as it can get.” answered CeCe
Anna turned a shocked face to CeCe.  CeCe nodded “Since you shared your life issue with me, I’ll share mine.  I have the same illness as Sarah.  We help each other through the tough times.”
“And the tough times are what?”
“A day or a week in bed.  Tears, suffering, an emotional rollercoaster for our families, torture for our husbands who can’t stop the attacks.” answered Sarah “See, Anna, I didn’t want to marry Dalton since I had this illness.  I ran to Hawaii after telling him to leave me alone he couldn’t deal with this with me.  He followed me with the help of my friends, Greg and CeCe.  And he convinced me that he could handle it.”
“And you had a ring fifteen days after your first date?”
“Someone has been talking.” Sarah said to Lindsay
“Yes, she shared with me her story.” Anna answered for Lindsay.  “I needed it.  I need to look at things from a different perspective.”
CeCe got up and sat on the end of Anna’s chair. “Yes, you do.  But we all struggle with issues in our life that we feel we shouldn’t burden others with, but that is what husbands and wives are for.  No marriage is going to have all perfect days.  There are going to be days when you are sick like Sarah and I or even with a crummy common cold.  There are going to be days when he gets on your nerves so bad you want to send him into the woods and tell him to stay there for a week.”  CeCe paused and looked around at the men “Then there are days like today that are perfect and you can’t spend enough time with them.  Issues and all.  Those are the times you remember.  In a few years, you are going to look back at this time with David and sometimes you will think it took too long to see him as your husband.  And then there will be times that it will seem like time sped by and you realize that you have loved him for just a brief time.  But wonder how you ever lived without him beside you.”
“How did you get so smart about life, CeCe?”
“I like people.  I like to study them.  I like to watch them and see what they do in certain circumstances.  I try to read them.”
“You are good at it.” commented Anna
“Thank you.”
Anna, CeCe, Lindsay and Sarah watched the men play basketball in the pool for a long while.  It was rough, they were all tired out when they joined the ladies.
“David, we have to borrow Anna tomorrow.” Sarah announced
“No.” answered David “She is mine.”
“I wasn’t asking your permission.  I was telling you.  We have to have Celina get started on her gown right away or it won’t be ready for the gala.”
“What gown?” asked Anna
“Your gown for the foundation’s gala, it is rapidly approaching.”
“I don’t need a gown Sarah, but thank you for thinking of me.”
“Are you sure, Celina makes beautiful clothes?”
“I’m sure she does but I don’t need one.”
“Would you excuse us for a minute?” David said to the group as he reached for Anna’s hand.  Anna looked puzzled but went with David.  He led her into the house and into his room.
“Why don’t you need a gown for the gala?” David asked after he had shut the door behind her.
“Why do I need a gown for the gala?”
“Because we are going to go.”
“I don’t know that.  I do have a practice and a schedule of times I am on call.”
“Will you go with me if you aren’t working?”
“Yes, I would enjoy that.”
“So you need a gown.”
“No, I’ll get a gown.  I can’t go to a designer and have her make me a dress.”
“Yes you can.”
“Do you ever listen or do you just assume I am going to follow your every command?” she asked frustrated turning to pace the room
“Okay, I’m listening, what did I miss?”
“David, I am so tired of this discussion.  I’ll see you a little later.  I have to …” she said weary of the same topic of discussion that he just ignores anyway.  She let herself out of his room and went to her suite.  
Anna showered then went to lie down on the bed.  A ball gown?  Stand in front of a designer and have her see my flaws up close and personal.  Why doesn’t he get that I can’t do that?  How do I explain this again?  Why do I have to explain this again?
Anna pulled out her cell phone and called her therapist.
“Hi Anna.” Her therapist answered after her receptionist told her Anna was on the phone.
“Hi Dr. Palmer.”
“Is everything okay, Anna?”
“Yes and No.  You may not believe this but last week I met and renewed an acquaintance and we have decided to date.”
“That is great news.”
“I’m excited except for the intimacy issue which could ruin the whole thing, but the most pressing problem is the physical appearance of my body.  He wants me to dress in clothes that show my skin.”
“I’m assuming you told him your story.”
“Yes, actually it wasn’t too bad.  I have actually told several people in the last few days.”
“That is great news.  I wasn’t sure that would ever happen for you.”
“Me either.  But my problem is that he says he doesn’t see the scars when he looks at me.  He has proven to me that they don’t matter to him, but they do matter to me.  How do I explain to him that this is a big issue to me?”
“Repeatedly and with patience probably.”
“Patience with anyone who doesn’t quickly agree with him isn’t his strong suit.”
“Are you sure he is someone you want to be with?  Is he too forceful for you?”
“He would never hurt me.  I know that.  He isn’t patient because he is used to others doing what he says.  He is pretty powerful and influential in the industry he is in.”
“Where did you meet him?”
“I told you about him.  It is David Matthews.”
“Really? From the ranch where you took Jimmy?”
“Yes.  We ran into each other in San Diego last week and started doing things together and now we progressed to dating.  I’m scared that I am doing what is best for him, but I really like him.”
“Anna, we have talked about this.  You are a wonderful person, he is lucky to have you.  And from what you told me, he has shown you that he values you, not the scars on your skin.  Are you using the scars as an excuse to not further your relationship with him?”
Anna rubbed her head that was beginning to ache with all the worry “I hope not.  Maybe I am.”
“Scars are a physical thing, relationships shouldn’t be built on physical appearance.  You know that, you have worked that through in your mind a long time ago.  I think this is new to you and you are afraid of the unknown.”
“I know I am afraid.  I want to be whole and happy and I want to be the best he can get.  He deserves it.”
“Then it sounds to me like he deserves you.  You have a character that I have not seen in too many people.  Your background could have made it to where you believe this world owes you something.  Or it could have made you treat others as you were treated.  But, you don’t do either of those things.  Give this relationship a chance Anna, asking him to be patient about the scars until you see yourself reflected in his eyes.”
“Thank you for that.  That’s what I need to tell him.”
“Absolutely.  Good Luck.”
“Thank you for listening to me.”
“Anytime.”
Anna went back to David’s room and knocked on his door.  “Come in.” he called
“Can I talk to you?” Anna said as she entered cautiously.
“I wish you would.  I’m not sure I understand what happened a few minutes ago.”
“That was my fault, but I want to talk about something else first.  Will you listen to my explanation?”
David nodded and patted the bed next to him indicating that she could sit down.  Anna climbed up next time him but faced him instead of sitting beside him.
“David, I really like you and I want to someday get to the point where I am so comfortable with you and me together that I can put on a wedding dress and walk down to the aisle to join my life with yours.  But I’m not there yet.”
“I know…” he started to say but she said “Please don’t talk for a moment.”
David nodded and Anna continued “Your sister gave me some great advice today and I asked her to give it to you too but she isn’t here so I am going to tell you what she said.  She told me to ease up on myself that it was too soon to give up on you and it was too soon to be thinking of marriage.”
David tried to say something but she clamped her hand over his mouth.
“I’m not done.  You can’t talk until I tell you that you can.  Anyway, back to my explanation.  I just talked to my therapist and she gave me some good advice too.  She told me I was probably afraid which I am.  But that I shouldn’t base our relationship on what my body looks like and that I need to proceed until I can see myself reflected in your eyes.  When I can see me as you see me, then I’ll know.  I want to be the best for you.  I want to be the someone very special that you deserve.  Am I what is best for you?  Honestly, can you answer that now for yourself?” Anna asked releasing him so he could speak if he wanted too.  She looked down at the bed while she waited on him.
“Anna James?” 
“Yes, David Matthews?”
“Didn’t you just answer your own question?”
“I don’t follow you.” She answered confused.
“If you were selfish and just wanted to be with me because I’m wealthy or influential, would you care if you were best for me?  No, you wouldn’t.  But since you do want the best for me, doesn’t that make you the best for me?  You want my happiness as much as I want yours.  I want to be that someone very special that you deserve.  Am I the best for you?  Am I too forceful for you?  Is it going to be a reminder of your childhood because I am impatient and want things when I want them or as you say “king of my castle.”  I want to see my dreams reflected in your eyes just as you need to see your dreams reflected in mine.”
“Your forceful personality does not remind me of my parents.  I can handle you.” She said smiling through her tears.  “And I don’t want to discuss my scars again other than this…they are an issue to me and you know that.  You don’t like it but tough.  My promise to you is to try to not let them bother me in other words I’m going to try to push the issue to be a thing of the past.  I will wear clothes that you like if I can find comfort in them.  I will go get a ball gown but I am going to do it where I am comfortable.  And you are going to let me, not force me to go to Sarah’s designer.  I want you to be proud of me and think I am beautiful, so have no fears I’ll find a stunning gown so I don’t embarrass you.”
“Anna James” David said forcefully pulling her to him
“What now?” she asked playfully
“I am proud of you and I know you are beautiful and I wasn’t fearful of you not finding a stunning gown.  You could never embarrass me.” He said pulling her to him for a kiss.  “I tried to push you and I’m sorry.  I see someone fabulous when I look at you.  My promise to you is to let you work this out in your timetable.  But your timetable will not stop me from telling you that you are beautiful and it will not stop me from increasing our intimate moments.”
“Okay” she said uncertainly
“When I am with you, kissing you and soon to be other things, your scars are invisible to me.  I am going to someday soon, touch, kiss and lick every inch of your body scars included and you are going to have to deal with that.  I love you and I can say that over and over and I will, but I am going to show you over and over also.  Maybe then you will see what I see.  A beautiful, dazzling, stunning, amazing woman.”
“David Matthews?”
“Yes, Anna James?” 
“Will you marry me when I feel that I am that beautiful, dazzling, stunning, amazing woman you deserve?”
“I just won the bet didn’t I?”
“Technically, I asked you but yes, I’ll let you pick out my wedding dress.  Who cares who picks it out just as long as you are so unbelievably happy that I am the one wearing it as I walk down the aisle to join my life with yours.”
“I am unbelievably happy.  Do I get to tell people I won the bet?”
“Not until you ask me to marry you.”
“Anna James?”
“Yes, David Matthews?”
“Will you marry me?”
“Yes, but we have that whole intimacy issue to deal with first.”
“Anna, look where you are right now?  What are you doing?”
“Lying on top of you.”
“Say that again?”
“Oh my.  David, I’m lying on top of you!”
“And?”
“I didn’t even notice.”
“Okay, but that wasn’t quite the reaction I was hoping for.”
“Sorry I said that wrong.  I did notice that you felt comfortable and I wasn’t afraid.”
“Better on the comfortable part, fabulous that you weren’t afraid.”
“You didn’t like it that I thought you were comfortable.  David that is a huge step for me.”
“I know and I am proud of you.  And you can think of me as comfortable for now.  But I would hope that it changes to passion and a longing to be intimate with me.”
“You are going to have to teach me those things.  I denied them for so long, I had to put them out of my mind.  I was never going to be this close to a man.”
“I understand but now back to my question.”
“What question?”
“Anna James, will you marry me?” 
“Didn’t I say yes before?”
“You said yes with a condition.”
“And that is the condition.”
“I don’t think that it is going to be a problem.  I think we are going to “burn up the sheets” when we make love.  If you were saying to me right now, that you never wanted me to make love to you then yes we would have a problem.  But you want to get to that point, you are willing and we will get to that point.  No matter how long it takes.”
“But is still a condition of my acceptance.”
“You aren’t hearing me.  If you had never been abused and you were just coming to me a virgin and no other intimacy issues, it would still be some time before you would be comfortable with me.  Will it take longer because you have been abused?  Possibly.  My point is this, physical intimacy between a man and a woman takes time.  At what point are you going to be able to say, I’m comfortable with making love to David?  We aren’t going to make love before we are married so do you think you can have a set action that tells you that you have reached your comfort level?  I don’t think it will work that way.”
“I hadn’t thought of it like that.”
“Are you comfortable in this position?” he asked 
“Yes.”
“And what about this?” he asked rolling her over and leaning over her.
“Yes.” She answered
“And if I do this?” he asked moving to the end of the bed then walking on his hands and knees until he was directly over her
“Yes.”
David gently stretched out on top of her and kissed her
“David, I love your weight on me.” she stated as he kissed her neck  
“And I thought this might be the position that would frighten you the most.”
“No, I love this.  I can hold you and feel all of you.”
David leaned back and eased his weight off of her “Do you understand my point?  What event is going to trigger you to know you are comfortable with intimacy with me?  Because I really thought this position would scare the heck out of you and when you were comfortable being this close to me then you would know.”
“It wasn’t a particular position or anything like that for me, it was more of a thought that I didn’t want to make a mistake when I made love to you.”
“Anna, my love, about the only mistake you can make when you make love to me is to say some other man’s name.  There are no mistakes when you make love to someone.  I think you are as normal as any other woman who has never made love before, you don’t know what to expect and you are uncomfortable.”
“I’m a doctor, I know what to expect.”
“Anna, you know textbook what to expect.  But no one who has never had sex before is comfortable the first few times.  No one.  Husbands and wives sex lives get better with time.  So again, my question is what is going to be your trigger to know?”
“I have been looking at this the wrong way, haven’t I?”
“And so have I to some degree, I thought you were afraid of the touching and being touched.”
“No, I was uncomfortable with not being perfect at sex the first time.  I love being touched by you.  That night I told you my history and you touched my skin, I almost cried.  It was so wonderful, I didn’t know what I had missed.  I’m not making it sound as wonderful as it was because I can’t find the right words but since then it has never been about your touch or being close to you physically.”
“So when I ask my question again someday soon, you can answer it without a condition?”
“You aren’t going to ask me now?” she asked
“No, I have a rule, no asking the woman I love to marry me more than two times in one day.”
“David!  I have an answer now.”
“Nope, sorry, missed your chance.
“But, I have…”
“Okay how about this?  My lovely, wonderful sister was right, it is too soon to think about marriage and it is too soon to give up on marriage.  We are going to “practice” on intimacy except for consummation.  I believe we understand your definition of comfort now and with that cleared up we can just take time.  We don’t need to rush, we can get familiar with each other and learn more about each other.  Time is what we need.  Do you agree?”
“Yes, I agree wholeheartedly.  I have one more thing to tell you.”
“Okay, I think I can handle it.” He said bracing himself for bad news
“You just blew it bud.  I’m not going to tell you now.” She said joking with him.
“Please!” he pleaded
“Nope, sorry, missed your chance.” She said repeating what he told her earlier
“Tell me” he growled playfully at her
Anna shook her head and he reached for her just as his cell phone rang.
“Hi Gabby.  What’s up?”
“Dinner.  Two minutes.”
“We are on our way.” He said hanging up


After dinner, Greg, CeCe and Colby stayed around and the discussion turned to the foundation’s annual gala.
“What did you decide on going with us to get a gown?” Sarah asked Anna
“If I am able to go, I will get a gown…” 
“What do you mean if?” asked Sarah
“If I am not scheduled to work or on call, David has asked me to attend with him.  But, only if my schedule permits.”
Sarah glared at David and he glared back. “What are you glaring at me for?  I asked and she gave me the same answer.  What am I supposed to do?”
“Figure something out.” answered Sarah
“Hold it Sarah.” interrupted Anna “David will not have anything to say in the matter if I am working.  I am telling all of you this for the one and only time.  I love my job, I am on call as part of that job.  I have rounds at hospitals, I have office hours and I donate my time at clinics.  It is not a simple office work eight hours a day job.  So, if my schedule permits, I’ll be at the gala.  And I will be dressed appropriately to not embarrass the Matthews’ family.”
“I didn’t mean to imply otherwise Anna.” Sarah responded
“I know.  Let’s just drop the subject until I check my schedule.”
“Good idea.” responded Dalton
“I’m sorry Sarah.” Anna stated
“I’m sorry too.” answered Sarah
Anna decided she needed a break from people and made her excuses.  “Would you all excuse me, I have a phone call to make?” 
Anna walked outside and wandered to the pool area.  She sat down on one of the chairs and just relaxed in the quiet.  This family was way too stubborn.
“I know what you are thinking.  You are thinking that all of us are pushy and stubborn.” Sarah stated walking up to Anna
“How did you guess that?” asked Anna
“Believe it or not, I thought that way too not so long ago.”
“Why? And how did you become just as stubborn?”
“Do you know my history with the Matthews’ family?”
“No.” answered Anna
“Lindsay and I were college roommates and best friends.  The summer after our graduation I overheard Nick and Dalton talking in the barn one morning.  Dalton said some unkind things about me and I ran.  I disappeared and didn’t talk to the Matthews again for five years.  I talked to Gabby and Nathan, but no one else.”
“What changed?”
“Dalton read the article in the newspaper about my foundation and decided to see if he and Matthews International could help us.  He went to see Greg and then Greg brought me in and “introduced” us.  Greg had no knowledge of my prior associations with the Matthews.  Dalton and the family were thrilled that I had been located, I on the other hand hated it and was scared.  No one knew why I had run and disappeared.”
“Why not?  Why not confront Dalton?”
“He was the CEO of a corporation and I was a new college graduate.  He intimidated me.  I was shy and scared.  I was bothering him by being at his ranch.  They all contacted me after I had been found and wanted me to come home.  I had to keep putting them off until Dalton made me mad enough one day that I yelled the whole story at him.  So they all thought that now that they knew why I had disappeared that I would come home.  All had been forgotten, Dalton had apologized for what he said.”
“This isn’t telling me how you got to be just as stubborn as they are?”
“Dalton hadn’t invited me to come here, everyone else had but he hadn’t.  I had to keep pushing the professional relationship instead of a personal relationship until we started dating.”
“Yeah and?  This explanation is not helping me.”
“Try this.  Dalton isn’t quite as forceful as David, but if I wanted to survive and be an equal partner with Dalton I had to toughen up.  On our second date, he stood me in front of a mirror and tried to force me to tell him I thought of myself as beautiful.”
“You are beautiful.”
“Not then, I didn’t believe that about myself.  What Dalton said that day in the barn was that I wasn’t beautiful.  I had believed that for five years.  I had to get him to back off the making me tell him I was beautiful.  I couldn’t do it, I still can’t.  My point is that I had to get tough and stubborn or Dalton would have run over me.  You already have that and can take David on.  I’m impressed.”
“Don’t be.  I don’t want to live my life fighting my way through it.  I have done that.  I literally fought my way through my childhood.  I want an equal partnership, I don’t want a battle over every issue.  This family pushes on everything.” Anna said frustrated “David does not control my work schedule.  And for a while, until we work out some things, he won’t even have a say in it.  I know that sounds bad, but hospital schedules and on call schedules are set up for weeks.  I can’t just change things because you all want me too.  I didn’t expect to start dating while I was on vacation.  I scheduled my life as a single person.  It is going to take time to change that and David can’t do anything about that so don’t make it a fight between us.”
“Us, as in you and me or you and David?”
“Either one.  I don’t want to battle with my future sister-in-law.”
Sarah laughed “You caved already didn’t you?”
“Not technically.  I asked him.”
“You did?  You won the bet then.”
“Yes, but I am still going to let him pick out the dress.  He has better taste in clothes than I do.  You should see the dress he picked for me on our shopping trip in San Diego.”
“I have never known David to be sub standard at anything.  But you didn’t announce your engagement at dinner.”
“Well, and this is the last time I discuss this issue, my lack of dating experience has made physical intimacy a scary topic for me.  I still want to get used to being close to him before we make this irrevocable.”
“Anna, I had the same issue.  I never dated, I was nervous and I had to learn too.  You will.  You are going to be nervous the first times but it will all work out.”
“She’s right” added Lindsay as she walked up to them.  “I was the same way.”
“Does this whole family talk this openly about sex?”
“No” Lindsay answered “We talk to our husbands this openly about sex but usually not to each other.  We are just giving you advice on what we have already learned.  Anna, you are no different than any other girl who is inexperienced, so for the second time today I’m telling you to ease up on yourself.” 
“Am I strong enough to survive this family?” Anna wondered aloud
“You get used to it.  Today was unusual because of the guests we had, normally it is just family.  We do spend lots of time together as a family but we have our own lives too.  If fact as the gala approaches, you will see me less and less.”
“I appreciate the advice you all have given me today.  I am so overwhelmed I can’t think straight.”
“What are you overwhelmed about?” asked Lindsay
“She caved in already.” Sarah answered instead of Anna
Lindsay laughed “Already?  You didn’t announce it at dinner.”
“It’s conditional, we are going to decide after some time has passed.”
“That is wise.  Anna, we are not as bad as what you have already endured in your life.  You can take on David, we have already seen that.  Trust in the strength that got you this far in life.  That is the best advice I can give you.”
“Thank you, it is great advice.”
Sarah rose from the chair to say her goodbyes “Good night Anna and I’m sorry about pushing you about the gala.”
“It is okay Sarah, I’m sorry about the dress comment.”
“I know.” Sarah leaned down to hug Anna.  “Trust in yourself Anna, and when you can, trust in us and in David.”
Lindsay hugged Anna also and welcomed her once again to the family.  “Good night.” They said as they walked away.
Anna sat outside for several more minutes.  She was relaxing and trying to capture all the amazing moments of this day.  
“Anna?” David asked from a distance “Can I join you?”
“Yes, as long as we don’t discuss anything more stressful that the color of the night sky.  I am so tired.”
“Me too.  I was just going to ask you if you were ready to go to bed.  Will you stay in my room with me?”
“Are you sure about that?”
“Very.  I need to be near you.”
“I need you too.  Right now I just need to draw from your strength, I’m about done in.”
David reached out his hand and she took it and they walked into the house together.  He led her to her room and told her to come to his room when she was ready.  
Anna knocked on David’s door a few minutes later.  He opened it and swept her up in a big hug.  She clung to him just as tight as he held her.  “I needed that.” He said as he laid her out on the bed.
“Please hold me.”
David nodded and turned off the light beside the bed.  He urged her to lie on top of him and he hugged her fiercely and kissed her deeply.  She was moaning in pleasure when he released her.  “I have wanted to do that all day.” He said rolling them to their side.
“We should have taken the time for that.  More us time.”
“Today was unusual, there will be plenty of us time tomorrow.  We can do whatever you want.”
Anna nodded and snuggled deeper into his arms.  He rubbed his hands up and down her back and kissed the top of her head.  “I love you.” He whispered
“I love you.”
David jerked backed in utter astonishment “You do?”
“Yes” she chuckled “That’s what I was going to tell you earlier tonight.”
“And I treated it like a joke.  I’m sorry.  I would never treat your love like a joke.”
“I didn’t take it that way.”
“I’m glad.”  He said.  “Sleep my beautiful girl.” 


Anna woke in the middle of the night after a short bad dream.  She didn’t want to wake David so she got up and went to sit on the couch in a separate seating area in his suite.  She was crying softly when he swept her up from the couch and sat down in the chair with her on his lap.  “What’s wrong?”
“Bad dream”
“Want to tell me about it?”
“I have them sometimes, it is normal considering what I went through.  I got too tired and to stressed, that is usually when they occur.”
“These are not dreams, they are remembrances aren’t they?”
“Yes, it is real.  I’m reliving it usually.”
“Next time, will you wake me and I’ll hold you?”
“David, you don’t have to do that.  I just need a minute then I’ll be fine.”
“Anna, I want to do that if it will help you.”
“You are too nice to me.”
“Not really.  But no more stress tonight, can you go back to sleep now?”
“I’ll try.”
Anna crawled back in bed and lay down on her side and David snuggled in around her with his chest to her back.  He wrapped her up tight in his arms.
“I love you Anna James.” He whispered “I want you to feel comfortable enough to wake me when the fears come.  I want to drive them from you forever.”
“That is a nice concept, but probably not realistic.”
“Right now we are dreaming not being realistic.”
“What are we dreaming?”
“How about our wedding day?”
“Describe it to me.” 
“You are dressed in an absolutely beautiful gown, chosen by me by the way” he interjected “but the gown isn’t anywhere as dazzling as you are.  You are glowing with happiness and anticipation of our life together.  As you walk towards me, I can’t breathe for looking at you.”
“And you are waiting for me dressed in a fabulous tuxedo that only enhances your gorgeous body.  And while you can’t breathe, I can’t stop the tears as I see your love for me reflected in your eyes.”
“Gorgeous body?”
Anna turned in his arms and faced him.  “Oh my yes.” She said reaching out to touch his chest. She ran her hand up to his shoulders and down his arm to clasp his hand.  She brought his hand to her lips and kissed his palm and laid his hand on her chest.  She moved her hand until her arm was wrapped around him so she could caress his back.  “I love your skin.  It is so incredible.” She whispered as she kissed his chest.  
David moved his hand to caress her skin.  “I will say the same thing about your skin.”
“My skin tingles when you caress it.” She admitted
“Then prepare yourself for future tingles then because I plan to do it a whole bunch in the future.  But tonight, my tired girl, we need sleep.  Dream sweet dreams this time.”
“I want to dream of you.” She said settling down against him even closer.
The next morning, Anna woke to David nuzzling her neck.  “Ummm, that feels good.” She said sleepily.  “Do I smell coffee?
“Yes.  I went and snagged you a cup.” He said laughing
“You laugh, but it will save your sanity if you make this a habit.”
“Got it, bring Anna coffee every morning as a wake- up call.”
“I’ll love you forever.”
“But, I only have one problem with that.” He said then paused as he got her attention “If I am making love to you, I’m not going to be thinking about coffee.”
Anna sputtered her coffee all over the bed.  “David! Don’t say that when I have a mouth full of coffee.”
David laughed and got up to get her a towel.  “I wasn’t expecting that reaction.”
“Well, then we are even because I wasn’t expecting your comment.”
“How did you sleep the rest of the night?” he asked changing the subject
“Really good.  I could feel you next to me and hopefully it kept the memories at bay.”
“Then you will sleep with me again often?” he asked hopefully
“That discussion is going to wait until I have food to fortify myself.”
“Come on then sweetheart, Gabby is fixing breakfast.”
Anna got up from the bed and told David she would meet him in the kitchen.  “What are we doing today?” she asked 
“What do you want to do today? We could go for a ride.”
“I don’t have my boots here.”
“True, but we could run into Peacock and get you some.  They have a great store in town.”
“Sure, I’d like to see the town anyway.”
“We will go mid-morning or so.”
“Sounds perfect.  I’ll see you in the kitchen.”
“I could help with the buttons and zippers again.”
Anna walked away shaking her head at him.  He is persistent about that subject.


Chapter 10

David and Anna walked around Peacock, Arizona for several hours.  It wasn’t that big of a town, but Anna was fascinated with it.  She looked in the stores and oohed and aahed over everything.  The store owners looked curiously at her since she was with the town’s richest eligible bachelor.  David introduced her to the people they ran across.
At the feed store, David helped her pick out some boots.  They ate lunch at the café.  It was full of the townspeople and they all gave her curious looks.
“Is something wrong with how I look today?” she asked as they were in the car driving back to Stage West.
“Absolutely not.  You look gorgeous as usual.”
“But the whole time we were in Peacock, I felt like I was being watched.”
“You were.  It is a small town, everybody is curious about everybody else.  And since you were the most beautiful person there today, why wouldn’t they stare?”
“Knock it off.  I’m serious.” She said skeptically
“Excuse me?  Did you just doubt me?” he asked forcefully but with a smile on his face
“Yes, I did.  So what?”
“Oh my love, you just bought yourself a whole heap of trouble.”
“Yeah right.  Answer my question.”
“I did.  You are beautiful so they were watching you.”
“I give up on you.  I did like the town though, maybe they will get used to seeing me around.”
“I like the sound of that.” He said bringing her hand to his lips 
They arrived back at the ranch and parked his truck in the car barn.  As they walked past his room, he swept her up in his arms and carried her into his room.  He kicked the door shut and walked her to the bed and dropped her on it.
“What are you doing?” she asked with a huge smile on her face
“I am giving you that heap of trouble you asked for.”
“I didn’t ask for any trouble.”
“You doubted me so…”
David took off his boots and his shirt and reached to remove her shoes.  
“You are so handsome and well built.” She said admiring him.
“Shh.  You are in big trouble.”
“Come here and show me some trouble then Mr. Matthews.”
David lay down on the bed and gathered her close.  He lowered his head and kissed her.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and moved closer.  He rolled them over until she was under him.  She caressed her hands up and down the bare skin on his back.  He trembled as she raked him with her fingernails.
She broke off the kiss. “Did I hurt you?” she asked terribly afraid
“No.  It was marvelous.  That tremble was excitement not fear.  Just relax, you can’t hurt me physically.”
“Kiss me again.”
David didn’t answer but followed through on her request.  He kissed her deeply as she continued to touch his skin.  Her touch was light but exciting.
“I’m going to touch you like you are touching me.” he said easing back from her  “but you have too many clothes on…” he said reaching for her hands to help her sit up.  “This top has to go.”
Anna reached for the hem of the shirt but David stopped her.  “My job.” He said at her questioning look.  Anna let go of the shirt and gave him a look that said “be my guest.”
David then reached for the hem of the shirt and gently pulled it up and over her head.  “Umm, luscious skin.” He uttered with enthusiasm as he lowered her back to the bed and kissed her shoulders at her neck.  Anna leaned her head away from him so he had more room to kiss.  “Easy sweetheart.  I’m enjoying you.”
“You surprised me.”
“Am I scaring you?” he asked a little concerned
“Not hardly.” She chuckled “Don’t stop.” She whispered.  “I love this.” She moaned accepting him.  “I can hold you like this forever.”
“I can be held like this forever.  You feel so wonderful to me.  But …” David wanted to look at her so he rolled over bringing her with him and sat her up to lean back on his knees.  “I like this position also.  When we make love, this position allows for more touching by me on this exquisite skin.  I will be able to touch you in places that only I have touched as your lover.” David urged her forward until she lay on him.  He whispered “You will ride me as I am deep inside you.  I will touch you until you scream my name.”
Anna moaned and squirmed at the pictured his words made.  She was flying already and they had barely begun.  David kissed her gently and eased her head to lie on his chest.  He stroked her hair as she retreated from the high he had given her.  “My love, you feel so good on me.”
Anna was thrilled.  His touch had shown her so much.  “David” she spoke softly “I have to ask you something.  Your look, your touch, your kisses…I wasn’t scared anymore.” She said as the tears formed in her eyes.  “I wasn’t scared anymore.”
David’s smile at her words was so big.  “You deserve to be proud of yourself.  I’m so glad for you.  But..” his smiled turned mischievous “I’m even more glad for me.”
Anna laughed at his mischievous smile.  “You are so special.  I’m glad I am with you.”
“And I’m glad I am with you.  I am glad you chased me as I ran from San Diego.  I was so sad that I wasn’t going to be with you anymore.”
“Normally, it isn’t something I would have done, but for some reason your odd behavior on the beach led me to believe something was broken inside you and I needed to fix it.  You looked crushed as you walked away from me.”
“That is very accurate description of how I felt.  It isn’t a feeling I am used to.  I’m tough, I’m in charge but I was lost in that moment.  I couldn’t watch you walk away from me so I walked away first.  My heart hurt though, I thought you wanted to be gone and I had to let go.  I don’t want to ever feel that again.”
“Me either.  I was mad but I was also hurt when I found out you left without a word to me.  I know it probably didn’t look it, but I was already much calmer when I arrived in your bedroom.”
“That was calm?”
“No, that was calmer.  I had told Dalton to tie you to a big tree and I would be here shortly to finish you off.  You are still alive aren’t you?”
“Anna, I’m very sorry about how I left San Diego.”
“I know.  It is over and done with now.”
David and Anna stayed in his room a few more minutes then decided to go for a short ride before dinner.  As they walked through the kitchen, Dalton came in.
“Hi Dalton.” David greeted
“Hi” he said sad and distracted
“What’s wrong?” David asked
“Sarah.  Her illness is bad today.  She has been vomiting all day.  She is so weak.”
“She needs fluids Dalton.” Anna stated
“She can’t keep them down.” 
“Let’s go.  I want to see her.” Anna said pointing at the door.
Dalton, David and Anna went to see Sarah.  David stayed in the living room as Dalton took Anna into see Sarah.  Anna told Dalton to leave her alone with Sarah for a few minutes and went in the bedroom.
“I come for a visit and this is how you treat me.” Anna joked as she entered the room and saw Sarah pale expression.
“Hi” Sarah whispered “I’m sorry.”
“Dalton tells me you can’t keep anything down.”
“No, it is a bad day.”
“Well, sister, you need to drink.  If you can’t do that we need to take you to the clinic.  I’d give you a shot but I don’t have my bag with me.”
“Why?”
“You need fluids.  So, do you want to try with the fluids or the emergency clinic?”
“I’ll try the fluids again.” Sarah decided.
“I’ll be right back.” Anna said leaving the room
“Dalton, will you bring some weak tea but not too hot or cold?” Anna asked when she got to the living room
Dalton nodded and moved to kitchen to make the tea.  Anna went back into Sarah’s bedroom.  She sat with Sarah and bathed her skin with a damp washcloth.  Dalton brought the tea and few minutes later and handed it to Anna.
Anna held the cup for Sarah and encouraged her to drink “Slowly”.  Sarah took a couple of sips of the tea and then eased back on the pillows.  She tried to sleep but the bed was spinning and she was going to be sick again.  She gave Anna enough warning and they made it to the bathroom but Anna didn’t take her back to bed.  “Sorry sister, it is time for the emergency clinic.”  
Anna and Sarah walked to the bedroom door.  As soon as it was opened, Anna called to David.  “David, go get the car, Sarah needs to go to the clinic.”
Dalton rushed to the ladies and picked up Sarah.  David ran to get the car as Anna gathered up some items they might need on the ride.  Anna ran to the main house and got her identification and ran back to Dalton’s house.  
David was back with the car and Sarah lay in Dalton’s lap as they drove to town.  When they arrived at the clinic, Dalton helped Sarah from the car and with Anna on the other side they helped Sarah into the building.  Dalton led her to a chair as Anna went to talk to the receptionist.
“I am Dr. Anna James.” She said showing her identification to the receptionist.  Anna filled the lady in on Sarah’s condition then had Dalton come to fill out the paperwork.  Anna sat down next to David who was holding Sarah’s hand. 
“Hey kid.  I had other plans than to sit here holding your hand.” He joked to Sarah “Anna and I were going riding.”
“Rub it in why don’t you?” Sarah joked back very softly then laid her head on his shoulder 
“I believe I will.” David mocked kissing the top of her head.  “I’m sorry you don’t feel well.” He whispered
“Don’t be nice now.  I’ll think I am really sick.” Sarah joked again
“Sarah Matthews” a nurse called from the door and Dalton and Anna helped Sarah walk to the room.  The nurse asked Sarah questions about how she was feeling and then took her vital signs.  Sarah was sick again because she had been up moving around.  
As the nurse left the room, Anna looked down at Sarah and tried to get her to relax.  “We need to get some medicine in you and get you to drink some then you will feel better and your husband’s color will come back to his face.”
Dalton looked shocked and chuckled at them.  Sarah laughed weakly.  “I’m sorry Dalton.” 
Dalton bent and kissed her on the forehead.  “No need.  Anna’s right, you will feel better soon.”
The doctor knocked on the door and came in.  “Hi Dalton.” 
“Hi Trevor.” Dalton answered.  “This is my wife Sarah and our friend Dr. Anna James.”
“A doctor, then what do you need me for?” he joked shaking Anna’s hand
“Because I am on vacation and didn’t have my medicine with me or I’d have given her a shot at home.”
“A vacation?  Doctor’s get vacations?  Why wasn’t I ever told that?” he smirked then moved to examine Sarah.
“You are dehydrated Sarah.  I’m going to give you a shot to help with the nausea and then you need to drink slowly but steadily.  Anna can advise you how much and what is best to drink.”
“Thank you.” Sarah whispered.  “I just want the world to stop spinning.  It will be better soon, I hope.”
The doctor nodded and went to get the nurse.  Anna followed him out.  “Thank you.” Anna said shaking his hand
“My pleasure.  She is pretty weak.”
“I’ll watch her for the next few hours.  Her husband will too I’m sure, along with her entire family.”
“The Matthews are a great family, aren’t they?  How do you know them?”
“Long story.  Short version is David Matthews and I are dating.  I was at Stage West for a few days.”
“It is a good thing, Sarah is real close to needing to be hospitalized.  If you weren’t going to be there to watch her, she would be on her way to Phoenix.”
“I was thinking the same thing.  She wouldn’t have made it in the car without the nausea medicine though, that is why I chose here.”
Trevor nodded and told Anna to call him if there was anything he could do for them.  He handed Anna a prescription for the future for nausea medicine for Sarah.  Anna went back into Sarah’s room.  The nurse came in and gave Sarah her shot and discharge papers.  
Anna left to go ask David to get the car.  Dalton and Anna helped Sarah walk out to the car.  Sarah lay on Dalton again as they drove home.
“Sarah, sweets” Anna said as they got her settled in bed.  Anna had told David and Dalton to start making some weak tea again.  “You almost waited too late to take care of the nausea.  If I wasn’t here, you would be on your way to the hospital in Phoenix.  He gave me a prescription for you for nausea medicine.  Next time, take the medicine much earlier.”
Dalton brought the tea in and set it beside the bed.  He kissed his wife and Anna asked him to wait outside.  “This is the bad day?”
“Yes, Dalton is handling it better than I anticipated.  This was the kind of day I hoped he would never have to see.  I pushed him away and ran to Hawaii.  Thankfully he followed but I am still sorry for him that there are days like today.”
“That man loves you a great deal.  I watch him watch you, I only used to dream about looks like that coming my way.”
“Not anymore.  David looks at you that way.  I’ve watched him, watch you.”
“Really?” Anna asked
Sarah nodded and was quiet for a while as they thought about their husbands and future husbands.  Sarah spoke a minute or so later. “Thanks Anna.  I’m sorry to ruin your day with David.”
“Not possible sweets.  My day isn’t ruined.  We had a great day.  The townspeople stared at me as we walked through town.  I must have had food stuck between my teeth or something.”
Sarah laughed “I think it is because you were with the town’s richest most eligible bachelor.  All of the mothers of the single girls were trying to think of ways to do you in.”
“They have to take a number; there is always a line forming to do me in.”
“Oh Anna, don’t make me laugh.”
“Who’s joking?” Anna smirked
“Stop.” Sarah whispered  
“So, you didn’t make it to the designer today?”
“No, Lindsay and CeCe went though I guess.  I wish you would go too.”
“Next subject sweets, that one is dead and buried.”
Anna helped Sarah drink some more and it seemed to be settling well in her stomach.  “How are you feeling?” Anna asked
“Better.  The nausea is much better.”
“Okay, rest now.  I’m afraid you need to drink more so sleeping for long periods isn’t possible.  We need to wake you up frequently.”
“I understand.” 
Anna went to living room.  Dalton and David were pacing.  “I’m sure that Sarah would prefer that you two not wear out the floor.  Sit down and relax, she is going to be fine.”
Dalton’s relief was visible as he sat down hard in the chair.  David paced and worried for a while longer until Anna went to him and pulled him to the couch.  “Sit down and relax.”
“Thank you Anna for helping Sarah today.” Dalton spoke
“I’m glad I was here.  I’m going to tell you the same thing I told her.  Don’t panic on me but if I wasn’t here, she would be in a hospital in Phoenix.  The doctor has given her a prescription for nausea medicine, next time give it to her much earlier than this.
Dalton nodded.  “What now?” he asked a few minutes later.
“Well, we stay up all night and give her fluids.  I told her we would be waking her up frequently.  Go in and see her and spend time with her.  I’m going to watch the clock, talk to your brother and bring you liquids to get her to drink.”
Dalton walked quickly in to see Sarah.  “Hi babe.” He said greeting her.  “How are you feeling?”
“Better.  I’m so tired though.”
“I know but you won’t get much sleep though.  Anna says we have to keep pushing the fluids.”
“She told me.  Did she tell you about the hospital?”
“Yes.  I’m sorry I listened to you, we should have gone to the doctor earlier today.” He said fiercely but tenderly
“I’m sorry too.  I just kept hoping it would go away.  I don’t have many days like this.”
“I’m really glad about that.  I don’t like to see you so sick, it hurts me too.”
“I knew it would, do you understand things a little better now?  Why I tried to push you away all those months ago?”
“Yes, but I’m still glad I won that war.”
“Me too.  I love you Dalton.”
“I love you my Sarah.”
Dalton leaned over to kiss her forehead again as a knock sounded at the door.  “Come in” Dalton called
“Hey kid.” David said as he and Anna entered “Want to go for a ride on a Ferris wheel?”
“Funny David, very funny.” Sarah said laughing weakly
“Who was being funny?  I’m very serious.” He tried to say seriously but couldn’t stop smiling.  “Seriously though, we are all in big trouble.  Gabby called wanting to find out where we have been, it is time for dinner.  We didn’t tell her about Sarah yet, but when we do she is going to storm her way over here.”
“We are in big trouble.” commented Dalton
David nodded and turned to Anna to lead her from the room.  “We will be back shortly.  Until we get back, drink slowly and steadily, try to keep track of the quantity.” Anna said as they walked out the bedroom.
Anna and David walked into the kitchen a few minutes later.  They sat down with Nick, Lindsay, Gabby and Nathan.  “Where are Dalton and Sarah?  Didn’t you say you were with them?”
“Yes we were.” David answered “We have to apologize to all of you.  We were with Sarah and Dalton because Sarah is really sick.”
“What?” gasped Gabby “You didn’t call me?”
“It happened fast.  Dalton came to the house for some reason and we asked about Sarah.  We found out she had been sick all day so Anna wanted to see her.”
“Yes and after I did, I realized she needed medical attention right away.  We got back from the clinic a short time ago, she is going to be fine but it is going to be a long night for us and for Dalton.  We need to slowly but steadily push fluids so she can regain her strength.”
“I’ll stay with her.” Gabby volunteered getting up from the table.
Anna stopped her “Gabby, she would really like that, but first I need you to make her some beef or chicken broth.  Lots of it.  She will need it to supplement the fluids.  Tomorrow she will need gelatin, popsicles and more broth.  She is going to gradually need solid food but not for a couple of days.” 
“I’ll get right on it.” Gabby said turning from the table
“Gabby, you need to eat first.” David stated to stop her.
“I’m fine.” Gabby said
“David’s right, Mama” Nick said “Please.”
“Fine.” Gabby grumbled as she sat down again.
“She would be upset if she knew you skipped a meal to help her.  She doesn’t like to be a bother remember.” Lindsay said quietly to Gabby.  Gabby nodded.
“She will need all of us in the next few days.  She won’t like it but it is the truth.” David stated
“Yes, she waited almost too late.  If we had waited too much longer she would be hospitalized.  She is weak but going to be fine.”  Anna stated trying to soothe and calm the fears around the table
The dinner participants were quiet that night.  Gabby was worried but also planning how to take care of Sarah.  David and Anna left soon after they finished eating; Gabby had prepared food for Dalton.  
“That was inspired.” David said to Anna as they left the house “Gabby needs to be needed and having her make the broth was genius.”
“Yes, it was.  But it is also the truth, Sarah can’t handle solid food for several days.”
David and Anna entered the house again and Anna went to see Sarah.
“Go eat” Anna instructed Dalton “I’ll stay with her.”
Dalton kissed her and told her he’d be right back.
“Was Gabby mad?” Sarah asked Anna
“Upset.  She tried to rush right down here, but I need her to make you lots of broth for the next few days.  That waylaid her for a while, but she will be down in a little bit I’m sure.”
Anna reached for Sarah’s wrist and took her pulse.  It hadn’t improved enough.  She reached for the tea and had Sarah drink more.  Sarah didn’t like the look on Anna’s face.  “What’s wrong?”
“I’d like your pulse to be stronger.  We need to have you drink more.  Your stomach is more settled?”
“Yes”
“Good, drink up.”
Dalton and David came back a few minutes later and found them watching TV.  “Hi sweetie.” Dalton said stretching out beside his wife.  
“Hi.” She answered “Did David tell you about Gabby?”
Dalton nodded “Anna is a genius.  We need to keep her around.”
“I think David is taking care of that.” Sarah smirked
“He’s trying.” Anna joked back
“Yes, he is trying.” Sarah said deliberately misconstruing Anna’s words
“Watch it kid.” David spoke from the chair next to the bed “I have stables that need to be cleaned and your hand fits around the shovel very nicely.”
“No, I tried it out the other day and my hand is too small.” Sarah joked and David, Dalton and Anna laughed.
Anna pushed more fluids to Sarah.  “Anna, tell Dalton about your experience in town.”
“What happened?” Dalton asked
“I must have had food in my teeth or something, everyone stared at me the whole time we were there.”
“They were looking at David probably, wondering how he got such a beautiful woman to walk around town with him.” Dalton stated
“Good point Dalton.” David said pulling Anna to sit in his lap.  
“You goof.” Anna said gently 
Dalton and Sarah laughed at them.  “So when do you have to go back to work Anna?” Dalton asked
“Well, I need to go back home the day after tomorrow.  I have patients on Monday at my office.”
“And when will you be back to visit us?” Dalton asked again
Anna looked at David “I’m not sure.  I have to check my schedule.”
“Can you let me know if you have the weekend after next free?” Sarah asked “I’d like to have a meeting on Gabby and Nathan’s project.” 
Anna said she would let Sarah know.  David had been usually quiet during the conversation on when she would be back to Stage West, Anna was a little concerned.
“Dalton? David?” Lindsay asked as she entered the house
“In the bedroom” Dalton called back
Lindsay walked back to the bedroom as Gabby put the gelatin in the refrigerator in the kitchen.
“Hi Sarah” Lindsay said as she entered the crowded bedroom 
“Hi” answered Sarah
David and Anna got up and excused themselves for a few minutes.  “We will be right back.” Anna said to Sarah “Drink” she said pointing to the cup of tea
David and Anna walked outside of the house and Anna directed him to his office in the barn.  She closed the door and turned to him.  “What’s wrong?”
“What makes you think something is wrong?” David asked stalling her
“You were too quiet when Dalton asked me when I had to be back at work and when I would be back.”
David didn’t say anything again which worried Anna even more.  “David, are you mad at me?”
“No” he said quietly 
“That wasn’t much of an answer.  Will you please tell me what is wrong?”
“I like having you here.” David said moving to sit in his chair behind the desk.
“Okay, I like it here but you aren’t really answering my question.” She said moving to sit on his lap
“You are going to get so busy that you’ll forget about me.”
“Not likely sweetheart” she said gently surprised by his insecure behavior “I love you.  It isn’t going to be any fun away from you.  I am going to miss you.”
“You could stay here and commute.” He suggested
“David, for a while that won’t be practical.  I wasn’t going to bring this up until you took me home but I might as well tell you now.”
“Tell me what?”
“I wasn’t exactly planning to start dating and fall in love on my vacation.”
“Neither was I, but I’m not understanding where you are going with this conversation.”
“In order to get the two weeks or more away from work, I had to rearrange schedules and on-call times.  My time for the next couple of weeks is pretty full if I remember my calendar correctly.  After that it will ease up and I’ll begin to work to fit in more free time, but sometimes I won’t have the time to drive out here.  It will be more practical if I stay in town at my house.”
“Can I come and see you there?”
“That would be wonderful.  We can talk about after I look my schedule over again.” She said leaning to kiss him.  
“Thank you.” David spoke a couple of minutes later
“For what?”
“For saying I can come to your house to see you.” 
“Where is this coming from? Where is the real David Matthews, the king of all he surveys?”
“I’m trying not to scare you off by pushing too hard.”
Anna reached to grab his chin with her hand. “Knock it off.  Go back to being the real David Matthews.  I fell in love with him and I’m not going to be scared off.  I’ll take you on first, count on it.”
“You think you can handle the real me?”
“Bring it on sweets.  Show me.” she said jumping up from his lap and assuming a boxing stance.  “Come on” she said bouncing between her feet  “Show me what you got” 
David laughed at her antics “You are the goof.” He said reaching for her “Here goes with the real David.  Ready?” 
Anna nodded
“I want to see you as often as humanly possible with busy schedules.  Either I’ll come to you or you come here.  I want your free time.”
“That’s better” she joked “The real David is back.”
David picked her up and kissed her hard.  “You are going to drive me crazy aren’t you?”
“Most likely.” She smarted back at him.  “Now, we need to get back and check on Sarah.  I hope you a ready for a long night.”
“I’m ready if you are going to be there.”
Anna found Sarah surrounded by her family.  Anna had made more tea before they came back into the room.  “Here, drink.” She said handing her the glass.  “It is going to be a long night for Sarah, so why don’t you all get some sleep, she is going to need you over the next few days.”
Sarah received lots of kisses and hugs as her family exited.  Anna assured them she would be fine with fluid and rest.  “Go” she said as they were reluctant to leave.
Anna reached for Sarah’s wrist and took her pulse again.  Sarah watched her and asked the question with her eyes.  Anna shook her head and handed Sarah the drink.  “What is going on?” Dalton asked having caught their silent conversation
“She is going to be fine.  Right now, her pulse isn’t where it should be that’s all.  She just needs more fluids.”
“Should she be in the hospital?” David asked
“Yes, technically.” Anna answered but rushed on to explain “She will do fine at home.  We just can’t push the fluids as fast as we could if she was hooked up to an IV.”
“Why not?” asked Sarah
“Your stomach can’t handle it.  And neither can your head.  If we push to fast, you will need to be up taking care of other needs and I’m assuming you are still pretty dizzy.”
Sarah said a quiet yes.
“Then we will take it slow and easy.  I will watch carefully and if I think it isn’t working…” Anna stopped and looked at Sarah
“I understand.” Sarah responded
Anna nodded and looked at the Matthews’ brothers.  “David and Dalton, go find somewhere to sleep for a couple of hours.  I’ll keep an eye on her.”
“I can stay with her.” Dalton suggested
“She will need you more tomorrow.  Go sleep.”
“What is going to happen tomorrow?”
“She is going to want to be up and around because she will feel better, but she is going to need a keeper to stop that from happening.”
“It won’t happen, I guarantee it.” Dalton said to his wife.  
“Thanks Anna” Sarah said “Now, I am stuck in this bed for days.”
“Tied to it if necessary.” Dalton stated
“Too much information” Anna said plugging her ears  
“You goof.” Sarah said laughing 
“Yeah, but you laughed didn’t you?” Anna said settling in the chair.  “Go” she said pointing to the brothers and the door  
Dalton gave Sarah a quick kiss and said he loved her as he left the room.
“Stubborn gene runs deep in this family.” Anna commented as they shut the door
“Then you will fit right in.” Sarah said 
“Me?  I’m not stubborn, my willpower left me sometime in San Diego.”
“Why do you think that?”
Anna started to tell Sarah about their time in California.  She mentioned how David had asked if she wanted to stay in the private suite and she said no; but still ended up staying in it.  Next she mentioned how she didn’t like to wear clothes that were revealing, but David had insisted she go shopping for some.  Then she mentioned him paying for those clothes against her wishes.  “Get the picture?  I just gave you the highlights.” Anna said handing her the glass so she could drink.
“David is a force to be reckoned with that’s for sure.” Sarah stated “but he is very kind and generous too.”
“You don’t have to tell me that, I’ve been there remember.”
“I forgot.  I’m sorry to bring that up.”
“No need to be sorry.  Jimmy was a great kid and I miss him but he was so sick and in so much pain, I wouldn’t want him here if he wasn’t well.”
“And will you have more foster children or just kids of your own?”
“Maybe.  I took my name off the foster care list for a while.  I need some time to regroup so to speak.  And as for children of my own… medically, I’m pretty sure it is impossible but I will have some tests to find out.  Adoption maybe, we haven’t made any plans about kids yet.”
“They will make great fathers and Lindsay and Nick will make great parents but I’m not sure about me…will I be a good mother if I can’t even rock my own child to sleep?  And days like today, what do I do then?”
“Well, I saw at least six pairs of arms that would do anything for you and I’m sure holding your child while you didn’t feel good would be just fine with them.”
“And if I pass this illness on to them?”
“And what does the research say about that?” 
“Unclear on if it is hereditary.”
“Then you get to make a tough choice.  What does Dalton say?”
“He says he loves me no matter what I choose.”
“I can see that.” Anna stated matter of fact as she handed her more to drink.  “So tell me more about this project with Gabby and Nathan.”
“They want to have a facility that helps parents with children who have cancer.  Like you and Jimmy, if you had had to come a long distance to get treatment for Jimmy, where would you have stayed?  They want to provide a comfortable homey place where the family can stay together but still have treatment for their child.  Any ideas?”
“With treatment at the home or at the hospital?”
“You tell me. Which is more feasible?”
“Feasible?  We will have to talk to some oncologists.  But for the child, any time he or she can stay in a more comfortable atmosphere than a hospital is preferable.  The parents would probably be more relaxed also and less scared.”
“Will you talk to some of your colleagues for us?”
“Sure. I’d be glad too.  Are you going to build one facility or several?”
“Well, one facility might be easier but we might look into outfitting several houses around town that could be used for the same purpose.  It might be beneficial to more people that way.”
“Home health care?  Nurses who come to the house?”
“Yes, is there such a thing?”
“Sure”
“Doctors?”
“Maybe.  I’ll look into it.  But it isn’t the doctor who administers the cancer treatments.  Radiation therapy would have to be done in the hospital, but between treatments they could still stay at a house.”
Anna and Sarah discussed more ideas and plans for the next couple of hours.  Anna encouraged lots more fluids into Sarah and it started to pay off.  “Your pulse is slightly improved.  But don’t slack off on the fluids just yet.  Close your eyes and relax for a while.  How is the dizziness?”
“Better.  I could probably be upright now.”
“Good, we can push the fluids more now.”
Sarah tried to relax but she owed Anna a big apology.  “Anna, I’m really sorry about yesterday.  The designer, pushing you to talk to CeCe, everything.  I know it isn’t easy being around here.  The Matthews are a great family, full of love; but they do take some getting used to.  I’m sorry I didn’t let you settle in first.”
“It is okay Sarah, I have lived with my secrets for so long.  It does get easier with the telling.  I was so ashamed for so long.”
“It isn’t your fault, sweetie.”
“I know that up here.” She said pointing to her head “but to the little kid who had a rough childhood. Well…” 
“Why did you keep it a secret?”
“I had resigned myself to live alone for the rest of my life.  No man, only foster children on an emergency basis.  David has been a huge surprise for me.  I told him my story last week and walked away.  I was sure he would be glad to never see me again.  I was really wrong.  He came over to my suite to talk to me but I wouldn’t open the door.  He threatened to call security so I let him in.  From there, he pushed and pushed until I ended up showing him most of my scars.  He looked at them and was very gentle with me as he said they didn’t represent ugliness to him.  They represented courage and strength.”
“That’s David.  He hated it that I wanted this house to live in instead of living at the main house.  He wants us around to take care of.  He is tough and forceful, but did you see him today holding my hand and kissing my hair?”
“Yes, it made me love him even more.”
“David Matthews is one of a kind.”
“And he is all mine.” Anna stated playfully
“You go girlfriend” Sarah said reaching to give Anna a “high five”.  When are you going wedding dress shopping?”
“You don’t give up do you?”
“No, sorry.  I have some bridal magazines you can have.”
“Let’s just wait on that.  I’d like a formal proposal and a ring before we rush to the bridal shop.”
“If I know David, that won’t be very far away.”
“You may be wrong about that.  I got to him in San Diego, I scared him.  He isn’t prepared for me anymore than I am prepared for him.  You all see him one way, but I have seen a different side to him.  We need time.”
“I’m glad you saw that side of him.” Dalton said quietly from the door “I wasn’t sure anyone ever would but me and Lindsay.”
“Hey, you eavesdropped.” Anna stammered
Dalton came into the room and sat on the bed near Anna “Yes, I’m not sorry either.  I am very happy for you and for David.  My big brother deserves happiness with you and you deserve happiness with him.”
“Thanks Dalton.  Is that your blessing?”
“Sure but you don’t need my blessing.”
“I’ll take it anyway.”
Dalton nodded then turned to Sarah “How’s my girl?”
“Better” they answered in unison
Anna chuckled “Her pulse is improved but we still have a ways to go.  Why are you awake?”
Dalton looked askance as Anna “Did you really think I could sleep?”
“I was hoping.  Where’s David?”
“Asleep on the couch.”
“Okay, since you are awake anyway, I’ll let you stay up with her.  Keep track of the fluids and if you need me call me.”  Anna said rising from the chair
Dalton caught her hand as she passed by “Thank you Anna”
“Anytime” she said looking at both of them “Good night.  Wake me in an hour.”
Dalton nodded and Anna left the room.  She walked to the living room and saw David sleeping on the couch.  He is mine for all time.  Anna kicked off her shoes and sat gently on the couch and eased herself down next to David.  David jerked and woke up.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.” Anna said apologetically
“You can wake me anytime if you want to sleep with me” he answered sleepily as he wrapped her in his arms and pulled her close “Anytime.” He said as he went right back to sleep.
“I love you” Anna whispered as she got comfortable in his arms and fell asleep.
About an hour later, Dalton walked to the living room and saw Anna and David sleeping on the couch.  David, you surprised me.  She is what you need but I wasn’t sure you would ever even look for it.  I guess you didn’t this time either; she just snuck up on you.  Good for her.
“Anna” Dalton said sitting on the chair close to them “Anna”
“I’m awake.” Anna said moving from David who slept through it.  Anna looked at David and shook her head “Nothing, not a single twitch.” She whispered to Dalton
Dalton chuckled and they walked down the hall to see Sarah.  “Hi” Anna said walking into the room.  Dalton had written down how many fluids Sarah had consumed.  Anna was pleased.  “How do you feel?” she asked reaching to take her pulse
“Much better.” 
“Your pulse is better.  How about some of the broth that Gabby made?”
“I’m hungry.” Sarah answered.
“I’ll get it.” Dalton volunteered
Anna sat down in the chair next to the bed. “I’m impressed.  You follow instructions pretty well for a stubborn Matthews’ girl.”
“I wasn’t always a Matthews.  I’m teachable still.”
“UhHuh” Anna said sarcastically
“You’re not very nice.” Sarah said just as sarcastically
“Never said I was.” Anna answered
Dalton came back into the room to find them laughing hysterically.  “What are you two doing?” he asked incredulously
“Insulting each other.” Anna answered
“Okay, that is unusual bedside manner for a doctor.” Dalton responded placing the tray over Sarah’s lap.
Anna nodded and rose to leave “Eat that, then sleep for an hour, no more.  Drink more.  Then sleep again.  Wake me in two hours or if you feel sick again after eating that.  Are you up for that Dalton?  Or do you want me to stay here while you sleep?”
“I got it.” He answered and Anna left the room and went back to lie down with David.  This time he didn’t move again and she fell right back to sleep.
Dalton and Anna kept up the routine of getting Sarah some fluids throughout the night.  By morning, she was much improved.  Gabby knocked on the door bright and early the next morning.  Dalton let her in and led her to see Sarah.
“You look much better, sweetie” Gabby announced after hugging Sarah
“I feel much better.” Sarah responded
“Good, can you eat some breakfast?”
“No she can’t.  More fluids today, more broth, gelatin, popsicles.  Maybe food tomorrow.” Anna answered 
Gabby nodded.  “Call me if you need me.  I’ll be back after I fix breakfast.”
“Bye Gabby.  Thank you for the broth, it is very good.”
“You are welcome.” Gabby said waving from the door.  “Breakfast in an hour for the rest of you.”
“Yes ma’am” Dalton responded
David finally wandered into the room to see Sarah.  “Ready to get to work, lazybones?” he asked
“Where have you been all night?  I don’t recall you helping me in the night.”
“Sleeping.  What did you need me for; you look perfectly fine to me?”
“Thanks David”
“You are welcome kid.” He said leaning to kiss her hair “I’m glad you are better.” He whispered.
“How about we get you up and walk the hall a couple of times?” Anna asked and Sarah nodded.  Dalton helped her to stand and he and David walked Sarah up and down the hall several times.  “How do you feel?  Balance issues? Dizzy?” Anna asked
“No, I’m tired but nothing else.” Sarah answered sitting back down on the bed.
“We are all going to let you sleep for a couple of hours, then we will get you up and help you shower.  Then drink as much as you can and sleep some.  You can easily go back to being in bad shape so …” Anna stated forcefully
“I understand.  Keep drinking.”
Anna nodded “Call us if you need us, otherwise we will be back in a couple of hours.” Anna said directing the Matthews’ brothers out the door.  
“That was a long night.” Dalton said relieved that his wife was feeling better.  “We owe you so much Anna”
“Nonsense, I’m glad I was here to help.”
Dalton leaned to kiss her cheek.  “Thank you.”
“You are welcome.  Let’s go, we need to eat.”


Anna was dozing later that night as she and David watched TV on his bed. “You are missing the show” he whispered to her.
“Tired” she answered
“Then why are you still awake, go to sleep?”
“Don’t want to, will miss time with you.” She mumbled 
“Go to sleep. I’ll just hold you.” David encouraged and scant minutes later Anna was relaxed and pliable in his arms.  She was out like a light.  David shut off the light and fell asleep with Anna.  
Several hours later, David woke to find Anna thrashing about in the bed.  “Easy” he said gathering her close “You’re okay.  I’ve got you, no one can hurt you.”
Anna calmed down and went right on sleeping.  David worried over her for several minutes then went back to sleep himself.
David woke the next morning to an empty bed.  He was so disappointed.  Get used to it, she is leaving today.
“Good morning.” Anna said as she walked back in the room.  “Why do you have that look on your face?”
“Never mind.  How was your sleep?”
“Answer my question, why did you look so sad?”
“My bed was empty, I thought you were gone.”
“Gone where?”
“Home.” 
“Get up.” She announced suddenly “Come on, get up.” She said moving to a wide open space on the floor and assuming the boxing stance again.
“What are you doing?” he asked incredulously
“Teaching you to mess with me.”
“I didn’t do anything to you. Yet!”
“Come on.” She said motioning him closer 
“I’m not getting up so you can fight with me.”
“Okay, your choice” she said moving to the bed and sat down on him.  “Listen up, bud.  We are going to be separated for days, weeks.  I can’t help it yet and neither can you.  I’m going to miss you too.  I want to be near you, it just isn’t possible yet.”
“But..” David started to refute her
“How many days have we been a couple?”
“Ten or so.  Why?”
“Aren’t you surprised, stunned, awed by that?  I am.  How did I go from being a lonely single woman to sleeping with you in ten days?  My point is, sweetheart, I went to San Diego to have a vacation.  I found you, Thank God, and now here we are.  I am going to miss you, but I have to live up to my obligations.  You wouldn’t like me very much if I didn’t.  We will have time together as we plan our lives and how to make them mesh.  Until then, don’t be sad I’m gone…anticipate when we can be together again.  I want that as much as you do, I love you.”
“I love you…Can I mess with you now?”
“No” she answered scrambling off of him.  “I’m starving and then I want to check on Sarah.  Then you are going to drive me home, then you can mess with me.”
“You are a flirt and a goof.”
Anna smiled at him and opened the bedroom door.  “See you at breakfast.”


Anna and David walked into Sarah’s bedroom about mid-morning of Anna’s last day of vacation.  
“Hi” Anna announced as they entered
“Hi yourself.”
“How do you feel?”
“Can I get up today?”
“Yes, but easy does it on the physical exertion.  Still drink plenty and call me or your doctor if you need medical attention.”
Sarah was out of bed before Anna finished talking.  “Thank you.  I have to get out of here.”
Dalton, David and Anna all laughed at her.  “You three lie in a bed for several days, then tell me how badly you want to escape.”
“Get dressed and go see Gabby, she is anxious to feed you.  Slowly and cautiously would be my advice.”  Anna repeated her instructions from the last few days
“Thank you for everything” Sarah said coming to hug Anna
“Anytime.  David is driving me home now, but I’ll be in touch about my schedule and what I find out from other doctors.”  
“Bye Anna” Dalton said hugging her also “We will miss you around here.”
“I’ll be around again.  We just have to be patient.”
“Yeah, that is a trait all of us have in spades.” Dalton said sarcastically.
“Yeah, I noticed that.” Anna retorted “See you soon and you take it easy.” She said pointing at Sarah as they left the room and headed for David’s car.
“To the airport to get your car?”
“Well, I didn’t exactly tell the truth about that.”
“Why not?” he asked 
“I didn’t want to assume you wanted me to ride home with you.” 
“Anna James, I’m going to turn you over my knee..”
“It was new to me; you can punish me for that.”
“Want to bet on that?”
“Not likely, I haven’t paid up on the last bet yet.”
“You will.” He said authoritatively
“There’s my David, king of all he surveys.” She said leaning to kiss his cheek.
“Tell me how to get to your house babe.”
Anna told him and then sat back to watch him drive.  
“What you doing?” he asked after several minutes of her watching him
“Watching the man I love drive me home.”
“No, I’m driving you to your house.  We just left your home.”
Anna leaned over and kissed him again in response.  She touched his heart and whispered, “This is my home, right here.” 
“You are going to cause an accident.”
Anna moved back to her seat and continued watching him.  “Talk to me about something, anything.”
“How about what I am going to do to you when we get to your house?”
“That might cause an accident.” 
“True.  I might be a bit distracted.”
“Tell me about a typical day for you.”
David description of a typical day for him lasted until they reached her house.  She was fascinated by his career and how it all worked.  David carried her bags inside as Anna went through and checked for anything out of the ordinary.
“Is something wrong?” he asked
“I was just checking on things.  After two weeks plus, you never know.  But everything looks good.  Want a tour?”
“Sure.  This is a pretty big house.”
“I want the foster kids to have a nice place when they stay here.”
Anna showed him around.  The backyard was beautifully landscaped with lots of rosebushes.  “I love roses.” She stated a little embarrassed “I went a little overboard when I requested this many bushes.”
“It is beautiful back here.”
“And this is my favorite part” she said leading him to the hot tub at the corner of the house.
“Nice” he said thinking of ways to use that hot tub “We will be using that often when I come here.”
“I thought that might be your response.” She said leading him back into the house.  They walked around the rest of it and then David swept her up in his arms and carried her back to the bedroom she had shown him.
“You are simply stunning.” He said holding her close as the embraced on her bed where they’d spent several passionate minutes.  “Your body is fabulous.  The scars represent traumatic events in your life that I would never lessen in magnitude.  But, they are part of you and I love you.  I love every inch of your body.  I did pay special attention to them today to ease your fears but in the future I will kiss and lick you all over like I did your scars today.  Do you get what I am telling you?”
“Yes, my scars don’t make a difference to you.”
“Hallelujah, she finally got it.” He said teasing her
“I needed to feel it and see you as you looked at them.  Words are one thing but actions and the look in your eye was something else.  I’m sorry I needed the actions.”
“I knew you were waiting for that my love.  It is okay.”
“But in public, I’m still going to be …”
“I know.  Now that I know what is underneath those clothes, maybe I will rethink my position on showing your skin.  I like knowing no one else has seen your glorious body and imagined it as theirs.”
“Oh David, I only want you to see me.  And I only want me to be who you see.”
“Excuse me?”
“I want to be the only one you see.”
“As in no looking at other women?”
“Yes.”
“Anna, there is no need to worry about that.  I see men and horses all day.  I have never brought a female home to meet my family.  You are it for me.”
“There are other ways to see women.” She said sadly
“Not any way for me.  I want you.  Please believe that.”
Anna nodded
“Why did you mention that?”
“I’m scared you will find..”
“Don’t finish that sentence unless you can pay the consequences.”
“What consequences?” she said laughing
“Can you pay the price?” he said teasing her
“I’ll take you on.” She said  “Show…”
David flipped them over and she was underneath him in a heartbeat.  He lowered his head and kissed her until she moaned.  “That was consequences?” she said wickedly as he lifted his head.  He laughed and hugged her close.  
After a few minutes he got up from the bed and helped her to stand.  “Put some clothes on woman.” He said picking up his shoes and shirt and leaving the bedroom.
Anna found David a few minutes later.  He was in the kitchen getting a drink.  “I made myself at home.” He said raising the glass at her.
“Please do.” She answered taking the glass from him and drinking it down.  He leaned down and kissed her as she handed the glass back to him.  
“Now, let’s work on schedules.  When can we go on a real date?” he asked
“We have been on a real date.  San Diego, restaurant, etc etc.”
“Anna” he growled at her “Schedule”
“Gosh, you’re grumpy.” She said
“Anna” he growled again
“You need a kiss don’t you?” she said teasing him 
David burst out laughing “You are a goof.”
“Yes, but you love me anyway.”
“I do love you. Very Much!” he emphasized
They sat down to look over schedules and her cell phone rang.  “It’s my foster parents” she said looking at the display
“Hi” she said joyfully as she answered
“Hi sweetie.  How are you?” her mom asked
“I’m great.  How are you?” 
“We got your presents.  How was your trip?”
“The best I could have ever taken.” She said smiling at David
“Why is that?  You sound different.”
“Do you remember David Matthews?  I pointed him out to you at Jimmy’s funeral.”
“Yes, he was the rancher who let you go to his ranch with Jimmy.”
“That’s him.  We unexpectedly met up in San Diego and got much better acquainted.  We are going to date and see where it takes us.”
There was silence on the other end of the phone.  “Candace?” Anna asked
“I’m here.  I’m so happy I’m speechless.  I thought you weren’t ever going to, you know?”
“David is very persuasive and he has convinced me that his is worth taking a big chance on.”
“When can we meet him?”
“He is here right now, do you want to talk to him?”
“Sure.”
Anna handed the phone to David “Hello.  This is David Matthews.”
“Hi David.  I’m Anna’s foster mother, Candace.”
“It is nice to meet you so to speak.” He said chuckling.
“I’m amazed to be talking to you.  She told me this would never happen.”
“Well, I picked her up in San Diego and decided to keep her.”
“Take good care of her, she is very special to us.”
“She will get the best I have to give her.  She is very special to me too.”
Candace was crying on the other end “Here is Anna again.  Don’t worry about her, she is in good hands.”
“Candace?” Anna said as he handed the phone back to her and walked around her living room.  
“He sounds wonderful.  When can you come here and let us meet him?”
Anna followed David’s wanderings with her eyes as she talked on the phone.  He came to the picture of him and Jimmy and picked it up reverently.  
“I’ll let you know on that.  Since I just had vacation, it might be a while.”
“Okay, I love you.  Peter wants to talk to you.”
“I love you too Candace.” Anna answered then waited as Peter came on “Anna?”
“Hi Peter.  How are you?”
“I’m good.  Why is Candace crying here?  Who is David?”
“I’ll let her tell you.  How are things?”
“Good, they seem to be behaving themselves.  Well as much as they can with using drugs and alcohol to cope with life.”
“Okay, thank you.  I have to go. I’ll call you later in the week.  I love you Peter.”
“I love you too kid.”
Anna hung up the phone and turned to David who was still holding the picture.  “Does that picture bother you?” she asked uncertainly
“No.  I was surprised to see it.  He was a great kid.”
“Yes he was.  I miss him, but he is happy and healthy now.  I wouldn’t wish him back with me for anything.”
David nodded and put the picture back.  “Why this picture?”
“I don’t know.  It jumped out at me and said put me on display.  I don’t know.”
“Thank you for that.”
“David, you were very good with him.  Do not think any different.  Or I will show you some consequences…” she threatened
“Big talk for a little girl” he said swinging her around in his arms.
“But I pack a mean wallop.” She said laughing with him.
“Yeah yeah” he said dismissively then ruined it by laughing with her.
“Schedules?” David said pointing at the table 
Anna and David compared free time and set up some time to be together.  She was right, her schedule for the next two weeks was packed.  She would come to Stage West the weekend that Sarah needed her.
“I’ll let her know.” David told her
“Thank you.  Now, I need to ask you something.”
“Okay, what?” he asked unsure
“I’m going to set up some appointments with the doctor and see if she can make a determination on how likely or unlikely it is that I can get pregnant and carry it to term.  Do you want to go with me?  I would like you to if you want to.”
“I would like to go.  But, I want to marry you whatever she finds.  Kids, no kids, foster kids, adopted kids, I want you first and foremost.  Never confuse the issue.  We decide on kids based on our wants, not your physical condition.  Agreed?”
“Agreed.”
“So tell me more about your foster parents, she seemed nice.” He said leading her to the chair and sitting down with her on his lap.
“They are Peter and Candace Brown.  They are terrific.  They were not able to have children of their own.  They had several foster children over the years but those kids didn’t keep in contact with them much.  I do though.  Often.”
“When do I get to meet them?”
“She asked me that same thing.”
“And?” 
“We could go up there to see them.”
“Pick a weekend and we will fly up there.”
“Seriously?”
“Absolutely.  Where is there by the way?”
“Kansas.”
“Where in Kansas?”
“Why?”
“So, I can tell the pilot where we are going.”
“Pilot?”
“Of the plane, my plane.”
“Oh, I really am a goof.  I forgot all about that.” She said hiding her head in his neck embarrassed
“You were just on it a few days ago.  How could you forget?”
“I had other things on my mind that day.  I wasn’t thinking about the plane, I was planning to do bodily injury to you.”
“That isn’t very nice.  To threaten your future husband.” He said laughing
“Well, at the time, your future was going to be pretty short.  You ticked me off and I was going to make you pay.”
“So in other words, don’t tick you off again or our married life will be short.”
Anna nodded.
“Well, I guess our married life could be short because I’m sure I’ll tick you off again about something.”
“I’m sure you will.”
“But right now…” he said “I’m going to kiss you.  Will that tick you off?”
Anna shook her head and placed her lips on his.  He teased her lips open and dueled with her tongue.  David caressed her bare leg below her shorts as he continued to kiss her.  They were both breathing hard as they ended the kiss.  
“I have to go home, sweetheart” David said several minutes later.  
“I know.  I’m going to miss you.”
“Call me whenever you want.”
“And you call me, I’ll answer if I am not with patients.”
David nodded and moved to kiss her again. He helped her to her feet and moved towards the door.  “I love you Anna James.”
“I love you David Matthews” 
David gave her a fierce hug and a hard kiss and turned to leave before he spent the night.  He turned as he walked to his car and blew her a kiss.
Anna waved and watched him drive off.  
Your house seems empty without him and he was only here a few hours. 
Anna took a shower and got ready for bed.  She checked her email and messages and got ready for patients the next day.  She was climbing into bed when her cell phone rang.
“Are you home safe?” she asked in greeting
“Yes, but I miss you.”
“I miss you too.  Dream sweet dreams about me.”
“You too.”
“I love you.  Did you see Sarah, how is she?”
“I didn’t see her, Lindsay said she was fine.”
“Good.  Good night my love.”
“I love you Anna.” He said hanging up.


Chapter 11

On Friday morning, two weeks later David was reviewing spreadsheets in his office.  He was looking down at the papers on his desk when someone spoke to him from the door.
“Hey cowboy!  Can you tell me where to find the handsome David Matthews?”
David smiled down at the desk.  “It’s a secret, you have to come real close so I can whisper it to you.”
“A secret?  I love secrets.” She said moving to the front of the desk
“You have to move closer than that, someone might hear me.”
“Okay” she said moving around the desk to stand beside him
“Closer” he said still not looking at her
She moved infinitely closer.  “I can’t get much closer.”
David reached for her and pulled her onto his lap and kissed her.  “I missed you so much.” 
“I am so glad to see you.  I missed you too.” She said kissing him again.  
“I didn’t expect you this early.” He said smiling at her
“My schedule for today changed and I decided to surprise you.”
“Thank goodness.  Two weeks between visits is too long.”
“I know, but it should get easier from now on.  We can work on our schedules to make them agree.  That reminds me, we have an appointment on with the doctor this week are you still going to go with me?”
“Absolutely.  I’ll be there, I want to hear what she found out from the tests.”
“Hi Anna” Nick called from the doorway.  
“Hi Nick.  How are you?”
“I’m great.  David, sorry to interrupt but the truck just got here.”
“I’ll be right there.” 
“Bye Anna”
“Come with me.” he said urging her to stand  “We are getting some new arrivals.”
“I get to watch you work.” She said excitedly
“Yes, but do what I say when I say it.  Just in case.”
“Got it.”
David and Anna walked to the south barn and found Nick next to a huge truck.  David directed Anna to stand over away from them and Nick went in to start unloading the horses.  As they came down from the truck, Nick led the horse over to the corral.  David followed with the horse that he had brought down.  They repeated this process until there were ten horses in the corral.
Nick came to stand by Anna as she gazed at the horses.  David was saying goodbye to the driver of the truck.
“They are beautiful.  What’s the plan for them?”
“Breeding mostly.” Nick answered “We will see after we run some statistics on them.”
David headed to the gate of the corral and Nick followed him.  Both were carrying ropes.  They lassoed a horse each and brought them out of the gate and into the south barn.  They repeated this process also until all the horses were in stalls in the barn.  
“Now you can come look at them babe” David said calling to Anna from the door.  Anna hurried to catch up to David.  He led her up and down the stalls and she watched as he went in and inspected each one.  Nick was taking notes of what they saw.  They worked well together.  
“Hi Anna” Lindsay said as she approached.  “I didn’t know you were here.”
“I just got here a little while ago.  I came early to surprise David.”
Lindsay laughed “Good plan.  It is going to be crazy here this weekend, are you ready for that?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Well, the plane with the Dowd’s and the Jones’ is only about thirty minutes out so be prepared for noise and chaos of two excited children.”  Lindsay leaned closer to Anna “They love Nick, Katie is his girlfriend.”
“I heard.” 
“And tomorrow the house will be full of people, Dalton’s staff will come along with Greg, CeCe and Colby.  They are all working on the project with us.”
“Good grief, that’s twenty people.”
“Yes, about that.”
“Do we need to go help Gabby?” Anna asked
“No, for once she agreed to hire caterers.  They will be here shortly and will keep us supplied with food for the weekend.” David volunteered as he walked up to them.  He wrapped his arms around Anna from behind.  
“Hey big brother.”
“Hey kid”
“Stop calling her that.” Nick said joining the group and leaning to kiss Lindsay “Hi sweetheart”
“Hi” Lindsay answered
“Has the plane landed yet?”
“Any time now.  Are you ready to go down and get them?”
“Yep, we will see you in a few minutes” he said to Anna and David as they went to get the cars.  
Anna turned in David’s arms.  “I love you.”
“I love you” he said kissing her 
“You are breaking one of the rules of the barn, David” Dalton said smugly as he and Sarah came upon them.
“Go away.” David muttered 
“And miss the floor show?” asked Sarah
David lifted his head and glared at Dalton and Sarah.  “And what rule did I break?”
“Be aware of your surrounding at all times.  We could have had a stampede in here and you guys wouldn’t have known it.  Hi Anna.”
“Hi” Anna answered as Sarah and Dalton gave her a hug.  “You are feeling okay now?” Anna asked Sarah
“Yes, good as new.  I am so glad you were here.”
“Me too.  You were pretty sick.”
“It won’t happen again.” Dalton declared “I listened to her last time and waited, it won’t happen again.”
“That is the best plan.” Anna agreed
The four moved out of the south barn and headed to house.  Gabby greeted Anna with a big hug.  “It’s about time you came back.  David isn’t the same when you aren’t here.”
“Oh really?” Anna asked 
“Don’t tell her that.” David protested
“I think I want to hear this.” Anna said 
“No, you don’t.  We have someplace else to go.”
“No you don’t.  Our guests will be arriving in minutes, Nick just called me.”
David pulled Anna back into his arms and away from Gabby.  Anna laughed and hugged him.  “Later Gabby, I’ll find you for the details.”
“You got it sweetie.” Gabby agreed
The door opened two kids came screaming into the kitchen “Gabby!” they called
“My babies” she answered as they threw themselves at her.  Then they rushed to greet Dalton, Sarah and David.  “Can we go ride now David?”
“In a minute buddy, where are your parents?”
“Right here” Nick answered walking in the door.  “These two threw open the truck doors and barreled in to see Mama and the rest of you.”
The parents and kids were introduced to Anna as Nick and Dalton took the luggage to the guest suite.  “Okay, we have time to go for a short ride.” David stated as the kids danced around him.  “Who else wants to go?” he asked Anna and anyone else in the room.
Anna declined as did the mothers and Sarah.  “It is nice to meet you.” Anna said as they settled in the living room “David told me your story.”
“Well, he hasn’t told us yours.” Scott’s mom Deena stated
“Look out Anna, Deena loves a good love story.”
“Ours is a good love story?”
“Tell me and I’ll decide.” Deena answered
Anna told how she had met the Matthews last fall with her foster son Jimmy.  Then she told them how David and her had met in San Diego unexpectedly.  And then how they ended up dating.  She skipped the story of her childhood though.
“That is a good love story.  We really like David.  He lets us invade his home quite frequently.”
“David loves people being at Stage West” Sarah replied.  “The more people that are here the happier he is.”
“I remember now.  Sarah told us about you.  I’m sorry for your loss.” Deena said soberly
“Thank you.  How are your kids doing?”
“Their six month check-up is coming soon, we’ll see.  We didn’t make it that far last time” Katie’s mom, Samantha answered “about five months is when the cancer was discovered again.”
“Scott’s was about that time too.  We are getting a bit nervous, but Scott seems so much healthier this time.”
“Katie too.  I hope that means good things.”
“We hope that too.” Sarah commented “They are great kids.  You should watch Nick and Lindsay with them Anna.  They have a great time.”
“They love them.  When they call on their webcams, Scott goes crazy waiting for the time.  I’ve had to stop telling him until just before they call.  He asks me every two minutes if it is time yet.”
“Katie talks about Nick a lot.  “Her Nick” is going to call her.  She is going to see “Her Nick”.  I don’t tell her either when the calls are until just prior.”
“From what Lindsay says, Nick isn’t much better.” Sarah stated “He asks her a dozen times that day if he can call earlier and David just torments him with what time it is.”
“You’re kidding?” Anna asked
“No, I’m not.  I’ve seen him do it.  You are involved with the biggest kid of them all, sweets.”
“And how involved would that be?” Deena asked suspicious that she hadn’t gotten the whole story
“Quite involved” Anna evaded.  “They are getting married.” Sarah announced
“It isn’t definite yet.” Anna protested
“You lost the bet.  You told me yourself.”
“What bet?  You bet on getting married?” Deena asked laughing at Anna
“No, we bet on whether or not he will ask me?”
“Which he already did?” Deena asked
“No, I negated the bet temporarily and asked him for the future.”
“What?” Samantha asked
“I asked him basically under a big condition.”
“And what did he win?” Deena asked
“He gets to pick out my wedding dress.”
“You’re joking?” Deena asked again
“No, she is not.” Sarah answered as Anna blushed “David is already shopping for it.”
“He is not.” Anna retorted
“Honey, you haven’t been around in a couple of weeks.  He has asked me question after question on wedding preparations and wedding dresses.”
“Tell me you are kidding me.” Anna pleaded
“Sorry sweets.  I’m not.  If you want to see the plans he has already made, I’ll go get the book he has me putting together.”
“I’ll kill him.” Anna said pacing the floor
Unfortunately for David, he picked that moment to walk back in the door with everyone else who had gone for a ride.  Anna glared at him.  “What?” he asked looking at her face
“You are planning our wedding?” Anna asked
“Not planning, gathering ideas.  I’m only in the beginning stages.”
“You’re serious.”
“Sure, why not?”
Anna lost her anger and burst out laughing.  She sat back down in the chair and shook her head in exasperation.  Everyone else held their breath as they waited for the argument from Anna, but when she laughed, they all joined with her.
“You told on me Sarah” David said
“Yes I did.” Sarah answered smugly
David laughed and shook his head at just as Gabby came to announce that lunch was ready.
“You are unpredictable my handsome cowboy.” Anna said as her and David were the last to leave the room
“You aren’t mad at me?”
“I was for about a minute but when you admitted it just like a king of his castle would, I couldn’t stay mad at you.  We will be talking about this later though.”
“Good, I can show you what I have picked out for your dress.”
“David, we are not engaged.  Do not buy a wedding dress.”
“I’m not, just looking at different styles.” He said leading her to the table.  “We can’t buy a dress online anyway, you have to try it on.”
“Pain in the backside.” She muttered to herself
“But you are going to marry me anyway.” He whispered in her ear.
Anna smiled at him.  


“Will you go for a walk with me?” David whispered to Anna after dinner that night.  Anna nodded and they excused themselves from their company and went outside 
“Talking to you everyday just isn’t the same as looking at you.” David stated as they walked the grounds.
“David, please don’t make me feel guilty.  I couldn’t do anything about my schedule.  You were a surprise …”
David interrupted “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I didn’t say it to make you feel guilty.  I just missed you.  I’m sorry if I implied something else.”
“I’m sorry I jumped to conclusions.  But for the record, I want to be where you are too…but I also love my job.”
“I’m glad you do, it makes your life more fulfilling.  I love my job also.”
David and Anna were quiet as they walked along enjoying each other’s presence.  “I see why the hotel room in San Diego was closing in on you and why you prefer the wide open spaces of your ranch.  It is beautiful and peaceful.”
“I love it here.  I hope you grow to love it as much as I do.  And I hope the commute doesn’t get too much for you.”
Anna stopped walking which pulled him to a halt.  “Are you listening very closely to what I am about to say?” she said fiercely
“Yes” he answered
“I love you.  I want to live where you live.  It isn’t a long commute, I can always change my office hours longer or shorter depending on our needs and wants.  I really like your ranch and after I live here for a while, I’m sure I will love it as much as the rest of you do.”
“Why are you mad?”
“I’m frustrated.  David, I chose to be with you.  I chose to love you.  I knew that we would always live at Stage West, if I didn’t want to I would have not made the choices I made.”
“I just made a comment.”
“No you didn’t.  You were doubting me, doubting whether or not I could handle it here.  I don’t know anything about running this place or the breeding program.  Will I learn over time?  Maybe.  But even if I don’t, it isn’t my job, it is yours.” Anna frowned at him and continued “And you better continue to do it as excellent as you have done it in the past, because I plan to become accustomed to jet setting all over the country in my own plane.” She joked trying to lighten the mood.  
“You switch moods in a heartbeat.” he smirked
“I don’t want a fight.  I don’t want an argument.  I want you.”
“I don’t want to argue either.  I want you to be happy here and happy with me.”
“I am.  Ask my co-workers.  These last two weeks when I thought about you, I had a huge smile on my face.  They just started saying “David” and nodding whenever they saw it.  When I am talking to you on the phone, they draw big smiley faces on paper and plaster them to my office wall.  You have changed my life.”
“And you have changed mine.  My family can’t believe it.”
“I’m glad you convinced me that my past and my physical condition wouldn’t be an issue with you.  I don’t think about it much anymore and I just like me better.”
David picked her up and swung her around.  “Oh sweetheart, that is the best thing you could have told me.  I am so glad.”
Anna laughed through her tears.  “I love you David.”
“Okay, that is the best thing you could have told me.  But that other is a real close second.”
They walked back to the house talking about his week and her week.  David led her to his room “You are going to stay in here with me right?”
“Yes, I like to sleep next to you.”
David smiled and showed her the facilities and left her to get ready for bed.  She was wearing a big robe when she left the bathroom after her shower.
“Get comfortable and I’ll be right back.” He said kissing her quickly.  David rushed through his shower and dressed in his pajama pants in record time.  When he entered the room, Anna was propped up in bed.
“Holy cow!” He exclaimed
“What?”
He rushed forward and threw the covers to the floor.  “I like it.”
“I hoped so.  I had a little bit of time to go shopping.  I thought you might like this gown compared to boring old granny pajamas.”
“There is only one problem.” He said seriously
“What’s wrong?”
“You are never going to have it on long enough to get your money’s worth out of it.”
“You goof.  The point of lingerie is not to get your money’s worth, the point is…”
“Oh believe me, I know the point and this gown makes it very well.”
“David?”
“Yes love?” he said gazing hungrily at her
“Get to the point”
“Yes ma’am” he said reaching to turn the light off and climbing on the bed.  “Come here gorgeous; I need to show my appreciation for your thoughtfulness.”
Anna laughed and moved closer to him.  “David, I never thought I would ever buy lingerie for a man’s pleasure.  I never thought I would be sleeping with or letting a man see me.  Sometimes, I can’t believe my life the last month, where did the old Anna go?”
David held her gently.  “She is right here, she couldn’t see what I saw because she was wrapped up in the packaging and the past.  She was fearful but now she is brave.  She opened herself up and I snuck in to show her what she was missing.  I am so blessed.”
Anna had tears rolling down her cheeks as he finished.  “I’m sorry” she said wiping away the tears “I know we were on track for something else, I didn’t mean to spoil the mood.”
“Sweetheart, no apologies.” He said pulling her closer and wrapping them in the blankets.  “Thank you for my present.”
“You are welcome.”
“Now, I have more things to shop for online.”
“Wait a minute, what does that mean?”
“I can shop for the lingerie for our honeymoon.”
“I can shop for my own lingerie if I need it.”
“It is against the rules if you do it.  I have to do it.”
“What rules?”
“The David Matthews rule that says that the groom will purchase the lingerie his bride will wear on their honeymoon.” He stated authoritatively
“David Matthew rules?”
“Yes, I have several.”
“I’m sure you do.” She replied laughing “What are your other rules?”
“You may need to write these down.” He said 
“I’m a doctor, I have a good memory.”
“Okay, but there is a quiz later.  Are you ready?”
“Yes, go ahead” she said mocking him
“Rule number one, I always win.”
“Prepare yourself for that one to be broken.”
“Never gonna happen sweets.  Rule number two, and the rest are in no particular order…if I give you a present you say “thank you David” not ‘I can’t accept this’.”
Anna sat up beside him “I don’t like the sound of that, what have you done now?”
David left the bed and turned the light on as he moved to the dressing room he emerged a few seconds later holding a box.  Anna was suspicious as he sat the box down beside the bed on the nightstand.  David sat back down on the bed and patted the space between his legs for Anna to sit down.
“Why?” she asked
“Please.” He pleaded
Anna moved to sit between his legs.  
“Close your eyes”
Anna hesitated then closed her eyes.  She heard David reach for and open the box.  A moment later she felt something lie gently on her chest and he moved her hair aside to fasten the necklace.  He reached again for the box then told her to open her eyes.  
Anna gasped at the diamond heart shaped earrings in the box and felt for the necklace at the same time.  “David.  They are beautiful.” She said scrambling off the bed to look at a mirror.  She saw the heart shaped locket and turned it and found an inscription on the back. “Always”  
“What does “Always” mean?” she said coming back to the bed
“It means, that I will always love you.  You will always hold my heart and it means I always win.”
Anna was crying and laughing as she leaned forward to kiss him.  “They are beautiful.  Thank you.”
“No arguing?”
“No, I’m just following the rules.”
David laughed at her and pulled her closer for a long kiss.  “We need sleep, tomorrow is going to be a busy day.” David stated as they separated.
Anna settled down beside him on the bed as he turned out the light again.  He wrapped her in his arms and kissed her gently.  
“David?”
“Hmm”
“I loved watching you work today.”
“That wasn’t really much work, I just moved a few horses.”
“But something about your body language spoke to me and it was magnificent to watch.  Of course, I watch you because you are very good-looking, but there was something else as I watched you work.  Peace, maybe, I’ll have to watch you again and see if I can find a good definition for what I saw.”
“Anna, darling, you can watch me anytime you want for any reason you want.  I plan to do the same thing to you.”
“Watch me work?”
“No, just plain watch you.  Love you, kiss you, hug you, caress you…”
“I think I get it.”
“But I wasn’t finished…tantalize you”
Anna kissed his chest and stopped his words.  The pictures he was creating in her mind were too much.  “Shh.  I’m too tired to finish this tonight.”
“I love you.  Sweet dreams.”
“My David” she murmured


David felt something very soft and gentle caress his back the next morning.  Anna’s hand ran up and down his back and his side.  As she moved closer to kiss his back, her hand moved around to his chest and caressed him there too.  “Are you starting something we don’t have time to finish?” David said capturing her hand in his.
“No, I am starting something we have plenty of time to finish.  I woke up early.”
David glanced at the clock and saw that she was correct.  He kissed her hand and muttered he would be right back.  When David stepped out of the bathroom a few moments later, Anna was propped up on one arm waiting and watching for him.  David paused at the doorway “I could get used to that picture.”
“What picture?”
“You waiting for me in my bed.” He said moving again to join her on the bed
Anna sat up in the bed and motioned for him to sit between her legs and lie on her.  As soon as he settled Anna began to caress his shoulders and kiss his neck.  David moved his head aside to give her plenty of access.  This was pretty much the first time she had made the first move to be physical with him.  He was going to see where she went with it.  
Anna moved her hands gently down his arms to his strong muscles.  She caressed them and mumbled about their strength.  
“What?” he asked
“Shh. I’m busy.” She said continuing to slide her hands along his arms to his hands.  Anna brought one hand to her mouth and kissed it then placed it on her leg.  David voluntarily moved the other hand to the other leg.  “Touch me.” she whispered 
Anna moved her hands back up to his shoulder then slid them down his chest.  David was caressing her legs as she kissed his neck and shoulders and learned the contours of his muscular chest.  
David moved her legs until they wrapped around him.  He moaned “these long luscious legs will help me stay close to you when we are joined as one.”
“I want to see you.  All of you.” She said quietly between kisses.
“And if I scare you?” he asked
“Scare me how?”
“My body might be intimidating to you.”
“David, I wasn’t sexually abused.  And I have seen naked men in my profession.”
“But their state of excitement was probably different than mine is now.  It might be scary for you.
“Hadn’t we better find that out now instead later?”
“Anna, will you trust me that we need to wait on you seeing me like this?  I have a compromise.”
“What’s that?”
“Previously when you were in the room and I needed to dress or undress, I would go into the dressing room or bathroom.  From now on, we will get dressed or undressed with the other person watching, that will get you familiar with me.”
“I’ll agree to that.  I don’t want to be so nervous on our wedding night.  I want to please you, be comfortable with you.”
“Sweetheart, please don’t worry about that.  We will both have some qualms about that, but we will work through them together.”
“Why will you be nervous?”
“Well” he swallowed hard “I don’t want to scare you with my passion for you.  I want to be gentle with you but making love isn’t always so gentle.  It can be hard and fast or soft and slow.”
Anna laid her head on his shoulder to hide the tears, but David felt the wetness slide down his back.  “Hey, what’s wrong?” he asked moving and turning around to hold her.  Anna shook her head and continued to look down at the bed instead of David.
“Please talk to me.” he pleaded gathering her as close as possible.  “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have…”
“No apologies.” She said raising her head and wiping her tears away “I just being a silly female.  I was moved by what you said.  Nothing was wrong.  I’m sorry.”
“Oh Anna” he said hugging her “You don’t need to apologize either.”  He paused and decided to lighten the mood of the room “You are going to be one of those girls who cries when she is happy and sad and mad, aren’t you?” he teased
“I’m afraid so mister.” She teased back “Can you handle it?  Are you ready to change your mind now?”
“And lose the bet?  No way!  I have already picked out several beautiful wedding gowns for you to choose from.” 
“I get a choice?”
“Sort of”
“What does that mean?”
“If it doesn’t have a comfortable fit, then I wouldn’t make you wear it.  But as for the style or the design, no, you don’t get much of a choice.”
Anna pulled David’s head down to hers for a kiss.  “David Matthews, the king.” She laughed
David rolled them over until she lay beneath him.  “The king says it is time to finish what you started.” 
“I have one thing to say first.”
“What’s that?”
“I love you.”
David smiled and dipped his head to kiss her deeply.  Just as their mouths joined, David’s alarm clock sounded.  “I guess we will finish later.” He said as he turned it off.  
“Oh yes we will” she whispered suggestively in his ear.  Next thing she knew she found herself lying on the bed with a smiling David staring down at her.  
“You are trying to torture me aren’t you?”
“Never.  I want you and me to be pure pleasure.” She answered 
“Don’t do this to me.” he groaned “I want you badly.”
“I wouldn’t stop you if you wanted…”
“No, not before there is a wedding ring on your finger.” He said fiercely “And I’m not exactly prepared for you either.”
“And we don’t know about …”
“Exactly.  We will wait until the right time.”
Anna nodded and David moved off of her and stood beside the bed.  He reached for her hands and pulled her to her feet.  He wrapped her in a big hug that lifted her feel clear of the floor.  “We have to get dressed sweetheart, even though this is much more pleasurable.” David stated putting her down.
A few minutes later Anna was breathing hard as her eyes moved to his.  “Okay you were right.” She said 
“I’m always right.  But what was I right about this time?”
“Looking at the man you love isn’t quite the same as looking at a patient.”
David winked at her and went back to getting dressed.  He finished before her and walked up just as she pulling her shirt on.  She reached to do up the buttons but he beat her to it.  “I’m good with buttons.” He said slowly buttoning the first button.  
Anna was breathless by the time he finished buttoning her shirt.  His hands had strayed to caress her breasts between each button.  David leaned down and gave her a long kiss.  “You are not good with buttons sweetheart, it needs to be my job from now on.” He said suggestively
“I’m not sure we would ever get out of the room in time.” She replied moving to apply her makeup and fix her hair in the bathroom.  
“I don’t have a problem with that, do you?”
Anna smiled sweetly and shook her head no.  David watched her as she finished.  She reached for the earrings he had given her last night.  “These are really beautiful.  But you didn’t have to give me anything.”
“They screamed your name when I saw them.  I had to give them to you.  And I didn’t know how else to show you that you will always have my heart.”
“And how do I show you that you always have my heart?”
“You will have to think of something.”
“I will.” She said reaching for her shoes.  “I will” 
David and Anna left his room and moved to the dining room.  Anna hadn’t seen this room before but could see his mother’s touch in its design.  “Your mother designed this room didn’t she?”
“Yes, how did you know that?” he asked surprised
“I’m not sure I can explain it but it says elegance, beauty and love all at the same time.” She answered
“That was our mother, all right.” Dalton stated from behind them as David nodded his agreement.  “Have David show you their wedding picture sometime.  You just described it perfectly.” Lindsay said as she too had overheard Anna’s comment.
“You all were very lucky then.” Anna stated smiling at them.  “And she was blessed to have all of you.” She said squeezing David’s hand.  David kissed her cheek and led the way to the breakfast buffet.  “I’m going to check on Gabby, I’ll be right back.” 
David found Gabby supervising caterers in the kitchen.  “Good morning Gabby” 
“Hi David” 
“Everything okay in here?”
“Sure, why wouldn’t it be?”
“No reason.  I’m just checking on you.  Do you need anything?”
“Thanks for checking on me David, but we are good.”
“Then come eat breakfast with us and relax before the board meeting starts.”
“But I still have things to do in here.”
But David wouldn’t take no for an answer so Gabby went with him and enjoyed breakfast with her family.  Scott and Katie kept things interesting as they vied for Nick’s attention.  He kept them occupied so their parents could enjoy the breakfast.  
“Anna, when are we going to see more of you around here?” Gabby asked
“Well, we haven’t talked much about that.  My schedule is easing up somewhat, so maybe more often on the weekends when I am not on call.” She answered looking at David who nodded at her.
“That is great.  You and I need to talk about some things too.”
“Like what?” asked a confused Anna
“Well, when you and David marry, you will be the mistress of the household and may want things done differently around here.”
“Gabby, what are you talking about?” Anna asked astounded “I’m not that kind of a wife.  Things are just fine around here, if there are changes to be made, it won’t be my place to say so.”
“Yes, it will.” Gabby stated
“David, tell her she is wrong.”
“Gabby, we make decisions around here as a family.  Suggestions for change are talked about as a family.” 
“Anna and I will talk about it later.” Gabby stated authoritatively.
“No we won’t.” answered Anna 
“Gabby, we will have a family discussion another time if changes need to be made.” David stated “Nick, how is Anna’s horse doing?” David asked changing the subject even though he knew how her horse was doing.
Nick, who was grateful for the change in subject, answered “Well, Anna, it shouldn’t be much longer before he is ready for you.  He is better at grooming but that doesn’t mean you can’t ride him.  I still would like him to be a little less nervous before I put you on him.  I’d hate for him to be spooked with you riding him.  I’d like it if you could work with me sometimes.”
“I can do that on the weekends when I am here.” She responded 
“That would work.  When I see how he responds to you, I’ll make my final decision.”
“Thank you Nick.”
Conversations flowed for the rest of breakfast, Anna was pretty quiet because she was stunned by Gabby’s statement.  What do I know of running a home like this?
“Don’t worry about it babe.  I’ll talk to Gabby.” David whispered to her
“Can I be there?” asked Anna
“Sure.”
Anna leaned closer to David to whisper “Was she really serious?”
David whispered back “I think so.  I wasn’t expecting that either.  I never suspected she was thinking that way.  We will have a family meeting tomorrow to discuss it.”
Breakfast ended a short while later and the caterers removed the buffet and replaced it with refreshments for the board meeting.  Sarah had everyone pitch in to help set things up.  CeCe, Greg, Colby and the Matthews International foundation staff arrived and the board meeting began.
“Sarah is a slave driver.” Anna groaned to David much later that day.  “How does she think of all those questions?” 
“She will tell you that she is a thinker and a planner.  She thought up most of the ideas for her foundation, did you know that?”
“Yes, she is an organization wizard.  She could run ten boards and still have free time.”
“She probably could.  Wait until you see her at the gala, I didn’t go last year, but I hear it was something spectacular.”
“I am looking forward to that.  Seeing you in a tuxedo will make my month.” Anna said suggestively
“Are you starting something we didn’t finish this morning?” David asked
“After a walk to get out the kinks in my body from sitting all day, you better believe I am ready to finish something.” 
“Let’s walk then.” He said taking her hand “Let’s go see your horse.”
“Good idea” 
David and Anna walked down to the south barn and found her horse.  “Hi Gabriel” Anna stated as she stood at the stall door.  “Come here fella” she cooed at him.  Gabriel came closer and Anna reached out to pat his neck in appreciation.  “Good job Gabriel.”
“Nick has done a good job with him.” said David as he too patted his neck.  
“He seems much more calm.  Sam Howe should be treated the same way he treats his horses.”
“Oh dear.” Lindsay said as she approached with Nick “She’s a true horsewoman now.”
“Why do you say that?” asked Anna
“You sound just like Nick.  He thinks Sam Howe should be run out of the country after he is groomed with a shedding blade.”
“And she won’t let me.” Nick huffed 
“Nick, dearest, we have been married less than three months.  I really like having you around.” She smiled sweetly  
Anna laughed “Lindsay’s right Nick, grooming a human with a shedding blade might get you arrested.” 
“He should be arrested for mistreating that horse.”
“And on that note, we are leaving.  Come on sweetheart.” Lindsay said pulling her husband away.  “You can tell me all about it later.”
David and Anna were still laughing at Nick as they too left the barn and headed for the house.  
“Nick is fanatical about horses and how they should be treated.”
“He believes that human beings and animals should be treated with respect.  He gave me some advice on what I should do to your parents if ever I met them.  It wasn’t quite harsh enough in my opinion, but it was pretty close.”
“Which is why you won’t ever meet them.”
“Speaking of meeting people, are we going to Kansas next weekend?”
“Yes, Candace and Peter are expecting us on Friday.”
“I’m looking forward to meeting them.”
“I’m excited to see them again.  It has been several months.  I think you will really like them.”
David and Anna arrived back in his room as they discussed more arrangements for their trip the next weekend.  David captured Anna in a hungry kiss as soon as the door was closed.  “I have wanted to do that all day.” He said as they finished kissing.
“Then let’s finish what we started earlier.” suggested Anna “First though, I need a shower.”
“Then let me help you with your buttons again.” He said reaching for her.  
“David, it will be faster if I do it myself.” 
“No.  Sorry.  My job.” He said moving slowly to unbutton her shirt and kiss her at the location of each button.  He pulled the shirt out of the waistband of her pants and tossed it over his shoulder and reached behind her for the clasp of her bra.  
“That’s not a button or a zipper.” gasped Anna at his touch.  David ignored her and pulled the bra away to reveal her wonderful breasts.  Then he reached for the button and zipper on her pants and pretty soon she stood before him gloriously naked.
“Shower quickly.” He said leading her into the bathroom then turning to leave her alone.  Anna walked out of the bathroom wearing his robe a few minutes later.  “I’m keeping this robe.  It smells like you.”
“Whatever you wish love.  I do like how you look in it.” He said kissing her and disappearing into the bathroom.  “However, I like you without it also.”
Anna was lying on David’s bed still wearing his robe as he came out of the bathroom wearing his pajama pants.  He walked slowly towards the bed and climbed over her.  “Now, where we were when we were interrupted this morning?”
“Right here.” Anna answered “Kiss me please”
David lay out on top of her and angled his head to kiss her longingly.  He teased her tongue with his and sucked at her lips.  He rolled over until she lay on top of him.  He urged her to sit up and lean back on his knees.  
David reached for the tie of the robe and soon she was sitting on him gloriously naked.  He ran his hands up her legs to her waist and then on to cup her breasts.  His thumbs teased her nipples until she clasped her hands are his and stilled him.  “What’s wrong?” he asked worriedly
“Nothing’s wrong.  I like this feeling too.  Your hand just holding me and caressing me.”
“You scared me.”
“No, nothing like that.  I feel wonderful.”
“Yes, you do.”
Anna released his hand and he continued to pleasure her.  His hands gently clasped her head and he drew her down to him for a kiss.  “I can’t decide.” He said uncertainly
“Decide what?” she asked
“If I like to look at you more like this” he said then rolled over “Or if I like you under me like this.”
“Can you decide that later and kiss me now?”
“Impatient are we sweetheart?”
“Apparently.” She answered “I need your touch.”
“I’m glad.  I love to touch you.” He said running his hands along her side and pulling her leg up to caress it.  “Your skin is fantastic.”  Anna’s arms held him to her as she kissed his face.  “You make me feel so wonderful.  I am so glad you want me.”
David smiled gently at her and rolled them over until she lay on top of him.  He caressed her face and hair as he looked at her.  “Anna, I’m so glad we met up in San Diego.  I wanted to call you a few months ago to see how you were but I didn’t know what to say.”
“Really?  You could have just said Hi.” 
“But then what?  I didn’t know if you would welcome my call or if you were seeing someone.  I was going to suggest to Sarah that she invite you to the foundation’s gala and then I would see you and maybe talk to you.”
“Maybe talk to me?”
“Well, depending on how interested you seemed in your date for the evening.”
“And when I didn’t show up, what was going to be your plan?”
“I hadn’t considered anything else.  I had my hopes on that night.”
“David, you really surprise me.  You are so confident about everything but me.  Why?”
“Do I have to answer that?” he asked with his eyes closed not looking at her
“Yes, you do.” 
“Youaretoobeautifultobewithme.” He said quickly and quietly.
“What did you say?  I didn’t understand you.”
“I said it once. I’m not saying it again.”
“Oh yes you are.” 
David paused trying to think of any way to distract her.  
“I’m waiting.  Tell me what you said.”
He gently rolled her off of him and got out of bed.  At the window he stared out and then repeated what he said “You are too beautiful to be with me.” He said again very quietly “I’m just a cowboy, what do I have that you need?”
Anna got out of the bed and retrieved the robe from the floor.  As she tied the belt she walked to him and turned him to face her.  “David Matthews, the next hundred years will not be long enough to tell you what you have that I need so I am going to tell you this…you have a wonderful heart and soul.  The way you reach out to me and take care of me is so so special.  You are caring, kind, generous, very loving and amazing to be around.  I need you because you are the best man I know.”
“You are the amazing one.  You are…”
“Don’t start with me bud.  I’ll turn you over my knee.” She said with mock fierceness 
David laughed and grabbed her in a fierce hug.  “Thank you” he said quietly in her ear “I love you.”
“And that is the reason I need you the most.” She said smiling at him.  “Come on big guy, I’m exhausted and we need sleep.” Anna pulled out her gown from her bag and removed the robe and slipped the gown on.  David swept her up in his arms and laid her gently on the bed.
He moved to the finish getting ready for bed then joined her.  After turning off the light, he pulled her into his arms and kissed her gently.  “I love you David.”
“I love you babe.”


Anna woke before David the next morning so she quietly climbed from the bed and went to shower and dress.  He hadn’t moved when she left the bathroom so she decided to let him sleep and take a walk.  She wandered down to the stable where her horse, Gabriel, was housed.
The stable was mostly quiet as ranch hands began their morning routines in the barn.  Anna stood outside of Gabriel’s stall and watched him.  “Come here Gabriel” she stated gently.  “Come here big fella.” Gabriel moved cautiously towards the stall door and stuck his head over the door.  “Good boy” she said patting his neck.  
Gabriel stood still for Anna as she patted his neck and ran her hand along his face.  He nudged her a couple of times and was rewarded with more petting.  
“That’s a really good sign.” a voice said from behind her
Anna turned and saw Nick watching her. “Hi Nick”
“Good morning.” Nick stated walking up to her and Gabriel.  “He likes you.”
“He came when I called him.”
“And he let you touch him.  It won’t be much longer before you can ride him.”
“I appreciate this Nick.  I don’t know why he is mine, I didn’t buy him, but I still appreciate your working with him.”
“You are welcome.  What are you doing up this early?”
“Doctors are used to early mornings and late nights.  In medical school and residency, you are on the go for twenty-four hours then you sleep for two.  I got used to it.  And sometimes the nightmares make it hard to sleep.” 
“From the abuse?”
“Yes, I relive it sometimes.”
“David needs to skin your parents alive.”
“Yes, he mentioned you have given him some advice on them.  Nick, you and he will never know who they are.  I will give their names to Lindsay for the purpose of locating them if something should ever happen to me.”
“They are still a threat to you?”
“Yes, if they find me.  As my father was led from the courtroom, he said to me that I was his and I would always belong to him.  He still writes and calls my foster parents to get them to tell him where I am.”
“Does David know this?”
“No, I would be under constant surveillance if he did.”
“Maybe you should be.” 
“I’m fine.  I’m perfectly safe.”
“So when are you all getting married?” Nick said changing the subject “We like having you around here.”
“I like it here.  But when, might be a little premature..maybe if?”
Nick laughed at her and repeated “When.  I’ve heard all about wedding plans, flowers, caterers, locations but I’ve never heard when.”
The surprised look on Anna’s face was hysterical.  “I thought that was between David and Sarah, everyone knows?”
Nick stopped laughing long enough to answer her.  “In this family, there are very few secrets.  This topic is discussed almost nightly as David thinks of new ideas and plans.”
“Please tell me you are kidding.” Anna pleaded
“Sorry, no I’m not.  I didn’t even know this much about my own wedding.”
Anna burst out laughing. “David is one of a kind.” She said shaking her head
“Yeah, but he is the best kind.” Nick answered
“Yeah, I know that too” She replied shyly.  “He has changed my life.”
“And you have changed his” answered Dalton from behind them.  
Anna and Nick turned to the newcomer “Thanks Dalton.  I want the best for him.  I hope that is really me.”
“Anna, we all have expressed those same thoughts to our spouses.  Sarah and I did, Nick and Lindsay did.  It is part of the thought process if you really want the best for your mate.  We know you are the best for him.”
“Thank you again.”
“You are welcome.” Dalton said hugging her “Come on let’s go eat.”
“Where’s Sarah?” Nick asked
“Sleeping.  She is stuck in bed until I release the ropes.”
“Too much information again.” Anna said plugging her ears 
“I agree.” Nick replied
“You two are nuts.  She is sleeping, she had a long day yesterday.  I haven’t tied her up; I just didn’t wake her up either.”
Anna, Dalton and Nick left the barn and headed for the house, Nick’s phone rang as they walked “We are on our way Mama.” He said when he answered
“Have you seen Anna?”
“Yes, she is with us.”
“Good, David is pacing my kitchen and getting on my nerves.”
“We will be there in a minute.” He said laughing as he hung up.
“David is pacing Mama’s kitchen and getting on her nerves.”
“Oh Lord” Dalton exclaimed “Did you tell David you were going for a walk?”
“No, he was asleep.” Anna answered
“Number one, this is a big ranch, always tell someone where you are going.  Number two, David watches over everything and everyone, but he will be worse with you.  Always tell him where you are, otherwise you may find yourself tied to the bed too.”
“He wouldn’t dare.” Anna stated
“Oh Lord” Nick exclaimed “She didn’t just say that did she?”
“Yes I did.  I said it to him once before too.”
“And what happened?”
“He mentioned something about throwing someone off his ranch.”
“He’s right.  The guy that spooked a horse I was riding, dared David that he wouldn’t fire him.  From what I was told, since I was unconscious at the time, the guy made a very fast get away after David starting swinging his rope at him.
“No” Anna laughed “He didn’t threaten him with a rope.”
“Oh yes, I did.  He was about two seconds from being drug behind my horse.  He left very quickly.” David stated proudly “No one disobeys my rules and then dares me about firing them.”
Dalton and Nick nodded at her and walked away leaving David and Anna alone outside.  “And you my dearest broke two of my rules already today.” He said sternly
“Two?” she laughed at him
“One, no one knew where you were.  And two, you didn’t wake me up.”
Anna tugged on his hand and he leaned down to her.  “What?” he asked 
Anna kissed him gently.  “Number one, Nick was with me most of the time then Dalton came.  Number two, you didn’t wake up as I moved around the room so I knew you needed sleep.  Number three, I …”
“I only said two rules.” He tried to say forcefully
“And number three, I don’t need you to watch over me all day every day.”
“I can’t do that, you don’t live here yet.”
“And even if I do, you cannot watch over me all the time.”
“If?  What do you mean if?”
“David, I’m not going to argue with you today.  You don’t know the future, when I said if, that’s all I meant.”
“It better be.  You are mine and I don’t give up what’s mine.”
Anna wrapped her arms around his waist and snuggled as close to him as she could get.  David recovered from his surprise and quickly wrapped her in his arms.  “Good morning David”
“You should have woke me up.”
“Don’t start with me bud.  I’ll take you apart.” She teased
“Yeah, yeah.  I’m really scared.” He smart mouthed back to her.
“Good, keep it that way.” She replied sarcastically “Feed me, I’m starved and I need coffee.”
“I’m starved too.” He said releasing her “For a kiss from you.” He leaned down and kissed her and she wrapped her arms around his neck and he lifted her off the ground and kissed her thoroughly.  
“Anna, are you sure you want to marry someone like him?” 
“Go away, Sarah” David growled
Sarah argued back “I wasn’t really talking to you, David”
This time Anna answered “Go away, Sarah. I’m busy.” 
“I can see that.” Sarah smirked
David put Anna back on the ground and she turned in his arms. “Good morning Sarah, Dalton said you were sleeping in this morning.” Anna greeted
Sarah nodded “I missed my husband” she said and moved to the door.  David stopped her and kissed her cheek.  “Morning” he whispered to her.
Sarah smiled at him “Morning David” as she went in the house.
“She likes to pick on you.” Anna said when they were alone again.
“It’s payback.” He said smiling 
“For?”
“I happened to call her a couple of times before she and Dalton were married.”
“And?”
“Never mind.” He said turning towards the house as Anna laughed.  “Let’s eat.” He said opening the door.  As soon as they stepped inside, Katie and Scott rushed him.  “David, can we ride one more time? Please?”
David leaned down and picked up a kid in each arm and walked them to the table. “Eat first. Then we will ride.”
“Cool!” Scott exclaimed
David looked at Nick and received a nod.  David had a surprise for the kids when they went to the barn for their last ride of the trip.
“What are you up to?” Anna asked quietly when she and David went to the buffet.
“You’ll see.  After we eat, go get dressed for a ride.”
After breakfast everyone walked to the barn for one last ride with the Jones’ and the Dowd’s.  Katie and Scott were walking with Nick and Lindsay.  Nick led Scott to a stall door while Lindsay took Katie to the next door over.  “Can you read that Scott?”  Nick asked pointing to the sign on the door.
“Trouble. Owner: Scott Jones.  Hey, that’s me.” he exclaimed
“Mine says “Katie’s Girl. Owner: Katie Dowd” exclaimed Katie
“David gave you these two to be your new horses.  Whenever you come to visit us in the future, they will be yours to ride.  Today, they are not quite ready for you, but the next time they will be.” Nick explained
Scott and Katie flew to David and hugged him.  “Thank you David” 
“You are welcome” David answered “go with Nick and Lindsay they will help you take care of your horses.” 
“David, you can’t give them horses.” Randy Jones, Scott’s father stated as the kids rushed away leaving four stunned parents.
“Sure, I can.” David replied authoritatively
“But …” Randy started again
“Don’t bother.” Anna interrupted “It won’t do you any good.”
“Anna’s right, don’t bother arguing with him.” Sarah stated
“He can’t give away two expensive horses.” Randy explained to Anna and Sarah 
“How do you think I got mine?” Sarah asked
“Me too” Anna answered
“And all I did was name her and all she did was say Hi to the horse.  Don’t bother arguing with David Matthews, it is futile.” Sarah said 
“But you can’t even ride.” Deena said to Sarah
“Exactly.  But my name is still listed as owner.” Sarah returned
“And theirs will be too when they reach legal age.  Right now they are in your names.” David said to the parents.  
“Thank you David.  This was way too generous but they are so thrilled.” Randy said shaking David’s hand 
“Let’s go for a ride.” David said “Who’s riding?”


“You really are a big softy, David Matthews” Anna said many hours later as her and David sat in a lounge chair by the pool
“No, I’m not.” He said gruffly
“Yes, you are sweetheart.” She said gently “When Katie and Scott hugged you today, you melted.”
“I did not.  I was the same as I always am.”
“Okay, then you are always a big softy.”
David growled “I meant, I was tough then and I’m always tough.”
Anna scoffed “Go sell that story to someone who didn’t watch you today.  You were happier than they were.”
“So, I’ll pick you up on Thursday or meet you at the doctor’s office?”
Anna laughed at his change in topics.  “Both.  The doctor’s office is in the same building as mine.  Come to my office and I’ll introduce you around, then we will go to the appointment.”
“And then we will come back out here Thursday night and leave from here Friday morning?”
“Yes.  I’m so excited to see them.”
“I’ll miss you tonight and tomorrow night and the next and the next.”
“No you won’t, not tonight anyway.”
“What?” David asked
“I’m not leaving until the morning.”
“Thank you.” He whispered 
“I thought you might like that.” She said turning to face him
“I love it.” He said standing “come with me, we are going on another ride.”
“To where?”
“The cabin by the creek.”
“Why there?”
“You will see.” He answered 
David and Anna arrived at the cabin a short time later.  “this isn’t your typical cabin in the woods” David explained opening the door and escorting Anna inside “Dalton designed it.”
“Oh my!  This is as decadent as the suite in San Diego.  The only thing missing is a hot tub.”
“Not exactly.” He said leading her to the room off the main bedroom.  
“It is beautiful in here.” She said looking around the room with the hot tub.  
“Will you join me?” David asked pointing to the tub “I keep a suit here.”
“But I don’t have mine.”
“You won’t need it.  I promise.” He said with a wink
Anna nodded shyly and David reached to turn the water on so the tub would fill and get warm.  “Come with me for a minute while it heats up in here.” 
David walked her into the other room and swept her up in his arms to place her on the bed.  “Why are you all of a sudden shy with me again?”
“Embarrassed a little I guess” she answered softly 
“Why?”
“Because I like how you look at me and I like how you want me to be without clothes around you.  Maybe I shouldn’t feel that way.”
“Anna, did you just listen to yourself?”
“Yes.”
“Four weeks ago, would you have said you liked how I looked at you?”
“No.  We were barely acquaintances four weeks ago.  I wasn’t going to show my body to anyone.”
“Exactly.  Anna, I love you.  You have grown used to me looking at you.  I knew you would if I pushed hard enough and you let me in.” he said tapping on her chest over her heart.  “I want you to be passionate about me and part of that is appreciation of how I look.  I am passionate about you and I really appreciate how you look.” He said leaning over her so she had to lie down.  “Now, since you are no good with buttons and zippers, I’d better help you undress.”
Anna smiled and reminded him “I did manage to dress myself this morning.”
“Well, I’m still better at it.” 
“So says the king.” She smart mouthed him and he attacked her.
“Uncle” she cried after he tickled her “I give up.”
Anna watched David don his swimsuit then sashayed up to him and caressed his bare chest.  “You are very well put together.” She said playfully
“You are a flirt.” He said swinging her up in his arms and taking her to the hot tub “I never would have guessed that about you.”
“I am only appreciating a very fine male specimen.  Very fine.  You are hot!”
David was laughing as he climbed into the tub and then helped her in.  He sat down on the seat and pulled her to straddle his lap.  David cradled her close and soothed her with loving words “I love you and you are beautiful”  
Anna rested her head on his shoulder “I love you.” She said cupping his face in her hands.  “How is that possible in such a short time?  How did I get to this place?”
“I’m good” he said leering at her
“I’m serious.”
“Me too.” He smarted again and she gripped his chin tighter and harder “Okay, easy.  I say it’s because we are supposed to be together.  You were only going to be comfortable enough with one man to show your scars and tell your history and thankfully, that man was me.” he said kissing her 
“I wasn’t going to do that with any man.  Why you?”
“Because I wanted it bad enough to make it happen.”
“What does that mean?”
“When you called out to me in San Diego and I invited you to dinner that first night, do you remember what happened as I walked through the lobby that night?”
“You walked right past me without seeing me.”
“Want to know why?”
“Yes” she said slowly
“I was day dreaming about you.  Guess how much of that afternoon’s seminar I remember?”
“How much?”
“Not a word.  I was too distracted by you.  I couldn’t believe my good fortune to run into you on my vacation.”
“But you played it pretty cool for several days”
“Yeah well” he stalled 
“Spill it mister”
“I was just as nervous as you were.  Then when you got so skittish when I touched you at dinner, I lost nervousness and went for what I wanted.”
“But we had only known each other a few days”
“But I had dreamed about you for months” he said honestly
“Are you telling the truth?”
“Yes, it started right after you and Jimmy visited here.  The first dream I just figured was because I was concerned about what you were going through with Jimmy.  But after several dreams, I …well anyway here we are.”
“What did you dream about?”
“I dreamed about romantic picnics, riding our horses together, swimming late at night, taking long walks and late nights of lying next to each other as we talked.”
“You dreamed of us in bed together?  Before or after San Diego?”
“Before, during and after” he answered honestly
“You never mentioned this before now. Why not?” 
“So, read any good books lately?” he asked evading her question
Anna gripped his chin hard and tight.  “Answer the question”
“Hey are you ordering the king to do something?” he stalled again trying to remove her hand from his chin.  Anna captured that hand and held it away
“I can get away from you babe” he said playfully
“Try it and see what happens to you.”
“First ordering the king to do something, now daring the king…tsk tsk tsk.  You will have to be dealt with, my fair lady.”
“David Matthews, answer my question.  Why are you just now mentioning these dreams?”
David lifted her off him and rose from the tub.  He reached for a towel and dried off.  He grabbed a clean towel and held it out for her to step into.  He wrapped it around her and kissed her quickly as she started to speak.  David walked away and began to change back into his jeans.  
“David Matthews, you are embarrassed to have had dreams about me.”
“No, I’m not!  They were great dreams.  I loved them.  It is the quantity, I’m a little embarrassed about.” He muttered to himself
“Quantity?  How many are we talking about?”
“Get dressed we need to head back to the house.”
“Not happening, sweets.  We have some talking to do.”
“Not if I am not here.” He said heading for the door.  “Get dressed” he said shutting the door behind him
“But what about the buttons and zippers?” she yelled after him
“I’ll let you do them this time.” He yelled back as he slumped over on the couch.  She is just like a dog with a bone.  She won’t let go until she gets what she wants.  David paced as Anna got dressed.  How do I get out of this subject?  
“Why are you pacing the floor?  Are you nervous about something?” she asked laughing at him
“No.  We need to go.” He said opening the front door of the cabin.  
“You might as well tell me the truth, I’m not letting this go.”
“I knew it.  You are just stubborn.”
“Isn’t that the pot calling the kettle black?” 
“No, I’m just right.  You are stubborn.”
“David, my love” she said walking up to him and stopping his pacing.  “Dreaming about me is very complimentary.  It makes me very happy to know you have dreams about me.  Tell me how many there have been?”
“No, it makes me sound like a wimp.”
“Why?”
“There have been two or three a week since your first visit last fall.  Are you happy now?”
“Yes, I am.  I’m ecstatic and a bit in awe.”
“Why?”
“You thought about me a lot.”
Angrily he spoke out “Yes, I do.  Now can we go?”
“No.  Sit down.” She said pointing to the couch.  David went and sat down on the couch and Anna sat on the coffee table in front of him.  “Why are you mad at me?”
The anger with which he shouted was inaccurate “Because you are just so stubborn.”
Hiding a reaction was what she learned as a child so he didn’t know it but Anna was stunned by his answer.  She jumped up off the table and moved away.  “We can go now.” She said opening the door and leaving him sitting there.  Anna was on her horse and moving away by the time he got to his.  
“Hey wait a minute.”
Anna rode faster but he caught up to her and stopped her horse.  “What’s wrong?”
“Let go.” She said fiercely
“No.”
“David, let go.  I’m done talking to you.”
“Anna, tell me what’s wrong.”
“I would greatly appreciate it if you just let go so I can go home.” She said too calmly
“Fine.” He said letting go 
Anna turned her horse towards the ranch and rode as fast as she felt comfortable with.  When she reached the barn, she tied her horse off and walked away.  
“Where are you going?” he asked 
Anna didn’t answer and didn’t stop her stride.  She moved swiftly to the bedroom and locked the door on David.  He probably has a key but I’ll be done packing by then.  She packed her suitcase and gathered up her purse as David opened the door.  
“You locked me out?” he asked “It is my room, I have a key.”
Anna tried to walk around him but he stopped her with a hand to her arm.  She jerked out of his grasp and kept walking.  “Anna, where are you going?” he said striding after her.  She was striding through the kitchen and saw Nick.  “Would you please stop him from following me?” she asked 
“Why?”
“Just please?”
“Stay out of this Nick” David commanded
“No, I don’t think I will David” Nick said at David’s command.  “Go ahead Anna”
“Thank you” she said leaving a furious David behind as Nick watched him.
Anna strode down to her car and threw her bags in and left Stage West as fast as possible.  She arrived home a short time later.  Her phone had sounded every five minutes until she had to shut it off.  Anna burst into tears the instant her door was shut and locked.  
I knew I was right to stay away from people.  They hurt and destroy you.  Never again. 
Anna went to get dressed for bed and turned her phone on again.  She knew he would call again but she had to leave her phone on.  Once when her phone rang, she saw Sarah’s name on the display
“Yeah?”
“Are you okay?”
“Is he there with you?”
“Yes.”
“I’m home, that’s all he needs to know.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“Not likely.  Not with him standing right there with you.  Goodbye Sarah.”
“Anna?” Sarah called
“Yeah?”
“Call me tomorrow.”
“No, I don’t think so.  I believe my association with the Matthews family is over.”
“Anna, don’t do this.  This can be fixed.”
“No. I was right Sarah.  Goodbye”
“Right about what?” Sarah rushed to ask
“It isn’t important.” She said hanging up


Sarah closed her phone and turned to David.  “What did she say?” he asked
“She is at home.  And something about being right.”
“Right?  Right about what?”
“She said it wasn’t important and hung up.”
“Damm” David swore 
“David, what happened?” Dalton asked as he watched his brother 
“I don’t know.  We were having a discussion and then she shut down and ran away.”
“Did she seem scared?  Did you threaten her?”
“No, I just said she was stubborn.”
“Are you sure?” asked Sarah
“Yes.” David answered
“Call her tomorrow and maybe she will talk to you.” Dalton said
“Uh, I don’t think so.” Sarah started “When I suggested that she call me tomorrow her response was I believe my association with the Matthews family is over.”
David turned and walked from the room.  Dalton, Sarah, Nick and Lindsay stared after him.  “What do we do now?” asked Lindsay to Dalton
“Nick, did she say anything to you?” Dalton asked
“Nothing other than please stop him from following me.  I wasn’t going too until he commanded me to “stay out of it” so I stepped in between them so she could leave.  I think she was ticked off.” Nick responded “And he pushed until she ran.”
“She has stood up to him before, what is different with this time?” Sarah asked but no one had an answer.  


Chapter 12

David was waiting outside of Anna’s house when she arrived home the next night.  “I’m sorry.” He said as she walked up to him.
“Apology accepted. Now get away from me.” she said strongly
“We need to talk about what happened.” 
“No. We don’t need to ever talk again.” She said forcefully as she walked around him to the front door.
“Anna please” David pleaded standing behind her.
“David, it’s better this way.” She said facing the door “Go away.  I can’t be what you want.” 
“What does that mean?” he asked 
“It isn’t important.  Please.  I’m asking you to go away.”
“It is important.”
“I was right.  Why didn’t you let me be?”
“I don’t know what that means.”
“Goodbye David” Anna said closing the door and locking it.
David debated knocking the door down or driving away and trying again another day.  He decided to drive away and try again another day.  
Anna heard his truck pull away and she walked numbly into the back yard and sat down on her swing.  She was not aware of anything, she had no idea how long she sat there.
“Anna?” David spoke as he walked up to her
Anna started at the voice breaking the silence.  “How did you get back here?”
“I picked the locks on your front door.”
“Please go away.”
“Anna, I will, if you tell me what went wrong.”
Anna reached under her hair and removed her earrings then unclasped the necklace he had given her.  She walked up to him and put it the items his hand.  “You were wrong and I was right.  I knew it but I ignored it.  Life doesn’t work that way for me.” 
David was instantly furious “I get it now.  You were right that we couldn’t be together because of your past.  I was wrong because I thought we could.  Did I get it right?”
“Partly.”
“What part did I miss?”
“The part where I thought I could be what you wanted.  The part where you thought I had qualities you could like.”
“Dammit.  You are so stubborn.” He growled
Anna shouted at him unconcerned that her neighbors could hear.  “I get it, okay!  Quit beating that subject into the ground.  I’m always going to be stubborn, but you don’t have to like it but I had to be to survive.  I’m not going to change it for you, I can’t.  Go away; you don’t have to be here.  Just please leave me alone!” she said turning and running into the house.
David was stunned for a moment then burst out laughing.  She thinks I don’t like it that she is stubborn.  
“Anna James!” David bellowed as he followed her inside “Get yourself over here this instant.  If I have to track you down again, I’m going to turn you over my knee.”
“Get out of my house.” She yelled from the back room.  David marched forcefully to the bedroom and threw the door open.  Similar to when she did it to him, the bedroom door slammed into the wall from the force.  
“I told you not to make me track you down again.” He said smiling wickedly at her.
“How dare you come into my room and why are you looking at me like that?  David, go away. I’m done talking to you.” She said retreating on the other side of the bed.
“Anna, my love, we are done talking.” He said advancing on her.
Anna scrambled over the top of the bed as he moved around behind it.  “If we are done talking, why are you still here?” she said running from the room as he stalked towards her.  
“Anna, you are not going to sit for a week if you don’t stop running from me.” he sing-songed to her
“David, what is wrong with you?  I’m not what you want.”
“Because you are stubborn, right?  Isn’t that what this is all about?”
“Yes, I’m too stubborn for you.  You said so yourself.  Stop chasing me.  Go home.”
“When did I say you were too stubborn for me?”
“At the cabin when I asked why you were mad at me.  You said I was just so stubborn.”
“So, I’ve told you that before.”
“But not like that.  You were mad that I am stubborn.  Stop stalking me.” she said running to the next room as he followed her
“Then stop running from me.” he said suggestively
“I’m not changing for you. I’m always going to be this way.”
“Good, we will have spectacular fights and fabulous make up sex.” 
“David!”
“Yes, Anna?”
“Are you listening to me?  I am always going to be this stubborn and you are going to hate it.”
“Probably true.  But maybe not.  Maybe I’ll just provoke you for the make-up sex.”
“Stop saying that.  We are never going to have sex.  You are leaving right now.”
“No. No, I don’t think I am.  You just threw down a challenge and we need to make another bet.  Although the two could be combined, don’t you think?”
“You’re losing it David.  What are you muttering about?”
“When, did you catch that, when you walk down the aisle in a wedding dress that I picked out for you, you can bet that night you and I will be having sex.”
“Are you crazy?  All bets are off.  Why would you want to marry me?”
“Because you are so stubborn.” He said with a huge smile on his face
“But I’m…what did you say?” she said sitting down hard on the couch in the living room. David smiled and knelt down in front of her
“I said, because you are so stubborn.”
“But yesterday, that was why you were mad at me.  You made it sound like you didn’t like that…I’m always going to be stubborn.”
“Good” 
“You are confusing me.  What is going on?”
“Anna, there are going to be times when I hate it that you are so stubborn.”
“See, I knew it.” Anna said scrambling from the couch “Go home.” She said pointing towards the door.
“And then there are going to be times, that I’ll secretly love it that you are so stubborn.” He continued as if she hadn’t spoken “But there will never be a time that I don’t love you and want to be your husband.”
Anna slid down the wall and sat on the floor with her head in her hands.  “David, please go home.  I can’t be what you want.” She sobbed
David rushed to her side and gathered her in his arms. “Now I’m the one who is confused, tell me what that means.”
“I don’t want to fight with you.  I don’t want arguments over every subject.  I thought we could have a good marriage but I won’t fight with you.”
“Anna, listen to me.  I’m not a marriage expert, but every marriage has arguments.  That doesn’t make it an unhappy marriage.  And we won’t argue on every subject, but I’m sure we will argue.  We are both too stubborn to give in first.”
“My parents argued all the time.  I can’t do that.”
“My parents had spectacular arguments too, but the difference is my parents loved each other.  Your parents hate each other and life.  There is something broken in them, and they took it out on you.  We are not your parents; we are healthy, happy, whole individuals.  We won’t be like them.”
“Are you sure?  Maybe I already am.” 
David lifted her head to make sure she was looking at him as he spoke.  “You are not anything like your parents. And I know this because you recognize their problems and have worked to change your circumstances.  You loved a wonderful little boy that someone else threw away.  And you are too stubborn to fall into your parent’s way of life.”
“Oh David!” she sobbed into his shirt as she hugged him tight.  
“Hey, it’s okay.  Shhh.  Tell me what’s wrong”
Anna was silent as the sobbing subsided.  She lay quietly against him.  “I’m sorry.” She said wiping the tears away with her hands.  “I ruined your shirt.”
“Who cares?  Are we all right now?  Is there an “us” again?”
“Is that what you want?”
“Yes!” he exclaimed “I do.”
She searched his face and saw his love shining through to her and finally she answered “Me too” 
“Fabulous.” He said kissing her quickly “Now, I’m sorry about yesterday in the cabin.  I was self-conscious about all the dreams I’ve had about you.  I wasn’t mad at you and I should have said that. I’m very sorry.”
“I still don’t get that; why are you self-conscious about dreaming about me?  Isn’t that a good thing?”
“I’m a guy.  We don’t have dreams like these.  We have “manly” dreams.”
“I think it is a wonderful thing.  I would give anything to dream that many times about you.  My dreams aren’t that wonderful.”
“Wait a minute.  You said those nightmares were only when you were stressed.”
“So, read any good books lately?” Anna asked falling back on their standard avoidance routine.
“Anna James, tell me the truth.”
“No, they are pretty much every night.  They vary in intensity by my stress level.”
“It was bad last night.”
“No, I didn’t sleep last night.” She answered somberly
“Me either.”
“Will you stay with me tonight?”
“I was not planning to leave your side until you leave for work tomorrow.”
Anna’s cell phone rang just as she was about to comment.  She looked at the display and started laughing.  “He’s here and everything is worked out.” She said in greeting.
“Okay, that’s why I called.  I’m glad you were able to work it out.  He needs you.”
“Yes and I need him.”
“Yes, you do.  See you Thursday.” 
Anna was laughing as she hung up
“Sarah” David stated
Anna nodded “Sarah” she said leaning back against him.  “Pizza or Chinese?”
“Pizza” he answered “But first things first..” he said opening his hand to give her back the earrings and necklace. “Always”
“Always” she said reaching for the earrings.  David put the necklace on her and gave her a long slow kiss.  
“I love you, Anna James!”
“I love you, David Matthews”


Chapter 13

Thursday afternoon, David walked into the clinic where Anna worked.  He told the receptionist who he was and went to sit down.  He noticed the receptionist eyeing him very carefully before picking up the phone to announce him.  He chuckled to himself.  Anna has lots of protection.
“David Matthews” a smiling face announced from the doorway
David stood and followed the assistant to Anna’s office.  “I’m Tammy, Anna’s assistant.  It is nice to meet you.” She said shaking his hand
“I’m David.  I guess you know about me.”
“Oh yeah!  We know about you.” She smirked
“Do I want to know what she says about me around here?” he asked
“She doesn’t say anything about you.  She walks around with a big smile on her face though.”
“Tammy!” Anna exclaimed as she entered her office.  She had hurried but Tammy beat her to call David back.
“I told you I was going to interrogate him if I got to him first.”
David chuckled and asked “What do you want to know?” 
“She wants to know nothing.  We have to go.” Anna said taking off her white coat.  “I’ll see you Tuesday.” 
“Wait, can I ask one question?” Tammy pleaded
“Go ahead.” Anna succumbed
“What are your intentions towards our Anna?”
“Not that question.” Anna glared
“I plan to marry her soon.” David answered at the same time.
“Good.  Have a nice weekend!” Tammy said leaving the room.  “By the way, there is a pool and I just won.”
“Wait a minute, you had a betting pool on what?”
“Whether or not he was going to marry you.”
“Don’t you think you should wait until I say yes or no to claim the winnings?”
“No, I’ll go with his answer.” Tammy said exiting the room
“I like her.” David said kissing Anna hello
“She’s fired.” Anna responded
“Are you jealous?”
“No, they bet on my love life.” She fumed as they exited out the back door of the clinic.  
“So?”
“Never mind.  I’ll make her split the winnings with me.”
“You are a goof.” He chuckled as she pressed the elevator button.
“I’m kidding.  I’m just a little nervous about these results.”
The elevator arrived and the couple stepped in and Anna pushed the correct floor.  David pulled her into his arms and kissed her.  “I love you and these results will not change that.”
“I know but they will affect our future.”
“No, we make decisions based on what we want not these results.”
Anna nodded in agreement as the elevator arrived at the floor she had chosen.  They exited the elevator and moved towards the doctor’s office.  Anna signed herself in and then sat down by David.  He took her hand in his to try to relieve some of her anxiety.
“Anna James” the assistant called from the doorway
Anna and David stood up and followed her to the doctor’s office.  She directed them to have a seat and told them the doctor would be right in.  
“Hi Anna” the doctor greeted a few minutes later.
“Hi Dr. Foster.  This is David Matthews”
“It is nice to meet you.”
“Thank you.  It is nice to meet you too.”
“Well, Anna, I have all your test results back.  I’m afraid my news isn’t great.  It is doubtful that you could get pregnant and you wouldn’t be able to carry it to term.  I’m sorry.  The original damage is severe and the scar tissue has made it even worse.  In fact, it won’t be long before you will have to have surgery to correct the situation before it becomes unbearably painful.”
“How long is long?” David asked
“A few years.”
“Would it be better to take care of things now?” Anna asked
“No, you would have to take medicine for a long time and I’d rather you wait to start on hormone therapy.”
“Me too.” David agreed
“Don’t want to deal with her hot flashes, mood swings?” the doctor joked
“Actually, I’m a horse breeder and I don’t like hormones in animals or people.”
“That’s why we will wait on surgery.” Dr. Foster agreed “I don’t like them in women Anna’s age.  But it will happen sometime in the near future.  I’m sorry Anna.”
“It isn’t your fault.” Anna stated “I was expecting these results.”
“Any other questions?” Dr. Foster asked
Anna looked at David who shook his head.  “I don’t think so.”
“Okay, if you think of any, call me.”
“We will.  Thank you.” David said rising to shake Dr. Foster’s hand.
Anna led the way out of the office and back to the elevator.  As soon as they stepped inside and the doors closed, David pulled her into his arms.  “I’m sorry.”
“It isn’t your fault either, there is nothing you need to apologize to me for.  But maybe I should apologize to you.”
“No, this isn’t your fault either.  We can talk about this all you want but let’s not make any decisions on children for a while.  We need time to process this news.”  David said calmly
“Let’s go home.” 
“I’ll follow you to your house and then we can leave to go to Stage West.”
“Actually, I rode in with Tammy today.  We can leave directly from here as soon as I get my suitcase from my office.”
“Good planning love.”
“Not really, I wasn’t sure how I would respond to the news from Dr. Foster and I didn’t want to drive if I was upset.”
David followed Anna to her office and picked up her suitcase.  They were on their way to the ranch within a few minutes.  Anna was quiet as they drove along, once they were out of the city, David asked “How do you feel about the news from Dr. Foster?”
“Honestly, I expected the news about getting pregnant and carrying it to term.  I wasn’t expecting the news about the surgery.  I’m not sure how I feel about it though, it may take me some time.”
“That is a wise plan.  Take some time and think about it.  We have plenty of time.”
“What did you tell your family?”
“I told them the truth.  We were going to find out your results from the tests.”
“Are they expecting a full report?”
“Will they be waiting at the door for it? No.  Will they want to know?  Yes.”
“You are taking this better than I imagined.  I figured when you knew the extent of the damage he inflicted you would be extremely furious.”
“Oh, I am furious.  But I would never show it to you.  They, on the other hand, should be tied to a rope behind my horse and dragged throughout my whole ranch.”
“David, you can’t change what happened by hurting them.  I had to realize that and so do you.  It eats you up inside if you don’t.”
“Can’t I just torture them a little bit?” he joked
“Do you know who they are?”
“I will when you tell me.”
“And that is why it will stay my secret.”
“It isn’t good to have secrets from your husband.” 
“This one is the exception.  I will tell Lindsay who they are but with explicit instructions of when she could share that information with you.”
“Why are you going to tell Lindsay?” he asked puzzled
“Well, someone in your family needs to know in case and Lindsay is the logical choice because she doesn’t have a flash temper like some of the others do.”
“I do not have a flash temper.” He growled proving her point.  But she knew his temper was at the situation and never at her.  
“David, I love you for wanting to protect me but I don’t want you involved with them.  They aren’t worth it.  I need you here with me safe and sound, not in jail for something.  Do you promise to never ever have anything to do with them?”
“Can I make one minor adjustment to your question before I agree to it?”
“What adjustment?”
“I won’t go after them unless they come after you.”
“There are varying degrees to “come after me”, that might be too vague.”
“Okay, tell Lindsay.  She is good at keeping secrets.  She loved Nick for eight years and no one knew it.”
“Eight years?  No wonder she wanted to run away from home.”
“She did run away from home, but I wouldn’t let her move away.  I would have missed her way too much.”
“You are a good big brother.  And I believe you will make an excellent husband to some lucky girl someday.” She winked at him
“Yeah maybe when I find someone who isn’t so stubborn.” He said 
“I’ll write you a personal ad: SWM, looking for meek milque-toast wife, no back bone no problem.  Will be auditioned on how well you say “Yes oh mighty king.”  Call me.”
“You say that pretty well. Maybe I’ll take you on for a trial run.”
“Nope, I have a back bone.  I’m too stubborn.”
David pulled into the car barn when they arrived at Stage West.  He walked around the car and helped Anna out, but as she went to move away he grabbed her in a big hug.  “The king loves you just as you are.”
“Even my stubbornness?” Anna questioned
“Especially that.  Again, I am sorry about last weekend.”
“I’m sorry too.  I didn’t like that twenty-four hours when I thought we were over.  I missed you.”
“I missed you too sweetheart.  Now, let’s go see our family.  Maybe when they see you again, I’ll be welcome in my own house.”
“What does that mean?  I told Sarah on Monday that everything was fine.”
“Seeing is believing.  Gabby glares at me and gives me burned food.  Lindsay and Sarah ignore me.  Nick and Dalton lassoed me and tried to tie me to a tree.” David said dejectedly 
Anna was still laughing as she walked into the kitchen with David.  “Look who I found” David announced
“Welcome back Anna” Gabby said hugging her soundly and glaring at David.  
“Thanks Gabby.” Anna returned
“I returned her, now will you stop glaring at me?” 
“No, you ran off my girl.” Gabby said shaking her finger at him.  “Next time, she stays and you go.”
“Gabby, that argument was just as much my fault as David’s.  You can let him out of the doghouse.”
“Maybe.” Gabby declared and when back to preparing the meal
David took Anna’s suitcase to his room while Sarah and Lindsay kidnapped her.  “We are glad to see you again.  After I talked to you on Sunday, I wasn’t sure we would.” said Sarah
“I was certain you wouldn’t.  But here I am.  Were you all really ignoring him all week?”
“Yes.  He deserved it.” Sarah answered
“And Nick and Dalton tried to lasso him and tie him to a tree?”
“Yes, they did it too. But Nathan rescued him.” Lindsay replied  
“I’m kind of surprised you two still have husbands.”
“Nathan made them all shake hands and play nice again.  And he took away their ropes for the day.”
Anna, Lindsay and Sarah were laughing so hard that tears were rolling down their faces when David, Nick and Dalton came into the living room.
“You told her, didn’t you?” accused David
“Yes” Lindsay answered smugly.  
“How did they manage to lasso you?” Anna asked still laughing
Nick and Dalton rushed to her. “It was great, he was taking a ride along the creek like he does every day.  We were hiding in the woods and as he rode by, Nick lassoed him.  He fell off the horse and we dragged him kicking and swearing to the tree.  Unfortunately, Nathan stopped us before we got him completely tied to the tree.”
“Why?  We had worked everything out.” Anna said soberly
“He needed it and we needed something fun to do.”
David was sitting in a chair opposite Anna and hiding his face in his hands.  Anna walked over to him and crawled into his lap.  “I don’t think I need stubbornness to survive this family, I need an exceptional sense of humor.”
“It really helps.” answered Nathan as he joined them.  “Some days I think we forgot to grow up and that this ranch is full of little children not adults.  It was like living with kindergarteners this week.  They were not speaking to him.” He said pointing to Lindsay and Sarah “And they tried to string him up.” He said pointing to Nick and Dalton “And she grumbled at him whenever he showed his face in the house.” He said pointing at Gabby in the kitchen.  “I almost moved away from home.”
“Dad, we were just having fun.” declared Nick “Besides Anna asked us to string him up.”
“You did what?” David shouted at the same time Anna exclaimed “I did not!”
“Oh, I must have misunderstood then.” He said lying through his teeth.  
“David” Lindsay pleaded as David dumped Anna to the chair and rose from the chair “Before you kill him, remember that I’m your baby sister and I love him and you need him.”
“Not anymore.” David said advancing on Nick
“David” Lindsay said stepping in front of him.  “He’ll apologize.”
“No he won’t.” declared Nick laughing at David “He got what he deserved.”
“Deserved for what?” asked David
“Deserved for what?  The night is not long enough to list all the things…torturing me on my wedding day.”
“That was for tying my little sister up in the woods.”
“You knew about that?!” exclaimed Lindsay
“Of course I did.  I know everything that happens around here and you wore long sleeve shirts for a week when the temperature was nearly ninety.”
“That was totally improper behavior on my part and I apologized to her and to all of you.” Nick said 
“Nick, you and I will be having a few words after dinner this evening.” Gabby said calmly from the doorway
“Yes Mama” Nick said contritely “But David still deserved what he got.”
“I agree.” Gabby stated “Running my sweet girl away from her home.”
“All of you listen up.  We had a misunderstanding, David is not at fault.” stated Anna in defense of David
“Don’t defend him, Anna.  He will get a bigger ego.” Dalton joked
“I will defend him.  It looks like he needs it from what I have seen the last few minutes.” Anna declared rising from the chair.
“Yep, she still loves him.” stated Dalton while Gabby declared “Good, Sarah can go back to planning a wedding.” As Lindsay announced “Welcome home Anna” and Sarah said “I knew it all along.” and Nathan and Nick nodded in agreement with all that the others were saying.
“You people are all completely crazy.  You riled me up on purpose?”
“Well, would you rather we just asked if you still loved him?” asked Sarah
Anna sat back down on the chair and just held her head in her hands shaking it back and forth.  
“Now, will you tell us what happened at the doctor?” Lindsay asked gently
David returned to sit next to Anna and held her hand.  “Me or you?” he asked
“I’ll do it.” She said taking a deep breath “I will not be able to carry a child to term if I was even able to conceive.  The damage was too severe and now the scar tissue has made it even worse.  The surprise was that I’ll have to have it all removed within a few years before the pain becomes unbearable.”
“Damm, Damm, Damm” Nick swore “Tell us who he is Anna.”
“Why?  So you can torture him?  It is a nice thought Nick, but we all have to let this go.  If there are to be kids, that call David and I parents, they will have to come from some other place.  And we haven’t decided on that yet.  So let’s talk about something else.”
Lindsay and Sarah had tears in their eyes as Anna finished speaking.  “We are so sorry Anna.”
“Thank you.” Anna replied “If nothing else, we will be great at spoiling nieces and nephews.”
Gabby came to give Anna and David a hug then called the family to dinner.  
“Well, I guess I am out of her doghouse now.” David declared as she walked away.
“For now.” She called from the kitchen.


Anna and David arrived at a small airstrip outside of Dodge City, Kansas at midday the next day.  As the descended down the stairs of the plane, Anna saw the Brown’s driver waiting for them.
“Jeremiah” she called
“Anna, my girl” he said rushing to hug her “It has been too long sweetie.”
“Jeremiah, this is David Matthews.  David, this is a good friend of mine, Jeremiah Phillips.”
“It is nice to meet you sir.” Jeremiah said respectfully 
“It is nice to meet you too.” replied David
“Come on, I need to get you home.  They have been counting the minutes since they got up.” Jeremiah said leading them to the limousine.  The trunk was open already so David put their luggage in and Jeremiah opened the door and Anna and David entered and he went around to the driver’s side.  “It will just be a few minutes.”
The window was up so that David and Anna had privacy in the back.  “Start talking.” David said turning to face her.
“About?”
“Who is Jeremiah?”
“He is the driver for the Browns.  He was also a great listener if I needed to talk as he drove me back and forth to therapy.  He was Camille’s driver when she was alive.”
“Camille was Peter’s mother.”
Anna nodded.  “She was my benefactor in so many ways.  Money, friendship, love, acceptance…and so many more things.”
David wrapped his arm around her and drew her closer “Then I will be forever grateful to her and to the Brown’s.  They gave me you.”
“Don’t make me cry now, were here.” She said pointing at the sign over the drive
“The Diamond B Bucking Bulls?  Those Brown’s are your foster family?”
“I wondered if you would put that together.  I wanted to surprise you.”
“You succeeded.  How did you get involved with the best bull breeder in the country and the best horse breeder in the country?”
“Isn’t that quite a coincidence?” she asked as the car came to a stop in front of the main house.  Jeremiah opened the door for them and they exited.
Anna led David to the door and opened it.  “We are here.” She said 
“Anna!” Candace exclaimed.  “I am in the living room.” 
Anna grabbed David’s hand and pulled him with her to the living room.  “Candace!” Anna exclaimed going to the little woman sitting on the couch.  “I’m so glad to see you.” Anna said tearfully 
“I’m so glad to see you too.”
“Candace, this is my David.  David, this is my mother Candace Brown.” Anna introduced them
“It is wonderful to meet you David.”
“It is my honor to meet you, Mrs. Brown.” David said shaking her hand.  
“Please call me Candace.”
“Where’s Peter?” Anna asked
“Where else?  In the barn, looking over one of his babies.”
Anna laughed at her description.  “Remind you of anybody?” she asked David
David nodded “Nathan”
“UhHuh  Where were you at 1 am this morning?”
“Never mind.” He said sheepishly
“He’s the same way, Candace.  One of his babies was having issues last night, he has a staff of people but, no, he had to go assess the situation.”
“Anna, be nice.” Candace scolded playfully “We have to let them have their fun.  Boys will always be boys no matter their age.”
Anna looked at David again as he spoke “Remind you of anyone else we know?”
“Gabby” Anna answered
“Who is Gabby?”
“That is complicated” David began “Gabby is officially our cook and housekeeper, but more like general in charge of everything.  She and her husband came with their family to my family’s ranch when I was about ten.  Her husband was my father’s head wrangler and he is also mine.  Gabby and Nathan have evolved to be mine and my sibling’s surrogate parents.  Nick, their son, is our business partner and is married to my little sister, Lindsay.  Gabby takes care of all of us.”
“And why do I remind you of her?” Candace asked
“She calls my horses Nathan’s babies.” David answered
“She calls them David’s babies too.” clarified Anna
They were still laughing as Peter hurried into the room.  “Anna!” 
“Peter” Anna said jumping up to give him a hug.  
“It’s about time you came home.” He scolded
“Peter, this is David Matthews.  David, this is Peter Brown.”
“It is nice to meet you, Mr. Brown.” David said rising from the chair to shake his hand.
“Peter, please.  And it is nice to meet you too.”
Peter indicated that they take their seats again.  “So how did she end up with the best horse breeder in the country after living with the best bull breeders in the country?”
“I asked that same question.” David replied
“That’s an easy answer Peter.  Jimmy”
“But I thought you met in San Diego?”
“We met again in San Diego.” Anna clarified.
Peter nodded at her explanation.  “Wasn’t he a great little guy?”
“Yes, he was” answered David “I only knew him a couple of days but he was a trooper.”
“Yes” agreed Candace  “Anna, did you get your test results?”
David reached for her hand again just like he had done when they told his family.  Anna smiled at him. “It was what I expected mostly.  I probably couldn’t conceive and I wouldn’t be able to carry it anyway.  There was too much damage and now the scar tissue has made it impossible.  I’ll have to have surgery in the next few years.”
“Damm them.  Get a rope.” Peter cursed
“That was my thought.” agreed David.  
“Peter, all of us knew the damage years ago.  We can’t change anything by hurting them.”
“But I’ll feel better.” Peter replied
“Me too. Let’s go.” David said thinking he could finally find out who they were.
“Knock it off, David.  He isn’t going to tell you who they are either.”
“He doesn’t know who they are?” asked Peter
“No, and you are not going to tell him.” Anna said sternly
“I wouldn’t bet on that little girl.  Someone needs to know in his family.”
“And I’ll tell his little sister, not him.”
“Why her?” asked Candace
“Because she doesn’t think Lindsay has a flash temper like I do apparently.” answered David 
“Lindsay may have a temper, but she is reasonable.”
“I’m reasonable.” declared David
“Yeah, he’s reasonable.” agreed Peter
“You are not helping.” scolded Anna to Peter
“Peter, why don’t you and David go look at the bulls?  I want to talk to Anna.”
“Yes, dear.” Peter answered “Would you like to see my operations?”
“I thought you’d never ask.” David answered  “Bye dear.  Love ya.” He said kissing Anna’s cheek.
“David!” Anna laughed
“Let him be, sweetie.” Candace laughed.  
“He’s like a little kid.”
“All men are just boys in large bodies.  Especially around livestock.  But enough about them.  I like him.”
“I’m glad.  I wanted you to like him as much as I do.”
“And I can see how much he loves you.  Are you talking about marriage?”
“In time.  This dating is new to me, remember.  I wasn’t ever going to date, let alone get married.”
Candace gave Anna a gentle smile “I never understood that, but I supported you anyway.  But I am glad to see he got around you and captured your heart.”
Anna clasped her hands to her heart “That he has.”
“And children?”
“We haven’t decided yet.  He would make a great father but he doesn’t see that.”
“Why not?”
“Because his sister’s husband Nick, is great with kids and was wonderful with Jimmy.  David was too, but he thinks he isn’t up to the task as well as Nick.”
“That is a surprise.  He seems so self-confident.”
“He is in everything except our relationship and being a father.”
“And you?  What do you want to do about children?”
“I’m not sure.  Having Jimmy for that short time was tough and I’m not sure I could watch another child suffer.  Would I be a better mother than my mother?”
“Just asking that question makes you a better mother.  Your mother wouldn’t ever ask that.”
“Enough about me, how are you doing?”
“I’m okay.  I miss you around here.”
Anna smiled at the woman who had loved her as her own child.


David walked along with Peter as Peter described the operations and showed David some of his champion bulls.  David’s talked about the similarities between their two operations.  
“You know they were going to talk about you, don’t you?” Peter asked David
“I figured as much.  But that’s okay, I need to talk about her too.”
“Really.  Why?”
“I want to ask your permission to marry her.  She means everything to me.  I love her and want to marry her as soon as I can get her down the aisle.  Do we have your blessing?”
“Wow, I didn’t think I’d ever hear that in relation to Anna.  I wanted to for her sake, but she kept saying it would never happen.”
“I got around her fears and captured her.” David said laughing
“I’m glad.  She wasn’t a child of our blood, but she is the child of our heart.  We love her very much.  I am pleased to give you my blessing.”
“Thank you.  I have a special proposal planned in a few weeks but don’t spoil my surprise.”
“I won’t.  I’ll tell Candace but she won’t tell either.”
“Thank you for rescuing her for me.  I need her.”
“She really hasn’t told you who her parents are?”
“No.  She thinks I’ll do something to them.”
“Would you?”
“I’d like to promise her that I wouldn’t, but sometimes when I think of what they did to her…”
“Did she tell you she has them watched without their knowledge?”
“Yes, I told her to tell me who that was but she wouldn’t do that either.”
“It is someone I know and trust implicitly.  He keeps them under constant watch.  He has some unique gifts and you didn’t hear this from me, but he has their phone tapped.  He has their mail reviewed.  He has their house wired with surveillance cameras.  They are watched very carefully.”
“Wow.  Are they that much of a threat?”
“Yes.  I shouldn’t tell you this, she is going to kill me but you need to know.  As her father was led from the courtroom at his trial, he looked at her and said “you will always belong to me and I’ll find you again”.  I won’t let that happen.”
“I won’t ask you to betray her confidence.  But if I ever need to do anything about this situation, please let me know.”
“I promise.”


Later that night, David found himself alone with Candace and Peter while Anna took a call from her answering service.  
“Peter told me.” Candace whispered 
“And do we have your blessing too?”
“Absolutely.  Take care of my sweetheart.”
“I promise that I will.  She is my everything.  My family loves her too.  We hope you can come to Arizona to see us.”
“We would love too.” Candace beamed  “Did you get a good look at Peter’s babies?”
“Yes.  They are some beauties.  You’ll like my babies too.” David beamed
“I need to talk to you about that.” Peter said
“Okay.”
“I need about ten new horses for around here.”
“Sure.  What are you going to have them do?”
“A couple of them will be for pleasure.  I need a new horse for myself and so does my wrangler.  But the rest of them will be for working with livestock.”
“I’ll send you some pictures and then when you come for the wedding, we will get you lined out with some good ones.”
“When is the wedding?” 
“As soon as I can get it planned.” David answered
“You are planning the wedding?” Candace gasped
“We bet on it and she is going to lose so yes, I’m planning the wedding.”
“You bet on your wedding?” asked Candace as Anna walked back into the room
“No.  We bet on whether or not he asks me to marry him.” Anna answered
“What?  That doesn’t make any sense.” Peter frowned
“It did at the time.  I was sure he would change his mind about asking me and he was sure he wouldn’t.  Our bet was, if I was right, I said “I told you so” and walk away.  And if he wins, he gets to pick out my wedding dress.”
“But the groom is not supposed to see the dress before the wedding.” Candace frowned
“Not this time.  I have several styles picked out already but we haven’t gone to the store to try them on yet.”
“Why haven’t I heard about this before now?” asked Peter
“He hasn’t asked yet, he could still change his mind.  Then I would win the bet” Anna answered smiling at David
“I’m thinking of doing that any minute now.” David smirked
“I knew it.  See, I win.” 
“You two are nuts.  You are also perfect for each other.” Peter said laughing
“I think so too.” David agreed
“I think you are nuts too.” Anna joked
“Hey.” David exclaimed 
“I’m kidding.  I love you.” Anna said kissing him


That night as David and Anna lay in the bed at the guest house, David held her close.  “I really like them.”
“And they really like you.  I knew you all would get along.  And I knew you and Peter would have lots to talk about.”
“We are going to do some business too.  He wants some new horses.”
“That’s good.  Are they going to come to the ranch?”
“Yes, they will come for the wedding won’t they?”
“I would assume so.”
“Anna, you have been keeping another secret from me.” David said forcefully
“I have?”
“About how big a threat your father is?”
“Peter told you that.  What else did he tell you?”
“He didn’t tell me any names just that your father threatened you.”
“Yes, he did as he was led away in handcuffs.  The judge heard it and immediately gave a restraining order and added to their sentence of lifetime probation.”
“I’m glad of that.  And I didn’t coerce your Peter to tell me this information.  And I promised him I wouldn’t ask him to break your confidence unless I needed to handle this situation.  But if it comes to that, I really expect you to tell me first.”
“I promise you that I will.  I really am doing this for your sake.  I need you.”
“And I need you.”
David lowered his head and touched his lips to hers.  Anna wrapped her arms around his neck and kept him close.  David teased her lips open and captured her tongue.  He dueled with her until they were both breathless.   “Anna, this isn’t a good idea.  I want you badly.”
“Then take what you want.”
“Not until we are married.”
“Why?”
“Because I want it to be special for us.  A wedding night of love and passion you could not even imagine; when you know beyond all doubt that I love you and want to be with you for the rest of my life.”
“How did you know?”
“That you still had doubts?”
“Yes” she said hiding her face from him
“Because you still don’t want me to look at your body.  You still worry about your scars and how I see them.”
“Am I doing better?”
“Yes, you are.  Sweetheart, it is okay if it takes some time.  A few weeks are not enough time for you to get over years of self-doubts.  I know that and I am willing to wait to put a wedding ring on your finger.”
“You are?”
“No, not really.  I’d marry you tomorrow if I could.  But for your benefit and peace of mind I’ll wait.”
“Maybe waiting isn’t the answer either.  Maybe I need that wedding ring?”
“Do you really mean that?” he asked unsure
“Yes, I believe I do.”
“Anna” he started “I want you to think about that for a couple of weeks.  Remember our agreement, when you can see yourself as a beautiful, dazzling, amazing woman then I’ll marry you.”
“I remember.  I’ll think about it but I know this much; I know you are a wonderful man and I’d be so blessed to be your wife.”
David wrapped his arms around her tight and kissed her deeply.  David rolled them over and hid his face in her shoulder so she couldn’t see how much her words had affected him, but she knew anyway.  “Oh David.” She said hugging him.  “I love you.”
“How do you read me so well?” he asked still hiding
“Because you don’t hide like some men do.  You allow your feelings and emotions, whatever they are, to be seen.  You are confident enough to let me see the real you.  Emotions frighten most males.”
“They just make me seem like a wimp.” He said finally looking at her.
“Hardly” Anna declared “There never will be anything wimpy about you.  You have feelings; you aren’t a robot with no emotion.  I love it.”
“It’s a good thing you do, you have seen them more than anyone else ever has.”
“Good.  Keep on trusting me with them.”
“I will.” He said rolling over to snuggle in the covers “Good night my sweetheart.”
“Good night, my David.”


Sunday morning, David was talking to Candace in the kitchen of the Brown’s home while Peter and Anna were discussing her parents.  David had wanted to hear their discussion but knew she wouldn’t want that.
“It’s killing you not hearing what they are talking about isn’t it?”
“Yes.  I want to know how to protect her and what to protect her from.”
“David, Peter has a special forces military background.  He has some unique friends and he would never let anything happen to our sweetheart Anna.  She is such a joy to us and we love her as if she was born to us.  Trust him.”
“I will.”
“Good.  Now while they are gone, we can have a talk.”
“About what?”
“First of all, I have something for you to give to Anna.” Candace handed him a jewelry box.  “Go ahead open it.” 
David opened it and found a beautiful diamond and ruby bracelet.  “It’s beautiful.”
“It belonged to Peter’s mother, Camille.  Camille loved Anna and Anna loved Camille.  Camille would love it if you would give that to Anna as her “something old” item.”
“Wouldn’t you like to give it to her when you are with her on her wedding day?”
“No, I would rather you give it to her at your proposal in addition to a ring as a reminder to show her that Camille loved her and valued her.  Show her that her family treasures her and is giving you our treasure.”
“Thank you Candace.  I will treasure her always.”
“I can already see that you do.”
David had the chance to put the bracelet in his suitcase before Peter and Anna joined them again.  “I’m very proud of you.” Anna said as she kissed David.
“Why?”
“You didn’t eavesdrop on us.  And you didn’t ask to hear what he told me.”
“I promised you I wouldn’t unless it is necessary.”
“Well, I’ll tell you anyway.  They seem to be behaving.  They looked so miserable though, alcohol and drugs have destroyed them.”
“And how do you feel about that?” David asked concerned
“They had their chances to make it right and make a better life for themselves.  It is their own fault and it has no affect on me at all.  They are their own worst enemies and need to own up to their own mistakes and suffer the consequences if necessary.”
“They didn’t do that in prison?”
“Hardly” scoffed Peter “They insisted throughout their trial that they hadn’t really hurt her all those years.  And their prison sentence was less than two years.”
David’s jaw dropped at Peter’s statement.  
“Let’s talk about something else.” Anna stated  “When are you going to come to Arizona?”
“Soon” Candace answered “We want to meet David’s family and I need to meet Gabby.  She sounds like my kind of lady.”
“Oh lord” David groaned “I’m doomed.”
Anna patted his hand and nodded her head as the conversation shifted to other topics.  


Chapter 14

David knocked on Anna’s door on a Saturday night about two weeks later.  He was early but he couldn’t wait to see her ball gown for Sarah’s foundation’s gala.
“You are early.” Anna announced as she opened her door.
“I need to help you with any buttons and zippers” he said giving her a quick kiss
“Well, as a matter of fact I will need some assistance with my gown.” She said closing the door after him.  Anna stopped and stared as she took a long look at him.  
“Anna, what’s wrong?”
Anna walked around behind him and looked him over.  David was beginning to be self-conscious at her scrutiny.  “What?” he asked again.
“I’m speechless.  I love the way you look in jeans and boots but honey, this tuxedo is your new wardrobe.  I’m in love.”
“You goof.  Come here.” He said reaching for her and wrapping her up in his arms.  “I’m dying to see your dress.”
“Well, you showed up way early.  I still have to shower.  Sit down and relax, I’ll just be a few minutes.”
David kissed her before letting her go.  He sat down on her couch and watched the news as she showered.  He heard the hair dryer come on in her bathroom so he went to join her.  
“What are you doing?” she asked smiling at him as he stood in the doorway.
“Appreciating the view.” He answered  “I love your long hair.” He moved closer as she turned off the hair dryer.  “When you lie on top of me, your hair caresses my skin.  It drives me crazy.”
“Good, because you drive me crazy with your touches.”
David reached around Anna and untied her robe.  “David, go watch TV.”
“I’m busy.” He said pulling the robe from her shoulders.
“I know but I’m not making much progress with you in here.”
“Ignore me.” he said as he bent over and licked up her spine.
Anna’s shoulder blades clinched as he reached the middle of her back.  “Merciful heavens.  Stop that.”
“I can’t.  You need it.”
“David, Oh lord.” Anna groaned 
David kissed her shoulders as his arms wrapped around her from behind.  “You are so beautiful.  I need to touch you.”
“And I need your touches.” She smiled at him in the mirror.  “But I have to get dressed.  Go wait in there.” She said pointing to the bedroom
“Okay” he pouted as he turned to leave
Anna grabbed his hand and stopped him.  “Later, you can touch me all you want.”
“Count on it.” He said kissing her quickly
Anna let go of him and turned to finish her makeup.  She walked into the bedroom a few moments later and went to the lingerie dresser to retrieve the items she needed.  David watched her closely as she drew the thigh high hose on to attach to the garter belt she had already donned.  
“You are making me so nervous with that look.” She said without looking at him
“I’m just dreaming of later when I get to remove those stockings.”
“Don’t.  I can’t take it right now, I’m so nervous.”
“Why?”
“I’m about to wear a ball gown for the first time ever and be the date of an extremely handsome gentlemen at a gala filled with celebrities.”
“You are going to be the most beautiful woman there.”  Anna looked skeptically at him.  “Don’t you dare me to prove you wrong.” He said at her skeptical look.
“I’m not.” She said going to her closet to remove her gown.  Anna stepped into the gown as she kept her back to David.  He stepped up behind her and zipped the zipper for her.  Anna turned around slowly but didn’t look at him.
David reached out gently and cupped her chin so she would look at him.  “You look dazzling.  I love this dress.” 
“Thank you” she smiled shyly.  “I hoped you would.”  Anna’s gown was a black strapless gown with rhinestone ornament between her breasts.  Anna handed him her necklace and he fastened it around her neck as she put her earrings in.  
“Anna, sweetheart, you could wear a paper bag and I would still love you.  This dress is beautiful, but you are dazzling.” David turned her to the full length mirror on the bedroom door. “You are glowing.”
Anna looked at herself and smiled.  “Thank you.  We clean up pretty good.” She said 
“Come on beautiful, the limousine will be here any moment.”
Anna went to the closet and retrieved her shoes.  They were walking to the living room when there was a knock at her front door.  David opened the door to the driver of the limousine and escorted Anna out.  The driver opened the rear door of the car and David assisted Anna into the vehicle.  As soon as David was in the driver closed the door and moved to take his seat in the front.
The privacy window was up so David lifted Anna’s hand and kissed it.  “I almost wish this ball was over so I could have you all to myself.”
“No way bud.  I went through the trauma of shopping for this dress; we are going to this event.”
“I would have gone shopping with you.” 
“I know.  Lindsay and Sarah offered too, but with my crazy schedule I didn’t know when I would be able to schedule time so I went on the spur of the moment.”
The limousine pulled up in front of the Chambers Hotel a few moments later and David alighted from the car after the hotel guard opened the door.  He turned to assist Anna again and led her into the hotel.
“This hotel is gorgeous.” She said as she looked around.  “Dalton knows his decorating.”
“Yes, he does.  I was thinking this would be a great place for a wedding.  Dalton and Sarah got married here.  What do you think?”
“We wouldn’t have to go far to get to the honeymoon.”
“Just wedding night, we have to decide on a honeymoon destination.”
“Maybe we should decide on a wedding first.” She said as they reached the ballroom and presented their invitation.  The greeters escorted them to the receiving line.
“Anna, you look spectacular.” CeCe gushed “I love your gown.”
“Thank you CeCe but you are the one who looks spectacular.”
“CeCe is right sister, you do look spectacular.” added Sarah from her place in the receiving line.  Anna hugged her and told her she looked amazing.  David kissed Sarah and he and Anna moved on to the auction items.
Anna and David place a bid on the trip to Paris and then went to find their table in the ballroom.  “Anna, you are glowing.” Lindsay said as she moved to hug her.  “So are you.” returned Anna.  “This is an amazing setup she had created.  A fantasy come true.”
“She works extremely hard to dazzle people so they will want to contribute to her cause.” Dalton said as they were seated.  “She worries me to death that all this is too much for her.”
“And she probably tells you not to worry and tells you she is fine.” Anna said knowingly
Dalton nodded.  “This year is so much better than last year.”
“Why?” asked Anna
“Because last year she was avoiding me but I didn’t know it.  This year she is mine!” he said looking at her at the front table with CeCe and Greg.
“Down boy.” Nick laughed “She’ll be done with her duties soon and then you can finally dance with her.”
“She promised one dance at least.  She is really busy on this night.  I’ll live with one dance.”
The dinner was served and a decadent dessert was being enjoyed when Greg stepped to the podium to welcome the guests.  After his introduction, Sarah stepped to the podium for her speech.
“Thank you for coming to the 2nd Annual HQ Service Foundation Gala.  We have had an amazing year.  Your generous contributions have helped us help so many people.  I have so many people to thank for the success of the foundation.  I would like to thank my staff for using their skills and talents on my behalf.” Sarah motioned for her staff to rise.  “And I would like to thank my wonderful supportive husband and my wonderful supportive family.” She said motioning to their table.  “I couldn’t do this without you.” She said holding her hand to her heart.  Dalton answered with the same gesture.
Sarah queued the video and sat down while it played.  After it finished, she told of the auction items and to watch for the winning bids.  “Please enjoy the rest of your evening.”
Dalton was on his feet to applaud her and take her hand for a dance.  “You were just as mesmerizing as last year.” He said as he led her to the dance floor. “But this year I know what I hold in my arms.”
“Don’t make me cry.” She said tearing up
David and Anna, Nick and Lindsay, Gabby and Nathan all joined them on the dance floor.  “Look at your family David” Anna said a few minutes later.  “You are so blessed that all these people belong to you.”
“I know.” He answered looking at his family “And I am so glad you are here with me.”
“Me too.”
“You did good kid.” David said to Sarah as they danced close to Dalton and Sarah
“Thank you David.” She said “I’m glad my whole family is here this year.”
“Uh David?” interrupted Anna
“Yes?”
“Isn’t that your number on the display screen?”
“It is!” he exclaimed “Guess where we are going on our honeymoon.”
“I would guess Paris.” Anna laughed 
“Congratulations David!” Dalton exclaimed “You can tell me how you like the renovations on the hotel there.”
“I will.”  David said as he led Anna to the auction room to pay for their trip  
“You just paid for a trip to your own hotel?” questioned Anna
“It’s a good cause.” David answered nonchalantly
“You are amazing Mr. Matthews.  You are so generous.”
“Nah, I like what she does and I want to support her.”
“David, take the compliment and say thank you.” Anna growled
“Thank you.” He said shyly.
David finished the transaction and then held out his hand to Anna.  “Will you dance with me some more?”
“I’ll dance with you until my feet fall off” She said smiling.  “I love to be held by you.”
“And I love holding you.” He whispered as he folded her into his chest.  “You fit perfectly with me.” 
Anna smiled at him and laid her head on his chest.  “My David.” She said softly
“Always” he answered.


Two weeks later, Anna found herself sitting in a limousine with David’s family as the traveled to downtown Phoenix for a Colby Randall concert.  “Does this family ever have a quiet weekend at home with nothing to do?” she asked
“Rarely” answered Lindsay “we have quiet weekdays mostly.  Our business tends to lend itself to weekend guests.  We have been exceptionally busy with running two businesses out of one ranch.”
“That is good.  Nick’s business is doing well?”
“Yes it is.  I’m full of guests.” He answered.  “I have a waiting list already.”
“That’s fantastic Nick.”
“Thanks Anna.  Your horse is almost ready for you by the way.  I want to watch you work with him one more time before I put you in the saddle.”
“Take your time, she hasn’t picked out her saddle yet anyway.” David answered
“What saddle?” asked Anna
“The saddle we are going to order for you.” answered David.  “You can’t live on a ranch and not have your own saddle.”
They limousine arrived in the underground parking by Colby’s bus a few minutes later.  CeCe and Greg were just arriving also.  “Hi all.” CeCe called out.  
Sarah went to hug CeCe and they all went into see Colby before the show.  Anna, Sarah, Lindsay and CeCe got distracted by talking and didn’t see the short conference that David had with Colby.  Dalton and Nick tried to block Anna from seeing it without being too obvious.  
The Matthews along with CeCe and Greg went to the private suite to watch Colby’s concert.  Anna was enjoying his music and they were all having a great time.  
Between songs, Colby began to tell a story about his next song.  “This next song is for a very special lady here in the audience.  I met this lady a short time ago at a friend’s house.  I was impressed by her courage to overcome a terrible childhood to become a doctor and a foster mother to a terminally ill little boy.  Even though she has lived through something no child should ever have to experience, she has the sweetest personality and greatest gift of touching the lives of others.  She came through the fire and is refined gold.  This song is for you.” He said pointing to their suite.
“Oh my!” exclaimed Anna “What is he doing?”
Colby began to sing a song of gold being refined by the fire.  Anna was touched by his words and the tears began to trickle down her cheeks.  David was holding one hand and CeCe was holding the other.  Lindsay, Sarah and CeCe were all crying as the song ended.  The instruments continued to play as David reached into his pocket and pulled out a jewelry box.
“Anna?” he said capturing her attention as he knelt down in front of her “I love you very much.  You have made my life so much better these last few weeks.  Will you marry me and make my future better too?” he asked holding up an engagement ring for her to see
“Oh David!  I love you very much.  I would be honored to be your wife.” She answered leaning forward to kiss him.  Anna’s tears were flowing as David took the ring from the box and placed it on her finger.  
David took out another box from his pocket and opened it.  “Someone very special to you wants you to know that she treasured you greatly and wants you to have a “something old” to start your life with me.”
“Why does this look familiar?” Anna asked as she held the bracelet of diamonds and rubies.  “I know, it’s Camille’s.” she exclaimed raising her eyes to David who was nodding at her.  “How?” she asked
“Candace gave it to me with a message.  She wanted you to know that you are their treasure.  But she is giving me her treasure, she is giving you to me.”
“I love you!” Anna said 
“I love you!” David exclaimed as he fastened the bracelet on her wrist.  He brought her hands to his lips and kissed them.  “Thank you.”
“I can’t believe you set all this up; and all of you were good at keeping a secret.” Anna said looking at her new family
Everyone came to hug Anna and David as Colby’s song ended.  “Welcome to the family. Congratulations!”  Anna was still trying to absorb the last few minutes as she looked at her fiancé “I’m stunned.” She whispered to David as Colby’s next song started.  She finally took a good look at her ring.  “David, this ring is beautiful.”
“Is it okay I picked it out without you?”
“Yes, absolutely.  It is just what I would have picked out.  What do the wedding rings look like?”
“We can pick them out together.  This ring is not part of a set.  That’s partially why I picked it, we can choose from several different bands that will work with it.”
“David, you are so wonderful.  I love you very much!” she said reaching to hug him.  “I’m so happy.”
“I’m so glad to hear that.  I have wanted this for many weeks, I almost asked you dozens of times.  But I wanted a special memory to go along with the proposal.”
Anna didn’t remember much of the rest of the concert.  She was thinking about her future husband and how much he had changed her life.  I do feel dazzling and beautiful when he looks at me.
After the concert ended, they went backstage again to see Colby.  
“Was he successful?” Colby asked Anna
“Yes.  Thank you for the song.  It was beautiful and it means a great deal to me.”
“It was all true and I’m glad to know you.  And Congratulations.” 
“Thank you for helping me Colby” David said shaking his hand
“You are welcome.  It was my pleasure.”
The Matthews and Anna went back to Stage West after the concert.  It was dark in the limousine and Anna couldn’t see her bracelet, but she was rubbing her hand over it remembering her time with Camille.  David sensed what she was doing and asked Anna about Camille.  “Tell me about her.”
“Your family doesn’t want to hear about her.  I’ll tell you later.” She replied quietly
“Sure, we do.” answered Dalton
No one spoke as they waited for Anna.  “She was beautiful and she was great to me.  When I got out of the hospital, I went to her ranch with Candace and Peter.  Peter was starting to take over the bucking bull business from his father.  We lived there and I had the privilege to spend time with Camille.”
“I was very withdrawn from the trauma I had suffered.  I was also still healing.  Camille would take me on walks and help me to regain my strength.  She didn’t push me to talk but she listened if I needed to talk.  She would listen when I came back from counseling.  The state paid for some counseling, but Camille told them what they could do with the county social services and got me the best counselor money could buy.  I was afraid to get close to her and the Brown’s, but eventually their love and support won me over.”
“Camille, as did the Brown’s, sat through every minute of my parent’s trial.  I wasn’t allowed to and I didn’t want to.  But on the days I testified, they sat in the front row and gave me strength and encouragement through the questioning.”
“After my father’s threat, she talked to me about changing my name.  She also was the one who encouraged me to go away to school.  I loved being with them, but I also needed to be on my own.  I am a little bit independent, in case you hadn’t guessed that already.” Anna joked “Camille encouraged it and actually made it even stronger.  So you can blame her.”
“I might someday.” David said squeezing her hand and kissing her cheek “But right now, I am so grateful to her and the Browns.” 
“Me too.  I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for them.  They treated me so well; I’ll never be able to repay them.”
“That is what Candace wanted me to tell you.  You are their treasure too.”
“I can’t wait until tomorrow so I can talk to them.”
“We will call them first thing in the morning.”
“Thank you.”
“Then we can start on wedding plans.” stated Sarah
“I figured you and David would be done already and all I had to do was pick a dress and show up on the right day.” Anna joked
Nobody laughed at her joke. “No way, you can’t be done already.” 
“David, do I tell her or do you?” asked Sarah
“I’ll wait until she is tied to the chair so she can’t do bodily harm to me” he answered.
“Tell me this instant, David Matthews.”
“Just remember, there are four witnesses who will testify against you.”
“I seriously doubt it” Anna remarked 
“She’s right David.” Dalton sided with Anna
“Turned on by my own family.” David groused
“You’re stalling.  Tell me.” Anna said
“We are home.” David said pointing to the house.  “I’ll tell you later.”
Dalton and Sarah hugged Anna and congratulated her and David before they walked to their house.  Nick and Lindsay did the same as their headed to their wing of the main house.  David and Anna went to his room.
“David” Anna started as they were in his room.
“Okay. Okay.” He smiled “No, it is not already completely planned.  There are plenty of decisions to be made, I have made several already.  I picked out the dress designs and have arranged an appointment for us at a store in Phoenix.”
“When is the appointment?” Anna asked smiling at him
“Tomorrow” he answered
“Tomorrow?  Are they open on Sundays?”
“They are by special appointment.” 
“Okay, enough about weddings for tonight.  I have something to tell you.”
“What?” he asked concerned
Anna took his hand and led him to the couch.  He sat down and she sat on the coffee table so she could face him.  “David Matthews, I am so unbelievably happy that I lost this bet.  I love you so much.  Remember when we had that discussion here in this room about I would marry you when I could see myself reflected in your eyes?”
“Yes” he drawled
“Well, I do.  When you look at me, I feel beautiful and loved.  I used to dream that some wonderful man would look at me as if I was the best thing that ever happened to him.” Anna cupped his face in her hands.  “The only thing that isn’t true when you look at me is that wonderful is not a strong enough word, you are amazing!  Thank you for making that dream and so many other dreams come true.” Anna finished and leaned forward to kiss him.
David pulled her right off the table and into his arms as he kissed her hungrily.  He words had touched him deeply and he had to show her.  He broke the kiss and buried her head in his shoulder.  “Anna, I love you so much.  Your trust in me to show you that your life could be different and your trust in me to show you that you could get married and have a great marriage; has made me into a better man.  I want to be your dream come true.  I’ll do everything in my power to show you what a treasure you are to me.”
“Sweetheart, you already do.” She replied “I feel like a precious gem that you couldn’t bear to part with and have special accommodations to keep it safe.  I feel cosseted.  I look back on these last few weeks and I stand amazed at how my life has changed.  How did I become so blessed to be marrying David Matthews?”
“I wanted it bad enough.” He answered seriously “I wanted it very badly.”
“Oh David!” she cried hugging him as her tears flowed
“Sweetheart, don’t cry.” He said gently
“I have to.  I’m so happy.”
“Me too.  And I’m exhausted.” He said embarrassed “I haven’t slept in a week, planning this proposal.”
“Then let’s go to bed after I asked just one more question.”
“What is your question?”
“When is the wedding?”
“What makes you so sure that I have picked a date?” he stalled
“Because you just avoided answering my question.” She laughed “Tell me.”
“Can you get a month off of work if I give you two months to prepare for it?” he asked sheepishly
“Explain that please.”
“The Browns are coming a little over a week before the wedding so you’ll need that time off to be with them.  And then we have a three week honeymoon.”
“Well, I have a surprise for you also.  I am wrapping up my practice within a month anyway.”
“What? Why?”
“I need to, because I am going to be working one day a week at the clinic here in Peacock.  And the rest of the time, I am going to work for Sarah at her foundation and then for Gabby and Nathan’s foundation.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked smiling
“Because I wanted to surprise you.  I like patients so I will work at the clinic and I’ll be a doctor that makes house-calls for Gabby and Nathan’s foundation.  But I like to talk to people so that is Sarah’s foundation.  But most importantly, I don’t want to be away from you as much as I would need to be to keep my practice.  I kind of like being around you.” She winked
“When do you start all of this and how did all of you keep this from me?”
“Sarah, Gabby and Nathan were sworn to secrecy.  And I will see my last patient next week at the clinic and I am already done at the hospitals.  I will start my work at the clinic here next year.  I don’t exactly need to work either, I have a very generous trust fund from Camille.  I am donating my house to Gabby and Nathan’s foundation when I am not living there anymore.”
“So you can spend lots of time here with me?” he asked hopefully
“Yes, probably more than you will want.  I am going to study, read and take online courses on counseling and cancer in children while you are busy.”
“Is this what you really want?” he asked seriously
“Absolutely.  I want lots of time with you.”
“I’m thrilled about that, but you also like being a doctor.”
“I’ll still be a doctor!  I’m so excited for these changes.  And if we decide to adopt or something, I can be here for our children.”
“I don’t have words to tell you what this means to me.  I knew you would have a hectic schedule and we would have to plan carefully for time together, but I was ready to do that.”
“I know, but I’m not.  After those first two weeks when we didn’t see each other because of my schedule, I knew I couldn’t do that for the rest of my life.  I hope you will like the fact that I will be here so much more.”
“You knew we were going to get married?”
“Yes, I was serious when I asked you to marry me that day.  I knew I had lost that bet the instant I made it.”
“But that day we were fighting, you wanted me to go away forever.”
“Yes, I really did.  I wasn’t thinking very clearly, I shouldn’t have run away from the cabin or Stage West that day.  I wasn’t thinking about the bet or anything else.”
“And maybe you knew I was going to fight hard enough to get you back?”
Anna smiled at him “I’m so glad you didn’t do what I told you to do.”
“I couldn’t.  You always hold my heart, remember?”
“And these changes are the way I hoped would show you that you hold mine.  You are my priority.  Do these changes show you that?”
“Oh my yes!  Thank you.”
“So when is the date of the wedding?” she asked remembering he hadn’t really answered her.
“Eight weeks from yesterday.” 
Anna smiled at him and kissed him “David and Anna Matthews.  I like the sound of that.”
“It’s perfect.” 


Breakfast the next morning was filled with lively conversation.  
“Sarah, you have been keeping secrets.” David stated sternly
“And you haven’t?” she asked laughing at him “Was he surprised?” she asked Anna 
“I was stunned and thrilled.” He answered instead of Anna
“Me too.” Sarah answered “She came to me with this idea and I love it.  No one would be better at it than her.”
“Thanks Sarah.  I am so excited for the changes.”
“So are you moving out here before the wedding?” Dalton asked
“Yes” David answered 
“No” Anna answered “But I’ll be here often enough that you will think so.”
“Good” replied Gabby “We still need to talk.”
“Not about changes to the household we don’t.” answered Anna 
“We will talk later.” Gabby stated stubbornly
“Gabby, Anna’s right.  It isn’t one person who makes changes in the household.  It is all of us.” David stated as his siblings and their mates nodded in support.  “We are a family.”
Gabby reluctantly agreed and the conversation turned to wedding details.  Sarah went to her house and got the book she had been preparing for David.  “Look these over and if you need help, let me know.” She said handing the book to Anna
Anna’s cell phone rang just as she was about to answer Sarah.  She looked at the display and then at David.
“They knew?” she asked.  He nodded as she answered
“Hi” she answered happily
“How are you?” Candace asked
“Engaged, but apparently you already knew that.”
Candace laughed on her end of the call “Yes, we knew he was going to ask you last night, we barely slept we were so excited.”
“Well, I still have a surprise for you.”
“You do?  What is it?” Candace asked.  Anna went on to tell them the news about her career.  
“That is wonderful news Anna.  I’m so excited for you and we will see you in about six weeks.”
“I want to thank you for Camille’s bracelet.  It means a great deal to me.”
“You meant a great deal to her and to us.  We are giving David our greatest treasure to have and to hold.”
Anna was crying at Candace’s words “Thank you” she whispered as David pulled her from her chair to sit on his lap so he could hug her.  “I love you both so much.  I can’t wait to see you.”
“Call me soon about wedding details, I need to go shopping.”
Anna laughed and promised she would as they said their goodbyes.  Anna was wiping the tears as she hugged David.  “Sorry” she said to her new family as she returned to her chair.
“No need to apologize, sweetie.” Gabby stated 
“Where were we?” Anna asked trying to get back to the wedding details.  
“We need to go sweetheart.  Our appointment is in just a little while.”
“Oh, okay.  We will see you all later.” Anna said leaving the table.  


Chapter 15

A little over six weeks later

“Are they here yet?” David asked Anna as she entered his office in the barn
“Yes, we can do down to the airstrip to get them.  The pilot just radioed in.”
David nodded and rose from his chair.  “Let’s go beautiful.” He said hugging her and kissing her.  “I like this seeing you more often business.” He stated as they walked to his car.
Anna wasn’t officially living at Stage West but she was there a lot.  She had moved some things to the ranch but most of it would stay at the house she had donated.  She had wrapped up her work at the clinic and was spending most of her time studying.  Nick had worked with her and Gabriel and now she and David took regular rides together. 
The wedding was in about ten days.  David had relented on seeing which dress she actually chose to wear.  He had made his choices but when she actually picked one she wanted him to be somewhat surprised when she walked down the aisle.  
David and Anna reached the airstrip just as the plane was taxing to a halt.  David went to retrieve their luggage as the door opened and Candace and Peter came out.
“We are so excited to be here.” Candace said hugging Anna “We saw your ranch as we flew over, it is beautiful.”
“Thank you and Welcome.” David answered as Candace hugged him too.
Peter hugged Anna and shook David’s hand then they all loaded up in the car and drove to the main house.
“Welcome!” Gabby exclaimed as they came into the house.  “We are so glad to have you here.”
“Thank you.” answered Candace “I’m so excited to meet you.”
“I guess you already figured out who Gabby was” stated David as he made introductions “This is my brother, Dalton and his wife Sarah.  And this is my sister, Lindsay and her husband Nick.  And Nathan is in the stable and you can meet him later.”
“It wonderful to meet all of you.  Anna talks about you in her emails.”
“And you still came to meet us?” joked Sarah “You are brave.”
Everyone laughed and agreed with Sarah.  The ladies stayed in the house and talked as the men went down to the stables so Peter could begin to pick his horses.  


Anna woke up late the morning of her wedding in the private suite of the Chambers Hotel.  My wedding day, I never thought this day would happen to me.  
Anna picked up her phone and called David
“Hello?” 
“Hi.”
“Who’s this?” he asked seriously
“Who’s this?” she asked incredulously “David, are you okay?”
“Anna?” he asked
“Yes.  What’s wrong?”
“I can’t find my tuxedo.”
“David, it’s too early to get dressed.” She stated “Are you upset about something?”
“I’m late.  The wedding is starting soon.”
“David, listen to me.”
“I’m listening, talk fast.”
“Sit down and take a deep breath.” She instructed
He sat down and she could hear him take a deep breath.  “Again” she repeated and he followed her instructions.  “Now look at the clock beside your bed, what time is it?”
“Ten”
“You have plenty of time.  Just relax.”
“I can’t, I’m late.”
“No, you aren’t.  I’m going to say goodbye sweetheart.  Just take it easy.  I love you.”
David hung up on her.  Anna was laughing as she called Peter.
“Good morning.” He answered
“Hi.  I need a huge favor.”
“Okay.”
“I just talked to David and he is a basket case.  Can you go calm him down and walk him through the rest of the morning?  He thinks he is late for the wedding.”
“That’s because Nick and Dalton told him you moved the wedding up to one pm.”
“I’ll kill them.  Why did he believe them?”
“Because he is a basket case.  He came into the kitchen with his swimsuit on and his boots.  They looked at him and laughed then launched into this tale about the hotel calling and saying they had double booked the room and you had said it was okay to move the wedding up.  I tried to tell him they were joking but he ran from the kitchen.  He was shouting and slamming doors.  He yelled at them to get the car he was late.”
“And what were they doing?”
“Laughing their heads off.  I’ll go talk to him and calm him down.”
“Thank you.  Will you have him call me when he is rational again?”
“Yes. I will.” 
“See you soon.” 
About thirty minutes later, her phone rang and she saw that it was David.
“Hi” she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Sarah and Lindsay are going to be widows.”
“I’ll help you but not today.  Are you doing better now?”
“Yes.  I’m fine now.  All is calm again.  
“Good.  I just wanted to tell you I love you and I’m counting the minutes.”
“Me too.  I’ll see you soon.”


“We are here.” announced Sarah, Lindsay, Gabby and the Browns as the butler let them in the suite a few hours later.
“Hi” she said cheerfully as they all hugged her.  
“Are you getting nervous?” asked Candace
“Only that Dalton and Nick are going to torture him again.” She stated 
“They promised to be good.  They are all in the suite across the hall.” Lindsay swore “But this morning was hysterical.  I couldn’t believe he bought their story.  It is his hotel, why would they change his wedding?”
“I don’t know why he would believe them.  He knew they would try to pull a prank on him, why did he fall for it?”
“Because he is nervous and not thinking clearly.  I’ve never seen him like this.” stated Lindsay
“Don’t tell me anymore, I can’t worry about him too.” She said as the doorbell rang again and the butler let the hairdressers in.  
“Okay, the fun begins.” Sarah said joyfully 


“You look amazing!  Just like I knew you would.” Candace said to Anna as they finished getting her into her dress.  It was a strapless gown with embroidery throughout the bodice.  Her hair was elegantly styled and the tiara style headpiece and veil made her look like a princess.  
“You look gorgeous!” Sarah exclaimed as she and Lindsay entered the room  
“Thank you.” Anna blushed “Since he picked it out, I’ll guess he will like it.”
“He sent this for you.  It is your something new.” Lindsay said handing her a jewelry box.  
Anna opened it and found another stunning diamond choker that went perfectly with her dress.  “Did you all tell him which dress I chose?” she said looking at the necklace
“No, we didn’t know, you didn’t tell us.  He must have guessed.”
Candace helped her fasten the necklace and then handed her a handkerchief embroidered with her initials.  “This is your something blue.”
“And your “something borrowed” is from Lindsay and I” Sarah said as she handed her the guest book for the reception “After your wedding, it will have all the names of the people who attending the weddings of the Matthews’ children.”
“That’s a wonderful idea.” exclaimed Anna
“Hello?” Peter called from the front door
“Come in.” Candace called back
“We will see you downstairs sister.  We will leave the three of you alone for a minute.”
“Thank you.” Anna said as Peter walked into the bedroom and stopped suddenly.  
“I knew you would be beautiful.” He said solemnly
“Will he like it?” Anna asked suddenly becoming nervous
“Didn’t he choose it?” Peter asked grinning at her
“Yes.  Is it time to go?  I need to get this going.”
“First, we have something to tell you.” Peter said taking her hand
“Don’t make me cry.” Anna stated fiercely 
“We love you Anna.  We are so happy that this day came for you.  You are so deserving of every happiness in the world and David deserves the best woman in the world.  Our little girl.  We love you.”
Anna was trying to wipe the tears gently so her makeup wouldn’t smear.  “You both have been so good to me.  I love you.”
“Now, let’s go.” Peter stated 


“Is this really happening?” Anna asked of everyone in the bride’s waiting room.  Everyone smiled at her and nodded.  “He’s actually here and didn’t change his mind?”
“My big brother loves you very much.  I’m surprised you weren’t married weeks ago.”
There was a knock on the door a few minutes later and Gabby stuck her head in.  “The groom has worn out the floor pacing and Dalton and Nick are having a ball laughing at him.  Let’s get this show on the road before the groom comes looking for you.”
Anna nodded and the processional began.  Finally it was just her and Peter standing at the back of the room, Anna was waiting for the door to open to begin her walk.  “Thank you Peter, for everything.  For my life.”
“You are welcome my beautiful daughter.”
The door opened and Anna and Peter began their walk down the aisle.  David was so handsome in his tuxedo and he had the biggest smile on his face.  He took a big breath and almost walked towards her but Dalton stopped him.  “Hold on, she’s coming to you remember.” 
“She’s breathtaking.” David commented to Dalton
“Yes, she is.” Dalton whispered back
Anna reached David and the ceremony began.  As the minister pronounced them husband and wife and instructed David to kiss his bride, he leaned forward and just before he kissed her he whispered “I told you, I always win”. The he wrapped her gently but snugly in his arms and gave her a kiss.  David was still kissing Anna as the crowd clapped and then started to laugh at the length of their kiss.  Anna was crying and laughing as they separated.
David took Anna’s hand and placed it on his arm and walked them back down the aisle to the bride’s waiting room.  The crowd would be escorted to the reception as the pictures were being taken.
“Anna Matthews, you are the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen.” David declared pulling her back into his arms for another kiss.  
“Oh David, I’m so excited I’m shaking.  I just married the most wonderful man I have ever met.” Anna pulled him back down to her for another kiss.  “Were you surprised at which dress I picked?” she asked after another long kiss
“No, this was my favorite.” He answered smugly “I had hoped you would choose this one.”
“Why?”
“Because it is almost as beautiful as you and it shows me that fabulous skin that is all mine to have and to hold for the rest of my life.”
“Don’t make me cry now we have to go do the pictures.” She said turning to open the door again.  
“Wait a minute.” David said stopping her “Anna, I am the happiest, most blessed man at this moment.  I love you and I’m so glad I won the bet.” 
“Me too.” She said kissing him “But I knew you would, you always win.”
David laughed and led them back to the photographer.


“Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Matthews!” the butler said as he opened the suite door for them several hours later.  
“Thank you.” David answered
“Call me if you need something.” He said a few minutes later as he was leaving.
“Finally alone.” Anna sighed as she hugged David.  “My David.” She whispered.
David led her to the couch and sat down.  He leaned his head back on the couch and released a deep sigh.  
“What is wrong?” Anna asked concerned
“Nothing.  I’m just taking a moment to relax and unwind.  I was so worried Dalton and Nick were going to pull another prank on me before the wedding.”
“Speaking of that, why did you fall for the one this morning?  Why would the hotel change your wedding?”
“I wasn’t exactly thinking clearly this morning.” He laughed “It wasn’t pretty.  I was completely taken in by their story.”
“Well, it is over now and we are finally married.”
“Finally?” he asked laughing
“Yes, I’m been anxious for this day since I realized I could be in a normal healthy marriage.  I want you.”
“I thought I was rushing you.”
“No.” she said suggestively  
“Come on.  I’m done relaxing.” He said standing up and swinging her into his arms.  “I have one more surprise for you.”
“I know and I can’t wait.” She leered at him
“Not that.” He laughed walking into the bedroom.  “Go get ready and I’ll be right back.  I’m going to take a quick shower in the other room.”
“Where’s my surprise?”
“In there.” He said pointing at the bathroom.  “I’ll be right back. Take your time.”
“Wait!  You have to help me out of this gown.”
David assisted her with the zipper and then kissed her again.  He rushed to the other room and took a quick shower as Anna walked into the master bath and saw her surprise.  It was a nightgown and robe set of pure silk.  It was pale gold with lots of lace.  
Anna showered quickly and stepped into the nightgown.  He has great taste in clothes. Anna thought as she studied herself in the mirror just before she opened the door to the bedroom.
David was lying on the bed watching for her.  “It is beautiful, David.  You have great taste in clothes.” Anna stated walking to the bed.  
“You look glorious!” he exclaimed as he moved to the side of the bed to stand next to her “Are you nervous?”
“A little.” She answered
“Tell me what you want, my love.”
“I want you to kiss me.” she said wrapping her arms around his neck.  David lowered his head and gave her a gentle kiss.  The moment their lips met the passion exploded and he wrapped her securely in his arms and lifted her off the floor.  His tongued dueled with hers as he held her to him.  
He let her feet back down to the floor and backed her to the bed.  Anna sat down on the edge of the bed and David knelt on the floor in front of her.  “I’m going to kiss and taste every inch of your gorgeous body.  It is all mine and I’m going to enjoy it.” He said greedily as he ran his hands up her legs and then back down.  “You have fabulous legs and I can’t wait to have them wrapped around me as I make you mine.”
“David” Anna groaned as he used his tongue to lick from her ankles to her upper thighs.  Anna pulled him to her for a kiss and lay down pulling him over her.  “Touch me.” she urged
David ran his hands down her body to the hem of the nightgown and gradually worked it up until he could pull it over her head and tossed it to the floor.  “That was in my way.” He said as he stood over her and looked at her naked body.  “I love that.” He murmured 
“What?” she asked
“Your naked body.  Now, it’s time for my treat.” 
“What is your treat?”
“Lie down on your stomach with your head on the pillow and I’ll show you.”
Anna looked confused but did as he instructed.  He knelt down on the bed by her feet.  David gently lifted her foot to his mouth and kissed it.  At his touch, Anna’s leg clenched.  He alternately kissed and licked up her calves and thighs to her buttocks.  At her knees, the touch of his lips started her to squirming.  After he finished one leg, he knelt back by her other foot and treated that leg to the same ministrations.
As he reached her lower back, Anna was moving restlessly beneath his touch.  “David” she groaned but David didn’t stop his assault on her senses.  He kissed the base of her spine at the top of her buttocks then drew his tongue up her spine until he lay completely on top of her and could gently bite her neck and ears.  “You feel and taste grand.”
“You feel wonderful lying on me.”
“Can you feel how much I want you?”
“Yes, I want to see you.” She said trying to turn over
“Easy sweetheart.  We’ll get there.”
“Please!” she pleaded as he nuzzled her neck
David relented and moved to stand beside the bed.  He was looking at Anna as he worked the pajama pants down and off his legs.  
“You are magnificently built, my love.” She said opening her arms to him.  “I need to hold you.” She said motioning him closer with her hands.  David knelt on the bed and moved into her arms.  He rolled over on her and kissed her deeply.  He could feel her fingernails gripping into his back as he sucked on her tongue.  He shuddered with excitement as her hands caressed his back.  
“I love your hands on me.” he stated as he broke the kiss
“I love how you feel.  Your skin, your weight on me.  All of it.” She said moving her legs so he could move closer to her.  “I need you.”
David stared at his beautiful wife “I could look at you forever like this.” 
“And you may never wear clothes again.  I’ll never get enough of you.  Tasting you and touching you.”
“David, you made this time very special for me.  Thank you.”
“Thank you for trusting me with your life.  I’ll cherish you always.” 
“Always” she smiled at him


Seven years later – A little more to the story

“Hi Mama!” Three year-old Micah Cates said to his mama, Lindsay, as he rode in front of his father, Nick on Nick’s horse. 
“Hi sweetie!” A very pregnant Lindsay answered back as she stood next to a pregnant Sarah Matthews.  Both women were due about the same time and were beginning to be miserable in the waiting.  
“Mama” Elizabeth Matthews cried as she saw her mother.  The four year old escaped from her father Dalton and rushed to hug her mama’s leg.  Dalton picked her up so she could hug her mother.  “Hi sweetheart” Dalton said kissing his wife.  “How are you feeling?”
“Tired” she moaned
“And how do you feel, lil sister?”
“Tired” she moaned
“Then why are you two on your feet?” Anna asked and she, David and their three year old twins walked into the stable.  “I told you to take it easy in this heat.” 
“Yes Doctor.” they said in unison.  “And why are you out and about, shouldn’t you be in bed yourself?”
“No, I was cleared by the doctor yesterday.” 
“Lucky you.” Sarah groaned  
“Hi Aunt Lindsay, Hi Aunt Sarah” Natalie Matthews said shyly from her father David’s arms.  Amanda Matthews had already escaped from her mother and run to the railing of the corral with her cousin Elizabeth.
“Hold it right there!” David said sternly to his independent daughter.  “You know the rules.”
“Yes Daddy.” She said smiling 
Anna smiled indulgently as her daughter.  She understood her need to be free and independent.  Natalie and Amanda might be twins but their personalities were completely different.  The girls had been foster children to David and Anna for about six months before they were adopted.  Their mother had died of a drug overdose when the girls were nine months old.  
“Mama, Grandpa said the plane just landed, can we go now?” Five year-old Gabriella asked of her mother, Lindsay.  
“Okay, sweetheart!” Lindsay exclaimed “Tell your father to put your brother down and then you can go.”
Nick rode to the railing and stopped as Dalton reached for his nephew.  “Come here” he said to Micah. 
“Katie here?” Micah asked Dalton
“Yes” Dalton answered laughing
Nick tied his horse to the railing and left the corral.  “Who’s going to meet them?” he asked closing the gate behind Dalton and Micah.  
“Just you.” answered Lindsay “We are going to go clean these children up.” She said grabbing Micah as he rushed by.  
“I got him.” Nathan said as he came closer and Micah reached for him “Thank you” Lindsay sighed  
Nick kissed Lindsay and said he’d be right back.  Sarah walked alongside her husband Dalton and their daughter Elizabeth as they all walked to the main house.  David carried Natalie and pulled Amanda from the barn.  Anna walked slowly behind as she was still sore from her surgery six weeks ago.  Gabriella and Micah walked along with the Grandpa Nathan as Lindsay smiled at her family as they walked to see Grandma Gabby.
Gabby and Nathan had retired but still lived at the ranch and watched over everyone.  The number of inhabitants at Stage West had grown to include five children and two more due any day.  
Anna practically had her own medical practice right at the ranch with all the kids the Matthews’ siblings were now raising.  Sarah’s HQ Service Foundation and Gabby and Nathan’s Hope Foundation kept Anna busy with house calls and the comfort hotline.  
“What’s the matter Lindsay?” David asked as he noticed Lindsay had stopped walking.
She smiled at her big brother “Nothing, I’m just thinking about the changes to the Matthews’ family in the last seven years.  You have two children, I’m soon to have three and Dalton is soon to have two.”
“Actually, I’m soon to have four.” David announced “We got a call this morning and there is a mother who has chosen us to be the adopted parents to her soon to be born twin boys.”
“What?” Dalton exclaimed as he heard David’s announcement.  “More twins?”
“Anna?  How did you keep this quiet?” Sarah asked amazed
“We wanted to be sure before we mentioned it.” She answered happily.  
“That is nine kids that will live on this ranch.” amused Lindsay
“Eleven if you count Katie and Scott who visit as often as possible.” David said.  Katie and Scott were thriving teenagers now.  They were cancer free and still great friends with Nick and the family.  Katie wasn’t Nick’s girlfriend anymore, but Micah had claimed Katie as his girlfriend.  
“Katie here?” Micah called to Lindsay
“Yes I am!” Katie said from behind Lindsay
“Katie!” Micah screamed launching himself at Katie
“Hey squirt.” She said hugging him “How’s my best guy?”
Scott and Katie and their parents greeted everyone as they entered the house.  “Good grief, look at all these kids!” Deena exclaimed.  “What’s in the water at this ranch?”
David smiled at his wife Anna as she walked over to him for a hug, Nick wrapped his arms around Lindsay from behind as Dalton brought Sarah in close for a hug.  “It isn’t in the water, it is in the heart.  Love!” David proclaimed looking at his family.  “Amazing Love!”
###
Thank you for reading this book.  I began writing about five years ago in my mid-forties to capture the stories in my head on paper and thereby removing them from the continuous loop replay in my dreams.  I have read romance novels for nearly thirty years and my writing space in my home contains hundreds of books in boxes and bookshelves and stacks on top of boxes and bookshelves.  I always have one or two books going at one time.  I started writing to please myself and my husband kept up the pressure until I found a way to publish what I had written.  
This is the last part of the Stage West trilogy.  Go back and read Dalton’s and Lindsay’s if you want to know how their love stories began.
Please send your comments to me at mailto:anniepelle53@gmail.com or on Facebook under Annie Pelle.
Coming Soon
Warm Comforts

Missed Signals



Other Published Books
Inspirational Romance
Ministry to the Shepherds

Contemporary Romance
Stage West Series
Stage West Dalton
Stage West Lindsay
Coming Soon
Warm Comforts

Seth is completely convinced that Cori is the bane of his existence in high school.  He torments her and she quietly takes it all in.  But one day she has a surprise for him and he is taken aback.  Once their graduation is over, Cori disappears from their small town and they do not reunite until several years later.  Cori has changed and Seth finds himself wanting this new Cori but when he finds out about her life in the years since high school, will he still be interested?

Sneak Peak

10 years ago
Catesville, Texas
100 miles west of Houston, Texas

Cori Alyssa Lewis walked calmly away from the lunch room at Ridgemont Senior High School.  There was loud laughter following her and just to make their day, Cori acknowledged the insult and the laughter by giving a backwards wave over her shoulder.  She could hear the ring leader Seth Reynolds over everyone else.  He had gone above and beyond today though in his insults and it would make a great addition to her list that she was collecting.  
“Hey wait up” Faith Harris, Cori’s friend said as she ran to catch up with her.  “Why don’t you tell them off?”
“And ruin their good time, never.” Cori returned sarcastically.  “Anyway, it wouldn’t do any good.  We have five days until graduation and then I’m out of the city to go to school two weeks after that.  I’ve listened to their taunts for this long; five more days can’t hurt me.”
“You are nicer about it than I would be.”
“Forget about them.  I will.”
“I just came to tell you that Roger Morgan asked me about you today.  He wanted to know where you were going to school next year.”
“You didn’t tell him, did you?”
“That would be difficult since I don’t even know.”
“I know and I’m sorry about that.  I’ll let you know where I am when I get there.  I don’t want anyone to know before then.”
“I remember.  Anyway, meet me at the car after school and I’ll drive you home.”
“Thanks” Cori said as her friend walked away to her next class.  Cori entered the classroom and prepared for one of the last tests she would ever take in high school. 


Two days before graduation, Cori watched Mr. and Mrs. Reynolds leave the house next door late in the afternoon and decided this was her opportunity.  She was done studying so she had time to focus on this one last item that needed to be taken care of before she left Catesville, Texas.  She took the eight pieces of paper that she had printed off her computer stuffed them in a large envelope and left her bedroom.  
Since no one was at her house, she locked the back door as she left and walked quickly through the backyard to the side yard and slipped into the side yard of the Reynolds’ house next door.  At the back door of the Reynolds’ house she knocked hoping that someone would answer that door instead of the front door.  A short minute after knocking, she heard the doorknob turning and saw the door opening.  
“Hi Cori” Micah Reynolds greeted.
“Hi Micah.  I didn’t know you were home.”
“I just got home today.  Summer break for me too.  And I needed to be here to see Seth graduate.”
“Speaking of Seth, is he home and can I talk to him?”
“He’s here.  I’ll get him.”
“Can you not tell him it is me?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“I’ll wait here.”
Micah disappeared back inside the house and Cori waited anxiously on the porch, she had planned this speech for most of the last two years but she was still so nervous.  
“What are you doing here?” Seth asked surprised at who was visiting him
“Don’t worry; no one will know I darkened your doorstep.”
“So, what do you want?” Seth asked rudely.
“I wanted to give you something.  It is something I’m sure you are going to treasure for a lifetime.”
“From you?  I doubt it.”
“I think you’ll see it the same way as I do - a memento of your years at Ridgemont.” She said handing him the manila envelope.  “That is many of the insults I have heard from you over the last four years.  You are at four hundred and eight-five.  Yes, I wrote them all down and yes that makes me a loser.  You have two days until graduation and then two weeks after that to reach five hundred and then I’ll print you a newer version with the last fifteen.  But then I’ll be gone from this town and you’ll lose your opportunity to insult me ever again.” Cori’s anger was beginning to show.  “But know this, Seth Reynolds; someday you may own this whole town, this whole county and this whole state.  You may even be the President of the United States.  I will even have to call you Mr. President but I believe you are going to need me for something and I’m going to remember you and your five hundred insults and then I’m, unless it involves saving the life of someone you love, I’m going to get to turn and walk away.  And unlike this time where I’m doing it in private where only you and I know about it, the next time I really hope it is public so you can be as embarrassed as I’ve been for four plus years.”  Cori turned and walked away from Seth.  “Just remember you are working on a deadline…” she said as she disappeared around the corner of the house.  
Seth stood shocked on his back porch and pulled out the list from the envelope.  She really had numbered the insults and there were four hundred and eighty-five.  He opened his back door and slipped into the kitchen.  
“Way to go Cori” Micah said as Seth entered. “She has more class than you’ll ever have but she should have done that in public so all your friends could have heard it too.”  
“She’s nothing and she’s wrong.” Seth said angrily.  “What would I ever need her for?  It will never happen.  She’s a loser just like she said.”
“I want you to remember a saying Never say Never.” Micah returned.  Seth left the kitchen after giving Micah a dirty look.  Micah’s laughter followed him upstairs to his room.  
Two and a half weeks later, Seth’s mother handed him another manila envelope and inside was a revised Cori’s insult list and a note.  I’m really disappointed in you Seth; you only made it to four hundred and ninety.  Love, Cori.  Seth swore at her note and threw the whole package on his bed as he left the room to go swimming.  
