STAGE WEST
DALTON

By
Annie Pelle

SMASHWORDS EDITION

******

Published by
Annie Pelle at Smashwords

STAGE WEST  DALTON
Copyright 2012 by Annie Pelle

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return toSmashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is book one of the Stage West series.  The second and third stories will be published shortly.  Thank you and I hope you enjoy the series.

Chapter 1

Graduation Day 
Meadow University


As she watched her best friend Lindsay walk across the platform to receive her degree, Sarah wondered what was in their futures.  Sarah’s degree was in Corporate Management and Lindsay had graduated with a degree in Ranch Management.  We are done, we made it to graduation.  We are going home! Sarah thought to herself.  Well, Lindsay is going home and I am going to visit her home for a couple of days.  
David, Dalton, Lindsay and Sarah arrived at Stage West after the graduation ceremonies.  The view from the plane as it is circles the ranch is breathtaking.  The house is a multi-wing style building that affords the siblings some privacy.  The property surrounding the house is lush and filled with desert landscapes.  There are several outbuildings including multiple barns, an exercise corral for the horses to be trained and a corral for the injured livestock to heal. Sarah loved the ranch almost as much as the Matthews.  She had visited there many times since their freshman year in college.  
Lindsay’s family ranch, Stage West, is in the ranching community of Peacock, Arizona.  The holdings of the ranch were vast and varied, including livestock, real estate, and breeding programs.  The ranch had been in the Matthews family for many generations and was now being managed by Lindsay’s two brothers.  David manages the daily operations of the ranch and Dalton manages the businesses that had grown from the family ranch as well as any other holdings the family might acquire.  Lindsay is going to take over some of the daily business at the ranch so that David would have more time with the breeding program.  Sarah had known Lindsay since their first day at Meadow University.  They were roommates their freshman year and had been best friends since then.  
Sarah’s task was to now find a job and get established.  Her dream job would be a personal assistant to a top executive but as a fresh graduate she supposed she would have to work her way up to that dream position.
“Shouldn’t we have a party to celebrate our graduation?” Lindsay asked.  David laughed and then turned to Sarah and asked “Do you think you need a party to celebrate your graduation?”  
“No” Sarah replied, “I am just glad to be done, that is my celebration.”  
Lindsay frowned but agreed.  “Anyway, Dalton’s birthday is coming soon and we have to have big party then” Dalton grimaced at that thought.  
As they arrived at the house, Gabby greeted them with a smile and hug of congratulations.  “Sarah, I am so glad to see you again.”  Gabby was the Matthews longtime housekeeper, cook and general in charge of the household.  She had been with the Matthews since Lindsay was a child and helped the siblings when their parents died.  Gabby had “adopted” Sarah the first time she had come home from college with Lindsay.  Gabby’s husband, Nathan, was the horse wrangler and their sons, Nick, Travis and Colin work in various capacities at the ranch and at Matthews International.  Nick helped David with the ranch’s breeding program and he was also Dalton’s best friend since childhood.  Travis the computer genius and headed the IT team at Matthews.  Colin was in his last year of training to be a veterinarian.  
Gabby sent everyone to freshen up from the trip and then told the travelers to come to the dining room for a special dinner to celebrate two new college graduates.  As they ate that night, David and Lindsay started discussing the ranch business that Lindsay would begin assuming.  Dalton barely sat down at the table before his cell phone rang and he had to go attend to Matthews International business.  Sarah was so relieved to be done with school that she enjoyed the fact that she didn’t have to rush to finish studying for any courses.  School was tough for Sarah, she got good grades but she worked hard for them.  Lindsay got good grades but school was easier for her.  
The day had been a busy one so Sarah excused herself to head to her room to go to bed.  She could hear the family talking as she prepared to go to sleep.  It was enjoyable listening to them and was slightly envious that she had not had any brothers and sisters.  Sarah’s only remaining relatives were an aunt and uncle in Tucson.  They were not a real close family but they did keep in contact. 
Sarah would leave Stage West the day after tomorrow.  Thanks to Gabby’s nephew, John, she had an apartment in Phoenix.  Gabby and Sarah had picked out household items during spring break and they were already in the apartment.  Sarah was ready to get started on her dreams.  


The next morning Sarah awoke earlier than Lindsay so she went to the kitchen to spend time with Gabby.
  “Good morning, Gabby” Sarah said arriving in the kitchen.
  “Good morning, Sarah” Gabby replied.  “What would you like for breakfast?  I made my special cinnamon rolls”
Sarah’s eye widened at the thought “Gabby, your rolls are the best, bring me two.”  
“How is Nathan, I didn’t see him last night?”  Sarah asked.  Gabby went to dish up the rolls. “Oh you know, there are always things that need to be dealt with.  Last night, one of his “girls” was due to have her foal.  He never misses one of those.  There is a staff of people here but Nathan is always there.  He told me to tell you to come on down and see his new beauty.”  
Sarah exclaimed “I can’t wait to see her.  It has been a long time since I saw one of his babies”  
After taking a few bites of the cinnamon roll, Sarah spoke again “Gabby, Thank you for getting my apartment ready for me.  It will be nice to have everything unpacked except my clothes when I get there tomorrow.  I need to start my job search right away and not having to unpack will help me find a job that much faster.”  
“It was my pleasure Sarah.  I wish you would stay a few more days.  When you get a job you will be too busy to come see me.  I won’t be able to take care of you in Phoenix. “Gabby grumbled.  
Sarah smiled at the woman who had “adopted” her.  “Gabby, I am not a Matthew’s family member and I am not your family, but you have always treated me as such.  I may not be here at the ranch but I will always need you to take care of me.  I will keep in contact with you.  You have my address and phone number and now that Travis has you set up with email; we can keep in contact that way also. And Lindsay and I are best friends; I will be back to the ranch occasionally.” 
“I know Sarah, but it isn’t the same as taking care of you every day.  You are one of my kids too.” Gabby responded.  Sarah’s smile to Gabby was filled with great affection.  “Now, you better get down seeing Nathan’s baby before he calls to check up on whether or not I told you to come to the barn.  Ask Nick or one of the hands to saddle you a horse so you can take ride while the temperature is cooler too.  Shoo, get going.”  Gabby rushed Sarah out the kitchen door.  
As Sarah walked to the barn where the foal was, she had to laugh at Gabby.  She had David, Dalton and Lindsay along with her family to look after and she was wanted to add me to the list.  Sarah appreciated it very much.  
The barn for the mares and their foals was the closest to the house and it was fabulous.  It was state of the art in breeding of mares.  Nathan spotted Sarah when she arrived at the barn and came rushing to get her.  “I was afraid that old woman would keep you in the kitchen in a gabfest and you would not be able to escape to come see my new baby.” Nathan said as he scrambled Sarah along the rows of mares.  
“It is good to see you to Nathan” Sarah laughed.  “Yes, Gabby mentioned right away that I should come to the barn, but I had to talk to her for a few minutes.  She has been wonderful to help me with my apartment and I wanted to let her know how much I appreciate her help”  
Nathan waved her comments away, “She lives to take care of people, and it is her gift.  The Matthews kids are all settled in at the house and her boys are nearby but you are not and she needs to see to that also.”  
“Hey Sarah” Nick called from down the row.  “Dad is dragging you to see his baby” 
Sarah laughed in reply.  “How are you Nick? I am glad to see you again.  I would stop to talk to you but someone is insisting that I see his new beauty.”  
Finally Sarah reached the mare and Nathan’s new baby.  Nathan slid open the door and motioned her in with him to see the mare and the foal up close.  Nathan’s new baby was beautiful.  She had a dark coat and white spot on her face and she was feeding with her mama.  “Oh Nathan!  She is gorgeous.  What did you name her?  Sarah exclaimed.  
“Her name hasn’t been chosen yet?” remarked David who had come in to join them.  “Nathan thought you should have do the honors”  
“Nathan, why me?”  
“Because she is a beauty like you, and she needs you to name her” Nathan said.
Sarah blushed and had to laugh at herself.  A beauty? Me.  “And David, you agree that I should name her, why don’t you give her a name?” Sarah asked looking confused.
David laughed.  “I have at least 10 other foals that will be coming soon, I think I will have plenty of chances to pick out a name.  This one is yours to pick.”  
“Okay, well.  I have never given a name to a horse before but I will pick the name to be Star Dancer, what do you think of that?” Sarah asked David and Nathan.  As they exchanged looks Sarah moved to the mare.  Her name was Destiny Star and her filly was just as beautiful as she was.  
“It is a great name” Nick said as he came to the group that was gathered around.  “Keeps it in the family, so to speak.”  David and Nathan agreed.  “Okay, Sarah, we will register her as Star Dancer in your honor”  
“Now we need to leave these two beauties alone so mama can get some time in to take care of her baby.”  David confirmed as we all left the stall.
“Hey Dalton, did you come to see Nathan’s new baby?” David questioned the newcomer to the barn.  
“Nathan has a new baby, wow what a surprise!”  Dalton remarked sarcastically, “I would have never guessed why you all were gathered around in a barn.”  
Nathan grinned and grumbled at the same time.  “Smart mouth.  My new baby is now officially named Star Dancer thanks to this beauty” Nathan pointed to Sarah indicating she had named the new foal.  “We may make a rancher out of her yet, and then she can stick around”  
Sarah laughed and missed the look on Dalton’s face.  Dalton swallowed a groan and thought to himself.  Sarah, a beauty?  Never going to happen.  She was plain and that would never change.  And why would we want her to stick around she wouldn’t fit in here.
“David, you can place the order for the new equipment.”  Dalton commented as he headed for the house.  “Your dreams are coming true big brother.  Congratulations!  Stage West is the best breeding program in the country and now it is going to be even better.  I’d love to stick around and be lazy like the rest of you but some of us really do work.” 
“David, why didn’t you drown him at birth and save us all a lot of aggravation” Nick questioned.  
Sarah grinned at Nick then commented “What a best friend you are?”  
Nick just laughed.
“On a different note, Nick, your mom said you would saddle me a horse so I could take a ride before lunch?” Sarah asked
“Sure, follow me and I’ll get you started.” Nick replied still puzzled at the look on Dalton’s face a few moments ago.  
“Sarah, did you think Dalton acted a bit odd just then?”  
“No, why?”
“Just curious, maybe he had some business on his mind”  


Several minutes later Nick brought Sarah her horse, Copper, and explained to her the communications equipment.  No one rode at Stage West without some way to contact a person on the ranch in-case of an emergency.  “Ok, do you want me to go with you on your ride?  I can take a few minutes for a break if you want company?” 
 “Thanks Nick, but I know you have plenty to do.  I appreciate you getting me set up to ride.  If you see Lindsay, tell her I’ll be back before lunch.”
As Sarah rode off on Copper, she recalled Nathan’s comment about sticking around on the ranch.  That would be great to be with this family all the time but I have no knowledge of ranch business so what would I do here.  No, this would be my place to escape to when I needed a vacation from my future job.
Sarah enjoyed my ride around Stage West, it was big and beautiful and there was plenty to see.  She would miss it living in Phoenix but she would be back often.  


That night Lindsay and Sarah set out by the pool and had a long conversation.  Sarah was going to miss her so much but they would always be friends.  “Sarah, I am going to miss you so much, why don’t you live here with us? We have plenty of room, you can work with me.”  
“Lin… you know that isn’t possible.  I do not have experience at ranching and what would I do, get your coffee?  I will be fine in Phoenix, it isn’t that far away. You will come to see me and I will be back to visit you.”  
The next morning as Sarah was preparing to leave, Gabby confirmed three times that Sarah had her phone number address and email address and that Sarah was to call the minute she got to her apartment.  Lindsay smiled and hugged Gabby. “Okay Mama Gabby, Sarah knows what she is to do.  She will be in contact with us. And I already asked her to come to Dalton’s birthday party and that is only three weeks from now.”  Sarah smiled at Gabby and Lindsay and got in her car.  Last night, Sarah had said her goodbyes to David, Nathan, Nick and all the rest.  David had wished her well and told her to remember where her family lived and that he would see her at Dalton’s birthday party. 


Arriving at her apartment and getting settled was uneventful.  Again Sarah was so thankful to Gabby for getting everything arranged including utilities.  The first thing the next morning Sarah could start her job hunting.  Sarah called the ranch and reported in to Gabby that she had arrived safely and that she did not need to worry about Sarah.


Three weeks later Sarah was back on her way to Stage West for the weekend.  Dalton’s birthday party was going to be on Saturday night.  Sarah was a little nervous about it, it was a “dress up” occasion and she hoped her outfit would be suitable.  Sarah had been so busy that she only had a chance to email Lindsay a picture of it and she approved so it should be good.  Dalton’s party guests would also be business contacts and Sarah was a little nervous about that too.  
The weeks she had been living in Phoenix had been very busy.  She had had several interviews and luckily gotten a job with Davis Enterprises and would start there the week following the party.  Sarah was going to be in an assistant/manager role.  Her responsibilities would be to review the corporate structure and recommend training and changes for personnel.  She was very excited.  Sarah had just received the news of the job and had not even told Lindsay yet.  She couldn’t wait to get to the ranch.  
As Sarah arrived at the ranch, David was just parking his truck in the garage and motioned her that way.  Sarah parked and got out to greet him.  His greeting was a great big hug and a welcome home.  Sarah grabbed her suitcase and left the garage to go the house.  Gabby greeted her with a big hug also and said she had been gone from home too long.  “Gabby, I send you an email everyday there is no way you could have missed me” Gabby grinned and said “It isn’t the same thing as you being home where I can take care of you”.  
“Go put your bag in your room then go see Lindsay in the office, and then both of you come eat.”  Gabby pushed me out of the kitchen.  
Sarah did as instructed by Mama Gabby; she put her suitcase in the room she had designated as hers and went to find Lindsay.  Then she knocked on the office door and heard Lindsay call “Come in” As Sarah entered; Lindsay looked up and rushed to give me a hug.  “Sarah, it is good to have you home.”  
Sarah laughed, “You are the third person who has told me that.  Did you all forget that my home is in Phoenix, not here?” 
“Sarah, this is your home too” Lindsay pointed out.  “You are my best friend and you always have a place here.”  
“Thank you” Sarah replied with tears in her eyes.  “Now, Gabby wants us to come to the kitchen as soon as possible”  Lindsay secret smile was a mile wide “She has been counting the days until you got here and wants to find out all about you.  She will probably put you to work on party arrangements also.”  
As they walked to the kitchen, Lindsay explained “I have some work to do in town tomorrow morning so I leave you to explore the ranch.  Then in the afternoon we will have “girl’s time” as we get ready for the party.  I love the dress you bought.  It is beautiful.  The men at this party are going to flip when they see you in it.”  
That night the ranch was busy with party preparations.  The catering company had brought out some of the equipment that was able to be set up ahead of time.  They would return early on Saturday and set up the rest.  Gabby, Lindsay and Sarah directed catering staff, finished last minute details and visited.  They were so busy that Sarah didn’t have a chance to tell them her news.  She’d tell them on Sunday when they were resting from the party.  
Early the next morning Sarah wandered down to the barns to look at the horses and see how much Star Dancer had grown in three weeks.  The barn was practically deserted excepted for the much loved horses.  As she roamed the stable, she reflected on how much she loved being with the Matthews family and how accepting they were of her.  Star Dancer and Destiny Star had been moved to the far row of stalls. Sarah still had not seen any of the ranch hands but as she stood there admiring Star Dancer; she heard Dalton and Nick enter the barn.  
Nick asked Dalton “Are you looking forward to the party tonight?”  
Dalton replied “Yes, I think it is a great excuse to show off more about Matthews International to prospective clients.  There are going to be some stock breeders here, it should be a great time. Except Lindsay invited Sarah to the party.  I couldn’t believe it, she didn’t tell me until it was too late.  I didn’t want her to be there.”  
Nick was stunned “Why not?”  
Dalton looked exasperated “Are you kidding me? Come on Nick, she isn’t family, why should she be here? She doesn’t belong at this party, she isn’t pretty, she won’t dress right, and she’s an embarrassment.  Birthday parties are for people that are your friends and you want to be around them.  Sarah doesn’t qualify for that at all.  If I never saw her again, it would be fine with me.  Maybe she will get sick and can’t come.  Look I have got to run, see you at the party.”  
Nick stammered to correct Dalton that Sarah was already at the ranch but Dalton was gone before he could say anything.  Nick recalled Dalton’s expression that day that Sarah had been in the barn to name Star Dancer, now it made more sense.  How could Dalton not like Sarah? Nick wondered.  
Sarah had heard it all though and was devastated at what she had heard.  Silent tears were rolling down her cheeks as she hung her head in misery.  I have to get back to the house without anyone seeing me she thought I am glad the stable is almost deserted now.  She hurried back to the house and used the back stairs to get to her room.  Her room, Sarah laughed sadly, not anymore.  Sarah rushed to get her belongings back into her suitcase.  
Thankfully the catering trucks had arrived and Gabby was busy with them so Sarah could make it to her car unobserved.  Sarah drove rapidly away from Stage West hoping that no one she knew would be coming up the drive way and ask where she was going.  She didn’t have her explanation ready yet.  


Sarah carried her suitcase into her apartment and shut the door.  The pain of the morning came rushing to greet her as she remembered Dalton’s words.  Tears poured down her face and the sobs soon followed.  “I thought all the Matthews were my friends.  Sure, I didn’t know Dalton all that well but I didn’t realize his opinion of me was that bad.” Sarah said to her empty apartment.  As the tears dried up, Sarah tried to come up with an explanation to tell Lindsay of why she left.  Simple is best she thought and went to her phone to send a text to Lindsay.  After sending the text to Lindsay she turned off her cell phone and turned off the ringer on her other phone.  No one could contact her today.  


Lindsay arrived home about thirty minutes later.  Her first stop was her office to finish some last minute work before her and Sarah had their girl time.  Sarah was probably still out on the ranch so Lindsay could finish her work and free up the rest of her weekend.  Dalton arrived in Lindsay’s office a few minutes later to talk to her about some last minute guests he had invited.  After Dalton left, Lindsay went in search of Sarah.  
“Gabby, have you seen Sarah?” Lindsay asked after tracking her down.  “I knocked on her door and she didn’t answer, I assume she is still out riding the ranch.”  
“No” Gabby replied, “I haven’t seen her since breakfast.”  
“Ok, thanks, if you see her tell her I am looking for her.  I am going to start getting ready for the party.” Lindsay replied as she walked back to the house.  As Lindsay walked back towards the house her cell phone beeped with a text message.  

“I went home. Sarah”

Lindsay quickly rushed to Sarah’s room.  It was empty!  As she dialed Sarah’s cell number she ran back to find Gabby.  The call went directly to Sarah’s voice mail.  “CALL ME IMMEDIATELY SARAH” Lindsay cried. “Gabby” she called rushing into the kitchen, “Sarah went home, do you know why?”  
“What?” Gabby cried.  
Lindsay showed Gabby the text message from Sarah.  “I just tried her cell and it went directly to voice mail.  Did something happen while I was gone?”  
Gabby looked confused “I don’t know, I haven’t seen her in a while.  I thought she went down to the barn and then went riding.  Try to find one of the hands to see if Sarah went down there.”  Lindsay rushed off to find the ranch hand on duty at the barn.  
“Seth, was Sarah down here this morning?”  Lindsay asked.  Seth answered “Not that I know of, I was not on duty until just a few minutes ago.  James might know, he was on duty earlier but he has left for the weekend now.”  
“Thanks, Seth” Lindsay cried.  “Is David around?”  
“I am right here, what is wrong Lindsay?” David exclaimed.  Lindsay held out her cell phone with Sarah’s text message on the screen.  
“I’m confused Lindsay, why did Sarah go home?”  David asked in a perplexed tone.  
“I wish I knew.  I have called her cell phone but only got to leave a message” Lindsay said as David pulled her into his arms for a hug.  
“We will figure it out, Lin, I promise.  Maybe she got an emergency call from her relatives in Tucson?  Do you know how to get in touch with them?”  David said as he comforted his sister and tried to imagine what else could have happened.  
“No, David, I never met them and I don’t remember their name.  Why did she go home?  Why?”
“I don’t know but we have to get ready for this party.  It is important and we have to go.  Go get ready and we will figure this out later.  I am sure there is a reasonable explanation.” David hoped.  
Gabby was pacing by the door when David and Lindsay came to the house. “Well, what happened?” she cried.
David answered with a quiet “We don’t know.  We will figure it out later ladies, we have guests arriving soon.  It is important for Matthews International that this party is a success.  This mystery about Sarah is going to have to wait.  Try her cell phone again in a few minutes, Lindsay. Send her a text message back.  Everybody, go get ready!”
Lindsay went to her room and got dressed for the party.  She tried Sarah’s cell phone a dozen more times but like the first call they all went to voice mail.  David knocked on her door to escort her down to the party.  
“Any word from Sarah?” David asked gently.  Lindsay shook her head.  
The first of the party guests began arriving and the night got too busy to worry about what went wrong with her best friend.  Dalton’s birthday party was a great success and much business would be generated because of it.  Lindsay was glad for her brothers but what had happened to Sarah?  She was too tired tonight but she would try to contact Sarah in the morning.
Sunday was a repeat of Saturday. Sarah never returned Lindsay’s calls or text messages.  Lindsay sent an email but that went unanswered also.  However Gabby did receive an email from Sarah that broke her heart.  

Gabby,
I love you dearly and I promise to keep in touch with you.  I went today and got a new cell phone number and I will have a new email address by evening.  I will let you know both of those.  
I will not however keep in touch with any of the Matthews, including Lindsay, and I ask that you only tell Lindsay the following: Sarah sent me an email and wanted me to tell you that she was fine.
Give Lindsay a hug for me; tell her that I love her.  Tell her I am sorry and not to worry about me.
I know, Gabby, that you want me to tell you what happened but I cannot.  It is better if you do not know anything.  I also would like for you to not tell anyone, including Lindsay, what my new phone number and email address are, it is better this way.  
I promise I will keep in contact with you my sweet Mama Gabby, but please do not share with anyone that we are in contact.  

I love you.
Sarah


Chapter 2

5 years later

Sarah Dawson reviewed the last minute details of the HQ Service Foundation gala.  I will be glad to have this over and done, Sarah thought to herself.  “Amy” Sarah called to her assistant, “will you come in here for a minute?”  Amy replied with a quick “on my way” and hustled to the door.  
“I have been reviewing the last minute details for the gala.  Catering, entertainment, items for the silent auction, decorations, guest lists.  Everything looks finished and ready, is it finished and ready?” Sarah asked.  
“Of course it is Sarah, you are an organization wizard.  And with my help and Tyler’s help, we are ready.  It is going to be spectacular.” Amy grinned at her boss.  
Sarah was a great boss, she was fair and she was jewel to work with.  Sarah handled the details of this party like everything else, professionally and with great excellence.  
“We have not missed anything Sarah so relax. With the article in the newspaper generating interest and this gala, we are going to grow this foundation.”  
“I have been so busy with details for the gala, how many phone calls have we received from the newspaper article?”  Sarah asked.  
Amy was glad to give Sarah the report. “The information desk is handling most of the calls and keeping a log of the questions.  From the reports on the log, HQ Service Foundation is going to have many supporters but also quite a few more clients.”
“That is wonderful news” Sarah exclaimed.  “Now it is past quitting time, Amy, go home and enjoy your evening.  See you tomorrow.”  
“Bye Sarah”, Amy called a few minutes later.  
Sarah began to shut down her office for the day.  It has been a great day Sarah thought to herself.  The party is in forty-eight hours and then I have a couple of days off.  Sarah’s phone rang, “Hi Tyler”  
“Hey Sarah, Greg has a visitor and would like for you to come to the office and meet him.  He also wants you to bring an invitation to the gala to give to his visitor and add 2 to the head count.”  
Sarah replied, “I’ll be up to the house in a few minutes with the invitation.  Anything else I should bring?”  
Tyler returned, “No, I have already given him the foundation information.” 
“I am on my way Tyler.”
Sarah pulled out an invitation and headed for the main house on the Davis estate.  The Davis estate was several thousand acres.  There was an Olympic size swimming pool and outdoor hot tub surrounded by a privacy fence.  For recreation there was a stable for the horses but only one horse was housed there at the present time.  They had been talking about acquiring more horses and possibly a race horse.  There was a residence for the housekeeper and groundskeeper who were married.  Sarah’s residence was next to the pool and beside the main house.  The remaining building was the office of the HQ Service Foundation.  
The main house was the home of Greg and CeCe Davis.  Greg was a movie producer and CeCe was an internationally known movie star.  Sarah was the personal assistant to Greg and CeCe Davis.  She handled their lives with the help of Amy and Tyler.  Tyler was working at the main house today so Sarah could finish up the gala preparations.  Greg was the chairman of the board of the HQ Service Foundation but Sarah ran it and was the president.  But since Greg and CeCe had the contacts that the foundation needed and could raise the funds the foundation needed, their name was what people would recognize and relate too in regards to the foundation.  Sarah was always available to help the Davis family.  She loved her job and wouldn’t trade it for anything.  She had her dream job.  
Sarah arrived at Greg’s office and knocked on the door.  “Come in” Greg replied.  Sarah opened the door and went in and saw the man she hoped to never see again.  Greg came forward to introduce Sarah to his guest.  “Sarah, I’d like for you to meet Dalton Matthews from Matthews International.  Dalton, this is my personal assistant Sarah Dawson.”  
Dalton Matthews had not changed in the five years since Sarah had run from Stage West.  He was looking at her with the blue eyes that she had remembered.  He was tall, muscular and still great looking.  The only change was that he was as shocked to see her as she was to see him.  He recovered first and held out his hand to greet her.  “Hello Sarah.”  
“Hello Mr. Matthews” Sarah replied.  Dalton flinched at the formal greeting but Greg was already indicating that everyone should take a seat.  
“As I mentioned, Dalton, CeCe and I put our name on the foundation to bring in the money she needs, but Sarah is the president and the brains behind the foundation.  It was her idea and her talent.  Sarah, Dalton saw the article in the newspaper and contacted me about the foundation.  He wants to attend the gala with his sister Lindsay”  
“That is wonderful news, Greg; we can use all the support we can get.  Here is the invitation, I’ll put your names on the guest list and we will see you at the gala.”  Sarah said and hoped her presence would not be needed any longer at this meeting.  Greg had other items to share with her though.  “Dalton has indicated that he would like to know more about the foundation and how Matthews International can assist you.  Since it is your foundation I suggested that he meet with you to get his information directly instead of through me.”
Dalton spoke “If you give me your contact information, I will have my assistant contact you about a time to meet with you. Maybe after the gala?”
“Yes, after the gala would be best.  Here is my direct contact information; I look forward to speaking to you about the foundation.”  Sarah gave her best professional smile and handed him her business card.  Dalton and Greg quickly concluded their business and the meeting ended.  Sarah saw Dalton out to Tyler and indicated that Tyler would show him out.  
Sarah watched until Dalton left the house and returned to Greg’s office.  “Do you need anything else from me, Greg?”  
“No, I don’t believe so.  What a surprise to have Dalton Matthew’s contact you about the foundation?  He is well known in Arizona and can help you tremendously with his contacts.”  Sarah smiled and replied that he was sure to be a great help.  
“Is CeCe doing okay today?” trying to change the subject from Dalton.  
Greg answered “Sarah, you know that there are some days that are not so good, today is one of them.  She is down for the day.  I’d send you to see her but she was asleep.”
“Bye Greg, I’ll see you tomorrow.  Have CeCe call me if she needs me.”
“Night Sarah, send Tyler home also.”


Sarah started back to her house on the side of the estate.  Dalton Matthews. What was she going to do about that?  She would love to see Lindsay again, but not Dalton.  Hopefully he would become very busy and not have time to attend the gala or contact her regarding the foundation.  As she began to hope, her cell phone rang.  
“Sarah Dawson”
“Hello Sarah its Dalton”
No, No, No, this is not happening 
“Hello, Mr. Matthews, what can I do for you?  Did you need to speak to Greg?”
“Sarah” he growled “I have known you for a long time, why are you being so formal.”
“Mr. Matthews, if you have your assistant contact me tomorrow I can schedule some time to meet with you. I don’t have my calendar in front of me right now.”
“Sarah, I mean it.  Knock off the formal tone with me.”
There was quiet on Sarah’s end of the phone call.
“Sarah?  Sarah, are you there?”
“Yes, Mr. Matthews I am here.”
“Sarah, please talk to me.  I am on my way home; I am going to tell Lindsay that I know where you are and how she can contact you.”
Sarah interrupted “That will be fine Mr. Matthews.  Lindsay is welcome to call me.”
“Sarah, what is the matter with you and don’t call me Mr. Matthews again. You disappeared and now we know where you are and how to contact you.  Where have you been? ”
“I look forward to seeing you at the gala; we hope to raise a considerable amount for the foundation.  I am sorry to cut this phone call short, but I have some things to do that I cannot delay.”
“The only less formal about that sentence what that you didn’t call me “Mr. Matthews” again.  Fine.  You will hear from me again.”
“That would be wonderful, Mr. Matthews.  Have a great evening.” said Sarah as she disconnected the call.  
Dalton threw his cell phone to the empty seat.  “Mr. Matthews”, Sarah’s tone was so formal.  What was going on?  She never treated him that way before.  Where had she been for five years?  And what was he going to tell Lindsay?  She was going to be thrilled; she still mentioned Sarah fairly often and hoped she was doing ok.  She never understood what happened to make Sarah disappear.  
Sarah had reached her house by the end of the call.  She went in and fell to the sofa.  Five years and now Dalton knew how to contact her.  She really hoped Lindsay would call her but she still didn’t know what to tell her about that day.  Lindsay would want an explanation but she couldn’t give her one.  She still couldn’t be her friend.  The problem still was the same as it was five years ago.  Dalton.  And now she was going to have to be professional around him for the sake of the foundation.  
Sarah still talked to Gabby and knew that the Matthews’ family was thriving.  She knew that she put Gabby in a difficult situation by keeping in contact with her but she couldn’t and wouldn’t give up her Mama Gabby.  Gabby and Nathan had come to see her monthly.  They knew how she was and where she was working.  Nathan still sometimes asked her what had happened but Gabby usually told him to mind his own business.  Sarah knew they had not told the Matthews that they kept in contact with her.  Gabby and Nathan were coming to the gala as Sarah’s special guests; she wanted them to see her project.  The three of them had picked out their clothing on their last visit.  Nathan was grumbling about the tux but Gabby was thrilled with her new gown.  They would also spend the night of the gala at the hotel.  


Chapter 3

Dalton arrived at Stage West and went in search of his family, all his family, including Nathan, Gabby and Nick.  Everyone had been concerned when Sarah disappeared, they would want to know now that she had been found.  Dalton remembered the morning after his birthday party.  His sister had been trying to reach Sarah but Sarah had not returned her calls.  Lindsay had been worried and inconsolable.  Gabby had come in that afternoon and taken Lindsay for a walk to tell her that Sarah had sent her and email and given her a message for Lindsay.  The message was brief, “I am okay and do not worry about me.”  Gabby would not say where Sarah was if she even knew.  No one had ever been to Sarah’s apartment so they didn’t know where she lived.  She had disappeared and didn’t want the Matthews family to know why.
“Hey Dalton, why are we having a meeting?” asked David as he, Lindsay, Nathan, Gabby and Nick came into the living room.  “Is there a problem?”
“No, there isn’t a problem.  Do you remember that article in the paper a few days ago about the HQ Service Foundation?”  Dalton looked around the room as his family nodded.  They had all been impressed by the type of foundation.  “Anyway, I went to see the Chairman of the Board of the Foundation today.  He called in the president of the foundation to talk to me.  I was a little puzzled by this but he explained that his name was on the foundation but that the president was the one who ran the whole foundation.  He also explained that the president was also his personal assistant.”  Gabby began to squirm in her seat but Dalton ignored it.  “Sarah Dawson is his personal assistant and the president of the foundation.  She walked in and stopped dead in her tracks when she saw me.  Then proceeded to treat me as if she had never met me before.”
Lindsay was in shock.  Her friend had been found.  The tears started down her cheeks.  She flung herself at Dalton “Please tell me she is okay.  Do you know how to get in touch with her?  Where is she living?”  Dalton hugged his sister and replied “She is fine and yes I have a way to contact her.  I already called her but she just kept calling me “Mr. Matthews” and insisting that my assistant contact her tomorrow.  I told her I was headed home to tell you that I had found her.  She said you could contact her.”  
“Lindsay, what are you going to do?” David asked as he came to his feet.  
“What am I going to do?  I am going to call her of course.  Give me the phone number, Dalton”  
Gabby looked to Nathan for help but he just stared at the floor.  She had to stop this from getting out of hand.  “Lindsay if she is the president of this foundation she is probably in the middle of planning the gala.  Maybe you should just email her and then see her at the gala.  You are going, right Dalton?”  
Dalton replied, “Yes, we have an invitation.”  
“Ok, Mama Gabby, I’ll just email her for now.”  Lindsay replied.  Lindsay raced to her office to write her friend an email.  The rest of the meeting participants remained in the living room but just looked at each other without saying much.
David was the first to comment. “How was she really Dalton? How did she look?”  
Dalton replied, “She looks good and she really is okay I believe.  That calling me “Mr. Matthews” was annoying and unexpected but other than that she is fine.”  After five years to walk into a meeting and come face to face with Lindsay’s lost friend, Dalton was still a little surprised.



Sarah spent her evening trying to relax from her stressful day.  She had some emails to return from clients and tonight was the night to do that.  As she checked her email she noticed one from Lindsay.  She took a deep breath and opened it up.

Sarah,
I can’t believe I finally know how to get in touch with you.  I was going to call but Gabby convinced me to email instead since you are probably busy with party details.  
Dalton and I are definitely coming and I can’t wait to see you.  Then after the party we will be getting together to catch up.
See you Friday
Lindsay

Sarah sat at her computer and cried for all the years she had lost with her friend.  She hoped that someday Lindsay would forgive her.  All these years Sarah’s hope was to be able to figure out something to tell Lindsay without revealing what really happened.  She knew it would be the worst possible thing to come between Lindsay and Dalton.

Sarah replied to Lindsay’s email

Lindsay,
Yes, I am very busy with party details but I am glad to hear you are coming to the gala. It is going to be a great party and silent auction. Tell Dalton to bring his checkbook.
Anyway, I’ll see you Friday
Sarah 

The next email that came in was from Gabby.
Are you okay?  We just had a family meeting and Dalton told us what happened.  We did not say anything about us being in contact with you. 
Dalton kept saying that you called him Mr. Matthews.  He was stilling smarting about that when we left the house.
You know we love you but we don’t understand any of this either.  Why did this happen?

Sarah smiled and replied.

I am fine.  It was a surprise to see Dalton.  I still cannot tell you what happened, it is better if no one knows.  I will see you soon.  Call me when you check into the hotel and I will escape from the last minute rush in the ballroom and come see you.
Sarah

Sarah changed her id over to the foundation’s online support group and started the weekly meeting.  The online support group was just one of the programs at HQ Service Foundation and was for anyone with a chronic illness.  There was a counselor who joined in with the meetings and a MD to help answer questions from the clients.  It was Sarah’s favorite time of the week, no one knew her as the foundation’s leader they only knew her as one of their own.  Sarah could see from her list of participants that everyone was on tonight; that was a great sign.  It meant that everyone felt well enough to participate.  She began on the online chat group “Good evening everyone.  How are you today?  Anyone need to share something specific tonight?  Any medical questions?”
Two hours later Sarah signed off the support group and signed on with the counselor and MD.  “Was there anything that concerned you in tonight’s group?  Any type of follow-up that might need to be done?”  Both doctors replied that every seemed okay to them.  Sarah wrote out her goodbyes and signed off.
Sarah shut down her computer and went to prepare for bed.  Her journal entry today would be memorable; she was in contact with Lindsay again after so many years.  She was glad but afraid also.


Early the next morning, Sarah started her day with her usual swimming routine. Most days, that CeCe was in Phoenix, they exercised together but since CeCe had had a bad day yesterday Sarah didn’t know if she would come to the pool.  Sarah was starting her warm up stretches when CeCe appeared.  
“Good Morning, CeCe.  How are you today?”
“Much better.  You know how it is Sarah, sometimes you just need rest.  Sometimes it is a week off.  This time was just rest.” CeCe entered the water and both women swam through the regular exercise routine before settling down on the patio for a light breakfast.  
“How are you doing Sarah?  Are you getting enough rest and relaxation so that you are ok for the gala?”
“I believe I am, that is one of the reasons I planned things so much in advance.  I knew I could not handle the stress of last minute problems.  Amy and Tyler are also a wonderful help to me.”
CeCe nodded her head in agreement “I love them both also; they are so sweet to me.  They cater to my every need.”
“Well of course, that is what I trained them to do.  But they love their job and they love working for you and Greg.  They have told me it doesn’t seem like a job”
Sarah and CeCe went over CeCe’s schedule and commitments for the next few days to make sure that all the details had been worked out.  CeCe was taking some time off from making films but she still was in demand for public appearances.  Not to mention the last minute details for the gala.
“Sarah, Greg mentioned that Dalton Matthews came to see him yesterday.”
Sarah answered in a professional tone that did not betray her true feelings about Dalton Matthews. “Yes, he says that he wants to help with the foundation.  I am not sure what that means but his assistant is supposed to call me today to set up a time for a meeting.”
“I have always admired Matthews International for the charitable work.  Their organization has grown so much over the last few years.  Dalton has transformed that organization to one of the biggest companies in the state.  And their ranch is supposedly the best horse breeding program in the country.  I would love to see it firsthand.  Even though I cannot ride, I love horses.  I would love to get Greg a new horse to keep here at the estate.  The stable here is almost empty.”
“When Mr. Matthews’ assistant calls me I will ask if you and Greg can go to the ranch and look at a horse to purchase.”
“Thank you, Sarah.  Greg also mentioned that Dalton and his sister Lindsay would be attending the gala.  Maybe we should try to fix you up with Dalton.  I hear he is an eligible bachelor.”
Sarah stifled a groan.  “Don’t you think I have enough to worry about at the gala?  I don’t need to be fixed up!”
“I know Sarah, but sharing a bit of conversation with him wouldn’t hurt you.”  
“He is always appearing in the newspapers with an escort.  Some beautiful woman with a body to die for.  Believe me; I don’t qualify for a fix up with Dalton Matthews.”
“Sarah Dawson! I am going to shove you in that pool for putting yourself down like that.  No one does that in my presence.  You are beautiful inside and out.  And when the gentlemen at this gala see you in the dress my designer made for you” CeCe winked “you will have plenty of company.  Including Dalton Matthews.”
Sarah chuckled “CeCe, you are crazy but I love you anyway.  Now, last details, you are scheduled at the salon on Friday at one pm.  Tim will get you to the salon and home in time to change.  I will see you at the hotel at seven pm and the guest should start arriving about eight.  The receiving line will be just inside the ballroom.  It will be Greg, you and me.  Amy and Tyler will be stationed nearby.  We have rounded up some “fillers” to escort and entertain the guests.”
CeCe pointed at Sarah and accused “I can see you are going to ignore my comments but when your phone is “ringing off the hook” next week with dates, I will remind you that I was right.  You are going to be a hit.”
“Bye CeCe, I have to get to work now.  Call me if you need anything else.” 
“I am going to say “I told you so Sarah”, just wait and see.”
Sarah rushed home to shower and change for work.  The last thing that would ever happen to Sarah would be to grab the attention of any gentlemen and especially NOT Dalton Matthews.  

Chapter 4

“Amy and Tyler, I can’t thank you enough for all your extra efforts with the gala.” Sarah told them as they were having the last minute meeting later Thursday morning.  “I have one more request for you though.  Yesterday, Dalton Matthews came to see Greg about the foundation; he and his sister will be attending the gala.  I need two people to snag them at the door and entertain them for the evening.  I know we have “fillers” in place to make sure everyone is escorted and given special attention; but, I need some extra special people to keep these two occupied.  I would like Desiree and Cameron to show them around for the evening and never leave their side.  Can you have them briefed on the Matthews by tomorrow night?  Have the research staff find out all they can about them and show it to Desiree and Cameron, I want the Matthews greeted and catered too as soon as they arrive.  And please have security announce their arrival in my earpiece.  Any questions?”
Tyler looked at Amy before replying “I’ll take care of these arrangements.”  He was puzzled by the special treatment these two would receive.  “Sarah, you only working half day today, right?”
“Yes, Tyler, I am going to go to my house very shortly.  I am just going to leave you two in peace this afternoon.  I will have my personal cell phone on in case you need me.  I am leaving my other cell phone with Amy.  She can transfer any important calls to me at home.” Tyler and Amy nodded in understanding.
“Amy, Mr. Matthews’ assistant was supposed to call me and set up a meeting time.  Will you handle that scheduling for me?  My calendar is up to date so you should be able to find a time for this meeting.  Just remember the scheduling rules.  No late afternoon meetings or dinner meetings.”  
“Yes, Sarah, and when was the last time I forgot your scheduling rules?”
“Sorry Amy, I know the Matthews’ meeting is important but it cannot break my rules.”
“I know, it won’t.  I’ll handle Mr. Matthews’ assistant.”
“Oh, one other thing to schedule with Mr. Matthews’ assistant is a trip for Greg and CeCe to Stage West, the Matthew’s ranch.  It will probably be an all day trip.”
“Got it.  Anything else?”  Amy inquired.
“No, I am heading home now.  Call me if you need me.” Sarah said as she gathered her belongings to head across the estate to her house.  
As Sarah left the office, Tyler exchanged confused glances with Amy.  “That is pretty special treatment she is arranging for the Matthews, why?”  
“I have no idea, it struck me as kind of odd also.  Probably Greg or CeCe asked her to do it.  Sarah will do anything for this foundation.”  
“Yeah, it is very special to her.  Oh well, I am going to research and then track down Desiree and Cameron to “brief” them on their new assignments.  Talk to you later.”
As Amy settled down to work on the monthly reports, Sarah’s work cell phone began to ring. “Sarah Dawson’s office, Amy speaking, how may I help you?”
“Yes, my name is Gloria and I am Mr. Matthews assistant.  I need to schedule a time for Miss Dawson and Mr. Matthews to meet.  Mr. Matthews would like to meet Miss Dawson for dinner one night next week.”
“I’m very sorry, Gloria, but Miss Dawson is not available for a dinner meeting.  She has other time available in her schedule.  She is free on Thursday and would have time to meet with Mr. Matthews on that day.”
“Mr. Matthews is free that day also, how about two pm, would that be acceptable with Miss Dawson?”
“Yes, I will schedule her.  Would he prefer that Miss Dawson come to his office? And if so, what is the address?”
As the assistant gave that information, Amy typed it into Sarah’s schedule.  “Gloria, there is one more thing.  Mr. and Mrs. Greg Davis would like to tour Stage West and see the horse facilities.  Would you be able to arrange that?”
“If you could hold for one minute, I’ll contact the ranch for a good time. Please hold”
A few minutes later, Gloria returned to the call.  “Amy, Lindsay said that the Davis’ were welcome at any time.  Just to call and let them know when to expect them.”
“Thank you, I will pass the information along to Sarah and she will schedule it for them.  Can I assist you with anything else, Gloria?”
“Yes, Mr. Matthews would like to speak to Miss Dawson.”
“Again, I am very sorry, but Sarah is not available.  May I have her return Mr. Matthews’ call?  Would this number be the appropriate number to contact him on?”
“Mr. Matthews said to have her call him at 602 555-4444.  He would greatly appreciate that.  Thank you.”
“I will give her the message.”
Amy returned to typing the reports regarding the call logs that Sarah needed.  After a while, Tyler returned from research.  “Research has a done a great job with the information on the Matthews.  And Desiree and Cameron are briefed on their responsibilities.  So we can check that off of our “to do list”.  I am heading home after I stop in to see Greg in his office.  I will check in tomorrow morning from home in case I am needed.  Then I will see you at the hotel tomorrow.”
“Have a good evening, get lots of rest.  I will need it tomorrow.” Amy said to Tyler’s retreat from her office.
Just before Amy was wrapping up for the day, the intercom from Sarah’s house buzzed.
“Amy?”
“Hi, Sarah, did you need something?”
“Did Mr. Matthews’ assistant call?”
“Yes, you are scheduled to meet with him next Thursday at two.  He wanted to do a dinner meeting but I said you were not available.  And the Davis can go out to Stage West at any time.  Just call the ranch and give them notice.
“Thanks Amy.  Any other messages?”
“Yes, Mr. Matthews would like for you to call him.”  Amy rattled off the phone number and then asked Sarah if there was anything else.
“No, that is all.  I will talk to you tomorrow and see you tomorrow night.”
“Sarah, Desiree and Cameron are ready for their assignments tomorrow night and research has them some information.”
“Thanks Amy. Bye”
Sarah was not looking forward to talking to Dalton.  It was painful and stressful.  Both things she did not need right now.
“Hello”
“Mr. Matthews this is Sarah Dawson.”
“Don’t start that Mr. Matthews with me again Sarah.”
“What can I do for you Mr. Matthews? My assistant said we are scheduled to meet next Thursday.”
“Sarah, how long have I known you?”
“Since Lindsay brought to the ranch the first time.”
“And have I ever asked you to call me Mr. Matthews?”
“No”
“Then knock it off.”
Sarah’s side of the conversation went dead.  Why is he doing this?  I know how he feels about me, just get to the point of this call.  Sarah wanted to be exasperated with Dalton but reminded herself that she was the point person for the foundation and Dalton could help her. “Is there something that you needed from the foundation or the Davises?”
“No, I wanted to talk to you.  Did Lindsay contact you?  Are you going to get together with her?  Lindsay wants you to come to the ranch on Sunday and see everyone?”
“Yes, I have heard from Lindsay.  She mentioned something about getting together after the gala.”
“And what about coming to the ranch on Sunday?”
“No, I have other plans that day.  Thank Lindsay for the invitation Mr. Matthews.”
“Sarah” he growled “stop calling me Mr. Matthews! And when did you need an invitation to come to Stage West.  Everyone wants to see you.”
“I am not available, sorry.”
“OK, but that answer is not going to work at home.  They are going to bug me until you come.”
“Did you want me to send you some information regarding the foundation before our meeting next week?” Sarah rapidly inquired trying to get off this painful subject.
“Sarah, I am not talking with you about work right now.  I am talking about you coming home to see the Matthews’ clan.  Gabby wants to do up a big dinner.”
Home? Who did he think he was talking to?  I have to get off this phone call.  I can’t think of Stage West as home.  This call got more painful with each minute.  
“Sarah, answer me!  When are you going to come to the ranch?”
“I’m not.” she whispered to herself but to Dalton she replied “I have another call that I need to take.  Please contact me if we can be of assistance to you.” 
“Sarah, I will talk to you at the gala.  And I will have Lindsay with me who will beg you to come.  Goodbye for now.”
She is exasperating Dalton said to his empty office as he disconnected from the call.  Was she always like this?  Why doesn’t she want to come home to see everyone?


Sarah was never so glad to be off of a phone call.  “That was terribly difficult” she announced to the empty room.  He wants me to come home. Stage West was never going to be my home.  I thought it might have been my vacation place but now vacation is whatever exotic place Greg and CeCe fly too. 
I have to remember to talk to Desiree and Cameron and stress how much they need to keep Lindsay and Dalton occupied tomorrow so that they cannot track me down.  For now though, I need another run through on my speech for tomorrow night.


Friday morning, Sarah and CeCe met for their morning swim and conference time. But neither had much time for chatting.  It was going to be a very busy day.  “CeCe everything is arranged for you and Greg.  I am going into the office for a little while to have a conference call with the hotel, Tyler and Amy.  Then I am going to do any last minute things that come up; then head to the hotel by early afternoon.  Tim has your schedule of arrivals and departures.  I also had Greg’s PDA programmed also.  I will meet you at the hotel.”
“Sarah, take a deep breath.  We have gone over this stuff numerous times; everything is organized and will go as it should.  You are going to be great.  This party is going to be wonderful, magical even.  Go to the office but before your conference call, take 30 minutes for yourself to be proud of all you have done.”
Sarah thanked her good friend and boss for the advice and went into the office.  Shutting the office door and reveling in the quiet for a few minutes was a good plan.  I will be much calmer if I take a few minutes for myself. Sarah thought.  Thirty minutes later she was on her conference call with the hotel, Tyler and Amy.
“Tyler, have you contacted the transportation companies regarding the limos?” 
“Yes, they have confirmed all the arrangements.”
“Amy, have the items for the auction been moved to the hotel and is the security in place?”
“Yes, the holding company just called me as they arrived at the hotel.  They were met by the security team and escorted to the room.  I also talked to the door security and confirmed their arrival at the ballroom for four pm.”
“Dustin, have the decoration’s teams arrived and finished the set-up of the fantasy themes? Have you talked to the catering staff for last minute instructions?”
“Yes, we all met this morning and everything is on schedule.  I have your rooms booked and the communications set ups are complete.  We will double check your earpieces when you arrive.”
“Amy and Tyler, I am headed home to gather up my clothes and I will see you at the hotel.  Check into your rooms and meet me in the ballroom at one, okay?  Dustin, I will have the front desk page you when I get there.  Are the special arrangements in place for the Cates’ party?”
Everybody agreed and signed off the call.
Sarah walked across the compound to her house to gather her personal and party items.  She was very excited that this day was here and what this party could do for the foundation and those that it served.  That was what this night was all about.  It was unfortunate that most of the people who benefitted from the foundation were not well enough to attend the gala.  But that is why more funds foundation were needed so more could be done to help those in need.


Chapter 5

Chambers Hotel

Sarah arrived at the hotel and was met by Dustin.  “Dustin, your help has been most appreciated.  You have kept me sane throughout this whole process.  My thank you is inadequate.”
“Sarah, it has been my pleasure to work with you.  You are a dream client and I believe we have become good friends during this planning.  If you need me, page me and I will come running.  I am really looking forward to this night.  Your friends, the Cates, have not arrived yet but the reservation notes say to contact me when they arrive.  Everything is on schedule.”
“Thanks, Dustin.  I am going to my room to put my stuff away and then I will be right back to the ballroom.  I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
At one o’clock Sarah arrived at the ballroom.  As she pulled open the doors she was swept away by the fantasy that had transformed the ballroom.  Gold showed from everywhere.  The tables were covered in pale golden tablecloths that shimmered and looked like water because of the reflections of the lights.  Each place setting was to include the mission statement of the foundation, a gold pin in the shape of a helping hand and listing of the generous contributors to date.  The dance floor was magical.  Tyler and Amy had designed it to simulate a night in Paris.  The perimeter of the room was decorated by gold columns that listed the main functions of the foundation: career counseling and assistance, research, financial, medical, counseling, education, and domestic assistance.
“I am speechless” Sarah exclaimed.  “It is more beautiful than I imagined.  Tyler and Amy, you did a fantastic job.”  
“You are the one who dreamed it; we just helped put into place.  Come see the auction items, they have been arranged to your specifications.”  Tyler urged Sarah to the room on the side of the ballroom.  
The auction room as it had been referred to in the planning sessions was just after the entrance to the ballroom.  The receiving line would lead them directly into the auction so that the attendees could view the items and determine if they would bid.  CeCe had been responsible for so many of these great items.  She had cajoled her “Hollywood” friends into contributing items and to come to this gala.  The holding company staff and security were in the room to answer questions of the guests and to insure the “silent” auction would be anonymous.  Each guest would be given a number and they would sign the bid sheet with that number and their bid.  Closer to the end of the night, the winners would be announced and directed how to pick up their winnings.
The items in the auction included: a trip to Greece for seven days, a Mediterranean cruise for ten days, an African safari, a gold necklace and matching earrings worn by the late Hollywood actress Deena Carters at the Oscars in 1960, a dress of your choice designed by the royal dressmakers at Buckingham Palace, a 50 foot yacht from the collection designed by David Trees, the winner of the America’s Cup last year.  These were not items for the everyday working man, but then the guest list for this party including some of the wealthiest and most influential people in the country.  
“Everything looks perfect.” Sarah said as she toured the room.  “All the items are clearly described or pictured.  The bid sheets are easy to fill out and placed in the corresponding boxes.”
Sarah walked back to the main ballroom and began to get and give last minutes instructions, her cell phone range.  The display indicated that it was Gabby.
‘Hello Gabby, are you checked into the hotel?”
“Yes, our suite is 810.  It is beautiful.  Thank you.”
“It is my pleasure.  I am just finishing up down here then I will come see you.”
“Okay, we can’t wait to see you.”
Sarah hung up and turned to the staff.  “You have done a spectacular job.  Thank you!  I am going to see some friends, then go to my appointment at the salon.  I will meet you back here about seven for last minute communications set up.”
Amy and Tyler watched Sarah head for the exit.  “I hope this hasn’t been too much for her to handle.  I know she is taking some time off next week, but we need to take as many things off of her plate as possible so that she doesn’t end up in bed for a week.” Tyler commented.  
Amy nodded her head in agreement.  “I am headed to the salon also and then back to my room for some relaxation.  I will see you at seven.  Bye Tyler”
“Goodbye Amy”


Sarah moved rapidly to see her favorite people in room 810.  The door opened at her knock and Mama Gabby grabbed her in a great big hug.  Nathan was right behind her to do the same.  
“This room is beautiful and the staff is taking very special care of us.” Gabby stated in awe of her surroundings.
“I am so glad.  This is my special treat to you for your wonderful support of me and my dreams.  I could not have made it this far without you.”
“Nonsense, girl, I knew you would go far the first time Lindsay brought you home.” Nathan grabbed Sarah for another big hug.  “We are glad to be here with you though.  Seeing your dreams come true.”
Sarah walked to the sitting area and took a seat near the window.  “Did you tell Dalton or Lindsay that you would be here tonight?”  
“No” replied Gabby. “We told them we were taking the day off and spending the night in Phoenix.”
“When they see you here, our secret will probably have to be revealed.”
“Maybe it is time for that anyway, five years is a long time.”
“Not long enough” Sarah muttered to herself.  “Maybe you are right.  I would have chosen it to go on for a while longer.  I never dreamed Dalton would take steps to get involved and end up meeting Greg thereby finding me again.”
Gabby glanced at Nathan. “We were pretty surprised to hear Dalton announce at a family meeting that he had found you.  We did not know he was going to contact anyone about the foundation.”
“We are not sorry he found you though.  It is time for you to come home.” Nathan stated in his most fatherly voice.
Sarah got up to pace by the windows.  “Nathan, Stage West is not my home.  My home is at the Davis estate.  Just because Dalton “found” me doesn’t mean anything has changed.  The reasons I left that day still exist and they probably won’t ever go away.  I know you hoped for a different answer and I know you hoped I could tell you what happened.  But I can’t.  I really can’t.  No one knows but me and that is how it will stay.  Please try to understand.”
Gabby went to the window and grabbed Sarah’s hands. “Sarah, we do understand.  We know this has been hard for you.  For some reason you left Stage West and your best friend.  We will always support you.  We love you as much as we love our sons and the Matthews children.  That will never change.” 
Sarah hugged Gabby and whispered past the knot in her throat. “I love you both very much too.  Thank you for being my adopted parents.”
“Now, don’t make me cry anymore.  I can’t have swollen eyes when I go the salon.  The makeup artist and hair stylist will shoot me on the spot.” Sarah said after a deep breath.  “Are you ready to go Gabby, we have appointments at three. Nathan, relax and enjoy the suite, I will send your girl back to you with a glamorous new hair style.”
“Enjoy ladies, I am going to take a nap.  We old cowpokes want to dance the night away.”  Nathan winked as he sent his ladies away.
“Call Nick, he wanted us to check in with him.”  Gabby reminded her husband.
Nathan picked up his cell to call his oldest son.  “Hey Nick, we are at the hotel.”
“Great.  What are you doing there by-the-way, you were very secretive this morning?”
“Well, I guess I can tell you now.  We are Sarah’s special guests at the gala for her foundation.”
“What?  How did this happen?”
“That is kind of a long story.  Here is the short version.  We have known all along where Sarah was.  Dalton did not “find” Sarah.  She and your mother keep in regular contact by email and phone.  And we come to Phoenix once a month to visit her.”
“For five years you have been in contact with Sarah and didn’t tell me or Lindsay or anyone else?”
“We were respecting Sarah’s wishes.  We knew she would disappear again if we didn’t.  We told her we would keep her secret.”
“Dad, I get that part.  Why has she been gone all this time?”
“I wish I knew, Nick, she still won’t tell us either.  It will remain a mystery until Sarah chooses differently.  Also, can you keep this conversation between you and me for a little while?  Sarah believes this secret will come out tonight when Lindsay and Dalton see us here.”
“Yes, I will.  I am not at the ranch right now anyway.  So there is no one to tell.  I will be talking to you and mom about this later.  Right now, give Sarah a hug for me and I will see you tomorrow.  Have fun at the party.  And I want that girl’s phone number when you get home.”
“Thanks, bye”

Sarah and Gabby grabbed the elevator to the salon.  They had talked to the makeup and hair stylist after they had picked out their clothes for the evening so there wasn’t going to be any guess work on how to do their hair.  “We are going to look fabulous at this party.”  Gabby beamed.  
“I even felt glamorous at the test run we did a couple of weeks ago.  CeCe’s designer has given me a superb gown and the stylists here can make even me look like a movie star.”
Gabby frowned at Sarah but kept her comments to herself.  Sarah never has believed she is beautiful, maybe some man someday will sweep her off her feet.  Maybe tonight even.  It feels like magic around here today.  


Chapter 6

Sarah’s cell phone rang just as she was gathering her purse to leave her room.  Tim’s name was on the display.  “Hey Tim.”
“Hey Sarah, we are about ten minutes from the hotel.  I am just giving you fair warning.”
“Ok, I am headed downstairs and meet them.  I just talked to security and the press is here but being reasonably quiet and respectful.  See you shortly.”
Sarah reached the lobby of the hotel just a minute before the limo arrived.  She met Greg and CeCe at the front door to direct them to the ballroom.  Security had the press under control and they would notify her if something went wrong.  
“CeCe you look amazing tonight.  You will outshine everyone here.”
“Not you, my dear Sarah.  I almost didn’t recognize you.  Celina did a magnificent job on your dress.”
Sarah blushed and turned to Greg.  “You clean up pretty good too Greg.  Come and see the ballroom.  It is glorious.”
As Sarah opened the doors and they got their first look at the ballroom, Greg and CeCe gasped at the elegance.  “Sarah, you did it.  It is beautiful.”
“Thank you both.  I cannot tell you how much this means to me.  Your support of my dream is so important to me.  Just as important as you are to me.”
“That works both ways Sarah.  We love you and we know this is going to be successful for you.” Greg replied since CeCe was busy trying not to cry.
“Don’t cry CeCe, I don’t have time to repair my makeup.  I have to go get set up with my communications equipment.  I will be back in a few minutes.  Go look at the auction items.  Tyler should be in there to help you out.” 


Thirty minutes later Sarah returned to the ballroom to make one last inspection.  Everybody was in their assigned places.  The posters announcing the gala were in the hotel lobby. The greeters were ready to check in the guests.  Amy and Tyler were manning the entry table to welcome everyone.  The fillers were already milling around the ballroom.  Desiree and Cameron were positioned next to the door with their special instructions to entertain the Matthews.  And Greg, CeCe and Sarah were ready for the receiving line.  The party was ready to begin.  Sarah double check with everyone through their earpieces and then nodded to security to open the doors.  
“Relax Sarah; everyone will have a great time.” Tyler said through his communications unit.  
“Yeah Sarah, listen to Tyler” announced Amy through her unit.  
“All right, I’m trying.  Now get busy”
“Yes, ma’am” they replied and saluted.
Several minutes later the guests started arriving.  Greg and CeCe kept the receiving line flowing as only “seasoned” pros could do.  Everyone wanted to stop and talk to them.  But they kept ushering them on.  As the guest passed Sarah she motioned them off to the fillers to direct them to the auction items.  Gabby and Nathan had already arrived and were being shown around the ballroom exhibits.  The flow was moving swiftly when security announced to Sarah that the Matthews had arrived.  Sarah thanked them, motioned to Desiree and Cameron to go to the Matthews.  Sarah also made her excuse to leave the receiving line before they approached.  “Dustin is motioning me, something must be wrong.  I’ll be right back.”  
Lindsay and Dalton Matthews were greeted by Desiree and Cameron.  “Miss Matthews and Mr. Matthews, my name is Cameron and this is Desiree.  Welcome.  Sarah has asked that we introduce ourselves and show you around.  She wants you to call on us for anything you might need this evening.  If you would, please follow me to greet Greg and CeCe Davis.” Cameron asked as he extended his arm for Lindsay.  
“Where is Sarah?” asked Lindsay.  “I cannot wait to see her.”
“She is greeting guests as we speak.  You will see her inside the ballroom.” replied Cameron.
“Dalton, it is great to see you again.  May I introduce my wife, CeCe?” Greg announced as Dalton approached him.  
“Hello Dalton, it is nice to meet you.  I cannot wait to tour Stage West.”
“I am assuming that this beautiful young woman is your sister, Lindsay.” Greg asked as CeCe was finished shaking Dalton’s hand.
“Lindsay, this is Greg and CeCe Davis.  Sarah is their personal assistant and president of the foundation.” Dalton made the introductions and turned back to CeCe “We are anxious for you to visit also.  My brother is able to meet with you when your schedule permits.  Please plan to stay for the day so we can get better acquainted.” 
“Thank you very much Dalton.  And welcome to the party of the year.  Desiree and Cameron will escort you to the auction items.”
“Where is Sarah, we are anxious to see her?  We have been friends for almost ten years.”  Lindsay asked not able to wait any longer. 
Greg had already turned to greet their next guests so CeCe fielded the question.  “She is seeing to a last minute item.  She will be around in the ballroom shortly.”
“Thank you and it is a great pleasure to meet you.”
“Enjoy your evening.”

The gala was progressing beautifully.  The guests had made their bids on the auction items and were currently enjoying the delicious meal.  As soon as dessert was served, Greg moved to the podium to do the welcome.  
“Welcome everyone.  Thank you for your attendance and generous support of the HQ Service Foundation.  CeCe and I are so grateful.  I would like to now introduce you to the president of HQ Service Foundation, Miss Sarah Dawson.  She is the beauty and the brains behind this foundation.”  As Sarah made her way to the podium, Dalton was captivated by her.  He had known Sarah for 10 years but this was not the Sarah he had in his mind.  She was stunning.  And he was mesmerized.  Had she always been this beautiful?  Had he missed it before?  
Sarah took a deep breath to calm her nerves before speaking.  “Thank you Greg for your kind introduction.  And thanks to all of you for attending what I hope will be the 1st Annual gala in support of the HQ Service Foundation.  This foundation means a great deal to me.  The mission of this foundation is Service.  We want to serve those in our community, state and around the country that need our help.  Our specific clients are those with a chronic illness.  We try to meet their social, emotional, financial and medical needs through our various divisions.  We will now show you a brief video that will highlight our foundation.”
Sarah returned to her seat as the video started.  She took a deep breath and a big swallow of water.  She had never been so nervous in her life.  CeCe leaned over to Sarah “You are doing great.  This evening is going perfectly.”  Sarah smiled her thanks and watched the video.  She was proud of the work that had been accomplished in the short time the foundation had been in existence.  
After the video Sarah returned to the podium.  “We hope you have enjoyed your evening.  We will begin the dancing in a few moments.  Also, the big screens around the room will begin to display the numbers for the winning bids on the auction items.  When you see your number, please proceed to the auction room.  Someone there will direct you to your item.  Thank you again and enjoy your evening!”


Moments later the music began and the dance floor began to fill up.  Cameron appeared to take Lindsay for the first dance.  Desiree appeared at Dalton’s shoulder to ask him to dance.  “May I have this dance Mr. Matthews?”  
“I would be honored.”
As they joined the dancers on the floor, Dalton tried to keep track of Sarah’s movements but she was constantly surrounded by people who wanted her attention.  He didn’t have a clear view of her and was waiting for the opportunity to talk to her.  She had captivated her audience and she radiated beauty.  He needed to talk to her.  It was almost painful.  
“Are you enjoying your evening?” asked Desiree.
“Yes, it has been marvelous.  This is quite a crowd.  Hollywood celebrities, politicians, the wealthy from all over.  Her foundation is going to do well if this crowd is any indication.”
“We hope so. Sarah has put a lot of time into developing this foundation.  All of us who work for her want it to be very successful.  She deserves it as do the clients we serve.”
“What is it that you do at the foundation?” asked Dalton
“I am the chief financial officer.  I handle the money.” replied Desiree
“I wouldn’t have guessed that would be your job.  I think you are going to be busy the next few days.”
“That is the plan Mr. Matthews” she replied with a big grin. “That is the plan.”
As the first song ended, Desiree asked Dalton if he would like to continue to dance.  Dalton declined.  “I see some people I need to talk too; but thank you for the dance.”  Dalton had seen several people that were Matthews International customers also.  He needed to greet them; then he could be free to ask Sarah to dance with him.  And he was really looking forward to that dance.  Maybe she would finally stop calling him “Mr. Matthews”.  
Sarah was mingling throughout the crowd thanking the guests for attending when she heard in her earpiece that she was needed in the auction room.  As she was moving through the crowd she thought to herself; please don’t let there be trouble now, this evening has gone so well.  At the edge of the tables Sarah was moving swiftly to the auction room when her arm was taken in a firm grasp.  She swung around and came face to face with Dalton.  “You look stunningly beautiful tonight Sarah!” Dalton whispered with emphasis in her ear.  “Please come and share a dance with me.”  Sarah was momentarily dumbfounded because of the vertigo spell that attacked her as she was spun around and by what he had said about her being beautiful.  Dalton’s opinion of her did not include the word beautiful let alone “stunningly beautiful.”  
“I’m sorry, I cannot dance with you.  I was just paged to the auction room.  If you will excuse me?” she spoke as she started to move away again.
“Sarah, wait a minute.  Come back when you are done and dance with me.  Please.”
“I can’t.  I will have someone find Desiree if you would like.”
“Please, just one dance.  I’ll wait for you.”
“The best I can do is a “maybe”, but I wouldn’t stand around waiting.  I’ll find you if I am able to break away from my responsibilities.”
“I guess I will hope for that then.”
Sarah slowly turned and hustled off to the auction room already promising herself to be very busy the rest of the evening.  She would ask Greg or CeCe to entertain Dalton.  After dealing with the latest crisis in the auction room, Sarah went to find CeCe.  
“CeCe, can you do me a huge favor?” Sarah whispered.
“I’ll try.”
“Do you remember Dalton Matthews?”
“Yes, and that reminds me….we have much to talk about regarding the Matthews”
“Why?”
CeCe glared at Sarah. “As they were coming through the receiving line they mentioned that they had known you for ten years. But Greg just “introduced” you two days ago.  Which is it?”
“Can I give you the very short version of the story now if I promise to tell you the full story next time we meet to swim?”
‘OK, spill it”
“I have known the Matthews for ten years, about five years ago something happened and I haven’t seen them until I walked into Greg’s office two days ago.  But right now I just need to avoid them.  I know that is cowardly but there is an excellent reason.  Please can you keep them occupied?  Besides, Dalton grabbed my arm a few minutes ago and wanted to dance.  You know I can’t dance; I have already had a vertigo spell.  I about crashed into him as he swung me around.”
“Go.  I will snag Greg and go chat with Dalton.  If he asks where you are what do you want me to say?”
“It doesn’t matter.  Just please promise me that if he says something about me disappearing five years ago, don’t think bad of me until you have heard my side of the story.  I have to go, they are calling me again.  I owe you for this!”
“Yes you do.  But Sarah, we love you and we will not think badly of you ever.”
“Thank you.” Sarah hugged CeCe and rushed off again.
CeCe went to find her husband so that they could go entertain the Matthews.  “Greg, we need to go entertain the Matthews for our dear friend Sarah.”
“I need to talk to Dalton anyway but why are we doing this for Sarah.”
“I only have the short version of the story, which I will tell you later, but we are deflecting Dalton from finding Sarah.  Just follow my lead and don’t mention Sarah if at all possible.”
“Oh, this had better be a really good story.”
“Actually I get the impression from Sarah that it is a really bad story instead.”
At midnight, Sarah profusely thanked Amy, Tyler and Dustin for their fabulous work on the party.  It had been a great success, the auction had gone well.  The food, dancing and all the other “little” things had too.  She walked to the elevator that would take her to her room she was amazing happy and extremely tired.  She was so glad she had planned to stay at the hotel for a couple of days so she could get some special treatment.  Tomorrow she was booked for an early lunch with Gabby and Nathan and then a massage at the salon.  Monday she would have her long talk with CeCe.
Sarah’s Saturday and Sunday were just about relaxing.  Her lunch with Gabby and Nathan was filled with laughter.  She had asked them if Dalton or Lindsay had seen them at the party.  “Thankfully just Lindsay.” they explained.  But Nathan had told Nick the secret so Dalton would hear about it soon.  



Saturday afternoon when Gabby and Nathan arrived by at Stage West, their oldest son Nick was waiting for them at their house.  “Don’t even plan to get comfortable here at home; the Matthews are waiting to talk to you.  I told Dalton about our conversation Dad.  Lindsay had told him about you two being at the party.  I hope you are ready to tell your story about the last five years.”
Gabby, Nathan and Nick arrived in the living room at the main house a few minutes later.  David, Dalton and Lindsay were anxious to hear the story.  “Gabby, I think there is a story you need to tell us.” David stated as they each took a seat and got comfortable.
Gabby took a deep breath and looked at Nathan for support.  He gave her a smile of encouragement.  “The morning after Sarah disappeared from the ranch she sent me an email telling me that she couldn’t and wouldn’t tell me what happened.  She said she was getting a new phone number and email address by the end of the day and that she would send those to me.  She asked that I give a message to Lindsay which I did.  But she also told me that she would keep in contact with me but not with any of you and she asked that I not tell you that she and I were in contact.  I have kept in contact with her every few days for these five years.  We go into Phoenix about once a month to visit her.  We have asked repeatedly for her to tell us what happened, but she just gets an extremely sad look on her face and says “I can’t”.  I have kept her secret so she would not disappear on us again.  I’m sorry I had to keep it a secret from you but I thought it was best.”
David, always the most levelheaded of the Matthews siblings, was the first to respond.  “I think we can understand your reasoning for keeping the secret.  It is a surprise though.”  Dalton and Lindsay nodded their agreement.  “The question is now, how do we get her to come home?” David asked of everyone.  
Gabby and Nathan exchanged a very sad glance but Nathan fielded the question.  “She won’t.  She told us just last night that Stage West was not her home.  She stated that nothing had changed even though Dalton had “found” her.” 
“She will come when Greg and CeCe Davis come out.  She plans everything for them, we will see her then.” Dalton stated with authority.  “I am going to have a meeting with her this week about the foundation.  I will confirm that she is coming”
The “family” meeting broke up shortly after that.  Lindsay had been very quiet throughout it.  “Lindsay, are you okay?” asked Dalton.  
“No, I have missed my best friend for so long.  I want her back.  I know last night she was very busy so I didn’t rush after her but I so much want to talk to her.  What happened to her to make her disappear?  Why wouldn’t she tell me?  Did I do something to hurt her?  I don’t understand any of this.” Dalton gathered Lindsay in his arms and tried to comfort his overwrought sister.  
“Lin.. let’s give her a few days to rest up from the party, then we will try to get in touch with her.  We won’t lose her again.  I promise.”  Lindsay tried to hope what Dalton said was true.  “Thanks big brother.”
Lindsay decided to tease her big brother a bit. “So did you see how beautiful Sarah was last night?  Did you see all the male attention she had?”  
Dalton glanced at Lindsay in surprise, he thought he had hidden his attraction very well.  “Yes, I did notice how Sarah looked, I didn’t notice all the male attention though. Was there a lot?”  
Lindsay winked at her brother and left the room.  Dalton went back to the pictures from last night in his mind.  Sarah had been breathtaking but again she had treated him so formally.  He was getting tired of being known as “Mr. Matthews” to her.  He had to get her to look past that and remember him from five years ago when she was friendly to him.  He had to try to bring up some memories from then so she was go back to treating him as a friend.  


On Sunday, Sarah went back to the estate to prepare for the week and to answer emails from clients.  Most wanted to know about the success of the party but a few needed some words of encouragement.  There was an email from Lindsay also.

Hi Sarah,
That was a fabulous party.  We had a great time.  You were wonderful and you looked beautiful.  Dalton was spellbound when you took the stage.  And every time he saw you he followed you until you disappeared from view.  I had to laugh at big brother, I think he is intrigued.
I have to go out of town for a couple of days this week but I will be in touch later so we can talk.
Bye for now.
Lindsay

Sarah decided to keep her response as short as possible. 

Lin,
Have a safe trip and I will talk to you later in the week.  
Stop laughing at Dalton; he must have been concentrating on business if he was that preoccupied.
Sarah


When her cell phone rang in the early evening it was her Mama Gabby.
“Hi, did you get home okay?” Sarah asked
“Yes, no problems on the way home. But the Matthews and Nick corralled us for a “family” meeting when we got home.  So now they know we have been in contact with you for the last five years.”
“Were they mad?  They didn’t blame you did they?  Did you tell them that it was my request that it be kept a secret?”
“It worked out okay for now.  We told them as little as we could but there may be more questions later.”
“I’m sorry to put you in that position.  If it comes up again, please let me know.  I will figure out something to tell them.”
“Ok.  Thank you again for including us in your big night.  We had a grand time.”
“Thank you for the support and confidence.”
“We love you and we will talk to you later.  Bye.”
Later that night Sarah crawled in bed thinking about Lindsay’s email.  Dalton spellbound by her, not likely.  This pretense was really hard to take, if the foundation didn’t need any and all contributions, she would be tempted to refuse to meet with Dalton.  


Her sleep was restless and so her morning was not starting well.  She would go meet with CeCe but she wouldn’t be swimming, it was just not possible today.
“Good morning CeCe, did you enjoy the party?”
“Yes, Greg and I were very impressed by how well everything went.  But then with you planning it, what could go wrong.  You are so organized.”
“Thank you again for distracting the Dalton.  I just couldn’t deal with him along with everything else.”
“Yes, as soon as I am done with my swim, be prepared to tell all.”
“I promise, enjoy your swim.”  Sarah tried to prepare herself for telling the story while CeCe swam.  She knew her friend would be supportive but it still was not a good story.  CeCe joined her before she was ready.  “OK, start talking”
Sarah took a deep breath and began “Lindsay Matthews and I met at Meadows University on our first day.  We were freshman roommates and became instant best friends.  On our school breaks, I would visit Lindsay and her brothers at Stage West.  I was always made to feel welcome, especially by Gabby their housekeeper and her family.  Gabby’s husband and sons work either for the ranch or Matthews International.”  
“After graduation, I went to stay at the ranch for a couple of days before moving to Phoenix to look for a job.  About three weeks after graduation I went to Stage West because Lindsay had invited me to Dalton’s birthday party.  The morning of the party I wandered done to one of the horse barns to visit the new colt that I had had the privilege to name at its birth.”  
“While I was down there, Dalton and his best friend Nick came into the barn.  “Nick asked Dalton “Are you looking forward to the party tonight?”  And Dalton replied “Yes, I think it is a great excuse to show off more about Matthews International to prospective clients.  There are going to be some stock breeders here, it should be a great time. Except Lindsay invited Sarah to the party.  Dalton couldn’t believe I had been invited to the party.  He said he didn’t want me there. I didn’t belong there, I wasn’t pretty, I wouldn’t dress right and I would be an embarrassment.  Then he said and I quote  Birthday parties are for people that are your friends and you want to be around them.  Sarah doesn’t qualify for that at all.  If I never saw her again, it would be fine with me.  Maybe she will get sick and can’t come.”
“I was devastated; I rushed back to my room, threw my belongings in the suitcase, ran for my car and disappeared without seeing anyone.  Everyone was busy with chores or party planning.  I later sent a text message to Lindsay so she would know I had gone home.  She called me but I had my phone off.  The next day I got a new phone numbers and email address.  I hadn’t talked to them or seen them until I walked into Greg’s office last Wednesday.”
CeCe was quiet for a minute as Sarah wrapped up her story.  Her eyes filled with tears for her friend.  “Can I ask you why you didn’t contact them again?”
“I could not stand to be at the ranch if I wasn’t welcomed by Dalton and I did not want to come between Lindsay and her brother.  I have kept in contact with Gabby for five years.  She has been my Mama Gabby and I couldn’t give her up.  I had to make the choice that I thought was best for Lindsay.  I loved her like a sister but I couldn’t face going to the ranch.”
“Why did they not track you down at your apartment or your work?”
“None of them knew my address or had ever been to my apartment.  And I had just gotten the job with Davis Enterprises but we were so busy with party preparations that I hadn’t told them where I was going to be working.”
CeCe quietly viewed her friend’s ravaged face.  This story was sad for all the parties involved.  “Sarah, thank you for telling me.  What are you going to do about Dalton?  Doesn’t he want to know more about the foundation and how to get involved?”
“I can handle him on a professional basis but Friday night he tried to be personal and friendly and I am not ready for that.  I have talked to him a couple of time on the phone.  He tried to turn it personal then too but I just kept calling him Mr. Matthews until he got frustrated and gave up.  He still wants to meet with me on the foundation though.”
“What about Greg and I going to Stage West to look at the horses?”
“Go, you will love it.  It is a beautiful facility and the horses are exceptional.  Your visit has nothing to do with me.  Your schedule is free for Saturday; do you want me to set it up for then?”
“Uh, sure.  We can look at horses somewhere else.”
“No, I know David Matthews has the best quality livestock in the country.  You will get a great horse.”
“Go ahead and set it up.  I gather you will not be going with us.”
“Not for any anything would I go with you.” Sarah replied with a friendly glare.
CeCe and Sarah switched to the schedule for the week and went on with their tasks for the day.  Sarah was going to stop in the foundation office for a quick check on things but was headed home to rest more.  That evening she wrote in her journal At least CeCe was supportive when I told her my story.  I never wanted to tell that story to anyone; it is still as fresh and as painful as it was five years ago.  I wish I had never gone to the barn that morning.  Or maybe it is better to know his true thoughts about me.  I need to be really prepared for Thursday so that it is all about the foundation.  Get a grip Sarah, what else would it be.  

Monday afternoon Sarah went to Greg’s office to go over his weekly schedule.  Tyler was handling the phones today so she waved as she knocked on the office door and went it.
“Hi Sarah” greeted Greg
“Hi yourself.  How did you like the party?
“You did an outstanding job.  I received many compliments on your behalf.  I think the foundation is going to do very well because of that night.”
“It wouldn’t have happened without you and CeCe.  I am so grateful.  And Tyler and Amy took my plans and made it magic.  They outshined what I had even imagined.  I would like to give them a bonus.”
“The checks are already being prepared and should be here tomorrow.  I will call all of you to the office when they get here.”
“Thank you so much.”
He waved away her thanks.  “Now to drastically change the topic, CeCe told me your story with the Matthews.  I want you to let me handle Dalton from now on.  When is your meeting with him and am I free that day to take your place?”
She was shaking her head as he got halfway through the question.  “I can and will handle Dalton on foundation matters.  Besides you already told him that he would be meeting with me not you.”
“I will just tell him you had another urgent matter to deal with for me and so I took your place.  I don’t want to make hard this for you.”
“Greg, I appreciate your wanting to do this; but, I need to do this.  I can handle Dalton professionally.  I will not be going to Stage West with you if that is okay.”
“Of course.  And if you change your mind, I will be glad to handle Dalton.”
“No, it is my job.  Besides after I give him the information on Thursday, what other contact would we need to have?”
“I guess you have a point there.”
“Now, here is your schedule for the week.” Sarah had taken care of most of the correspondence from the prior week.  She would finish up later today.  Greg’s schedule was pretty light this week. He was taking a short break between movies also.  He and CeCe were enjoying some much needed relaxation.  Sarah reflected on her conversation with Greg as she walked back to her residence.  She really did have the best job and friends in the world. 

Chapter 7

Thursday morning Sarah was doing last minute preparations for her meeting with Dalton when the first vertigo attack hit her.  Sarah spoke to her image in the mirror “No, not now.  Ok, maybe it was a one-time attack.  I will just rest for a couple of minutes to get my bearings again.”  She resumed her preparations a little more cautiously.  “I can’t get too worked up now, the meeting is in a couple of hours and I have to leave shortly.  I think I will ask to borrow Tim though.”  She knocked on Greg’s door. “I am going to leave to go to Matthews International soon; would it be alright if I had Tim drive me?  Will you be needing him?”
“No, we can drive ourselves if we go anywhere.  You usually drive yourself, are you alright?”
“Well, no, you know how it is.  But I’ll be okay as long as I am not driving.”
“Ok, cancel this meeting if you need to, the foundation would survive.”
“No, I want this over and done with then my association with the Matthews can go back to the way it was.  I’ll call you after the meeting.”
Tim delivered Sarah to Matthews International’s corporate office a few minutes before two pm.  Sarah was nervous about this meeting.  Dalton would know now that she and Gabby had kept in contact for all the time she was supposed to have been gone.  I just have to keep talking about the foundation and not let it get personal.  The security guard called Gloria to come and escort Sarah to Dalton’s office.  Sarah was led into Dalton’s personal office.  His space was just like him, big.  There was a conference table, a sitting area, a huge desk and every electronic gadget that a modern day office needed.  Dalton rose to greet Sarah with a smile on his face. “Welcome Sarah.”
“Thank you, Mr. Matthews, for meeting with me.”
“I am not going to meet with you if you call me “Mr. Matthews” again, call me Dalton.”
“I hope you enjoyed the gala the other night.  Did you bid on any of the auction items?”
“Yes, Lindsay wanted that trip to Greece but we were not the highest bidder.  You had some very nice items for auction.”
“You can thank CeCe for that.  She rounded up her “Hollywood” friends for all those.”
“Impressive” Dalton said with a wink.  “Now, tell me about your foundation from start to finish.”
“HQ Service Foundation was started about a year ago.  As you know, I am the personal assistant to Greg and CeCe Davis.  We were discussing charitable work and how to have them involved.  Greg mentioned that it would be easier if their name attached to something because it would probably be a selling point to others who would want to get involved.  I had had an idea about giving a helping hand to those who need it.  Those people with chronic illnesses that are not fatal like cancer, but still a disability and can cause some real problems with someone’s life.  So I pitched my idea to Greg and CeCe and they agreed to put their name on it and that I would run it.”
“So what are your services?” asked Dalton
“Why don’t I walk you through as if you were a new client?  Your first contact with the foundation would be a call to a “greeter”.  You would be asked if you had an illness that was already diagnosed or not.  If not, the greeter would take down your name and contact information.  At that point you would be sent to the research department.”
“At the research department they will help you to walk through the medical sites on the Internet to help you get a starting place for asking questions of a doctor.  Sometimes the research can be one call or many calls.  If you already had a diagnosis, you always have the option of speaking with the research department in case you need more information.”
“When the client has a diagnosis, depending on the severity of the illness at that stage, we assign a case worker to you.  That case worker will meet with you and discuss financial, emotional and physical needs.  For example, do you need to have ramps in your house?  Will you eventually need a Seeing Eye dog?  After the case worker’s initial interview, she or he meets with the foundation’s medical doctors, psychologists and a research department employee.  The team will work up possible scenarios of care, what long-term this illness is going to mean like permanent disability from work.  We also ask the client if it okay to discuss their condition with their doctor.  Most people say yes to that, if not we run background checks on them to see if they maybe trying to get help with they don’t need it.”
“Good idea.” said Dalton.
“The services then range from financial help like making a mortgage payment to emotional help like the weekly online support group and family counseling.  We have a medical doctor and psychologist on the chats so that they can look for people who may need assistance or direct them to seek their doctor’s help right away.”  
“We have a doctor in every field that is available to us to ask questions.  We have financial assistance available from several of the banks and insurance companies.  We try to find employers you will allow employees to work at home or work odd hours.  We have a research department that can find anything; you met the head of that department the other night, Cameron.  We hope to start having lobbyists at the State and Federal levels to begin to bring some change to the disability laws.”
“I am really impressed, that is a service organization.” 
“Thank you.  We try to keep to our mission every day.  And every day we get new callers needing help, especially since that newspaper article.”
“How many are on staff and how do you do this job and be a personal assistant?” queried Dalton
“Well, we have about 50 people on staff now. And thanks to technology they can mostly work from home.  I have done my own research on them to know I have hired excellent staff.  Two of the best are my direct assistants, Tyler and Amy.  They listened to my mission and have far exceeded me in what this foundation can do.  They are also my assistants with Greg and CeCe.  If I need to do foundation business, then one of them is with the Davises.  But mainly, I have hired a great staff so I delegate a lot of foundation personal care to those who know best.”
“You are a good manager if you have already succeeded in doing that.  Want to come work for me?” asked Dalton with a wink.
Sarah skipped answering that question by taking a drink of the water that Gloria had provided for her.  
“Well, I originally went to Greg so that Matthews International could become involved in some capacity in addition to a donation.  I will have to think on what we should do additionally, but if you have your accounting department contact my chief financial officer we can move the funds for the donation.”
“That is very generous of you.  Desiree will contact him tomorrow.” 
“Yes, Desiree said she “handled the money”.”
“I hope she and Cameron were good companions to you at the party.”
“They fulfilled their mission.  They were very nice to us.  We didn’t want for anything.”
“Good. I’m glad.  I am very glad for this opportunity to meet with you also.  Thank you again.  If we can be of any assistance to you please call on us.” Sarah said as she stood to leave
“Please don’t rush off, I’d like to talk to you more.”
“Did you have more questions about the foundation?”
“Not right now.  I want to talk to you.”
“I’m sorry, I am on a tight schedule today and I need to get back.”
“I was hoping you would have dinner with me tonight.”
Sarah hid her surprise at the statement. “No, that isn’t possible.  I must be going.  Thank you again.”
“I’ll walk you out.”
“That isn’t necessary; I know you have a busy schedule also.  Goodbye.”
“I will see you at the ranch on Saturday.” Dalton said as Gloria escorted her to the elevator.  Sarah thought to herself; I am not going anywhere near Stage West on Saturday.


Sarah’s first stop when she arrived back at the house was to see Greg.  “How did the meeting go?” he asked as she entered his office.  “It was fine.  He is going to send a donation and think about how else Matthews International can be involved.”
“Great news.  Sit down I have something to give you.  Just let me call CeCe.”
Sarah took a moment to relax as they waited for CeCe.  CeCe joined them a moment later and after a kiss for Greg and a hug for Sarah she joined Sarah on the sofa.
“Sarah, we have a special gift for you because of all your hard work keeping us on track and for the fabulous work you did on the party.”
“But it is my pleasure to do those things.  I do not need a gift.”
“That is why you are so special and also why you are getting the gift.  We have added a bonus to your next check for starters but we also want you to have this right now.” CeCe smiled.  
This was a diamond necklace and earrings.  “I’m stunned.  These are so beautiful.  Thank you.” Sarah was overwhelmed at their generosity.
CeCe moved to give her friend a hug.  “Now, how did it go with Dalton?”  
“I kept it professional when he tried to talk and invite me to dinner tonight.  Then he said he would see me at the ranch on Saturday.  I left without replying to that statement.”
“He is going to ask us where you are when you don’t show on Saturday.” CeCe stated – “What do you want us to say?”
Sarah scoffed at her employers.  “He won’t ask, he doesn’t like me around remember.  He was caught off guard by my being the president of the foundation.  Once today’s meeting was over and his involvement was passed to his CFO, he won’t remember my name.”
“He asked you to dinner, Sarah.”  Greg countered “He will remember your name.”
“It was a just a reflex action.  He wasn’t serious.  I know him remember.  He doesn’t like me.”
CeCe thought Sarah was kidding herself but with a thoughtful look to Greg left Sarah’s comment alone.  
“Now, Tim will drive you to the ranch on Saturday at ten.  It is about an hour’s drive from here.  Nathan, whom you have met, and David Matthews will be there when you look at the horses.  Ok?”
Sarah, CeCe and Greg finished their discussions and Sarah headed to the office to see Amy.  “Hi Amy, how are things here?” inquired Sarah as she entered Amy’s space at the foundation office.  
“Everything is going well, we have had a lot of calls this week and the process has begun on some potential new clients.  I will have some information for you as soon as the preliminary reports are done.  So far we have about 15 potential new clients.  That is our best week ever.”
“Wonderful news.  I needed that.  I so much want this foundation to be a success.  It can do a lot of good.” Sarah said as she walked to her office.  “Any messages I need to return?”
“No, you are still on vacation.  Besides Greg said you had an attack today. Go home and stay home until Monday.” said Amy in her motherly voice 
“I will, my computer is here and I need to send some emails then I will go home.  You can take off now if you want to.” Sarah waved her out of the building.
Sarah sat down to check her email and decided she hadn’t talked to Gabby this week.

Gabby,
How are you?  Has there been any more discussion on the secret?
You probably know but Greg and CeCe are coming to the ranch Saturday.  And before you even ask, No, I will not be coming with them.  I just can’t.  I wish things had changed but they haven’t.
Talk to you later.
Love
Sarah

Sarah answered her remaining emails and closed up the office for the day.  She was tired, but that was usual after an attack.  I just need a few more days of rest she thought to herself as she entered her house.  Just more rest.



Saturday was a beautiful Arizona day.  The color of blue in the sky is hard to find anywhere else.  It would be perfect day for touring the ranch.  Sarah waved Greg and CeCe off and went home to relax for the day.  She had to be on call for Greg and CeCe but other than that she had the day to herself.  After a hectic few weeks, she was really glad for the break.  All she planned to do today was to read a good book by the pool.  
Greg and CeCe arrived at Stage West and were greeted by Gabby and Nathan.  “Welcome to Stage West, we are so glad you are able to come to visit.”
“Thank you for allowing us to come.” Greg replied. “We have been looking forward to this all week.”
Gabby directed them to the living room “Please come into the house for a few minutes while we wait for the Matthews to join us.  I know that Sarah wouldn’t come, she emailed me.  But I haven’t told the others yet.  I don’t know how they are going to take it.  They had planned on her coming home.” Gabby was wringing her hands by the time that David came into the living room.
“Hello, I am David Matthews; welcome to Stage West.” David said extending his hand to Greg.
“Thank you for having us.  This is my wife, CeCe.”
“Hello CeCe.” David moved to shake her hand.  “My sister Lindsay will be down in a minute and Dalton in Phoenix for a meeting but will be here later.  Where is Sarah, we expected her?”
CeCe fielded the question. “She planned for just the two of us to come this time.”
Lindsay had arrived at the door to the living room just as CeCe was answering the question.  Her eyes went to David with a hidden question.  David ignored the question he saw there and went to stand beside her in support.  “Lindsay you remember Greg and CeCe?”  
Lindsay found her voice and replied “Oh course, welcome to our home.  Would you like to look at the horses first?”
Greg and CeCe nodded and following Lindsay, David and Nathan out to the stable.  “This is a massive operation you have here David.”  Greg commented. 
“Yes, we have the largest and finest breeding program in the country.  We have our own livestock that we keep for our own enjoyment.  We have stock we sell and stock we breed.  Let’s find you a great one.”  
CeCe and Greg gasped at the enormous stable that they entered.  “It is beautiful.  Look at all the horses.”
“Why don’t you just wander around for a few minutes and look.”  Nathan supplied. “Then we can answer any questions that you might have.  And after lunch, you can go for a ride.”
“Thank you; that would be wonderful.” Greg and CeCe started to wander around.  Lindsay pulled David aside and asked about Sarah.  “Dalton said she was supposed to be here, where is she?”
“You heard her Lin, Sarah didn’t plan to come today.”
“I don’t get it.  Why won’t she come here?”
“We will have to deal with that later; we have guests to impress right now.” David started after Greg and CeCe.  
David and Nathan answered questions as the group walked around.  Then they headed to the house for lunch.  Gabby had created a fabulous meal.  Nick joined the lunch and was surprised not to see Sarah.  He looked to his parents for an explanation but didn’t get one.  During lunch David’s cell phone rang.  David excused himself to another room after seeing Dalton’s name on the display.
“Hi Dalton, how was the meeting?”
“It was a meeting.  How are things out there?  Are Greg, CeCe and Sarah there yet?
“Well, Greg and CeCe are here.  Sarah did not come.”
“WHAT?”
“Calm down.  They said she planned for just the two of them to come today.”
“I said I will see you on Saturday at the ranch.  She knew we were expecting her.”
“I cannot answer that; but, Lindsay is a bit down now.”
“I am going to call Sarah.  I’ll talk to you later.”
David returned to the meal and joined in the conversation.  “How about taking a ride now?”
Greg was quick to reply. “I would love to.  CeCe is not able to ride though.”
“Then she can just hang out with me.”  replied Gabby
“Thank you Gabby that would be lovely.” 


Dalton was dialing Sarah’s number practically before ending the call to his brother.  He was going to get an explanation from her today.
“Sarah Dawson”
His tone was firm and not friendly “It’s Dalton, Sarah.  Get ready, I am on my way to pick you up and take you to the ranch.”
“No, I am not going to the ranch.”
“That wasn’t a request.  We expected you to come today. You said you would be there”
“No, I did not.”
“I told you on Thursday that I would see you at the ranch.”
“I heard you but I did not agree or disagree with you.  Why does it matter?”
“Sarah, your family expected you to come home today.  Lindsay is upset.”
Sarah kept quiet because she couldn’t get a voice to respond.  This is so painful.  Why is he doing this?  I have to end this today, no matter what it does to the foundation.  
“Sarah, answer me”
“Where are you?” Sarah questioned
“What does that matter?  I am on my way to get you.”
“Where are you?”
“I am just leaving downtown Phoenix.”
“Meet me at the park near 83rd and Bell.  I’ll be at the north entrance.  I will watch for you.”
“Why?”
“I’m headed there now.  I should be there ahead of you.”
“Fine.  I am on my way.”
Sarah reached the park in a few minutes.  She was extremely nervous about this meeting, just answer his questions.  That is all you have to do.  She found a shaded bench and sat down to wait for Dalton.  He found her a few minutes later still dressed in his work clothes but he had left the coat and tie in the car.
“Why here, Sarah?”
“Why are you doing this?  Why did I need to go to the ranch today?”
“Why didn’t you go with Greg and CeCe?  You know everyone wants you to come home.”
“This was not my outing.  I am their employee.”
Clearly exasperated Dalton argued “Don’t give me that.  They know that you know us.  They would have allowed you to go with them.”
“What does it matter?  So I didn’t go.  Why did you threaten to drag me to the ranch with you?”
“I didn’t threaten you.  I just wasn’t giving you any choice in the matter and I am still not.  You are going to the ranch this afternoon.”
“No” she said as she looked away.
He took hold of her chin and turned her to face him.  “Lindsay wants to spend time with you.  You are going!”
She removed his hand from her chin and responded “Why are you being this way?  Please let it go.”
“No, Sarah, I won’t let it go.  Your family wants to see you come home.  David and Nick haven’t seen you at all.  And Gabby and Nathan want us all to be together at Stage West.”
“I can’t.” Sarah replied softly.  “I really can’t.”
“Can’t or won’t?”
High emotion raised Sarah’s voice “Take your pick the reason is the same.” 
Dalton was mad and his voice showed it “Then tell me the reason, no one understands this Sarah.  You left without a word for five years.  We have waited long enough for an explanation, tell me.  Then we can forget this nonsense and you can be friends with Lindsay again.  ”
Sarah would have been able to ignore his statement but he had pushed the line with his forceful tone.  “Don’t you get it Dalton?  I can’t be friends with Lindsay again.  The reason I left in the first place is still there.  Nothing has changed in five years.”
“You can’t be friends with Lindsay?  Again can’t or won’t”
“I would give pretty much anything to be Lindsay’s friend again, but this is not something I can change.  I lost in this too.  I gave up my….”  She couldn’t continue the sentence
“Lost what?  From where I sit, it was your choice to disappear without any explanation.”
Sarah got up off the park bench to head to her car.
“Running again?  Is it going to be another five years before you are seen again?  Yeah, you really look like you lost something.  What did you give up?”
She rounded on him in a flash.  “I gave up my best friend and I gave her up because of you.”  She gasped and hid her face Oh no, she was never supposed to tell anyone that secret.
“What did I have to do with this?” Dalton asked extremely surprised.  “I didn’t talk to you that day, how could I be at fault?”
Sarah’s slow burn temper had reached its boiling point and she gave it to Dalton at full force. “No, you didn’t talk to me that day.  But you certainly said plenty to Nick about me.  I was in the barn Dalton.  I heard you tell Nick that you couldn’t believe that Lindsay had invited me to your birthday party.  Do you want me to repeat the rest of it too?  I can.  I have heard it repeated over and over in my head for years.  I did not belong at your party, I was not pretty enough, I wouldn’t dress right, and I would be an embarrassment.  Birthday parties are for people that are your friends and you want to be around them.  I didn’t qualify for that at all.  And if you never saw me again, it would be fine with you.  Maybe I will get sick and can’t come.  Well, your birthday wish came true and you didn’t even know it.  But I did, I have lived with it for five years.  I lived with the fact that I wasn’t good enough to be near you.  I lived with the fact that I didn’t have a friend anymore because I wouldn’t come between Lindsay and her brother.  I lived it day after day.  I lived it every time I looked in a mirror and saw that I wasn’t beautiful enough.  I lived it every time I thought about having a new friend, maybe I am not good enough for them either.  I may have been lost for all this time but you weren’t.  I saw you in newspaper articles and magazines, I heard about you in conversations and on the news.  And I lived with how unworthy I was with each story because your words just wouldn’t go away.  I was at fault because I was where I didn’t belong.  Well, now even though it isn’t your birthday you are still getting your wish.  You never have to see me again.”  Sarah turned once again and ran for her car.
Dalton sat at the park for several minutes trying to assimilate all Sarah had thrown at him.  All of this was his fault.  He had caused his sister to lose her best friend.  Now he knew the story and would have to share it with the rest of his family.  They were going to hate him.  Dalton got into his car and headed for the ranch still trying to wrap his mind around what Sarah had told him.  
Thankfully, no one was at the estate when Sarah arrived home.  She parked her car and rushed into her house and fell to the sofa.  The pain of reliving those words from Dalton was now fresh again and still as painful.  She now was responsible for hurting him as much as he had hurt her.  She had forgiven him years ago because she had to try to let go but now she would have to live with hurting another person just as she was hurt.  “Maybe in time I can ask for his forgiveness, that secret was supposed to be mine forever.”  


Chapter 8

When Dalton arrived back at Stage West, he found everyone sitting around the pool enjoying conversation and sharing memories.  He didn’t want to go join them but didn’t feel like he had a choice.  “Hello everyone.  How was the riding today?” Dalton asked without the usual spark he had.  He received answers of  “great”, “exciting” but didn’t really share in their enthusiasm.  “Greg and CeCe did you find a horse that suited you?” again asking but not really caring about an answer.  “Yes, we did. Nathan is going to deliver it when he comes to see Sarah next week.” Greg replied.  
“Dalton” CeCe called to get his attention “I have been waiting for you to get here so I could ask you a question.  How about we take a walk?”  CeCe had noticed a difference in Dalton’s manner from the second he came into her sight.  She was really good at reading people and Dalton had a problem.  
“Certainly” replied Dalton and escorted CeCe around the side of the house. “What can I do for you?”  
“Dalton, I don’t mean to stick my nose in your business but are you okay?”  CeCe probed. 
Dalton was surprised by her query and tried to find a good response.  
“It is okay, sometimes I can read people and what I read from you is bad news.”  CeCe spoke before Dalton could.
“Yes, I was mad that Sarah didn’t come to the ranch so I called her on the phone…”
“Oh no, she told you didn’t she?” CeCe gasped as her hand flew to her mouth
Now Dalton was even more stunned.  CeCe was aware of the story.  “Dalton, she just told me on Monday when I forced it out of her in exchange for keeping you busy at the party the other night.  She didn’t want you to have the opportunity to speak to her.  Well, that didn’t come out right either.  We have enjoyed getting to know you and your family very much.”
“It’s okay CeCe.  I understand what you meant.” Dalton said as he interrupted her explanation.  “Yes, Sarah and I met at the park and I made her mad enough that the story just came pouring out of her.  And then she told me I was getting my birthday wish and I would never have to see her again.” Dalton hung his head in sadness.  
“Oh, Dalton, I am so sorry.  She told me that she never wanted you to know that story.” CeCe gripped Dalton’s arm in sympathy.  “She blames herself for the whole thing.  I don’t understand why, but it is a “Sarah thing”.  She said it was her fault that you were upset with Lindsay in the first place.”
Dalton interrupted. “Please don’t say anymore.  I feel bad enough.” 
“I shouldn’t have said all of that and I shouldn’t have interfered…” stammered CeCe
“No, please don’t apologize. It is okay.  I am going to put on my usual face and we are going to return to everyone and finish out your day with us.  I am going to pretend nothing is wrong.” Dalton returned CeCe to the group gathered around the pool.
“I hope that was the answer to your questions, CeCe.” 
“Yes, thank you Dalton.”
Conversation resumed and continued for several more hours until CeCe could tell Dalton needed them to leave.  “Greg, we need to be going.  Thank you all for a wonderful day.  Your home is beautiful.” CeCe said as she started to stand.
David was the first to reply.  “It was our pleasure to have you.  We will have to do this again soon.”  His sentiments were echoed by the whole family.  The family escorted them to the car and CeCe caught Dalton’s eye and gave him a timid smile of encouragement.
As they pulled away from the ranch, Greg raised the window partition so that he and CeCe could speak freely.  “Spill it, what is up?  What question were you dying to ask Dalton?”
“I noticed as soon as Dalton came up that the usual spark was gone from his eye.  You know how I am, I can tell certain things.  So I dragged him away under false pretenses and I was right.  He had called Sarah because he was mad at her for not coming today.  They had a fight and the whole story came out.”
Greg was stunned. “Sarah told Dalton the story?  Did he say how she was?”
“I didn’t think it was appropriate of me to ask about Sarah when Dalton’s pain was so fresh.” CeCe returned.
“True.  Here call Sarah!”  Greg thrust the phone at CeCe
“Let’s wait until we get closer to home.  Then I’ll ask her to meet us at the house. Ok?”  
Dalton left the group standing in the driveway with an excuse about a call he needed to make.  Everyone returned to the house commenting on how much fun the day had been and how much better it would have been had Sarah been there.  
Later that evening when Lindsay was in her office, Dalton knocked on the door.  “Hey, Lin can I talk to you a minute?”
“Sure, come in.”
Dalton paced nervously along the walls. He lifted books and put them back trying to work up the nerve to speak.  
“Dalton, are you okay?”
Dalton took a deep breath and began “Lindsay did you know I called here earlier today and talked to David?”
“No”
“Well, when he told me Sarah was not here, I got really mad and called her on the phone.  I told her I was coming to get her to bring her to the ranch.  She didn’t want to come so instead her idea was to meet at a park in Peoria.  I was still mad when I got there and she was being unreasonable about coming here so I pushed and said some things until she got really mad right back.  Lin, she told me what happened five years ago.”
Lindsay hadn’t been expecting that comment from her brother.  “Finally, please tell me.”
“I will but I want to know if you want to hear it first by yourself or if you want to hear it at the same time as everyone else.”
“I guess everyone should hear it, we all have wondered.”
“Okay, let’s get everyone here and I’ll tell the story.” Dalton replied 
Dalton called David, Nick, Gabby and Nathan to the living room. This was going to be one of the hardest things he had ever done in his life.  How was his family going to react?  As everyone gathered, Dalton paced.  Finally he started his story the same way as he had in Lindsay’s office.
“Besides David, did any of you know I called here earlier today and talked to David?”
“No” was the answer he got from everyone.
“Well, when he told me Sarah was not here, I got really mad and called her on the phone.  I told her I was coming to get her to bring her to the ranch.  She didn’t want to come so instead her idea was to meet at a park in Peoria.  I was still mad when I got there and she was being unreasonable about coming here so I pushed and said some things until she got really mad right back.  She told me what happened five years ago.”
Tears came immediately to Gabby’s eyes but Dalton couldn’t look at her if he wanted to get this story out.  So he began to pace again and then decided he needed to face his beloved sister with this story.  Even though his whole family was there he spoke mainly to his sister. “Lindsay, it is all my fault.  The morning of my birthday party, Nick and I were in the barn talking.”  Dalton repeated his memories and what Sarah had shouted at him.  “Sarah was in the barn and heard the whole conversation.  She apparently ran from the barn and no one saw her leave the ranch either.  She said she was to blame and that she didn’t want to come between us so she gave up her best friend instead.  Today she basically told me that I had gotten my wish five years later and that I never had to see her again.  Oh, Lindsay, I’m so sorry.  Can you ever forgive me?” He turned and addressed his whole family “Can you all ever forgive me?”  
No one spoke as they processed the information Dalton had just shared with them.  Lindsay and Gabby were weeping quietly.  David moved to Lindsay’s side to give her comfort.  Nathan did the same to Gabby.  
Dalton turned to stare out the front window.  He was the guilty party; he was to blame for Sarah losing her family.  He wanted to run from the room but knew there would be questions. Like why had he said those things about her?
“Dalton” called Lindsay with her hand outstretched to him “Come here.”
Dalton left the window and went to sit by Lindsay. “I have so many questions but I am going to start with how was Sarah after she told you this?”
“I don’t know.  She ran to her car and drove away as I sat there trying to find words to say.” 
“Why did you say all those things about Sarah in the barn that day?” Lindsay questioned. “I didn’t know you didn’t like her.  She had been coming here for four years”
“I didn’t have good thoughts about her when she was here.  In the barn that day she named the horse, Nathan was saying she could stay here and be part of the ranch.  And that a beauty, meaning Sarah, should name his new beauty.  I thought that was laying it on a bit thick, but I wouldn’t have stopped her from being here if she wanted to work here.  She never bothered me or anything.  I really can’t say why I didn’t want her around.  But I never would have said those things to her; I am more of a gentleman than that.  Not that Sarah will ever believe that.”
Lindsay turned to address Gabby and Nathan. “She never in all this time mentioned to you what had happened?”
“No sweetie, she just kept telling us it was better for us if we didn’t know.” Gabby said around a thick block in her throat.  “Now I guess we know why, she thought we would think badly of Dalton.  Which could never happen!”
“Thank you Gabby.” Dalton said with moist eyes.  “That means a great deal to me.”
“You are like my own son, Dalton; I love you no matter what!” Gabby said fiercely.  
“I love you too Mama.” replied Dalton
Lindsay took Dalton’s hand and looked him in the eye.  “I love you and nothing could ever change that.”  Dalton pulled Lindsay in for a big hug.
David cleared his throat and addressed the room, “Well, now that we know the whole story, what do we do now?”
No one had much to say right then.  No ideas. No big plans.  Dalton spoke. “It may be very hard for a while.  When CeCe pulled me away on the pretense to ask me a question, she told me that Sarah never wanted us to know this story.  And that she blames herself for being where she wasn’t wanted in the first place.  I have to try to talk to Sarah but I am not sure how.  I don’t think she will take my phone calls even on the notion that it was foundation business.  Gabby, do you have any ideas?
“No, I don’t.  But I agree that it is going to be tough to get in contact with Sarah.  She may not even talk to me.  But I will try.”
“Please tell her I really want to talk to her.” pleaded Dalton
The family meeting broke up soon afterwards.  Lindsay sat with her brothers a few more minutes.  Dalton went to her again “Lindsay, will you be able to forgive me for this?”
“Of course, you are already forgiven.” Lindsay said as she hugged her brother.  “Now, I am exhausted I am going to bed.  Try to not worry about this Dalton; it won’t do any good to worry about the past.  We just have to try to move forward.  I love you.”
“Goodnight Lin” cried both brothers as she left the room.
Dalton’s shoulder slumped as soon as she was gone from the room.  “That was probably the hardest thing I have ever had to do in my life.  Look my wonderful sister in the eye and confess that I cost her a best friend.  I am such an idiot, why did I even think those things about Sarah?  Let alone, voice them to anyone.”
“It was apparently how you felt at the time and you didn’t know she would hear you.  You have asked us to forgive you Dalton; but you are going to have to forgive yourself too.  We will work this out with Sarah somehow.”
“I really hope so David.  I really hope so” came the glum reply.


Sarah had had quite a bit of time to regret her outburst to Dalton.  She had promised herself that she would keep that knowledge to herself.  But she had failed and now many people could be hurt by this.  Sarah went to her computer to send Gabby an email.

Dear Gabby,
I am sure by now that Dalton has told you what happened five years ago.  I’m sorry you ever had to find out.  I failed to keep my own promise to myself to never share that story.  
I have one more favor to ask of you.  I have written a note to Dalton in the attachment.  Can you print it off and give it to him?  If he refuses it, that is okay.
Love
Sarah

Sarah’s cell phone rang a few minutes after sending the email to Gabby.  She read Greg’s name on the display and moved to answer it quickly.
“Hello”
“Hi Sarah, its CeCe.  Can you come up to the house?”
“I am on my way.” she replied and left her house
CeCe was waiting for Sarah at the back door.  She enveloped Sarah in a big hug.  “Dalton told me what happened.  I am so sorry for all of you.”
“Thank you CeCe.  I’m sorry Greg, but Dalton’s business with the foundation is probably over and done.  I tried not to blow it but he … Well, I blew up at him and we will probably never hear from him again.”
Greg caught her in a hug also. “Sarah, this is not your fault.  Dalton told CeCe what happened.  Even as important as the foundation is, it is not more important than you. OK?”  Sarah nodded her response.  
The group moved to the sitting area.  “So how did you like Stage West?  Did you find a horse?”
“That place was beautiful and yes we found a horse.  Nathan will deliver him next week when they come to see you.”
“What did you think of David and Lindsay when you got to know them better?” 
“David is a great guy.” replied Greg.  “He may kid Nathan about calling those horses his babies, but David is just the same way.  Those horses are David’s babies too.”  Sarah laughed but agreed.
‘They all rode around the ranch while I stayed and had girl talk with Gabby.  She told me all about the Matthews’ and all about her three boys.  She has some grand stories to tell on that family.  I can see why they all love and respect her.  She is wonderful.”
Sarah had tears in her eyes as she replied “Yes, my Mama Gabby is wonderful.”
Sarah changed subjects before the tears overwhelmed her.  “I had a call from my doctor.  I am going to have the surgery on my ear on Monday.  Tyler or Amy will be here with you the whole time I am recuperating so don’t worry about your schedule.  I will brief them thoroughly before Monday.”
“Sarah, we are on vacation from schedules.  So relax.  It will be fine.  You just concentrate on you for a change.  Who is taking you to the hospital?”
“Tyler or Amy”
“Until then, wrap up items still outstanding.  Then no worries about either place of work.  You hired the people under you so you know they can handle the work, let them.” Greg sternly advised.
“Yes, sir” Sarah said tongue-in-cheek
“Go home girl, it has been a long day.  Not what you need right now.  So go home!  That is your boss’ order.”


Sunday morning, Gabby found Dalton in her kitchen bright and early.  He looked like he hadn’t slept in a week, he hadn’t even shaved.  “Dalton, did you go to bed?” 
“Yes.”
“Let me rephrase the question, did you get any sleep?” 
“No.  I just kept seeing Sarah’s hurt face as she talked about how unworthy she was.”
“Dalton, this was in an email from Sarah this morning.  She wanted me to give it to you.  I want you to read the email she sent me also.  It is included.” Gabby said as she handed Dalton an envelope.
Dalton took the envelope from Gabby and went to his room to read the notes in private.  Gabby’s email from Sarah was short and filled with regret.  And heart wrenching if she thought he wouldn’t read her note.  Dalton pulled out Sarah’s note to him and began to read:

Dalton,
I am so very sorry!  I didn’t mean to hurt you.  I never meant for you to know this story.  I lost my cool today and it just spilled out.  Please forgive me.  
Please forgive me for my actions five years ago also.  Please tell Lindsay I am sorry.  I never meant to come between you and her.  I’m sorry I bothered you at your ranch; I never would have come if I had known.  I hope you all can forgive me someday.
Again, I’m very sorry.
Sarah

Dalton read and re-read her note.   ‘Oh, Sarah, this is not your fault.  You are not the one who needs forgiveness.  I, and only I, am to blame for this. I will make this up to you somehow.  I was so wrong to treat you this way.  I find myself thinking of you every minute since that gala.  Now I just hurt.”  Dalton finally fell asleep trying to find a way to make this up to Sarah.  



Monday morning, CeCe and Greg saw Sarah off to the hospital.  Tyler was instructed to call them as soon as she was out of surgery and then they would call Gabby to tell her.  Sarah’s surgery went well but the recovery did not and she would be spending a night or two at the hospital.  At the foundation office, Amy was busy fielding calls from clients and one very determined Dalton Matthews.
“Sarah Dawson’s office. Amy speaking.  How may I help you?”
“This is Dalton Matthews, may I speak to Sarah?”
“I’m sorry; she will not be in the office for a few days.  May I take a message so she can return your call when she returns to the office?”
“Where is she?” questioned Dalton
“I’m sorry sir; that I cannot tell you.  I will pass along your message.”
“Can you transfer me to Greg Davis?”
“Yes sir, one moment please.”
“Hi Dalton” Greg said as he answered the call
“Where is Sarah?”
“Dalton, that is Sarah’s personal business.  I can’t give you any information except to say she will be back in a couple of weeks.”
“Weeks?  Amy said a few days.”
“No, it will be a couple of weeks at the minimum.”
“I need to talk to her” pleaded Dalton
“Sorry. That isn’t possible.  I know the whole story and yes you two do need to talk, but it won’t be for a while.”
Dalton was so frustrated he hung up without saying goodbye.  He paced his office until his assistant contacted him about his next appointment.  He had to get his head back into work and forget about Sarah for a while.  
Dalton went home that evening as frustrated as ever at not being able to contact Sarah.  He wasn’t pleasant company at dinner.  David was the only one who braved his mood and asked him what was wrong.  
“Sarah!  She is gone and I cannot talk to her.”
“What do you mean gone?” bellowed David “Not again”
“No sorry.  She is gone from the office for a couple of weeks and they won’t tell me how to contact her” replied Dalton
Nathan kicked Gabby under the table and glared at her to tell what she knew.  He had already told her no more keeping secrets from the Matthews.  “Dalton, Sarah is in the hospital.  She had surgery today and she isn’t recovering as they had hoped so she will have to stay for a couple of days.  Then she will be at home healing.”
Everyone spoke at once…”What?” “What kind of surgery?” “How do you know this?” “What hospital is she in?”
Gabby held up her hand… “I’ll tell you what I know which isn’t much.  CeCe called today to report that Sarah had had surgery but instead of getting to come home tonight she would be in the hospital for a couple of days.  And at Sarah’s request she wouldn’t tell me what kind of surgery or what hospital.”
“She wouldn’t even tell you?” Dalton asked incredulously.  
Nathan jumped in to answer the query.  “Sarah is extremely private and doesn’t share much.  Even though we have been in contact with her all this time, we don’t know much about her life.” 
Lindsay asked those at the table “Is there any way to find out what hospital?” 
“Sweetie, if Sarah doesn’t want us to know then we can’t force anyone to tell us.  She would prefer it that way.”  Gabby said patiently.  “I’m sure Sarah will get in contact with me when she is able.”
But Gabby would be wrong about that.  A month had passed since everyone had found out why Sarah had disappeared.  She had not contacted anyone from the Matthews’ family or Gabby.  She would not answer phone calls or return emails.  Dalton tried repeatedly to speak to Sarah on the phone but was denied each time.  She kept passing him off to Tyler, Amy or Desiree to answer his questions.  But he didn’t want information on the foundation; he wanted to speak to Sarah.  He thought about her all the time.  He wanted to take her someplace special so that they could talk and dance and begin to get to know each other again.  Forgive and forget the past mistakes on his part.  He hoped she would forgive him.
Dalton tried Sarah’s office one more time hoping that she would take his call.
“Sarah Dawson”
He was shocked but recovered quickly. ”It’s Dalton.  Don’t hang up.”
“Yes, I was aware of who it was before I answered.”
“I need to talk to you.”
“Dalton, that isn’t a good idea.  I am hanging up and you and your family need to forget that you ever saw me again. Go back to the way it was.”
“No, that is unacceptable to me.  To all of us.”
“Dalton, I’m sorry for what happened five years ago.  If I would have known that you would contact Greg about that newspaper article, then I would have never allowed it.  I would give anything to have never shared that story with anyone.  I’m sorry I did, it hurt too many people. Again.”
“Sarah, shut up.” Dalton growled. “Stop talking and listen to me.”
“No. I am doing this for everyone’s best interest. Forget…”
“Stop!  Meet me at the park.  I am on my way there.” Dalton said abruptly and hung up.
Sarah tried calling him back but he refused to answer his phone.  I should just leave him sitting in the park.  But she wouldn’t and he knew that.
Dalton was already sitting on a bench when Sarah arrived.  She looked fierce and ready to do battle.  “Dalton, this is..” Dalton stopped her flow of words by clamping his hand over her mouth.  
“You don’t get to say anything until I tell you that you can.”  Dalton’s reply was just as fierce as Sarah’s started to be.  “Now, are you going to agree to that so I can remove my hand or not.”
She nodded so he removed his hand. “Dalton..” And immediately his hand came back
“Good grief you are stubborn!  No one is in the park so I can talk to you the entire time with my hand over your mouth.”
Sarah shook her head and reached to remove his hand.  
“You promise?” Dalton asked.
Sarah nodded and he took his hand down from her mouth.  He gently took her hand and led her to one of the gazebos in the park.  They sat down but he didn’t let go of her hand for a minute.  Then he got up and started to pace.  He thought to himself that he had worn out so much carpet in the last six weeks pacing his bedroom, his office trying to find the right words to say to her.  He moved to sit down again and faced her.
“Sarah, I’m so sorry.  I…”
“Dalton..” she started to interrupt and Dalton pointed his finger at her.  Sarah stopped as Dalton started again. “Lindsay asked me why I said those things about you.  At the time I couldn’t think of a reason but now I can.  I am so sorry that I said those things about you in the barn.  I don’t have a good excuse.  In fact there never could be a good excuse, it was bad enough that I thought them and atrocious that I said them to someone else.  I have tried to recall my mind that day and whether or not something had happened to set me off.  But I don’t think so.  I was an idiot!  To be honest, no I wasn’t friends with you….but only because I didn’t know you.” He hastened to explain as her eyes showed her pain.  “We had not spent any time together.   You were not my family.  In my mind you were a kid like my little sister.  She was still a kid too.  And kids didn’t belong at grownup birthday parties.  I didn’t think of you as anything other than a kid.  Lindsay was family so she could be there.  And as long as you weren’t my friend or my family, I didn’t care if I never saw you again.  You were Lindsay’s friend not mine.  Just a kid.
Sarah held up her hand like she had a question to ask.
“Alright, I guess you can talk now.”
Sarah rushed to explain and apologize. “Dalton, this speech is unnecessary.  This is not your fault.  I was the one who owed you an apology.  I was at the ranch where I shouldn’t have been.  I was bothering you.  I could have ruined things between you and Lindsay. I hurt you and your family by telling you what happened. I was …”
“Forget I said you could talk.” He said tartly as he clamped his hand over her mouth again to stop her flow of words.  After she had stopped struggling he removed his hand again.  “Listen to me and listen close….None of this is your fault!  You were not bothering me.  I believed you to be a kid and all that other stuff I spouted was because I thought you were a kid.  And as for telling me what happened, we all needed to know that story and you had held in long enough; don’t apologize again for that.”
Dalton spoke again after a couple of minutes of silence.  “I owe you an apology for the day you told me also.  I accused you of not having lost anything while you lost more than anyone.  I’m sorry.”  “You lost most of all.” He repeated mostly to himself and charged to his feet to pace some more. 
After a few minutes of pacing to get himself back in control again, he went to Sarah and knelt down taking her hands in his.  “I have asked Lindsay and my family for their forgiveness.  Now I am asking you, will you forgive me for taking away your friend and your family?”
Tears poured down her cheeks at his request.  She gripped his hands in hers and said “Dalton, you didn’t do anything but be honest.  You were angry at Lindsay because of me, I couldn’t bear that.  They are not my family they are yours.  You don’t need me to forgive you for…”
“Yes, I do…” he started to say as she clamped her hand over his mouth just as he had done to her a few minutes before.
“My turn to talk and I will keep my hand here just like you threatened.  Now will you listen?” she asked
He nodded so she removed her hand.  
“You don’t need me to forgive you for being honest.  But I will, if you forgive me and then we not talk about this anymore.  We leave it in the past and get on with our lives.  Deal?”
“You do not need my forgiveness, you didn’t do…”
Sarah growled at him “Dalton!”
“Thank you.  I don’t deserve it but thank you.” Dalton replied swiftly.
After several moments of quiet that both parties needed to calm down, Sarah looked at Dalton apologetically. “I have to get back to the estate.  Will you excuse me?”  Sarah moved to leave the gazebo.
“Sarah, wait! Don’t rush off.  Let me take you out to dinner.”
“I was still in the middle of working Dalton when I rushed over here.  And I have things I have to do tonight and I am late already, I cannot go to dinner with you.  
Sarah rushed to her car.  She had to get home quickly, it was already starting to get dark and she couldn’t be driving at night.  


Dalton drove back to Stage West in a better mood than he had been in weeks.  
At dinner that night, everyone noticed a different Dalton.  David was the brave one again and asked Dalton about his change in mood.  
“Sarah finally answered my phone call.  She started to blow me off on the phone so I gave her no choice but to meet me at the park and talk to me.  She arrived fighting mad and started in again and I clamped my hand over her mouth and told her she couldn’t talk until I said she could. I apologized and asked for her forgiveness. She tried to blame herself again; until I clamped my hand over her mouth again.  I finished my explanation and let her talk.  She started to say that I didn’t need to be forgiven and I interrupted.  She then clamped her hand over my mouth and finished what she was saying.  We agreed that this needed to be left in the past.”
“Finally!” replied David.  “Now she can come home.”
Everyone agreed and when back to their dinner.
After dinner, Lindsay asked Dalton to go for a swim with her.  
“Dalton, can I talk to you about something?”
“Sure.”
“Did you give Sarah an explanation of why you said those things about her?”
“Yes, and I will tell you too now that I know an explanation.  I told Sarah that then I thought of her as a kid.  Just like my little sister was just a kid.  And kids shouldn’t be at grownup birthday parties unless they were family.  She wasn’t my family and she wasn’t my friend so what did I care if I never saw her again.”
“Wow, that is brutal honesty.” exclaimed Lindsay
“I had to be honest with her.  She deserves that much from me.  I have hurt her so bad and maybe my telling the truth will help her heal.”
“So, what do you think of Sarah now?  Lindsay asked.
Dalton tried to keep his face blank but he just couldn’t keep the smile off his face.  “She is beautiful and I am going to do my best to get to know her again.  I asked her to dinner but she refused again.  But I am just as stubborn as she is, I will ask again until she says yes.”
“So, if we become friends again and I get her to come to the ranch, that won’t bother you?” Lindsay asked tongue-in-cheek.  Dalton’s response was to grab his sister and throw her in the pool.  “No, the sooner the better.  Brat!” Dalton said as she came to the surface sputtering. An all out water fight then ensued.  Lindsay was laughing too hard to be much competition but she tried.  David joined his siblings at the pool.  “The water works better when it stays in the pool.”  So Dalton and Lindsay attacked David and dragged him into the water fight.  The siblings went at each other until Lindsay had to cry “uncle”.  She was half-drowned.  They were so much bigger than her.  
They all moved to the chairs beside the pool and enjoyed the evening.  David broke the silence of the evening “So let’s invite Sarah out on Saturday for a reunion with the family.” 
Lindsay burst out laughing at Dalton and he reached to throw her in the pool again.  
“I’m sorry.  I’m sorry.  But the look on your face was priceless.”
Puzzled David interrupted “Did I miss something?”
“No!” replied Dalton
“Yes!” exclaimed Lindsay  “Dalton has a crush on Sarah!”
“That’s it.  You are going to be drowned in the pool.” Dalton threw her over his shoulder and charged to the pool.
“Dalton!   David!”
David charged in-front of Dalton.  “Let her tell me this story, then throw her in the pool.”
“No, she doesn’t need to tell you any story. Be…”
“Oh, it a great story, wait until you hear it” interrupted Lindsay
“As I was saying… Because there isn’t a story.” Dalton replied frantically.  
“Dalton thinks Sarah is beautiful and can’t wait to get to know her better.” gushed Lindsay when Dalton stopped speaking.  
David burst out laughing while Dalton replied “Oh, you are so dead baby sister.” and threw her in the pool again.  He grabbed his towel and went into the house to escape to his room.  “Sisters, what a pain!”  I should not have told her what I was thinking about Sarah.  
Dalton lay on his bed while he thought about Sarah. She really is beautiful, smart, and classy.  I really can’t wait to get to know her better.  Dalton shook his head I hope her forgiveness is genuine and she will go out with me.  
A few minutes later there was a knock on his bedroom door.  
“Come in”
A white flag appeared in the doorway and he started laughing.  “Get in here Lindsay.”
“Big brother, you know I love you.  I know this has been hardest on you, I hope you and Sarah can move past this and move to a different relationship.  But, I hope to regain my friendship with her so if you “date” her and it doesn’t work out” she pause “I hope you part as friends because I am not going to lose her friendship again.”  
“I know Lindsay” Dalton said as he hugged her.  “I promise to tread very carefully with Sarah.”
“That is all I can ask Dalton.” Lindsay replied and turned for the door.  “But oh this is going to be fun to watch” she said as she shut the door quickly and ran to her room.  
“Brat!” Dalton yelled through the closed door.
Dalton climbed into bed a few minutes later thinking about what Lindsay had said.  Lindsay and Sarah as friends again was so important to him, he just hoped he didn’t screw it up again.
Dalton’s dreams that night were of Sarah.  They were strolling along a moonlit beach holding hands and sharing dreams.  Sarah stopped and took his face in her hands and kissed him with the sweetest kiss.  He brought his hands around her waist and drew her to him and gave her a lover’s kiss.  Her sweet moan as she surrendered to him stroked his desire for her.  Dalton’s alarm went off as he gathered her closer in his arms.  “No it can’t be time to get up, that was the best dream.” 


Sarah’s evening and night had not been as playful as Dalton’s.  She had returned to work to finish reviewing the reports from the call logs.  That newspaper article has increased their clients dramatically in two months.  The funds from the gala and auction would satisfy the budget for the next year.  That was great news. Sarah closed up her office and went to see Greg and CeCe before she went home to review her emails and to get ready for the support group meeting.  
“Greg? CeCe?’ Sarah called as she approached the den.
“In here” called Greg 
“Hi.  I was on my way home to get ready for the support group meeting but wanted to check on you guys first.  Can I get you anything?”
“Nope, we are fine for tonight.  Sit down for a few minutes.” replied CeCe
“So, have you heard from Dalton lately?” asked Greg
“Amy squealed on me didn’t she?” Sarah replied “But yes, Dalton and I had a talk today and got everything cleared up and said our apologies.”
CeCe spoke up first “That is wonderful, now you can have your family back.”
“No.” replied Sarah
“What?  Why not?” CeCe exclaimed. “You just said you and Dalton got everything cleared up.”
“We did, but it doesn’t change anything with my relationship with the Matthews.  He apologized for the things that he said but they were still true.  But he doesn’t want me anywhere around him.  And they are still not my family.  I put Gabby and Nathan in a horrible position all these years by trying to keep some family.  It wasn’t fair to them.  I won’t do it again.  If and this is a big if, I can be Lindsay’s friend without bothering Dalton, maybe…” Sarah shrugged and got to her feet.  “If you need me, I’ll be at home.” 
CeCe got up to pace the floor.  “That girl is so stubborn.  What is she thinking?”
“CeCe, Sarah has a point.  Until Dalton acknowledges otherwise, she can’t be around the Matthews family.  She would be setting herself up for this whole thing to happen again.  She could still come between Dalton and Lindsay if Dalton didn’t want her there.”
“But, Dalton wants her and Lindsay to be friends again.  I just know it.”
“Ce, you know our Sarah, until Dalton says it to her she won’t change her mind.  That is our stubborn Sarah.  And might I add, it is none of our business.”  Greg stated calmly.
Sarah walked cautiously home from the main house.  The property was well lighted but the dark was not a friend to her.  She went into her home office and signed on to start the support group.  
Tonight’s group was small which wasn’t good news.  She would have to send some follow-up emails tomorrow to check on her missing attendees.  But for now she was just too tired.  It had been a stressful day.  
As Sarah ended her day by writing in her journal she contemplated Dalton’s apology.  He had been sorry she had been hurt by what he said.  But it was still true.  Why wasn’t anyone besides her getting that point?  And why was everyone assuming that everything was back to the way it was before?  It wasn’t!  Dalton had not invited her to the ranch, so nothing had changed.  She didn’t know how to say it to make them understand it.
Sarah’s dreams that night were filled with Dalton screaming at her to never return to the ranch again.  She had had that dream many times before.  


Chapter 9

Thursday morning was Sarah’s morning off work so she decided to sleep in.  She couldn’t deal with CeCe starting in again on her being with her family.  She was on call as usual to Greg and CeCe, but unless they needed her she was on her half day vacation.
About mid-morning, Amy paged her on the intercom.  “Sarah, there is a Lindsay and David Matthews on the phone for you.  They didn’t want to talk to anyone but you.”
“Ok, put them through to the house phone.”
“They will be with you in a second.”
“Hello Lindsay and David” Sarah said in greeting “How can I help you?”
“Come to the ranch on Saturday.” David commanded without preamble. “Gabby is going to prepare a big family dinner to welcome you home.”
Sarah was quiet for a minute as she prepared her answer.
“Sarah, are you there?” David asked
“Yes, I am still here.  But I cannot come to the ranch.” 
“Why not?” demanded David as Lindsay yelled at him in the background to relax.
“David, I have full-time responsibilities to the foundation and to Greg and CeCe.  I cannot just take off to the ranch because you demand it.” Sarah replied losing her control.
“Bring them with you.  We will make it a big party.” suggested David
“David, they are my employers!”
“So, we liked them.  They would like to come again.  Ask them.”
“David!” Sarah cried exasperated.  “Were you always this stubborn?”
“Yes, were you?” David replied knowing he was “king” of his household.
“No, but I have learned a lot about it in the recent past.” Sarah countered. “But I still cannot come to the ranch with or without them.”
“I’ll call them and ask them myself.” David suggested.
Sarah burst out laughing.  “David, I am the person you talk too if you want to talk to the Davises.  And I am not putting you through to them.  So knock it off.”
Lindsay finally chimed into the conversation “David, let me talk to Sarah alone.  Go to work.”
“Alright, but Sarah?”
“Yes, David” she said indulgently
“This isn’t over.  I won’t give up until you come home.”
“Bye David.  Have a good day!”
“Sarah” Lindsay said “He is gone for now.  Please come to the ranch.”
“I have a better idea.  You come to Phoenix on Saturday and we will have lunch.”
“I would love too.  Then will you come to the ranch another Saturday.”
“We’ll see.” 
Sarah and Lindsay made their lunch plans and said their goodbyes.  David was not going to give up.  But he was about to find out about how stubborn Sarah was too.  She was not going to the ranch.  And also she couldn’t go to the ranch by herself.  
David called Dalton as soon as he was in his office in the barn.
“Hi David, what’s up?”
“That girl is so stubborn.  She…”
“Let me guess, you called Sarah.” Dalton inferred from his brother’s exasperated tone.  
“She won’t come to the ranch on Saturday.” David mimicked Sarah’s voice “I have full-time responsibilities to the foundation and to the Davises  blah blah blah”
Dalton laughed “She is telling the truth there, David.  From what I gather is on-call 24/7 with the Davises and she is running a multi-million dollar foundation.”
“So, I even said to invite the Davises. Ok it was more like a threat that I would call the Davises myself”
“And…”
“She just laughed at me.  That girl is so stubborn.”
“Yeah, you mentioned that before.  Then what happened?”
“Nothing.  Lindsay told me to leave and she would talk to Sarah alone.  I listened at the door and they made plans for Lindsay to go to Phoenix on Saturday for lunch.”
“Well, that is a start.  Lindsay will convince her to come soon.  Did you happen to mention to Sarah that her horse was waiting for her to ride?  You know she can’t pass that up.” 
“No, I forgot that I’ll call her back.” and hung up on Dalton
David’s phone rang right back.
“What?”
“You hung up on me.”
“So?”
“Do not call Sarah back today.  Wait until next time.”
“Aren’t you anxious for Sarah to come home?” David asked puzzled.
“Yes, but I want Lindsay and her to be friends even more than that.  I cheated them out of a lot of years as friends.  I won’t get in between them again.”
“But…”
“Good bye David”
David ignored his brother and dialed Sarah again.  
“HQ Service Foundation.  Amy speaking.  How may I direct your call?”
“Amy, it is David Matthews again.  May I speak to Sarah?”
“One moment, I will see if she is available.”
Amy buzzed Sarah’s intercom again.  “It’s David Matthews again, do you want to talk to him?”
Sarah’s head thunked onto the table as she groaned “Put him through.”
“Hello David.  How can I help you?” Sarah patronized
“You can come to the ranch and exercise your horse that has been waiting for five years.  She is ready for a long ride.”
“What horse?  I don’t have a horse there.  And you wouldn’t let any horse not be exercised as they should be.”
“Star Dancer”
“Star Dancer is not my horse.”
“Yes, she is.  You named her she is yours.” 
“David that is ridiculous!  Just because I named her doesn’t make her mine.  I didn’t pay you anything and I cannot afford a horse that expensive.”
“I gave her to you.”
“What?  You cannot give me an expensive horse.”
“It’s my ranch, I can do whatever I want.”
“So says the king” Sarah said under her breath “David listen to me, I cannot accept a gift that expensive from you and why were you giving me a gift in the first place?”
“It’s my ranch, I can do whatever I want for whatever reason I want.  Are you refusing?  I’ll tell Nathan.”
“That is not my horse, I am not coming to the ranch and I am hanging up now. Goodbye David.”
Sarah’s head thunked onto the table again.  “Arghhhhhh Those Matthews are stubborn.  I am changing my phone numbers again for self-preservation.”
David stared at the phone as Sarah hung up on him.  He called Dalton instead.
“She refused my gift and then hung up on me.  She is stubborn,” David said as Dalton answered.
“You called her again!  David, we are trying to bring her home not drive her away again.  Ease up!”
“Well, we have known where she is for more than two months and she has been home yet.  Your way wasn’t working so I tried mine.”
“Oh yeah and that was more successful?” David questioned
“No.  I tried to be real nice and tell her the horse was a gift.”
“And what did she say to that?”
“She said I couldn’t give her a gift that expensive.  So I told her that it was my ranch and I could do whatever I wanted for whatever reason I wanted.  I even threatened to tell Nathan that she wouldn’t take one of his girls.”
“David!  Are you crazy?”
“No, I want her to come home where she belongs.” He said to Dalton as if Dalton wasn’t aware of the plan.
“David, listen to me.  Do not call her again.  I will talk to you later.  I have to call Sarah and explain that you take a high powered medication and that she shouldn’t be afraid.”
“Hey that isn’t nice.” But all he heard was the dial tone.  “I am being perfectly reasonable.” David said to an empty office.
Sarah’s intercom buzzed again a few minutes after she hung up on David.  “Sarah, it’s Dalton Matthews this time, do you want to talk to him?”
“No, but put him through anyway.”
Sarah snatched up the receiver when the phone rang and just started talking.
“Don’t start with me.  Your brother is already driving home the point that he wants me to come to the ranch.  I am changing all the phone numbers so you all can’t find me again.  And what does he mean he gave me a horse?  It might be his ranch and he can do whatever he wants but that is just nuts.  No one gives away an expensive horse.  Well, aren’t you going to say anything?”
“Hi Sarah, How is your day?”
Sarah growled into the phone.  “I am hanging up on you too.”
“No wait.  David is really anxious for you to come home.”
“No, I hadn’t guessed that.  He told me to come home, he tried asking, he tried threatening my bosses, then he threatened me then next it was threatening me with a horse that isn’t mine and then he threatened me with Nathan.  Yeah, Dalton, I had figured that part out.  
“Sorry”
“He really can’t give me a horse, Dalton.”
“Yes, he can and did.  You heard him “it is his ranch and he can do whatever he wants” 
“So speaks the king’s brother.’ Sarah said under her breath
“What?  I didn’t catch that.”
“Dalton, I am going to tell you this and you pass it along to David, Lindsay and whomever else needs to hear it.  I cannot come to the ranch.”
Something in Sarah’s tone trouble Dalton so he asked “Ever?”
“Dalton, I try to never say never but yes maybe.” She replied very quietly 
“Why?  I thought everything was resolved and in the past. You and Lindsay can be friends again?  You can come home.”
“Stage West is not my home, Dalton.” She countered very sadly then added “I have to go to work” and hung up the phone with tears streaming down her face again.
Dalton swore and slammed the phone down on his desk.  Then slapped the intercom button on his desk, “Gloria, send a dozen yellow roses to Sarah Dawson at the HQ Service Foundation.  The note needs to say “I’m sorry” Dalton.”
“Yes, sir.  I’ll take care of it.  Anything else?”
“No. but thanks.”
Sarah received the roses from Dalton that afternoon.  She was working with Greg when the front gate buzzed her with the delivery.  She ignored the puzzled glance from Greg and went back to their discussion.  She did not want to think about the Matthews anymore today.  She had stressed enough about it.  
Sarah went to her home that night and debated on how to handle the Matthews.  David had given her a horse which she couldn’t afford or use.  Dalton had tried to make it better but ended up making it worse.  And Lindsay was once again stuck in the middle.  For manners sake she needed to thank Dalton for the flowers but it was going to be a hard call to make.
She picked up the phone and dialed his cell phone.
“Hello”
“Dalton, it’s Sarah.  Don’t say anything.  Just let me get this out.  Thank you for the flowers.  It wasn’t necessary, no apology was needed.  There isn’t anyone at fault here.  I just cannot come to Stage West.  Maybe, someday, if things change but not now.  Can you get everyone to lighten up on that?  Lindsay and I can be friends without me coming to the ranch.  I have two full time jobs and I have 24/7 responsibilities.  My free time is limited anyway.  I cannot take the stresses of this situation.  Let things work at naturally without everyone trying so hard.  Please.”
“Ok, Sarah.  I will get the point across to everyone.”
“Thanks”
“You won’t really change your phone numbers again will you?”
“No, I won’t.  I’ll be here.”
“Can I call you sometimes?”
“Yes”
“Good.”
“And Dalton, I can’t take David’s gift of a horse.”
“Well, I am not getting in the middle of that.  You and he can argue about that later.  Good luck winning that argument though.” Dalton said on a much lighter note.  
“Why do you think I wanted you to do it?”
“Gee, thanks.”
“Goodbye Dalton”
“Good-night Sarah.  No more goodbyes”
“Good-night Dalton”
Dalton hung up and went in search of his family again.  It was time for another “family” meeting.  
Nick grumbled at Dalton as they entered the living room.  “I haven’t seen your sorry face this much in years and now every day for the last two months we have had a family meeting.”  Gabby thumped her son upside the head.  “Shut up Nick.”
“Yeah, shut up Nick” Dalton groused right back.  “I realize we have met quite a few times recently but this one is important too.” 
“We have to ease up on getting Sarah to come home to Stage West.”
“Why?” asked Gabby “Who has been after her to come home?”
Dalton glared and pointed at David “I think you should answer that question.”
“What did I do?  I just invited her here on Saturday.” David defended himself.
“Try again David.” Dalton replied knowingly
“All I did was invite her here.”
“Fine, I’ll tell them.  David and Lindsay called up Sarah this morning and invited her here on Saturday.  When she said she couldn’t come because she has other responsibilities mainly to the Davises.  David told her to tell the Davises to come also.  Then he threatened to go around her and ask them himself.  Then when that didn’t work he gave up for about two minutes then called her back and told her to come exercise her horse which she didn’t know she had.  And then when she said she couldn’t except his gift of a horse, he threatened her again by saying he was going to tell Nathan that she wouldn’t accept one of his girls.”
“David!” Gabby whaled before she thumped him on the head also.
“Hey, there was nothing wrong with me doing any of those things.” David defended rubbing the sore spot on his head.  “She was being stubborn.  She still is!”
Gabby just thumped him again and Lindsay did the same on the other side.
“I called her up to tell her not to be afraid of David and that he was on high-powered medication, but she blasted me too without even a hello. And threatened to change her phone numbers again.”  Dalton paused “And she ended up by repeating very dejectedly that she could not come to the ranch.”
“Ever?” Gabby asked
“That was my question” replied Dalton  “Her response was maybe someday.  So I tried to defend David’s invite again by saying David just wanted her to come home.  She hung up on me after saying “Stage West is not my home.”  I sent some roses as an apology.  She called a few minutes ago to say thanks and to ask that we please ease up on getting her to come here.  She said if things changed she could probably come but not now.  She said her and Lindsay could be friends without her coming to Stage West.”
“Did you guys ruin my lunch with her?” Lindsay asked fiercely
“No, sweetie, she is still going to do that.” Dalton answered her.
“So everyone, especially you David, ease up!  David, you lose her phone number.  No more threats and we will work to get her home over time.”
“Dalton, what about you getting to know her too?”
“Lindsay!” 
“Oops sorry.  I forgot.”
Gabby’s eyes began to twinkle as Lindsay had already confided to her that Dalton might be seeing Sarah in a new light.  “Is there something you want to tell us Dalton?” queried Gabby
“No!”
“I’ll just ask Lindsay later and she will tell me whatever I want to know so you might as well tell me now.” Gabby grinned sweetly
“That’s blackmail.”
“Yes, so spill it.”
Dalton threatened Lindsay with a powerful glare and turned to pace toward the window.  Here he was pacing again.
“Dalton, I’m waiting.” 
“Fine.  Yes, I would like to get to know Sarah better.  She is beautiful, smart and classy and I would like to get to know her as someone besides a friend.  There are you happy now?”
“Yes, I am.” Gabby replied with suspiciously moist eyes.  “I think that would be wonderful.”
Nick burst out laughing at his best friend.  This was going to be fun to watch.  Dalton has taken the fall for a girl he once said he didn’t ever want to see again.
“Whoa.  Hold up.  Get that dreamy expression off of your face.  And you Nick can stop laughing at any time.” Dalton glared at his best friend but continued “She may not want anything to do with me or this family since it appears we all need high powered medications to act like civilized human beings.” He finished and went back to pacing the floor.
Nathan was the first to take offense at his comment. “I haven’t done anything to that sweet girl.”
“It is guilt by association, Nathan.” Dalton countered
A few minutes of silence passed until Dalton faced them again.  “Everyone agrees to ease up on Sarah?”
“No.  I don’t agree.” said David.  
“Shut up David” everyone shouted at once and left the room.  
Dalton caught up to Lindsay as she tried to escape.  “You are due for dunking in the pool again lil’ sister.  Not everyone needed to know my feelings about Sarah.”
“They love you, why shouldn’t they know.”
“Because Nick is going to ride me to death on this subject.  I can already guess how bad it is going to be.  And Gabby…”
“So, you’re tough.  You can take it.”
“Yeah, maybe.” Dalton said as he stalked off to his room.  He fell face down on his bed in embarrassment and frustration.  This has been a very long day. His cell phone rang and he saw Nick’s name on the display.  “Don’t start with me.  I am tired and it has been a tough enough day.”
“What?  I just called to ask if you want to go riding on Saturday and spend the night at the cabin.  It is a great time of year to enjoy it.”
“Okay.  What time are we leaving?”
“Be ready at ten. Night.”
“Yeah whatever.”
Dalton climbed into bed a few minutes later hoping his dreams would be as sweet as last night.  But probably he was going to dream that Sarah ran away screaming “they are all just too crazy”.  However his dream this night was of he and Sarah dancing at their wedding reception.  Sarah was beautiful in a white wedding dress and she stared up at him as if he hung the moon just for her.  


Chapter 10

Saturday morning Sarah met with CeCe to give her the day’s itinerary.  She wanted to remind her that she was meeting Lindsay for lunch but to call if she needed her.  CeCe waved her away with a “have a good time.”
Sarah met Lindsay for lunch at a quiet café in Peoria where they would have plenty of privacy for their lunch. 
Lindsay had tears in her eyes as she and Sarah exchanged hugs “Sarah, it is so good to see you again.”
“Oh Lindsay, don’t start that now.  I’ll cry all the way through lunch.”
“We probably will anyway but who cares.”
“I don’t want David calling me again when you come home with red, swollen eyes.  One conversation with him this week was more than enough.  And then that second call was…  I don’t want a third.” Sarah shivered dramatically
“I’m sorry about him.  He is stubborn.”
“No, he is king of his ranch and us lowly subjects must do as he commands.”
Lindsay burst out laughing. “You picked that up from his phone call.”
“Yes, it was very easy as he was commanding me to take his horse.”  Sarah switched to her David impersonation “It is my ranch and I can do whatever I want…”
“Yep, that’s David.”
“And he cannot give me I horse.  You have to help me convince him.”
“NO! You and he can argue about that later.  But don’t count on his changing his mind.”
“Dalton wouldn’t help me either.” 
“Speaking of Dalton, Sarah, I am so sorry about what happened that morning in the barn.”
“Stop right there.  You have nothing to apologize for.  Dalton and I have worked this out and put it in the past.  Now everyone else does too.  It happened but now we move forward.”
“OK.  So start at the beginning and tell me what has happened in your life for five years…” queried Lindsay.
So they talked about each other’s lives for the next several hours.  They recalled stories of their days at Meadows University. And ended the day with plans to meet again soon.


Nick and Dalton headed out on their ride Saturday morning also.  They usually rode up the south part of the ranch along the creek until they reached the cabin.  
They had not been gone from the stable very long before Nick gave his friend a curious glance and said “So Sarah, is beautiful now is she?”
“I knew you would start in on me” replied Dalton 
“Of course I am going to give you grief about this.  So tell Nick all…”
“There is nothing to tell.  Yes, I have wanted to ask her out since that gala.  I asked her to dance at the gala but she wouldn’t do it.  I guess I know why now.  She was absolutely stunning in that dress she had on.  She had the crowd mesmerized as she talked to them.  She is beautiful.”
“You mentioned that before” smarted Nick
“Shut up.  Then she came to my office to talk to me about the foundation.  Knowing what I know now that took a lot of professionalism to sit there and look me in the eye when my hurtful words were running through her head.  She sold me on her mission at the same time she was picturing me slamming her.”  Dalton paused then spit out “Man, am I the world’s biggest idiot or what?”
“Yes.  I never did get what or why you said what you did that day.  I remember thinking at the time how you could not like Sarah?”
“I explained this to Sarah and to Lindsay so why not you too.  Sarah was just a kid to me. She wasn’t family and a kid who wasn’t family didn’t need to be at my birthday party.  She was Lindsay’s friend not mine and what did I care if I ever saw her again.
“Ouch, Sarah didn’t deck you after you gave her that reason?”
“No, she still just kept blaming herself for being where she wasn’t wanted.  That was probably when I clamped my hand over her mouth again to shut her up.  I think she was more shocked at that point and forgot about decking me.”
“And now how does she feel?”
“We hope that everyone can put it behind us now and move on with our lives.”
“Did David really threaten her?”
“Yes and she laid into me like I could do anything about it.  I wanted to reach through the phone and kiss her to shut her up.  But I sat there and waited until she stopped for air.  Of course I was picturing her and how beautiful she looks when she is fierce.”
“Call the minister, your single days are over.”
“Shut up Nick”
“Did you pick out a ring yet?”
“Shut up Nick”
“Mama is going to be thrilled when I tell her.”
“Shut up Nick.  There is nothing to tell.  We haven’t gone out on any dates and we may never.  She isn’t thrilled with the Matthews’ men right now.”
Nick couldn’t resist singing “goin to the chapel and we’re goin’ to get married”
“Shut up Nick” Dalton laughed and urged his horse into a trot to get away from the singing.
“You are not denying it!” Nick just sang louder as he caught up to Dalton.  “Seriously, have you asked her out?”
“No, after David’s actions on Thursday I decided to wait until next week.  I asked her if I could call her again and she agreed.  So I’ll go from there.”
“Good luck”
“Yeah I’ll need it.”
“Let me know when my tux needs to go to the cleansers.” Nick went right back to singing.
Dalton wasn’t paying attention to his words and didn’t know he was speaking out loud. “I can’t wait to dance with her at our wedding.”
“I’m calling the mama to start the wedding preparations.”
“Oh man, I didn’t just say that out loud did I?  I was right we all do need medications.”
Nick just smiled I have so much to tell Mama after this trip.  She is going to be thrilled.


Monday afternoon, Sarah was in her office at the foundation when Amy knocked on her door.
“Come in”
“I have a delivery for you Sarah.”
Sarah looked up from her report and looked at the delivery that Amy was holding.  It was another beautiful display of yellow roses.  Amy put the bouquet on the table in Sarah’s office.  Sarah rose to get the card from the flowers.  It simply read Dalton.  For several seconds Sarah was completely stunned.  Why did he send more flowers?
“Sarah, is there something you would like to share with your best assistant and friend?  This is the second bouquet that you have received in less than a week.”
“Well it is a very long story.” Sarah replied hesitantly.  “And I can’t share all of it with you.  The last bouquet was an apology.  This one is a mystery.”
“Are you seeing someone?” inquired Amy
Sarah shouted “No!” 
“Ok, Ok!”
“So, start talking about whatever you can tell me.  Does this have something to do with all those calls last week from various Matthews?”
“Yes, the “apology” bouquet was from Dalton to apologize for nearly all of his family members calling me.”
“And?”  Amy urged as she sat in the chair opposite Sarah’s desk.
Sarah returned to her chair and began the story.  “Several years ago when I was in college, I was roommates and best friends with Lindsay Matthews.  I would spend school vacations with the Matthews at their ranch outside of Phoenix.  The summer of our graduation I went back to the ranch for a birthday party, unfortunately, I overheard so unpleasant things about me and I ran as fast as I could to escape and never contacted a member of the Matthews family again.  I never told anyone what had happened to make me run away.  I did, however, keep in contact with their housekeeper, Gabby, whom you know.  Anyway, I hadn’t talked to David or Dalton or Lindsay for five years and it would probably still be that way except that Dalton came to see Greg and “reintroduced” us.  I tried to keep away from them and I even arranged for Cameron and Desiree to distract them at the gala.  Unfortunately, that time that Greg and CeCe went to their ranch, Dalton got upset with me for not attending and one thing and another I yelled the entire hurtful episode at him.  Then I ran to my car and came home.  The good thing is that Lindsay and I can maybe be friends again.  Dalton and I apologized for the yelling match.  I don’t know why the flowers today though.”
“Call him and find out.” Amy exclaimed.
“I will but I am in the middle of working so I will do it later.”
“But I won’t be here later to snoop.”
“Exactly.  Now get back to work” Sarah replied with a big smile on her face.  “And Amy, that story doesn’t leave this room.  Too many people have been hurt by it already, I won’t have anymore.”
“I won’t tell anyone.  I promise.”  
“Thank you.  I think I am done with you for today if you want to go home early.”
“That would be great.  See you tomorrow.”
“Goodnight.”
Sarah tried to ignore the roses and go back to her work but her mind kept wondering why?  We said our apologies.  He apologized for his crazy family’s behavior.  There is no other need for another apology.  It is probably a mistaken delivery.
Sarah finished reading her report and checked her email one more time just in case any clients needed her.  She had a mostly free night and she was going to start it early.  After she called Dalton to tell him his florist made a mistake and delivered her flowers.
“Hello?”
“It’s Sarah Dawson.”
“You announce your last name to me like I don’t know who you are.  This is my personal cell phone, you are the only Sarah who would be calling.”
“Oh.  I am sorry to bother you but your florist made a mistake and delivered some flowers to me with a card from you.  They probably got Thursday’s delivery mixed up with today’s.”
“First of all, you are not bothering me.  Secondly, why do you think it is a mistaken delivery?”
“You don’t have any reason to be sending me flowers.”
“I don’t?  Why wouldn’t I have a reason to send you flowers?”
“We haven’t argued since the last bouquet so there is no need for an apology.  So I think there is a mistake at the florist.”
“Sarah, the flowers were not a mistake.  They were delivered to you at my request.”
“Why?”
“Because I am trying to change your opinion of me.”
“Why?  I mean you don’t even know my opinion of you.  What makes you think it needs to be changed?”
“Let me think” Dalton began “I chased you away from your best friend with my stupidity.”
“Ok, one more time, you did not do anything wrong.  You stated your honest opinion and I just happened to be within hearing distance.
“Sarah…”
“Let me finish.  I don’t think I apologized to you for blaming you.  Now, no more on this subject.”
“Yes, more on this subject… you do not get to apologize for telling me something I should have been shot for years ago.  I am at fault.  End of subject.  But that isn’t why I sent the flowers.”
“I am only letting that subject go because I am more curious about why you sent the flowers.”
“Would you go out with me on Friday night? AndmaybetonighttoobecauseIcan’twaituntilthen?” he rushed to get the words out.
There was stunned silence on Sarah’s end of the phone call for several seconds.  She was sure that she had heard wrong.  Maybe a vertigo spell had hit her without her being aware of it.  He couldn’t have just asked me out?
“Sarah, you are killing me.  Say something.”
“Uh, I believe I mentioned that this is Sarah Dawson right?”
“I know who I am talking too.”
“Is this about the foundation?”
“No!”
“Can you repeat the question?  I am sure I heard wrong and I don’t want to assume.”
“Would you go out with me on Friday night? And maybe tonight too because I can’t wait until then?  I can pick you up in an hour.”
“Dalton, you just asked me out for dinner tonight and again on Friday.  
“Yes that is what I asked.”
“Why?  I mean - yeah. Why?”
“I will discuss why if you go with me.  Tonight it would just be a good restaurant.  Friday will be dress-up and a nice restaurant.  So will you go?”
“Yes to tonight. Maybe to Friday depending on the reason why and if you don’t change your mind after tonight.”
Change my mind. Not a chance he thought to himself.  “I can pick you up in an hour if that would be okay.”
“Sure, the guard at the gate will let you in.  Just pull in front of the main house and I will meet you there.”
“See you soon.”
“Dalton, thank you for the flowers.  They are beautiful.”
“Not as beautiful as you.” Dalton said to her as a goodbye.
Dalton Matthews had just said she was beautiful.  She was certainly hearing things.  He couldn’t think that about her.  
Dalton arrived at the front gate about an hour later.  The guard directed him to the main house and called Sarah.  Sarah walked from her house to Dalton’s car.  He was outside of the car waiting for her; but he hadn’t heard her approach so she had time to study him.  Well, it was Dalton who I was talking to and he is here so I don’t believe it is a joke.  But still, he said I was beautiful.  If he wants to see beautiful, he should look in a mirror.
“Hi” she said as she approached the car
“Hi, yourself.  You look nice.” Nice he thought to himself.  I need to find a new word besides beautiful, maybe dazzling would work.  
“You are here so it was you I was talking to on the phone.  But are you sure you are feeling alright?”
“I feel great and yes I know what I am doing here.  This isn’t a mistake.  I have all my faculties.” He laughed as he handed her into the car and went around to the driver’s side.
“You said I was more beautiful than the flowers; that doesn’t tell me you have all your faculties.” Sarah stated as he sat down in the car.
He gently gripped her chin to turn her face to his.  “Forget the past Sarah, I want a chance to make a new first impression.  Please let me try.”
“Dalton, you…”
“Please don’t.  We are starting fresh tonight.  We are going to enjoy our dinner and talk about our fresh start.  If in the future we need to talk about the past, then we will.  But not tonight.” He said as he reached to start the car.
She put her hand on his to stop him for a second. “Dalton, thank you for the compliments.” And without thinking leaned over and kissed his cheek.  “Sorry, that just sort of happened.”
“Well, it can “sort of happen” again whenever you feel like it.” He replied softly as he started the car.  
“Dalton, what is going on?  Last week we were still arguing with each other and now you want me to “sort of” kiss your cheek whenever I want to.  Did I miss the part where we had been dating for a while?”
“A while?  When we are dating you not going to feel comfortable kissing me for a while?
“Dalton!”
Dalton’s head thumped down onto the steering wheel.  “I think I do need medicine.  My brain thinks it and my mouth just says it lately.”
“Dalton Matthews, you better start explaining yourself right now.”
“Let’s go to the restaurant, I’ll explain there.”
Dalton drove them to a restaurant not too far from the Davis estate.  They had good food, good service and most of all more privacy than most restaurants.  They were seated and had placed their orders when Sarah crossed her arms and ordered Dalton to start talking.
“You are beautiful when you are fierce.”
Sarah jaw dropped.  “What?”
“Oh no, not again.  I just said that out loud didn’t I?”
“Yes, you did.”
“How do I explain this without looking like a complete idiot?”
“I’ll just ask you a question to get you started, is this a date?”
“Yes!”
“And you think there will be more dates?”
“I sincerely hope so yes.”
“I am ready for the explanation of why you want there to be more dates.”
“I want to get to know you better.”
“Okay, but going out on dates or dating has certain implications from my point of view.”
“Mine too.”
“Ok, I am going to be blunt here. Dating in …”
“Please do.”
“Dating in my point of view is a stepping stone – a means -  to a future together between a man and a woman.  Dating, in my point of view, is not just pick a new companion like you do socks.  I am not saying I want a future with everyone I have gone out with, but I wouldn’t call that dating either.  My personal definition of dating is more than a few dates with some exclusivity.” 
“Perfect explanation.  I agree.”
“Agreed with what exactly?”
“With your definition of dating, it’s perfect.  I’m glad we agree.”
“Again, agree on what?”
“We agree we are dating.”
“Who is dating?”
“You and me.” replied Dalton smugly. I got her to agree with me and I didn’t have to explain anything
“Backup a second, I did not agree we are dating.  I gave you my definition of what dating means to me.  Not, I repeat Not, that we are dating.”
“Well, I don’t agree with that part.”
She hissed at him “Dalton Matthews explain yourself this instant or I am calling a cab and going home.”
“Which part am I explaining exactly?”
“That’s it. I am leaving, enjoy your dinner.” She said as she got up to leave the table.
“Ok, I’m sorry.  Please stay” he replied humbly
“Spill it.  From the roses until now, I want to know what is up with you.”
“I sent the roses today because I wanted to.  I wanted to go out with you and I was going to ask you last week, but David screwed up my plan.” He paused hoping she wouldn’t need any more explanation because now it gets embarrassing.
“Keep going you have a long way to go.”
“So, I was hoping you would call me about the roses.  However, I didn’t imagine you would think they were a mistaken delivery.  Anyway, my plan was that if you called I would ask you out for Friday.  ButIknewthatwastoolongtowaitsoIaskedfortonighttoo.”
“Repeat that last part, I didn’t catch it.”
He looked embarrassed but stated “I knew that Friday was too far away so I asked you for tonight too.”
“We will come back to that part unless it is part of the explanation for why you think you and I  - in your opinion only – are dating.”
“Well, actually I don’t want to be dating you. I want..”
“What was all that about then?”
“If you let me finish… I want to have already done the dating and us be on our way to a permanent relationship.” he stated reverently but without looking at her.
She was speechless.  She must be having a very weird dream.  
“Say something, please.”
She held up one finger to indicate she needed a minute.  He raised his hands to cover his face and hoped with all his might that she didn’t run screaming from the restaurant.  
Very gently her hand reached across the table and drew his hands down but she didn’t let go of them.  “Dalton, 
“I love the way you say my name.” again he rendered her speechless.
“I am sure that I am going to wake up any minute here from this bizarre dream, right?”
“You are not dreaming sweetheart.”
“Do not talk for a second.  Don’t you think you have jumped from step A to step Z without the steps in the middle.  A permanent relationship?  Isn’t that a little bit or a whole lot premature?  I was asking why you “sort of” wanted me to kiss your cheek again and you jumped to dating and now you are talking a permanent relationship.  Let’s go ahead and throw it all on the table – since this has to be a dream anyway- what sort of permanent relationship?”
“It’s funny you should mention dreams, because last Wednesday night, I had the sweetest dream of us walking on a moonlit beach talking and holding hands.  And Thursday’s dream was even better, we were dancing at our wedding reception.”
“That is certainly not what I dreamed.” She said quietly then she asked “So this permanent relationship you mentioned is marriage?”
“Yep, the sooner the better.” He smiled
“Now I know you are joking and I am dreaming.” She said feeling a little bit relieved.  He had to be joking.  Maybe?
“Yes and no I was joking and no you are not dreaming.  I am going to explain.” He paused while he chose his words so she wouldn’t run away.  “Yes I am joking that our wedding needs to be sooner rather than later.  But I am nearly 100% sure that there will be a marriage between you and me.  Don’t panic just yet.” He said as she hastily removed her hands from his and just as calmly he gathered them back up as he moved to sit next to her. “I want you to think of this dinner as a date.  I want you to go out with me Friday on a date.  And as many times as we can, go out on dates until we are both sure that we do or do not want a permanent relationship together.  We have a lot to overcome and maybe we can’t but my sincerest hope is that we can.  Will you try?  Will you “date” me and see what happens? And what did you mean, “that certainly isn’t what I dreamed?”
“You’re serious?” she replied after studying his eyes for signs of something akin to laughter or pulling one over on her.  She wouldn’t be able to handle that again.
“Extremely!”
“Ok, I’ll agree that this is a date.  And maybe go out on Friday, I didn’t look at the Davises schedule yet and we are leaving for Hawaii on Sunday.  I may have things to do to get ready to leave for two weeks.  But Dalton, we have some serious obstacles to overcome not the least of which is my jobs.  You do remember that I have two full-time jobs and for one of those jobs I am on-call 24/7 no matter what.  And you are the head of a multi-billion dollar company; there are a few challenges that you have also.  And one more thing, I might have been a kid five years ago, but I have lived a life now that you may not be able to handle and I may not be able to let you handle.  Don’t ask right now, the point is we have lots to talk about.”
“I know we have a lot to talk about, let’s take it one day at a time and see where it goes.  If your schedule permits, will you have dinner with me Friday night?”
“Yes.  I will let you know tomorrow.”
“Wonderful”
“Did you really dream those dreams?”
He melted her with his smile.  “Yes, they were great dreams.” And leaned over to kiss her cheek.
They were pretty silent as they ate their meal.  After dessert, Sarah braved another question.
“Dalton, what about your family?  Are they going to be okay with this?”
His mouth dropped in surprise.  “My family loves you.  But I don’t think that is really what you are asking is it?”
She shook her head.
“Ask me what you really want to know.”
“I guess my question is what happens if Lindsay and I renew our friendship and then you and I don’t work?  I’m back in the same place I was for the last five years.”
“No, never again.  Here is what I know, I want you and Lindsay to be best friends again.
“How is that possible if you and I don’t get along?”
“Let me explain this a different way.  When I told Lindsay that you and I had “cleared the air” and I had given you my reasons for what I said in the barn.  She asked me my reasons and I told her the same thing I told you.  Then she asked me about what I thought of you now.” Dalton cleared his throat to hide his coming embarrassment. “My comment to her was that I thought you were beautiful and that I was going to try to get to know you better.”  He raised his head to get her reaction to that statement.  “Then she teased me about it and I threw her in the pool.  But the point is this, she warned me that if we dated and it didn’t work out, she wasn’t losing you as a friend again.  It would be my problem to deal with.”
“That is what I am afraid of, it won’t just be your problem. It will be…
“Maybe you should hear the rest of this tale even though it is horribly embarrassing.  The night after David harassed you on the phone, we had a family meeting and I told everyone to ease up on you about coming to the ranch.  At some point, Lindsay asked me if my chances with you were gone also.  So then everyone wanted to know what she was talking about.  So my whole family already knows that I want to get to know you.  So if this between you and me falls apart, I will be out of the family, not you!  But to reassure you, it isn’t going to fall apart.”
“Not if we don’t start it in the first place, shouldn’t we just remain this way so I can’t hurt your family relationships again.” she replied very softly.
“I understand how you would feel that way, but please give us a chance.  And don’t think for a minute that anyone blames you for what happened.”
Sarah lowered her head for a few minutes to regain her composure.  This night is so unexpected.  It is some dream, tomorrow when I wake up it will all be over and I will be so sad.  Gently Dalton reached over and lifted her chin so she would look at him.  “Are you okay?”
“No. Tomorrow when I wake up and find this was all a dream, then I am going to be really sad.  Because this is a really good dream beyond anything I could have imagined.”
“I am going to call you first thing in the morning and say it all over again so you will know it wasn’t a dream.” Dalton paused for a few seconds then asked “Now, back to your previous mention of a dream, what did you dream that wasn’t as good as mine?”
“You weren’t supposed to hear that.”
“Tell me.”
“One night after one of our talks in the park, I had a recurring dream that you” she paused to swallow hard “screamed at me to leave the ranch and never come back.”
“Recurring dream?” Dalton asked 
Sarah nodded
“Oh, sweetheart, I am sorry.” He said as he gathered her in his arms.  “Forget that dream and remember this one since you “think” it is a dream.”
He held her for just a moment as she regained her composure and he kept his emotions from boiling out also.  He gently kissed the top of her head and sat her upright.  
“So many things have happened tonight, I am a little overwhelmed.  Is that okay?”
“I know I jumped from A to Z but something about me and you feels right.  I hope you see that when you get a chance to process everything.  Yes, it is okay that you are overwhelmed.  I just have one more thing to say then we can head home.”
“I’m ready go ahead.” she pretended to brace herself for bad news.
“Are you listening very closely?”
“Yes.”
“I admire you so much.  Your dedication to your jobs, your professionalism at my office when I know that had to have been hard to face me.  Your mission to help others and most importantly, you are very beautiful.”
“Try looking in a mirror.”
“What?”
“Oh no, now I have it.  Brain thinks it, mouth says it.”
“Maybe it is contagious, I think this time I like that you have it.  Now what were you saying?”
“I said “Try looking in a mirror.”  I am just me but you are very handsome.
She got another kiss on the cheek.
“Thank you.” he replied.  “Are you ready to head home?  And you are not just you, my beauty.”  She began to move from the table.  
He gently led her away from the restaurant towards the car and helped her in.  They were quiet on the ride back to her home.  She directed him where to go in the driveway so it would be closer to her house.  She moved to get out of the car but he stopped her and came around to open the door for her.  He held out his hand for her to take as she exited the car but he didn’t release it.  She led him to her doorway and turned to look at him.
“Two weeks in Hawaii, starting Sunday?”
“Yes, business for me and pleasure for Greg and CeCe.  Okay, probably some relaxing time for me also, I could use some after the last few months.  That gala was a lot of work.”
“Not to mention a surgery, which I will ask about at another time.  You need to go to sleep and finish this dream.  I will call you in the morning.”
“Thank you for dinner.” She said with a shy smile.
Dalton bent to kiss her cheek, then backed away with a smile on his face and his hand positioned over his heart.  Sarah turned and went into her house pondering this night.  My journal is going to be interesting tonight.  Except when it came time to write that journal entry, she couldn’t write down the hopes in her heart.  If they didn’t come true she would have a written reminder of more heartaches.  In the end she just wrote, dinner with Dalton.
Early the next morning as she was preparing for work, she received a phone call.
“Hello”
“Do you remember our dinner last night?” 
“Yes, but I think I am still dreaming.  And now this phone call is part of the dream.”
“Did you pinch yourself?”
“Yes, it hurt.”
“Then apparently you are awake.  Good morning my beautiful Sarah!”
“If he keeps this up, I am going to start to believe him.” She muttered to herself.  “Good morning.”
“You are supposed to believe it and I am going to keep saying that you are beautiful until the skeptical look in your eyes is gone and the disbelief in your voice goes away.”
“How are you today?  Did you sleep well?”
“Changing the subject will not change my mind.  Yes, I slept well, I had a great dream.  Want me to tell you about it?”
“No, I am having enough trouble with the previous dreams.”
“Too bad, I am going to tell you anyway.  We were having a romantic picnic here on the ranch.  There was a beautiful sunset and you were sitting with me and I was holding you in my arms and enjoying the views.”
There was silence on her end of the call as the tears started.  
“Sarah, did I lose you?”
“No” she said very quietly and breathlessly around the tears. 
“What’s wrong?”
After taking a few minutes to regain her composure, she spoke into the phone.  “That wasn’t fair, you caught me off guard.  I was overwhelmed by the first two dreams, what is beyond overwhelmed because that is what I am now.”
“Is that good or bad?”
“Surprising is a better word.  Since the roses yesterday you have been saying and doing things that I never imagined would ever happen to me in my life.  But since you are the one that is doing it, I am beyond words right now.  Is that awful to say to you?”
“No, you can be truthful with me.  I know you are surprised that it is from me.  I was in your shoes when I saw you at the gala.  I didn’t hear a word of your speech, I was mesmerized by you.  So I have had more time to process my feelings than you have.  Maybe I feel I need to be overwhelming you so that see that I mean what I say, not just maybe I might be interested in you.  Because of our past, you have a reason to be doubtful, but I would like those doubts gone sooner rather than later.  Should I try to stop with that approach?”
“I will answer that in a minute.  I have to clear something up first; will you answer a question with your best honest answer?  It is a tough question, and embarrassing maybe, will you answer it?”
“Yes, ask me whatever you need to know.”
“Last night at dinner, did you practically propose to me?  I mean, did you really mention that you see us getting married?  Oh that isn’t right either, never mind.  Forget I asked.”
“Sarah, the answer to those questions is Yes.  I really do see us getting married and yes I could have proposed last night.  But when I do have the honor to propose to you, it is going to be more special than last night’s dinner.”
“I am a practical, down-to-earth girl; this kind of stuff doesn’t happen to girls like me.  I am just …
“What do you mean, girls like you?  That sounds suspiciously like you are putting yourself down and that ain’t gonna happen my dear.  Repeat after me…Dalton thinks I am beautiful.  He thinks I am very special.”
“I can’t.”
“Yes, you can, but just to show that I am a nice guy, I will give you until after work to call me and repeat it to me.  If not, I am coming to your house and stand you in front of a mirror until you see what I see.”
“I can’t call you and tell you that about myself.  I would be embarrassed.”
“Ok, then tell the guard to expect me between 5:30 and 6:00 because I will be stopping by.  I have to go to work now, thanks for giving me a reason to stop to see you.  You made my day. Bye for now” he said as he hung up on her.   Yes, now I don’t have to wait until Friday to see the woman of my dreams.  It is going to be a great day!  And he went to breakfast with his family, where he received lots of curious looks about the smile on his face.  He chose to ignore them, let them wonder for a while longer.
Sarah slammed her cell phone shut and threw it on the couch.  I think I was just proposed to but the most unlikely person.  A man who never wanted to see me again just a few months ago.  I must still be asleep.


Chapter 11

Later that same afternoon, Sarah was meeting with Tyler and Amy about items that needed to be taken care of while she was in Hawaii.  She had delegated her time on the hotline to the counseling staff.  The online support group could be done in Hawaii and any other items could be handled by the staff.  “I am working on this trip so if there is an emergency, let me know.”
“If there is an extreme emergency, we will tell you.  But otherwise we are going to leave you alone to enjoy this time.  You have been rather quiet today and just not yourself.  Are you okay?” asked Amy.
“Ah, yeah I am fine.” She replied as she caught sight of Dalton’s flowers.  “I am just fine.”
“Sarah” Amy called to get her attention “are you thinking about the guy that sent those flowers?  Is there something you want to tell us?”
“No, there isn’t.” Sarah’s eyes dropped to her desk so they couldn’t give her away.  I was proposed to by the guy who sent those flowers.  And he thinks I am beautiful. “Now, anything else for today that I need to take care of?”
“No” replied Tyler and Amy as they left the office.  Outside the door they looked at each other.  “Something is up with her?” commented Tyler.  “Who sent her the flowers?”  Amy replied quietly that she would tell him another time.  
That evening Sarah was walking home when predictably her phone rang the display showed that it was Dalton.
“Hi”
“Do you have something to tell me?”
“I can’t say that.”
“Then I will see you within the hour.  What kind of pizza do you like?”
“This is crazy.”
“Pizza is crazy?  Okay, I’ll see you soon.” He said as he hung up on her again.
And true to his word, he arrived at the gate less than an hour later.  She cleared him to come in and was waiting for him at the door.  
“Come in” she said as he approached
He bent and kissed her cheek as he entered.  “How was your day?” he asked.
“Well, Amy said I wasn’t myself today.  I am sure that Tyler agreed.  I can’t imagine why I would be distracted; everything in the last twenty-four hours has made so much sense and been perfectly logical.”
Dalton chuckled “Lead me to your kitchen so I can feed you.” 
Sarah took him to the kitchen and retrieved the plates and drinks for their dinner.  “So how was your day?” she asked.
“My day was fabulous.  My assistant said I was on speed today.  I couldn’t do things fast enough.  I accomplished more today than all of last week.”
“Then you are way ahead for the week.”
“No, I was behind because I couldn’t concentrate last week.”
“Why?”
He just winked at her and went back to enjoying his pizza.  After they had cleaned up their dinner, he took her by the hand “Do you have something to tell me yet?”  And when she shook her head no, he dragged her to her bedroom and stood her in front of the mirror.  He stood behind her and made her look at herself in the mirror and waited.  And as he waited, her expression got more and more sad until she just wilted in his arms.  “Hey, what’s wrong?” he said as he gathered her close.
“I can’t to this Dalton.  I think you should go.” She said after a few minutes.
“Come on let’s go sit in the living room and tell me why you wilted like an old flower just because I had you look in the mirror.”
Like a puppet on a string she followed him to the living room and dropped onto the sofa.  Then she got up to pace for a while.  Then she sat down beside him again and asked him if he would listen to her whole explanation before saying anything.  He agreed and she began.
“In the last twenty-four hours you have repeatedly told me I am beautiful.  I appreciate the compliment but for the last five years I have had your other words screaming inside my head; whenever I thought of Lindsay I heard your words to Nick that I wasn’t pretty.  Most of the time when I talked to or saw Gabby, your words screamed inside my head.  And if that wasn’t often enough, whenever I saw your picture in the paper with a beautiful woman, your words screamed in my head.  You have been photographed with some really beautiful women.  I know what I look like, I don’t see beautiful when I look in the mirror.  I just see me.  One day of compliments is not going to change that; no matter how hard you try.” Sarah went to him and clasped his hand “Last night you said some really wonderful things to me and about our potential future.  I would like to continue on that path but it can’t be rushed.  I am a thinker and an analyzer I need “thinking time” to get myself to see what you see.  It was less than four months ago that I walked into Greg’s office and saw a man who never wanted to see me again.  Yesterday morning, I was still assuming the same thing.  Think on that from my perspective.”
“I’m sorry.  I hurt you so bad that day in the barn.  Nick is always telling David that he should have drowned me at birth, maybe he is right.” He stalked off to pace the floor.  After a few minutes of pacing she went and grabbed his hand and led him back to the sofa.  She sat on the coffee table in front of him and put her hands on his face to force him to look at her.
“I’m sorry to have brought up the past again but I didn’t know how else to get my point across about my believing your compliments.  I have, unfortunately, let the past dictate some of my beliefs and I will work to change that; but some really good things have happened to me also.  So if that day in the barn lead to those, then I am not sorry.  I mainly wanted you to see things from my perspective, not beat yourself up again.  Please.”  Sarah paused for effect but didn’t let go of his face and wouldn’t let him speak “Ignore what happened in front of the mirror.  I will learn to accept the compliments in time if you keep saying them.  I appreciate your up-front honesty about what you want and where you see us going.  I won’t be tempted to read a double meaning into your words and second guess you.  The last twenty-four hours have been amazing and wonderful, I am very happy.”
He cupped his hand on her cheek and smiled a glorious smile. “I will keep telling you that you are beautiful because I can’t not tell you.  You are so special and you treat me better than I deserve.  I have more than enjoyed the last twenty-four hours myself.  And happy?  I have never been happy before if this is happy.  Come here.” Dalton pulled her to sit beside him on the sofa and wrapped her into his heart.  They sat quietly for many minutes wrapped in each other’s arms.  He would kiss her hair frequently but other than that neither moved.  
“Dalton?”
“Yeah”
“Can we do this lots?”
“Do what lots?”
“Spend time wrapped in each other’s arms.”
“It will be my pleasure!  In my daydreams I picture myself holding you for hours upon hours.” He chuckled and said “That’s why I didn’t get much done last week at work.”
Sarah looked up at him and smiled.  “I guess I have something to look forward to then.  I don’t think I know anything better than being held in these arms.” She said as she snuggled back in. “Tell me something, anything but heavy topics.” She replied from her place in his arms.  “How is Nick?”
Sarah felt Dalton’s arms shaking with laughter. “If he knew what I was doing right now, he would be saying I told you so.”
“Why?”
“Remember my telling you about the last family meeting when Lindsay announced to everyone that I wanted to get to know you better?”
“Yeah” Sarah replied slowly
“Well, man this is embarrassing, Nick was having a great time at my expense.  Then on Saturday, he and I rode up to a cabin we have near a creek and on the way he was giving me a hard time.  And that was the day I realized I had the disease where I just said out loud everything I was thinking.  I talked about you quite a bit.  He wanted to know if he should take his tux to the cleaners yet.” 
Sarah gasped “I won’t be able to show my face anywhere near him.  He will tease us to death, won’t he?”
“Count on it.” He groaned.
“Did you tell your family about last night?”
“No, but I was smiling pretty big at breakfast this morning and no one was brave enough to ask why.  I will tell them if I am asked but I like having a something they do not know about.” 
They sat on her sofa for a long time.  The topics of discussion varied but were not the heavy subjects of earlier in the evening.  They discovered they liked similar music and books, disagreed on the subject of good art, agreed on best places to go on vacation and learned that both of them loved chocolate ice cream.  
“I am dying to ask you, what about Friday?  Will you go out to dinner and dancing with me?”
“Yes to dinner but the dancing… well, umm, did I mention my dating life was non-existent?  Well I am not a very good dancer.”
“How about a few slow dances?  It is more like cuddling standing up.  I get to hold you like this some more.  I need to stock up for when you are gone.”
“I don’t know if dancing is a good idea, but okay.  I am not promising to be Ginger Rogers.”
“Who cares? I will be with you, that is all that matters to me.”
“One more tough subject then I have to go home, will you be alright if I kissed you on Friday?”
“I will be alright if you kissed me on Friday but if you want the truth, I would be okay if you kissed me tonight.
“Hallelujah.”
“But remember the non-existent dating life?”
“Yes”
“You can’t get kissed if you don’t date.  And…”
“Shut up Sarah” Dalton said as he cupped her face in his hands and kissed her.  
“That will definitely go in the journal tonight.  “My first kiss” Oh my!” Sarah exclaimed “If I have the words to write.”
“How about kiss number two? What will you write about this one?” he said as he drew her into his arms and bent to kiss her again. As he moved back from her she was star-struck.
“I’ll never tell.  I don’t show and tell what I write in my journal.  But some possible words are fabulous, stupendous, amazing and very special.”  
“I’ll take those.  Can I call you tomorrow?” he said as he headed for the door.
“Yes, but I will be busy most of the evening with work.  I won’t be able to talk to you on the phone after about five.”
“Like I will be able to wait until five pm to talk to you.  Did I mention I am not that patient?”
“Yes you mentioned that.  Good night.  Tonight was wonderful.”
He smiled as he left. “Good night, my Sarah.  Sweet dreams.”
Sarah waved good-bye to him as he got into his car.  Is this too good to be true?
Sarah’s dreams were not sweet that night.  The bed was spinning wildly and her sleep was fitful.  The next morning she called Amy and said she would not be in but if there was an emergency to call her.  Sarah turned off her cell phone and crawled back to bed. She silently apologized to Dalton for missing his call and went back to sleep.  
Amy was worried about Sarah but knew it was not a good idea to go check on her because it would mean Sarah had to come to the door to let her in.  She was working at the main house with Greg when CeCe wandered by. “Hi Amy, I was expecting to see Sarah.”
“She is having a bad day.  She couldn’t come in today.”
“Oh no, she was doing pretty good lately.  Is she stressing about something?”
“With Sarah, I never know.  She rarely talks to anyone about her life.  She was acting a little strange yesterday and she looked really odd at some flowers she had received the day before.”
“Who sent her flowers?”
“I am under strict order to not tell the sender.”
“Was it Dalton Matthews?”
“CeCe, please don’t make me tell you.  I will lose Sarah’s confidence and yours.”
“I apologize.  I will check on Sarah later this afternoon.  If you hear from her before then, will you transfer her to my cell phone?”
“Yes, I will do that.”
Amy went back to work as CeCe went in to see Greg.  Dalton Matthews had better not be the cause of Sarah’s attack today or he will answer to me.  If he is giving her a hard time, he will be sorry.



Dalton did not get to talk to Sarah early the next day like he had hoped.  He only got her voice mail both times he called.  He left her a message and wished her a good day.  
About mid-day Sarah was feeling better and checked her messages.  Dalton had called a couple of times and asked her to call him back.  
“Hi, my Sarah.”
“Hi, is this a bad time to call you?”
“No.  I can talk to you.  How are you?”
“I am not feeling so well today.  I just got up.”
“What’s wrong?”
“It is nothing to worry about, I am doing better now.”
“Do you need me to do anything for you?”
“Thank you; I appreciate it, but no.  I just wanted to return your call now I am just going to be lazy for a while until I have to work tonight.”
“Are you sure you have to work?”
“Yes.  I am fine.  Can I talk to you tomorrow?”
“I will be calling early!”
“Have a good rest of the day!”
“You too. If you need me, please call me.”
“Bye” 
“No, good-byes Sarah.” 
Sarah was resting when CeCe knocked on her door at mid-afternoon.  “Are you okay?” asked CeCe when Sarah answered the door.  
“Yes, I am better now.”
“Did something happen to cause this attack?”
“Well…” answered Sarah
“Does it have anything to do with Dalton Matthews visiting you both of the last two nights?” queried CeCe.
“Are you checking up on me?  I thought that was my job to watch out for you.”
“No, it works both ways.  Are you having troubles with Dalton again?”
“No, not trouble but quite a bit of stress.” smiled Sarah
“About the foundation? About Lindsay?”
“No, it is a little more personal than that and no you cannot say I told you so.”
“Did you go on a date with Dalton Matthews?!” exclaimed CeCe
“Yes, the night before last and then he came over last night and we talked until late.”
“You are hedging.  Spill the details.”
“Monday afternoon, Dalton sent me a bouquet of roses.  So I called him to tell him there had been a mistaken delivery and he should call his florist.  Anyway, it wasn’t a mistake and he asked me to go out on Friday.  Then mumbled his way to ask me if we could go out that night for dinner also.  So we went out, well our dinner conversation was shocking to say the least.”
“Why?”
“Remember this is the man who I thought never wanted to see me again?”
“Yeah and?”
“Well, that isn’t quite what he is feeling.”
“And what exactly is he feeling?”
“He wants to marry me in the not so distant future, when I am comfortable with the idea.”
“He proposed to you?” screamed CeCe
“Not exactly.  He said he was almost 100% sure we would get married one day and how did I feel about that?”
“I bet you were shocked.  What did you tell him?”
“I told him he had jumped from point A to Z without any of the steps in between and we needed to take those steps but that I wasn’t opposed to the idea.”
“I told you so!  I can read people.”  CeCe beamed with excitement.  “And last night, what happened?”
“At first a disagreement then a very nice evening.  Quite special!  But too long apparently.”
“So how do you feel about marrying Dalton?”
“Confused, mostly”  Sarah got up to pace. “Should I even consider it?  Should I even hope?  He is going to run for hills when I tell him I can’t do all the things he likes to do; go dancing, ride horses.  What would be in it for him? A life stuck with a sick person, that sounds like loads of fun for him.  I should have stayed hidden from them, it would be better for everyone.”
Sarah grew more agitated “Did you know David gave me a horse?  It is a beautiful horse that I named five years ago.  He wants me to come to the ranch and ride it.  I can’t even drive to the ranch let alone ride the horse once I got there.  In such a short period of two days, I dreamed some big dreams that I could marry Dalton, I was just kidding myself.”
“Are you finished?” CeCe replied angrily “Sit down and listen to me.”
Sarah sat down and stared at the floor.
“It is okay to dream Sarah, sick or not.  No, you should not have stayed hidden anymore.  It is better for everyone that they found you again. And don’t shake your head at me.”  CeCe said to Sarah.  “You need to talk to Dalton and tell him everything before much longer.  Give him the prognosis, possibilities in the future and the real reason you started this foundation.  I am married to Greg, why can’t you be married to Dalton?”
“Because you didn’t get sick until after you were married, I am already sick.  And I guess today proves that I still can’t handle the stress.”
“I have to say that Dalton has moved extremely quickly here.  Is he so sure?”
“He appears to be very sure.  He calls me beautiful in about every other sentence.”
“I knew I liked him.  But from I know of you, you didn’t believe him did you?”
“No, but I am trying.  That was what the argument was last night.  He wanted me to believe I was beautiful and repeat it back to him.  I told him it was going to take some time for me to believe that.  One day of him telling me wasn’t quite enough.”
“I know his words from the past were hurtful, but it is time to let that wound heal and move on with your life.  A life that Dalton apparently wants to be included in.”
“Will we see after I tell him about this disease?”
“Don’t lose faith in him, I think he is going to be around for the rest of time.” CeCe commented with certainty “And for you two to be separated for two week, lousy timing?”
“No, not really.  It might be good for him to re-think things and get out while he can.” Sarah replied with tears in her eyes.  “After Friday, he will see that dancing isn’t my best skill and will say goodbye then.”
“Nonsense.  You are going to have a great time.” 


Chapter 12

Friday evening arrived and Sarah was both excited and dreading it at the same time.  She would love to be able to dance all night with Dalton, but she just didn’t think that was going to be possible. She was dressed in a “little black dress” with her diamond necklace and earrings from the Davises.  Sarah was wringing her hands by the time the guard called to tell her that Dalton had arrived.
Dalton was so anxious to see Sarah.  He had called her yesterday and she seemed to be recovered from her illness of the day before.  He hoped she really felt well enough to be going out to dinner.
Sarah was locking her door when Dalton pulled his car around.  He got out to escort her to the car.
“Hello Beautiful!” Dalton said as he kissed her cheek.
“Hello.  You look really handsome.” She replied as she studied him for a moment.  He blushed and smiled at the same time.
“Are you sure you feel well enough to go out to dinner and dancing?” he asked gently
“Yes, I would have called you and told you if I wasn’t.  I’ll be fine, just not too many fast dances.”
“Oh, I promise it will only be the slow dances.  Fast dances do not have enough contact between dance partners.” 
“Where are we going?”
“It is a surprise, but you will like it.”
“I am sure I will, but the company is the best part.” She said with a wink.
As Dalton drove towards the restaurant, Sarah was able to study his face.  Sarah wished she  could read people like CeCe did, then she could know what he is thinking.  His face captivated her and she was silent in her inspection of his handsome face.
“What are you doing?” he asked as she studied his face.  
“Wishing and enjoying.”
“Wishing what? Enjoying what?” he asked very perplexed.
“Wishing I could read your mind and enjoying how good-looking you are and thinking I could look at that face for a very long time.”
He groaned in reply “Don’t say that, I will get distracted and drive us into the ditch.”
She smiled and kept on looking at him as they arrived at the restaurant.  The restaurant was called Fantasy and it was set back away from the road.  The tree lined drive was decorated with millions of lights that welcomed you to the fantasy.  When they arrived at the front of the restaurant, Sarah was handed out of the car by the uniformed valet.  The other valet went to the driver’s side and greeted Dalton.  Sarah’s shocked gaze met Dalton’s as he came around the car.  The valet who had helped her out of the car greeted Dalton as well.  
Dalton placed his hand on Sarah’s back and directed her through the door that was being held by another very handsomely dressed gentlemen.  “If you will follow me Miss Dawson and Mr. Matthews, I will show you to your table.” Dalton indicated that he should lead the way.  They were lead to a private room in the back of the restaurant.  The walls of the private room had beautiful Paris scenery.  One of the pictures that Sarah noticed was of the Eiffel Tower glowing in the night sky.  And on the table along with the elegant tableware there was a perfect red rose.  Dalton held out her chair as a true gentleman would and move to sit in the other chair.  The host asked if he could be of further assistance and left the room at Dalton’s soft “No, thank you.”
“Dalton, how did you get this private room and why do all these people know your name?  Are you a frequent visitor here?”
“Sort of, the staff knows my name because this is my restaurant and this is my private room whenever I want it.  If I don’t plan to be here, then others can use it for their romantic dinner.”
“It’s wonderful!  Thank you for bringing me here.”
“You are welcome.”
They were served their drinks and placed their dinner order before Sarah’s mind could comprehend that she was on a date with Dalton again.
“You looked amazed or perplexed about something?” he asked concerned about the look on her face 
“I am amazed that I am sitting here in the glorious restaurant with Dalton Matthews.  I was just trying to comprehend that, this is all still a little new to me.” Sarah replied with a shy smile.  “It has only been a few days.”
Dalton reached for her hand and said “I know I have rushed this “you and me” thing this week, but I wanted you to know I am very serious.  Considering our past, I don’t want time to pass and you start doubting me.”
“That was probably smart on your part; I tend to think too much.”
“Not tonight, I will sweep you off your feet with my sparkling personality and my fabulous dancing skills.”
“Sweeping me off my feet won’t be very hard; I have had a difficult time touching the ground this week as it is.  My assistant keeps giving me curious looks as I walk into walls and forget simple things.”
“Mine is too.  I forgot her name on Wednesday.  And today I forgot a meeting.  She is having fun laughing at my expense.”
“Amy isn’t laughing yet, more curious than anything else.  But I haven’t shared you and me with her yet, I have only told CeCe because she came right out and asked.”
Their dinner was served and they talked about their days at work.  After dinner, they moved from the table to sitting area within the private room.  There were dozens of candles around the sitting area and soft music had been playing in the room since their arrival.
“Will you dance with me my Sarah?”
“Yes, but I repeat I am not very good at dancing.” She replied
“Who cares.  It is just you and me in here and we will not be disturbed unless I call for them.  I have been impatiently waiting to hold you in my arms again.”
“Impatiently waiting?”
“Yes, very impatiently.  It has been several days.” He said as he took her hand and helped her up.  He kept hold of her hand with one of his and tucked in close to his chest and the other hand went around her waist and drew her into him.  “Finally.”
“Dalton, you are going to make me melt into a puddle of goo if you keep this up.” Sarah said “I am trembling with nervousness.”
“Relax Sarah.  I brought you here so that we could dance in private.  I just wanted you to be close to me, you feel so good in my arms.  I have missed you.”
The more that they danced the more Sarah was able to relax until she was really enjoying Dalton’s version of dancing.  Like he had said before, it was more like cuddling while standing up.  They took a break after a few songs and returned to the sitting area.  They didn’t talk much but held hands and enjoyed each other’s company.
Dalton was gently caressing her face and hair. “I love your long hair.  It is just gorgeous.  Someday, when I lay you in my bed, it is going to look beautiful against my silk sheets.”
Sarah blushed but move closer to him and gave him a kiss.  “I really had to do that”
“You can really have to do that at anytime.  I won’t complain ever.” He replied as he leaned toward her and gave her a long slow kiss.  “I really had to do that too.”
“I am not complaining either.” And both moved this time to enjoy the kiss
“Do you feel up to more dancing?” Dalton asked a few minutes later.
“I like the way you dance Mr. Matthews.  I think I could become an expert at it.”
Dalton winked at her.  “I thought you might like my type of dancing.  It is my own special method.” Dalton drew her into him again and kissed her hand as he hugged it to his chest.
“How did you become this romantic?”
“I love making you feel special, you radiate and you become even more stunning.  Sometimes I have to take a minute to remember to breathe.”
Sarah was silent for a few minutes and gloried in dancing with Dalton.  After a few songs they took another break.
“Can I ask you a really personal question?” she said after a minute.
“Anything.”
“Have you thought about us in your bed together making love?”
“No and yes.  No, I try not to do it too often so I don’t get overwhelmed I guess would be a good word.  But yes, I have thought about you in my bed, sometimes as just more snuggling.  And other times I am thinking about making love to you. But it will only be when we get married, I promised that and I meant it.”
“Thank you for being a man who keeps his promises.  I only want making love to be inside of a marriage.  I guess that makes me terribly out of fashion, but I don’t care.”
“I knew that before I even asked you out.  So I made that promise to myself also.”
“You are so very special.” She replied at his amazing comment.
“So are you my Sarah, so are you.”
They danced for a few more dances until they both began to tire.  “We had better be going, I don’t want to but it is time.”
As they were heading out of the room towards the main dining room, Sarah had a vertigo attack and stumbled a little.  “Are you okay?” Dalton rushed to ask
“Yes, just a little clumsy.” Sarah replied not wanting to tell me the truth after such a wonderful evening.  
When they arrived back at Sarah’s house, she invited Dalton in for a few minutes.  “I know you have to go but I just wanted to tell you that tonight was magical.  You did sweep me off my feet and I loved it.  Thank you!  I will remember this night as I am in Hawaii and missing you.”
Dalton gave her another gentle kiss before adding “I am glad you enjoyed it.  I am stunned by you and I will remember this too while you are gone.  I will miss you.  Can I call you or will you call me sometimes?”
“Yes, to both.  It may be a little bit difficult with the time change but I’ll manage to get in touch with you.”
“Call me in the middle of the night, I won’t mind.” Dalton promised.  
“Me either.”
Dalton drew her into his arms for a long hug that would have to last two weeks.  The hug turned into a long slow hungry kiss that would have to last two weeks also.  


Chapter 13

Saturday late-morning, loud whispered bickering could be heard in David’s office at Stage West.  “No, I am not going to call her.” Nick said “Dalton will hang me from the nearest tree.  He told us to lay off remember.”
“Dalton is a wimp he won’t hurt you.”
“No.” Nick said firmly “I am not doing this.”
“I’ll pay you a hundred bucks and protect you from Dalton.” David groused
“How are you going to protect me when you will be swinging from the next tree?”
“He can’t hurt me.” David smiled with glee “Come on, for a hundred bucks.  I’ll sit here and be quiet and you get her to come to the ranch.”
“Give me the hundred.” Nick held out his hand and was motioning the “give me” with his fingers
“Dial” stated David as he handed over the hundred dollars.
Nick dialed the number his mother had given him for Sarah.
“Sarah Dawson”
“Hi Sarah, it’s Nick.”
“Hi Nick, I haven’t had a chance to talk to you.”
“I know, how are you?”
“Good, but busy.  We are leaving for Hawaii in the morning.”
“Wow, that sounds like fun.”
“How have you been?” asked Sarah
“I am good.  I miss seeing you around here, when are you coming to ride your horse and see all of us?”
Sarah head thumped onto the desk. “Put him on the phone, Nick” Sarah stated with authority
“Put who on the phone?” Nick tried to ask innocently.
“Put David On The Phone.” Sarah returned fiercely
“Ah, actually we are in his office and you are on the speaker phone so he can hear you.” Nick replied guiltily
“I want my hundred bucks back” David grumbled
“No way.  I am giving it to Dalton so he won’t kill me.”  Nick replied
“Chicken” called David
“In this case, yes…”
“Guys, do I need to be here for this?” Sarah broke in.  
“Sarah, its David.  You get out here and ride your horse, Gabby is preparing a big dinner for tonight.” 
“No.” she stated softly
“Yes, come to the ranch today and ride your horse.  It has been forever since you came here.”
Sarah’s eyes filled with tears and she felt sick at heart “I can’t come to the ranch and I can’t ride horses anymore.” She stated very softly around the lump in her throat and hung up.
“Oh no, Dalton is going to kill us for sure now.  She was upset.” exclaimed Nick
“But what did she mean by I can’t come to the ranch and I can’t ride horses anymore.” David asked curiously
“You better call Dalton and tell him that you upset Sarah.” Nick said pushing all the blame on David.
“Chicken.” He replied as he dialed Dalton
“Hi David, what’s up?”
“Sarah’s upset.”
“And you know this because?” Dalton replied already fearing the answer
“Nick called her and upset her.”
“Nick!”
“I’ll give you the hundred bucks he paid me if you won’t kill me.” Nick hastily defended himself.
“One of you tell me what happened, word for word.”
“I simply told her to come home and ride her horse.” David stated with authority.
“And what else?”
“She started crying and said I can’t come to the ranch and I can’t ride horses anymore.  What does that mean?”
“And?”
“Then she hung up on us.”
“David, if you have hurt her again, the ranch isn’t big enough for you to hide in. You either Nick.”
“But Dalton, what did she mean by that?” David interrupted his brother’s tirade
“I don’t know but I am going to call and check on her.  Stop talking to Sarah David, she is very important to Lindsay and you can’t drive her away again.”
“She is very important to Lindsay?” Nick and David questioned.
“Shut up and good bye”


Sarah had regained her composure and was finishing her remaining work when her phone rang again.  She had sort of been expecting this call.  Nick or David one had had to confess they had talked to her.
“Yes, I am fine.  But you can string both of them up in the nearest tree.”
“Oh, have no fear they will pay for this.  They said that they had upset you.  
The tears started again. “Yes, I …”
“Do you want me to come there or meet me at the park again?”
“The park, my house is a wreck with all the packing.”
“I am on my way, I’ll see you there.”


Dalton had arrived a few minutes before Sarah.  She had had to take a couple of minutes to compose herself before trying to drive.  He stood as she approached the gazebo where he was waiting.  He pulled her into his arms for a comforting hug.  “I hate that they did this to you, but if I get another hug and a kiss, I just might forgive them eventually.  Now, sit down and tell me what happened.” He said gently
“The same thing as before, come home and ride your horse.” Sarah mimicked David without the authoritative voice though since she was beginning to cry again.
“They told me that you had said ‘I can’t come to the ranch and I can’t ride horses anymore.’  We are all curious about what that means.” He said as he lifted her face to his.
Sarah got up from the bench and began to pace the gazebo.  Her wonderful week was about to go up in flames and he was going to run for the hills.  She had wanted more time before she told him, but maybe CeCe was right.  The sooner the better.
Sarah faced away from him and gazed at the park “There are two reasons I can’t go to the ranch, one probably doesn’t matter right now but the other certainly does.” Sarah paused then began “This isn’t going to be an easy story for me to tell and I don’t believe that you are going to like it either.  I wasn’t ready to tell you now, but maybe sooner is better than later.”
“I’m listening.”
“About four years ago, I began to not feel very well.  I was dizzy, off-balance, ringing in my ears and trouble with my hearing sometimes.  I went to doctor after doctor after doctor until I finally had a diagnosis.  It has a weird name, Meniere’s Disease, but what it means is that I have a chronic illness and there is no cure.  There are treatments.  It isn’t fatal but it is horrible.  My body collects too much fluid in the inner ear and that fluid causes all sorts of symptoms.”  
“One minute I am fine and the next, I can be flat on my back or falling to the floor.  I am not allowed to go to high places with an overlook in case I have a vertigo spell and fall.  I most certainly can’t ride a horse.  I have no balance sometimes and no hearing sometimes.  There are days that I can’t even get out of bed.  I can’t drive very far, and never in the evening darkness.  Driving to Stage West is farther than I am able to handle.  When you stopped me at the gala and swung me around, I had a vertigo spell and nearly fell down.  Dancing isn’t supposed to be something I should be able to do either.  I am very inexperienced at dancing so that was part of the reason I was hesitant to go dancing with you.  But I didn’t do too bad dancing with you since we didn’t move around very much.”
“This is the reason you were sick the other day and the reason you stumbled as we were leaving the restaurant last night.” He commented
Sarah nodded and kept her head lowered.  “The surgery I had a couple of months ago was to place a tube in my inner ear to help drain the fluid away.  It was a treatment and it has helped but not entirely.  There is a chance I could go into remission but it isn’t something I count on.”
“This is the reason you started the foundation isn’t it?  To help others through what you are going through”
She nodded again still staring at the ground.  “I’m sorry, Dalton.”
“What is there to be sorry for?  I hate this for you, but it doesn’t change anything other than the activities I might plan for us to do.”
Her head snapped up “It will change more than that…”
“It doesn’t change you, Sarah” Dalton replied cutting into her comment.
Sarah returned to sit beside him “Yes, some days it does change me.  Somedays…”
He cut her off again. “It doesn’t change your fundamental soul.  In fact, it probably makes it better.  You created a multi-million dollar, multi-functional platform to help other people because of this illness.  You have used it for good.  That is who you are, that is your soul.  Your illness cannot touch that!”
“I suppose you are right about that.  But..”
“You suppose I am right about that?  No, Sarah, there is no “suppose”, I am always right.  You should listen to me more.” Dalton finished with a grin.
“As I was saying, it may not change my soul, but it changes my everyday activities.  Some days I can swim for exercise, some days I can’t.  Some days I can work, sometimes I can’t.  It affects the people around me too.”
“I would imagine so.  It makes me want to wrap you in my arms and never let go so you can’t be hurt.  And you have sometimes been hurt by this haven’t you?  Physically hurt?”
“Yes, a couple of times when I bent over, I hit my head.”
“Crap”
“It wasn’t bad, so relax.  I take caution most of the time, I try to take care of myself.”
“Then teach me what I need to know to take care you too, I don’t want to make things worse for you.”
“I won’t ask that of you. This is my issue and mine alone.” She said sadly looking at the ground.
“Whoa lady” Dalton said as he captured her chin to force her to look at him “What does that mean?”
“It means that I won’t ask you or anyone else to ever share my life.  I will deal with this for the rest of my life.”
“That sounds suspiciously like a goodbye.”
Sarah was nodding before he finished the sentence.
“No!”
“It has to be this way, Dalton.”
“No. It. Does. Not.”
“Yes, listen to reason.  If you stay with me, you will have to deal with this the rest of your life.  It could and probably will change your life too, it will mean?”  Dalton interrupted again “Those are things and activities.  It won’t change the important things like being with you, loving you, caring for you.  I want to do all those things.  Change in activities, we can do that.”
“Why should you have to and why would you want to?” she asked incredulously.
“Why would I want to?” Dalton was aghast.  “Sarah, I want everything with you.  I want a life with you, activities and things do not matter to me.”
“They should matter to you.  What if some morning, you get up planning to do something special something you really wanted to do and looked forward to doing it and I was flat on my back for the day and your activity was ruined.  I would hate that; and eventually so would you. Maybe even hate me someday because of it.  I have been there Dalton, for five years you hated me because I was a bother.  I won’t do it again.  I am giving you your chance to walk away before we reach that point.  Take it.”
Dalton was mad and surged to his feet.  He had to pace “You are giving up and throwing us away.  We don’t know the future; maybe I will be the one to need you to take care of me.  Would you end up hating me?”
“No, never!”
“Then why do you expect it from me?”  Dalton asked sadly 
“I’m sorry Dalton, I was trying to protect you and save myself some heartache.” 
Dalton returned to the bench and took her hands in his and forced her to look at him.  “A full life is messy, there is heartache, there is joy, sorrow, peace, loving, but there is someone there to help you and be with you.  I want that with you.  Don’t throw us away.”
“Dalton, you need to really think about this.  I need to really think about this.  “We” happened pretty fast this week.  Take the two weeks that I am gone and think about what you are giving up.”
“I am not giving up anything to be with you.  I am gaining.” He replied in earnest “But if you want me to take this time, I will.  I don’t need it though.  This illness doesn’t change anything.”
It will. Sarah thought to herself It most certainly will.
Dalton lifted her face again. “Why didn’t you tell me before now?  Do Gabby and Nathan know about your being sick?”
“No, I was able to hide it from them.  I communicated with them but I still tried to remain separated from them.  I knew I was being horribly unfair to ask them to keep our secret.  And as for why I didn’t tell you before, we haven’t exactly been together for weeks and weeks.  A few days and a whirlwind few days, when was the right time to bring it up?”
“I guess you are right.  If the situations were reversed, I wouldn’t have known when to tell you either.”
“We need to take the time apart and really think about if we can handle this.  If one or both think we can’t, then we say goodbye.  I can still be friends with Lindsay if she chooses.
“First of all, I don’t need the time.  Secondly, Lindsay will choose to be your friend.  She has missed you so much.”
“I have missed her too.”
“What do you want me to tell your family?  And yes they are going to be your family, I can guarantee it.”
“You cannot guarantee that.  But you can tell your family whatever you are comfortable telling them.  I don’t know if you want to tell them about this week.  That is your choice.”
“We can go to the ranch right now and tell them together.”
“I can’t drive that far and it is almost dark.”
“I will follow you back to your house so you can leave your car and then drive you to the ranch myself.”
“I can’t.  I haven’t finished packing.  I need to get back home.”
Dalton reached for her and pulled her close.  “I hate this, everything feels so wrong, so unsettled.  This time apart isn’t necessary.”
“Yes, it is.  You’ll see.” Sarah said as she gently kissed his cheek.
“Goodbye Dalton” she turned and walked away.
Dalton reached for her but she shrugged away.  “Not goodbye. Never again.”
She just walked faster to escape to her car.  
Dalton slowly walked to his car also.  His heart was so heavy, she was throwing them away without giving him a chance.  I don’t need any time to think, dammit.  Dalton left the parking lot and headed for Stage West and another “family meeting” where I get to break everyone else’s heart too.


Dalton arrived at Stage West and met his brother and Nick as he got out of the car.  I guess I don’t get any time to prepare for this either.
“Well, what did she mean?” David accosted Dalton “You look like you have been beaten by the way.”
“Can you gather everyone in the living room?  I’ll be there in a minute.”  Dalton said as he walked towards the barn to gather his thoughts.  He had to see Sarah’s horse, Star Dancer.  He had hoped that someday he and Sarah would be able to take long rides together, maybe not anymore.  As he approached Star Dancer’s stall, she poked her head over the door.  “You already know don’t you girl, she may not ever be able to ride you.  What are we going to do about that?”  He stayed with Star Dancer for several minutes trying to prepare how to tell his family that their girl was sick. After a few minutes he gave up and started toward the meeting, there was no way to prepare for this.
Everyone was waiting for him in the living room, he moved to the window to look out.  No one spoke.  He didn’t know it but he looked really bad, they were afraid to ask him. Finally Gabby was brave enough to interrupt his thoughts.
“Dalton, why another family meeting?” 
Dalton took a deep breath and turned to his family.  “Today, David and Nick called Sarah again and told her to come home.” Dalton glared at both David and Nick.  Nick started to apologize and blame David but Dalton cut him off. “Later.”
“What did she mean by she can’t come to the ranch and she can’t ride horses anymore?” David asked impatiently.
Dalton sat in the chair and looked at the floor. “She said there were two reasons she couldn’t come to the ranch.  She only told me one but I can’t imagine the second is as mind-boggling at the first.” He said almost to himself.  “Sarah really physically cannot come to the ranch and she can’t ride anymore.”
“That is just nonsense.” remarked David “Of course she can come here and ride.”
“No, in some ways she really can’t.  She can’t because she is sick.” Dalton had to pause because everyone gasped or stared incredulously at him.  He held up his hand to stall the questions he could see forming “I’ll tell you what I know but I don’t understand everything either.  Apparently, about four years ago she began to not feel well.  She was having trouble with being dizzy, hearing loss, balance issues.  She went to doctor after doctor until she received a diagnosis.  It has a weird name but it means her body gathers too much fluid in her inner ear and throws her into attacks of vertigo, lack of balance.  She can’t be in high places, so no horseback riding.  She can’t drive very far and never in the evening so no coming to the ranch by herself.”
“So go and get her!” David insisted.
Dalton ignored him and continued “This illness is permanent, chronic. But thankfully it isn’t fatal.  She did call it horrible and from what she described I would agree. In more ways than one” he muttered the last part mostly to himself.
Gabby was softly weeping by this time “She never told me, why wouldn’t she tell me?”
Dalton moved to take Gabby’s hand. “I asked her that.  She said she tried to stay a bit distant from you because she knew she was wrong in making you keep her secret.”
“But I didn’t feel that way.” replied Gabby.  “I needed to look after her.  She is my girl.”
“I know and now she is my girl.” Dalton replied without thinking. Everyone gasped again except Nick who burst out laughing. “Oh no, I said that out loud again didn’t I?”  
Nick just laughed louder.  Gabby beamed through her tears.
“I believe you have something else to tell us Dalton.” David said confidently
“Fine.  I have been out with Sarah several times this week.  We are or were, I am not sure which right now, working on a relationship.” He stated returning to the window.
“What do you mean were, Dalton?” inquired Lindsay
“She is throwing us away because she doesn’t want me to deal with her being sick.  She said I would eventually begin to hate her “again” when she ruined plans to do special things.  She won’t take that chance.  She has to go away for her job for two weeks and wants me to take this time to really think about what my life would be like with her being sick and only the possibility of remission.”
Everyone but Gabby talked at once “Tell her you don’t need time.” “Tell that is nonsense, you can handle it” “Don’t let her do that..”
Gabby shushed everyone. “Dalton, come here.” She said as she pointed to the stool he had left moments ago.  After he sat she gently asked “What do you feel about this illness?  How it will affect you?”
“I hate it that she is sick.  I hate it that she can’t do all the things she wants to do and maybe we want to do.  But those are just things, I want to be with her.  I would have asked her to marry me on Monday night and practically did.  This illness doesn’t change who she is as a person.  It has made her better, she started that foundation because she wanted to help others.”
“Then tell her that.” urged Gabby while everyone else nodded in agreement
“I did.  I argued with her for a long time.  But she still insisted I needed time to think.  Then she said good-bye and walked away.  She threw us away without giving me a chance to prove otherwise.” Dalton couldn’t sit any longer and strode to the window again.  
No one moved and no one spoke.  He was hurting and they didn’t know how to help him.  
As the silence grew and started to become uncomfortable, the phone rang breaking the discomfort.
“Stage West, this is David.”
“David, it’s Greg Davis.  Is Dalton available?”
“One moment, let me check.”
“It’s Greg Davis.  Do you want to talk to him?” inquired David as he pointed to the phone.
Dalton grabbed the phone and moved to the kitchen. “Is something wrong with Sarah?”
“No, she is okay.  She and CeCe are talking, I eavesdropped for a while but I wanted to call to check on you.” Greg replied  “How do you feel about a vacation in Hawaii week after next?  I happened to know of a place that has a lovely guest cottage right on the beach.”
“She said I needed time to think.”
“Do you?”
“No!”
“Are you sure?  It isn’t an easy thing to live with.  Somedays are dammed tough actually.”
Dalton stared at the phone “CeCe?”
“Yes, it is an extremely well-guarded secret and we would like to keep it that way.  That is how Sarah became our assistant; they help each through the tough times.  Sarah was already working for Davis Enterprises when she and CeCe met at a support group meeting.  They got to talking and one thing and another, four years later Sarah is our good friend as well as foundation president and family member.  So, I’ll repeat the question, do you need the time to think this through?”
“No, but she insisted I take it.”
“Dalton, Dalton” Greg murmured “Haven’t you figured out our Sarah yet?  She hates, absolutely hates, the thought of being a bother to anyone.  She will walk away from you and live alone if she thinks it is better for you.”
“Greg, you are not making me feel better about this.”
“It might not get better.  I won’t kid you; I have wanted to scream at the unfairness of this more than once.  I am supposed to protect CeCe, but instead I can’t do anything to stop these attacks.  I can’t stop her from being depressed about it sometimes.  I can’t stop her when her emotions take over and I am the bad guy.  She doesn’t want me around sometimes then either.  CeCe got sick after we were married but Sarah is already sick and so you may not get the better times without any attacks.  And no matter what Sarah tells you, there are many good times that outweigh the bad.”
“I hate this!  I want to marry her and be with her forever.”
“Then I will see you in Hawaii next Sunday.  She is going to have lots of free time that week to spend with you.  I am not going to tell her that I called you and arranged for you to come.  It will be a surprise.  Call the foundation and Tyler will have all the details on how to get to our house in Hawaii.”
“Thank you.  I will see you next Sunday.”
“And Dalton, we really do want to keep CeCe’s illness a secret.”
“No one will ever hear it from me.  I owe you for this.”
“No, I am probably going to lose my assistant over this good deed.  But Sarah deserves all of life’s happiness.  See you.” Greg said as he hung up.
Dalton returned to his family in the living room.  “I am going to Hawaii next week to fight for my girl.  And I intend to win!” Lindsay jumped up to hug her beloved brother and whispered in his ear “go get my future sister-in-love”


Chapter 14

Sunday morning, Greg, CeCe and Sarah flew to Hawaii.  Sarah had not gotten much sleep, but maybe then she would be able to sleep on the plane.  It didn’t really matter anyway, sleep wasn’t going to cure the problem.  It wasn’t going to help her forget about Dalton.  I dreamed such big dreams in less than a week.  How stupid am I?  No, more.  I will not think about him and my life will return to before.
Dalton’s night wasn’t much better.  He had tried to sleep but just worried about Sarah.  He rose early and went to the stable.  He saddled his horse and went for a ride.  He rode to the creek by the line cabin and sat down beside the water.  He remembered his dream about coming here with Sarah on a picnic.  They would do that somehow and someway.  They would have a life together; he just had to get her to believe in him.
He had been gone about two hours when his walkie talkie came on. “Dalton, it’s me David.  You okay?”
“Yeah, I just needed to think.  I’ll be home later.  Don’t worry about me.”
“Okay, but if you don’t get back by four, we are coming to find you.”
“I’m at the creek by the cabin.  I will be back later.”
“Stage West out”
His family was something else.  They caused him trouble by upsetting Sarah, but he loved them too much to be mad.  At least he knew about this illness now.  
Dalton returned to the ranch about mid-afternoon and found Lindsay in the family room.  “Hey Lin”
“Hi yourself.  Everything okay?”
“Yes, can I talk to you for a while?”
“Sit.” Lindsay indicated to one of the chairs.
“Tell me about Sarah in college, what was she like?”
Lindsay smiled a knowing smile at him and started to remember their school times. “Sarah and I hit it off right away.  She was quiet more than me even.  She had lots of friends but if you asked her she would say she didn’t.  She was smart, but again she would disagree with you.  She had to work at school, much harder than me.  But she is smart.”
Dalton nodded before speaking “Of course she is; that foundation alone is phenomenal.  Go on.”
“She would always there for you if you needed her but she hated it if she needed you for something.  She hates to be a bother to anyone.  I think that is why she disappeared all those years ago.  She thought she was bothering you.”
“Yeah, she told me that too.”
Lindsay couldn’t resist the chance to tease her big brother “So, you two are getting along now?”
“Go ahead, say “I told you so” or “About time” or whatever else you want to give me grief on.  I deserve it.  Go ahead give it your best short.”
“You do deserve it.  You deserve happiness with Sarah and so does she with you.  I can’t wait to see you and her get married.”
“Me either. But what if I can’t convince her of that?  How do I convince her of that?”
“Time” was Lindsay’s reply “Show her over time.  Keep repeating it to her.  And when something has to get cancelled because she doesn’t feel well; show her how important she is too you.  Find new activities that you will both love that will show her that she can have a life.”
“How did you get so smart about her, about life?”
“I have been Sarah’s friend for years.  We clicked remember.  And if I was in her shoes and I thought some guy would reject me because I was sick, I would need him to show me over time how he would not leave me.”
“She can have all the time in the world from me.  If she doesn’t throw me out when I show up in Hawaii.”
“She will probably try, but make yourself grab her and kiss her.”
“Make myself?  That won’t exactly be a hardship, Lindsay.” He said as he got to his feet to leave the room
“Oh really?”
“Brat” Dalton said as he left the room
Lindsay just laughed at him.  “I’m getting my best friend as my sister-in-law.”


Greg, CeCe and Sarah were enjoying their time in Hawaii.  Well, two of them were anyway.  Sarah was just going through the motions.  They had been shopping, sight-seeing, boating and were now on the back porch of the main house enjoying a glorious Sunday afternoon.  Sarah’s phone rang and she noticed it was the guard’s station.
“This is Sarah”
“There is a Dalton Matthews here, should I let him in?”
“That is impossible, Dalton Matthew can’t be here” she said to the guard but Greg took the phone from her.
“Let him in and direct him to the main house.”
“Yes, sir.” the guard replied.
Sarah was stunned. She looked at her employers who had big grins on their faces.  “What have you done?  Why is Dalton here?  I’m working for one thing and for another that was over.”
Greg calmly replied “I believe someone is at the door, Sarah.  Would you mind getting it?”
“I’ll get it; but he isn’t staying.”
“I believe there is plenty of space in the guest cottage with you my dear.” CeCe sing-songed as Sarah left the patio.
Sarah stormed to the door and threw it open.  Dalton was standing there waiting for her.  “Go home.  I am working for one thing and for another we are through.”  He grabbed her in his wonderful arms and kissed her senseless. “I missed you. I am so glad to see you again.  You are beautiful and I love you.” He said as he stopping kissing her.
Sarah was dazed.  He was saying such wonderful things but he shouldn’t even be here.  Why was he here? She finally found her voice again “What are you doing here?”
“I was invited.”
“Oh, really.  When and by whom?”
“Last Saturday and by Greg.”
“Come with me.” She said as she grabbed his arm to drag him to the patio.
“Hi Dalton.  Welcome to Hawaii” said Greg as they reached the patio.
“Nice place you have here.” Dalton commented as he took a seat by Sarah and reached for her hand.  She was so mad she didn’t even realize it.
“Greg” interrupted Sarah as they continued their small talk “Why is Dalton here?”
“I invited him and he accepted.” He said like it should be obvious.
“But why did you invite him?” urged Sarah “How did you know to invite him?” she questioned with a curious glance at CeCe.
“I eavesdropped on your conversation with CeCe last Saturday.  I called him up and invited him.” Greg said smugly.
“And you knew about this?” she turned to CeCe. 
“Only since early this week, when I caught him on the phone with Tyler making the arrangements.  But it is a fabulous idea.  Welcome Dalton.”
“Thank you.  It is a fabulous idea.”
“No it isn’t a fabulous idea.  But I am not going to discuss this with you in-front of my employers anyway.  Let’s go.” Sarah dragged Dalton off again towards the guest cottage.  
As they entered the cottage, she saw that his bags had already been delivered by the household staff.  He isn’t staying.  But as soon as he shut the door he pulled her into his arms again and lowered his head to give you a long loving kiss.  Her arms wove around his neck as he deepened the kiss.  She was breathless when she was released.  
“I needed that so bad.” He commented as he moved into the cottage to look around “It was a very long week without you.” 
“Dalton, you shouldn’t be here.  I am working and can’t spend time with you.  I thought we agreed you would take this time to decide if you could deal with my being sick.”
He took her by the hand and led her to the sofa.  “Technically, you told me to take the time. I didn’t agree to do it.  And I did think about it and I can deal with it, but it seems to me that you can’t.”
“That’s right.  Somedays I can’t.  Why would I inflict it on someone I cared about?  I wouldn’t wish this disease on my worst enemy.  It is horrible some days.”
“Then let me help you through those days.  I can take it.  And on your good days, I’ll be here too.  We would have good days and bad days if you were perfectly healthy.  Give me the time to prove it to you.”
She finally gave in to a point. “Ok for now. But if it gets too bad, tell me honestly that you can’t take it before you walk away.  I will understand and I will walk away for your own good.”
“That won’t happen but if it makes you feel better. I promise to tell you if I can’t take it anymore.”
“Thank you.”
“Now, can we talk about something more pleasant. Or maybe not talk at all” he said as he pulled her onto his lap to cuddle.  He finally had her where he wanted her and got her to relax about his being in Hawaii.  They just enjoyed each other for a few moments.
All of a sudden she stiffened in his arms “Did you tell me you love me?”
Dalton laughed “That just now registered with you?”
“Yes, I was too mad to listen for a while.  Did you?”
“Of course I love you.  I would have told you every day since our first date but I didn’t want to scare you.”
“That is a little bit scary.  Can I be honest with you?” she replied hesitantly.
“Always” he replied
“I am not sure I am ready to say that back to you yet.”
“I know.  And I am okay with that.  I will, however, keep saying it to you until you believe me.” Dalton said as he kissed her cheek and settled her back in his arms.  “This is the best way to spend a Sunday afternoon.” 
“Now that the shock and anger are gone, I am so glad to see you and so glad you are here.  I missed you too.” She was rewarded for her statements with another long kiss.  She answered him back by winding her arms around his neck and gave in to the emotions she had been feeling.  
He teased her lips apart with his tongue and spent the next few minutes sampling her and enjoying how sweet and wonderful she tasted.  Finally he released her and her head fell back onto his arm with a thud. “Oh wow! Another kiss to write about in my journal.  But there aren’t any good enough words to describe it.” She said with a smile.  Dalton just laughed.
“Maybe we can do some more later and you can write about those too.” He replied smugly.  “I’ll be happy to practice so you can have something to write about.  Now, what are we going to do this week?”
“I really am here to work Dalton, they are my employers.”
“Greg just happened to mention that you would have plenty of free time this week.  And they are not just your employers, they are your friends and family.  No employer I know would call their assistant’s boyfriend and offer a sympathetic ear or give advice on how to deal with her illness.”
“He really did that?” 
“Yes, he really did and I appreciate it more than I can say.  He told me some of what he goes through with CeCe.  And yes I know it is a well-kept secret.”
“Yes, we have gone to great lengths to keep it that way.  Her career could depend on it.”
“No worries.  I am able to keep a secret.”
He was rewarded with a kiss for his comments too.
“I think I’ll take up journaling and write about your kisses too.  Let’s see, today Sarah kissed me because I did a good thing.  I wonder what she would do if I did a really great thing, maybe I will do something and see how she kisses me then.”
“You’re crazy” she said laughing
“About you, yes I really am.”
Sarah wound her arms around Dalton’s neck and brought him down for another kiss.  This time she surprised him by teasing his lips open and deepening the kiss.  
When they broke apart, she was flushed and breathless.  “We better stop that for a while.” Dalton commented.  Let’s go walk on the beach, I’ll go change.”
Sarah directed him to one of the rooms on the other side of the cottage from hers.  She showed him all the facilities and told him she would meet him in the living room in a few minutes.


Sarah arrived back in the living room a few minutes later.  Dalton was dumbfounded.  She was even more dazzling than before.  She was wearing a barely there bikini and matching skirt and a big shirt as a cover-up.  She was very sexy.  He hand went to his heart to stop it from jumping out of his chest.  It was a good thing they were going to be in public.
“What’s wrong?” Sarah asked at the expression on his face.
“Nothing.” He replied breathlessly
“The look on your face is scaring me.” 
“You are stunning and my heart is about to beat me to death is all.  I hope you didn’t expect me to think intelligently about anything while you were wearing that bikini.”
Sarah beamed at him. “I thought it was sexy and beautiful in the store so I went for it.  I like sexy clothes under my conservative work clothes.”
“Yeah, that is making it easier to breathe.  You are killing me here.  Let’s go.” He said as he dragged her to the beach.
They walked hand in hand through the surf for a while.  His heart had almost returned to beating normally.  She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.  He would someday be able to lay her down on his bed and remove those “conservative clothes” to discover her sexy underclothes that she mentioned.  
“Dalton, you have that look on your face again.” 
“Sorry, I was just daydreaming.”
“Do I want to know what about?”
“I was dreaming about laying you down on my bed and removing those “conservative clothes” so I could see what sort of sexy underclothes you liked to wear.”
Sarah blushed “Maybe I shouldn’t have told you that.”
“You can tell me anything, sweetheart.”
“Tell me something.  Did you tell your family about my illness?”
“Yes I told “our” family about your illness.”
“So what happened? What did they say?”
“This story is more than a little embarrassing for me, but, hey, I am getting used to it.  I got home that Saturday and we had another family meeting.  David was demanding to know what you meant about not being able to come to the ranch and not being able to ride horses anymore.  So I told them what you had told me.  Gabby was upset; she wondered why you hadn’t told her.  I explained what you said.  Her comment was that she wanted to take care of her girl.”
“Oh, Dalton, I screwed up again.”
“No, don’t do that to yourself.  She will understand when you talk to her again.  Besides this is the part of the story that is embarrassing you don’t want to miss it.”
“Go on.”
“Anyway, Gabby was upset and said “I needed to look after her.  She is my girl.” and my response was “I know and now she is my girl.”  Apparently they had missed me being gone for several nights that week or hadn’t put it together, but they were surprised by my comment.  But not Nick, no, he just erupted with laughter again, at my expense.”
“I’m sorry.” She said but was not looking very sorry.
“Yeah, you look really sorry.”
She sobered at once and moved to stand in front of him.  “I am sorry you keep having to explain me to your family.”
“I don’t look at it as having to explain you.  We are a close family and we share a lot and we all want to know you better.  You will be a member of that family when you are ready.  You already are, you just won’t admit it.”
“What else happened?”
“I explained about us and everyone was happy about that.  Nick was gloating mostly.  I told them the bad parts too and they commiserated with me.  And then Greg called and invited me here.  That cheered everyone up again.”
“He was quite sneaky.  I had no idea.  CeCe either.  We didn’t know he was eavesdropping on our conversation on Saturday.”
“I am extremely glad that he did.” Dalton said as he pulled her into his arms again.  “So very glad.”
“Me too” she said as he lowered his head to kiss her
They returned to walking along the surf and talking of everyday things.  “I love this, talking with you, looking at you.” Dalton commented  “Do you feel up to a swim with me?”
“Sure”
She removed her hat, cover-up and skirt and went to Dalton who had “that” look on his face again.
“I am in such big trouble.  It was bad enough before, but now.”
“Come on.” She winked at him and ran to the water.  “Catch me if you can.”
He took off running after her but she had dived into the waves and he lost her for moment.  He waited for her to surface and then he reacted.  He dived for her and caught her legs under the water as she was looking for him.  They wrestled for a few minutes until he had her in his arms again.  
“I win.” He gloated.
“Maybe I didn’t try very hard to run.” She dared
“I still won.  What is my prize?’
Sarah kissed him on the cheek.  He dunked them both in the water as repayment.  “Try again.” He said as they surfaced.  So she kissed him on the other cheek and he dunked them both again and she came up laughing and sputtering ocean water.  “I’ll do it myself this time.” He said as he lowered his head to hers and kissed her.  They played and swam in the ocean for a while until they were worn out.  She grabbed her clothes from the beach and they headed back to the cottage.  
“I guess I am forgiven now for inviting him?” Greg called from their patio
Sarah and Dalton detoured to the main house.  “Yes, and thank you.  It was a wonderful surprise.” Sarah beamed at Dalton.
“Good, go get cleaned up and come back for dinner.” CeCe chimed in. 
Sarah and Dalton left to do as instructed.  When they arrived at the cottage, Dalton pulled her into him again “I’m a wonderful surprise now.” He glowed.  “I like that.” He said as he lowered his head and kissed her.  She answered him without words as he deepened the kiss.  
They both showered and changed.  Dalton knocked on her door as she was finishing dressing. “Come in”.  
“I am just finishing up.  I have to put some lotion on and finish my makeup.”
“I’ll do the lotion.” He came and took the bottle from her and sat her on the bed.  She was wearing a halter style top and casual shorts that showed a lot of her gorgeous legs.  He never broke eye contact with her as he poured lotion into his hands and began to smooth it into her skin.  She had gotten a tan while she had been here and her skin was irresistible.  
He started at her shoulders and massaged the lotion down towards her hand.  As he reached her hand he massaged and kissed each finger with tenderness.  Sarah groaned with each kiss.  Dalton just smiled and moved to the other shoulder and started the process all over again.  He was just as loving as he reached her hand again.  Each finger received the same tender kisses.  Sarah closed her eyes at the sensations he was creating.
Dalton then knelt down on the carpeted floor in front of her and reached for her foot.  He lifted it so that it would sit on his thigh as he massaged the lotion into her thighs, calves and feet.  The time he kissed her along her leg as he went.  When he had reached the end of that leg, he gently returned her foot to the carpet and picked up the other leg to repeat the process.  That leg too received kisses as he worked his way down from her thigh.  
When that pleasure had ended, he urged her to stand up and turn and face the bed.  “Lie down and let me do your back.” Sarah was too dazed to object so she lay face down on the bed.  She felt the bed give under his weight as he moved beside her.  He reached for the tie that held her shirt on and moved the fabric aside.  His hands began the sensual massage from her shoulders down.  He paused frequently to kiss her suntanned skin.  He brushed his hands down her side to barely skim the sides of her breasts with his fingers.  Sarah was drowning so deep in the pleasure that she didn’t realize the Dalton had retied her shirt until he whispered in her ear to turn over and move up to the pillows.  
She moved as if in slow motion because he had turned her senses on full throttle.  As she got comfortable on her pillows, Dalton began to mesmerize her even more.  “That was the best most pleasurable thing I have ever done with a woman.  When we are married, I am going to do that again but even better.  I will see all of this glorious body and I will massage lotion into parts I can only see in my imagination right now.”  As he was talking he was moving his body over hers in an imitation of times to come.  He started spreading her hair out across the pillows still talking about the future.  “I am going to spread this spun gold hair out on my silk sheets and revel in your body.  I am going to kiss you here.” He kissed her ears. “And here” he moved to her neck to sample her sweetness there.  “And here” he had moved to the low vee neck of her shirt and kissed her between her breasts.  “And here” was the bare skin that was displayed between her shorts and her shirt.  
He moved back up to lie on her and took her hands in his and moved them until they were positioned above her head.  Their bodies were in complete alignment and she could feel his desire.  She groaned and closed her eyes as he lowered his head to hers.  He sweetly kissed her lips until they broke open and he sealed their mouths together as their bodies were.
She couldn’t stand not touching him so she tugged her hands from his and moved them to his back.  She ran her hands down his rugged muscles and savored the strength in them.  He felt so good to her.
Several minutes later they broke the kiss and stared into the other’s eyes.  Dalton moved to lie beside her but did not stop his caressing.  “That was unbelievable.  Thank you for letting me do that.”
“Good Heavens Dalton!  That was so incredible for me and you are saying “Thank you” to me.  You got that backwards.  Thank you!”
“It was my greatest pleasure.”
“Each second got better and better.  And when you talked to me I almost melted.  You are so good to me.  You feel so good to me.”
“I plan to be good to you for a very very long time, my Sarah.  A very long time.”
Sarah moaned in pleasure. “Now I am supposed to go to dinner with my bosses.  I think I need a minute.  I have to go finish my makeup.”  She got up off the bed but he caught her arm gently. 
Dalton was sitting on the side of the bed and Sarah was standing between his legs.  He waited until she was looking at his face then spoke softly “I love you Sarah Dawson.” Sarah gently cupped his face and kissed him to give him her reply.
Sarah took Dalton’s hand and led him into the other room with her.  She couldn’t bear to be apart from him right then so she had him with her as she applied her makeup and re-brushed her hair.  Dalton didn’t mind one bit to be near Sarah.  As she was brushing her hair, he leaned over and spoke softly to her. “I love your hair.  When we get home tonight, will you let me brush it for you?”
She paused for a moment to study his face.  She nodded and went back to her task.  She finished a few moments later and they headed to dinner at the main house.  


Dinner with Greg and CeCe was a wondrous affair.  Their cook had prepared some of the local favorites for the “mainlanders” to try.  
CeCe asked Dalton about Matthews International and he started to describe its various parts.  “My father started it several years before he died.  It was originally the umbrella name for the businesses he purchases to further enhance the ranch.  He purchased feed companies to he could control the quality of food the horses received.  He purchased equipment companies so we would have the best equipment.”
“My dad was good at ranching and at business.  He had a gift for succeeding no matter what.  His ranch grew and his businesses grew.  Eventually, David took over the ranch as he became more and more involved in the breeding program.  When I graduated from college, I worked at Matthews while I got my Masters.  Then after about a year of very hard tutelage by my father, he decided I was ready to run the joint and he retired.  He and my mother spent their last couple of years together traveling and enjoying life.”  
“Lindsay decided she wanted to do both so she combined both and handles the ranch business now.  Matthews has branched into more businesses that promote the ranch and other areas as well.  We have about thirty restaurants and hotels in the US and Canada.  And we have a charitable foundation that distributes grants to those who deserve it.  Like the HQ Service Foundation.” He closed with a look and a wink to Sarah.
Sarah blushed but turned to CeCe “Have you heard of the restaurant, Fantasy?”
“Yes, we have been planning to go there.”
“It is glorious and you just happen to know the owner.” She said with a wink back to Dalton.  It was now his turn to look uncomfortable under the scrutiny.
“We will plan a double date when we get back.” Greg interrupted.  “I think my assistant can arrange that.”
“With pleasure, boss.”
“Somehow I thought that might be your response.” Greg commented knowingly
“What about you CeCe, how did you get into acting?” Dalton asked.
“It’s all in the family you might say.  Even though it isn’t a hugely publicized fact, my mother was the late actress Deena Carters.”
Dalton whistled and said “Well, that explains how her diamonds were an auction item at the gala.”
“Yes, it is a great cause and I know she would be glad they were used for good instead of locked in a vault.  Anyway, we don’t look much alike so I have been able to make my own name in Hollywood without using the family name.”
“I have enjoyed your movies, CeCe.” Dalton said “I hope you plan to do more.”
“I do.  I am taking off for a bit while I review some scripts.  I am getting anxious to start again though.”
“Me too.” replied Greg.  “I am final stages of negotiations with some studios and next summer I will start filming in New York.”
“So tell me, how did Sarah go from working at Davis Enterprises to personal assistant to the stars?”  Dalton asked the group.  They each looked to each other to begin the story.  CeCe and Greg kept silent as Sarah began to talk.
“The day before your birthday all those years ago, I received a job offer from Davis Enterprises to be a management consultant.  My job was going to be to review the workers and determine efficiency changes and things like that.  I ended up really enjoying it and being very good it.”
“When I got sick, I started attending a support group for people with chronic illnesses.  I met CeCe there.  I wasn’t real knowledgeable about movie stars and she came with some disguises so I didn’t recognize her.  We would talk at the meeting and go for coffee after some of them.  She finally confessed who she was and we got a great laugh at my expenses. We would compare “horror” stories and we became friends.  CeCe asked me if I would become her personal assistant and I thought about it for a long time.  It was my dream job but I was enjoying my other job also.  One time we went out for coffee and she was still trying to convince me to be her assistant.  She asked me where I worked and when I told her Davis Enterprises, her mouth dropped but she didn’t say anything else.  The next week, I was called to the office of the president of Davis Enterprises.  I walked in and CeCe was sitting in the chair in-front of Greg’s desk and she introduced me to my boss her husband.  We all had a great laugh about how none of us had connected the dots that we all knew each other.  They asked me to be their personal assistant and I agreed.  And then the foundation idea came along and now I do both.”
“With tremendous success, I might add.  We love her.” CeCe exclaimed and Sarah blushed again.
“That’s my Sarah.” Dalton beamed
“So let’s talk about that some more.” Greg commanded.
Sarah balked and said “No, let’s don’t.” 
“What did you want to know?” Dalton asked ignoring Sarah’s gasp of surprise
“What exactly are your intentions towards our Sarah?” Greg asked without remorse.
“Greg!” Sarah exclaimed and covered her face with her hands. “This is not happening.”
Dalton reached for her hands and brought them from her face and spoke to Greg without turning away from Sarah.  “I plan to marry her when she believes that I love her with all my heart and that I can take whatever life brings our way.”
“Good answer.” Greg said in his fatherly voice.  CeCe was too moved by Dalton’s declaration to do anything but cry with joy for her friend.
The talk between the two couples turned to much lighter subjects.  Dalton shared stories of his family, his best friend Nick.  Greg, CeCe and Sarah shared stories of some of their travels together.  Sarah decided it was getting late and they needed to return to the cottage.  As they were moving away, Greg called to Sarah “You officially started your vacation the minute Dalton arrived at the gate.  Enjoy it!”
Dalton escorted a stunned Sarah back to their cottage.  She came around to reality when they hit the back porch of the cottage.  “A vacation?” Sarah mumbled to herself.
“What a coincidence that I am on vacation too?  Want to spend it together?”
“You better believe it.  I can’t wait.”
“Me neither.  Now go get ready for bed then bring that brush out to the sofa on the porch.”
“Ah, Dalton, remember that comment about the sexy underclothes, umm, that applies to the night clothes too.  Are you sure?”
“I’m very sure. Go!”
“Do you want some juice or something while you wait?” 
“I’ll get it, do you want something?” 
“Just some water.  I’ll be right back.”
Several minutes later Dalton had settled onto the sofa on the patio.  He had looked forward to this since Sarah had brushed her hair before dinner.  He had removed his shirt because the night air was the perfect temperature.  He was reclining on the couch when a noise startled him.  He opened his eyes to see Sarah admiring him from the doorway.  She must have gasped when she came through the door.  “What’s wrong?” he asked
“Nothing.  You are gorgeous!  I knew you were well built but mercy me.”
“Oh Sarah, you are the gorgeous one.  Those night clothes are spectacular.”  And they were, she was wearing a pale peach nightgown and robe set that almost reached her knees.  The gown had spaghetti straps and was made of silk.  She felt beautiful and desirable when he looked at her.  
“Come here.” He motioned with his hand.  “Are you going to be hot with that robe on?  I want you to be comfortable.”
“I’ll take it off if you will be comfortable.  The gown is pretty revealing.” She replied slightly embarrassed.
“Take it off.  I’ll be fine.”
She reached to untie it but his hands beat her to it.  He kept his eyes focused on hers as he untied the bow and separated the fabric until it slid to the floor.  The he sat back down on the couch and positioned Sarah in front of him so he could brush her hair.
“Are you sure you are not too tired?  I don’t want you to feel bad tomorrow.” 
“I’ll be fine.  I can sleep in if I want too.  How did you know that being tired makes it worse?” Sarah inquired
“I had Tyler fax me some information on your illness and then I read up on it off the internet.”
“That was so sweet of you.  Thank you.  It makes me feel very special that you would do that so you would know how to help me.” 
“We will talk more about this later.  But I just want to say one thing before we start on the fun part of the night.  Are you listening to me?”
“Yes, I’m listening.”
“I will do anything in my power to help you with this illness.  Now relax and let me enjoy you.”
Sarah smiled at him and relaxed while he brushed her hair.  He didn’t talk much, he wanted her to concentrate on feeling special.  He would whisper “I love this hair” every once in a while.  Pretty soon he sat the brush aside and had her recline completely against him so he could put his arms around her.  She sighed and snuggled into him.  He continued to caress her face and hair as she lay on his chest.  “I could really get used to this treatment. It is wonderful.”
“I’m glad you like it.  I am enjoying it immensely.  Anytime you are in my arms is pure heaven for me.”
“That is a nice way to put it.”
“Shh.”
“What’s the matter?”
“Nothing. Just relax and enjoy.”
She did as instructed and relaxed against him even more. Finally. He thought, she is beginning to trust me.  He moved his hands from her face and her to her shoulders and arms and then her hands.  He loved her graceful hands and spent a long time concentrating on making her feel what he was feeling.  
“When I make love to you, I want to feel these hands everywhere possible.” He whispered to her.  “I can imagine them caressing me just as I caressed you earlier.”
He shifted his hands back to her shoulders and moved the strap of her gown down.  He moved her head so he would be able to kiss her neck and shoulders with ease.  He lifted her arms above his head so he could caress her body.  “I’m going to touch you some Sarah, so you can get used to my caresses.  Just relax.”  She nodded.
He moved both hands to the outsides of her breasts and began to touch her through the gown.  She momentarily stiffened until he reminded her to relax and enjoy.  He moved to the insides of her breasts with a gentle stroke his wrists moved over her nipples.  He could feel her response and whispered again.  “How does that feel?”
“Exciting”
“Good, I will spend much time with these whenever possible.  They will be sweet to taste.  They will like it and so will you.”
“I already do.”
“Shh, just relax.”
He left her breasts reluctantly and moved to caress her hips.  “I will place a kiss here and here because your body is fabulous. And I won’t be able to stop kissing you.”
He continued his caresses from her neck to her hips all the while whispering his plans for her body when he made love to her.  “Sarah?”
“Yeah.”
“You are trembling.  Are you scared or excited?”
“Maybe a little of both.  I have never experienced this before.  I liked how you talked to me about what you were going to do to me.  It was incredible.”
“It will be incredible and exciting when we make love.  This excitement from tonight will just be the beginning of what you will feel with me.”
“Promise?”
“Absolutely.”
She relaxed back against him and closed her eyes as he returned to caressing her.  A few minutes later he could tell she had relaxed enough to almost fall asleep.  “Come with me beautiful.  It is time for you to go to bed.”
Dalton led her to her bedroom and pulled back the covers.  She climbed in and snuggled into the pillows and blankets.  He kissed her lips gently and told her he loved her and left her to sleep.  He went to his own room and climbed in his bed.  It has been a fabulous day. 


Chapter 15

Sarah was still sleeping when Dalton quietly opened her door the next morning.  He didn’t require much sleep but she needed it.  He went over to the bed and pulled back the covers so he could join her in the bed.  He settled himself on one of the pillows and gently reached for her.  She snuggled into him as if they had been sleeping together for years.  He watched her sleep for many minutes.  She gradually started to come to wakefulness and was startled to find him holding her. 
“Good morning my Sarah”
“What are you doing in here?”
“Holding you while you sleep.”
“Why?”
“So you will get used to it.  It is going to be a change for both of us to sleep in the same bed.  We need to practice at that too.”
“Do you know everything about everything?  I would have never thought of that.”
“Believe me, I have thought about you in my bed many times.  It will be glorious, beautiful, sexy, fun, exciting, loving and caring.  Now go back to sleep, I’m just going to hold you.”
“Right, sleep is the first thing on my mind right now.  You just told me you think about me in your bed and I am supposed to roll over and go to sleep.  Not likely.”
He laughed gently “Do you want me to talk some more about it or show you some more about it?”
“Yes.”
He rolled her over onto her back and rolled over on top of her so she could feel his entire body.  “Remember when we did this yesterday?”
“Yes” she whispered excitedly
“This is one of the ways we will make love.  I will join my body to yours as intimately as possible.  It will sometimes be slow and easy.  Sometimes you will need it hard and fast but it will always be pleasurable.”
He rolled off of her and onto his back and pulled her on top of him.  “This way is fabulous also.  I will be able to caress your back as you lay out on top of me.  I will watch you as you kiss your way up and down my body.  And when you and I are joined intimately in this position, you will sit up and lean back on my knees so that I can caress your breasts and your sex as we make love.” Her body reacted as if he had done those things instead of just talked about them.  He moved her to sit up and lean back on his knees.  He took his hand and caressed down from her shoulders to her breasts to her hips and then to her legs.  “I can reach so much of your body like this.  I can see you joined to me and I will love watching you and me together.”
He eased her back to his chest and relaxed her by rubbing her back and shoulders.  When she had stopped trembling, he rolled them both to their sides.  He moved his head to kiss her.  She moaned as he teased her lips open and deepened the kiss.  When he lifted his head she was dazed and confused.
“Go to sleep.”
“Will you be my pillow?”
“How will I be your pillow?” a confused Dalton asked
Instead of telling him, Sarah moved to lie on top of him and use his chest as a pillow. 
“I believe that I like being your pillow.” He said a few minutes later.  He made slow gentle strokes on her hair and down her graceful body.  He tried to make them relaxing instead of arousing.  They both fell back to sleep and woke when the spinning sensation rocketed Sarah.  She jerked as if she was falling.  She moved to lie on the bed and closed her eyes.  “Hey, you okay?” he asked
“Yes, the bed was just spinning for a minute.  I am fine now.”
“What should I do?”
“Nothing except hold my hand.” She said as she reached for him.
He cradled her hand between his chest and hand and was giving it kisses.  “You have very graceful hands.  Have I mentioned that before?  Have I mentioned how much I will love having them on me?”
“Yes, but tell me again.  Tell me how to please you with my hands.”
“We will do that later.”
“But, I want to know.”
He place a gentle finger across her lips. “Later, I promise we will both like it.  Now, what do you want to do today?  Stay in, go see the sights, lay on the beach?”
“Yes.”
Dalton laughingly inquired “Yes to which one?”
“You chose.”
“First let’s shower, get dressed and eat.  Then when your brain in functioning again, I’ll ask your preference.”
Sarah agreed with his agenda and move to the shower.  The attack this morning had been minor and she hoped that it was a one-time event for today.  
They found a nice walking trail and decided to see where it headed.  Sarah asked Dalton about his parents.  They had both passed away when Lindsay and her had been in college.  It had been tough for Lindsay to do her school work and grieve but she had accomplished it.  
“My parents were wonderful together.  They showed me what I want in a marriage.  I remember them talking, laughing, fighting, making up and sharing life together.  The good parts and the bad.  They worked hard and taught us to work hard.  We were taught values, ethics, and respect for others and to take responsibilities for our actions.”
“That is a beautiful legacy.  You and David and Lindsay are the proof that they succeeded.”
“David and Lindsay maybe, but I didn’t do so well at respecting others.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You. I didn’t respect you at all, did I?  That horrible day in the barn, I wasn’t respectful of anyone but me.”
She moved rapidly to get in front of him to stop his movement.  “Dalton, please don’t think that.  That day has passed, we are moving on.  You and me, we have survived it and look at us.  We are holding hands, hugging, cuddling, kissing, dancing, and loving.  No, that day wasn’t the best day for either of us; but let the memories of yesterday or today replace the bad ones from that day.  We need that.”
Dalton caught her up in a powerful hug.  He held onto her for several minutes before he let her feet touch the ground again but he still didn’t let go.  “Thank you.” He whispered in her ear as the hug continued.
“You are welcome.”
The morning was filled with laughter and sharing.  They took pictures of each other and the scenery.  They drove to town and had lunch at a sidewalk café then decided to head back to the cottage.
As Sarah was changing into her swimsuit, Dalton knocked on her door.  “I’m sure you need my help to put on the sunscreen.”
She laughed at him because he had a pleading look on his face.  She didn’t respond to his comment just handed him the sunscreen.  “Sarah, this swimsuit is just as great as yesterdays, did you buy enough for a new one each day?” Dalton said admiring the red bikini.
“I am going to let you be surprised about that.” She said with a wink.  
Dalton lowered his head and kissed her.  As he ended the kiss he swept her up in his arms and moved them towards the bed.  He sat her down on the edge of the bed while he propped himself up on the pillows.  He spread his legs to make room for her to sit between them and motioned her forward.  She sat facing away from him and reclined back against him.  He immediately started to kiss her hair, neck and shoulders.  He was not in any hurry to apply the sunscreen.  “I love you sitting with me like this.  My arms wrapped around you securing you to me.  My legs entangled with yours.  When I make love to you, you will wrap those long luscious legs around me as I am deep inside of you.  And when you are making love to me, I will be able to stroke them and you until you are wild for me.”
Dalton moved from behind Sarah and laid her out on the bed.  His touch continued down to her breasts.  “When I love and suck on these, you will feel it deep inside of you.  It will be like an electric current.  You will not be able to hold still because the feelings inside will be too great to contain.”
“I will move on to glory in your body.  It fascinates me and I plan to explore to the fullest.”  He skimmed her body with his lips enticing and arousing her.
“Dalton, kiss me anywhere.”
“How about I kiss you lots of anywheres?”
“Yes”
Dalton shifted to lie mostly on Sarah, he moved one leg between hers.  “If you feel like moving against me, go ahead and do it.  I want you to be an active participant when we love.”  She smiled at his words as he went back to savoring her.  He placed a quick but gentle kiss on her lips and then returned to deepen it.  He felt her arms wrap around him. He reached up her arms to stroke her and encourage her.
Sarah groaned “I feel like I am attached to a hot wire.  Everything is tingling.”
“Good! That is what I want you to feel.”
He continued to stroke her skin until she relaxed and fell asleep.  He held her and tried to memorize her face.  He fell asleep along with her.  They awoke still wrapped up together.  The afternoon passed for them a haze of learning each other’s touch.  
“We missed going to the beach.” Sarah commented as she looked at the clock.
“Like I care?  I spent a wonderful afternoon with my sweetheart wrapped in my arms.” replied Dalton with a huge smile on his face.  “How about a swim by moonlight later?”
She nodded and moved off the bed.  “Do you want anything from the kitchen?”
He climbed off the bed and walked with her to get a soda.  As they were in the kitchen Sarah’s cell phone rang.  “Hi Greg”
“Hey.  We are going to build a fire down on the beach and enjoy the evening.  Do you and Dalton want to come enjoy it with us?”  
Dalton nodded that it was fine with him.
“Sure, what time?”
“Six, we will eat and then just relax.”
“Ok. See you then.”
“That sounds like fun.” Dalton remarked as she hung up.  “I like them.”
“They have been so wonderful to me.  Since CeCe has the same illness as me, we share a lot of the tough times.  She shares with Greg what she is able but he wants to fix it and he can’t.  I will have that trouble with you too won’t I?”
Dalton nodded “More than likely.”
They took their drinks and walked to the living room. She sat her drink on the coffee table and seated herself so she could face Dalton.  He did the same.
Sarah reached for his hand and began to speak. “We need to talk some about this.  I want you to be my knight in shining armor, the man who wants to slay all my dragons.  But Dalton, you can’t slay this dragon.  It doesn’t play by the rules.
“I know and I hate it already.”
“We all hate it.  Our loved ones hate it.  All of us just want to make sure our loved ones don’t end up hating us.”
“Never!” Dalton replied grabbing her chin to force her to look at him 
She reached up to gently remove his hand.  “You can’t promise that and I don’t expect you too.”
He shook her hand off and put his hand right back on her chin so she would be forced to look at him.  “I can and do promise that.  I will never ever hate you.  I will hate this illness but not you.  Do you understand me?  Do you understand the difference?  I love you!”
She reached up to gently remove his hand again.  She kissed it as she laid it in her lap “Dalton, I know you love me and I understand the difference between hating me and hating this disease.  But I have heard of it happening in the support groups I have been involved in.  I never want that for me or for you.  That’s why you have to keep your promise that if it gets too bad you will let me walk away.”
“No, I take back that promise.  We Matthews fight our way through the tough times, not walk away.”
“You can’t take that promise back!  You don’t know how bad the tough times can get.”
“Then tell me.”
“Some days the dizziness and balance problems are so bad I can’t walk to the bathroom without help.  Or I can sometimes crawl.  Maybe one day my hearing will be bad and maybe some days my eyesight isn’t so great. Sometimes the dizziness isn’t the problem but I am so tired I am mean.  My emotions can be horrible and I can become depressed if the symptoms hang around for several days or if I have missed something I really wanted to do.  Some days I just want to yell at the top of my lungs that I hate this.”
“I have a big ranch with plenty of room for yelling.”
“Stop that.  I am trying to get you to understand how bad it can be.”
“I don’t think I can fully understand that unless it happens to me.  I read about these symptoms, Greg told me some of what he goes through, but I can and will deal with whatever we need to regarding this illness.”
She lowered her head as the tears flowed down her face.  She whispered brokenly “Why would you want to?  It can be so awful.”
Dalton exploded “Did you seriously just ask me that?  Why would I want to?”
She nodded.
“I thought we were settled on this.  I guess I haven’t fully convinced you yet.  It will be my great pleasure to do more convincing.” He replied with a wicked grin.  “Let’s start with the words.  I hope this does not fully convince you because the other way is terribly fun.”
“Dalton!”
“Come here, please” He indicated she should sit on his lap.  After she was settled he looked into eyes so she could read him and he laid his hand on her heart and placed her hand on his heart. “I adore you.  I have you in my heart forever.  I want to be in your heart forever.  You are an amazing person.  I love you, Sarah Dawson.  And not because you do or do not have some illness.  Are you convinced?”
“Yes”
“Darn, I was too good.  I was ready to do more convincing.”
“Later, I’ll be back to being unconvinced again I am sure.” She said mischievously then sobered.  “I’m sorry for doubting you.  I don’t want to hurt you.  You think you are big and tough but you also have a heart of gold.  I don’t want to be the one to ever change that.  I want to cherish and love you forever.”
“I don’t want to hurt you either.  I’m sure I will hurt with you on the bad days.  I will slay the dragons that I can and learn to realize that this dragon could win some days.  I will want to protect you from all hurts but I will have to learn that I can’t.”
“No, you can’t and that will frustrate you terribly.”
“Yes, but I have a big ranch that can take my frustrations and make them manageable again.  Hauling hay and breaking horses takes away anyone’s frustrations.  My dad’s tried and true method.”
Sarah smiled gently “Had to do that some as a kid, did we?”
“Lots.  I was a bit stubborn and headstrong.”
“No, really!” Sarah laughed sarcastically
“Like someone else I know!  We may have some pretty spectacular fights but just think about the making up.”
“We sort of just had a fight.”
“Want to make up?” he winked and she nodded “Good answer.” He said and he reached to kiss her.  Her lips were welcoming and warm.  He opened his mouth on hers and devoured her.  He moved to stretch out on the couch with her on top.  He ran his hands lovingly up and down her body then hugged her hard against him.  “You feel so good laying on me” He replied many minutes later.  “This morning when you used me as a pillow was so much fun.  I could feel all of you and caress a good portion.  You trusted me to keep you comfortable.”
“You are comfortable.  You are also sexy, handsome, strong, fun, and very very loving.”
“I’d go right back to that too but we are due for dinner with your friends.”
“Later?”
“Promise”


They freshened up and walked down to the beach to meet Greg and CeCe.  They were under the beach umbrella between the water and the house.  They were reclining together in a huge chair enjoying the ocean view.
“Good evening.” Dalton called as they approached
“Hey, enjoying your vacation?” Greg responded
“It’s wonderful.  We went and did some walking around this morning and had lunch at a nice sidewalk café.  This afternoon we slept.” Sarah responded
“Sit down and enjoy the view with us.” CeCe motioned to a matching chair where they could both recline.  Dalton moved to sit down and helped Sarah to get comfortable lying against him.  He wrapped his strong arms around Sarah and kissed the top of her head.  
“This type of relaxing could get to be habit forming.  Do we have to ever go home?” Dalton asked the group.
“We may be the four most driven individuals in the world.  We probably couldn’t take all the relaxing.” Greg said responding to Dalton’s question.
“Let’s give it a shot and find out.  I am all for experimenting with new things.” Dalton retorted.
“Me too” CeCe and Sarah responded and everyone laughed.  It was the start of a fun filled evening of good friends and pleasant conversation.  
“Tomorrow evening will you be my guests at the hotel in town for dinner and maybe some dancing.” Dalton asked as the evening came to a close.
“Ah, Dalton, we have managed to keep CeCe’s whereabouts a secret.  That might jeopardize that.” Sarah tried to let him down without hurting him.
“I know the owner of the hotel and we can get a private dining room for the four of us.” Dalton said to calm her fears.
“Oh really?” Sarah questioned “Would this owner be sitting with me on the beach right now?”
“Well, as a matter of fact he would.  Isn’t that an amazing coincidence?” was Dalton’s smug reply.
“Dalton” Sarah exclaimed in disbelief.
“I couldn’t believe it either.  When Tyler gave me the directions on how to get here, I had to laugh to myself.  I love to visit this hotel.  It is beautifully decorated and the staff is well trained.  If you want to we can spend the day there tomorrow.  There is a spa for you ladies to get receive some pampering and there is plenty for all of us to do.  Then we can have dinner and dancing.”
Sarah was speechless.  Greg and CeCe were nodding their agreement to the plan.  
“The hotel’s limo will pick us up here and take us directly to the private elevator.  The top floor of the hotel is mine.  There are two luxury guest suites with a private dining room in between.  We can arrive whenever and leave whenever.  The spa is all arranged in my name so no one will know where CeCe is.”
“Thank you Dalton, that is very sweet of you.” CeCe commented. “It sounds like a wonderful plan.  Sarah you need to hang onto him.”
“I plan to.” She said with a wink to Dalton
Dalton hugged her closer in response.
CeCe and Greg bid them good night.  “Stay and enjoy as long as you like.  The staff will clean up in the morning.”
“Thank you for a wonderful evening.” Sarah declared
When they were alone again, Sarah turned to where she could face Dalton. “You are so amazing and sweet.  Thank you for thinking of CeCe’s privacy.”
“I like her and Greg.  I want to repay them for helping us.  I’d do anything for them.  A day at my hotel is a start.”
“Oh, Dalton.” Sarah leaned forward and kissed him.  
“For us, I have planned a couple’s massage on the beach.  Greg and CeCe too if they want, but I figured they might prefer it in their room just in case.  It is a private location where the massages are, but if they want to be extra careful they might choose their room.”
“And what else do you have planned?”
He cleared his throat almost as if he was embarrassed. “I am hoping you will agree to stay the night in the hotel with me.  I won’t make love to you but I do want to spend time with you in the hot tub in my room. Clothing is optional.”
“I’d be thrilled to spend the night with you in the hotel.” Sarah replied in anticipation.  Dalton settled her more closely to him and watched her in the moonlight.  “Dalton, I don’t want to end this night.  But even with that nap I am tired.  Can we go in?”
“Sure.  Should I carry you?”
“Just hold my hand.”
As they walked back to the cottage, Sarah broke the silence “I wanted to spend time tonight learning to please you with my hands, but I am too tired.  Is that okay?”
“Yes, my love.  I will teach you another time.”  As they entered the house he followed her to her room, “Get ready for bed and I’ll be back to tuck you in.” he said with a kiss to her forehead.
Sarah rushed through a shower but Dalton still beat her back into her room.  He had pulled the covers down and was waiting to hand her into the bed.  She got comfortable on the pillows and he covered her up.  He pressed a kiss to her lips and said “I love you my Sarah. Sleep well.”
“Good night sweetheart.”


Chapter 16

The sun was shining brightly the next morning when Sarah awoke.  She decided to pay Dalton a visit in his room.  She quietly opened the door and walked in.  She looked down on him for several minutes before easing the covers back and laying down beside him.  He did not wake up so she continued to study him.  Sarah, you are so blessed to have this man love you.  You need to say those words back to him for the rest of your life.  He wants to take care of you and he will do the best he can.  There will not be anyone who treats you better.  It is time to give it back.
She raised her eyes to his face and found him watching her. “You look thoughtful this morning, my Sarah. Are you okay?”
“Yes, I am wonderful.” She said as she kissed him good morning.
He told her to hold that thought as he ran to freshen up from his night’s rest.  As he returned, he gathered her in his arms “Now, why are you wonderful this morning?”
“Because you love me.”
“Yes, I do, very much.”
“And because I love you.”
Dalton sat up so fast he hit his head on the headboard.  “What?” he said rubbing his head
“Are you okay?” she asked concerned
“Forget that.  Tell me again.”
She moved to sit face to face with him so he could see that she had no doubts.  She took his hands in hers and stated clearly “I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life taking care of you.”
“No doubts?”
“None whatsoever.”’
“No fears?”
“Yes, tons of those but not about loving you. Just about the future.”
“We will handle the future together babe.  Always together.”
“That sounds perfectly wonderful.” Sarah said through her tears of happiness.
“Sarah, there is a jewelry store at the hotel.”
“Really, that’s nice” she said cheekily.  She was grabbed and tossed to the bed for her impertinence.  Then she was kissed hard to make sure she understood the severity of her “crime”.  “Good heavens Dalton. That gets better every time.” She replied out of breath
“You ain’t seen nothin’ yet.  But first things first.  
He moved so that she was looking him in the eye.  Dalton took one of her hands in his “Sarah Dawson, will you do me the greatest honor of my life and become my wife?”
Sarah used her free hand to gently cup his face as she answered “it will be my honor to be your wife; will you do me the greatest honor of my life and become my husband?”
“It will be my honor to be your husband.”  They leaned towards each other to seal their pledge with a kiss.
“Let’s surprise Greg and CeCe today with the news but let’s not tell our family for a while.  I have a great plan on how to tell them.”  She listened to his plan and thought it was a fun idea.  


The limousine picked the two couples up at the Davis’ house about mid-morning.  He told them about the couples massage options if they were interested and told them that there would be staff available to arrange whatever they needed that day or night.  
“Sarah and I plan to spend the night at the hotel, but the limousine will take you back home if you prefer.”
“No, we decided to stay the night also.” Greg replied “We can’t thank you enough for your generosity in doing this for us.  Keeping it private so we can enjoy it without publicity.”
“I owe you a great deal more than this.” Dalton said as he waved away Greg’s thank-you.  
The ride to the hotel was not long.  The hotel manager greeted them in the private elevator.  “Welcome Mr. Matthews”
“Hello, Kevin.”
“I’d like you to meet my guests, Greg, CeCe and Sarah.”
“Welcome to all of you.  Your rooms are all arranged as instructed by Mr. Matthews.  The butler assigned to your room will arrange whatever you need.”  The elevator traveled to the top floor and the occupants stepped out into sheer elegance.  
“Dalton, this is the most beautiful hotel I have ever seen.” CeCe exclaimed
“I do like elegance!  And I like to treat others as I want to be treated.”  The manager directed Greg and CeCe to their rooms and Sarah and Dalton followed to make sure it was acceptable to them.  “The private dinner will be served at seven pm in the room across the hall.  Until then, please call on us at any time.” Kevin bowed and left the room.
“Please do call on them if they are needed.  I want you to really enjoy your time here.”
“We will. I am looking forward to that massage.” CeCe answered
“Sarah and I will leave you to it then.  We are going to go look at rings.  We will see you later.”
“Rings?” screamed CeCe.  Sarah and Dalton stopped their exit “Did we forget to tell you that we she agreed to marry me this morning?”  CeCe grabbed Sarah in a big hug.  Greg went to shake Dalton’s hand and offered his congratulations.  CeCe released Sarah and moved to give Dalton a big hug and whispered in his ear “We will talk later.”  Greg went to Sarah and hugged her.  “Congratulations Sarah, you deserve this.”
“Thank you both for everything; for ignoring my stupidity and inviting Dalton here.  We can never repay you.”
“Just be gloriously happy and that will be our thanks.” CeCe said as she hugged Sarah again.
Dalton tugged his fiancé to the door and wished the other couple a good day.  “Call us if you need us, otherwise we will see you at seven.”  Dalton led them to his suite of rooms and invited her in.  Her bag had already been placed in one of the bedrooms.  He showed her all the facilities and told her to make herself at home.  “Do you want anything to eat or drink before we go look at rings?”
“No, I’ll just freshen up and be ready to go.”


They left their suite a few minutes later to go to the jewelry store.  Dalton was welcomed and he introduced Sarah to the clerk.  The couple was directed to the engagement and wedding ring sets.  Sarah and Dalton had already discussed their ideas somewhat while they were in their room.  Sarah wanted to choose three or four styles she liked and then leave the store while he made the final decisions.  She would then be surprised when he formally proposed to her.
Sarah had a difficult time choosing because their selection was excellent.  The store personnel told her about the stones; the cut and clarity of the diamonds and the different band choices.  She didn’t really care about all that; she just wanted it to be beautiful.  She finally made her choices and left the store.  She told Dalton she was going to go do some shopping and to call her when he was finished.  He kissed her goodbye and told her to have fun.
She found the lingerie shop first and purchased some elegant undergarments and night gowns.  The clerk arranged to have them sent to Dalton’s suite.  She was paying for a stunning new dress when Dalton called her.  “I’m almost finished in the dress shop.”  She stated when he asked where she was.  “I’m on my way.” Dalton replied.
Sarah’s dress had needed some minor alterations but the clerk promised it would be delivered in time for their dinner tonight.  Sarah thanked the clerk and went to meet Dalton.
“Do you want to eat lunch in the café or in our room?” Dalton asked when they met up. “The café would be fine.” Sarah replied
Dalton was once again welcomed by the hostess at the café.  They were seated and had placed their orders when the chef came up to the table. He was not what Sarah was expecting in a chef.  He was tall and muscular and his face told the story of a hard life.
“Welcome Mr. Matthews”
“Hello Frank.  May I introduce my fiancé, Sarah. Sarah this is Frank.  He is a culinary genius.”
“Thank you, sir.” Frank said to Dalton and then turned to Sarah “I am preparing a scrumptious dinner and a decadent dessert for you tonight.”
“I can’t wait.” answered Sarah
“I must return to the preparations.  Aloha Mr. Matthews and his lovely Sarah.” Frank left them to return to the kitchen.
“Tell me his story.” Sarah inquired
“He doesn’t look like a typical chef, does he?”
“No”
“Frank was a hand at the ranch for a while.  He had made some bad choices as a young adult and ended up in prison.  He fought his way through prison and ended up working for David.  He was in charge of cooking for the ranch hands and his meals became legendary around the city.  Gabby was jealous for awhile until she ate one of them.  Then she fell in love with him as she does everyone.”
“Frank confided to Gabby that he had always loved to cook and should have made that choice instead of the bad ones.  She talked to David and I and we agreed to pay for his schooling if he would agree to work in one of the Matthews’ restaurants for a time.  He agreed, went to school and then chose to come here to work.  We couldn’t be more pleased, the restaurant gets rave reviews each year.  He is past his agreed time to work for us so he isn’t obligated to us anymore and we don’t expect to keep him here forever.”
“Has he received offers to work elsewhere?”
“Yes, he calls me and discusses them with me.  He trusts my opinion, but then he always turns them down.”
“He probably is a little insecure about his background and how he would be received elsewhere.”
“Most likely.”
“He is probably very grateful to you also.”
“But I don’t want him to miss his chance to make his dreams come true.  That’s why we sent him to school in the first place.”
“Now, I know another reason you are my knight in shining armor.  You made all my dreams come true too.”
“Sarah” Dalton covered her hand with his. “I want us to dream new dreams together and make them come true too.”
“We will, we will have wonderful times together.”
Their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of their lunch.  They talked of how he had all these elegant ideas for his restaurants and hotels.  He said it was because he liked to treat people well.  “I want to be treated like a king for a day so I treat others that way also.”
After finishing their lunch, they headed to the spa.  Their appointment for the couples massage was early afternoon.  They were greeted warmly by the staff and directed to separate dressing rooms to disrobe.  
Sarah changed out of her clothes and put on the luxurious robe.  She left the dressing room and was led to the private massage room on the beach.  Dalton greeted her with a kiss.  The therapists guided them to lie down on the tables.
The massage was a combination of hot rocks, reflexology and deep tissue massage.  It was heavenly.  Sarah had never enjoyed such decadent treatment before.  Dalton could see the pleasure on her face and was thrilled that he could give this to her.
Sarah was almost asleep by the time her massage was over.  She walked sleepily back to the dressing room to change clothes and met Dalton at the front desk.  “Let’s go, you need a long nap.” He said quietly as he led her to the private elevator to the suite.  Inside the elevator he gathered her close and laid her head on his shoulder.  “You looked like you enjoyed that massage, sweetheart.”
“That was amazing.  Can I have one of those daily?”
“Well, probably not daily, but whenever you want to we can arrange it.”
He opened the door to the suite and sent her to her room to change into some clothes for a long nap.  He knocked on her door a few minutes later and she had already climbed in bed.  
“Will you lay down with me?” queried Sarah
Dalton smiled at her and moved to join her.  She snuggled up to him and promptly fell asleep.  He continued to watch her for a few minutes.  He too fell asleep for a short nap.  She was still sleeping soundly when he woke up.  He eased out of the bed and went to the living room.  
“My pillow moved on me.” Sarah announced as she came to him.  
“I’m sorry.  You were sleeping so soundly I thought you wouldn’t miss me.”
She crawled into his lap and laid her head down on his shoulder and wrapped arms loosely around his neck.  He kissed her forehead and urged her to go back to sleep.  “I’ll just hold you.”  She nodded and fell back to sleep.  She was tired and he had to make sure she got enough rest so she wouldn’t have any attacks.  He didn’t want to waste a minute of their vacation.  
Dalton was enjoying holding her but it was getting late in the afternoon. “Babe, I hate to wake you but we need to get ready for dinner.” 
“I know, but this is so nice.” She replied sleepily.
“We will do more later.  You will enjoy it then too. And the other things I am going to show you.” 
She smiled and they went to shower and dress for dinner.  Sarah’s purchases had arrived during their massage and the suite’s butler had hung the dress in her closet.  Dalton was going to love this dress.  
Dalton was waiting in the living room when Sarah emerged from her bedroom.  He was dressed in a double breasted suit that emphasized his powerful body.  She waited for him to turn and notice her and when he did his hand went to his heart again.
“Do you like it?” Sarah asked as she turned very slowly so he could see the entire dress.
“It” was a mid-calf length navy blue dress.  The fabric was silk and it had a shimmering thread that ran through it to catch the light.  It draped low in the front to the valley between her breasts and the back draped down to her hips leaving her back exposed.  There was one tie across the upper back that kept it from falling off.  She had worn the necklace and earrings set again.  Her hair was brushed until it glittered in the light.  She had left it down because she knew he like it that way and she loved it when he ran his fingers through it.
He walked to her and then around her again.
“Dalton?”
He put one of his arms around her from behind and with the other he moved the hair away from her neck.  He placed a long leisurely kiss where her shoulder and neck met. “You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life.  You look stunning and I love this dress.”
“Thank you.  I hoped you would like it.”
“Love it!  It is a good thing that this is a private dinner or you would cause a riot.”
“Not me, but you might.  All the female wait staff would flock to our table to take your order.  This suit does lots for you.”
Dalton kissed her then offered her his arm.  They left the suite and moved to the private dining area.  The staff had followed his instructions to the letter.  There was soft music playing in the background and plenty of soft romantic light so CeCe and Sarah could see and not be disoriented.  The table was perfect and he was so pleased.  “Is this going to be enough light so that you don’t get disoriented?”
“It should be fine.”
Greg and CeCe entered the room a few minutes later.  “CeCe you look lovely.” Dalton said as he went to escort them to the sitting area.  
“Thank you Dalton.”
“Sarah, you look radiant.” CeCe commented as she saw Sarah’s dress.
“Thank you.  I feel that way too.” 
Dalton brought them some drinks and they all sat down to relax.  “Did you have a nice day?” Dalton inquired
“Yes!  Your staff is in the business of pampering your guests.  Everything we wanted appeared like magic and those massages.  I want one every day.” laughed CeCe
Sarah exclaimed “That’s what I said” 
“Greg and Dalton those could be company fringe benefits.  Your staff would be so loyal.” said CeCe.  Dalton and Greg just shook their heads and laughed.  
The wait staff silently entered the room and began to set up the dinner.  The two couples moved to the table and began to enjoy the scrumptious food prepared by Frank.  “Frank was right Dalton, this food is wonderful.”
“Who is Frank?” asked CeCe
“The chef.  I was introduced to him at lunch and he was very kind to me.  He told me he was preparing a feast for us and he lived up to it.  He has quite a storied life.”
“Tell us Dalton”
Dalton told them the same story he told Sarah at lunch.  They were impressed by the chef’s talents and his strength to change his life around.  It reminded Sarah of what she was trying to do with the foundation.  Change people’s lives.  
“Is there something wrong Sarah?” Dalton asked 
“No, I was just pondering CeCe’s comment about how he changed his life.  That is what I hope the foundation accomplishes with a lot of lives.  Changes for the better.”
“It already has, Sarah” remarked Greg.  “And it will continue to do so.”
Sarah nodded in agreement and the conversation resumed.  The dessert was served a few minutes later and it was as decadent as Frank had said it would be.  
After dinner, the two couples returned to the sitting areas to enjoy the good company.  The wait staff rolled the table from the room which left the area open for dancing.  Dalton stood and held his hand out to Sarah. “Will you dance with me?”
“I would love too.” Sarah beamed at him.
Dalton walked her to the open area and clasped their joined hands to his chest and placed his other hand on her back to bring her closer.  She laid her head on his shoulder and they began to move with the music.  Since her dress left her back exposed, he hand rested on her warm flesh.  Sarah groaned silently and whispered to him. “Your hand feels wonderful on my skin.”
“MmmHmm.  Did I mention I love this dress?”
“Me too.” Sarah laughed softly “I had this in mind when I purchased it.”
“You are wicked.”
The dance continued for a few more minutes.  Dalton couldn’t take the wait any longer.  He was almost trembling with excitement to propose.
“Sarah, this has been the best day of my life so far.  This morning when you told me that you love me and agreed to marry me, made me so extremely happy.  I want us to build our life together starting right now.”  He stopped dancing and knelt on one knee.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out the jewelry case.  He opened it and presented it to her.  “ I love you so much. Will you marry me Sarah Dawson?”
Sarah had started crying the instant he knelt down so her response was a little watery and weepy.  “I love you so much and Yes, Dalton Matthews I will marry you.”
He rapidly rose from the floor to pull her into a gentle but strong hug and kissed her.  A few minutes later they stepped apart and he placed the ring on her finger.  “It’s beautiful, Dalton.”
CeCe rushed to hug her friend.  “Congratulations again.  You are going to be so happy together, good times and bad times.”
Greg gathered Sarah in a hug after congratulating Dalton.  
“Now, show me that ring.” CeCe exclaimed after hugging Dalton and warning him to treat her friend extra special.  The ring was perfect for Sarah.  It was simple elegance which was exactly was she wanted and it matched her personality.  She told CeCe that she had picked several choices then left the store so Dalton could make the final decision.
“How did you get this so fast?” Sarah inquired to Dalton
“I own the hotel, remember.” Dalton stated smugly
“Yes, but still..”
“The ring was already the correct size so there were no adjustments needed.  Our wedding bands will take a bit longer and will be shipped to me.”
Sarah’s brain finally engaged again and turned to her friends “You knew about this didn’t you?  That’s why you weren’t dancing.”
CeCe laughed and agreed “Yes, he called us after you left the store and told us his plan.  We couldn’t be happier for you both.”
“When are you going to tell your family?” inquired Greg as they all moved back to the sitting area.  Dalton fielded that question. “Well, we have a plan but you two are sort of involved if you agree.  If you allow, I would like to take Sarah home with me on Saturday and surprise my family.  They knew I was supposed to be home on Sunday so it may throw them off if I come home a day earlier.  Then we have a plan to announce it too them.  My pilot and plane will be here Friday and then we will return to Arizona on Saturday with your permission.”
“Of course you have our permission.  Sarah is on vacation.” Greg stated “It sounds like you have a great plan, good luck with the surprise.”
“I’ll be back to work on Monday as planned.” Sarah rushed to assure her boss.  
“You better be, because I want details of the family’s reaction.” CeCe grumbled
Everyone laughed and got up to enjoy the dancing.  The fun and laughter continued for a while. The four really enjoyed each other and had much to celebrate.  As they parted for the night, CeCe hugged her friend again and told her happy they were for her.  “We love you Sarah and want the best for you.”  Dalton led a watery Sarah back to their suite; while Greg led his watery bride back to theirs.
Inside their suite, Dalton swept Sarah up in his arms and went to the sofa in the living room.  He sat down and she wrapped her arms around his neck, “That was so wonderful Dalton.  I am so happy.  I love you very much.” She stated between kisses. Dalton shifted Sarah until she was lying comfortably in his arms and lowered his head to hers and kissed her hungrily.  
Dalton caressed her body as he continued to kiss her.  She made wonderful little noises that fueled his hunger for her.  He finally lifted his head before his passion became too much to handle.  “Are you too tired to join me in the hot tub?” Dalton asked
“No, I’m not too tired.  That nap this afternoon helped.” Sarah replied “And I am too excited to sleep.  I don’t get engaged every day, ya know.”
Dalton laughed and told her to go change.  “Come to my room when you are ready.”


Dalton gathered some drinks and headed to his room to prepare the hot tub.  He had asked for candles to be placed in there and the staff had found tons of them.  He had changed and was busy lighting them when Sarah came in.  
She was wrapped in the hotel’s guest robe and looked so adorable.  “Dalton, I left my suit on for now.  I am a little nervous but in a while I may feel more comfortable and ready to take it off.  Okay?”
“Perfectly okay my Sarah.”
Sarah relaxed and looked around the room. “My word Dalton, this is decadent.  That size hot tub in a hotel suite is amazing.”
“I spoiled myself a little at this hotel.  I love to come here and totally relax.”
“I can see that.  I’m glad you brought me here.”
“We can come here whenever we want to get away.  Or to the other dozens of hotels we own.” Dalton said as he directed her to the tub.  He climbed in and helped her to settle next to him.  The water was perfect and so was the company.
“Do you have one of these in your room at home?”
“It isn’t quite this big but it will work for a start.”
“What does that mean?”
“Well, we have to decide if we are going to live at the main ranch house or build our own house on the ranch.  If we decide to stay at the main house, then we will remodel my wing and put in a bigger hot tub.  If we build our own house, we can put in the largest hot tub we can find if that is what you want.”
“Where do you want to live?”
“I think I would prefer to re-model and enlarge my wing at the main house.  The plans have been drawn up for a remodel of all of our wings whenever we wanted to implement them.  But if you want to live in a separate house, that can be designed also.”
“I wouldn’t mind living in the main house except that your room is upstairs.  Sometime stairs are too hard for me and eventually they could become extremely dangerous for me.”
“We can plan around those things, love.  Never worry about that.  You know what you need and we can work with the plans to make them perfect.  And we don’t have to decide right now.  And even eventually we can change plans and build a separate house.  I want to you always feel safe in your home and have lots of help nearby when it’s needed.”
“Thank you.”
“You are most welcome.  Now relax against me.  Do you like my touch?”
 “I have liked it since the first day you touched me.”
“Tell me more sweetheart.”
“That first night we went out, I really did kiss your cheek without thinking about it.  I had temporarily forgotten we were at odds and just leaned over and kissed you.  It was a shock; my lips tingled when I drew back.  I was taken aback about what I had done so I apologized.  Then you knocked me for a complete loop.  Telling me I could do that whenever.  We weren’t supposed to be more than two people who got along for Lindsay’s sake.”
“At the restaurant when you would touch my hand, I would feel a jolt clear to my heart.  What you were saying to me would not register.  I had to be dreaming.  You and I would not be sitting together having dinner ever.  You wouldn’t be telling me that we would get married someday.  I could not wrap my mind around it.”
“The next night when we were at my house and you asked me if you could kiss me on Friday.  I suddenly couldn’t wait that long to feel you that close to me.  So, I practically told you to kiss me that night.  And that kiss was indescribable.  There is a blank spot in my journal where I was trying to find good words but couldn’t.  I can’t believe that was just two weeks ago and now we are engaged.  You captured my heart so fast.”
“I know that feeling.  That first day I met with Greg and you walked in, I didn’t recognize you at first.  It dawned on me who you were about the time Greg said your name.  After all that time, you had been found.  You were so professional and cool towards me that I was a bit dumbfounded.  We had gotten along before, or so I thought, I didn’t understand your behavior.  And every time we talked on the phone, you said Mr. Matthews and I wanted to reach through the phone and strangle you.”
Sarah giggled at him but he just squeezed her tighter and continued his story.  “At the gala, we looked for you mainly for Lindsay’s sake.  We didn’t know you were avoiding us.  But when you walked across that stage to do your speech; my heart skipped a beat and I was stunned.  I really wanted to dance with you and when I caught your arm and swung you around I was hoping you would agree.  That was about the worst thing I could have done to you physically, wasn’t it?”
“Yes, I did have a momentary vertigo spell.  Thankfully it passed quickly.  Sometimes they do that.”
“Thankfully my behavior did not ruin your night physically anyway.  Knowing what I know now, I probably didn’t do much to help you enjoy that night as you should have been able to.  I’m sorry.”
“No apologies tonight.  Go on with your story.”
“Yes, ma’am.  Anyway, I was sure now that we had found you again that you would become a regular visitor at the ranch and I could see if the attraction I was feeling towards you was real or not.  But you refused to go to the ranch.  After our first outing to the park, I didn’t think you would ever speak to me again.  Then after your surgery you wouldn’t contact anyone, I was miserable.
“And then David and Lindsay started the ball rolling by contacting you again and now here we are.  When I called you after David’s phone call to you and you laid into me like it was my fault, you sounded so fierce on the phone and I remembered how beautiful you were and I again wanted to reach through the phone, but to kiss you senseless this time.  Then that night when you called me to tell us to ease off, my heart took a tumble and I never looked back.  I loved you from that moment and wanted to protect you forever, even from my big brother if necessary.”
Sarah turned a little to face him and he saw the tears on her cheeks.  He had touched her heart again.
“At the park, when you told me about your disease you mentioned that there were two reasons you never came back to the ranch, one is you can’t drive to it, what is the other reason?”
Sarah stiffened as he began to ask the question, he was probably not going to be thrilled with this reason at all.  She cleared her throat and began “Well, I am almost 100% sure this reason doesn’t matter anymore.”
“Uh huh and what is that reason?”
“You didn’t ask me to come.”
“What? Yes we did.”
“No, they did.  David did, Nick did, Lindsay did, Gabby and Nathan did, but you did not.  And since you were the reason for leaving all those years ago, I wasn’t going back unless you said it was okay.”
“Are you serious?”
“Absolutely, I wasn’t setting one toe on Stage West unless I knew you were okay with it.”
“Sarah, will you come to live with me forever at Stage West?” Dalton asked reverently
“Yes, I would love to.” She said through her tears.  Dalton squeezed her tight and kissed the top of her head again.  His emotions were pretty ragged right now too and he needed a moment to relax.  
“As much as I am enjoying this, we have been in here too long.  We have to get out.” Dalton stated regrettably.  Sarah groaned and moved to stand up.  Unfortunately she was momentarily disorientated and had to grab him to steady herself.  He panicked and almost upended them both in the water.  “I’m sorry” he said frantically.  But she was laughing so hard she didn’t hear him.  “Relax. It was a momentary thing.  I’m okay; I just needed to balance on you.”
He grabbed her close. “Oh, Lord.  You scared me to death.  I thought you were falling and reached to grab you and almost took us both out.”
“Dalton, look at me.” She cupped his face in her hands “The movement from laying down to sitting or standing is very disorienting.  This will not be the only time in our life I have to grab you for balance.  Get used to it and don’t panic.  Just hold on to me but don’t do sudden movements.”
“I’ll get it right eventually.” He said “I have lots to learn.”
“Remember this, my love.  I will teach you and we will learn more together.  Each day will be special if we are in this together.”
“Always.”
“I may need you to remind me of that sometimes too.”
“Deal.”
He helped her out of the hot tub, safely this time.  He wrapped her in a luxurious towel so he would not be tempted by her again; swept her up in his arms and carried her to her room.  He told her to go get dressed for bed and bring her brush and he would brush her hair.  He left the room saying he would be right back.
Dalton rushed to his room to put on his pajama pants and hurried back to Sarah.  He was lounging on the bed when she emerged from the dressing room.  His hand flew to his heart again because she was wearing another spectacular nightgown.  
“I can’t wait to see what you wear on our wedding night.  Of course, don’t plan to have it on all that long.”
“Well, actually, I have always had kind of a fantasy about that.” She said as she sat in front of him on the bed.
“And what is that?”
“Well, I always wanted to wear lingerie that my husband had chosen for me to wear on our wedding night.”
“You want me to choose the nightgown you will wear on our wedding night?”
“Yes, will you do it?”
“With the utmost pleasure.  Any preferences?”
“No, whatever pleases you.”
“You please me!”  He said as he began to brush her hair.  His mind was flooding with possibilities on how he wanted to her to look for him.  But as he said, it wouldn’t stay on very long.  
Sarah began to fade a few minutes later so he gently laid her down.  “We can either go back to the cottage tomorrow or stay here a few more days, your choice.”
“I’ll ask Greg and CeCe tomorrow.  I have my support group meeting tomorrow night, so I need computer connections so we might have to be at the cottage.”
“This suite is wired and you should be just fine to get online here.”
“I’ll ask tomorrow.” She was fading fast.
“I love you Sarah.” He said as he kissed her good night.
“I love you Dalton.”

Chapter 17

The next morning, the limousine drove all four back to the Davis’ house.  Dalton and Sarah had received their blessing to stay the rest of the week at the hotel.  They would return on Friday night for dinner though.
“But call me if you need me, I can be here in a moment if necessary.” Sarah insisted and went to pack her belongings.
Upon their return to the hotel, they unpacked and freshened up and met up again in the kitchen.  “What do you want to do today?” Dalton asked
“Do you mind if we just hang around here today?  I am a little tired.”
“I don’t mind that at all.  I have a good book to read and we can relax and talk.”
“Sounds heavenly.  I am going to go get comfortable.”
Sarah went and changed into her big t-shirt and bike shorts.  They were her comfort clothes.  She grabbed her book and headed for Dalton’s room. Sarah snuggled in and rested for a while.  He soothed the muscles in her back and helped her to relax.  “Do you want to cuddle and watch a movie or read?”
“Movie.  If we can find a good one” she said  
“Settle in and I’ll be right back.”  He went to freshen up and get them something to snack on and something to drink.
They got comfortable on the bed and he was her pillow again.  A good drama was on television and Sarah watched about half of it until she fell asleep.  Dalton stroked her hair because he just couldn’t stop touching her.  His dreams had come true and she was lying in his arms.
He didn’t let her sleep too long because her online support group would start soon.  Dalton gently touched her arm to wake her up. “Sweetheart, you need to get your computer ready for the support group meeting.”
“Do you mind if I check my emails and stuff too?”
“No, I don’t mind.  While you splash some water on your face to wake up, I’ll set up your computer.  The kitchen table would probably work the best.”
“Ah, Dalton? Do you want to sit with me and read while I do the emails and the support group?”
“Yes, I would.  I can use the time to learn more about you.”
“You are the best” she said as she ran to kiss him.
Sarah signed on to read her emails.  Some were just saying “Hi and checking in” and some Tyler or one of the counselors had already answered and there were a couple that she needed to handle.  The clients need some encouragement and Sarah did an excellent job at that.
She logged out of email and changed to the foundation’s site.  She was opening the meeting and started to explain to Dalton what would happen.  “The clients on the meeting do not know I am the foundation’s president.  Some of them are not clients even, they just found our group and joined in.  I sign on with a code name that only the two doctors and I know.  The doctors are the same way.”
“When the people contact us to join, we ask them to provide a name other than their own that displays on the screen.  I, however, know their real names and code names so I can watch for any troubles.  After the meeting, the doctors and I switch to another meeting and discuss any troubles that may have noticed.  If necessary, the clients are contacted by the appropriate individuals to provide assistance.”
“Like what?”
“Well, if one of the group mentions a new symptom or problem and the doctor thinks that it needs to be checked out.  The doctor or I will email the individual and suggest it.”
The people started signing into the meeting.  Sarah saw that most everyone was able to make it tonight.  That usually meant everyone felt well right then.  “Good evening everyone.  How is everyone feeling?  Anything we need to talk about?”
Dalton watched her and read her meeting for the next two hours.  Sarah would point out to him the clients that had the same illness that she did so he could learn some of the symptoms she would get.  
Tonight’s group was lively and everyone’s spirits were lifted.  Sometimes laughter was the treatment for the day and sometimes they needed someone to lean on.
After the support group meeting, Sarah signed on with the doctors.  “How do you think it went?  Did you notice anything we need to check on?”  Their replies indicated that they thought a couple of them should be contacted about individual counseling and one of the clients should probably follow up on a new symptom.  “I’ll have the counselors at the foundation call those two.  And can you email the correct specialist and talk to him about what you noticed?” 
Sarah followed up with an email to the foundation’s counselors and signed off the computer.  She turned to ask Dalton what he thought and he swept her up in a huge hug.
“What is this for?” she inquired.
“You are amazing.  You are so wonderful at this.  I could not be more proud of you.” There was such emotion behind those words that she knew he truly meant them.
“Thank you my love. But I do it to help myself too.  Sometimes they pick me up when I am down.”
“I’m glad.  I know I won’t always be able to do that.  Greg told me sometimes CeCe doesn’t want to be near him because he is the bad guy.”
“Yes, unfortunately it is true.  I will probably be the same way.  Since I was single, if I got like that I just went home and took it out on the pillow.  After we are married, I might do it to you or one of the family.”
“We all will learn what we need too to help you.  And when you need space, we will give you space.”
“It isn’t going to be easy.”
“I know.  The Matthews family will handle it together, just like we have always done.”
“I envy you your family.”
“You are my family now and they are your family now too.”
“So what did you think of the meeting?” Sarah inquired
“I think it is a very good format.  Not too many on the meeting at one time.  You manage to involve everyone and not leave anyone out.  The two hours went by very fast.  I was enthralled and I learned some things too.”
“Like what?”
“Things I take for granted like sleeping on whichever side of my body that I want or tipping my head back to look up and going to a movie without it being a possible torture chamber.”
“Yes, those are some of things I have trouble with too.  I used to love to go to the movies, now it is seldom that I go.  Well, that is partly because I have a busy life too.”
Dalton led her to the sofa and drew her into his arms.  “Let’s talk about that for a while.”
“Okay?”
“I am assuming you want to continue to be the foundation’s president but how long are you going to work for Greg and CeCe?
“The three of us will have to sit down and talk next week.  If they want to hire Tyler or Amy to take my place as their assistant, the training time will not be too long.  If they advertise for another assistant; then the training time will be longer.”
“I will probably have to move fairly soon though if someone wants to move into the residence I am in.”
“There is plenty of room at Stage West for you to live.”
“That would be okay except for those days I have to go to the foundation’s office.  Then I would have to be driven there and back.”
“Not a problem.  Either I will take you or we will hire you a car and driver.”
“That would work.  I really probably don’t need to be there much.  I can do most everything over the computer.  I went there now because it was within walking distance.  I would just have to go for board meetings and such.  I am not real worried about the foundation work, when it was set up, we all planned for the possibility that I would become homebound eventually.  We set it up with the latest technologies and we all keep in touch through email, net meetings and video conferencing.”
“We will get Travis to installing all that at Stage West when we determine where we are going to live.”
“I have thought about that and I think I want the separate house setup.  The stairs really concern me and I also will like the privacy when I am at my worst.”
“That is fine with me.  On Sunday, we will go to the site of where the second house is planned for and see if that will work for you.  There are some plans already drawn up but they will need to be modified.”
“I will really miss CeCe and Greg though.”
“We will not lose touch with them; when they are in town we will get together with them.  They have email and phones too.”
“I know, I have just spent a lot of time with them and they are so good to me.  CeCe and I talk out the tough times together.”
“Greg told me that.  Maybe he and I will do the same thing.”
“Dalton, that is a marvelous idea!  Along with the family counseling, we can setup an online support group for the spouses and families.  We will have to send out some information to see if anyone is interested.  I know the perfect counselor to run it if he has time. You are brilliant.”
Dalton laughed and they continued to talk about the support group meeting.  They didn’t want to dress for dinner so they called for room service.  After dinner, Dalton turned on some music and asked Sarah to dance with him.


The rest of the week passed too quickly.  Dalton’s pilots called when they arrived at the hotel.  They would leave Hawaii early on Saturday morning so that their arrival at the ranch would be timed perfectly for their plan.
Dalton and Sarah dressed casually for their dinner with Greg and CeCe.  They had more fun and good conversation and said their goodbyes until Monday.  “Have fun with your surprise to your family.” CeCe stated as she and Greg waved them off.

Chapter 18 

Dalton’s plane was luxurious.  There was a seating area, a kitchen with an attendant, and a full bedroom in the back.  They arrived back over Arizona about dinner time on Saturday night.  Dalton radioed the house when they were about thirty minutes from home; it was time to set the plan in motion.  “Stage West come in”
“Stage West here.” David replied 
“MatthewsOne here. We will arrive in about in about thirty minutes.”  Dalton stated
“How did it go, Dalton?”
“I’ll tell you when I land.  The pilot will drop me off at the house on his way home.  MatthewsOne out”
“Stage West out.”
Dalton had managed to keep the laughter from his voice as he talked to his brother.  In a few minutes it was going to be Sarah’s turn.  The pilots had agreed to play their part in the plan.  They were going to were going to take Dalton to the house first and then wait a few minutes and drop Sarah off as she was calling Nathan on the phone.
After Dalton’s radio call, David had called everyone to let them know Dalton was almost home.  Most everyone’s response was Oh no, he is home early I hope that isn’t a bad sign.  They had all agreed to meet Dalton at the house and help him with whatever they needed to do.  They were family and they would get him through this.  He had been pretty down when he left and if things had not turned around, it was going to be hard on him.
The plane landed and the luggage and passengers were loaded into the pilot’s cars.  “Is everyone ready?” Dalton asked everyone.  They all nodded and set the remainder of the plan in motion.  
Dalton walked into the house and set his bags on the floor by the door.  He could tell his entire family was in the living room and that they had not heard him come in.  He left the front door partially opened so that Sarah could sneak in.  He signaled Sarah that he was inside and ready for her to do her part; then he took a deep breath to calm himself down.
He walked dejectedly into the living room. “Hey”
Everyone shouted different greetings at once which covered up the noise of the other car arriving with Sarah.  They continued to greet and hug him looking at him with sympathy in their eyes.  
Nathan’s phone rang a second later.  “Hi Sarah.  Where are you?”
“I’m still on my trip.  Did Dalton get home?”
“Yes, he just walked in.”
“How does he seem?  He is going to really need his family now.”
“Oh Sarah, what happened?”
There was a pause as Sarah walked into the living room and said “He got engaged while he was gone and now he needs to plan a wedding.” 
The stunned looks were priceless as she made her appearance and announcement then the room erupted with noise.  Dalton reached for Sarah and dragged her into the fray.  She was swamped with hugs, kisses and love.  She was passed from one set of arms to the next.  Finally they all sat down to hear the story.
Sarah had wanted to say something first.  She and Dalton had talked about it and he would support her.  “I am so happy to be here with you.  The last few weeks have been tough on all of us, especially Dalton.  I thought I was doing what was best for him.  He really will need his family now and so will I.”
Gabby started crying the moment she started talking and didn’t stop.  Dalton told the story of his arrival in Hawaii and how Sarah had tried to send him home.  They explained the discussions they had had to work through her resistance and then to the proposal earlier in the week.
David’s comment was “It is about time you came home.  When’s the wedding?”
Sarah had an answer for David. “You and I will talk later about threatening me.  You owe me big”
David had a comeback for her “Yeah yeah, big talk for a little girl.”
Dalton protected her “Watch it David, she may have help.  You did threaten and upset my girl.”
David just laughed more. “The wedding?”
“We haven’t decided when yet.  We will know more this next week or so.” Sarah said as she looked to Dalton for his opinion.  He just nodded in agreement.
Everyone continued to talk for a while.  Dalton took his and Sarah’s suitcases to rooms in his side of the house.  Sarah and Lindsay were talking and admiring Sarah’s ring when Sarah saw a necklace appear over her head and a voice whisper. “Lift your hair for me.” She was too stunned to question and she lifted her hair while Dalton fastened a beautiful heart necklace on her.  He then moved to kneel in front of her.  “I gave you the ring when I proposed to you but this is my proposal with our family.  This necklace is to symbolize that all our hearts are joined together.  There is more than two hearts because there are more than two of us in this family.  So, Sarah Dawson, will you join your heart to mine and be part of our family?”
Sarah had tears in her eyes and a lump in her throat as she answered the Matthews’ family. “It would be my greatest honor to join your family.  I love you, Dalton.” Sarah leaned to him for a kiss.  He gently lifted her from her seat and hugged her close.  “I love you Sarah.” She was wiping the tears from her face when he set her back down.  
Dalton and Sarah had already discussed some things about their wedding, mostly who would be their attendants.  Sarah moved to sit on the stool in front of Nathan and Gabby.  “Nathan, will you dress up in a tux for me one more time and walk me down the aisle at the wedding?”
“Yes, for you I will wear a tux again.  I would be thrilled to walk you down the aisle.”
“And Gabby, will you be the mother of the bride and lead what I know will be the crying section?” Sarah asked Gabby with a loving smile.
Gabby just cried and nodded her head.  Sarah moved to give her a big hug.  “Thank you mama for everything you did for me all these years.”  
Sarah returned to Lindsay “Will you be okay to walk down the aisle as the maid of honor if you brother David lives to be the best man?”
“You bet I am the best man.” David shouted  
Lindsay ignored him and answered her friend.  “I would love to.”
“And Nick, do you think you can go down the aisle with a famous movie star on your arm?”
Nick’s jaw dropped in amazement “CeCe Davis?”
Sarah nodded.  
“To keep Dalton out of trouble, I’d think I can manage.” Nick replied with a wink to Sarah.
“Have you thought about a location for the wedding?” Gabby asked
“Well, I really would like the Chambers Hotel where the gala was.  If we can get it at a good price.”  Sarah stated
“I’m sure Dustin will give you a good price.” Dalton stated without thinking
“I’m sure he will …. Wait a minute, how did you know his name was Dustin?”
Dalton looked guilty but didn’t answer.
“Dalton?” Sarah asked sweetly as she advanced on him
“Yes, my darling Sarah” Dalton answered just as sweetly pulling her into his lap.
 “Does the Chambers Hotel happen to be one of your hotels by any chance?”
“Yes” Dalton replied against her lips blocking her from blasting him with her fierce temper.  It didn’t work.
“Dalton Matthews, kissing me to shut me up is…” he kissed her again
“We will discuss this later, my dear.” He said loud enough for everyone to hear and then whispered in her ear “And make up too.”
Gabby left the room to go get them something to eat and drink.  The talk in the living room revolved around various topics; wedding, guest lists, living arrangements, jobs.  
Sarah was still sitting on Dalton’s lap when the first attack hit her.  She jerked in his arms because she felt like she was falling.  This time he didn’t panic but held her firmly.  “Are you okay?” he asked quietly in her ear.  She nodded and went back to listening to David.  No one else seemed to see what had happened.  A few minutes later she was hit by it again, only this time it was worse and everyone noticed it.  Dalton steadied her and then slowly picked her up and carried her upstairs.  
“I’m sorry Dalton.”
“No apologies.  Lie here for one minute while I go explain to the family and I will be right back.” 
Dalton went back to his family and tried to explain.  “This is just the way it happens sometimes.  If she is with you and she grabs you to steady herself; don’t panic and don’t make any sudden moves.  She will tell you what she needs.  She is probably just completely worn out.  We will see you in the morning sometime.” Dalton left to see to Sarah.
David broke the silence.  “How does she take that?  One minute she was laughing and having fun and the next minute she isn’t.  Did you see her face, it just wilted?” David was usually not so emotional but he had to clear his throat as he marched to the window to pace.
Dalton found Sarah still lying down.  She was ready to try sitting up again when he returned.  “What did you tell them?” Sarah asked
“I told them what you told me.  If you grab onto them to steady yourself, don’t panic or make any sudden moves.”
“I’m sorry to spoil the homecoming.  But I think I better go to bed.”
“No apologies and I know you need to go to bed.  How do you want me to help you?”
A few minutes later Dalton tucked Sarah into bed and cradled her until she fell asleep.  She had told him that the attacks made her really tired and that she usually fell asleep fast after she had had one.


Dalton went back downstairs and found his brother David waiting for him.  
“Hey David. What’s wrong?”
“I’m sorry Dalton.”
“For?”
“For those times I upset you and Sarah.”
“It is okay David.  She was just joking with you.”
David ignored his comment and surged to his feet to pace again.  
“David, what is wrong with you?”
“How does she take this?  How do you handle it?”
“She handles better than we ever will on most days. We will worry and watch over her and try to protect her and she won’t need it.  But from what I understand, there are days she won’t be able to deal with it at all and I’ll bear the brunt of her frustration.  That is the main reason I think she wants to live in a separate house so that when she can’t take it, you all can’t see her lose it.”
“But we are her family; we can help her through it.” David replied not understanding
Dalton shook his head at David.  “No, we can’t always do that.  Even I won’t be able to do that.  To hopefully be around when she falls or needs us to pick something up off the floor, yes we can help her then.  But some of the emotions and stuff, we will have to be understanding and remember that it isn’t the real her we know and love.”
“And you are ready for that responsibility, little brother?” David asked 
“Yes, with all my heart I love that woman.”
“I’m proud of you and congratulations.” David said finally smiling for the first time since Sarah left the room.  
“Thank you.  And David, Sarah asked in a round-about-way but would you stand up with me and be my best man?”
“Yes, I would be honored to do that.  Mom and Dad would be so proud of you if they were here.  They would love Sarah as much as we do.  Now go see to your girl.”  
Dalton nodded and went to check on Sarah.  She was still sleeping so Dalton left and went to his own room.  His family was going to be the best family around to help his Sarah deal with everyday troubles; there was no stronger, more loving group of people.


Dalton crept into see Sarah early the next morning.  She was still sleeping so he left her and went down to breakfast.  Gabby was busy in the kitchen so he went into talk to her.  “Good morning Gabby”
“Hello Dalton.  How are you?  Have you checked on Sarah?”
“Yes, she is still asleep.  That is probably best; she will feel better later then.”
“How often does this happen?”
“She has had a few spells this last week.  But she told me that it is always worse when she is tired or stressed.  Yesterday was a long day for us, so that is probably what brought it on.”
“Can I do anything for her?”
“I’ll ask when she wakes up.  She is so independent that I wouldn’t count on her asking for anything.”
Gabby nodded in agreement.  “How did she keep this from me all these years?”
“I was sort of wondering that myself.  I have only been involved with her for a short time but I have seen a couple of attacks.  Maybe she felt bad when you were with her and it didn’t show.”
“It certainly showed last night.  David was interesting to watch after you came down and told us how to help her.  He exploded off the chair and paced by the window.”
“Yeah, he and I talked for a while.  He isn’t all that happy that we want a separate house.”
“Yes, I am not all that happy about that either.  How can I take care of her?”
“I’ll tell you what I told him, she wants to live separately just in case on the really bad days she just can’t take it.  Apparently she really isn’t herself on those days.”
“But we love her, we would understand.”
“She has told me some of the bad days and I don’t blame her for not being able to handle it.  She said when she was single that she would be able to hide at home without “inflicting” herself on anyone else.  Now she said I would probably be a target for the emotions that she will have.”
“Dalton, you will need our help and support?”
“Yes, and I can still have that from a separate house.  We are moving a few feet away not a few states away.”
“I know.  I feel like for so long it has been my responsibility to watch over her.”
Dalton got up from the table and kissed Gabby on the cheek “And now it is mine.  I’m going to go check on her.”


Sarah was still asleep, so Dalton crawled in bed with her.  He was just getting comfortable when her eyes opened and for a minute she seemed disoriented.  “Dalton?”
“Yeah, are you okay?”
“Just lost for a minute.”
“You are at Stage West.”
“I know.  I just guess I wasn’t expecting to wake up and find you crawling into the bed.”
“I’m sorry I woke you up.”
“I’m not.  I want to spend as much time with you as possible before I have to go home today.” She stretched up to kiss him.
Dalton gathered her into her arms and kissed her very thoroughly.  He rolled her over underneath him and kissed her until they were both breathing hard.  “Now, that is a good morning kiss.” He commented with a smile.  Sarah grinned, nodded and pulled him back down to her.  
A few minutes later he raised his head and said “I love you my Sarah.”
“I’m so glad.  I love you, Dalton.”
“Are you feeling okay today?  Do you want some breakfast?”
“I feel fine.  I’ll eat after I shower, okay?”
“Sure, I’ll just lay here and wait for you, if you don’t mind.  I think I’ll just enjoy the view.”
“What view, the drapes are closed?”
Dalton was shaking his head “Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, I think I better show you the view I was talking about.”  He reached for the bottom of her nightgown and slowly drew up and over her head and tossed it to the floor.  Then he sat back on his heels and admired her body.  “That’s the view I was talking about.”
“I like the way you admire that view, sweetheart. But I think you might be too far away to admire it fully.  You had better come closer” she motioned with her hand.
Dalton slowly stretched out on top of her and he ran his hands up her legs and captured her hands to stretch them above her head.  He body was in full contact with hers.  “Is this close enough for you?” he asked with a smile.
She shook her head no.  “A little closer.”
“Sweetheart, I can’t get much closer than this.”
She shifted her legs, opened and wrapped them around his waist, now he was settled against her.  “That’s better.”
“Oh yes, that is better.  But you know, with me lying on top of you, I can’t really enjoy the scenery… but” and he gathered her very gently and rolled over until he was on the bottom.  Dalton urged her to sit up and lean back on his knees…”this way I and enjoy the scenery and experience it first-hand.”
Dalton could reach and touch a good portion of her in this position.  He wrapped his hands around her thighs and started the slow process of working his way up to her body.  He massaged the outside of her breasts until her nipples got hard.  His fingers slowly and gently tugged on her nipples until he couldn’t wait to taste them.  Dalton urged Sarah to lean forward over him so he could suck on her breasts.  Sarah could not help but move on Dalton.  “Easy babe, we are on dangerous ground here.” Dalton cautioned, but went back to suckling her.  When he had satisfied his taste for her, he brought her mouth to his.  “We had better stop before it is too late or we are interrupted.  Now, go shower.”
Sarah left the bed.  He enjoyed the backside view as well as the front.  He waited a few minutes while he got himself under control then joined her when he heard the shower running.  “My scenery moved so I decided to follow it” he said as he slid the shower door up an inch.  “I can’t wait until we can shower together.” Dalton commented
“You could join me, I wouldn’t mind” she said with a wink
“Not a good idea babe.  We are already on dangerous ground.  You are mighty tempting.”
“I’m glad you like what you see.”
“Definitely!”
Sarah finished her shower and he wrapped a towel around her and drew her close.  “Would you like to go on a picnic as we are checking out the site for the house?”
“I can’t ride.”
“Do you trust me?”
“Yes, but I still can’t ride.”
“Do you trust me?” Dalton asked again with emphasis
“Yes.”
“Good, I have it all taken care of.  Now, finish getting dressed while I go ask Gabby to pack us a picnic.”
Sarah finished getting dressed and headed downstairs.  She ran into Lindsay and the two went to the kitchen together.  
“Dalton got a call from David in the barn.  He will be back shortly.” Gabby stated serving them breakfast and then left to do other chores.  
Lindsay asked Sarah how she was feeling.
“I’m fine today.  It wasn’t as bad as it can get.”
“That wasn’t bad?  It certainly looked bad.”
“No, that was mild.  It can get really bad.”
“Dalton says that is why you want to live in a separate house.” Lindsay commented
“Yes, I might not treat you all very well so times if I am here.  Dalton is going to bear the brunt of my emotions sometimes.  I hate it, and I hope he can handle it.”
“He can.”
“I hope so.”
Lindsay placed her hand on Sarah’s to get her attention.  “He helped when both of our parents got sick.  He didn’t run from that. He will be able to handle this too.”
“It will crush me so bad if I do something to hurt him or one of you.  He means everything to me.”
“Have you told him how scared you are about that?”
“Probably not in those words.”
“Do it.  He will help you through it.  My brother has a heart that can take anything.  I have seen it, I know.”
“Thanks Lindsay.  I am so glad to be able to talk to you again.”
“Me too.”
“I am going to walk to the barn.  Do you want to go with me?”
“No, I have to run into town.  I’ll see you later.”


Sarah was walking towards the barn when David appeared in the doorway.  “Hi David, is Dalton down here?”
“No, he went to Nick’s for a minute, he’ll be right back.  Can I talk to you?”
“Everything okay?” she asked very puzzled that he would want to talk to her.
David led her to his office and shut the door so they wouldn’t be disturbed.  He paced behind his desk for a few minutes and then went around the front to lean on it.  
“I owe you a very big apology.” David stated “I upset you those times I called you and I hope I didn’t make you have an attack.”
“David, did I look upset last night?”
“No, you looked radiant.”
“And I had two attacks didn’t I?  I can get these spells just because.  Yes, it can be worse when I am tired or stressed.  I think I understand your motives for those calls.  You wanted me to come here.  But I couldn’t, not physically because I can’t drive this far.  But the other reason was because of Dalton.”
“What?  He wanted you to come here.”
“Maybe, but he never asked me to come.  You all did but he didn’t and as I told him; I was not setting any part of me on this ranch until I knew I wouldn’t be bothering him to be here.”
“Okay now that that is settled, here’s the next issue; why do you want to live in a separate house?”
“Dalton told you why.  There are days I won’t be a nice person and when I lose it, I would rather not do it in front of my family.  It is going to be hard enough when Dalton is around.”
“He can handle you.”
“He has almost convinced me of that.  I just need a little time; this whole courtship went pretty fast.”
“Not fast enough for Dalton.”
“He did sort of propose on our first date, which I didn’t even know was a date at first.”
David burst out laughing “See what I mean.”  David came to Sarah and helped her to stand.  “I am glad you are marrying my brother, he is a good man and he will take care of you.  We all will if you want us too, but you might be too independent for that.”
“I have been dealing with this illness for a long time by myself.  It is going to quite a change to depend on someone else.”
“Dalton may try too hard to take care of you, we all will probably.  But be patient with us.  We love you.”
Sarah gave David a hug and said thank you for everything.  
“Do you want to see your horse?” David asked as she released him
“I can’t ride, why do I need a horse?”
“Because it’s my ranch and I say you need a horse.” 
“So says the king” Sarah muttered “Sure, show me a horse I can’t use.”
David led her to Star Dancer’s stall.  The horse sensed their approach and stuck her head over the door.  “Oh, David, she is so beautiful.”
“Just like her owner” Dalton said as he approached from the other end of the hall.
“Both of you are crazy, I don’t need a horse.”
Dalton stopped in front of her “Do you trust me?”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Do you trust me?”
“Yes, with my whole heart.” Sarah replied with a sweet smile.
“Good answer” replied Dalton as he kissed her.  “Someday we will find a way for you to ride again.  But for now, come with me and close your eyes.”
“Ah, Dalton, I can’t walk with my eyes closed.  It is just like being in the dark and everything flips upside down.”
“Sorry, I forgot.  Then just come with me.” Dalton took her by the hand and led her just outside the barn.  He opened the back door and presented her with a four wheel all-terrain vehicle “This is our new way to get around the ranch.”  
Sarah started to laugh, cry and hug him all at the same time.  “I love you Dalton.  This is wonderful.”
“I love you Sarah.  Ready to go look at the spot for the house and then on to our picnic?”
Dalton helped her into the four wheeler and they headed for the house site.  It was very close to the house but would still allow them privacy.  Sarah thought the spot was perfect.  He said he would find the plans and show them to her later in the week.  Then he took off for their picnic site.
They arrived at the cabin and sat their picnic out by the creek.  It was a warm Arizona day with a light blue sky.  They talked about everyday stuff while they ate.  After they cleaned up their picnic, Dalton sat up beside a tree and motioned Sarah to sit between his legs.
He whispered in her ear. “This is my dream come true.”
“I’m so glad to be here with you.  I still feel like I am dreaming sometimes.  The last week has been heavenly and I loved getting to spend so much time with you.
“I have loved our time together too.  I want you to remember this week.”
“I will remember those things because it showed me again how amazing you are to me and how much I love you.”
Dalton was very moved by her words and kissed the top of her head and snuggled her closer to him.  She did not object.  
Eventually, they moved into the nearby cabin and spent some time loving each other.  He was still lying with her but their idyllic time needed to come to an end.
“Dalton, I don’t want this week to end, but I need to be getting home.” She commented with regret
“I know, I’m stalling as long as possible.”
“We can’t.  Otherwise when we get to my house you will have to rush back here and I will get a hurried goodbye.”
“And what kind of goodbye did you want?” he inquired around a laugh
“Long slow kisses that will tide me over until I see you again.” She replied seriously
“That will definitely be on the agenda, but no matter what, I won’t rush to get back here.  I want to be where you are just as much as you want to be with me.  I am better when I am with you.”
“That is a very nice thing to say.”
They returned to the ranch so that Sarah could say goodbye to the family. Dalton and Sarah left Stage West a short time later.  Sarah called the Davises as they approached the estate  CeCe answered “Hi Sarah”
“Hi CeCe.  I am almost home.  Are things okay with you and Greg, did you need anything?”
“No.  Is Dalton with you?”
“Of course”
“Good both of you stop in the house and tell us what happened.”
“OK, we will be there shortly.” Sarah said with a goodbye.  A few minutes later Sarah and Dalton arrived at the estate and parked by Sarah’s residence.  They put her bags in the house and then went up to see Greg and CeCe.
“Greg? CeCe?”
“We are in the den.” answered CeCe.  CeCe and Sarah exchanged hugs as they entered the den.  “So tell us what happened?” CeCe asked anxiously  “Was it a surprise?”
Dalton laughed and replied “Yes.  It worked perfectly.  I walked into the room like I was dejected and lost and then Sarah called.  Everyone was surprised and thrilled.”
“So did you set a date yet?” asked CeCe  “Or a place?”
“No, the date kind of depends on my job here and your schedules.  I want you to be a bridesmaid, Ce.  And the place is probably going to be the Chambers Hotel again.  You’ll never guess who the owner happens to be.”
CeCe laughed. “Dalton owns the hotel?”
“Guilty as charged.  I think we should be able to get it at a time of our choosing.”
“Well, I am free until the summer and so is Greg. And I would like to be a bridesmaid.  Who is my escort down the aisle?”
“How about a good-looking cowboy?”
“Nick?”
Sarah nodded.  “We can talk about this more tomorrow but have you thought about a replacement for me?”
Greg growled and glared at Dalton.  “I knew when I called you to invite you to Hawaii that I was going to lose the best assistant ever.”
Dalton just smiled.  “Well, I didn’t know it, but I sure hoped it.”
“Sarah, CeCe and I talked and we are going to offer it to both Tyler and Amy.  And they can keep helping you with the foundation also.  Will that work for you?”
“That would be wonderful.  Which one is going to live in the house?”
“We will work with them to determine that.” CeCe answered.  “I can’t wait until tomorrow when you tell them your news.  The last I talked to Amy she was wondering about the flowers Dalton sent.”
“That would be my fault.” Sarah comment with a shy glance at Dalton.  “I thought those flowers were a mistake and I said as much to Amy.”
“She called me up to tell me the florist made a mistake.  Instead I asked her to dinner and now look what happened.” Dalton leaned over and kissed her cheek.
Dalton and Sarah left the main house a few minutes later and walked to Sarah’s.  She invited Dalton in while she opened up some windows to freshen up the house.  Dalton sat on the sofa and waited for Sarah to join him.  He stretched out on the couch and urged her down onto his chest.  
“When are you going to have some free time this week?” Dalton questioned as she lay with him.
“I’m not sure.  I’ll know more tomorrow after we talk to Tyler and Amy.  Can I call you then?”
“Yes, the sooner the better.  I already miss you.”
“I know.  This time together has been what I needed to begin to get over my fears.”
“Begin to get over your fears?  That worries me.  Can you explain that please?”
She sat up and turned to face him.  “I still struggle with the question if I am doing the best thing for you.”
Dalton’s response was immediate and stern “We are not doing this again Sarah Dawson.  We are settled on that.”
“As I was saying, I am scared to do the wrong thing and destroy us.  I want you to be so happy with me because I am so happy being with you.  You have captured my heart in such a short time period.  My biggest fear is still though, is being with me the happiest Dalton can be?  Even if I wasn’t sick I would still ask that question, am I the best for you?”
Dalton moved forward and cupped her face in his hands.  “I am the happiest I have ever been in my life.  Yes, you are the best for me.  Why?  Because your heart speaks to mine.  Ever since I saw you again, my heart beats faster and more powerful whenever I see you.  Yes, your looks help with that but it is more than that.  It is an emotion I have never felt before.  I need to be with you, I am whole.”  He hugged her as the tears flowed down her face.
“You always say the right thing.  I wish I could, I am better at writing than with talking.”
“Then write me a love letter.”
“I will.  That is a great idea.”
“I need to get home but are we settled with this.  No more fears?”
“They are getting less and less, that is all I can promise for now.”
“Okay for now.” He stood up from the couch and assisted her to her feet.  He pulled her snuggly into his arms and lowered his head to hers.  He teased her lips open as she wrapped her arms around his neck to deepen the kiss.  
“I love you my Sarah.” He said as he opened the door to leave.  “I love you my Dalton.”  He walked to his car and turned back to look at her.  He placed his hand on his heart so she would know his heart was for her.  Then got in his car and drove home.


Chapter 19

Monday morning Greg, CeCe and Sarah had a breakfast meeting to discuss their schedules.  After the meeting, Sarah called Tyler and Amy to the main house.  They came into Greg’s office wished everyone a good morning and sat down.
“Amy and Tyler there is going to be the need to make some changes around here as soon as possible.  CeCe and I will need a new personal assistant and we have decided to have two this time, one for each of us.  Would you two like to be our new personal assistants and keep working for the foundation?”
Amy and Tyler were speechless as their surprised gaze flew to Sarah.  Tyler was the first to recover. “What about Sarah?”
Sarah responded with a completely straight face.  “I am going to be getting married and moving.”
“Married?” exclaimed Amy  “To who? When? How?”
“I am marrying Dalton Matthews.  He followed me to Hawaii and we got engaged. We don’t know much more than that yet.”
Greg brought them back to work.  “Sarah will remain with the foundation but Dalton would object to her being gone as long as we are gone sometimes.  So will you two think about it, talk to Sarah and then let us know.”
Sarah, Tyler and Amy walked to the foundation office.  Sarah was sure that the questions were just beginning so she asked them into her office and waited.  Tyler didn’t let her wait long. “Start talking.”
“Dalton and I have a history.  It was very unpleasant until a few weeks ago.  He sent me a bouquet of flowers, remember Amy.”
“Yes, you said they were a mistake.”
“Well, when I called to tell him that, he made me see the error in that and he asked me out.  We saw each other several times that week.  He was much further along in his feelings for me than I was.  I was still under the impression that he hated me, so his asking me out was a surprise.  Then the Saturday before we left for Hawaii, I told him about my illness and then walked away.  I mean walked away from him permanently or so I thought.  Greg called him and asked him to Hawaii, which Tyler helped with.  He showed up as a surprise to me and I tried very hard to send him away again.  But he convinced me to let him stay and after a few a days he proposed and I accepted.”
Amy was the first to comment. “That is the best love story I have ever heard.”
“Yes, it is a bit of a dream still.” Sarah replied.  “Now, about their offer to you guys to be their personal assistants, what do you think?”
“We can continue to do both jobs right?” asked Tyler
“Yes, I will work full-time with the foundation and you all can work when you are able.”
“What do you think about us being their assistant?” asked Amy uncertainly
“I think it will be fantastic.  I know I leave them in good hands this way.  And I get to keep you also.  But one you will need to live here on the premises, and be on-call 24/7 no matter what.”
“Well, we will probably both be on-call 24/7 and that is fine with me.” replied Tyler “But Amy if you want to live here it is fine with me.  I have a house I don’t want to sell.”
“That would work out great for me.” Amy said
“I guess you have some things to go talk about with Greg and CeCe.  Call them and see if they are available.  We will begin to train anything you don’t already know and then I will start preparations to move.”
Tyler and Amy hugged Sarah and left to see the Davises.
Sarah picked up the phone to call Dustin at the hotel.  
“This is Dustin.”
“Hi, it is Sarah Dawson.”
“Hi, How are you?”
“I’m good.  How would like to plan another party with me?”
“Sure, what kind of party?”
“A wedding.”
“Who is getting married?”
“Me”
“Seriously?”
“Yes.” She said with a laugh
“To whom?”
“Dalton Matthews”
“As in the owner of this hotel? That Dalton Matthews”
“Yes.  Can you meet me or us on Saturday to start planning?”
“Absolutely!  Congratulations.  You will have to fill me in on this story.  At the gala I didn’t see you all together as a couple.”
“Well, we weren’t.  At that time I was avoiding him from some unpleasant past history.  Now, well that is over and we got engaged last week.”
“Wonderful.  It will be fun to plan again with you.”
“See you Saturday.”


Sarah’s next call was to Dalton
“Hey babe” he said as he answered his phone.
“Hi. How are you?” Sarah questioned
“Better now that I have talked to you.  How did things go with Amy and Tyler?”
“Great.  They are with Greg and CeCe now making the final decisions.  Amy will probably move into my house.”
“Good then you can move to the ranch.”
“Maybe.  I may need to live closer than that until the communications can be set up there.”
“How about living at my suite at the Chambers Hotel?”
“Speaking of the Chambers, can you and I meet with Dustin on Saturday?”
“Yes, we can stay there for the weekend if you want.”
“That would be wonderful if Amy and Tyler have taken over being on-call by then.  I’ll know when they get back to the office.”
“Call me later; I have to run to a meeting.  I love you.”
“I love you.”


Greg called Sarah to come to the house, if would be easier if they all talked together to make decisions.  “Sarah, we have all talked.  Amy will move into the house when you have made all your arrangements but no rush.  Our new assistants will take over the 24/7 on-call starting now so you are free weekends and evenings. Dalton will be pleased.”  
Sarah blushed and nodded.  “It shouldn’t take me long to move.  I will make arrangements to move into Dalton’s suite at the Chambers Hotel until the communications are set up at the ranch so I can work either here or at the hotel.”
“Ok, it looks like everything is a go then.”
Amy and Sarah walked back to the foundation office again.  “Can I talk to you?” inquired Amy
“Of course.”
“I am going to miss you.  I love working for you and I won’t see you every day.”
“I am going to miss you too.  And Greg, CeCe and Tyler.  We had some great times here.  But we will still work together just not as face to face.”
“I’m excited to work with CeCe.  She is fabulous to me.”
“She is the best.  I trust you to take care of them for me.”
“Thanks, we will!”
“It really won’t take me long to move.”
“Who cares?  Now, show me that ring. I was so surprised to hear your announcement especially after the story you told me about your history with Dalton.  I guess he got around that and you forgave him.  What about your illness?”
Sarah shrugged “Well, that is why I thought I had walked away permanently from him.  I didn’t want him to have to deal with it.  But he says he can handle it, we will see.  
“Are you scared?”
“Terrified.  It will crush me if I hurt him or his family because of this illness.”
“Did you tell him that?”
“About fifty times.  I kept asking why he would want to be with me if I am sick.”
“And what is his answer.”
“He loves me.”
“I like him already!” Amy replied with some relief
Sarah had one more request of Amy before going to work. “I want you and Tyler to be the host and hostess at the wedding reception.  If you will keep things running smoothly then I won’t have to worry.  Will you do it?”
“It would be my honor.”
“Thank you.”
Amy left and Sarah reached to call Dalton but got his voice mail.  She left a message that she was not on-call anymore and that her weekend was free.


Dalton picked Sarah up late Friday afternoon and they checked into the hotel.  They were to meet on Saturday with Dustin preparations but tonight it was just the two of them.
“Do you want to go out for dinner or order into the room?” Dalton asked as they rode the elevator to the suite.
“Order in.  I just want to relax with you.” 
“Excellent idea.  It has been a long week without seeing you.”
“I agree.  I have been catching up from being gone, training Tyler and Amy and starting to pack.”
“That reminds me, Travis is going to come by on Sunday so we can discuss what you need at the ranch and the house.” Dalton stated as they reached the suite.
“Ok, as long as it isn’t tonight.  I want you all to myself.”
Dalton opened the door so she could enter the suite.  Sarah stopped and gasped, “This is even more elegant than the suite in Hawaii.”
“I keep telling you that I love to live like a king.” Dalton said as he directed her to her suite.  “Now, get into comfortable clothes and meet me in the living room.”
Dalton was stretched out on the couch waiting for Sarah.  He had changed into his jogging shorts and no shirt.  Sarah came out of the bedroom in her big t-shirt.  It covered her to her knees, she looked adorable.  He motioned her to come on over with his hand.  When she approached he directed her to lie down on him.  He gathered her close and kissed her.
“This feels heavenly my Sarah.  To hold you close like this.  Can you feel my heart pounding for you?”
“I don’t know if it is yours or mine pounding so hard.”
She eased back down to kiss him and he angled his head and broke open her lips to taste her.  They could not get close enough they had missed each other so much.
He ran his hands up and down her back trying to memorize her.  He ran his hands up under the back of her shirt and caressed her back.  They finally released each other when their hunger had abated slightly.
“You don’t have much on, do you?” Dalton questioned
“No.  I am comfortable and comfortable doesn’t include lots of clothes.” She said snuggling in closer.  
Dalton groaned and changed the subject.  They talked about their week while they waited for their dinner to arrive at the suite.  
“Dalton, I got an interesting phone call this week that I might need your family’s help on if they are willing.”
“My family?”
“Yes, a lady named Anna called me this week.  She wanted to know if the foundation helped with terminal illnesses in children.”
“What did you tell her?”
“At first I didn’t answer her question, but asked several of my own.  She is a doctor and a foster mother to a little boy with terminal cancer.  He is five and will not live much longer.  He has a wish to be a cowboy.  He wants to ride a horse.  Right now, she says he has the strength but probably not for much longer.  Would David let him be a cowboy on the ranch for a weekend?  Would your family let them stay the weekend with them?”
“Let’s call them and ask.  They are probably all together eating dinner.”
Dalton picked up his cell phone and dialed David.
“Hi Dalton, how’s Sarah?”
“She’s fine.  Are you all together eating dinner?”
“Yes, why?”
“Sarah has an important question for you.  I’ll let her ask.” Dalton handed the phone to Sarah
“David, I need a huge favor.” Sarah stated after saying hello
“Maybe, what’s up?”
“A woman called me today that needs your help.  Her name is Anna and she is a doctor and foster mother to a little five year old boy that has terminal cancer.  He wants to be a cowboy.  Will you let him come to Stage West for the weekend so he can ride?  Can you ask the family if they would mind?”
There was quiet on David’s end of the call while he asked.
“Everyone thinks it is a great idea.  When?”
“I’ll call her next week and arrange it.  He won’t live much longer so it will be soon.  Next weekend if he is able.”
“Great, just let us know what to arrange.”
“Thank you all.”
“No need for thanks.”
“Bye David” Sarah said as she ended the call and handed the phone to Dalton.
“You have a wonderful family.”
“No, we have a wonderful family.  You are one of us now.”
“I like the sound of that.” She said as she snuggled back into Dalton’s arms
“Tomorrow we will begin to move you into my room until you come to live at Stage West.”  
They dressed for bed and got under the covers.  He made sure that she wasn’t sleeping on her bad side.  He pulled her over him and gave her a hungry kiss.  “I love you sweetheart.”
“I love you.”


Chapter 20

Three months later

“Only a few more nights apart, my Sarah.” Dalton said into the phone.  Dalton was working late on his final day at the office for more than a month.  The wedding would be in a few days and then they were going to Hawaii for a month.  They would spend some time working but a lot of vacation also.  
“I am very excited for then too my love.”  Sarah replied.  “I think we are ready.  Greg and CeCe are ready to host the rehearsal dinner tomorrow night.  I confirmed all the arrangements today.”
“I have never seen anyone organize as well as you.  I now know why Davis Enterprises runs so well.  You organized them.”  
“Guilty.  I overdo most of the time, but it helps with controlling stress.”
“Which I am extremely thankful for, I was afraid all of this wedding planning would make you feel bad if it got to be too much.”
“That is why I kept it simple but elegant.”
“It will be beautiful.” Dalton replied with a smile in his voice.
“Tomorrow I am just going to rest so I will feel good for the dinner tomorrow night.” Sarah said changing the subject
“Yes, I am going to the ranch tonight so that I can meet with the contractor first thing in the morning.  They have really made lots of progress on the house this last week.”
“Good, I want to move in when we get back from our trip.  The furnishings are ready to be delivered and Lindsay said she would organize that when the house is finished.”
“It sounds like we are all set.  I’m going to finish here and head home.  I love you.”
“I love you Dalton.”


Dalton was watching Sarah sleep the morning after the rehearsal dinner.  Just a few more hours and she will be my wife.  I have dreamed of this moment and it is finally here.  She forgave me for the harsh words of five years ago and now wants to join her life with mine.
Sarah awoke to Dalton watching her.  He looked a little solemn for such a joyous occasion.  “What is wrong, Dalton?  You don’t have a happy look on your face.”
“I’m very happy.  I was just thinking about the last few months since I walked into Greg’s office and saw you again.  Sometimes I think about those five years I threw away with my harsh words.  We could have been married for years now instead of”
She placed her fingers over his lips to stop the words.  “Dalton those years I was gone were needed.  I grew and became the person I am today.  If not, we might not have ever gotten married.  This is the way it was supposed to work out.”
“You have the best gift of making me feel better. Thank you!” 
Sarah smiled and laid her head on his chest.  Dalton and Sarah did some last minute preparations for the wedding and the trip, then it was time for Dalton to go to Stage West for the night.  
“Dalton, I have something I want you to read when you get home.  Months ago, I promised you a love letter and here it is.”
“Can’t I read it now?”
“No!” she said “Wait until you get home.”
“Okay, sleep well my love and I am finally going to marry you tomorrow.”
“I love you, Dalton”
“I love you my Sarah.”
Dalton left and went to his car.  He was almost too excited to wait until he got home to read the letter but she insisted so he hustled home.  His family was waiting for him when he arrived.  They asked if there was anything else that needed to be done before the wedding.  “No, my Sarah is an organization wizard and she is ready.  She plans to rest until all the girls get there tomorrow to get ready.”  Dalton excused himself to go to his room.  As soon as he closed the door and put his suitcase down, he opened the letter

My darling Dalton,
It is finally here, our wedding day is tomorrow.
I look back on these last few months and I am sure I am still dreaming.  From the first date when you almost asked me to marry you until now, you have been a constant steady and wonderful love.  All those years ago, I never imagined we would be here.  
Tomorrow I will join my life with yours.  You captured my heart and I choose you to love because you are so special.  You are special because you are gentle, kind, caring, honest, trustworthy, fun, hard-working and loving.  
You have given me passion, love, support and caring in ways I didn’t know I needed.  Tomorrow night when we are able, we will join our bodies as we have longed to do.  I can’t wait.  I am so in love with you, sweetheart and I am ready to give you my all.
Sarah

Dalton read and re-read the letter until he had it memorized.  He decided he couldn’t wait until tomorrow to talk to her.
“I knew you would call me.” She said in greeting
“I had too.  This letter is so special.  I must have done something right in my life to have you want to join your life, your heart, your body with mine.”
“You did do something right.  You gave me you.”
“And you wanted me, I am so honored.”
“You are going to make me cry.  I love you and sweet dreams my love.”
“My dreams will come true tomorrow.”


Lindsay and Gabby arrived at the suite before Amy and CeCe.  Everyone exchanged hugs and tried not to cry.  Lindsay exclaimed “We can’t cry now, we will look terrible for the wedding.”
Gabby moved to the kitchen to compose herself.  “I am trying not to cry yet, but I am so happy for you and Dalton.  So many months ago, I would have never imagined this day.”
“Me either.” replied Sarah “I looked in the mirror this morning and asked myself if it is real.”
“I think Dalton did too.  He was fumbling around this morning trying to find the kitchen.  He forgot to put pants on.”  Sarah laughed and showed the girls where their dresses were.  
“Sarah, Dalton had me bring you this present.” said Lindsay handing her the splendidly wrapped box.  Just then the bell to the suite rang and Sarah opened the door to Amy and CeCe and the hair stylists.  Everyone got busy with their preparations.  
Sarah walked with the box into the bedroom and closed the door.  She had a sneaking suspicion of what this was and wanted to open it in private.  Inside was the nightgown Dalton had purchased for her for their wedding night.  It was a shimmering white silk nightgown and robe.  It was glorious.  The card inside the box read “It is almost as beautiful as you.  Just don’t expect it to stay on very long!!”


Sarah turned to look in the mirror as the stylists finished her hair and veil.  She had not looked at anything until she was completely ready to go.  She gasped at the picture in the mirror “Is that me?’ 
“You are stunning, Sarah” CeCe said.  “Dalton is going to lose his heart all over again.”
“Amen” said Amy and Lindsay in chorus
“Celina did a fabulous job on this dress again.  She says she loves making you clothes because you give her dresses pizzazz.”  Sarah wedding dress was a strapless with a fitted bodice that elongated her frame and the skirt flare started near the hips.  The train was long and graceful, like Sarah.
“It is time to go.” Lindsay urged
All of them rode down to the room where the flowers were.  Nathan was waiting for them there.
“Sarah, you are gorgeous.”
“Thank you.  And thank you for giving me away.”
Nathan waved her thanks away “Are you ready?  Dalton was pacing when I saw him last.”
“Yes, I am more than ready.”
They all moved to the back of the room where they would enter the ballroom.  The music began to play and Gabby was escorted to her seat.  “I love you Sarah” she whispered as she walked next to Tyler
Sarah blew her a kiss in return.  Next it was CeCe and Lindsay’s turn.  Sarah blew them a kiss also as they walked past.  The wedding march began so Nathan and Sarah moved to the closed door.  
As the door opened and they began to move, Dalton got his first glimpse of Sarah.  She was glowing.  His hand went to his heart to express his feelings to her.  She smiled as she saw his familiar pose.  That was his sign to her that she held his heart.
The minister started the ceremony as she reached Dalton.  They repeated their vows and had their first kiss as husband and wife.  They turned to their guests as the minister announced “It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. and Mrs. Dalton Matthews.”  The crowd was cheering and crying.  
The couple planned to spend a couple of minutes alone while the guests were escorted to the reception.  As the pictures were taken, their guests would be enjoying the dinner hosted by Greg, Tyler and Amy.
Sarah and Dalton entered the room where she had waited before the ceremony.  He pulled her into his arms as soon as he closed the door.  Their kiss was magical.  He pulled away and looked at her.  “When you came down that aisle, I had a hard time breathing.  You are stunning.  I love this dress and I love you.”
“I love you.” She said as she reached to kiss him again.  “Let’s go get the pictures over with before I cry and ruin everything.”



“Ladies and Gentlemen, please help me congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Dalton Matthews” Greg announced as the couple entered the reception room.  “They will lead off the dancing with their first dance as husband and wife.”
Dalton held her hand securely in his snuggled up to his chest.  He wrapped his other arm around her and pulled her close.  “This is my dream come true.  Before our first date even, I dreamed of dancing with you at our wedding.  Now, it is even more perfect because you are really mine.”  He bent to kiss her gently.  I love you so much Sarah Matthews.  Thank you for marrying me and making all my dreams come true.”
“You have made all my dreams come true too.  I love you, Dalton Matthews.”
###

Thank you for reading this book.  I began writing about five years ago in my mid-forties to capture the stories in my head on paper and thereby removing them from the continuous loop replay in my dreams.  I have read romance novels for nearly thirty years and my writing space in my home contains hundreds of books in boxes and bookshelves and stacks on top of boxes and bookshelves.  I always have one or two books going at one time.  I started writing to please myself and my husband kept up the pressure until I found a way to publish what I had written.  
This story has personal meaning to me.  It is not my love story on how I met my husband but I too have this disease.  Meniere’s Disease is a real disease that is pretty much how I described it in this book.  If you know of someone who has this illness then I think you are super spectacular if you give them your full support.  Someone with this illness cannot make it alone, we need help.  It would be my greatest wish if someday I could open a foundation like I described in this book only better.  
Please send your comments to me at mailto:anniepelle53@gmail.com or on Facebook under Annie Pelle.
Coming Soon
Stage West
Lindsay
David

Warm Comforts

Missed Signals



Other Published Books
Inspirational Romance
Ministry to the Shepherds
Coming Soon
Stage West - Lindsay
Lindsay Matthews has reached a critical and painful decision to leave her home because the man she has loved for many years has pushed her away and said to leave him alone.  In the middle of a casual dinner between the two, Lindsay disappears and Nick Cates is bewildered by Lindsay’s sudden withdrawal from their life-long friendship because he isn’t aware that he has hurt her.  These two need to work through the issues and will need the assistance of a rodeo rope trick.  Lindsay is book two of the Stage West series.

Sneak Peak
Lindsay Matthews sat at her desk in the office of StageWest.  She was in charge of the business at the ranch.  She made the arrangements for the visitors, tracked the records for the breeding programs and paid the bills.  She loved her job but she was still miserable.
Her personal life was stuck.  She loved the son of the ranch’s housekeeper and head wrangler.  Only he didn’t feel the same and she was suffering.  He was Nick Cates and Lindsay had known him most of her life.  Nick was her brother David’s assistant with the breeding program.  He was also her other brother Dalton’s best friend.  
She had loved Nick for years but he thought of her as Dalton’s little sister.  She had hoped to change his mind about her when she stood up at Dalton and her best friend Sarah’s wedding.  The bridesmaid dresses were beautiful and not the least “kid” like.  But he just looked right through her again and her heart had broken.  She had wanted to dance with him but was too scared too after his dismissing look.
Lindsay had been going through the motions of living for those four weeks.  Dinner time each night was painful and it was beginning to wear on her.  I need a vacation. Lindsay thought to herself.  Not a vacation from work but from home.  I have to find some way to get over these feelings or I will lose it.  I am going to skip dinner tonight, I can’t take it anymore.  She moved to the door to go to the kitchen to tell Gabby, their housekeeper and adopted mother that she wouldn’t be at dinner.
“Hello everyone!  We are home.” was what Lindsay heard as she opened the office door.  Dalton and his new bride Sarah came in.  They had just returned from their month long honeymoon.
“Dalton! Sarah! Welcome home.” Lindsay exclaimed  “We all missed you.” She said as she moved to hug them.  “How was your trip?”
“Fabulous” Sarah stated with emphasis  “We will tell everyone at dinner tonight.”
So much for skipping dinner Lindsay thought to herself.  “Great!” she said to her best friend and now sister-in-law.  “Have you been to see the house?” 
“Yes, you did a wonderful job with everything.  It looks perfect.  Thank you!” Sarah commented gratefully
“You organized it, I just followed the instructions.” Lindsay said
“That’s my Sarah.  Organized and fabulous!”
Sarah blushed.
Just then Gabby called everyone to eat.  There were lots of hugs to welcome the newlyweds home.  Lindsay tried to participate in the dinner conversation but it was too hard.  After dinner it was suggested that everyone move to the living room so they could hear more about Dalton and Sarah’s trip, but Lindsay apologized and excused herself saying she had some things to do.
She moved to the office so that she could pretend to have more work to do, but she needed the quiet to think.  Lindsay paced the office until the walls closed in on her.  She decided to go visit the horses in the barn until everyone went to bed.
Lindsay loved horses.  They touched her heart and soothed her when she was restless.  She needed them tonight.  She would have preferred to ride but it wasn’t as safe after dark and all alone.  The horses in the first barn were not part of the breeding program so they could be cosseted.
One of the ranch hands met Lindsay as she entered the barn, she wandered up and down the stalls talking and petting the horses as she went.  She was on her way to see her horse Brandy when she looked up and saw Nick coming her way.  No, not now.  I can’t see him again tonight.  Lindsay stopped and started to turn around hoping he hadn’t seen her but she was wrong.
“Hey Lindsay!”
“Hi” she said as friendly as she could as she was turning to leave.
“Are you busy?” Nick asked hoping the answer was no
“Just heading in, I think I will turn in early.” She said walking backwards towards the exit.
“Will you go for a walk with me?” 
“Why?”
“Why not? Actually I want to talk to you.”
She paused her retreat and reluctantly agreed “What are we talking about?”
“Do you want to walk to the other barn to see some of the new arrivals?”
“I guess, sure.” 
They walked along without speaking.  This was his idea but he wasn’t saying anything and it was making her very nervous.  Her nerves were already stretched thin; she couldn’t take much of this.
As they walked through the other barn, Nick pointed out some of the new arrivals and what David’s plan was for each of them.  “Isn’t she a beauty?” he asked Lindsay as they came upon the mare in the last stall.  “Someone mistreated her though; she is going to take some work.  She is really nervous around raised voices.”
“Come here girl.” He said softly.  “Meet my friend Lindsay.”  The horse did not come to the door but watched them.
“Where did she come from?” Lindsay asked
“David rescued her from the BLM strays.”
“She is beautiful, is he going to breed her?”
“Depends.  He wants the vet to check her over and see if I can get her to be calm around people.”
“You can.” 
He chuckled “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“Like you need my opinion.” She murmured sarcastically
“What?”
“Nothing important.” She said moving towards the exit.
“Are you leaving?” he asked a little irritated.  She walks away from me whenever I try to talk to her.
“Yes, it has been a long day.  I’ll see you tomorrow.” She said with a wave over her shoulder
Nick ran to catch up with her.  “Why do you do that?”
“Do what?” Lindsay asked puzzled.  He was making no sense.
“Every time lately I try to have a conversation with you, you walk away.”
Lindsay’s face showed extreme surprise then she hid it quickly. “What did you want to talk to me about?” she said ignoring his comments.
Nick walked over to the corral that was adjacent to the two barns and leaned against the rails.  His back was too her and he was staring off at nothing.
“Nick, I…” Lindsay started to walk away again
“Are you seeing anyone?” He asked interrupting her 
Lindsay was surprised “Why do you want to know that?”
“I just want to know if you are seeing anyone.”
“Not that it is any of your business but no, I am not.” She said turning to walk away 
“Are you interested in anyone?”
“None of your business again.” She answered “Why do you care?” she asked him in return.  He didn’t answer so she turned to leave again.
“Will you go to a movie with me?” he asked still staring at nothing across the corral
“A movie? As friends?” Lindsay asked puzzled and confused
“As friends, yes, but as a date.”
“No” 
“Why not?”
Lindsay’s first instinct was to walk away and later on she was going to regret that she hadn’t followed through on that instinct.  Instead she spoke a little harshly “For starters you aren’t even looking at me when you ask and two, you sound very bored even as you are asking.  So no.”
“I’m sorry, I am nervous.”
“About what?”
“Asking you out.”
“Then why did you?”
Nick finally turned around to talk face to face.  “Because I want to go on a date to the movies with you.”
“That isn’t really an answer, but at least I know it was me you were asking instead of the sky.”
“You are the only one here, who else would I be asking?” 
“Forget it” she said dismissing his point “The answer is still no.”
“Why not?  I was looking at you.”
“A mercy date is not necessary.” Lindsay turned to walk away.  I must seem really lonely to be asked on a mercy date.  It is time to move away.
Nick ran to get in front of her to stop her trying to leave again.  He reached for her hand “I am not asking you on a mercy date.  I really want to go to the movie with you.”
“On a date, with me?”
“Yes, you.” He squeezed her hand for emphasis
“When?”
“Tomorrow night”
“Okay if you are sure.”
“I’m very sure.”
“Okay, then I guess it is a date.” Lindsay said still a lot puzzled at him
“Good.  Pick out a movie you want to see.”
“I’m picking the movie?”
“Yes, I don’t know anything about what is playing.”
“Then why did you want to go to the movie?”
“To go on a date with you.”
“A date doesn’t have to be a movie, you could pick something else.  We could just go for a ride.”
“That isn’t a date; that is an everyday thing.”
“Ok, I’ll pick out a movie.”
They finished discussing the details of their date and went to their homes for the night.  
Lindsay was unsure of what to think about this date.  She loved him and wanted to go out with him but he hadn’t seemed sure of this plan.  It is probably just a mercy date just like I thought in the first place.
Nick was relaxing after several tense minutes of trying to get her to go out with him.  I don’t think I have ever been this nervous about a date.


The next night after dinner, Nick knocked on Lindsay’s bedroom door.  “Are you ready?”
“Sure.”
“Where are we going and what movie are we seeing?”
Lindsay told him the theatre to go to and gave him the choice of a couple of movies.  He picked the action movie instead of the comedy which she had predicted.
Nick handed her into his truck and they left the ranch.  They hadn’t progressed very far when Lindsay voiced her uncertainty “Can I asked you a question?”
“Is it something to do with why we are doing this?”
“Yes, how did you know that?”
“Because, Lindsay, you are a bit stubborn and you didn’t like my answer yesterday so I figured it would come up again.” He said with a mischievous smile.
“So are you going to answer it?”
“No, we are just going to go on the date and have a good time.  No analyzing it.”
“But I want to know why?”
“See how stubborn you are?  We will talk about it after the second or third date.”
“What second or third date?”
“The ones we may go on after this one.  Two usually comes after one and three usually comes after two.”
“May go on?”
“Yes, you never know the future.” He said evading her question again
Lindsay stopped talking and turned to watch the scenery.  I knew this was a bad idea.  Why didn’t I plead headache and stay home?  Oh well, at least during the movie I won’t have to talk to him.  I can pretend to be there with someone who wanted to be there with me.  How far away from home can I move and when?
“Lindsay?” Nick asked after a few minutes of silence
“Yeah?” she said without turning from the window
“Can we just go and have a good time and not think about why tonight?”
“Sure.  Good idea.” She answered.  I love him and he is treating me like a little kid.  Just pat her on the head and placate her.
“You can just do that without an explanation?” he asked uncertain if she was going to have a good time.
“Yes, forget I asked.  So how was your day?” she asked trying to find a pleasant topic of conversation.
He let her abrupt change of topics go and answered her question.  “It was good.  I was working with that horse I showed you last night.  She seems to be used to a saddle but does not like loud noises.  I have some ideas on how to work with her on that.”
“You can do it.  You have a gift with horses even at a young age.”
“I love working with horses.  I don’t think I want to do anything else ever.”
“You shouldn’t.  You will just get better over time.  David values your work.”
“Thanks for telling me that.”
They passed the rest of the drive to the theatre with other ranch topics.  Nick came around to her side of the truck and helped her out.  At the ticket window the young girl had a hard time concentrating on the transaction because of Nick’s good looks.  Lindsay felt sorry for the clerk; she herself was in the same position.  
Nick and Lindsay found their seats with minutes to spare before the movie began.  The movie was good the few parts that Lindsay concentrated on.  She was really just putting on a good act to not give herself away.  She wanted this to be her dream come true, he chance to date Nick and have him want to be with her.  These were not the circumstances she had hoped for.  
After the movie, they went to the ice cream shop and got a sundae.  The topics of conversation were pleasant and soon they were driving up to the main house at the ranch.  Nick once again helped Lindsay from the truck and walked with her into the house.  Lindsay stopped in the living room and sat down.  No one else was around so they could continue their conversation.
“Did you have a good enough time to go out with me again?” Nick asked when there was break in the conversation.
Lindsay tried to keep the shock from her face but apparently she didn’t succeed.
“Why are you surprised?” he asked cautiously
“I’ll tell you why I am surprised when you tell me why we went out on a date in the first place.” She told him.
“Forget it.  I am not telling you yet.  So will you go to dinner with me?”
“When did you want to go?”
“Is that a yes?”
“It is a maybe.”
Nick laughed “Friday night?” he asked 
“Okay.  I will go.” She replied but already planning a way to cancel the date.
“Good.  I better get some sleep.  I have an early day tomorrow.  Thank you for going with me tonight.  I had fun.”
“Me too.” She said although it wasn’t very true.  
“See you tomorrow.” He said as he left the house.
Not if I can help it.  Lindsay thought to herself.  Mercy dates and pity were not her idea of a relationship.
