Static
By Lucy Marsh 
Copyright 2014 Lucy Marsh
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



Tucker kicked back in his chair, propping his large, heavy, black work boots on his scarred and scuffed desk. He read every line of the resume he held in his hand, scrutinizing every word. Shaking his head, he once again could find nothing that would disqualify the woman from the job. 

She was perfect. Her training was the best and, he grudgingly admitted, better than his own. Flipping back to the first page, he stared at the name, Bay Lopez. ‘Who in the hell named a kid ‘Bay?’ Shaking his head, he tossed down the papers. He just couldn’t shake the feeling that hiring Bay Lopez would be the mistake of his life.

He was on a time crunch with the Commission Council breathing down his neck. If there was one thing in this world he hated most, it was politics. The Council wanted him to hire a female and here was the female they wanted. There was no way to deny she was the best candidate, but Tuck just couldn’t shake the weird feeling he had about her.

This was a small County in backwoods Arkansas. With a name like Bay Lopez, a person would picture someone dark and exotic. She wasn’t going to fit in here. This simply wasn’t a good idea but he could find no way out of it. 

The bell over the outer door jingled its happy tune and he looked up. A soft, tiny, blond woman in a pretty, pink summer dress walked gracefully his way. Tuck felt the smile blooming through him, feeling like it started in his toes and went all the way up to bust out the top of his head. Damn, but she was pretty.

His feet hit the floor and he was halfway out of his chair when she greeted his grouchy dispatcher at the desk out front. Her musical voice and sparkling blue eyes had the old fart nearly blushing as he slumped further in his chair. Tuck saw the wave old Roy gave her, pointing out his office as he made it to his feet.

She turned her beautiful smile on him through the window of his office and started around the high dispatch desk. He met her at the door, taking her soft tiny hands in his, feeling, as always, like a big, clumsy oaf around her. Leaning down to brush a kiss against her silky cheek, he breathed deeply of the soft floral scent that always floated around her.

“Hey, what brings you in here so early?” he asked, his voice deep and rough with the mild surprise he always felt around her. She was so small and so delicate, it amazed him constantly that she actually chose him, wanted to be with him.

Her voice was soft but had an underlying strength that she used frequently on her students. “I know you’re busy. You have interviews today.” She gave his rough hands a small squeeze, “I just knew you were under some stress today and wanted to take a minute to remind you to relax and breathe and to assure you that you will make the best decision; you always do.” She released him and pulled a large clear plastic baggy from her purse. “And, I brought you peanut butter cookies.”

Tuck took the bag with a smile. Never in his life would he admit to her that he hated peanut butter cookies. “Clarice. You are wonderful. Thank you.”

“I know you’ve been worried about this. Hiring a woman for an officer is a huge change for this County. While I fully support women’s lib, I, myself, don’t know how I’ll feel about knowing the only law enforcement on the streets of our little County is a woman. But I know you’ll pick the very best one.”

Looking into her soft, sky blue eyes and hearing the conviction in her voice, Tuck knew she fully believed her words. Setting the bag of cookies aside, he ran his hands up her arms to cup her shoulders. Marveling again at how tiny she was and how much strength he knew was inside her, he felt the slow warmth spread through him. “I love you, Clarice Hogan.”

“I know, Tucker Adams. I love you too.” She rose on tip toes and gave him a quick kiss. “Come over for pot roast tonight?”

He groaned. “Pot roast? With those little potatoes? And the gravy?” 

Her laughed tinkled through the office. “Would I dare to make it any other way?” Giving his arm a squeeze she turned to leave. While Tuck admired the small, trim body in the pretty, pink dress, she tossed him a saucy look and blew him a kiss. Pausing, she noted the look in his stone-gray eyes and smiled. Whispering she said, “Stop by, maybe you’ll get lucky.” With a wink, she glided gracefully back around the desk and out the door. 

Slumping back down in his chair, he shifted the hardness now making his pants uncomfortable. With a soft laugh he thought about the small, sparkly ring he had tucked away in his sock drawer at home. He’d spent his entire life avoiding women like Clarice and now he was preparing to take a step he never dreamed to take. 

Leaning back and once again propping up his feet on the desk, Tuck let his mind wander. Clarice was perfect. She kept her house sparkling clean, could cook the most amazing meals. Everyone liked and respected her; even far outside of Hill County she was considered a wonderful person.

If only he hadn’t spent his life avoiding this very situation. Tuck’s father had taught him the hard way that no woman ever was worth giving up your freedom for. With frequent beatings, the old man had drilled into him the laws of a real man. One that didn’t let himself get tied down by any woman ever. 

Whispers of dark memories drifted at the edges of his mind. The woman who was his mother, harsh and demanding, never any soft kind words for her children. His father’s quick fists and raised voice. A cold, long, winter’s night and a child’s pained cries reminded Tuck that he’d vowed never to open a door he was unable to close. Long, long ago, Tuck promised himself he’d never, ever have a child and risk his father’s traits coming out in himself. It simply wasn’t worth it, nothing was worth the pain of losing something so precious.

Giving himself a shake, Tuck came back to the present. Thinking again of Clarice, over time, the small woman had shown just how wily she could actually be. Clarice had set her sights on having him and nothing was going to stop her. She’d taken it slow. Slow and steady and carefully, she assaulted him and his battered feelings until she broke him. 

He knew that if he explained his feelings to Clarice, she’d accept them. She’d never demand a child from him. Being an elementary school teacher, she was around children all day for nine months out of every year. She considered them “hers” and had once admitted herself that she wasn’t sure she wanted one of her own. But Tuck knew better. It wouldn’t be long after he tied that knot around his neck that she’d get the itch for the crib in the corner and a baby seat in a minivan. 

His thoughts once again turned dark as memories that reinforced his earlier decisions made him doubt the purchase of that little diamond. But trying to imagine giving Clarice up, imagining her with another man, making babies and buying minivans, caused such a clench in his gut, he physically hurt. With no answer in sight, he slammed his feet back onto the floor and got up to stomp to the coffee pot.

Grabbing the bag of cookies as he went by, he took them out and dropped them in front of Roy. The old man snorted a laugh while Tuck poured the bitter brew into his cup. “You ever gonna’ tell her you don’t like these?”

“Nope.” Tuck went back into his office to wait on the first interview.

That morning, he conducted two interviews with female police officers. One was an immediate “no.” The woman had her hair styled in a mohawk and dyed a bright orange. This was rural Arkansas. Never gonna’ happen. Her youth and minimal training made this decision easy. 

The other was old enough for him to have different concerns about. While she moved okay, looked okay, and had decent credentials, Tuck immediately spotted the faint scars on her arms. The woman had been a cutter in the past and while everyone might deserve a chance, he worried about her mental stability and working alone in such a remote area. But he didn’t dismiss the possibility of her just yet.

He’d scheduled Bay Lopez for after lunch to give himself time to attempt to look at her objectively.  With a deep sigh, he looked at her paperwork again. No matter how qualified she was, how in the hell could he hire an outsider and expect such a close community to accept her? And just what was this itch he got when thinking of her?

When the time came, Tuck was on the phone dealing with a minor matter when Lopez walked in. He heard the bell and looked up. Immediately, he felt the punch, like a hard fist straight to the gut. With sudden stammers, he ended the call and stared at Bay Lopez. 

Long and lean but with curves in the right places, she stood in front of the dispatch desk, calm and cool. Ink black hair pulled back in a glossy pony tail, black eyes greeted Roy with a soft, inner humor. She wore black jeans that looked new and a short-sleeved, olive-green shirt that looked crisp and neat. 

With a start, Tuck realized Roy was smiling back at whatever she had said. Roy was smiling. Roy never ever smiled and certainly not at a stranger. Looking back at the dark woman, Tuck felt the heat spread through his groin. Oh, this was not good at all.

He saw Roy motion the woman to his office and swallowed hard. She moved with an almost liquid grace, reminding him of a predator stalking its prey. It went through his mind that he was glad he’d never have to stare her down in a dark alley. If the way she moved was any indication, she seemed more than capable of handling herself. 

“Sheriff Adams?” She held out a ring-less hand to him.

Standing, he reached to take her hand. As soon as their palms touched, every hair on his body rose up and stood straight. It felt like he’d just stuck his entire hand into a light socket. Even his knees felt weak as the static electricity coursed through him. 

Using everything he had, Tuck kept his face blank. Because he was so hyper-aware of the woman, he caught the very slight flicker of surprise in her dark eyes letting him know he wasn’t alone in his reaction. Her hand was smooth and cool to the touch, steady and calm. 

Clearing his throat to make sure his voice didn’t quiver, “Ms. Lopez, it’s nice to meet you.” He waved her to the chair across from his desk.

“Thank you, Sheriff Adams. I appreciate you giving me this opportunity.” Her voice was as smooth as butter left sitting on a warm kitchen counter. It washed over him, causing that static reaction again and made him struggle hide a small shiver that raced down his back. 

With all the restraint Tuck could manage, they exchanged pleasantries and went briefly over her resume. Finally he asked, “Ms. Lopez, I have to ask, you’re almost over-qualified for this job, why would you want to work in such a small, remote area?”

She smiled and Tucker’s gut clenched and his pants were instantly too tight. Her lips were full and looked incredibly soft, unpainted and ripe. “I come from a small town. Smaller than Miller Springs, here. It’s what I’m used to. Like I said, I worked for Little Rock PD for five years but it just wasn’t my thing. So, I tried Fayetteville, but, “she shrugged, “still too big. I learned a lot, built my confidence up, but a small town is where I want to be.”

Leaning back in his chair for the first time since she came in, he considered her words. “You’re from California. How’d you end up out here in the Ozarks?”

The light in her eyes dimmed and she looked down. “I lost my family there. We were a small family and now I’m all that’s left. I wanted a place as far from California as I could get. After traveling around a while I found Arkansas and thought that it was the most beautiful place I’d ever seen. I decided this was where I wanted to be.”

Tuck felt that there was more behind the story than something so simple but let it be. Tapping his fingers against the arm of his chair, he knew he was stuck. She was perfect for the job. That made his reaction to her that much more a serious problem. There were so very many reasons why he needed to stay the hell away from this woman. 

“Look. I know you have to hire a female.” She shrugged and looked at straight at him. “I know I’m more qualified than anyone you’re going to find that trained locally. No, I’m not a local and I know how important that is in a small town. But as weird as it may seem to you, as crazy as it is, this is my dream job.” 

She leaned forward, her face earnest. “I’ve been all over this County already. I’ve been to Possum Crossing, I’ve been to Collinsville. I’ve eaten at Mamie’s Cafe, Fred’s Fish Fry, and The Pizza Place. I’ve looked at an apartment just down the street over the hardware store. I want to be part of this close, warm community. I’m ready to spend the rest of my life in Hill County, Arkansas.” 

Tucker felt the electricity in the air and wondered if every hair on his head was standing on end. He couldn’t deny she was perfect for the job. In fact if what she said about staying in Hill County was true, she’d be a perfect replacement for his job in another few years. She had the command presence that men would follow her orders without question. He had the feeling that if one did give her grief, it would happen only once. 

He had no choice. Actually, there simply wasn’t a choice to make. By Council command, he had to hire a female, and here in front of him, no matter his reaction to her, was the perfect female for the job. His only redeeming thought was that while she would work for him under his command, they would work opposite shifts so maybe he could avoid her as much as possible. 

Rising, he pulled out the top drawer of his desk. Taking out a shiny gold badge, he tossed it to her. “We don’t have a uniform, but the County will buy you t-shirts that get printed up over in Fayetteville. You have to provide your weapon and any other equipment you want. We’re a poor County and the Council sees it as they pay you a good paycheck, provide you with a vehicle, so the rest is on you. Now if there’s something you need, there’s ways to get it, so just let me know.”

“Does this mean I get the job?” Her black eyes glittered up at him.

Shoving his hands in his pockets to make sure they didn’t reach out to touch and explore the weird connection between them, he nodded. “It’s yours if you want it. You’ll have to go with me to the Council meeting tomorrow night to get sworn in.” 

She stood as well, smiling hugely. Tucker noted that while she was still shorter than him, the top of her head would fit just under his chin, she would actually be taller than the Mayor of their little town. When she held out her hand once more, he braced for her touch, intending to be ready this time. 

While he still felt an incredible jolt of electricity through him, he thought maybe it wasn’t so bad. Tuck showed her around the office, pointed out her desk, took her through the booking process. Being the County seat, they had four jail cells to keep up with. It was a rare site for all to be filled at once, but it did happen. 

They talked shop and police procedures for the next hour or so. While neither one completely managed to relax in the presence of the other, the tension eased up while they were talking business. At four o’clock, the shift changed and Tuck was able to introduce Bay to evening shift officer, Joby Walker and the evening dispatcher, Flossie Collins. 

Joby was a big man, happily married for over fifteen years with three hell-raising kids he liked to complain about. Everyone knew and liked Joby, which was sometimes a problem when Tuck needed him to be the big, bad cop. The man was simply too nice and his own kids took advantage of that every opportunity they could.  

Flossie was nearing 60 and mean as a snake. She was quite large and commanded the dispatch desk like she owned it. Roy might have the day shift, but everyone knew it was Flossie that ran the show. She’d buried her husband a few years ago and lived alone with five cats. No one, but no one, dared to ever call her the “crazy cat lady;” at least not where she could hear them. 

Joby took Bay in stride. He was too jolly to be bothered by a woman on the force. Flossie looked her over, gave a sneer and turned back to the game of solitaire she had started up on the computer. It was pretty much all anyone ever got out of Flossie.  

Tuck took Bay out back to show her the used patrol vehicle she’d be driving. The one thing Tuck had fought the Commission Council hard for was SUVs for patrol units. It was rough, rugged country and some winters could be downright nasty. He wanted to make sure, as best he could, that he wouldn’t be getting a middle of the night phone call just because someone had gotten some crappy car stuck somewhere. 

Leaning back on his heels he shot her a look. “So, any questions?”

Bay shook her head, her glossy pony tail swinging. “One county, three towns, one consolidated school, hundreds of miles of back roads... sounds like my kinda’ place. Can’t wait to get started.” 

“Be here tomorrow night, 7 o’clock at the Courthouse. We’ll get you introduced to the Council and sworn in. Hope you take the politics as well as you do the back roads.” Tuck dipped his head to her and headed for his patrol unit. He was dearly hoping that a dose of Clarice and her pot roast would chase the black eyes and sweet body he was leaving behind the office right out of his mind. 

A couple of hours later, overly stuffed with the rich food Clarice had made, the two snuggled up on her couch and talked about their days. If someone had told Tucker even as little as a year ago that he’d be sitting on Clarice Hogan’s couch at the end of the day, he’d have laughed his ass off. But something about the soft spoken woman had wrapped itself around his heart and imbedded as deep as it could go.

He began to think about the chemistry and connection with his new officer. A niggle of worry wormed its way into his voice. Tension pulled his shoulders tight.

Clarice caught it in an instant. She might be a small, soft woman, but she was a strong and determined one. Rumors had already reached her about the new female officer and what she looked like. She’d caught more than one quick glance of pity thrown her way. But Clarice was no fool and no one was taking the man she’d worked so hard for away from her.

With a few smooth moves and warm kisses, she had Tuck’s attention fully on her. They might not have an explosive, hot sex life, but they had quite a satisfying one. She knew what her man liked and knew how to deliver it best. It wasn’t long before he had scooped her up into his arms and they were headed for the bedroom.

- 2 -

Bay stood with her hands on her hips and surveyed her new apartment. The owner of the hardware store had attempted to turn the space into two small apartments by using old existing rooms, but it hadn’t worked out quite as planned. As it was now, she had two apartments for her use, one very large open room, a kitchen area on one side, a small but decent bathroom with a loft sleeping area above it. On the other side of the kitchen wall the other apartment was nearly identical, but very tiny and compact in size, useless space in her opinion. 

On Bay’s side, the large room would easily hold a dining table and a living room suite and still have room to spare. The tallest windows she’d ever seen faced the street and let in an amazing amount of sunlight. As there was only one entrance, she’d have to go to the other apartment to use the fire escape if it was ever needed. But it was safe, warm, and clean and Bay had no complaints at all. She also had no furniture except for the bed she and Joby and wrestled up into the loft. 

With a chuckle at the huge empty space, Bay decided she didn’t care. Kitchen, bathroom and bed was all that was required and that’s what she had. Turning to the uncovered windows, she decided that no matter how nice the sunshine was, curtains were on the top of the list.

Leaning against the window sill, she looked down on this new town, this new home of hers. It was an old place, the buildings showing wear and weather worn. Some would call it shabby and worn down, worn out, but not Bay. She thought it was perfect, comfortable like a favorite pair of jeans. 

Unbidden, an image of Tuck in worn jeans and tight t shirt popped into her head. Immediately, she broke out in full body goose bumps and cursed harshly. The man was dangerous ground and she had to maintain a distance. This was where she wanted to be, where she wanted to stay and somehow, someway, she had to get over this insane reaction to the man.

She thought back to that first meeting. How as soon as she entered the building, the little hairs on her arms had stood straight up like she’d passed through some sort of electrical field. But then, once she saw him, oh man, had her body freaked out. Maintaining composure and thanking god she’d worn a sturdy bra to hide her suddenly freakishly hard nipples, Bay had to call on every ounce of control to get through the meeting. No matter how much she was around him, the reaction was the same every time. 

After a three horrible days of tension and awkward in-service training from Tuck, three much more informative and interesting days with Joby, two days with the swing shift guy, Dave, and Bay was patrolling on her own. Where Tuck was all ‘big bad authority’ guy, and Joby was everyone’s favorite uncle, Dave was completely different, again. He was older, nearing retirement and had very little to say on any subject Bay had asked about.

It took only one midnight shift to discover why no one wanted to work it. With the exception of the bars, the latest any store or diner in any of the towns stayed open was 9 o’clock. Miller Springs had two bars, Collinsville had one and each closed at 10 o’clock weekdays and midnight on Friday and Saturday nights. Once she found that Tuck had no problems with her dropping by her apartment for “lunch”, then all was good in the finding some place to eat when everything was closed. Now, if only she had a chair to sit in while she ate, Bay thought as she grinned again at the empty apartment. 

Later that night, when she swung into the dispatch office, Flossie turned a hard eye on her. Bay paused to check to make sure her shirt was tucked in neatly and her hair wasn’t sticking up. No matter what Joby said, Flossie did not appear to be happy she was working there. Finding nothing amiss, she tried a smile.

“Evening, Flossie. How’s it going?”

The large woman narrowed her eyes at Bay. “I got a new couch.”

Bay was at a loss for words. Blinking and scrambling for something to say, she offered, “Uh. Good. Um, need some help moving it?”

Flossie snorted, “Need some help getting rid of the old one.” She turned back to the card game on the computer and Bay let out a relieved breath of air. Before she could relax though, Flossie continued, “You bring your skinny butt over to my place soon as you get off duty and get the damn thing outta my garage.”

Joby walked over to Bay and used a finger to lift her chin from where it had dropped open. Startled Bay snapped her mouth closed and sent a frantic look to Joby. “I think she means you can have her old couch if you just come get it in the morning.”

“Oh.” Bay wondered if her eyes were bugging out of her head like they felt they were. “Oh. Well. Um, Flossie that’s really nice of you. Thank you.” 

The older woman simply snorted and went back to ignoring Bay. Joby gave Bay a jerk of his head and they walked out back together. As soon as the door shut behind them, Joby burst out laughing. “Girl you look like you done swallowed a bug.”

“Joby, did she just give me a couch?”

“Ol’ Flossie… it’s how she is. She don’t ask, she tells you how it is. Don’t worry, you tell Tuck about it when he comes on in the morning and he’ll help you with it. Toss it in the back of his truck for ya.”

That sobered Bay right up. There was no way she could insult Flossie by not taking the couch but there was also no way she could get it home by herself. Flossie lived over in Possum Crossing and Bay’s old cranky Grand Prix would not hold a couch. She knew Tuck would help; all she had to do was ask. There was no way to ask Tuck for help when she was avoiding him as much as possible.

Shoving her hands in her pockets, she wondered what the hell she was going to do now. The midnight dispatcher, a shy quiet young man named Owen that Bay had no luck in engaging in conversation, walked up. Thinking quickly, she realized that even living in such a rural area, the only one with a pick-up truck was Tuck. She was screwed.

“Hey, Owen. How’s Hailey?”Joby asked.

“Ah, she’s good. The doc said everything’s looking fine,” Owen answered, his cheeks turning a bright pink. After a quick glance at Bay, he ducked his head and went inside.

Frowning, Bay asked Joby, “Who’s Hailey and why does she need a doctor?”

Joby’s rolling laugh echoed across the alley. “Girl, don’t you talk to anyone?”

Bay narrowed her eyes at the round man. 

That just made Joby laugh harder. When he finally caught his breath he choked out, “Hailey is Owen’s wife. She’s expecting a baby in a couple months. Seems like you having a hard time making friends with everyone around here.”

“He won’t talk to me!” the words nearly exploded from her. “Just turns all red and tries to hide behind the computer screen. And Flossie, geez who can talk to her?” Bay’s irritation finally got through to the still chuckling Joby.


Patting her shoulder, he said, “People don’t take to newcomers easily. Give it time and before long they’ll forget you didn’t grow up here. You’re one of us now, Bay. Even if you do have a weird name and a funny looking face.”

Bay couldn’t hold back the burst of laughter. This was all too weird. Clapping Joby on the back, she sent him home just as Flossie came out the back door. Giving the cranky woman a big smile, she reassured her that she’d be at Flossie’s house right after work to grab the couch. Flossie gave a grunt and headed for her beat-up, old station wagon to go home.

After some quick paperwork in the office and another failed attempt at chatting up Owen, she headed out. Hill County was normally very dark and quiet on her shift, but she still tried to patrol as much as possible, changing up her route through the dark. Possum Crossing held only a post office and an old fashioned general store where you could literally buy just about anything. Collinsville was bigger with a few small shops, a bar and Fred’s Fish Fry. Bay always took the time to park her vehicle, get out and rattle the doors to make sure everything was locked up tight. 

The few calls she got overnight were usually prowlers that ended up being some sort of animal, but there had been a few domestic disturbances and she liked to drive past those houses just to check. She also found out that there was one fire department for the county and the volunteer department expected the police to assist with any fires. 

It was nearing dawn and she was traveling the main highway back to Miller Springs when she saw the vehicle off the road against a tree. Grabbing her radio mic and calling it in to Owen, Bay flipped on her emergency lights and pulled over. She saw the blood first and immediately asked for an ambulance.

Working quickly, she tested the car door and found it had popped open a bit from the impact and she was able to pull it open further. The man inside was slumped over the wheel, blood pouring freely from a cut on his forehead. Alcohol fumes rushed to greet her just as the bottle fell out of the man’s hand to bounce off of her foot. 

Cursing, Bay jerked on a pair of disposable safety gloves and checked for a pulse. Just as she found it, the man moaned and started to move. Talking quickly, trying to get him to be still, Bay wrinkled her nose at the overwhelming smell of stale alcohol when the guy let out an impressive belch. 

“Please hold still sir, the ambulance will be here soon.”

“What? Who the hell are you?” The man looked up at her, squinting in the flashing lights, trying to focus on her face. 

“I’m Deputy Lopez, I need you to hold still please. How much have you had to drink tonight, sir?”

“Are you a fuckin wetback? What you doin’ out here? We don’t have no Mexicans around here.”

Bay’s gut clenched and she bit back the angry words that jumped for release. “Sir, I’m going to ask you again, how much have you had to drink tonight?”

The man leaned back in the seat and Bay quickly looked for more injuries. “What happened? Did you run me off the road? Damn women got no business driving.”

Taking a deep breath, trying to find some fresh, clean air, Bay tried again, “What’s your name sir? Do you live near here?”

He squinted up at her. “Where’s Tuck? Who are you? Get away from me, you spic.”

Bay could hear the distant sound of the ambulance siren. Clamping down on her temper, and resisting the urge to just shoot the moron, she asked again for the man’s name. She received nothing but more insults. Leaving him sitting in the car, she walked up to the road to greet the ambulance.

Briefly, she described what she’d found as the medics gathered up gear. She introduced herself to the two men and found Bill and Anthony to be long time medics in the area. They were both familiar with the man in the car.

“That’s Scotty Brooks. He gets liquored up and crashes his car a couple times a year. Unfortunately, he never manages to do serious damage.” Bill informed her.

“Sounds a little harsh.” Bay frowned. She may have personally found the man incredibly offensive, but now she wondered if everyone found him that way.

Anthony nodded. “I take it you haven’t met his wife. Give it time and you’ll understand.”

They went back to car where Scotty still sat. Bay found that Scotty didn’t care who he insulted as Bill and Anthony received the same abuse that she had. Anthony was worried about the injury to Scotty’s head, so they decided to transport him to the hospital.

As soon as they started working to get him out of the car and strapped to a cot, Scotty decided it was time for him to go home and that, "he didn't need no ambulance!" Bay grabbed him and prepared to take him down as his fists started flailing wildly. Bill stepped up and his large body easily absorbed the blows as he tried to wrestle him onto the cot.

But Scotty got lucky with the next punch and connected with Bill’s jaw, knocking Bill out cold. Bay decided she was done and in a few, quick, professional moves, had the drunk on the ground and handcuffed. Deciding that if the medics wanted to check him out further they could do it from the jail, Bay manhandled him into the back of her SUV.

By then, Anthony had Bill awake and the man was cursing loudly. After a short discussion, it was decided that Anthony was taking Bill to the hospital and they would send the back-up crew to the jail to check on Scotty. Bay radioed the call into Owen and had him get a wrecker to tow Scotty’s car. 

By the time Bay reached the Sheriff’s Office, Scotty was snoring happily in the back seat. It took more physical manhandling to get him awake and out of the vehicle. Owen held the door open while she half carried the much bigger man in the nearest jail cell. Tossing normal booking procedures out the window, Bay just wanted the man secured and behind bars. 

She was able to quickly find his information in the computer and had her report mostly done when Tuck came in for shift change. He took one look at her blood and dirt covered clothing and nearly pounced on her. Grabbing her arm, he turned her around and looked her over checking for injuries.

Bay’s heart rate tripled instantly. The electric connection between them zinged along her skin. She carefully pulled back away from his touch, quickly assuring him she was perfectly fine. In short bursts she informed him of everything that had happened and pointed to the man comfortably sleeping in the cell.

“I’m fine, everything’s fine. Back up ambulance crew patched his head and said he seemed fine. I’m not hurt, none of this is mine.”

Tuck stood back staring at Scotty. After a minute he asked, “You cuffed him, and carried him to your vehicle, then carried him in here?”

Bay nodded cautiously. She couldn’t figure out what he was thinking or feeling but didn’t really like the strange look on his face.

“By yourself?”

“It’s my job.”

Tuck nodded and tucked his hands into his pockets. “Why didn’t you call for back up?”

Frowning, Bay looked at Scotty. “Why? He’s just drunk. No way he could blow on the BAC but I had the medic take blood so we could get DWI charges.”

She could see Tuck take a deep breath. “You should have called for back-up.”

The anger was starting a slow climb up from Bay’s middle. “Why?” Rising, she moved to stand in front of him, in his line of sight. “If I was a man, would you be telling me I should have called for back-up?”

Tension shot between them. They stared at each other for a long minute before Tuck only nodded. “You’re right. Your call.” 

Just then Roy came in the back door. He gave a sneer at Scotty, ignored Tuck and Bay, and headed into the dispatch desk ordering Owen out of his chair. That reminded Bay of Flossie and the couch. She gave a soft curse before squaring her shoulders.

“I need to ask you for a favor.”

Tuck raised an eyebrow. The action sent a new and different liquid warmth sliding down through her. Doing her best to ignore it, she quickly explained the couch situation. Tuck gave her a sharp nod, told her to finish her report and meet him out back.

Once he was gone, she breathed a sigh of relief and ordered her body to behave. She actually had to run her hands over her arms to get the hair standing up to relax and quit making her feel electrified. Dammit, she had to get control of things around Tuck; he was her boss, he was the sheriff and she was going to be working here for a hell of a long time. Or so she hoped.

She quickly finished up her report, said good-bye to Owen and filled in Roy on the sleeping Scotty before going out to meet Tuck. She found him talking to the little Mayor and approached slowly, making sure they were aware of her in case their conversation was private. Mayor Williams greeted her happily and exclaimed over the dirt and blood. Bay glossed over the situation as lightly as possible.

Tuck explained where they were headed and the Mayor gave a salute and left them. Turning to her, Tuck asked, “Want to change fast?”

Bay shrugged. “Nah. Rather just get going. Don’t want Flossie mad at me for being late.”

The small smile that quirked Tuck’s lips made Bay’s throat slam shut. “She scare you that bad?”

She only nodded, knowing that speech was impossible. Taking slow, deep, breaths she tried to get her nerves under control.

Tuck had outfitted his personal truck with lights and a siren for when he was called out unexpectedly. He motioned for Bay to climb in while he opened the passenger door. Giving herself a stern lecture, she walked around the pick-up and slid inside. 

It only took about ten minutes to get to Possum Crossing, but it took another ten to get to Flossie’s house. The ride was long and tense with neither of them saying a word. Flossie lived well off the beaten path, down a long dirt road that was badly in need of repairs. The ride was long, slow and bouncy, making Bay aware of every move Tuck’s body made. 

Tuck pulled up in front of a picturesque, old, white farmhouse. Flossie stepped out on to the porch and jerked her thumb in the direction of a detached garage. While Bay looked around in awe at the abundant lush flowers and fruit trees arranged around the place, Tuck easily turned the truck around and backed it up to the garage.

“Don’t you steal any of my tools in there, Tucker Adams. I know where you live and I will take them back outta your hide.” Flossie stood on the porch, a large orange and white cat twining around her legs. 

Bay sent a startled glance at Tuck who only smiled and exited the vehicle. “Flossie, go back inside and bake me a pie like a good little woman should.”

Bay knew her mouth dropped open. She climbed slowly from the truck, cautiously keeping to the other side of the vehicle away from Flossie. The woman really did scare her and for someone to speak to her like that, she was waiting to see if Flossie brought out a gun.

Instead, Flossie roared with laughter. She looked to Bay and noticed the stains on her shirt. “Girl, who you been rollin’ the mud with?”

“Scotty Brooks.”

Flossie’s laugh was gone and her face took on a fierce scowl. “You arrest that piece of trash?”

“Yes ‘mam.”

“Good. Then maybe you’ll get a pie and not that weasel, Tucker Adams.” She stomped back in the house.

Bay looked to Tuck, stunned and speechless. “Looks like you made a friend.” Turning, he slid open the garage door and walked over to a plastic-draped couch. Looking back he asked, “You gonna’ help with this thing?”

Dazed, Bay hurriedly moved to help. Together they easily lifted the couch and set it in the back of Tuck’s truck. He slammed the tailgate closed and then closed the garage door. “Let’s go.” He climbed once more into the driver’s side of the truck.

Bay got in the passenger side, completely confused. “Um, we’re just leaving? I didn’t thank her for the couch.”

Tuck shot a glance at her dirty clothing, “Would you like to go inside and thank her?” She could see the smirk lurking just behind his solemn face. 

“Uh. No. I can thank her at work. Later.” Bay shifted uncomfortably. 

A low chuckle rumbled from deep inside Tuck’s chest. “Bring her a pack of flower seeds.”

Confused, Bay frowned. “Flower seeds?”

Tuck only nodded and motioned to the surrounding landscaping before starting down the long winding driveway. The drive back was as silent as the one there had been. It left Bay to ponder the strangeness of the woman’s house they had just been to. She had expected a different way of living in this rural area, but Flossie was more confusing than she had originally thought.

When they reached Miller Springs, Tuck pulled around to the alley and the entrance to her apartment. Together they wrestled the couch out of the truck and started trying to work it up the narrow stairway. The next few minutes were a comedy of errors that if anyone had been watching, they would have most likely laughed themselves silly.

The couch wasn’t that heavy, but it was large and awkward and the stairway was rather narrow. Since a bed was all Bay had moved in so far, the narrowness hadn’t been a problem. It was now. After many grunts and curses, with Tuck trying to lift his end backwards up the stairs and Bay pushing from the bottom, Tuck’s hands slipped and he dropped his end, causing it to nearly bowl Bay over and down the few steps they had managed so far. 

“Okay. Switch places. You up here since you’re shorter and I’ll shove from that end.”

Bay glared daggers at the man. She eyed the tiny space between the couch and the wall. “And how do you propose we switch places?”

Tuck simply stepped onto the plastic still covering the couch and walked down the seat cushions. Bracing his hands against the wall, he stepped down off the couch beside her. “Like that.”

They were now standing facing each other in the small space. Bay looked up, sudden nervousness flooding her system. The heat between them made her short of breath and she realized her knees had gone weak. She could smell him, all warm, male musk and knew that she was in seriously deep trouble. 

Tuck cleared his throat. “Uh, you could climb back up the same way.” 

Bay nodded and woodenly turned to climb the couch. She felt Tuck place a steadying hand on her back and the shock of his touch made her stumble. He grabbed her with both hands around her waist and she sucked in air, feeling like her entire body was catching on fire. 

“Careful, there.” His voice was low and raspy, sending shivers through her. 

Gritting her teeth and finding the determination to not completely embarrass herself, Bay slammed her hands against the walls and stomped her way over the couch. Stepping carefully onto the stairs above she leaned down and found a hold on the couch. The sooner this thing was moved, the sooner the man would be away from her. 

It took several more minutes of struggling, but they managed to get the couch into Bay’s apartment. Giving it a final shove out of the way, Bay pulled the plastic off to find a rather attractive brown and blue striped couch. Wadding up the plastic, she tossed it beside the door to take to the dumpster later. Turning back to Tuck, she saw him quickly look away from where he’d been watching her.

Was he staring at my butt? She wondered with a frown. “Thanks for the help. I really appreciate it.” She hoped that would nudge him out the door.

He nodded and walked over to the windows. “Nice view. You can see most of the town here.”

Shifting uncomfortably Bay agreed, “Yeah. Need curtains, though, to make sure I’m not giving free peepshows.” Biting her tongue sharply, Bay cursed her choice of words. 

Tuck’s face reddened. Clearing his throat, he turned as if to leave. He paused in front of her, looking over her stained clothing. “You’re sure you’re okay? No injuries from dragging Scotty around?”

Bay raised her eyebrows in question, “I just helped you carry a couch up a set of stairs. A couch that nearly knocked me into the street. That hurt much worse than anything Scotty Brooks could do.”

“Yeah.” Tuck gave a small chuckle. Glancing at the otherwise empty room he continued, “If you ever need help with stuff, just ask. It’s no problem.”

He was standing entirely too close for her comfort, causing all kinds of tingles and feelings inside her. She only nodded and said, “Yeah, well, thanks again. It’s, uh, getting kinda’ late for me though, you know. Night shift and all… this is my sleeping time.”

Attempting to give him a smile, Bay looked up at Tuck. He was staring. Right at her mouth. She swallowed dryly. The heat between them intensified until she began to wonder if important things on her body were just going to start simply melting away. 

Finally, he gave only a curt nod and left, shutting the door behind him. Bay let out a huge sigh of relief as instantly the tension fled. Giving the couch a light kick for all the trouble it had caused, she headed for the bathroom to shower off the fight with Scotty before going to bed. 

- 3 -

Four months later.

Tuck braced his hands against the sides of the shower wall hoping the cooling spray would ease the fire in his gut. Cursing harshly, he noted that it didn’t seem to be working. His body wanted what it wanted even if his mind and heart disagreed. 

With a vicious twist of the taps, he turned off the water and jerked the towel from the rod. Drying himself off roughly, his mind went over the day’s schedule, refusing to acknowledge the sweaty dream he’d woken from that involved his own Deputy and the hard reaction it had brought. It wasn’t until he remembered that today was the final meeting with the preacher for the wedding in two weeks that Tuck gave in and let out a frustrated roar of cursing. 

Jerking on his clothes, he stomped to the kitchen for coffee. While he waited on the coffee to brew, Tuck leaned against the counter and tried to think clearly. It wasn’t easy. His thoughts and feelings had been a jumbled mess ever since he hired that damn woman.

Taking a deep cleansing breath, he concentrated on Clarice. After a bit, the tension left his shoulders and the familiar warmth came back to him. He imagined her soft blond hair, those baby blue eyes that just made him melt and her tiny soft body that felt like coming home every time he sank into her. That was what he wanted. 

Quiet, firm security and the amazing love of the most beautiful woman he had ever encountered. That was his Clarice. He wasn’t stupid, he knew she’d pursued him until he broke, but turns out, that was okay with him. Thoughts of spending the rest of his life with her made him feel complete.

That was why, a few months ago, he pulled out that little sparkly diamond, took Clarice on a picnic on a beautiful summer day and proposed that they spend their lives together. When she demanded a fall wedding, Tuck was okay with that. They still hadn’t discussed children and he still hadn’t changed on that front, but he figured that was a path they’d cross later. 

If, deep in his heart, he had hoped that seeing his ring on Clarice’s finger would somehow still his physical response to Bay, then it remained his secret when the maneuver didn’t work. Even after all these months, as soon as he saw Bay, his body broke out in goose bumps and his tongue dried up in his mouth. It was driving him madly insane and somehow, someway, he had to make it stop. 

The little she-devil didn’t do a damn thing to provoke him, either. Bay kept her distance from him, managing to always keep a large space between them. He’d watched her break through to charm the men at work. Hell, even Flossie would banter with Bay just like she did with him sometimes. He absolutely refused to believe that he was jealous, that this outsider had so quickly made friends around his town, his County.

She had become well liked and respected. She handled herself and the rowdiest of drunks with an ease he’d never found in another male police officer. The Mayor had praised her on several occasions now. Tuck should be proud. Right?

Grabbing a cup and filling it with piping, hot coffee, Tuck went out onto his back porch. The autumn morning had a bite to it but the brilliant colors of trees just starting to turn let him know that when he married Clarice at the little park in town, it would be beautiful. Scalding his tongue on the coffee, he fought hard to keep the tension from creeping back. 

He was going to marry Clarice, the woman he loved, in two weeks. Then they were going on a honeymoon for a week. And when they came back, his reaction to Bay would end, or he’d make it end one way or another. Just because he had no idea how to make it go away was beside the point. But for now, it was time to get moving; he had a preacher to talk to.

When he pulled up in back of the church, Tuck found Clarice already there. She was standing beside her open car door with one hand on the door, the other held pressed tightly to her stomach. As soon as she saw his truck, though, she smiled brilliantly and closed the car door, moving around to greet him.

Wondering if she was having doubts, Tuck studied her face as he got out of the truck. Her smile didn’t hide the slight shadows under her eyes. Frowning, Tuck looked harder. Was her face a little thinner than usual? Pulling her close for a hug and kiss, he carefully felt along her ribs. Yes, she had lost weight. Why hadn’t he noticed this? 

“You feeling okay?” He asked.

“Yes, I’m fine, why?” She looked confused. 

“Just something around your eyes. Wedding jitters?” He smiled.

Her laugh bubbled across the parking lot of the church. “Only to get it done already.”

Tuck brushed it off as anxious bride nerves and taking her hand, they went in to talk to Rev. Boyle. Entering the back of the church, they walked towards a tiny office immediately to the left. Upon entering, Tuck caught the quick concerned glance the religious man gave to Clarice. When the preacher’s features remained smooth and friendly, he wondered if he’d imagined it and wondered if his own nerves were more rattled than he knew. 

They exchanged pleasantries for a few minutes, went quickly over a couple of last minute changes and then Rev. Boyle leaned back in his chair and looked to Clarice. She squirmed in her chair. Tuck had never seen Clarice squirm in front of anyone before. Her hand sought his and gripped it tightly.

“How are you feeling Clarice?” Rev. Boyle asked gently.

Tuck felt something dark settle over the room. He turned to look at Clarice and found her eyes swimming in tears. A new kind of tension tightened his shoulders until he wondered if they’d break. While he stared at this woman he’d chosen to spend his life with, she refused to look at him.

“I’m fine Reverend. Just fine.” She whispered.

The older man sighed heavily. “Clarice.” He shook his head slowly, sadness entering his eyes. 

Raising her chin in defiance, she announced, “I’m fine,” in a strong clear voice, the tears gone from her eyes.

Turning to the Reverend, Tuck said, “Tell me what she won’t.”

He heard Clarice’s small gasp and felt the jerk of her fingers that he held on tightly to. He refused to release her hand and dread filled him with a dark coldness. Rev. Boyle’s sad eyes turned to him. “I cannot. It is hers’ to tell. But I am here should either of you need me.” He stood and stepped around the desk. He laid a hand on Clarice’s shoulder and whispered a quick prayer before leaving the room.

Tuck sat still for a minute, his mind surprisingly calm and clear. He felt the tremors in Clarice’s fingers and wondered why they felt cold since he was holding them so tightly. Shifting, he turned to her. She sat straight and still, staring at the chair the Reverend had just left, her face a blank mask to him.

Scooting off his chair, he knelt at her feet. “Tell me.”

She shook her head, defiant once more.

Tuck simply lifted their joined hands and kissed her cold fingers. “Tell me.”

“I am fine, Tucker Adams. I’m fine.” Her voice was strong and clear but there was anger around the edges.

Raising his eyes, he looked into hers. He didn’t repeat his request, he just waited. Tuck didn’t know what was going on, all he knew was that once again, his life was about to change. He questioned his calmness since he knew that this change wasn’t going to be good.

Finally Clarice let out a huff of breath. “Doctor Martin thinks I need to see a cancer doctor in Fayetteville. I think he’s old and doesn’t know what he’s talking about.” 

Tuck closed his eyes. If someone had physically struck him with a hard blow to the chest, it wouldn’t have hurt as much as this did. Taking a deep breath, he opened his eyes and looked square into Clarice’s. “Then you’ll see the cancer doctor before the wedding or there will be no wedding.”

Clarice’s face drained of all color. “What?” She whispered.

Leaning close to her, nearly nose to nose Tuck quietly said, “I love you. You will not risk the health of the woman I love. You will do everything the doctor tells you to do. If you don’t see the doctor that Dr. Martin wants you to see then the wedding is on hold until you do.”  

“But Tuck -,” Clarice started.

“I’ve let you run this show since you started chasing me Clarice Hogan. But this time, you will do as I say. Don’t push me.” His voice was firm and solid, surprising even himself. Taking her face gently in his hands, he kissed her with all the love in his heart. “Now, you’ll see the doctor, right?”

Clarice nodded, biting her lip to hold back the tears. “But what if...”

Tuck stood and pulled her to her feet. “Yes, what if. What if you wait and then it’s too late? What if you don’t find out for sure and then it’s too late? What if you go see him and it’s just as you say and Dr. Martin is a silly over protective fool? I want a future with you and if you deny me that future, I’m not going to be a happy man.”

“But...”

“But what if it’s already too late?” Tuck shrugged. “Then we take what we have, but we do it knowing exactly what’s going on.” He folded her in his arms and held her tight. The coldness inside him was growing and he tried desperately to find the warmth she always brought him.

They parted ways a few minutes later, Clarice going to Dr. Martin’s office and Tuck to work. He had paperwork to file as he wanted everything done before he left for a week. Keeping his mind carefully blank, keeping the cold void inside him as small as possible, he went the Sheriff’s office.

Finding Bay tapping away at her computer keyboard and a teenage boy cursing roundly from a jail cell was not what he wanted to find. Her normally neat pony tail was slightly askew and she had tendrils of hair dangling down to brush her neck. She was completely ignoring the verbal abuse coming from the young man.

“Shut up!” Tuck yelled at the teen. The kid simply turned his ire onto Tuck. 

“Hey man. That bitch, she nearly broke my arm. She called me names. I want to press charges against her.”

“Shut. Up.” Tuck repeated, this time quietly and much darker.

Even from behind bars the kid got the message and flung himself onto the cot at the back of the cell.  Bay glanced up but continued typing. She took a quick look at Tuck and just as quickly turned back to the computer screen.

Moving closer, Tuck could see a long red scratch along the side of her neck. He could also read the anger in the lines of her posture and was able to admire the way she held it in. The closer he got to her, the more the hairs on his arms stood on end. Silently cursing his reaction, but this time he also welcomed it too, as it was chasing away that raging cold inside him.

“Tell me.” He instantly regretted his choice of words as they reminded him of Clarice.

Bay finished the sentence she was typing before answering. “Shoplifter from Speedy’s. He wanted to run and then to fight. I won.” 

“Freakin woman’s gotta be on speed man. No one runs like that but me.” The kid grumbled from the cot.

“What’d he take?”

Bay pointed to the corner of her desk and a collection of junk food. “Two sodas, five candy bars, two packs of crackers. But what got him was he tried to lift a pack of cigarettes. And the fact that I had just stopped to grab breakfast before going home.”

Shifting to stand behind her to read her screen, he noted the name. “Trevor Williams.” He ignored the quick shiver he felt go through Bay... or so he told himself when his body tightened. Moving to stand in front of the cell, he looked more closely at the boy. “Trevor Williams. Mayor Williams’s grandson. Captain of the football team. Starting point for the basketball team. Track star.”

Bay’s startled gaze went to the kid. He remained silent for the first time since she’d picked him up. 

Tuck gave the bars of the cell a kick to make them ring. “You were just helping yourself to what you wanted, no need to pay cuz you’re Mayor Williams’s grandson. Got caught and ran. She chased you down. Caught you, beat you down, handcuffed you and brought you in.” He gave a harsh laugh. “How many of your friends saw that one?”

The boy remained silent and still.

“You’re a senior this year, right? First football game coming up. College football scouts going to be sniffing around you this year. Football and basketball scouts maybe.” Tuck began to pace in front of the bars. “If I remember correctly Coach Max is hella’ strict on keeping your nose clean.” Crossing his arms over his chest and leaning back on his heels, Tuck continued, “Didn’t he toss Dylan White right off the team for just getting a squalling tires ticket? Something about his players being examples to the community”

A low stream of curses started. 

Tuck snapped his fingers and adopted a hopeful look on his face. “Oh. But you’re Trevor Williams. You think you can get out of this because Grandpa will just give me a call and make it all go away. Right?”

Trevor sat up and looked at Tuck, hope dancing in his eyes. “Can you?”

Tuck’s harsh laugh echoed through the room. Without looking at Bay he asked, “Is this little snot 18 yet?”

“Yes.”

“Did you charge him with assaulting an officer?”

“No.”

“Do it. Charge him with resisting too. Charge him with everything you’ve got. No need to call his parents. Or his grandparents. He’s an adult and he’s on a twenty-four hold. He’s going to miss school today. And football practice. And, most likely, the rest of the season.” Turning sharply on his heel, he left for his office.

He was deep into his own paperwork and fighting the demon of a dark mood when Bay brought in her report. Taking it he asked, “Did you put down your overtime?”

“Um, yeah I will.” Bay stood with her hands in her pockets.

“Anything else?”

“Is everything okay?” She asked softly.

“Everything is just peachy. Thanks for asking.” Tuck knew the sarcasm was just dripping from his words but he couldn’t seem to hold it back.

“Look Sheriff, normally I stay out of your business, but you were a little hard on the kid in there.” Bay held herself stiffly as if she expected a rebuke.

Shoving his hand through his hair in an uncharacteristic show of frustration, Tuck leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. Maybe if he didn’t look at her it would be better. He paused, wondering how much to say and then decided it was best to say nothing at this point. So he settled on the answer, “Yes there’s something wrong. No I’m not going to talk about it. Go home. I’ll handle the kid from here.”

Bay didn’t budge. Tuck didn’t have to open his eyes to know she hadn’t moved. He could feel the damn woman, every inch of her. Finally she said, “You know where to find me if you do ever need someone on the outside to talk to.”

This time he felt her move away but before she could get out of his office, he opened his eyes and even though he tried to keep his mouth shut it didn’t work. “You’re not an outsider anymore Bay. You’re one of us.”

She turned back and gave him a small smile. “Thanks. Offer still stands.” And then she was gone.

Tuck was eating lunch at Mamie’s when his cell phone rang. It flashed up Clarice’s picture and he quickly took the call. “Hey there.”

“Hi. Um, I have an appointment tomorrow in Fayetteville. I know you’re working but is there any way you could go with me.” Her words came in a rush like she had to say them fast or she wouldn’t say them at all. 

“Of course I will. All you had to do was let me know when and where. Bay can cover, it’s her day off.” A tightness settled around Tuck’s chest making it hard to breathe. 

“Great. Pick me up 8 in the morning? We can have lunch in the city. Someplace nice.”

“Sounds good, except that I won’t have to pick you up because I’ll already be there. I’ll pick up a pizza before coming over tonight. I love you.”

“I love you, Tuck.” She ended the call but not before he heard the small gasp as she began to cry.

His appetite gone, Tuck paid his bill and left the diner. The day passed in a blur with the only thing standing out was his call to Bay to ask her to cover for him. Tuck had decided to make it an overnight trip to give both him and Clarice a small break from home. He hadn’t even taken a single day off before and after this morning; it let her know for sure that something was definitely up. She had repeated her offer of being someone he could talk to but they both knew the chances of that happening were slim.

That night at Clarice’s was long and quiet. Neither of them were in the mood to talk. They went to bed early and Tuck held Clarice tightly against him all night long. He listened to her breathing in the dark and worried if their nights together like this would be limited instead of the lifetime they wanted. 

The next couple of days ended up being the nightmare neither of them ever dreamed could exist. After hours of grueling tests, endless nurses with needles and cold hospital rooms, the doctor with the kindest eyes Tuck had ever seen listed the possibilities of their future. The tests would take a few days to be complete, but he wanted them to have all possible information.

The ride home was long and silent. Clarice slept in the passenger seat while Tuck made plans. All his decisions were made by the time he pulled into Clarice’s driveway. Not waking her, he simply carried her into the house and put her bed where he joined her a short time later.

Days passed with agonizing slowness. When the call finally came, Tuck thanked every god he could name that he was with Clarice right in that moment. The kind doctor proceeded to shatter their world, their hopes and their dreams. Of course, the best treatment would be in Little Rock. While Clarice sobbed quietly beside him, Tuck tried to absorb all the information he could. But it was as if his brain had simply shut down. 

The next morning, no matter how Tuck argued and pleaded, Clarice refused to stay home. She was going to her teaching job and that was final. When Tuck suggested she put in her resignation, he saw a side of her he had yet to see. A full blown angry Clarice was a sight to behold. He let the matter drop, just adding it to the list of things that he would take care of when the time was right.

He headed to the office to check in. When he’d gotten back into town, Roy had told him that Bay had enjoyed her day shift and Tuck got the impression that Roy had too. That was the only comforting words he’d heard all week. Going into his office, he took care of a few things and started the ball rolling on something bigger. He didn’t question his decision, didn’t hesitate to write the letter. 

Tuck had no problems handing the letter to the Mayor. The only problem was respecting Clarice’s need for privacy and explaining the necessity at the same time. This was the one area of small town life that made things difficult. Since the last thing Tuck wanted was rumors, he had to be very careful.

It was nearly noon before he was free again and ready for the next step. Walking down the street from the office, Tuck looked up at Bay’s windows and hoped she was awake. Not letting himself think, trying not to let himself feel, he rounded the building to climb the stairs to her apartment.

After knocking briskly on her door, he waited for her to answer. Staring at the stairs, the memory of the two of them getting that damn couch up into her apartment threatened to break through the block of ice inside him. He remembered the feel of her under his hands, warm but not soft like Clarice. Instead she was firm, muscled.

The door opening broke him out of a near trance. “Tuck. Sheriff,” she said in surprise.

“Tuck is fine. Can I come in? There’s something we need to discuss.”

He could see she was rattled and nervous but quickly stood back for him to enter, making sure he didn’t brush up against her. The apartment had changed drastically since he’d been here. No longer empty, she had it tastefully decorated with obvious odds and ends that worked well together. The bright sunshine was filtered through gauzy curtains that offered privacy but still let in the light.

She waved him to a chair and offered him a drink. Waiting for her to settle, he sat in a chair he would have sworn he’d seen in someone else’s living room before. The normal tension between them was there and this time, Tuck welcomed it. It gave him something to feel other than the blocked off feelings of fear crawling up his back.

As she settled on Flossie’s old couch, she fidgeted and tugged at her shirt, drawing his attention. Focusing on her, he took in the tight tank top that molded to her breasts and the low hanging, skimpy shorts. He took a sharp breath at the sight of her body and then cursed himself when that just caused him to smell her. Fresh, warm woman with a hint of lemon made his body respond in ways he didn’t want.

Clenching his hands together tightly, he concentrated on what he needed to. When the silence between started to feel heavy, Tuck swallowed hard and said, “I’m leaving. After the wedding, Clarice and I are moving to Little Rock. I’ve turned in my resignation to the Mayor and he’s going to talk to the Council but they should be appointing you Sheriff interim.” There, it was out, it was done.

Bay sat unmoving, her eyes black and huge. She just stared at him. After a moment he realized she wasn’t breathing and started to become alarmed. Just as he worried that he’d have to somehow snap her out of her stupor he heard her whisper, “What?”

Grateful that he wouldn’t have to touch her, he continued, “There’s two years left on my term of office. The Mayor agrees that there’s no need to hire a stranger to fill the spot when you can do it. You will have to hire someone to replace you and your shift, though.”

Bay simply shook her head, her loose black hair swinging and brushing over her shoulders. “What?” she asked a little stronger, her normally smooth voice sounded raspy instead. 

“Bay, you’ll make a good Sheriff. The people, they like you. The guys, they respect you. You’ll do fine. If you run for the office when the term is up, I have no doubt you’ll win, easily.”

Tuck was startled when Bay suddenly jumped to her feet and began to pace. She had been so still that the sudden movement actually made him jump. He made the mistake of watching her pace, watching that long, shapely body so skimpily dressed that, even when tight with anxiety, reminded him of something dark and dangerous. 

She stopped as suddenly as she had started, turned to face him, slapping her hands on her hips and repeated, “What?” This time her voice reaching a level of shrill he never expected to hear from her. 

Tuck stood to face her, his already sharp-edged nerves fraying even more. “Listen closely this time. I’m leaving Miller Springs. I’m leaving Hill County. I’m going to Little Rock with Clarice after the wedding. You are taking my position as Sheriff.” 

“The hell!” She erupted. Her black eyes snapped, her body quivering with anger and tension. Tuck felt his body respond more and tried to fight back. He had to stay in control. Bay abruptly turned and faced a window, jerking back the curtain to stare out over the Square. He thought he heard her cursing in another language but couldn’t be sure.

As she stood there, her shoulders slumped, losing the tension. “Why?” She asked, not looking at him.

He couldn’t lie to her and yet he couldn’t answer the question, either. His mind raced to find some sort of answer when she dropped the curtain and turned back to him. 

Bay leaned against the wall beside the window, crossing her arms under her breasts. The movement pushed her breasts up and made Tuck’s mouth water. “Sheriff Tucker Adams doesn’t walk away from the job.” Bay shook her head, her hair falling over her shoulders. “Not even if Clarice asked you to. So what is it?”

It felt like her gaze was piercing right into his brain. Tuck felt the bead of sweat trickle down his back and was glad that he would never have to be interrogated by her. Yes, she would make an excellent sheriff, he had no doubts there. The weight of the secret of Clarice’s condition felt increasingly heavy. But still he said nothing.

“She wouldn’t ask, but there’s no other reason why you’d leave. Because you don’t walk away. But you’re taking her, or she’s taking you, so it involves her. It’s not for a job, because I didn’t think anything could take Clarice away from her kids. Little Rock, big city, lots there.”  Her anxiety was making her speak in fragments, almost more to herself than to him.

Tuck shifted uncomfortably and shoved his hands in his pockets. If he didn’t find a way to stop her soon, she’d have it. Bay was sharp, sharper than even he had given her credit for. “Look, I don’t need a reason...”

“Yes, you do.” She interrupted. “And Clarice is the reason. I’m just not sure why.”

He glared at her. She wasn’t going to give up. “Look, I can’t have rumors...”

Bay snapped to attention, her relaxed posture gone. “Really? Really, Tuck?” He could read the outrage quivering through her body at his suggestion that she might repeat anything he told her.

Suddenly it was all too much. The fear, the worry, the burden of it all fell on Tuck in a solid lump. Raking his hands through his hair he turned and stalked over to the couch where he dropped down. Leaning his head back he let the despair roll over him. 

He felt Bay sit beside him on the couch. Without moving or opening his eyes he said, “Clarice has cancer. They can treat her in Little Rock. We have to go.”

“Oh, god.” Bay said softly. “You haven’t told anyone have you?”

Tuck shook his head.

“Tuck you can’t do this alone. You have to let someone help you.”

He gave a rueful smile. “Yeah. You. Sheriff Lopez.”

Bay snorted, dismissing his words. “I can’t be Sheriff. I’ve only been here a few months.”

Finally Tuck looked at her. She wasn’t sitting too close but he could still smell her, feel the heat from her. It created a heat in him that while he didn’t want, he couldn’t deny felt good. “Think about it. Think about Joby, think about Dave. Can you picture either of them standing up to the Mayor? Picture them dealing with the politics of the job. Hiring someone. Think about it, Bay.”

She frowned and he could see her thinking over his words. Shaking her head she said, “Tuck, man, I want to help, I’d do anything I could to help but geez, taking on as Sheriff?” She looked at him, her eyes full of worry. “I’m not ready for that.”

He wasn’t able to stop his hand. He reached for her and took her hand in his before he could stop himself. The electricity shot through him as it did every time he touched her. He felt the involuntary shiver go through her. “I know you can do it.”

She closed her eyes, her fingers tightening on his. He heard her whispered curse as she sighed. “You play dirty, Sheriff.”

It felt good to hold her hand. Tuck hadn’t expected that. The weird static tension between them still zinged along his nerve endings. It made him feel alive, something he hadn’t felt since that day in preacher’s office. Had it really only a few short days ago? It felt like a lifetime ago.

He gently pulled away from Bay and stood. He needed to get out of here, away from her. Feeling alive was only allowed with Clarice. He started for the door and heard Bay begin to follow. And then all hell broke loose. 

Tuck heard her gasp, heard the sound of something heavy moving behind him. He turned quickly, just in time to catch her as she fell into him. She’d tripped over something and now because he caught her, she was in his arms. 

Warm and firm. Her body was nothing like Clarice’s. Her breasts pressed against him, full and round, he was much more aware of them than he should have been. Looking into her startled eyes, he could also see the quick flare of passion. Her breathing hitched and her fingers curled into his shirt. 

His conscious mind fled. Tightening his arms around her, the connection between them, the electricity, the sexual tension, it all just exploded. Tuck saw her start to shake her head when he blocked everything out and covered her lips with his. 

Blinding stars flashed behind his closed eyes. Heat pulsed through him, he didn’t know if it came from him or her. Never in his life had a woman affected him like this, just took over his mind and body leaving him nothing but feeling. His hands searched her body, looking for each and every curve, pulling her harder against him. 

He didn’t know how it happened but suddenly he was pressed against her, her back to the wall, her legs wrapped around his waist. They kissed, hands reaching and pulling, tugging at clothes. All he could think was that he had to get closer, closer to her, he couldn’t get close enough. 

Her gasps and little moans only made him want her more. Her skin was so hot, his fingers tingled with the heat everywhere he touched. She was so strong, so warm, so eager. There was nothing gentle, nothing soothing, only the heat between them. Bay moved against him, clenched tight around him. He was lost in her.

He buried himself in her, feeling nothing but her, hot and tight. She was nearly screaming now, her body bucking against his. Their mating was wild and rough. Nothing existed but the two of them and the release they both sought. 

When it came, it came hard. The world went dark, there was nothing left but Bay and the explosive, exquisite feelings shuddering through him. His knees gave out and together they slid down the wall into a twisted heap of tangled arms and legs. Her hair wrapped around his fingers, her head on his shoulder, they gasped for air as their racing hearts beat as one. 

Several minutes later, when the cramp in his leg began to demand attention, Tuck slowly came back to himself. Bay was still wrapped around him, one of her feet tucked under his butt causing that to start to cramp as well.  Bay... dear god he’d just... with Bay.

Slowly and carefully he began to try to untangle himself from her. Once she realized he was moving, she started to help him. He saw as soon as the knowledge of what they’d done hit her. The tension was back immediately, but this time it wasn’t a pleasant tension. It took some maneuvering separate from each other.

Bay immediately grabbed her clothes from the floor and shot into the bathroom. Tuck jerked on his clothes and got out of the apartment as fast as he could. Shame and remorse filled him. How could he face Clarice now? She had so much to get through. She needed him to be strong, not to fall into another woman’s arms. Cursing, he slammed into his truck and headed for home.

- 4 -

Bay lay in her loft bed watching the dawn break over the town. Even after being Acting Sheriff for a month, and consequently on day shift, it was still strange to sleep at night again. She was still much more used to seeing dawn from inside a patrol car, not from her bed. Sifting and starting to move to get up and start her day, she paused as a sudden wave of nausea rose from her middle.

Laying back, she laid a hand on her stomach. The nausea seemed to flow away. Weird, she thought and started to rise again. As soon as she sat up, it was back and hit in force. Racing down the narrow, steep stairs as fast as she dared, Bay barely made it to the bathroom. She wretched into the toilet, one hand holding her hair back, the other braced on the wall.

Her stomach empty, she wet a cloth and wiped her face and rinsed her mouth with water. Her knees were still weak and she stepped back to slide down the wall. Sitting on the floor, she rested her head against her knees. 

What the hell was this? She wondered. Thinking back over what she ate yesterday, trying to decide if maybe she had food poisoning. Bay was never sick. She hated to be sick and so she refused to get sick. She was healthy, strong, she simply didn’t do sick. 

Her stomach quickly settled. It seemed that whatever had made her sick was evidently now flushed away down the toilet. After a shower, she felt fine. In fact she weirdly felt good for having started off the day so dramatically. Shrugging it off to some strange quirk, Bay went on about business. 

After waking up for the fifth morning the exact same way, Bay could no longer deny there was something wrong. What was confusing her the most was that after heaving up her guts then taking a hot shower, she felt fine. In fact mostly for the rest of the day she felt really good. While this was most certainly not the way she wanted to start every morning, it was hard to admit that something might be wrong with her. 

That morning when she swung into Mamie’s Diner for a quick breakfast, Bay was surprised to find Flossie sitting at a table alone. Grabbing a chair across from the woman, Bay sat and reached to grab a melon ball from the little bowl in front of Flossie. She got the expected hand smack and pretended to be hurt.

“What are you doing here so early? I never see you up and around this time of the day.” Bay laughed.

“Just because you don’t see me don’t mean I’m not up and around, as you say.” Flossie groused back.  She picked up her coffee and looked at Bay, then paused and studied Bay’s face, a slight frown materializing. 

But Bay was looking around the diner, a frown deepening on her own face. Wrinkling her nose she asked, “What is that smell? That is foul.”

Flossie carefully set down her coffee, her sharp eyes pinning Bay back into her chair. “That’s bacon you smell. Same thing a body always smells here in Mamie’s.” Pushing her nearly empty plate aside, she clasped her hands on table top, her eyes never leaving Bay’s face. “Normally I mind my own business, but I got issues with this.”

Concern and a streak of fear went through Bay. “Issues?” Flossie was never at the diner in the mornings but here she was. Bay was terrified she was about to hear Flossie say she was leaving her job, retiring, something she really didn’t need right now. She’d just released the new midnight guy to patrol on his own but Flossie ran the office, no way could she lose her now.

Flossie’s lips tightened into a firm line. “I know plenty of women that raise a child on their own for one reason or another. But you, you’re supposed to be better than that. You got to be an example to all these young girls growing up and admiring you for being in a respected position like you are.”

Bay was at a complete loss. She blinked at the older woman a couple of times before asking, “What?” A new fear skittered down her back, was Flossie losing her mind? 

“I really thought better of you Bay Lopez. Unless you got some real good reason why you’re carrying. But really, if you’re being a surrogate or something that’s about the dumbest most irresponsible thing you could do. Might not be much crime around here but you should be thinking of all the possibilities. You could get that baby hurt.” Flossie started to gather her things to leave.

“Wait, wait, wait.” Bay held up her hand to stop her from leaving, panic causing her heart to start to race. “Flossie what are you talking about? Are you feeling okay? Do you need a doctor?” Her concern for Flossie was through the roof now, fear starting to coat her insides with an icy cold.

Flossie stopped and glared at Bay. “Are you going to try to deny you’re pregnant?”

Bay went stock still. The icy fear turned into a stunning cold of shock. Her body felt frozen, unable to move, her stomach rolled over and she momentarily wondered if she was going to hurl right there in the remains of Flossie’s breakfast. Pregnant. She frantically thought, searching for the knowledge of when her last period was.

With her normally tanned skin tone slowly leaching into a snow-white paleness, Flossie sat and stared at her. Bay’s lips were stiff with shock, “What?” she whispered. Then had the memory of the last time she’d asked that single word question of someone. That memory of the heat, the passion, however brief it may have been was all the confirmation she needed.

When she nearly slid boneless onto the floor, Flossie paused. “You didn’t know?” As Bay shook her head, she watched Flossie’s ire drain. “Well. Now you do.”

Bay only nodded, her brain too overloaded for her to speak coherently. 

Flossie drummed her fingers on the table top. “You gonna’ tell me who’s the daddy?”

Frantically Bay shook her head no, pony tail swinging like mad. Fear once again shot through her at anyone having that knowledge. 

“Alright. I will apologize for the things I said. I don’t normally jump to conclusions like that.” Bay knew her eyes were nearly bugging out of her head. Flossie had just apologized. There were way too many emotions and thoughts going through her, she just couldn’t keep up. “I can see now you didn’t know. It’s obvious you weren’t expecting that to happen.” Once again Flossie’s mouth firmed up before she spoke again, “There are options though. Not that I approve of them, but I could maybe understand the need.”

Options. Once Bay realized what Flossie meant, she immediately shut those thoughts down. While she too could understand the need in an extreme situation, and in some ways this was an extreme situation, it wasn’t an option for her. Laying a hand over her flat stomach, she knew for certain that she was carrying Tuck’s child and nothing would keep her from allowing harm to come to this child.

“I...uh.” She stopped and cleared her throat. “I’m sorry Flossie. I really didn’t know, didn’t expect this at all. I never thought...” obviously I didn’t think. Bay took a deep breath, “The only option is to figure out how to fit a baby into my apartment and a baby seat into the patrol car.”

Flossie leaned back in her chair and looked Bay over. It seemed that she came to some decision. Giving Bay a brief nod, Flossie went back to gathering her things. “If you need to know what all you gonna’ need, go see Beth Ann Roberts. She’s got two babies in diapers and can tell you anything you need to know.”

While Bay immediately dismissed the thought of going to anyone else for baby information, she also realized that she knew nothing about babies and certainly nothing about how to be a pregnant Sheriff. Picturing herself with a bulging belly and taking down old drunk Scotty Brooks had her scooting from her chair and heading back to the office. She had a budget to look at and a Commission Council to convince that she needed another officer. 

The next weeks passed in a flurry for Bay. Miraculously, she found a grant for small counties that paid for another police officer. They qualified easily and the Council had no qualms with approving it as it was hardly going to cost them anything. Now, she just had to hire someone to help once she was unable to work the streets.

She went back to Fayetteville for the doctor’s appoint to confirm what she already knew. She was pregnant. At least she was able to give an exact date for conception; information that her new doctor chuckled at.

Thankfully, the morning sickness passed quickly. Bay decided that other than the smell of bacon making her nauseous, she actually felt great. She’d made adjustments to her work outs, but kept as active as she possibly could. Her biggest concern remained over how to explain becoming pregnant when she wasn’t even dating anyone. 

She’d had several amusing ideas on the matter, but even knowing time was running out and a response was going to be required, she had yet to come up with anything. One day, Joby had brought news of Tuck and Clarice from Little Rock and Bay felt a sharp twinge of remorse. While the man deserved to know about the baby, it sounded like Clarice wasn’t doing so well and the last thing Bay wanted to do was take his attention away from her. 

Luckily for her, she managed to make it over five months before the growing belly was undeniable.  Surprisingly, there weren’t many who questioned her on it. Not like she had expected. When talking to Joby about it, she found Flossie was the reason. The old grump had spread the word that Sheriff Lopez was pregnant and if anyone wanted the details to come ask her about it. Not surprisingly, no one was willing to ask Flossie about Bay’s pregnancy.

Late one afternoon, Bay was in her office working through a mound of paperwork when Roy shouted for her. Roy never shouted and he never got excited, so after a momentary shock, Bay bolted for the front desk. The big man was hovered over the radio mic, scratching furiously on his dispatch log. 

“Joby’s at the Moore place. Vernon’s gone crazy. He’s got his gun out and he’s shooting up the place. Melody’s on the phone hiding in the pantry.” Roy looked up at her, his eyes worried. “He’s gonna’ find her Bay. He’s gonna’ kill her.”

She clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Not if I can help it. Call Dave in. It’s his day off and he should be awake. Don’t bother with Cory, we’ll need him to work later. Then call the State. The chances of them having anyone in the area are slim but try anyway.” Turning to the map on the wall behind Roy’s desk she pointed to it. “Tell me where the Moore’s are.”

Two minutes later, Bay was running out of the building. Sliding into her SUV, she flipped on the emergency lights and sirens and peeled out of the lot. She kept an eagle eye out for the rubberneckers and gawkers to make sure no one stopped or slowed in front of her. It was just so unusual for any of the officers to run code that instead of people moving out of the way, they would stop and stare instead.

The Moore place was about as far from any of the towns as a person could get. It was going to take her a solid twenty minutes to get there. Joby had taken refuge behind a barn, not daring to try to enter the house alone. Praying softly under her breath, she asked God to keep the deer and other wildlife away from the roads while she drove like a maniac and to keep a young girl from being found by her psycho father. 

Bay hadn’t had a lot of dealings with the Moore’s. The old man, Vernon lived way out in the woods with only his daughter. Bay wasn’t even sure how old the girl was. He didn’t allow her to go to school, instead claiming her to be home schooled. Joby had said the man had been in one of the wars and come back “messed up.” His wife had run off, but for some reason, left the girl behind. 

She made the trip in sixteen minutes. After some serious bouncing along the old rutted back roads, she promised her old SUV an alignment if it would just hold together and get her there. Shutting down the siren and lights before turning into the drive, she pulled in and parked, blocking the drive from anyone leaving. 

Getting out of the vehicle, she opened the back and pulled out a bullet proof vest. She was strapping it on, struggling to fit it over her round belly when Joby appeared. She could hear the gunshots and a man yelling from inside the house. “Which are you more comfortable with, duty weapon or shotgun?”

Joby stuttered before answering. “Shotgun I guess.”

Jerking her head to the case secured inside the vehicle she said, “Grab it.” It was early winter and a little cool, but Bay could clearly see the man sweating. While he fumbled with the case to pull out the weapon and load it, Bay took out her service weapon and flipped off the safety. She paused and got Joby’s attention. “Are you going to be able to do this? Tell me now. Can I trust you to follow me in there?”

Joby swallowed hard, but nodded. “I’m with you, Sheriff.”

Bay stepped to the side and surveyed the yard. It was overgrown and littered with trash, but for the most part, wide open. There would be no shelter as soon as they stepped from behind the vehicle. Reaching in for the radio mic, she set it for speaker. 

“Mr. Moore this is the Hill County Sheriff. I need you to lay down your weapon and come out of the house.” Her voice projected loudly across the yard. She saw the ragged curtain over a front window twitch.

A shadow behind the curtain spewed obscenities before the window exploded outward from a blast of rifle. 

Pursing her lips, she looked at Joby. “That went well, don’t you think?” He snorted out a laugh and they heard the distant sound of siren. “That’s either the State boys or Dave.”

“Better hope its State. Dave can’t shoot the side of a barn.”

“Thanks for that, Joby. That was just what I needed to hear.” Bay glared at him. “Any idea where this pantry is that Melody is supposed to be hiding in?”

Joby shook his head. “No one I know of has ever been in that house.”

Turning back, Bay tried to talk to Mr. Moore again. She got the same result, only this time he shot the front door, blowing it wide open. She decided that was actually handy as now she had a line of sight into the house. The approaching siren abruptly cut off and she turned to see Dave turning in the drive, but was happier to see the State car right behind him.

She directed Dave to park to the side and let the State guy do his thing. Dave wasn’t in uniform and she didn’t care, he just got out of his car and pulled out his shotgun without even asking. The State man introduced himself as Trooper Foster, a young lean man who never blinked at seeing a pregnant Sheriff teamed with two older deputies.

After a quick discussion, it was obvious to Bay that Trooper Foster considered himself the one in charge. She let him. She also let him take on Mr. Moore with Joby and Dave as back up while she circled the house looking for a back door with the hope of finding the girl.

Trooper Foster took her radio mic and she headed around the barn. Circling the yard was going to take her a few minutes as she had to go wide in order to stay behind cover. The house wasn’t big and she thanked the stars when she saw there was a rickety back porch with a back door. There was more shooting at the front of the house and she hoped like hell the Trooper and her boys were okay and keeping the man occupied. 

Staying low had new meaning with her new belly, but Bay managed to get to the back door. A volley of shots sounded in the front so she took her chance. Opening the door she found a kitchen. There was an archway into the front of the house, but a door that she hoped was the pantry to the side.

Moving as quickly and quietly as possible, she moved to the door and knocked very softly. “Melody,” she whispered.

There was a quiet cry from inside. 

“Come on, let me get you out of here.”

The door slowly opened and Bay found an older teen girl peeking out. Not saying anything, as it had suddenly become quiet in the house, she gestured to her, slowly moving back to give her room. The two had just started across the kitchen when Vernon appeared in the archway.

“What the..? Who are you? Get away from her?” He raised his rifle and Bay didn’t think. Two shots later, Vernon lay in a pool of spreading blood, two small holes in his forehead, her service gun warm in her hand.

The Trooper, now much paler than he had been, raced through the house. He came to a sudden halt at seeing the dead man, Bay and the crying girl standing in the kitchen. She quickly and efficiently removed the clip from her gun, secured it, and handed it to the Trooper. He looked confused.

Bay sighed. “Trooper Foster, I have discharged my weapon, killing this armed individual. You are the State’s man on scene. I turn in my weapon to you until a full inquiry is complete.”

“You’d think a fancy State guy would know that.” The ever quiet Dave grumbled before leaving the house. 

A quiet sob brought Bay’s attention back to Melody. Grabbing her hand she pulled the girl from the house out on to the back porch. Bay knew she couldn’t leave, not for a while yet, but she could get Melody out of the house and away from the man on the floor.

They sat on the steps looking out into the trees beyond the house. Bay let the girl cry for a bit before speaking. “So. Talk to me. Tell me what happened.”

Melody sniffled. “He just went crazy.”

“Why? What set him off?” Bay kept her voice calm and quiet.

The girl shuddered hard. “The baby died,” she whispered.

An uneasy feeling started to make its way up Bay’s back. “Who’s baby?”

Melody stared at the distant tree line. “Mine. He made me bury her out there.”

Reaching for Melody’s hand, Bay grasped it tightly. “Who was the baby’s father?”

Soft green eyes swimming in tears looked at Bay. With a small jerk of her head back at the house she said, “His.”

Bay took a deep, calming breath to make sure she could keep her voice calm, even though her heart was breaking over this girl’s pain. “How long’s he been using you?”

“Since mama left.” Melody looked back at the trees. “He said it was my duty since she was gone.”

Rage filled Bay and it took all she had not to blow her top and go take a few kicks at the dead body behind her. Taking a minute before speaking again she asked, “How many babies have you buried out there?”

“Two.”

They heard the footsteps of someone coming around the side of the house. Bay looked over at Joby. “Coroner’s on his way. So’s the little Trooper’s Sergeant, as it seems he doesn’t know what to do now.” 

“I do love me the State guys.” Bay said sarcastically. She gave a little jerk of her head to get Joby to leave her alone with Melody again.

“How old are you Melody?”

“Nineteen. Daddy said he was gonna’ let me get a job this next year but I didn’t believe him. He never let me go anywhere.”

“Do you have any other family?”

Melody shook her head. “Not that I know of.” She looked at Bay again and licked her lips nervously. “Can I tell you something and you not arrest me?”

“Of course. You can tell me anything you want. No one is arresting you, not today and not for anything you’ve done before today”

“Mama didn’t leave. She’s buried out there too. With my babies.”

Bay couldn’t say she was shocked. “Did he kill her?”

Melody shrugged. “I don’t know. It happened while I was at school. The last day I ever went. I came home and he told me she was dead and made me help him dig the grave. She was all wrapped up in a sheet so I never saw her, really.”

The sound of a vehicle pulling up brought Bay to her feet. “Come on, sit in my patrol car.” Melody followed without a sound.  Vehicles soon flooded the place. The Coroner, which was also the local funeral director, more State Patrol cars and the beginnings of the curious. Bay got to work assigning Joby and Dave crowd control, shot orders to everyone standing around.

Bay found Sgt. McCormick much more knowledgeable than Trooper Foster. In minutes her report had been given, she learned about the exchange of gunfire between the deceased and her deputies. Sgt. McCormick decided it best to let her handle any investigation on weapons used by her Department as none made contact with Moore, and took possession of her weapon himself. He assured her that she’d have it back as soon as he could manage it.

Over an hour had passed before all that was left was the Hill County Sheriff Department. There was no way to secure the house with the windows and door shot out, but since Bay wasn’t going to allow Melody to stay there anyway, she didn’t think it would matter. In the hour of barking orders, answering questions and the baby inside her playing soccer on her bladder, she come up with an idea.

Opening the door to her vehicle where Melody still sat, she looked at the girl. Her long brown hair was tangled but looked clean, her clothes were faded, patched and ill fitting but also mostly clean. “Got any plans now? Where to go, what to do?”

Melody only shook her head. She looked blankly around the yard. “There’s no where to go.” She turned to look at Bay. “I don’t want to go back in there,” her voice quivered.

Bay leaned against the side of the SUV, her belly still fairly small but sticking out prominently. “So you’ve had babies. How long did you get to take care of them?”

“Daisy would have been a year old in a few weeks. The other one, she died right away.” A tear slid down Melody’s face.

Bay laid a hand on the girl’s knee. “No one should have gone through what you have. Not at your age and not alone. But now you have a choice. You can let this life swallow you up or you can rise above it and stand on your own.”

“What do you mean?”

Turning to face her, Bay wanted Melody’s full attention. “I’ll be hatching out my own egg here in a few more months. I’ve never had baby. I have no idea what to do with a baby. I’m the Sheriff, I can’t exactly take the baby to work with me.” A small smile fluttered around Melody’s lips. 

For some reason, Bay trusted the girl, despite all that she’d been through. Some would think it impulsive, but she always trusted her gut. “I live in an apartment over the hardware store. It’s got this weird little apartment right next to mine that I pay for but have no use for. It won’t be much, but see I’m going to need someone to take care of this kid while I’m at work.”

She waited while the words took root in Melody. A fearful sort of hope began to bloom in the pretty green eyes. “You would let me live there and take care of your baby?”

“I can’t pay you much. But I already pay for the place and the utilities are all on me too. There is one requirement though.”

“What’s that?” Melody whispered, holding her breath.

“There are GED classes two nights a week at the Courthouse. You’d have to go them. And get your diploma.”

A choked sort of laugh escaped from Melody. “That’s it? That’s all?”

Bay tried to look serious and only nodded. Inside she was doing cartwheels at the thought that her idea was going to work. This girl needed a chance to live and maybe, just maybe she could help her do so. “Some days will have long hours. You’ll be stuck alone with a baby all day.”

“That’s okay! I love babies!” She burst out. Bay saw the girl have some sort of thought that made her stop. Melody bit her lip before tentatively asking, “Do you... do you think that maybe someday, I mean after your baby is grown and doesn’t need me anymore, that maybe... I could go to college? Be a teacher? Or something?”

Bay felt the “click” inside her that told her this girl was going to be okay. Nodding she smiled. “Of course. After getting your GED we can start you off at the college extension that has classes at the Courthouse.” Melody looked confused and Bay realized that she probably didn’t know what a college extension was. There would be time for that later though. Jerking her head at the house she asked, “Is there anything you want from in there?”

“No.” Melody said immediately but then paused. “Well, wait there is one thing. If you wouldn’t mind.”

“Anything you want you can have. If you don’t want to go in just tell me and I’ll get it.”

Squaring her shoulders Melody stood from the truck. “I can get it. I need to go get it.”

Bay stepped back and let her go. 

Later at the apartment, Melody stood in stunned silence when Bay showed her the tiny space. Before she could worry that Melody would freak over the small apartment, the girl flung her arms around Bay and hugged her tight. 

“This is mine? All mine?”

Pulling back, Bay nodded. “I told you it was small. But yeah, it’s all yours. You can sleep on my couch next door until we get you a bed.”

Melody actually looked disappointed at not getting to stay in her own place, but was wise enough to know that the bare apartment would be pretty uncomfortable. Bay was determined to have the place outfitted at least with the basics as fast as she could. If she knew one thing about the town of Miller Springs, it was that the people looked out for each other and that Melody would soon have more “family” than she knew what to do with.

- 5 -

Tuck sat on the edge of the bed holding Clarice’s frail, cold hand. It seemed that no matter what he did, she was never warm enough, never completely comfortable. “You should have stayed in the hospital.”

He felt her sigh. “I want to be in my home when I die, not some cold hospital. Please, Tuck, you promised me.”

The beautiful blue eyes that used to be so warm were now dim shadows in her thin face. The luster was gone, replaced with a distance that he simply couldn’t breach. She’d given up. The treatments hadn’t worked and she was home only to die. The knot in his throat wouldn’t let him speak so he only nodded.

“You should go see Bay. See if you can get back on the force.” 

Tuck nodded again. He’d go see Bay but not to ask for a job. No one knew better than he that there was no job for him with the Hill County Sheriff Department. Four men was all the budget could handle. 

At the sound of the doorbell, he left Clarice to answer it. Soon, the house was cluttered with chattering women there to care for Clarice and keep her company. It was what she wanted. To spend the time she had surrounded by friends and family. Tuck left them to it.

For a while in Little Rock things had been good. He and Clarice were happy, her treatments were going well and life was okay. But then she started getting tired. More tired than she should have. The doctors ran more tests and the results seemed to take the life right out of Clarice. Sometimes Tuck wondered if it took his, too.

He’d spent so much of his life alone that when he married Clarice, it seemed he’d gained new life, new hope for a future with someone at his side. So quickly, it had all turned dark and dim. A heavy cloud settled over him and it seemed to be there to stay. He’d had Clarice for such a short time, and now he was looking at being alone once more. 

He made the rounds that morning; the church, the funeral home, the attorney that handled his affairs. Each place he left his mood darkened even more if it was possible. Tuck was feeling low and mean by the time he reached the Sheriff’s office. As he stared at the familiar building, he wondered why he was even there. He knew there was no job here; his only hope was to wait until the next election over a year away to try to get back in. 

With a heavy sigh, he shoved out of his truck and in through the front door. Seeing Roy sitting in his usual spot with the same slouch and hang dog look on his face was best thing Tuck had seen in months. “Hey, you old miserable son of a gun,” he said by way of greeting.

Roy looked up, a smile lifting the corners of his mouth before he remembered why Tuck was back. The two men exchanged greetings and handshakes but the atmosphere was subdued. Tuck was starting to get tired of the depression everywhere he went, this was his place and he didn’t want this feeling to be here as well.

“Sheriff around?”

“In the back.” Roy jerked his head toward the jail area. 

Tuck headed around the desk and couldn’t stop himself from peeking into his old office. It looked exactly the same as if he had just left it yesterday. He found that a little strange as he’d assumed Bay would have made some changes. With a shrug he continued to the back.

As soon as he saw her, the electricity zapped through the air. With a rueful grin, he thought to himself that at least that part hadn’t changed. She stood with her back to him, leaning against the counter. Her long black hair, in its usual pony tail, seemed longer than it had been a few months ago. 

He saw her stiffen suddenly. Keeping her body mostly turned away from him, she looked over her shoulder at him. Tuck could see the quick surprise as well as the tension that sprang into her eyes. Wondering about it, he walked closer and leaned against the counter as well. “Hey. How’s it going?”

Bay took her time answering. She seemed to be studying his face for something before she finally nodded. “All’s good. How long you been back?”

“Got in last night.”

“Clarice?” Her voice held many questions in the single word.

Tuck looked toward the empty jail cells to gather his thoughts. “She’s out of time.” He managed that much before his throat closed up as it did when he tried to talk about his wife.

“I’m sorry.” Bay started and then stopped. She turned back away from him.

He appreciated that she didn’t try to placate him, offer sympathy. He got that everywhere he went and frankly it was getting old. “So uh, I know it’s pointless to ask, but got any openings for an officer?”

Bay surprised him by snorting out a laugh. “Well, actually I just closed the application deadline for a new officer yesterday. But for you I think I could make an exception and let you sneak one in.”

Frowning Tuck asked the back of her head, “Did someone leave? How do you have an opening?”

“Got a grant. Took a little longer to get all the red tape cleared than I wanted, but we’ve got the green light to hire. I gotta’ get someone going ASAP.”

More confused than ever Tuck wondered, “Why? What’s the rush?”

He saw Bay square her shoulders and stand up straight. She finally turned to face him. Now he was completely confused when he saw she’d shoved a ball under her shirt. What the hell was she up to? At a loss he only looked at her, with the question clearly on his face.


Bay simply laid a hand on the bulge under her shirt. It hit him with the force of a sledge hammer. Baby. That’s not a ball, it’s a baby. His eyes jerked up to hers and it was all he needed to see. Immediately the memory of their encounter, the blast of heat that filled him and he knew. 

Shaking his head he slowly backed away. “No.” This wasn’t possible, this wasn’t happening, Tuck couldn’t breathe, he had to get out, get away. He saw the acceptance in Bay’s eyes, saw her nod and give a small sad smile before turning away. She walked around him, headed back to her office, leaving him standing there gasping for air.

He stumbled for the back door, desperate to get outside. As soon as he did, he gulped in great breaths of air until he was nearly lightheaded. Slumping back against the side of the building, his mind a raging whirl of thoughts, denials and pure panic. 

The memories rolled over him like a steamroller, leaving him no time to breathe. His mother, her own bulging belly, the brief span of happiness. The delicate pink baby with her little fluff of hair he had found so fascinating. So quickly it had changed. The fighting, the anger, the accusations, the baby’s fearful crying; it had all started again. He only wanted to comfort her, stop her crying, make her feel better. But his hands were too big, she was too small and the fighting this time was too violent. 

He remembered seeing his mother in a pool of blood on the floor; his father standing over her, still raging at her. Tuck had to keep the baby quiet, couldn’t let daddy turn the anger onto her. He had done his best to keep her quiet. When she had been still for too long, no more wiggles, no more struggles, he hadn’t understood. When his father turned to him, never in his life had he felt such fear.

Suddenly a shadow fell over him bringing him back to the present. He looked up to find Flossie standing there, a harshly disapproving look on face. She put her hands on her ample hips and looked him up and down. “Well you just confirmed that suspicion. At least she didn’t pass out when she figured it out. Big man, you are.” The sneer and contempt in her voice surprised Tuck enough to cut through the fear.

“But... What...? Oh god.” Tuck was totally afraid that he really was going to pass out, right at Flossie’s feet.

The sudden heavy smack of Flossie’s huge purse up against Tuck’s shoulder nearly knocked him on his ass. “Get it together man. You’re an embarrassment to men everywhere. You’re wife is dying and another woman is having your baby.”

Tuck felt his stomach drop to the ground. “Oh sh-” Another slam of Flossie’s purse knocked Tuck a few steps to the side.

“Don’t you curse in front of me, Tucker Adams. I thought better of you. Thought you were a man of honor. Guess I was wrong.” Flossie sailed into the building leaving him speechless.

Tuck started slowly walking around the parking lot. His thoughts racing, he fought to calm down and think clearly. Taking long deep breaths, pacing and staring up at the early summer sky Tuck forced himself begin to settle. As long as he kept away the memory of how Bay’s baby was made, he found he could think. Those thoughts, though, of the heat and the frantic release, that had to be kept in the box. At least for now.

Bay was pregnant. With his child. The enormity of that alone was nearly more than he could handle. Never, ever, had he wanted a child but the lack and thought of protection had created one anyway. There was no denying it.  

Clarice was dying. She needed him. She needed him strong and whole and able to handle her death. Forcing himself to think, he quickly considered the time frame. Bay was only about six months along. The doctors had said Clarice had only about a month. 

Scrubbing his face with his hands, he turned to find Joby standing and watching him. It took only one look at his old friend’s face to see the disappointment, the near contempt. Tuck shook his head. How the hell had things gone so wrong, gotten so messed up?

Walking toward Joby, Tuck felt like the lowest scum of the earth. Facing his friend, he could only say, “I didn’t know.”

Joby paused before answering. “I figured. Wasn’t positive it was you until I saw you out here.” Anger started to chase away the disappointment from Joby’s face. “How could you do that to Clarice? That sweet woman. She’s sick and you go and -” Joby bit off his words and turned away.

Tuck had never seen him this angry, this upset. With a deep sigh he the words broke like a dam overflowing, “I know. I had just found out about her cancer. I was upset, freaked out. I was stupid. I took advantage of Bay. I needed comfort and she was there. But I can’t change it, no matter how much I might want to.”

The big man considered for a bit. “I guess. I can’t excuse it like that. It’s what you do now that makes a difference.”

A surprised laugh escaped from Tuck. “Do? What I do? Man, I’m so confused and freaked out right now I have no idea what to do.”

Joby smiled a little. “Good.” He jerked a thumb toward the building, “That little woman in there, she’s been amazing. She’s more man than damn near any man I ever known. You could learn a few things from her.” He slapped Tuck on the shoulder and headed inside to go to work. 

When Bay came out a few minutes later, the sight of her pregnant belly was still a punch to his gut. Bracing himself against the shock, he approached her. “Look -”

Bay held out her hand and stopped him. “I didn’t tell you. I could have. But I made the decision not to because of Clarice’s illness. By the time I heard you were coming back, it was too late to try to contact you to give you a head’s up. If that was the wrong decision, then I’ll take full responsibility.”

Well, that took the wind out of his sails. Everything Tuck had just prepared to say scattered like leaves in the wind. He attempted to regroup. “Uh. Well. Right now, I really don’t know how I feel about it but that probably was a good decision. But I’m not sure. Um. I hate to ask but, does anyone know that I’m... you know.”

“The father?” Bay smiled gently. “I haven’t told a soul anything. Flossie, she figured it out… can’t get anything past that woman. I know there are rumors but everyone here has managed to keep them from me. So honestly, I have no idea what people really think.”

A small trickle of relief wormed its way through the panic and fear. The mental picture of all the chattering women he’d left with Clarice made him shudder to think of the rumors and stories she’d been told today. He’d have to decide and figure out how to tell her at some point and that left him shaky with a different kind of fear. 

Tuck found himself staring at the round ball shape sticking out in front of Bay’s body. He had a child. There was a baby in there, his baby. Some sort of weird warmth tickled the back of his neck at the thought. “Do you need...anything?”

Bay tilted her head to the side and studied him a bit. “Nope. There is absolutely nothing you need to do other than take care of Clarice, okay?” Her voice was firm enough to draw his attention from her belly. 

Frowning he started again, “But -”

Again she held up her hand cutting him off. “Nothing.” There was a snap in her black eyes to back up the terseness of the word. “Look, were you serious about the job?”

The fast change in subjects made him pause. “What? Oh the job. Yeah. I need a job.”

“Well, the pay won’t be what you were making, and I made an agreement with the school that whoever I hired would do some safety training there. Preparedness stuff. If you’re really interested then I’ll toss off the other applicants and give it to you.”

“You mean go into the school? Train the teachers? For what? What kind of safety?”

“As in, preparedness like for school intruders, kids that go nuts, that sort of thing.” Bay smiled. “You see, I’m going to be off work for a while in a few months. So whoever I hire will have to cover my shifts. That will happen this summer. Maybe by the time school starts up again this fall, I’ll be able to handle that part and the person I hire can cover shifts while I do.”

“You know, I could probably handle that better. I do remember you had the training in that area. I’ve only read articles and stuff on it. Seemed like something we didn’t really need here.”

“Well, the school board feels differently. In fact, they really liked the idea. So, they actually sweetened the grant pot a little to have an officer that worked more closely with the school.”

Tuck frowned. “Oh.” When he was Sheriff it never occurred to him to worry about school shootings, intruders or anything like that. A little niggle of jealousy that maybe Bay was turning into a better Sheriff than he had been pricked at him. 

“So, do you want the job or not?”

“Yeah. Yes. Uh we’ll work out the school stuff.” His attempt to be casual and not at all concerned with dealing with children didn’t escape notice.

Bay smiled and immediately the hairs on Tuck’s arms stood up and took notice. He silently cursed the weird electric connection between them. “I need to get home. Come in tomorrow morning and I’ll get you a bright, shiny, new badge. Oh and, there’s a special Council meeting just to swear in the new officer on Thursday so you don’t have to wait too long.” She turned and climbed into her SUV, still moving with a smooth grace even with the new body that should have been awkward. 

His brain on overload, Tuck went to Mamie’s Diner to grab some dinner for him and Clarice before heading home. He decided to say nothing of the baby unless Clarice did first. It seemed the safest way to go for now. 

Upon reaching home, he found there were still a few cars parked around. His gut clenched at having to try to clean out his own home of a bunch of women trying to help Clarice. But he needed some peace and he needed to be alone with his wife. Carrying the bag of take-out food, he pushed through the door.

He was greeted by two women standing in the kitchen cooking something that smelled wonderful on the stove. One broke away to take the bag from him, tucking the food away in the fridge. In few short minutes he found himself seated at an old card table and shaky chair set up next to bed in the bedroom. Another woman was fussing around Clarice, tucking pillows around her so that she could sit up better. 

The women served the hot meal and the quietly and quickly disappeared, leaving him and Clarice alone. Tuck sat staring at the food and then at Clarice, slightly confused as to how the women had moved so quickly and efficiently. They ate with little conversation, Clarice only picking at her food.

As Tuck was clearing up the dishes, she slid into sleep. He took a moment to shift her to a more comfortable position in the bed, tucking the blankets around her and even placing another over her legs to try to help her stay warm. The women had left the kitchen spotless and he felt bad about leaving dirty dishes in around, so Tuck washed up and put everything away.

He grabbed a beer out of the fridge and took it out on the back porch. He didn’t drink often, but tonight, he needed something to help him relax. Staring up at the darkening sky, Tuck leaned back in an old, wooden rocker he had there and thought back over the day. It had been an interesting one, that was for sure.

His life with Clarice was going to be over before it ever even got started. It wasn’t fair and it made him angry when he thought about it. He was a man who liked to be in control of his world, his life, and in this area he had absolutely none. It was infuriating to him. 

Bay was going to have his child. That still rocked him to the core. One time, just one time when he didn’t think and the one thing he never wanted to happen, happened. Again, there was nothing he could do to control the situation, not now, not at this point. 

Tuck desperately didn’t want to let go of Clarice. He wanted their life, their home; he wanted everything that was being denied to them. On the other hand, if she ever found out the truth about this baby, it would shatter her even more than the cancer had. 

He sat there, drinking his beer and thinking until late into the night. No answers came to him, only more questions, more worries, more concerns. When he finally dragged himself back in to go to bed, he discovered that he couldn’t bring himself to disturb Clarice, and so grabbing a pillow and blanket, sacked out on the couch instead. 

Over the next couple of weeks, they both managed to find a bit of routine. Women would show up at his door just as he was leaving for work and there’d always be two or three there when he got home. Slowly Clarice relaxed, and let herself be cared for by these women, friends, family and co-workers that she’d grown up with. 

Tuck worked the day shift with Bay. She took the office work and he the streets. He was surprised to find that he really liked the arrangement. The only paperwork he had to deal with was his own reports, and yet he was still out and about in the Community just as he always was. He discovered Bay to be a fair and competent Sheriff, just as he knew she would be, but she was also an intuitive and commanding leader of her employees. 

When he met the new guy, Cory, Tuck immediately felt the man too young and too enthusiastic for a job in such a small department. But Bay was firm yet gentle in her guidance and soon, Tuck realized the man was just what the Department needed: fresh, young blood. Tuck also found out that the young man was more than a little in love with Sheriff Bay and an immediate streak of jealousy shocked the hell out of him. 

His chemical reaction to Bay hadn’t changed at all, not even with her being pregnant. Anytime he was around her, the tingling up and down his entire body set him on edge. They would go to lunch together a couple times a week, and Tuck felt it was a near torture to endure. Deep inside he remembered her heat and fought the desire to taste her once again. 

They were sitting in Mamie’s when an unfamiliar young woman tentatively came over and looked to Bay. “Bay, can I talk to you a minute?”

“Sure Melody what’s up?” Bay sat down her sandwich and gave the girl all her attention.

The girl gave an embarrassed look towards Tuck but then held out a piece of paper to Bay. “Got a 98% on my history test.” Her face turned a bright pink and she nervously bit her lip, continuing she said, “I did it.”

Bay surprised Tuck so bad he gave a little jump himself when she let out a loud “whoop” and jumped from her chair, grabbing the girl and giving her a big hug. He noticed that while several other diners looked on with big smiles, no one seemed to find the behavior strange. He watched as the two hugged and Bay leaned back to take the girl’s face in her hands.

“I’ll make the appointment as soon as I’m back in the office.”

The girl’s eyes went wide. “Really?” The smile on her face was so huge and beautiful, Tuck could only stare.

“Really.” Bay gathered the girl’s long hair in her hands and held it up. “It’s gone, as much or as little as you want. This is for you Mel. Your choices all the way and no one else’s.”

With a quick clap of her hands, and a little jiggling dance, the girl announced, “I gotta’ go tell Cherie! Bye, I’ll see you at home, don’t work too late.” She spun and started for the diner but didn’t get far before others had stopped her and congratulated her so that it took a few minutes before she finally managed to leave.

Bay had sat back down and watched with pride as the girl spoke to each person in turn. She had a huge grin on her face when she finally looked back at Tuck to see the confusion written all over his face. Jerking her head toward the girl she said, “Melody Moore. No one knew her really except for a few school friends from years ago. Now she’s about to finish up her GED and has plans to start a college class or two. She’s amazing. And after a spa day and haircut in Fayetteville you really won’t recognize her.”

Frowning, Tuck leaned forward, “Melody Moore? Who’s that?”

“Vernon Moore’s daughter.” The light dimmed in Bay’s eyes as she remembered the day. Quietly she retold the story she’d had to tell several times over by now. She watched Tuck’s face and saw the range of emotions and found them more interesting than the story she told. 

“Anyway, I told her that if she got better than a 90% on this test I’d treat her to a spa day at that new place in Fayetteville. So, looks like you’ll have to cover for me one day soon.”

It was quiet for a bit after Bay finished. Tuck leaned forward, a dark frown on his face. “I never knew it was that bad. Had no idea the girl was still out there. Someone said he’d shipped her off to family somewhere else.” Bay read the anger as well as the pain in his face. “If I’d known she’d been out there alone with him...”

“No one knew for sure. It’s not your fault. And besides, it’s done now. She’s with me, she’s in school and she’s gonna’ care for this one for me when he gets here. Hell she takes care of me like a momma lion with a cub. Can’t hardly do anything at home these days that she’s not fussing at me.” She rubbed her round belly, bringing his attention to it.

“What do mean? Babysit?”

“More like a nanny really. With us practically living together, she’s right there. She’s even got two nurseries set up, one on her side and one on mine. Melody’s an incredible girl; she’s going to be just fine.”

“I hadn’t even thought...” Tuck rubbed his forehead.

“Well, don’t think.” Bay’s voice hardened. “This is my kid. My responsibility. I have everything taken care of.” She rose and headed for the register. 

Tuck watched her chat with old Connie behind the counter as she settled her bill. When Connie argued with Bay for a minute before waving a hand in the air, he smiled and watched. With Bay continuing to protest, Connie scooped up a piece of fresh apple cake and plopped it in a to-go container. Completely ignoring Bay, Connie handed it to her and shooed her out the door. With a silent chuckle, he rose to take care of his own bill. Some things in the town would never change, and that made him feel more at home than anything else had so far.

Clarice’s funeral was ironically scheduled for the last day school for that school year. After repeated requests from people in the community, Tuck set the time for just after school let out for the day. The school administrators worked with the parents and teachers, and so it turned into the largest funeral the County had seen in the history that anyone could remember. It didn’t soften the blow to Tuck’s heart.

While he had accepted Clarice’s fate, he had no idea that the reality would hurt so much. He’d found her when he’d gone in to wake her for the day. It had become a quiet, special time for the two of them, those early mornings. It was the only time they took for Tuck to hold her as they talked and shared local news and gossip. 

He knew as soon as he saw her face that she was at peace. His first thought was that she looked like an angel, all soft and blond and beautiful. It didn’t comfort him that she’d feel no more pain; that she’d only been waiting for it to come for the last week or so. Nothing comforted him, it seemed. There was only a cold darkness in the area around his heart and it didn’t seem to be in any hurry to go away.

All around him, people wept but claimed that it was for the best for Clarice. Tuck didn’t understand that. The best for her would have been to stay with him forever, to be his wife as she’d wanted for so long. His anger was nearly overwhelming and he wondered if he’d ever feel anything else.

The end of May was warm and green. Flowers bloomed profusely everywhere he went. Nature was growing, thriving while he dealt with placing his beloved in the cold, dark ground. All he really wanted to do was to run, to go, to scream, to beat the life out of something, anything, as long as it would relieve the depression and anger.

The ceremony was long and draining. Tuck just wanted it over. It seemed a thousand people came up to speak to him, to offer condolences. He spoke when forced to, out of politeness, clenching his teeth against the impatience, the anger. It seemed they would never stop coming. Finally, everyone began to clear away, but he remained unable to move from the chair. Sitting alone next to the pretty, gold colored casket he’d picked out just for her because it reminded him of her pretty, golden hair. 

He sat in a hard, metal chair, under a large canopy, the ground covered with a fake, green-grass outdoor carpeting that annoyed him. When he felt someone sit beside him he nearly groaned in frustration, why couldn’t they just leave me alone? 

“Most beautiful funeral I ever seen.” Flossie said quietly. 

Tuck closed his eyes in remorse for his mean thoughts toward whoever had sat next to him. Flossie didn’t deserve his ire. She’d been a rock for him, chasing off all the well wishers that visited his house every night. It seemed she was the only one who understood his desire to be alone.

“Sheriff Bay Lopez says you’re not to return to work for at least another week. I say that’s hogwash. She’s too close to her time to be working alone. So I say you need to get yourself together and get back to work.” 

The laugh that burst from Tuck surprised him. He hadn’t known he could laugh, not at anything. “I’ll need a few more days at least Flossie, sorry for that. I can’t live in that house, I got to find a new one.”

They sat in silence for a bit before Flossie spoke again. “Old man Baker has a rent house open over by the football field. No one stays there for long cuz of the noise. Don’t figure there will be any games until this fall though.”

“That little yellow one? Where that fat stinky guy used to live? What was his name? Donald? Donaldson?”

Flossie smacked him lightly on the arm. “That’s no way to talk about a man with a condition. But yes, that’s the house. It was Mr. Arnold Donald. Nice man, he just had an unfortunate odor.” 

“Arnold Donald, that’s it. Unfortunate name as well. Whatever happened to him?”

It was quiet again. Finally Flossie gave a sniff and shifted in her chair. “He died.”

Tuck dropped his head, “In the house, didn’t he?”

“I know for a fact that Mr. Baker hired that cleaning crew from Collinsville and they do a right good job. So don’t you even think of using that for an excuse, Tucker Adams.”

He looked over at the older woman and smiled. “Yes ‘mam. I’ll call Mr. Baker when I get back home.”

Flossie gave a sharp nod before standing. “Gotta be going myself. You don’t stay here too long now. These men got a job to do and you don’t need to stand in their way.” She nodded toward the funeral home owners that were talking quietly to each other over by the hearse that had brought Clarice to the cemetery.

After Flossie left, Tuck stood and moved toward the casket. He laid a hand on the top and said a quiet, final goodbye to the only woman he had ever loved. As he walked toward his pick-up truck, the birds were singing, the sun warm on his face. His mind began to fill with all the details he needed to take care of in the coming days. With one last lingering look back, he left the cemetery to start life over without his Clarice.

- 6 -

It was the Fourth of July and in Bay’s opinion, hotter than the depths of hell. Flossie assured her it was only because she was pregnant and felt the heat more than normal people. Flossie liked to tell the scariest old wives tales she could think of, or in Bay’s opinion, make up, about pregnant women. Bay had made a promise and would have happily sworn to in blood that she would never ever have sex again and risk getting pregnant again. This was hell, had to be, because it was so damn hot.

Feeling as mean as a cat that had its tail stepped on, she sat in her air conditioned office with a small desk fan blowing straight on her face and still felt like she was going to sweat out an entire lake. The parade was scheduled to happen in two hours and no matter what sort of protocol the Mayor demanded from the Sheriff, she just didn’t see herself moving from this spot. Tuck was just going to have to lead the parade and the other boys could block traffic. 

Cursing her long heavy hair for being so hot and giving her a headache, she searched around for a pair of scissors. She was cutting the stuff off, right here right now. Giving a shout of triumph when she found the old rusty pair, she held them in one hand and grabbed a handful of hair with the other.

“NO!” Tuck yelled. 

Bay jumped, managed to bite back the scream, and turned the scissors around to use a weapon all in the blink of an eye. Her eyes round, breath shaky she stared at Tuck who had nearly lunged all the way across her desk. “What are you doing?” She managed to whisper.

Tuck stared at the scissors pointed at his face. “I uh... you were going to...” 

She could see the confusion in his eyes and frowned. “I was going to chop off this freakishly hot blanket of hair.”

Bay watched, relaxing and becoming fascinated by slow pink color creeping up Tuck’s neck and face. He eased back away from her to sit in the chair across from the desk. “That’s sort of not what it looked like,” he growled. 

Tossing down the scissors, Bay glared at him. This whole baby thing was his fault. She was huge, hot, and waddled like a duck when she walked. Not to mention, tired. Bay didn’t know when she’d last gotten a full night’s sleep. Pointing to him, she narrowed her eyes, “You. You will lead this damn parade. You will tell the Mayor that I don’t care what he wants. This baby is a week late in coming, I’m hot and I’m not leaving this office or this fan. You can’t make me.”

Tuck knew better than to smile. Biting his tongue hard enough to keep that from happening, he nodded. Swallowing back any hint of laughter in his voice he answered, “Yes ‘mam. I’ll handle everything. In fact if you wanted to go on home, I’m sure me and the boys can handle this evening’s fireworks.”

“You’re damn right you’re gonna’ handle the fireworks, too. I’m not walking around that damn field in this heat. And I’m not going to the damn picnic before the fireworks either. But I will stay right here behind this desk outlining your schedule for working up at the school this fall.” Seeing the startled look in his eyes made her feel so much better. She had no intention of making him handle the school but it was her secret pleasure to not let him know that. Poking at him about it was her own little revenge for the soccer player inside of her. 

“Uh, yeah. Well, I guess I better head on up to the field for the parade line up. Some of those floats are pretty big. You, uh, well you might like to watch from inside. Parade will pass right in front of the office here.” Tuck eased from the chair looking for an escape.

“I know exactly where the parade is going to go, Tucker Adams. Didn’t I have to sit in those planning meetings while you didn’t?” Even Bay was beginning to think her case of the nasties was getting a little too nasty. She wanted to be alone in her misery. She wanted this person, this man responsible for her misery, out of her office. 

Tuck attempted to meet her angry stare and decided he had risked enough and took his leave. Bay could hear Roy’s chuckles and thought about sending some ire his way but then decided that would mean getting up and she wasn’t ready to do that. Leaning back and closing her eyes, she shifted in the chair, annoyed at the irritating pain in her back. 

If this kid didn’t get out of her soon... She sighed, and tried to relax. This was going to be a long day and she’d have to find a way to deal with it. Biting the heads off everyone that came near wasn’t going to make her feel better. Rubbing a hand over her mound of belly, she wondered idly how the kid could sleep when it was so hot. 

Melody came in just before the start of the parade. Bay sent another silent thank you to the stars for sending Melody to her. The girl had been a godsend, taking over almost all the cooking and cleaning for Bay. She managed a weak smile for her friend. “Hey, what’s up?”

“Come watch the parade with me.” Melody gently demanded. 

Bay couldn’t stop her smile from growing. The girl was truly lovely. At her spa day in Fayetteville she’d had her hair cut into a cute pixie that floated around her head. It made her eyes look huge and seemed to lighten up her entire being. She’d come completely out of her shell and was a vibrant, happy young woman. 

“Where’s Todd Douglas?” Bay asked with a smirk. The young man had been chasing Melody for the last month. 

A warm, pink glow eased over Melody’s face. “He’s riding on the church float.” Because of Melody’s past, she had a hard time believing that any man would be interested in her romantically, and it was especially difficult being that Todd attended church and was a “good kid” his whole life. 

Bay sighed, “You really going to make me get out of this chair?”

“Yes. You need to walk.”

Attempting to glare at Melody and failing, Bay replied, “I do walk. Every day I walk. It’s hot out there. I’m not going out there.” She had to admit that, even to her ears, she sounded like a petulant child. 

Melody totally ignored her and walked around to help her from the chair. When Bay stood, she automatically rubbed at the pain in her back. Melody caught the action and asked, “Back hurt?”

“Mmm. All damn day.” Bay groused. A huge smile lit Melody’s face. “What?” A confused Bay asked. 

“It could be a sign. You should stay close to town. Don’t go to the fireworks tonight.”

“Didn’t plan on it. Too damn hot.” The two moved to the front window, the sound of the school marching band rolling down the street. As the many floats slowly drifted by, even grumpy Bay had to admit that the parade was a really good one for such a small, rural area. Hill County might not be rich in money, but it was very rich in community and Country pride. 

That evening, Bay was a little surprised to find she was disappointed at not going to the big County wide picnic and fireworks. But she was so uncomfortable that walking around a huge field of people and being nice and sociable was simply not an option. She did stay in the office as they’d had several stop by to chat, report missing and lost items, and one a missing child that has escaped his mother. 

Deputy Cory slipped around the picnic early and put together a huge plate of food for Bay. He delivered it, and while she thanked him profusely, Bay found that no matter how tempting some of it looked, she was unable to eat anything. The nagging ache in her back hadn’t gotten any worse, but was wearing her out faster than usual. 

She was alone in the office with only Owen manning the desk when the fireworks started. She could hear the distant “pops” interspersed with louder “booms”. “Owen you’re missing it,” she called out. 

The younger man laughed and stood up from his chair. “Mind if I step outside to see?”

“No, go, I got the phone.” She saw him slip around the counter and out the front door. He didn’t go far, just to the edge of the street.

Bay was considering going to the break room for a bottle of water when Owen came rushing back in. “Sheriff, there’s a light flashing in Dob’s TV store. Like a flashlight.”

Instantly alert, she studied Owen. He wasn’t one to panic and with nearly the entire County at the fireworks, including all the deputies, it was the perfect time to hit up the little TV repair place which was packed with electronics, working and not. “He used to have a police scanner in there. Start with Tuck’s cell phone, you probably won’t get him. Call them all, each one until someone answers and only then, try radio. With the noise, it’s going to be hard to reach anyone.”

She stood and grabbed her gun belt. She had to fasten it ridiculously low under her belly, so she hardly wore it these days. Reaching for the huge oversized bullet proof vest, the only thing that would fit, she grimaced at putting it on and dealing with the heat. Heading for the door she asked, “You get anyone yet?”

Owen only shook his head, and dialed the next number on the list. 

“Try the State too. See if they have a car near. If they don’t, don’t ask them to send one.” Pushing through the front door, Bay attempted to not waddle as much as usual. Slowly working down the street, she could easily see the light bobbing in the store a few buildings away. “Bold.” she murmured to herself.

Pulling out her weapon and looking down at the overripe belly, she decided that it wasn’t a good idea for her to try to enter the store. Noting the strange car parked on the street nearly in front of Dob’s, she used her cell to call back the license information to Owen. There were no other cars nearby, no alcove to hide in, nothing between her and the bobbing flashlight in the store. There were brief flashes of light and lots of loud booms from the fireworks, though. Another cramping ache spread across her back and she thought, this is SO not a good idea.

Phoning Owen on her cell again, she asked if he’d managed to get in touch with anyone. His negative response brought on a bout of curses from Bay. She was getting anxious enough to send the man on foot down to the field at the edge of town just to find some help.

When the flashlight stopped moving suddenly, Bay tensed. Her mind scrambled over her options and she didn’t like any of them. She could let whoever was in there go and hope to trace them later through the car registration, or attempt to stop them now. With another quiet round of cursing, nearly drowned out by the sound of the fireworks, she decided to try. 

Crossing the street, she stood in front of the car and watched as the flashlight winked out. Old Dob was a stingy fool and never left lights on inside his shop so the building was nearly pitch black. The meager light from the street lamps didn’t reach into the building at all. Bay wondered what sort of a stand-off she might now be involved in as whoever was in there obviously saw her standing in plain sight. 

Sweat trickled down her back as she tried Owen again. He’d left messages on every deputy’s phone and thankfully, the fireworks were winding down. She could only hope someone checked their phone soon. Staring intently into the storefront, she tried to locate a person in among all the other shadows. 

A final, fantastic crescendo of lights and noise sounded the end of the show. Both Bay and the person in the store knew it was now or never. She braced and took a firm grip on her weapon just as the front door burst open. In the deathly quiet of the next few seconds, it seemed like time slowed down.

A fierce cramp shot around Bay’s back to her lower belly that took her breath away. Sudden knowledge of what was going on inside her slammed into her conscious. She was in labor, the baby was coming. Shock filled her as she met the scared and frightened eyes of the scrawny teen boy racing around to the driver’s side of his car. 

“Stop!” she managed to yell. A sudden distant sound of siren filled her with relief but she knew the kid heard it too. “Come on buddy, let’s do this the easy way.” Bay struggled to keep her voice low smooth and strong. She couldn’t let the kid know just how bad off she was as another spasm of pain nearly took her to her knees. 

She saw him pause. She saw him actually think for a moment. But then the moment was over and the kid jumped into the car. Cursing, Bay raised her weapon in unsteady hands and pointed it low at the front of the vehicle. Please God, don’t make me shoot this kid.

Keeping her eyes on the scared teen, she shook her head “no” and silently mouthed the word, hoping against hope as he started the engine. The siren was closer, but not close enough. Another contraction hit and Bay dropped her stance, grabbing her stomach and fighting to stay on her feet. The kid took his chance and floored the car, swerving to avoid hitting her.

Bay was too close and unable to move fast due to her condition. She threw herself to the side, but the car still clipped her leg and hip. Attempting to cushion her belly in the fall, she hit the sidewalk hard on her other side in a haze of the most incredible pain she’d ever felt. Unable to move, she lay helpless on the street and felt the sudden rush of fluid leaving her body.

Tires screeched to a halt near her. Sudden shouting filled the air and more sounds of vehicles. Just trying to breathe through the pain, Bay knew she had to get up, get off the street, the baby was coming. Her legs wouldn’t work though, wouldn’t obey her commands to them to move. 

Hands gripped her shoulders, voices loud and demanding, she was unable to answer. In minutes she was surrounded by people, some she knew, some she didn’t. But the pain was sucking her down and causing a blackness to creep over her and she was helpless to stop it. 

-7-

When she woke up, Bay instantly knew she was in a hospital. The sterile smells, the beeps, the uncomfortable bed, all a dead giveaway. Starting slow, she attempted to move. Arms seemed okay, hands reaching for her belly where they found only a soft mound instead of the firm bulge of a pregnant belly. Fear slowly crept up her back. Trying her legs, she found the right encased in some sort of plastic, the left incredibly sore, but movable. 

Where was her baby?

A soft snore sounded from her right. Turning her head, she found Tuck sitting, his head at what had to be a most uncomfortable angle against the wall. She tried to call for him and managed only a weak croak as her dry throat closed up. Before she could get the energy to try again, the door to the room slowly eased open.  

A young, pretty nurse poked her head around and seeing Bay awake, grinned hugely. She disappeared quickly and Bay frowned in confusion. Tuck snorted in his sleep loud enough to jerk himself awake. It seemed to take a moment for his sleepy brain to register that she was awake but before he could say anything, the door pushed open wider and the nurse returned, pushing a small hospital baby crib.

“Someone’s been missing his mama,” she said in a warm soft voice. “Are you up to holding him? Maybe feeding him?”

“Him?” Bay croaked out, tears filling her eyes. Her baby was here, right here.

“Oh, here.” The nurse moved quickly to fill a clear plastic glass with ice water and pop in a straw. Lifting it to Bay with an encouraging smile, “You had quite an exciting time last night. Is this the first time you’ve seen your baby?”

Bay drank deeply from the icy water. It tasted faintly metallic but was the best thing she’d felt in days. The water slid coolly down her throat, seemingly spreading all through her body. Finally, she leaned back again, her eyes drawn back to the crib and the tiny, unmoving body. 

“You up for this? He’s sleeping right now but its feeding time and this one, he’s a bit demanding. We’ve had to give him formula so far but it’s up to you to keep it up or switch to the breast. 

Bay swallowed hard. It seemed her first real decision as a mother was here. A quiet little squeak came from the crib and the baby began to move. She felt Tuck move to her side and place a hand on her shoulder. Warmth from his hand flooded through her, but this time it was a gentle, healing warmth; encouraging. She nodded to the nurse and began to shift the bed into a sitting position.

Tuck and the nurse helped her to sit. She was now able to see that it was a cast on her leg and she had bruises all up and down her arms. Taking stock of all the aches and pains, Bay decided that it could have been worse, probably should have been worse, but the leg seemed to be the only thing broken. A quick discussion with the nurse and Tuck reaffirmed that her injuries were miraculously minor. 

The nurse handed her the tightly wrapped and squirming bundle and Bay fell in love. Touching a finger to the silky smooth cheek, Bay again felt her eyes fill with tears. A dusting of black hair covered his tiny head, his eyes so dark she knew they’d be black. But there, in the shape of his mouth, the curve of his chin, she saw Tuck’s features. 

Looking up at Tuck, Bay was surprised to see his eyes wet and full of emotion. Before she could speak, he nodded to her and left the room. Swallowing the sudden lump in her throat, she turned back to the baby. Reminding herself that she was the one who set the boundaries between them, Bay concentrated only on the baby.

She found the young nurse extremely helpful and informative and discovered the immediate bond that formed from feeding her child from her own breast. Bay was consumed with love for this tiny little creature in her arms. She counted fingers and after struggling briefly with the tightly wrapped blanket, counted toes as well and then cooed like a silly goose over how cute those tiny toes were.

Her first visitor was Melody. The young woman rushed in and held onto Bay tightly for a few minutes. When she raised her head, tears tracked down her face. Bay spent the next few minutes assuring her that she was okay, was going to be okay. When Melody voiced her feelings of guilt for leaving Bay alone, a short argument ended that. Bay refused for this tender woman to accept any sort of responsibility for her own choices.
 
It was from her that Bay discovered the harrowing tale of the baby’s birth in the back of an ambulance right on Main Street in Miller Springs. Everyone was talking about it; how the Sheriff caught the bad guy, survived getting hit by the guy’s car and then gave birth on the street. Bay felt nothing but complete embarrassment as Melody told the story.

Once finished, Melody turned suddenly shy. Ducking her head she picked up a gift bag sitting at her feet. “I uh, I have something for you. That is if you want it.”

Frowning Bay sent Melody a confused look. “Why wouldn’t I want something from you?”

Shifting uncomfortably, Melody took a moment before answering. “When I knew I was gonna have my first baby, I knew I didn’t have anything for a baby. Nothing. No blankets or clothes or anything. Daddy had made me pack up all mama’s clothes and put them in the attic. When he was gone one day, I went up and got some. I got some of her dresses and sweaters that I remembered her wearing.” 

Pausing Melody reached into the bag and pulled out a folded bundle of cloth. Shaking it out, she held up a small patchwork blanket. “So I made this. Out of her clothes. I put the sweater pieces on the back so it would be warm.” The girl held the blanket close to her. “My first baby, she didn’t get to use it really, but Daisy did. She loved it, carried it around with her. Daddy never figured it out, never even asked where it come from.”

Bay was more touched and amazed than she could have ever imagined. “Oh, Mel.” Reaching out to touch the blanket, Bay smiled gently. “This is what you went back for the day that you came with me?”

Melody only nodded, sniffling back tears. 

“I would be so, very honored to share this blanket with you. Because you made it. Out of love for your mother and love for the babies you had, even so briefly. I’m just blown away amazed that you’d want to use it, that it doesn’t bring back painful memories, though.” 

Melody smiled. “Not all the memories are bad. My Daisy was the best baby. You’ve given me so much, Bay, there’s no way I can ever repay you. So using this blanket for your baby… that would mean so much to me.”

“Here, help me switch.” Bay carefully pulled away the hospital blanket and together they tucked the baby into Melody’s patchwork one. “There, he likes it. He smiled.” She announced.

Melody laughed, “Bay, babies just born don’t smile on purpose.”

Bay pretended to send a fierce glare at her best friend, “I say he smiled so he smiled.” They broke out in laughter just as the door opened once more.

Flossie strode into the room and scowled at the laughter. “Hmph. Someone told me you broke your leg when you tried to stop a burglar by jumping on top of his car.” She sniffed, “I think that story getting passed around is a little exaggerated.” She plopped her own gift bag down on the end of the bed.

With a huge grin, Bay provoked the older woman, “Why Flossie, I didn’t know you cared.”

The large woman snorted but Bay could see the smile she was hiding. “Here.” She shoved the bag at Melody. “Give me that baby.” Gruff as she sounded, Flossie was incredibly gentle when she took the baby from Bay. Turning away and walking over to the window so they couldn’t see her smile, Flossie talked softly to the baby.

Melody reached in the bag and pulled out a soft blue crocheted baby hat and booties. On the hat was a tiny gold police badge patch that looked hand-made as well. The two exclaimed over the cuteness and thanked Flossie profusely. 

Turning back to Bay, Flossie demanded, “So, what’s this little man’s name?”

Bay’s mind went blank. Completely and totally blank. Staring huge eyed at Flossie she only shook her head. 

Flossie rolled her eyes and sighed down at the baby. Walking back to the bed she said to the baby, “Well kid, I hope you get a name before you start school. Be hard for the teacher to know what to call you without one.” She handed the baby to Melody, said her good-byes and left.

“So you didn’t pick a name?” Melody asked cuddling the baby close.

“Well, not really. I had a few I was thinking about.” Bay shrugged. She was a little worried herself about coming up with a name. Pretty stupid of her not to have one by now she thought to herself.

Melody noticed the time and exclaimed. “Oh! I wasn’t going to stay so long. I have class and I have to get back to town.” She handed the baby back to Bay, kissed both Bay and the baby’s cheeks and quickly left.

Alone again, Bay settled back and considered names while she watched her baby boy sleep.

- 8 -

Tuck strode into the Sheriff’s Department and went straight to Bay’s office. Even though she hadn’t changed anything in the office, it no longer felt like his. He could smell her, feel her, even hear her in the small space. Right now that was comfort to him. Sitting in his old chair, he felt her wrap around him. 

Never in his life had he been so scared as when he’d found her bleeding and broken on the street. He’d even had nightmares about it. Him, big bad Tucker Adams, having nightmares over a woman he truly didn’t know all that well. He and Bay hadn’t exchanged much personal information over the past year and a half because of that damned tension between them. 

He remembered standing in the doorway of the ambulance, nearly sobbing with fear for Bay as the medics worked to deliver the baby that refused to stay inside his mother. Even unconscious, Bay’s strength was amazing as the baby slid from her body. Tuck didn’t even know it was possible for an unconscious woman to give birth. Shaking his head he realized that no man could ever really know just how strong women could be.

His Clarice, who died slowly and painfully from the cursed cancer that took her,she never complained, never cried, never asked why. He never once heard her declare that it wasn’t fair, that she didn’t want to die. She just accepted her fate and dealt with it with more dignity than he’d ever seen from a person.

He was a father. He had a son. Amazement rolled over him as he remembered hearing that first little cry. And yet, he wasn’t a father. Tuck had no idea if Bay would even allow him into the child’s life. He wasn’t sure he had the right to be but he hadn’t counted on being there for the birth, seeing that tiny life be born, feeling the instant connection to his child.

Tuck had never wanted children. Was never going to have one and risk discovering his father’s meanness inside him. But thoughts of being without that child made him feel so freakishly empty. Looking inside himself he knew that he could never ever hurt a child of his and that he’d give his life to protect one instead.

But he didn’t know if he’d ever have the chance to do so. Sighing, he pulled the piles of paperwork toward him and got to work. If this was all he could do for Bay, then he’d do it.

A week passed and he’d talked to Bay every day, sometimes multiple times a day but always about work. She might be on maternity leave, she might have a broken leg, but the woman would not leave the Department alone. He’d dodged going to see her by using multiple excuses, but they were running thin. 

Flossie had started giving him the cold shoulder. No matter how he poked at her, she refused to speak to him unless she simply couldn’t avoid it. Even Joby was cool toward him when he discovered that Tuck hadn’t been to see Bay or the baby. He’d caught the disapproving looks from Owen who never said a word about the situation.

After a meeting with the school principal, though, he had no choice. One of the two of them was going to have to put a training schedule together. While he suspected that Bay was happy to do the school training, she’d never actually said she would, always hinting that it was his job. 

When the Mayor brought him a Council problem and then other issues kept piling up that needed her signature or input, he realized he had no choice anymore. Unless he managed to talk Joby into taking the stuff to her, and that was just too cowardly even for him, it was time to face Bay and the baby.

Letting Roy know where he was headed, he left the building and walked down the street to her apartment. His concerns of how she was managing the stairs was answered when he saw the new lift chair attached to them. It was an interesting mechanism that let her sit in the chair and ride her way up the stairs. It didn’t leave much room in the narrow stairwell, but he could see that it would work out just fine for her and Melody. 

His knock was answered by Melody, who gave him a quick grin, tossed an excuse over at Bay and quickly left for her own apartment. He entered and found Bay propped on the couch, a portable baby bed beside her. The once spartan apartment was now nearly filled with stuffed toys, baby furniture and piles of tiny clothes and blankets. 

Frowning he looked around, “You need a bigger place,” he blurted out before thinking.

Bay scowled at him, “You think?” She sifted, trying to find a more comfortable place for her plastic coated leg. “Who the hell knew how much stuff a tiny little body needed?”

Tuck couldn’t stop his feet from carrying him closer to the baby. All he could see under a patchwork blanket was a small head covered in black fuzzy hair. “How is he?”

“Fine. Eats like he’s starving, poops like there’s no tomorrow.”

A snorting laugh escaped before he could stop it. Reaching down, he gently touched the little head and felt the baby squirm in response. Afraid of waking him, Tuck moved away and got down to business. 

They went through the paperwork and essential information that needed her attention. She expressed her gratitude at his help and went over as many details as they could. Eventually though the baby began to move around and fuss. Bay scooped him up and cuddled for a bit before sending a look to Tuck.

“Look, I know this is beyond complicated. I have no idea how to deal with this.” She stopped, unsure what to say next.

Tuck nodded. “I have no idea either. I - “ he broke off, his mind going blank and gave a small shrug.

For the first time since he’d met her, Bay looked nervous. He didn’t have long to wonder about it though when she said, “His name is Kidd Adam Miller Lopez. Just thought you should know.”

Shock rippled through him. The name echoed in his head, Kidd Adam Miller. Named for him and for the town. “Why?”

“Well, I was trying to come up with something patriotic. You know he was born on the Fourth of July. But the only thing that I came up with was ‘Independence’ and that was just silly to me. Especially after that movie you know? So, I brought it down a bit and thought of the town. Because he was born right on Main Street right? The name ‘Main’ seemed too goofy. And I liked Miller. But I’ve called him ‘kid’ ever since I found out I was pregnant and I couldn’t get over calling him ‘kid.’ So I did. And the Adam part... well I wanted something more normal incase when he grows up he didn’t want to be an adult man called Kidd, you know.” Bay’s ramblings finally ended with her looking even more embarrassed.

“But aren’t you afraid people might put it together?”

She shrugged. “You hired me, gave me a chance. It was really you that made me Sheriff here. And, the way I hear the story, if you hadn’t acted as fast as you did to get the ambulance to me... well, things might have turned out differently. There’s a lot of good reasons for the name Adam.”

A sudden and huge lump filled Tuck’s throat. It was so big that trying to swallow it down was rather painful. So he just sat and took deep breaths for a few minutes, trying to calm things down. 

“There’s even the possibility that the kid could go by Kam Lopez. Just use the initials.” 

“Kam. I like that. Like it a lot.” 

As he looked at Bay and the baby Tuck realized that the cold dark hole inside him, left behind from Clarice’s death, was a lot smaller than it used to be. He couldn’t be sure, but maybe, just maybe the sunshine seemed a little brighter than it had been just a few minutes ago. 

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer? 
Thanks!
Lucy Marsh

