

Stay with Me


Part 1, 2, and 3


By
Melissa Kean



Smashwords Edition


STAY WITH ME
The Valenstone Mansion Series
Book One of Two
Copyright: 2021 Melissa Kean



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication:

I dedicate this story to you, dear reader.
In the end, I hope you walk away feeling the full weight of my heart; it was placed against every word.
But for now, sit with me awhile. Settle close, and be sure you’re comfortable.
I have a tale for you.



Table of Contents
Stay with Me
Part 1
Prologue
Chapter 1: Masks
Chapter 2: Behind Closed Doors
Chapter 3: Shelter of the Night
Chapter 4: Rainbows
Chapter 5: Where the Shadows Dwell
Chapter 6: The Ghost of Valenstone Mansion
Chapter 7: A Phantom Rescue
Chapter 8: Light Beneath the Ground
Chapter 9: Beyond the Walls
Chapter 10: Confessions by Firelight
Part 2
Chapter 11: Ghosts of the Past
Chapter 12: Color in the Dark
Chapter 13: Gravity
Chapter 14: A New Dawn
Chapter 15: To Keep You
Chapter 16: Stories and Shadows
Chapter 17: Ghost of a Smile
Chapter 18: Worth Waiting For
Chapter 19: Give Me One Night
Chapter 20: A Night of Make-Believe
Chapter 21: Forever Yours
Chapter 22: When Dreams Meet Reality
Chapter 23: A Brush with Heaven
Part 3
Chapter 24: To the Sky
Chapter 25: A Long Way to Fall
Chapter 26: The Hidden Truth
Chapter 27: Wherever You Go
Chapter 28: Whispers of the Past
Chapter 29: Unearthed on the Moors
Chapter 30 Unexpected Allies
Chapter 31: An Old Haunt
Chapter 32: A Vengeful Ghost
Chapter 33: Unforsaken
Chapter 34: Life and Death
Chapter 35: Forevermore
STAY WITH ME


The Valenstone Mansion Series


Book One
Jasper Duvane


Part 1, 2, & 3


By
Melissa Kean
Part 1


“Angels don’t linger where shadows dwell for long; they inherently seek the light—and places I simply cannot go.”
—Jasper Duvane




Prologue

Valenstone Mansion
Dunhaven Moor, England

1850


The woman swept into Valenstone Mansion’s conservatory, dressed in vibrant green silk. Jasper Duvane, taken by surprise, abandoned the angel statue he’d been admiring and sank into the shadows. He had not expected to be disturbed. He’d actually only just arrived himself, intent on finding some solace amidst a very painful evening.
It was clear now, however, it’d been an unwise risk for him to take. Particularly when a humming crush of almost two hundred people filled the mansion’s ballroom. That a person should wander from the crowd and burst in on him, as this lady had just done, was something he should have predicted.
More the fool he for not better gauging the probability.
A little panicked that she might have seen him, Jasper glared at her through the dark. She was leaning against a glass-paned window, near to the trellised jasmine. Her chest was rising and falling rapidly as she caught her breath. Her expression, however, remained unguarded, vulnerable.
And he knew then, for certain, that she was ignorant to his presence. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be in possession of nearly as much composure. In fact, it was more likely that she would have fled the room at once, horror filling her eyes as surely as the moon filled the night sky…
Relieved to have avoided such a scene, Jasper relaxed. Moments of stillness and silence spread out between them. And he used those quiet minutes to study her from his sequestered position amongst the potted ferns and palms.
She was a lovely creature; he couldn’t help but notice. Her skin was as gossamer as ivory silk, and her eyes and hair were as dark as Valenstone’s intricate woodwork. She was probably the most beautiful woman he’d ever beheld—a wandering angel unwittingly lost in a house built for the damned.
And why was she wandering it? It made no sense. Shouldn’t she be in the ballroom, twirling obliviously with some eager-eyed fop?
The fact that he himself wasn’t in attendance, didn’t matter. The ball that night wasn’t for him; it was for the residents of Dunhaven Moor! Masquerading as a glittering soiree, it was really just a charity event where his most recently completed painting was to be auctioned off, the proceeds benefitting the Norworth Foundling Hospital—a cause that befitted his own foundling roots.
But this woman…
If she wasn’t interested in dancing or the auction, why was she at Valenstone at all?
He narrowed his eyes, and he wondered…
Could it be that, unlike all the others, she’d grown suspicious? Had she begun to wonder why the owner of Valenstone was not attending his own charity ball—and was she looking for him now?
Or was it something else?
Had she sensed Valenstone’s hidden darkness? Was she somehow aware that there were secrets tucked away there, hidden deep inside its black belly? Was she seeking them out, wanting answers?
Perhaps she was braver than he knew…
Jasper shifted his weight beside the ferns, unsettled once again. He scrutinized her face, looking for any sort of officiousness to her countenance that he might have overlooked. But as before, his suspicions were quelled at once: he found her to possess nothing but an air of absolute innocence. Whatever the reason was that she’d ended up in the conservatory, it had nothing to do with the ball, the auction, the house, or him.
So what was it, then?
Slowly, the woman walked across the moonlit room. The off-the-shoulder gown she wore consumed much of the space around her; she had to work hard at sidling past the assortment of kentia and pale heliotropes. Ultimately, she settled in front of the marble statue he’d only just deserted.
Her eyes roved over the angel’s calming features, gently clasped hands, and folded wings. Then she sank to the stone-laid floor. Her skirts formed a cloud of green silk around her. And it struck him then that she was praying. It was done silently, of course; he could not hear her. But he knew.
He used to pray too.
A long, long time ago.
Immediately, Jasper felt he should leave; she deserved her privacy in such a moment. Nevertheless, he could not move. He was held riveted where he was, mystified by the sight of her. The artist in him threw up an appeal to take advantage of the moment. And he soon found himself beginning to paint her in his mind’s eye, coloring the moment in vivid shades of ivory and deep evergreen.
But then he saw it: a tear. It raced down along her cheek, shimmering and clear.
Jasper tore his gaze from her as tension gathered in him like a storm. Like praying, he himself had not cried in many years. But he remembered enough of it to know that he’d wished to be left alone with his feelings—just as she was trying to do now.
Go, he thought. It is time to go. Leave her.
In rigid silence, he turned away.
“How?” she suddenly wept, and he looked back, freezing where he was again.
Her bare shoulders had begun to shake with her breath. “How could I have been so blind?” she whispered. “What have I done to deserve a fate so cruel?”
Curiosity ablaze, Jasper gaped at her. She spoke of the cruelty of fate. He knew about that only too well. Surely her fate couldn’t be worse than his own, though…
Not all fates are deserved, sweet angel, he thought gloomily.
Just then, the conservatory door swung open. Both of them looked to see a handsome gentleman with a severe expression looming in the doorway.
“Emily,” the man snapped. “Bloody hell, there you are. I have been looking everywhere for you.”
The woman—Emily was her name—stood up. She didn’t appear very pleased to see her new companion. Indeed, her face paled as he rushed toward her, taking her by the shoulders and pulling her close.
The sight of them made Jasper wither a bit inside. They were beautiful together—Emily with her angelic loveliness and the stranger with his golden good looks. And yet, Jasper didn’t feel much like painting this particular image…
More like burning it.
“I am furious with you,” the man said hotly into her face.
“I’m sorry, I—”
He gave her a firm shake, silencing her. “Do not waste your breath. I have no desire to hear another one of your dismal apologies.”
“I didn’t mean to alarm you, Clinton.”
“You don’t mean to do a lot of things, and yet you still do them. Hear me well when I say this: you are not permitted to ever disappear like that again. Do you understand me?”
“I only wanted a moment to—”
“I do not care, damn it all!” he swore down at her. “Just don’t do it again! You have no idea what you just put me through.” He took ahold of her elbow. He began guiding her roughly past the vining jasmine on the trellis in his pursuit of the door. “Come—the carriage is being pulled around for us as we speak.”
“We are leaving already?” she breathed.
“We must, yes.”
“But the auction—”
“Has ended.” Clinton stopped, turning to face her again. The moon revealed his eyes to be a startling shade of blue. “The painting is yours.”
“What?”
“The painting for auction. The one of the morning sky—you said you liked it.”
“…You bought it for me?”
“Yes.”
She looked stunned.
“But clearly that was a mistake,” he bit out. “I’d thought to cheer you up; you have been looking so grey and morose these days. But you’re determined to be miserable anyway. I can see that now.”
“Clinton, I—”
“Don’t. We will discuss this in the carriage. For now, we must go—and hurry, at that.”
“Hurry? What is so amiss that we must dash off in such a state?”
“Other than your good sense, you dimwitted woman?”
“…Don’t be cruel,” she whispered. “I said I was sorry.”
He glared at her.
“Tell me what is wrong, Clinton. Why must we leave in a hurry?”
“Apparently Mr. Duvane hasn’t been seen for several days. Not even his servants know where he has gone.”
“But the ball—”
“Was carried out in a final effort to see if he would show up, or so I have been told,” he said, cutting her off again—a hateful and dismissive habit of his. “Needless to say, he didn’t show. And now that the auction has ended, everyone has been given instructions to leave Valenstone. There’s going to be an investigation.”
“Dear God…”
“Oh, go on,” he muttered. “Send your prayers, Emily. Just be sure you send them in gratitude. This turn of events has actually worked to our benefit.” He cast her a grin. “That painting I bought you will be worth triple what I paid for it should Jasper Duvane never turn up. As a matter of fact, it’ll be worth even more than that should he turn up dead.”
A savage sneer twisted Jasper’s features, making them even more irregular than before. How can this angel permit herself to be associated with this devil? he wondered furiously. I cannot fathom it.
“Enough questions now,” Clinton said. “We cannot stay here any longer.”
Jasper’s gaze honed in on Emily, and everything else blurred as he realized he was looking at her for the last time. And he was quite right, too; with merciless swiftness, she then fled through the doorway and was dashing away through the hall with Clinton, leaving Jasper in the braided palms and ferns—alone.
He listened for a while, disoriented by a strange sense of bereavement. He wanted to charge after them, to demand that Emily leave that man’s side and never return to it; she did not deserve to be dominated in such a way.
Could that have been the real reason why she was in the conservatory? Had she been trying to get away from him? And when she’d fallen to her knees in prayer, had it been about the same thing? Who was Clinton to her, anyhow?
Though it was agonizing to be plagued by such questions, he knew he must make peace with them remaining unanswered. He wouldn’t have the opportunity to ask them, for he wouldn’t ever see her again. And once the servants and the constables left—for surely, they would after their search of the mansion proved fruitless—he wouldn’t see anyone again at all.
Emily had spoken of cruel fates. The cruelty of his fate was to be utterly and completely alone—for good. He was fated to endure an existence that would never go beyond Valenstone’s walls. The world outside and all the people in it were simply out of his sphere of reality.
His soul darkening with the night, Jasper cast a despondent look at the angel statue. Already it looked different to him. Before, it’d been an anonymous seraph. But now he found it held a keen resemblance to Emily—as would the many other depictions of angels that decorated the mansion, he assumed.
Perhaps then, if he was lucky, he wouldn’t end up feeling quite as lonesome as he’d feared. Either that, or he was going to feel worse, forever haunted by a woman whose sorrow he was incapable of alleviating. Only time would tell.
And God help him, he had plenty of that.
Turning, Jasper moved toward the wall behind him. He disappeared into it before anyone could come upon the horror that was hiding in the conservatory.
Chapter 1

Masks


Dunhaven Moor, England
Six years later…
1856


“What are you doing over here all alone?”
From her chair, Emily Mathers’ dark gaze swung up at the woman who’d suddenly appeared on her right. She repressed a grimace. It was Agatha Shaw. The middle-aged woman had been making her rounds through Mrs. Beeton’s drawing room all evening, inserting herself into every private conversation and thought.
Thus far, the guests had been humoring her. And to their credit, her reputation as a ruthless gossipmonger made it an intimidating concept not to yield to her; no one wanted to be the subject of ridicule upon her viperous tongue.
However, that evening, Emily wasn’t feeling nearly so obliging. What she longed for most was to be left alone. It was why she’d chosen the single chair at the back of the drawing room, after all; she’d hoped it’d be enough to secure her isolation.
Apparently, she’d been wrong.
As Mrs. Shaw prattled on, Emily glanced longingly toward the window. The moon hovered outside, its pale, stoic face observing her in silence. It must be after seven o’ clock, she presumed. It wouldn’t be long now before dinner was announced. And then, after that grueling experience, she would finally be permitted to leave for Whitmore Park, her own residence.
For hours, she’d wished to take her leave early, perhaps claiming fatigue or the onset of a headache. But those were excuses she’d used too many times before. Not to mention, there was a particular person in attendance that night who’d expressly warned her not to use such excuses again. Not, unless, he’d given her specific instructions to do so.
Emily’s eyes slid reluctantly across the crowded room—and landed upon the very man who’d begun to occupy her thoughts. Her husband, Clinton Mathers.
With a roaring laugh that consumed the room, Clinton commanded everyone’s attention—even more so than Mrs. Shaw and her ostentatious chattering. Moreover, people actually liked Clinton. He was a charismatic, well-established member of the landed gentry. And with thick blonde hair and a towering build, he was also strikingly handsome.
Looks, money, and presence, however, were not always indicative of one’s true character. In reality, each trait had the capacity to mask the wickedest of hearts—as was the case with Clinton, unfortunately. It’d been a difficult lesson for Emily to learn.
But how could she have known?
She’d met him seven years ago, when she’d been but eighteen years old. By then, both her parents had died from cholera. And with no mother to warn her and no father to protect her, she’d been easy prey indeed. Particularly as she’d been left in the care of her Great Aunt Adelaide—a woman who, being ancient and near death herself, was more than eager to see her new charge married off.
Clinton’s notice of Emily couldn’t have been better timed.
She’d been too brokenhearted to consider how vulnerable she truly was—or how enticing of a lure she presented, being attached to a generous dowry of thirty thousand pounds and all.
Oh, but if only she had known then what she knew now! She would have turned Clinton out on his ear at the very start. And if Great Aunt Adelaide’s feathers were ruffled by that, so be it! It would have been a much better alternative to the life she led now: married and miserable.
Abruptly, Clinton looked at her. Emily’s heart mantled with frost, and she tore her dark gaze from his burning blue one.
“Mrs. Mathers,” Mrs. Shaw snapped, “I get the distinct impression you are not listening to me at all!”
Emily returned her attention to the woman standing at her side. “I beg your pardon, Mrs. Shaw,” she apologized. “I am distracted.”
“You most certainly are! I was beginning to wonder if you’d stuffed cotton into your ears.”
How I wish I had…
“Did you manage to catch a single word I said?” Mrs. Shaw demanded.
“I am afraid not.”
“Gracious me, you are quite the featherhead. I do not know where to begin now. Let me see…”
“Oh, please, do not trouble yourself. I’m not listening anyway.”
Mrs. Shaw gasped, and Emily stiffened.
Drat. Had she actually just said that aloud?
“Pray, what did you just say to me?” Mrs. Shaw sputtered.
Emily sighed. Too late now. “I said do not trouble yourself. You needn’t repeat a word; I am having difficulty listening.”
The fan that had been palpitating beneath Mrs. Shaw’s chin stopped. “What a profoundly rude remark!”
“Forgive me, Mrs. Shaw. I do not mean to offend you. It’s just…I am not very good company tonight. That is all.”
“Perhaps you should have taken that into account before deciding to attend this dinner party!”
Emily smiled thinly. “Feel no obligation to remain with me. I will not take it as an insult.”
“Oh, is that so?”
“Yes.”
“Well, I’ll have you know, Mrs. Mathers, that I was warned not to come near you. In fact, I was told by more than one person in attendance tonight to leave you to your solitariness. So often are you seen moping in corners and ignoring polite society—when, that is, you are even seen at all! But I took pity on you; I’d thought you were the one being shunned, not the other way around! I see now, however, that my concern was misplaced. I should have listened and stayed away.”
Emily’s cheeks heated. “Perhaps you should have.”
Mrs. Shaw gasped again. “Upon my word, what a cold little fish you are,” she breathed, snapping her fan shut altogether. “Your poor husband. How you were able to land him, a man of such fine quality, is beyond me. I bid you good evening, Mrs. Mathers.”
Emily watched as she was then deserted without a backward glance. She blinked, looking away. Oh, well. There was no use in defending herself. And there was even less use in arguing over Clinton’s character. No one would believe her anyway. It was only behind closed doors that his true nature was ever revealed.
Relieved to be alone again, but annoyed that news of her spat with Mrs. Shaw would soon circulate the room, Emily sighed. A short while later, a bit of fortune befell her as one of the footmen entered the room, a tray of wineglasses in his hands. She waited her turn, then signaled for a glass. Normally, she did not drink. But that night, she was willing to make an exception.
“Here you are,” the young man said, handing over a glass of dark red wine.
She flashed him a quick smile. “Thank you, sir.”
“Of course.”
Soon alone again, she sipped at the heady drink. Warmth curled through her, settling low in her belly. She looked lazily around the room. But then her eyes relocked with her husband’s—and her sense of peace crumbled.
Beside the blazing fireplace, Clinton looked dangerously aglow. The flames illuminated his strong features, reflecting in his gaze and igniting his fair hair. His lips curled into a taut, sidelong smile as he looked at her. But there was no cordiality behind the expression. No affection or tenderness. It served more as a warning than anything else. But why she needed such a warning, she could not yet fathom. What had she done?
God, he must have heard about Mrs. Shaw already…
Suddenly, he began to approach her.
Oh, dash it all, she fumed, her stomach filling with dread.
Setting her wineglass on a small table nearby, Emily turned her attention to the paisley print of her burgundy gown and waited.
He came to stand directly before her. His body blocked out the room and its chattering occupants. “Emily.” He placed his hand under her chin and tilted her head back. It took every ounce of her willpower not to recoil from his touch. “You’re pale.”
“Am I?”
“Very. Is anything wrong?”
Only my entire life. “Nothing.”
“You have been sitting in the corner since we got here,” he remarked.
“Yes.”
“Is there a reason for this?”
“I wish to be left alone.”
“Left alone at a dinner party?” His eyes narrowed a fraction. “Do you not want to be here, then?”
“I would have rather stayed at home with Clara before she went to bed,” she said honestly, frowning. Just thinking about her six-year-old daughter made her heart swell painfully. “But I know how much you enjoy these gatherings. I came to support you.”
Continuing to hold her chin in a firm manner, Clinton cast her another one of his uneven smiles. “How thoughtful of you,” he mused. “But you wouldn’t have been able to see Clara anyway. You know she is exclusively with Nanny Bess after four o’ clock.”
Emily bristled at the mentioning of her daughter’s nanny. Surely, Bess was a wonderful caretaker. But even still, Emily did not care for her. Because not only had Clinton taken the woman as his mistress—deplorable man; Bess could have him!—but Emily was viciously jealous of the time Bess spent with Clara.
Laughter, playing, nurturing—every moment belonged to the dearly favored Bess!
Emily got to see her daughter once, maybe twice a day, if she was lucky. And it was that loss of time that was the worst of her current miseries. Because she was not raising her own child; someone else was. Bess was. Emily just didn’t fit into her own life anymore. She’d became a spectator to it, floating from one day to the next without purpose or direction.
“Clara will be available again tomorrow at teatime,” Clinton said, studying her.
Emily blinked away a few steadily forming tears. “I know.”
“At present, you are here at Belcourt. Enjoy it.”
“I am enjoying it just fine from my seat.”
“…So you will not get up at all?”
“Not until dinner is announced, no.”
“Why?” he demanded.
“I feel tired, for one. And for two, these people do not like me, Clinton. I do not have the energy required to convince them to feel otherwise.”
“You do not have the energy, or you do not have the desire? Something tells me it’s more the latter.”
“Does it really matter?”
“Yes, it matters.”
His grip tightened on her chin. With careful consideration, Emily took his fingers and removed them from her face. “Perhaps you should have left me at home, then.”
“I have left you at home for the past two weeks.”
“Yes, and you very well know why.”
“As do you,” he replied acidly. “And correct me if I’m wrong, but you were being just as disrespectful then as you are now. Need I punish you in the same manner, as well? Are you determined to be shut away for another two weeks as you hide your face in shame?”
She fell silent.
“Indeed,” he continued, “you seem more intent on humiliating me this evening than ever before.”
“Humiliating you?”
“Quite.”
“If you are making reference to my behavior with Mrs. Shaw, I swear to you, I had no intention of being rude—”
“I am not referring to that flustered old bird,” he snapped.
Emily’s brows lifted in surprise. Reputation was, to Clinton, an exceedingly important concept. That he was casting aside Mrs. Shaw’s scathing review of his wife meant one thing: he was even angrier about something else.
“Why are you upset, then?” she asked, deciding to be brave.
“You know what it is.”
“I do not.”
His eyes blazed with blue fire. “I’ll give you a hint: it is the real reason you are sitting in the corner, away from everyone.”
“What in the world are you talking about?”
“Emily, my dear, you think you are so discreet, don’t you?” he snarled, keeping his voice low and his face passive. “Did you really think I wouldn’t notice you with that footman?”
Emily gaped at him, stunned. Though, she supposed she really shouldn’t be so astonished; an overly suspicious mind was usually driven by a guilty conscience—and God knew he was most certainly equipped with one of those!
“Do not pretend ignorance,” he said when she failed to respond. “It is most unbecoming.”
“I was only asking him for some wine—”
“Lying, cunning flirt,” he said with soft violence, making her cheeks heat. “I know what you were doing. That desperate little smile of yours, the way you looked up at him—it was shameless and pathetic.”
“Clinton, what you are accusing me of is absurd.”
He leaned over her. She could smell the whiskey on him then. Like a scented cloud, it cascaded over her, surrounding her.
“Yes,” he whispered. “It is absurd, isn’t it?” He positioned his mouth by her left ear. “And if you ever do it again, your face will feel the back of my hand.” He thumbed her right cheek—the very place where he’d struck her most recently. His favorite place to strike her in general. “You will be indisposed for a great deal longer than two weeks. You’ll have to be tucked away for the rest of the season—and from Clara. Have I made myself clear to you?”
Emily’s blood boiled. What a vile tyrant he was! To threaten her with violence, as though she needed any reminder of how willing he was to punish her!
“Emily,” he murmured warningly.
At last, she nodded. “Yes. I understand.”
She could hear him smile. “Good. Now, get out of the damned chair and take a turn about the room with me.”
Emily glared blindly over his shoulder. Something inside her wanted to fight back—just a little. He’d gotten her to surrender beneath his irrational accusation of flirting. She wanted to win a battle too.
“Thank you for the invitation,” she managed in a shallow voice. “But I would rather sit.”
To her dismay, he fastened his hands like talons on the armrests of her chair, pinning her in place. He looked down at her. Their gazes fused. They must have looked like a lovesick pair, the two of them—it was surely the image he sought, no doubt.
But if the others in the room only knew…
“My, my, my,” he breathed. “You are especially defiant this evening, Emily.” That tilted, serpent-like smile flitted across his features again. “Whatever shall I do about it?”
Her heart hammered beneath her ribs. “Must you do something?”
“I definitely think so.”
Just then, before another word could be said, the butler arrived and signaled for dinner. All around them, couples gathered and filed out of the drawing room. Clinton, however, remained in the same position, holding her hostage in the chair. And she knew then that what he really wanted to do was strike her then and there. That they were in a public place was her only saving grace.
“Clinton,” she began.
But he pulled back, releasing her from the cage he’d formed around her. Emily took a long, deep breath. Then she stood from her chair.
For the sake of appearances, Clinton offered her his arm. For the sake of avoiding another argument, she begrudgingly accepted it. However, an unresolved cloud of tension had already formed over their heads—and it followed them out the door and into the dining room.
Emily could only hope it would dissipate before they returned home.
Chapter 2

Behind Closed Doors


The carriage ride home was a silent one.
Emily bore it well, despite the fact that she had no idea what Clinton was thinking. But then again, he’d been difficult to read all throughout dinner. He’d conversed, ate well, and drank a lot. But he hadn’t looked at her much at all.
Even now, in the carriage, his blue eyes remained fixed on the window, his expression blank. A glimmer of hope joined her anxiety, warring with it, taming it. Perhaps she would get lucky that night. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time. He’d forgiven her before; he’d chosen to overlook whatever paltry crime he’d accused her of.
Sometimes the alcohol he consumed actually worked to her benefit. It would sedate the beast within, ultimately rendering him too inebriated to even walk. More often than not, though, the situation was quite the opposite; he would sink into a drunken rage, perhaps only half-aware of himself as the black parts of his soul became exposed by his lowered inhibitions.
At present, it was simply too soon to tell which version of the man she was going to get.
The sedate beast or the rage-filled one.
As the carriage pulled up to Whitmore Park, Emily gazed out at it dispassionately from her window. If she chose to look beyond its being her literal prison, it was a very grand house. Settled on a sprawling, yet isolated country estate, it was an expansive two-story house made of pale white stone and rich brick. Along its front were twelve windows, four towering colonnades, and a recessed portico. And before the main entrance, from the portico, was a tumbling flight of steps.
Her attention narrowed on the steps. How quickly could she ascend them without making it look like she was running? She was going to have to measure every step.
Emily slanted a look in Clinton’s direction. Much to her relief, he was still refusing to look at her. So, when the coach veered to a stop, she waited with bated breath for the coachman to climb down and open the door. When he did, she exited first. Having heard their arrival outside, a row of servants waited for them. Not one person looked at her or even spoke to her at all—something that usually added to her sense of invisibility in the most mortifying way. Not that night, though. That night she was grateful for their snubbing; she didn’t want to be seen at all.
She swept into the house in an inconspicuous rush, moving beneath the high, vaulted ceiling and onward through the main hall. She headed straight for the wide mouth of the imperial, double staircase, which unrolled from the second floor on both sides. Then, holding the skirt of her gown in her hands, she began traipsing up the stairs.
Despite how badly she wanted to get away, Emily went slowly ahead and listened. Was he following her? Was he going to corner her upstairs and demand a confrontation? Or would he turn left and saunter into his favorite room, the study, and drink himself into a stupor?
To turn left promised a sedate beast—usually.
To take the stairs promised an enraged one—always.
Left. Left. Oh, please, go left!
Her heart gave a grateful leap when she heard the study door open and shut in the hall to her left. She skittered the rest of the way upstairs. Inside her room, a cozy atmosphere greeted her. A massive and comfortable bed loomed against one wall. A writing desk, armoire, and dressing mirror were scattered about in the middle. And on the right, beside the roaring fire, a treat along with some tea and water were laid out on a table—her nightly indulgence before bed.
Eager now, for she could smell the rich gingerbread, Emily decided not to wait for the assistance of her lady’s maid and began undressing herself. As she moved about, her gaze settled on the familiar painting of the morning sky above the fireplace. It was a habit of hers, to seek out its peaceful colors and smooth, heavenly clouds. Sometimes, it was her only source of solace in the world. She didn’t even realize she was looking at it most of the time; her attention just naturally gravitated toward it when she was upset. Which was usually when Clinton was in the room—yet something else she did that angered him.
Who would have thought a man could be jealous of a painting? Clinton found a way. If ever she was too diverted by it, he actually made threats to sell it or burn it if it meant keeping her attention on him when he spoke. He’d bought it for her, and she loved it. But over the years it’d become just another thing for him to utilize as leverage against her.
Sighing, Emily hurried, tossing clothes onto the floor without much care for anything other than getting herself into her nightgown as quickly as possible. She was ready to eat, go to bed, and put the whole dismal evening behind her.
Donned in nothing but her chemise, drawers, and stockings, she turned for the dresser armoire that contained her clothes. As she did, she paused before the dressing mirror. Another sigh escaped her. A deeper one. One full of disappointment and resignation. She hated looking at herself. Oh, she was attractive enough, she supposed. Her skin was fair, her face comely, her figure both slender and gently curved. However, in her dark gaze there was an unmistakable wealth of misery. And there was no hiding it; she carried it with her everywhere she went.
No wonder people warned Mrs. Shaw to stay away.
Emily turned from her reflection, no longer wanting to see the image of the woman she’d become. But before she could take a step, the door to the bedroom opened with a bang. And there, hulking the doorway, was Clinton.
Oh no, she thought, her heart plummeting. So much for sedation…
“Clinton…what are you doing here?”
His bloodshot eyes raked over her—burning and deep, deep blue. “Is this not my bedroom as well as yours?”
“O-of course. It’s just that I thought you had retired to the study for your nightcap.”
“I had.” He waved a tumbler of whiskey in the air. “I decided to bring it here.”
Gradually he entered the room, shut the door, and locked it behind him.
“I am not yet dressed,” she mumbled, already feeling frantic.
“I can see that.”
Clinton lifted one caustic eyebrow. He began to saunter in her direction. Emily tensed but refused to retreat from him. She knew it only excited him, similar as a wolf became excited in the hunt for its game. Fortunately, he stopped mid-approach. They stood apart from each other, separated by several feet in the center of the room.
“We need to finish our conversation,” he said.
“Our conversation?”
“The one we were having at Belcourt.”
“…I thought we had finished it.”
“You’d hoped we had.”
Her stomach pitted. “Can it wait until morning?”
He shook his head. Then, rather slovenly, he tossed his head back and finished the contents of his glass. “You misbehaved tonight, Emily.”
“I—”
Without warning, he threw the tumbler past her head where it hit the wall with a resounding crash! Glass shattered and splintered through the air like diamond dust. “You humiliated me!” he roared.
She cringed at the volume of his voice, even though she’d known, by now, that it was coming. Clara, darling, if you wake up to this, I am so sorry…
“Clinton,” she said, her mind now filled with the image of her daughter, “I did not mean to embarrass you.”
“Yes, you did,” he spat with disgust. “You deliberately defied me! First, you batted eyes at that deuced servant boy, and then you refused to get up and behave properly, even though I demanded it! You knew I would be watching you tonight, Emily. You knew everyone would be!” His nostrils flared as he jutted an index finger in her direction. “You made a fool out of yourself and a mockery of me! Imagine what people think of me now. No, I’ll tell you what they’re thinking: Clinton Mathers is married to an unfeeling woman who sits in corners and flirts with the servantry!”
“I was only—”
“Stupid! You were totally and unforgivably stupid!”
“Lower your voice.”
Clinton rolled his shoulders back as if to loosen the tension that gathered there. Then he began approaching her again. “Emily,” he said, “I’ve thought long and hard about how I should handle this. I spent the entire night turning over possibilities in my mind. And I have come to a decision.”
Panic laced through her. She eyed the room. Would she make it if she ran to the door? What if she threw herself from a window? The ground was not too far below…
Regrettably, she already knew calling for help did no good. The servants had long since learned to ignore her pleas. They served Clinton, not her. A maid or two would only ever arrive once he was gone. But by that point, Emily no longer wanted them there. She hated their pitying glances, their silent tenderness as they cleaned her up. It was all rather useless and only added to her degradation. If she was going to be abandoned to the violence, she’d rather be abandoned to the aftermath as well.
“You need a lesson in marital obedience,” he said, coming upon her at last.
“You needn’t teach me a lesson,” she said. “It isn’t necessary.”
“Oh, I disagree; I think it is very necessary.”
“Clinton, please, I have not betrayed you.”
“Ah, there it is—the begging,” he mocked. “Spare me. You sound like a child who’s just been caught with her hand in the sugar bowl. Being a mother, you should know that even a child must be given a consequence if her actions warrant one.”
His hand snapped out like a viper and locked onto her right wrist. He jerked her closer. She stumbled forward, any chance of escape disappearing like smoke in the wind.
“Clinton, that hurts…”
“Good,” he said through his teeth. The pungent scent of alcohol rode the heat of his breath, wafting over her face.
God, save me…
“Release your hold on me, Clinton.”
“No. In fact, I have a mind to hold on to you for a great deal longer.” He leaned in, his other hand caging the back of her head. “And much closer.”
“W-what do you mean?”
“Only that it’s time for me to remind you how a wife is expected to honor her husband. Something I have not demanded from you for a long, long time now…”
Realizing what he meant, another rush of panic made her vision go dark. Not once since the consummation that’d resulted in Clara had he brought up their lack of marital intimacy. He had left her alone, preferring, instead, the company of Bess—and other women, she presumed, as well.
She took a steadying breath. “I am not interested.”
“I do not care. This is not a lesson in interest, but humility. One that is clearly overdue.”
“Clinton, I—”
His mouth crashed over hers, silencing and claiming her with one brutal kiss.
“No!” she gasped, managing to turn her face from his.
“Yes!”
“No!”
“Yes! You are my wife; you are obligated to obey me!”
She shook her head at him.
“Very well,” he growled. “I suppose I don’t actually require your permission.” He released her wrist and began pulling at her chemise.
White-hot fear nearly leveled her where she stood. “Clinton!” she cried, her hands rising to stop his. “Stop!”
His left hand curled viciously into her hair to hold her still. She froze, wincing in pain. God help her! She had known Clinton was capable of many horrible things. But she couldn’t have ever imagined he’d do something like this. His savage attempt to steal the last of her dignity was the lowest point he’d ever reached. She didn’t know how she would manage to recover if he succeeded…
“Clinton, you are not thinking clearly! Please, release me!”
He ignored her, continuing his fumbling attempt to disrobe her. She could feel the ribbon on the top of her chemise finally come undone. No! She struggled against him, fierce now.
“Stop!” she tried again and, grabbing ahold of his hair like he held hers, she pulled—hard. “I said stop!”
“Damn you, you insolent woman!”
Before she could prepare herself, he lifted his right arm and backhanded her across the face. The impact was explosive, and her head snapped to the side, sending her senses reeling.
Clinton wasted no time; he took advantage of her momentary disorientation and hauled her across the room. She shrieked as he flung her onto the bed. And then he was upon her, doing his best to still her frantic flailing.
“Cease fighting me!” he thundered.
Emily couldn’t see anything. Her hair was tumbling all around, and her mind still spun from having been struck so hard. But deep inside, a fire had been lit. She could not, would not cower to him. Not like this—not ever.
And so the moment hung them over a precipice. The possibility of failing made her feel wild with desperation. She only needed one good kick, and he would go flying backward. He only needed one opportunity to hit her again, and she would be rendered immobile…
No, no, no, no!
Crying out like a feral animal, Emily flung one stockinged leg out—and she felt her heel slam into his groin. A sound she’d never heard before tore from Clinton’s throat. A ferocious, howling sound. He rolled off her.
Victory!
Emily flew off the bed. And yet, she hadn’t made it more than five paces before she could feel the back of her chemise in his clutches. Survival instinct caused her to reach out for anything she could get her hands on. The writing desk chair knocked over. A glass lamp fell and shattered. At last, a bronze candlestick holder filled her palm. She wrapped her fingers around it. Then, turning, she swung it at him. It slammed into his temple, jarring him backward and onto the floor—where he then remained, utterly still.
Through her hair and a haze of adrenaline, Emily gaped down at him. His eyes were closed, his face, placidly calm. From his left temple, a trail of blood eased from a small wound, sliding into his golden hairline.
God Almighty…have I killed him?
Trembling, Emily peered lower. And then she saw it—his chest was rising and falling with the steady rhythm of his breath. She exhaled and dropped the candlestick holder onto the floor beside him.
Not dead, she thought, but sedated at last.
Emily rocked on her heels, her mind spinning with the events that’d just transpired. She turned, batting her hair from her face—but went entirely still again as she saw herself in the dressing mirror. If she’d hated the sight of herself before, she was mortified by it now.
Her chemise was untied, loose, and falling off one shoulder. Her hair hung in chaotic waves about her bare arms. And along her right cheekbone, a wicked bruise had already begun to form.
Shame crowded the corners of Emily’s heart, pulling the shadows in, darkening her thoughts. A few hot tears leaked across her cheeks. She wiped them away, caressing the swollen bruise with trembling fingers. It was an awful injury—yet, it occurred to her that it could have been worse. Much, much worse.
He had tried to violate her.
She met her eyes in the mirror. “That monster,” she whispered.
And out of the dying inferno that had been her desperation, a new fire burst into existence. It raged inside her, brighter, more brilliantly than anything she’d ever felt before. How dare Clinton try to do such a thing to her? Was he really so debauched, so corrupt? It was unimaginable that he’d resorted to such depravity!
In an instant, Emily felt her shame become overthrown, burned away until there was none left. She was done! She had no room or space in her spirit for his behavior! It was disgraceful what he’d tried to do. It was disgraceful what he’d been doing for years already! And it was not her shame to take ownership of; it belonged to Clinton. Let his appalling conduct stain his conscience. She was through! It didn’t matter what he threatened her with when he awoke; she would not take it without a fight.
Oh, how I wish I was gone before I had to face it at all, though! He cannot threaten me with retaliation if I am not even here…
The thought danced through her head. And she found herself standing up straighter as a response. It wasn’t the first time she’d had such a thought. She’d often fantasized about vanishing without a trace and starting a new life somewhere else. Somewhere far away, where she and Clara could begin again with new identities, where no one knew them at all. She’d gone as far as plotting the storyline they must play.
Emily would introduce herself by a new name: Emma Wright. She would claim to be a widow in need of work to help support her daughter. And as far as employment went, she’d often considered her options while reading the morning newspaper, combing over job advertisements. However, she’d only been playing at idle dreams; there’d never been any true conviction behind her plotting. It’d just seemed so impossible.
But that was before.
Everything felt different now. She felt different. Stronger. Changed by having fought for the sanctity of her virtue—and won.
Hmmm…
Emily left the mirror and moved toward a wooden chest in the corner—the only bit of privacy granted to her at Whitmore. Removing several personal items, papers, and childhood trinkets, she eyed the extra-large carpetbag that lay hidden at the bottom. Then she pulled the bag out. It’d been her mother’s. Emily had sent for it after her parents’ deaths, knowing that it, above anything else her mother had owned, was a treasure she must recover.
Reverently, Emily brought it to the bed. Her hands caressed the familiar material, her fingers trailing over the blue and white Persian design. It had two handles, a short one for her hand, and a long, sturdy one for her shoulder. It was also very large and durable, so it could fit an enormity of things that varied in size and weight.
But perhaps her favorite detail was the silver clasp positioned at the top. For engraved on it was a wreath of garland around the initial D, for Davis, her maiden name. It reminded her of who she’d been before losing her parents, before marrying Clinton and becoming his wife—a mere apparition of her former self.
She’d been happy. At peace. Hopeful.
How she longed to feel that way again…
Emily opened the bag and peered inside. It was quite full already. But fortunately, it was with things she would need. Because once, after a particularly degrading incident with Clinton, she’d actually packed it in haste. She’d known she would not leave him, of course. But the action of packing had served as an outlet for her frustration. It was something to do. A way to relieve her helplessness and stagnation.
And yet she’d not overlooked a single thing; it was now a ready-made escape bag, simply waiting for her to take it and go.
Biting her lower lip, she looked everything over.
Inside, there was a tin of hairpins; a brush and mother of pearl hair comb; a nightgown and paisley shawl; an assortment of chemises, drawers, stockings, and petticoats; a dress and nightgown for Clara; a packaged bar of her favorite rose-scented soap; two more tins, one of walnuts and one of sweetmeats; a mason jar filled with pickled peaches; a canteen for drinking water; and a bag of accumulated pin money and jewelry, collectively possessing enough value to survive on—at least for a while.
Emily picked up the shawl and stroked her injured cheek with it. Her eyes slid shut. Well—she supposed this was her moment. But could she truly seize it? Could she take her daughter and finally do what she’d been dreaming of for years: escape Clinton for good?
It was an intimidating prospect, for Clinton would hunt her if she disappeared. Secretly, though; anything to avoid a scandal…
And yet, I no longer care what he decides to do, she thought. I am a free human being with a will of my own. She replaced the shawl with great care into the bag, her spirit coming to a decision right then. It is time I take that will and use it! It is time for me to go!
Brimming with determination, Emily marched across the room, stepping over Clinton as she went. She flung open the doors to her armoire dresser. Before selecting a dress, she snatched a set of low-heeled boots and quickly shoved her stockinged feet into them.
Then she turned to her discarded evening gown and undergarments on the floor. She scooped up a petticoat and slipped it over her chemise and drawers. Afterwards, she donned her front-fastening corset, her cage crinoline, and several more petticoats.
At last came the task of putting on her getaway dress. She eyed her armoire critically before spotting her mourning gown shoved into the back. It was the same one she’d worn to her parents’ funeral. She stepped forward and removed it.
Consisting of three pieces—a voluminous, three-tiered skirt and two matching bodices, one for day and one for evening—it was made of lightweight silk. She caressed the fabric thoughtfully, thinking first of her parents, then of her future.
I suppose Emma Wright will make her debut to the world after all, she thought, and a thrill raced through her.
Emily put on the skirt, smoothing the tiered flounces with the palms of her hands. Then, after rushing her evening bodice over to her bag, she slipped into the daytime Basque-waisted one. Its front-facing buttons, high collar, sweeping pagoda sleeves, and white undersleeves possessed a jacket-like coverage that would serve her well in the cool night air. Specifically when the nearest coaching inn, The Black Rose and Birch, was a good six miles southwest of Whitmore Park. Settled in the market town of Millwood—the only market town within walking distance—it was still quite a hike to get there. And that was if Emily even managed to get there directly.
As Emily fastened the eyelets along the front of her bodice, she began to ponder the direction she would go once she secured a coach. She wanted to go far—as far away as possible. Her mind scanned over the job advertisements she’d read in the paper that morning. There’d been one that had caught her eye. Which one was it again?
A country schoolmistress—that’s what it was! A charity schoolhouse was opening in Westbeck. They needed someone to help run it for the local children. It wasn’t a high-paying position at all; that was for certain. But it was discreet and desperate enough that they couldn’t be too terribly selective or formal in who they chose.
They just needed someone.
She was someone, indeed.
Additionally, she felt more than qualified enough for the task. Even though her education had been only to secure her a husband and the coveted title of “Angel of the House,” she could use it to secure a job as well. She was proficient in writing. She could speak both French and German. She played the piano and could sing moderately well. And she also possessed a good understanding of arithmetic.
Westbeck, England…Gracious! Well, one thing is for certain: if Millwood feels far, Westbeck is a lifetime away! It is all the way to the west, pressed against the sea.
The sea…
Emily shut her eyes. Oh, the sea! She missed it! The town she’d grown up in had been a seaside village as well! She wished she could go there again. But Clinton would guess that, unfortunately; he would look for her there. Once he was done tearing the moors apart, anyway.
Very well, she thought, slipping on a sweeping black mantle. With hope and a prayer, to Westbeck I will go. And even though I have no letter preceding my arrival, my own desperate circumstances may be enough to lend me some appeal.
With enthusiasm, she repined her hair into a quick and simple chignon. Kid leather gloves and a black lace bonnet were the finishing touch. And then, at last, she was ready. She was Emma Wright, widow and mother in search of a new beginning.
Emily turned to look down at Clinton for what she hoped was the very last time. The impulsive need to impart some final words to him consumed her. She moved to the writing desk and scribbled a few quick sentences onto a sheet of paper:

Clinton,
It seems you were the one who needed the lesson in humility, not I.
Let this serve as a reminder of how a husband is expected to honor his wife…
Goodbye.
—Emily

She placed the note over Clinton’s unconscious form. Then she quickly removed her diamond and pearl-encrusted engagement ring and gold wedding band. She dropped them beside him with a small clatter. She could have sold them, perhaps. It was what she planned to do with some of her other jewelry, after all. But truthfully, she didn’t want whatever money those rings would bring in. She’d rather him wake up and find them there, just before discovering her and Clara to be gone. He could keep them and every lie he’d told her while giving them to her. Better yet, he could give them to Bess.
Jaw set, Emily snatched up the gingerbread from the tray, wrapping it in a linen napkin. Her other hand grabbed the pitcher of water. She hurried both items toward her carpetbag. After filling the canteen to the brim and screwing the lid shut, she shoved it and the treat into the bag and hauled the strap over her shoulder. Then, with one last glance of farewell at her beloved painting, she left the room and shut the door firmly behind her.
The hallway, as she’d expected, was deserted. But that did not mean Whitmore wasn’t full of listening ears. Surely, the staff was hidden somewhere, waiting for Clinton to finally abandon her. She would have to be especially careful not to make a sound, lest they think it was him and send maids to the bedroom.
Cautious, Emily crept down the long, winding hall. She eased into the candlelit nursery and was instantly relieved. Clara was asleep inside, a music box playing in the corner of the room—something that’d surely aided her ability to sleep through the nightmare erupting down the hall.
Emily moved toward the bed. She smiled at the sight of Clara’s cherubic face, relaxed in slumber. Her arms were wrapped about her doll and blue blanket. And in her hair, several little white ribbons were threaded into bows in order to tame her curls.
Emily took the handmade doll from her embrace. She eyed it judiciously. Of all the fine and beautiful things Clara owned, this raggedy doll was her favorite. That it was made by none other than the prized nanny herself, of course, only added to its allure.
Bessie Doll, as Clara had so dotingly named it, was crafted from simple cotton cloth. It had embroidered facial features, hair made of long, brown yarn, and it wore a custom-made red dress. As homely as it was, there was love woven into every stitch.
For that reason alone, Emily could not hate it. No matter how jealous or bitter she was, Bessie Doll was a gift made with love for Clara. And Clara deserved all the love given to her. Even Bess’.
Sighing, Emily took the doll and put it into the swollen carpetbag. Then she went to a dresser and pulled out a knee-length black gown, white stockings, shoes, and a warm, woolen coat. Placing them on the rocking chair, she went to retrieve Clara from the bed.
Clara groaned, but put up no real fuss as Emily took her aside and began dressing her.
“Nanny Bess,” Clara murmured.
“Hush,” Emily whispered.
“Mama? What are you doing? I don’t want to get dressed. I am sleepy.”
“I know, my darling. You may go back to sleep soon. Hush now.”
When Emily was finished, she wrapped Clara up in her blue blanket—Emily’s own desperately made gift—and cradled her. Clara yawned and turned into Emily’s arms. Within seconds, she was fast asleep once again. The moment tugged at Emily’s heartstrings, and she was at once reassured in her decision to leave. This was for Clara as much as it was for herself. A child needed her mother—in so many more ways than what Emily had been able to offer her.
Emily resituated Clara so that their bodies lengthened against one another’s, her head upon Emily’s shoulder. And then, with great stealth, she headed toward the door. As soon as she saw the doorway, however, she froze again. A dark figure stood within it, silent and immobile. And it didn’t take long to ascertain who the silhouette belonged to. It was a familiar one. Soft and petite.
Bess.
Emily glared at her as her blood thickened with panic. Bess was surely going to begin screaming for assistance now, as it was quite obvious what Emily was in the midst of doing. However, Bess didn’t make a sound. Not even a whisper. Neither of them did.
Emily’s arms tightened around her bundled child. She could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end as anticipation flooded her senses. What game was this woman playing? Was she waiting for Emily to make the first move? Was she taunting her?
Frustration bubbled to the surface. She could feel time slipping away from her. The longer she stayed there, the closer she was to being present when Clinton woke up.
Unable to wait any longer, Emily took a step forward. She held her breath, ready to flee for her life should the situation demand it. But still, Bess said nothing.
Emily approached her, stopping only when their skirts grazed each other’s. “Get out of my way,” she whispered severely.
Bess stood very still. Her blonde hair fell in a loose braid across her right shoulder, and her hands were gripped together in front of her pure white nightgown. “Where are you going?” she whispered back.
Emily blinked, startled not just by the woman’s brazen question, but her continued effort to keep quiet. Even still, she was not fooled or deterred. Bess was the enemy. Anyone who sided with Clinton was.
“Get out of my way,” she said again.
Emotion clouded Bess’ honey-colored eyes, but she stepped to the side. Emily dashed past her. As she did, she sensed the nanny reach out, her fingers brushing against Clara’s hair.
Emily’s grip intensified again, and she felt certain that this was now the moment when Bess would finally cry out, bringing all of Whitmore down upon her. Yet as she flew down the stairs, Bess remained vigilantly silent. And Emily, not taking the time to wonder one more second about it, fled from the house at last.
Chapter 3

Shelter of the Night


Settled in the uplands of England, Dunhaven Moor possessed a sleepy sort of beauty. There, the hills were rugged and high, the dales, sloping and low. Winding stonewalls and hedgerows crisscrossed the fields, and pine woodlands swayed with the rhythm of the wind. Rain or shine, day or night, winter or summer—it was peaceful.
It wasn’t until right then, however, that Emily had been able to appreciate it. The moors’ charm had always been overshadowed by her own misery. But that night, she had an abundance of time to notice the details that’d previously gone unnoticed. Particularly as, since leaving Whitmore several hours ago, she’d wandered from the road to avoid being seen and become quite lost.
It should have sickened her with alarm, being directionless at such a crucial stage in her journey. But instead, she felt rather free in her aimlessness, comforted by the darkened earth beneath her feet and the moorland’s breath in her face. She would find a way to get to where she needed to go. Somehow, she knew it.
Knowing this, however, did not take away the absoluteness of her exhaustion. Fleeing with Clara and their belongings was a physically demanding task that she’d underestimated. Her feet and legs were raw and aching, and her arms and back were blazing and sore. To lay down in the grass and rest was a truly seducing idea.
But she wasn’t ready to give in just yet. Determination flowed in her veins as pure as her own lifeforce. She needed to find somewhere safe to rest. Somewhere she could hide that did not expose her and Clara to the elements—or to the man who would soon be in pursuit of them.
Emily looked around, her gaze snagging on the enormous hills that surrounded her. She was settled in a deep dale at the moment. And while the concept of picking a mound and climbing it was a daunting one, she knew it may just give her an indication of Millwood’s direction.
It was a sight worth fighting for.
Confident in what she needed to do, though dreading it entirely, Emily headed toward a hill. It was an agonizing ascent. She tried and failed multiple times to stifle the whimpers that lifted in her throat. When, ultimately, she reached the top, she was near to crying. Her body was on fire, and her trembling arms held on to her daughter with all the strength they had left.
Panting, she looked around and tried to get her bearings—and then she gasped, retreating a few steps. The hill she’d climbed had produced a view, indeed. And while it was not the one that she’d hoped for, it was one that stole her breath all the same.
A half-mile off, settled in another rolling dip in the land, a massive house protruded from the darkness. Its irregularly pitched roof jutted upward on varying levels, making her dizzy as she tried to discern where one gable began and another ended. Then her attention hurried low, sinking along the imperious bath stone walls and fierce windows. She noticed then, an oddly familiar glass dome ceiling at the front of the mansion and another arched wall of glass at the back.
Her gaze narrowed on those panels of moonlit glass. She felt as though she’d seen them before. There was something about the glass that she knew…
Disoriented, she tried to think of the houses she’d visited since moving to Dunhaven Moor seven years ago. There hadn’t been many. Less than seven or eight homes in all, she assumed.
There was Belcourt, of course, Mrs. Beeton’s house. And there was Egerdall, Wynledge, Fairsworth, Ruthervine, Valenstone…
Emily went still.
Valenstone.
She stared at the house, reassessing its asymmetrical lines, westward-facing turret, soaring south tower…and conservatory. Her pounding heart skipped a few beats, making her grow even more faint. Valenstone!
Good gracious, of all the houses in Dunhaven Moor…
It would not be her first choice of places to seek refuge. For it was a frightfully unusual house that was even more haunting than it was beautiful. But it did have one very good, very convenient quality: it was utterly empty. Though it hadn’t always been so. It’d once housed a family—and their great heartbreak, as well.
Emily frowned at the mansion as its history came racing over her…
In 1845, a widower by the name of Victor Hughes had built the monstrous mansion, wherein he’d lived with his only son, Xavier, for a handful of years. During that time, they’d garnered quite a bit of local notoriety. For in that house there’d also lived a man named Jasper Duvane, the apprenticed foundling that the late Mrs. Caroline Hughes had once fostered before their rise to great wealth in the carpet weaving business. Though employed as a footman, it became well-known that the Hughes’ viewed Jasper more as family than as servantry. And when his proficiency with a paintbrush had been discovered, they worked hard to support the young man’s success.
But then, all in a single year, tragedy struck the men, one by one. First was Xavier, who’d died in a riding accident at the young age of twenty-one. Mr. Hughes, devastated now by the loss of his beloved wife and son, died by his own hand. The mansion was left to Mr. Duvane who, by that point, had become a well-sought landscape and portrait artist. Unfortunately, it hadn’t taken long before tragedy came for him as well: by the end of that fateful year, 1850, he’d mysteriously disappeared.
Emily recalled the day she’d heard the news. She had, in fact, been at Valenstone, attending one of his charity events. She’d only just given birth to Clara a few weeks beforehand and, additionally, was still fresh in her struggle with Clinton’s infidelity. Aggrieved, she’d escaped into the conservatory to be alone. It was not long after when she’d learned that the infamous artist—whom she’d never even had the chance to meet—had vanished.
Since then, Valenstone had been shut up and abandoned. And its lonely state and austere appearance lent it the deathly air of a gravesite. The house itself resembled an enormous headstone, and the notable paintings within it were, by all means, its epitaph.
Rumors about the place were quite rampant now. Rumors that questioned what might have really happened to Mr. Duvane and the Hughes men. Was the house cursed? Did their restless spirits roam the halls, seeking peace, resolution, or perhaps, even vengeance?
Emily gaped at the mansion, swallowing a lump in her throat. What if it was haunted? Could she stay there? Even for the night? Or would the open moors be the better option? Should she just keep going?
A stiff breeze pushed at her heavy skirts, and she wavered a bit, shivering. She tore her gaze from the mansion and looked around the moors, hoping to spot somewhere else—anywhere else!—to seek refuge. But everywhere she looked was hilly terrain, dipped with dales and fields. There were no distantly illuminating lights that identified Millwood’s location. There were no houses anywhere at all that she could see.
Nervously, she glanced back at the mansion, warring with herself. On one hand, to try and sneak into Valenstone was wrong; she would be trespassing. Also, if it was actually haunted, she was not at all prepared to be confronted by some restless ghost!
On the other hand, it would be foolish to leave such a hiding spot behind without even considering an investigation. She and Clara were at a point in their journey where they desperately needed a place to rest, a place secluded where no one would find them.
Valenstone presented the perfect solution to that need. It could hide them, shelter them. It was a frightful place, to be sure; but it was also a potential safe haven.
In truth, it might not even be that bad, once she got inside. She’d found solace there once, beside an angel. And it was there that she’d gotten her beloved painting. Perhaps it would bring her comfort to be there again, hidden away, near to the angel and more lovely works of art…
Groaning in apprehension, as it now seemed quite clear what she must do, Emily pulled the blanket more tightly about Clara’s body. Worry not, she urged in silence. We may be safest where it looks the most foreboding, my darling. And if for any moment, I feel we are in danger, we will leave.
Cautious, Emily began to descend the slope of the hill. The house seemed to grow taller the closer she drew—a monstrous beast swelling mightily under the moon. Meanwhile, the rest of her senses heightened. Her nose filled with the scent of rich, damp soil and stone. And a strange sort of quiet claimed the air; nothing stirred it but her breath and the stilted shuffling of her feet.
Reaching the mansion at last, she began rounding it. Her eyes slid up along the gothic windows, following their tiered shapes all the way to a stained-glass dome on the roof. She blinked, remembering seeing that dome above the entry hall when she’d last been there. The elegantly depicted angels in the glass had been a particular fixation of hers. And she wondered now what they would look like once the sun filtered through them.
Perhaps, if she managed to stay the night, she would find out in the morning.
Emily bit her lip as she finished her long trek around the side of the house and began wandering along the front. It was familiar. Somewhat like an old dream. She could still recall the array of carriages rolling across the winding drive. And despite the overgrown shrubbery, she recognized the sprawling courtyard with the isolated angel statues scattered throughout. They looked, to her, like martyrs to the landscape, vines climbing and strangling their smooth torsos.
Feeling uneasy, she severed her gaze from the statues as, finally, she came upon the massive front door. She reached out, balancing Clara against her. Her pale fingers stood out in sharp relief against the doorhandle as she jimmied it. As she should have expected, she was met with the resistance of a lock.
Perhaps I’ll have better luck with a window.
She backed away and turned around. But just as she took a step, the sound of rusted metal and creaking oak claimed the air behind her. She froze, instantly too terrified to move.
Her eyes settled on one of the marble angels in the courtyard. The statue smiled upward at the sky with a sense of undisturbed calmness. “There is nothing to fear,” its expression seemed to say—even as the earth consumed it from below.
Lightheaded, Emily looked over her shoulder. The door was slightly ajar, revealing a sliver of opaque darkness beyond it; Valenstone exhaled gustily into the open night.
“Dear God,” she rasped.
It’s all right. Everything is fine. There is a rational explanation for this. The door must have been unlocked all along. That’s right. It’d only been stuck, or rusted, and I’d pried it open without realizing it…Either that, or the lock is faulty; an unlikely possibility, but it does happen! There is a door like that at Whitmore Park, actually!
Emily blew out a long sigh, comforted by her rationalizations. For they were certainly easier to accept than the one that’d begun to creep through her mind like smoke…
That the door had been unlocked and opened for her.
Carefully, Emily nudged the door with her booted toe. It swung open, its hinges releasing a long, dissonant complaint. “Hello?” she called out—just in case. But other than the traveling echo of her own voice, she heard nothing in response.
Her fingers flexed against Clara. And she felt, again, the urgency of their situation. Clinton was going to wake up soon, if he hadn’t already. He was going to come looking for them. She needed a place to hide and rest.
Valenstone had presented itself as an option. It made sense to investigate it, to give it a chance. Because odds were, it really was just an empty house. There were no transients; everyone avoided this house like the plague. And the tale of ghostly residents was just that—a tale. She could not cower in the face of fiction. Not when her reality was so much more menacing.
With that thought in her head, Emily crept into the house and shut the door. When she went to test the lock, though, she discovered that there was no way in which to lock it at all. Not without a key.
Heavens… A house that requires a key to open it from the inside—what an imprisoning concept…
And yet it also told her she must have been right in her musings about the lock in general; it was either a faulty one, or it hadn’t really been locked at all. No transient could possess the key to Valenstone Mansion. And no ghost could have the wherewithal to use it either!
Emily stood still, listening, looking. It was cold, gloomy, and deafeningly quiet. She let herself adjust to the expansive hollowness before taking a step. Then another. Soon, she was beyond the vestibule and deep into the bleak, cavernous entry hall.
It was a little less dark there, and she looked up. Just as she remembered, the ceiling above her was a large, swooping dome made of stained glass. Its exact colors were still a mystery, but the translucency of the glass allowed the moonlight to filter through, clear and calm. She felt comforted. So she lingered there, ensconced in white light—and tried to focus on anything other than the fear that a set of ghostlike eyes might actually be upon her.



From the heavy shadows that encumbered Valenstone Mansion, Jasper Duvane stared at the moonlit woman in the entry hall.
He knew her.
Vividly and undeniably.
Her face was one he’d recognize as easily as his own, so often had it invaded his dreams over the last six years. Granted, upon seeing her wandering the grounds, he had not been so certain. He’d thought perhaps that he was seeing her likeness in someone else. Either that, or he was hallucinating.
Prolonged disparity did strange things to the soul, so it wouldn’t have surprised him.
But then he’d caught a clearer glimpse of her face, and his doubt faded under a dawning sense of conviction: it really was her.
Her name was Emily. She’d been in attendance at the charity ball six years ago. He remembered the way he’d felt when she’d snuck away from the event, invading the conservatory where he had also been hiding. He’d been frustrated, nervous. But it hadn’t taken long before her tragic beauty and words about cruel fates had rendered him fixed amongst the ferns.
The moment she’d left, Jasper had fallen into a deep well of emotion. She hadn’t realized it, for she hadn’t even known he was there, but he’d bonded with her grief, empathized with it. And he’d wanted resolution for her. But that hadn’t been what’d happened. Instead, she’d gone away as despondent as she’d come. And in turn, Jasper’s wallowing increased with the misery of his own circumstances.
That she had so suddenly returned now was as unnerving as it was incredible. What was she doing there this time? And with a child he could only assume was hers?
He’d let her inside, of course; she’d come by foot and was clearly in need of rest. But he couldn’t help but be wary. Why would she wish to be there, of all places?
Valenstone was only a sanctuary for those dead and gone.
Earnestly, Jasper remained hidden in the dark by the winding staircase and stalked her with his gaze. The sight of her transfixed him, almost as though he were actually witnessing a courtyard angel come to life and seek refuge from the weeds.
You are not made of marble, though, are you? he thought, his senses whirring. Nor are you a figment of my imagination. You are here in the flesh. Again.
His eyes raked over her—and then landed on the swollen bruise that bloomed across her right cheek. He had to stop the small sound that rose up inside him. My God, angel, where have you been? What horror have you seen?
Brow line sinking, he continued his secret assessment of her. She was dressed in a black gown with a matching mantle and bonnet. She was in mourning, he gathered. And judging by the enormous carpetbag at her shoulder, coupled with her desperate invasion of the mansion, she was running from something as well.
Odd, for it was the same manner in which he’d first seen her. She’d been running from something then too—or someone.
His mind flashed with images of the man who’d joined them in the conservatory that fateful night. What had been his name again? Clinton? Jasper felt certain the man had been the real reason Emily had hidden away in the conservatory. Could it be, then, that he was also the reason for her flight across the moorland now—or that stark bruise on her face?
Sickened at the thought, Jasper listened as Emily began walking toward the west hall. He lingered where he was, undetected, and let her go.
It was best he didn’t follow her; he wasn’t sure he was capable of remaining silent at the moment. And he had to be careful. She’d returned to Valenstone like a burst of sunlight, blazing and luminous. It was imperative that he kept his distance from such brightness, no matter how much it beckoned him forward. He could never get too close. He could never be seen or known. No matter how much he wished things were different, nothing and no one could ever change his situation.
Jasper’s twisted features pulled tight in a grimace. He then fled the entry hall, disappearing rapidly and without a trace. Later, though, after he’d slipped into total obscurity, he began to accept that he couldn’t ensure his ability to stay away. He’d let a wounded angel into his tomb, one that made him sorely tempted to be the one to protect her. Even if it meant he had to sacrifice the very protection of his own existence—and all the secrets that surrounded it.
To avoid such a fate, all he could do was hope that Emily wouldn’t need anything more than what she sought right then: the shelter and solitude of Valenstone Mansion. For if she did require more, he had an inkling he would do whatever he could to give it to her. And what then? What would she do if she learned she wasn’t really alone at Valenstone? It would only add to her nightmare, which would, in turn, add to his own.
It seemed to Jasper, then, that he was entirely at her mercy—and she didn’t even know it.



The opacity of Valenstone was almost impenetrable. Emily couldn’t see much of anything in front of her as she slipped deeper into the mansion. She knew, however, that she’d found a long hall; she could hear her own footsteps echoing ahead of her, and they traveled far.
Holding Clara with one arm, she slid her right hand along the paneled wall for guidance as she walked. She forced her mind to fill with pleasant diversions. Anything that might bring her comfort in such a moment. Dessert, as it turned out, was the first to make it into her thoughts.
Cherry cakes. Plum Pudding. Pastries.
Farther into the hall she went.
Trifles. Peppermints. Sponge cakes.
Just then, the house whispered with movement. Emily stopped where she was. All images of confectionary delights dissipated in an instant. She looked back the way she’d come. She could see the entry hall; the moonlight was still spilling in from above.
“H-hello?” she called into the house again, her blood turning to ice.
No one answered her.
Cautiously, she continued on. She could feel herself turning a corner in the hall. Seconds later, she slipped into absolute darkness.
Lemon custards. Sweet biscuits. Fruit tarts!
Emily quaked, holding on to Clara with all her might. She needed to find a room she could shut them away in together. But where were the rooms? The hallway seemed never-ending.
At long last, she felt the frame of a wooden door. Her fingers fumbled around in search of the doorknob. When she found it, she turned it fast, and into the room she went blindly. She slammed the door behind her and locked it—relieved that this one, at least, required no key.
Disoriented, Emily breathed in stale air that hadn’t been stirred in six long years. She looked around. Windows with open dress curtains permitted the calm white moon into the massive room. And all around her were an abundance of sheet-covered chairs, settees, and tables. A waiting room, she deduced. Perhaps the parlor or the drawing room.
I’ll take it, she thought, weary on so many levels.
Emily placed her heavy bag on a table and headed for one of the settees. As she did, Clara yawned and nuzzled closer. Emily joined their cheeks together. Poor girl. When she next awoke, her world would be quite changed; she would not be in her room, but somewhere unexpected and new. And her beloved nanny would not be there with her as usual, either.
But I will be, Emily informed her daughter with silent reverence. From now on, wherever you are, I will be there too.
Emily removed a sheet from a resplendent, rose-colored settee. She placed Clara atop it, grateful when, even still, the girl did not rouse. What must it be like to sleep with so much peace, so much faith?
Hopefully, one day, she herself would know.
Emily took off her mantle with a sigh, then her bonnet. Then she removed a sheet from a nearby chair and sank into it. Her eyes slid shut, and she laid her head against its high back. She sat there for a while, listening to the silence as her body hummed and ached.
But while she was finally at rest, her mind still raced with memories. Again, she saw Clinton sprawled on the bedroom floor; Bess standing in the nursery doorway; the rushing descent on the main stairs at Whitmore.
A flood of feelings came upon her then, holding her down beneath their sudden ferocity and weight. Tears followed suit. But Emily let them come; she needed to get them out so they did not creep up on her when Clara awoke. The last thing she wanted was for her daughter to see the fear and sorrow in her eyes.
And so Emily cried for a long time.
A long, long time.
Just when she’d thought she was done, new tears came. But that was because she cried for so many reasons. She cried for her younger self, for her loss of innocence and the years of abuse that she’d suffered. She cried for the wild battle that she’d fought that night—and won. And she cried for Clara and all the precious moments that’d been stolen from them both.
When at last, her heart was unburdened, Emily wiped her cheeks and took a shuddering breath. She looked out the window. Out there, somewhere in the distance, a hell storm was brewing. But tucked inside Valenstone, she felt far removed from its path. She was safe there. Hidden. She and Clara had found a semblance of peace—and right then, despite all the unknowns that lay behind and before them, that was all that really mattered.
Chapter 4

Rainbows


The first rays of morning light found Emily sitting limply in the armchair. She had slept a little. Perhaps four hours or less. And though she had not reached a deep slumber, she did feel able to muster the strength to leave that morning. Much to her surprise, however, she also felt a bit of reluctance.
Valenstone filled her with many contradicting feelings. She was entrenched in an urgent situation, and yet she felt separated from the mess and chaos of it. The house sheltered her, allowed her to disappear. It hid her in plain sight. And she simply wasn’t eager to leave such security behind—not when the world was so bright outside and she would be so easily discernible in it.
And so, as she sat there in the newborn morning light, Emily found herself fighting a new battle. Should she wait to go and travel again at night? Once the sky had traded the burning sun for the solemn moon, she would be better concealed. And in the meantime, she could let her body rest a little longer.
It was an appealing idea—one she was becoming more and more inclined to accept.
If only she could shake the notion that the house was haunted. Then, perhaps, she would be able to stay with little to no concern at all. But the house made noises that fed her apprehension. Not footsteps exactly, but creaking wood. Settling sounds. They moved from the walls to the ceiling, then down again, deep below. It gave her the creeping sensation that should she look over her shoulder, a hair-raising apparition would be there, watching her.
She did not want to see a ghost. Not Mr. Duvane’s ghost. Not Mr. Hughes’, Mrs. Hughes’, or their son’s. Not anybody’s.
Emily sat forward and rested her face in her hands. She massaged her temples and shoved back thoughts of staying or leaving. She would think about it all again later, after Clara awoke, and make a decision.
Gradually, Emily pushed herself from the chair. She eyed Clara, who was, bless her, still fast asleep. Then she began to look around the brightening room. And there was a lot to look at, too.
Elegant artwork crowded the walls, fighting competitively with mirrors and windows. The tabletops—which, during the night, she’d stripped of sheets in the ill-fated pursuit of matches for a candle—were filled with ornate vases, porcelain figurines, bone-white candlesticks, and empty oil lamps.
Her gaze lingered on several of the paintings. One in particular caught her attention. It was different from the others. More detailed and precise in technique. She moved closer, examining the painting in thoughtful contemplation.
It was a portrait of a boy. He was young with chestnut brown hair. And he was in the throes of a dramatic play-fighting scene, his sword drawn and his hobby horse in mid-gallop. He looked real. Astonishingly so. Indeed, the painting appeared more like a photograph than something created by hand.
Rather like the one she’d had at Whitmore…
Her eyes wandered to the bottom righthand corner of the painting, where initials were scrawled in black.
JD.
“Jasper Duvane,” she said aloud. “Of course it’s yours.”
Right then, the sound of squeaking wood echoed from somewhere beyond the room. Emily turned and looked at the door, alarmed. But, as so many times before, the sound died and disappeared.
Houses creak, she reminded herself. Wood expands and shifts on its own. Stop fretting…
“Mama?”
Gasping, Emily whirled around, forgetting all about strange sounds and inspired paintings. There, standing in front of the velvet settee, was Clara. Her brown curls, still adorned with ribbons, were mussed sweetly about her face. And in her hands, she clutched her blue blanket.
“Mama,” she said again, a nervous lilt in her voice.
Emily went to her. “Hello, Clara,” she murmured, kneeling before her.
“Where is Nanny Bess?”
“Nanny Bess is not here right now. But I am.”
Clara pulled her blanket closer. “Nanny Bess is not here?”
Emily shook her head.
“Will she come later?”
“…No. It is just us for now.”
For now. She had choked on the words. They were not the truth. Because if everything went according to plan, Bess would never be seen or heard from again. But that wasn’t what Clara needed to hear right then, and Emily understood that.
Clara withdrew a step.
“Clara, it is all right,” Emily whispered.
“I want Nanny Bess.”
“I understand. I am sorry. May I hug you?”
The girl shook her head, and tears began filling her beautiful brown eyes.
Emily came to her feet. “Wait there.” She hurried over to her carpetbag. She picked it up and returned to Clara, who still stood before the settee, her booted feet rooted to an ornate burgundy rug.
“Here,” Emily said, setting down the bag and opening the engraved clasp. Carefully, she retrieved Bessie Doll. “Look what I have.”
Sniffing back a few tears, Clara dropped the blanket and reached for the toy. Emily was at once filled with a bittersweet sort of pain she was all too familiar with. She stooped over, retrieved the blanket she herself had made, and put it away.
“It’s Bessie Doll,” Clara said into her doll’s yarn-covered head. “Thank you.”
“You are very welcome.”
Eventually, as comfort began to sink in, Clara looked around the room.
“We are visiting a new house,” Emily explained. “Valenstone Mansion. Isn’t that exciting?”
Clara did not reply.
“The house is quite grand,” Emily went on, sounding desperate even to her own ears. “Look at all the interesting things around us.”
Clara wrinkled her nose; she was not impressed. And to be frank, Emily didn’t blame her.
Think of something else…
“Are you hungry?” Emily asked.
Clara shrugged, distracted.
“I would bet that you are. In fact, I think a bit of gingerbread is just the thing you’re craving…”
The mentioning of sweets collected Clara’s attention like a magnet gathered lead.
Emily mustered up a bit of playful energy and lifted her eyebrow. “I am right, aren’t I?”
“…Do you have some?” Clara inquired in a small voice.
“Hmmm. I wonder. Let me look. Ah-ha!” Emily retrieved the napkin from the carpetbag and held it up high. “I think I found some!”
Clara smiled, the last of her tears receding. She moved closer. Emily unfolded the linen and showed her the contents within. The gingerbread was a little crumbled, but it smelled spicey and delicious. And like Emily, Clara was not picky when it came to sweets; she would eat them in whatever form they came. It was one thing the two of them had in common.
“Go on, eat it up,” Emily insisted when Clara nibbled on the edge of the treat. “You don’t have to be polite for my sake. Not today.”
Clara blinked a few times. But she obeyed and took a large bite. Crumbs went skittering onto the floor.
Emily grinned. It was a simple task, providing food for her daughter. But it gave her a rush of satisfaction.
“Would you like some water now, Clara?”
“Yes, please.”
Emily pulled out the canteen from the bag and unscrewed the lid. She lifted it to Clara’s lips and watched her drink from it. Then she herself took several swigs before putting it and the now empty napkin away. When she looked back, it was to see Clara gazing at her earnestly.
“What is the matter?” Emily asked her.
Clara hugged her doll, saying nothing.
Emily sank onto her knees again. “Now, there,” she crooned. “It is all right. Talk to me. What is on your mind?”
“What happened to your face?”
All feelings of lightheartedness fading, Emily took a few measured breaths. Her fingers skimmed over her cheek. “Oh, don’t worry yourself over that,” she said, somewhat weak. “It is just a minor injury, and it will heal soon enough.”
The awareness in Clara’s eyes was too painful to see; Emily had to look away.
She knows the truth, she thought, sick. Poor darling. Of course she does…
“…Where did Papa go?” Clara asked.
“I believe he is at Whitmore. I thought it might be nice if we took a trip together, just you and I.” Emily reached out and began untying the ribbons from Clara’s curls. “In fact, Clara, things are going to be different from now on. You will see me more often. Much more than just during teatime. I will also be feeding you, dressing you, and putting you to bed. I am your mother, and I want to do those things for you. Is that okay?”
Clara’s attention switched to the floor in surprise. She fell silent, thinking over what Emily had said. After a while, she looked up again. Her eyes shimmered with what appeared to be a mixture of shyness and hope, and she said, “Yes. That’s okay.”
Emily held Clara’s gaze, smiling, and she felt her heart soar to heights it’d never reached before. She had been praying for this moment for the past six years. And there it was. She was in it. She had offered to be Clara’s sole caregiver, her mother in every sense of the word, and Clara had accepted.
It would take the devil himself to separate them now.
And as far as Emily knew, he had not yet left Whitmore.



An hour later, Emily had collected their things and placed them on a table. She switched back and forth between watching Clara—who was finding amusement in playing with the tasseled fringe on a table cloth—and staring outside in contemplation.
By that time, she’d begun to accept that she wanted to stay at Valenstone—at least until nightfall. It just felt too risky, running directionless in the open light of day; the cover of night was safest.
“Well,” Emily began with a sigh, her mind fully made up, “I should tell you now, I have decided we will not be leaving this morning; we will go when it is nighttime.”
“Nighttime?”
“Yes.” Emily gave her a tight smile. “And we’ll walk.”
“Walk?” Clara turned from the table. “We’re going to go for a walk…at night…”
Emily nodded as if the notion was the most natural one in the world. “It is good exercise. But if you grow tired, I will carry you so you may sleep.”
“Where will we go?”
“To Millwood. We will board a coach there. Then we’re headed for the railway.”
“And then where will we go?”
“…To Westbeck. It is quite far, and we will need rest for our journey. A good reason for us to stay here longer.” Emily paused. “You may have noticed by now that our clothes are black. It is part of the reason for our journey; we are in mourning.”
Clara looked around the massive room. She held her doll closer. Then she looked out the window. “In morning? I don’t understand.”
“This sort of mourning is different from the sort of morning you’re thinking of, like the day. When people say they are in mourning, they mean that someone of significance has passed away and that they themselves are in a position of grief. They wear black to signify that.”
“Who died?”
“Oh, just someone in the family. I will explain it in greater depth to you another time. Perhaps once we’re in Westbeck. All right?”
“…Okay.”
Hearing the lingering questions in Clara’s tone, Emily sighed. “I know you are still confused, darling,” she acknowledged. “I have no wish for you to feel like your questions are discounted or ignored. I promise to divulge all that I can to you in due time. And if ever I don’t tell you something, it isn’t because I don’t trust you; it’s because I’m protecting you.”
“Protecting me?” Clara repeated.
Emily swallowed. “Yes.”
They stared at each other for a long, silent moment.
Then Clara looked toward the window again. “May I go outside and play awhile?”
Emily cleared her throat. “Actually,” she said, “I think it is best we idle our day away inside. We will spend plenty of time outside later when we leave.” Her own eyes shifted away, and not to the window, but to the drawing room door. “In fact, I rather had a mind to locate the library and browse some maps…”
“The library? Oh!” Eagerly, Clara got up, doll in hand, and started walking.
“Now, now.” Emily stood from the red velvet conversation chair. “You wait there. I wish to take a look down the hall first.”
She stared at the solid oak door as she approached it. Then, opening it cautiously, she peered into the hall. It was as she’d suspected it to be: a long and winding gallery. It had several cast-iron sconces with glass oil lamps lining the walls. And similar to the drawing room, there was busy wallpaper warring with mirrors, artwork, and dark wooden wainscoting.
She looked to the right. There were two more rooms in that direction; they were far, separated, and their doors were securely closed. To the left was the direction of the entry hall. She looked to the right again, biting her lip. If she wasn’t mistaken, that was the direction of the ballroom…
She wondered if it still looked how she remembered.
Turning back, Emily walked over to where their belongings rested on the table. She put her mantle and gloves into her bag. “Before we leave the room, I want you to know this house is not like Whitmore. For one, it is much bigger. And for two…” Emily paused. “Well, we are alone in it.”
“Yes. You told me. Nanny Bess and Papa stayed home.”
“Right. But there is also no one else here either. No servants. No host. No one at all.”
Clara looked up at her in bewilderment.
“The man who used to own this house does not live here anymore,” Emily explained. “His name was Jasper Duvane, and he left a long time ago. The servants left after him. I am telling you this so you know not to wander off. It will be hard to find you by myself in a house as big as this. I don’t want you to get lost, hurt, or become afraid.”
Clara kissed her doll and gave it a hug. “I’m not afraid. I have Bessie Doll with me.”
“Even still, you must stay at my side at all times. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
Emily gathered her carpetbag and bonnet. She held out her free hand to Clara, who obediently took ahold of her fingers. Then they left the room.
Emily’s gaze traveled over the assembly of paintings as she led the way down the hall, to the right. There were so many. Some were big, others were very small. And most were created by the former master of the house. She did not even need to look for the initials anymore; she knew which ones were his.
He’d been such an extraordinarily talented man…
In some ways, she felt as though she was getting to know him, being in his house, surrounded by so much of his art. She wished she’d gotten the chance to know him in real life. Perhaps if he hadn’t disappeared, she would have met him at the ball. At least then she would have had a more grounded perspective of his character—something that would have been beneficial to her now that she was in his home…potentially alongside his ghost.
Stop that! There are no ghosts here!
“Let us look in here,” she said over the stuttering of her heart.
She pushed open a set of double doors with a flourish. The ballroom spread out in bleak, melancholy bareness.
“Wow,” Clara gasped, leaning forward as her voice reverberated throughout the room. “It’s so grand!”
Emily nodded, dazed. For Clara was right; it was an enormously grand room. Long wooden beams arched along an imposingly high ceiling. From the center beam were three paraffin oil chandeliers, cobwebs adorning them in thin, fragile veils. A great mirror dominated the left wall, while eight windows carved out the opposing one. Emily stared at everything, her mind filling with candlelight, twirling gowns, and mindless chatter…
“Mama? What’s the matter?”
Emily looked down to find Clara staring at her. “Why do you ask?”
“You’re sad; I can see it in your face.”
She blinked, surprised by her daughter’s astuteness. Had Clara always been able to read her expressions so well? It was an awful thing to contemplate, considering Emily had been miserable most of the time.
“I…” Emily faltered. “Well, I am a little sad. I am remembering when I was last here.”
“You’ve been here before?”
“When you were a baby.”
“Really? Was I with you?”
“No. You stayed at Whitmore—and I did not like being here without you.”
“I don’t think I would have either, had I been you. This house is too big to be all alone in it.”
“Oh, it was not nearly so empty back then. In fact, there’d been a grand ball that’d taken place in this very room while I was here.”
Clara looked. “With dancing?”
“Oh, yes.”
“And beautiful dresses and music?”
“In abundance.”
“And even that didn’t make you feel less sad?” Clara asked, incredulous.
Emily dropped her gaze. “No. But I wasn’t here very long. The ball ended early.”
“Why?”
“Mr. Duvane left,” she answered simply. “I didn’t even get the chance to meet him, to see him at all. It was the only thing I’d been looking forward to that night—to meet the man whom everyone always talked of with such fascination.”
“Was he a nice man, then?”
“So I was told.”
Emily shut the doors, resituating the strap of her carpetbag against her shoulder. “At any rate, let’s keep going. I wonder what is in that last room down there.” She led Clara farther along the long gallery, to the final door at the end. Upon opening it, she peered into the large room beyond, nervous—and was then instantly relieved. She sighed. “It seems we have found the library,” she said with a smile. “And what a handsome room it is, too…”
Clara pulled her hand away and ventured ahead, into the room. It was an interesting, cylinder-shaped space with a high-pitched ceiling. In the back was a huge fireplace, which possessed an ornate wooden mantel. A towering array of rich mahogany bookshelves lined the entire wall on the left. Windows were again on the right. And everywhere else were clusters of sheet-swathed seating areas, the furniture beneath undoubtedly made of finely crafted wood and sumptuous leather or velvet.
Before the wall of books, Emily let her bag hit the floor with a thump, her bonnet landing atop it. She looked up along the high shelves. “Why don’t you choose one for yourself, Clara?”
Clara wandered close to the books as well. She selected one, pulling it down. “P-O-E-T-R-Y,” she spelled. Then she sounded it out. “Poetry.”
Emily looked over at her. “That’s impressive.”
“Thank you. I am not very good at reading yet. I am still learning.”
“That’s quite all right. We’ll practice together. Hold on to your poetry book. I will read it to you in a little while; you can follow along with your eyes to learn the words.”
Clara hugged both the book and her doll against her chest, smiling. Emily smiled also and meandered onward. Eventually, she found a section of the shelves which contained books of maps and atlases. She thumbed through several until she found one that specifically pertained to counties within England.
“There you are,” she murmured, holding it close, just as Clara had done to her poetry book. “Just what I need to find my way around.”
She turned, about to settle into a chair to review it. But then she caught sight of her daughter peering past the doorway and into the hall again. Guilt moved through her. Poor Clara; she was clearly bored and needed something to do—something other than sit around and wait her turn. Emily straightened, deciding that she herself could be the one to wait; she had all afternoon to review the book of maps, anyway.
“Clara, would you like to walk around some more?”
Clara looked back at her, surprised. “I thought you wanted to look at maps.”
“I can do that later. There is a great deal more left to be discovered in this house—I can feel it in my bones. Let’s go seek it out.”
Clara’s smile was animated as she nodded in agreement. And collecting their things again, Emily guided them back into the long hall. When at last, they came upon the entry hall, Emily’s gaze veered upward. She stopped where she was again, her hand reaching out to stop Clara as well.
“Oh my,” she said, dazzled.
“Oh my,” Clara echoed.
The domed glass ceiling…
Emily had thought it would be incredible. But it was so, so much more than she’d anticipated. The curved panels of glass were long, leaded, and textured strikingly with scrolled, leafy emblems. Amidst the greenery were several heralding angels with raised trumpets, their wings outstretched. And, quite like Valenstone’s angel statues, their expressions were frozen in eternal tranquility—a haunting quality now, given the house’s mysterious state of abandonment.
“Rainbows!” Clara exclaimed.
Emily’s attention lowered. Sunlight filtered through the glass, casting blue, green, and red patterns on the wooden floor. The room was positively aglow with color.
“My word,” she said to herself. “I feel like I am in a dream.”
“The most beautiful one of all!” Clara squealed, pointing with delight as she wandered around.
Emily smiled at the happiness in her daughter’s voice and demeanor. It was the first real burst of joy she’d seen from her in…well, a very long time.
Slowly, Emily turned about and continued looking around the room. Along with the floor, color drenched the breathtakingly ornate staircase, which hugged the wall as it circled the room, tumbling down from the second floor. She moved toward it, stopping before the first step. Her ears pricked, and she found herself listening for the creaks she’d heard so often throughout the night…
Nothing.
“Mama, look!”
Glancing back, she spotted Clara twirling in a circle. Her poetry book was discarded on the floor, and Bessie Doll was held out before her.
“I am dancing at Mr. Duvane’s house!” Clara declared. “It’s like the ball!”
Emily laughed. “You’re magnificent, darling.”
“Oh, magnificent—I like that word! I learned it the other day. It means wonderful, and I am wonderful; I am wonderfully magnificent!” Clara spun a few more times before going still again. “Won’t you dance too?”
“…Me?”
“Yes! You weren’t able to dance the last time you were here. Dance now—with me!”
“Oh…well, I…”
“Please?”
Emily exhaled in a rush, her smile growing. “Very well. Why not? I would love to dance with you, Clara.”
Setting aside their belongings, she joined her daughter in the center of the entry hall.
“Hold my hands,” Clara demanded, having placed her doll on the floor beside her book.
Emily obeyed, clasping hands with Clara. “Now what?”
“Spin!”
Emily stumbled a bit as Clara began twirling them around. She felt awkward at first; she had never played with her daughter like this before. She wasn’t sure if she was doing it right, or if Clara would be patient with her if she wasn’t.
But then, a small and unexpected peal of laughter erupted from Clara’s belly. Emily stared down at her as she fumbled along, enchanted by the incredible sound. And she knew then she must be doing something right. Something very right indeed if she’d been able to elicit such a laugh as that. It was the sound of true happiness, a sound she wouldn’t grow tired of hearing for as long as she lived.
Giggling as well, Emily leaned back, insisting that they twirl faster.
Chapter 5

Where the Shadows Dwell


Jasper was struggling.
All throughout the night, he’d felt the pressure of knowing that Emily was back; it crowded each of his senses, and the temptation to wander in her direction had become overwhelming. Particularly when he’d heard her crying. God, the little sounds she’d made. They’d been so soft, so agonizing.
They’d very nearly broken him.
He’d paced through the house, distraught as he listened. And yet, he’d stayed away.
Now he was faced with another situation that tempted him beyond measure. She and the girl were laughing in the entry hall together—uncontrollable in their delight.
And listening was, with sudden acuteness, no longer enough. He wanted to see them. He needed to. But to do so would risk being seen himself…
“Faster, Mama! Go faster!”
“Faster?! Clara, I think I am already going as fast as I can!”
“Come on—you can do it! Go!”
“Oh, all right, then!” Emily cried. “You asked for it! Hold tight!”
Undone at last, Jasper tore through the house in secret. He found his way onto the second floor, and then, just beside the landing, he peered around the corner.
Saturated in the color-filtered morning light, Emily and the girl were twirling in circles, bound together at the hands. The sight beguiled and transfixed him. So much so that had either of them chanced to look up, he didn’t think he’d have the wherewithal to disappear in time; they would see him, a vision of fright at the top of the stairs. And then they would flee for certain; he’d lose them to the day just as quickly as he’d won them from the night.
Nevertheless…
Nevertheless…
Knowing how impetuously he flirted with danger wasn’t enough to motivate him to move. So he remained there on the landing, half in shadow, half in sunlight, and watched.
“Oh!” Emily swooned playfully, ceasing their spinning. “I cannot do it anymore! I am too dizzy!” She sank onto the floor in a heap of billowing black silk and white petticoats. “Let me rest.”
The child dropped to Emily’s side in concern. “Are you all right, Mama?”
Mama. Jasper tilted his head to the side, still fascinated by the fact that Emily was indeed her mother—one of the many details he’d helplessly overheard that morning. And again, as before, he wondered where the father was—and who he was. A scowl traced his brow as the probable answer moved through him: Clinton.
God help you both if that’s true, he thought. I can’t imagine that man making a good husband or father to anyone—which makes me wonder again, Emily, if that’s why you’re here. You’re running from him, aren’t you? Hiding here just to bide your time…
“I will be well enough in a moment,” Emily told her, breathless as she lay back on the floor.
“…I’m sorry.”
“Sorry? Whatever for?”
“I made you feel dizzy.”
“Oh, but that is not your fault. Remember now, I have not danced in ages—and definitely not like that.”
The girl seemed to think about her response. Then she placed her hand on Emily’s shoulder. “Well, if you practice, your endurance will improve.”
“My endurance?” Emily stifled a laugh behind her hand. “What a big word for a little girl! Very well. I will take your advice, Clara. Thank you.”
Jasper’s gaze swept over the child, and he studied her closely. With dark hair like her mother’s and cheeks that looked as pink as a newborn rose, she was truly lovely. And judging from the information he’d been gathering, she was about six years old. Which surprised him. She had a bright sensitivity about her that lent her the air of someone older.
“Are you better now?” Clara asked, stroking her mother’s hair in a loving manner.
Emily smirked and shut her eyes. “That feels nice. And I am still resting, thank you. I am quite comfortable, actually.”
Clara waited. “How about now?”
“Still resting.”
“Now?”
“…Still resting.”
“Now?”
Silence.
“Mama?” Clara leaned forward, trying to get a good look at Emily’s face. “Are you sleeping?”
Suddenly, Emily sat up, grasping Clara and pulling her into her arms. “How can I sleep with all this pestering?!” she teased.
Clara erupted into laughter, and the sound radiated through Jasper like an electrical current. “My goodness, you are very silly today!” she cried.
“I am silly, yes,” Emily agreed, kissing Clara on the cheek. “But I’m happy too.”
“Happy?”
“Oh, very.”
“Why?”
Emily flashed a dazzling smile, and her bruise nearly disappeared under the warm flush in her cheeks. “You, of course. You make me the happiest of all.”
Clara gaped at her, seemingly as caught by that smile as Jasper was. “And silly too.”
“Yes.”
“You were never silly before.”
Emily’s smile faded, and she released Clara, coming to a stand. “It was not appropriate for me to be silly at Whitmore.”
“Why?”
“…Let me just say that we are both free to act however we wish now,” she said.
“Because we are alone here?”
“Yes.”
On the contrary, angel, you are not alone. Not alone at all…
“When we leave,” Clara began, “will you still dance and be silly with me?”
“Oh, I most certainly will! I should also like to teach you proper dances, too. Like the waltz and the quadrille, for example.”
“Do you mean it?”
“Of course. Would you like that?”
“Very much,” Clara said, bouncing up and down. “I will learn to dance like I am at a real ball! One of Mr. Duvane’s!”
Jasper’s heart clenched. He just couldn’t seem to get used to hearing them say his name; it sent a thrill through him every time. Specifically when Emily had mentioned how much she’d once wanted to meet him, that she’d never even seen him at all. Such a revelation had been an overwhelming one for him to absorb…
“Well,” Emily said, sighing, “I suppose we should go ahead and move on now. What do you say, Clara?”
Move on? Jasper tensed. I thought you weren’t leaving until nightfall…
“All right,” Clara replied. “Let me get Bessie Doll, and then we can go.”
As they began gathering their things, Jasper felt an agitated surge of desperation rise inside him, threatening his silence. Rapidly he began tracing their figures with his eyes, sketching them into his memory—just as he usually did when he didn’t want to forget something beautiful or significant. Because this was exactly how he wanted to remember them: blissfully happy, drenched in colorful light…
Emily and Clara began walking away. Jasper took an involuntary step toward them, mourning the loss of their vibrancy and sound already. But instead of departing through the vestibule as he expected, they veered to the right and roamed into the east hall.
Bewildered, Jasper gripped the wall. Then relief poured into him, centering him.
They weren’t moving on from the mansion, after all. Just to a new part of it. They were staying…
He released a gruff sigh, turning and pressing his back to the wall. Hidden by the shadows once again, he cradled his forehead and tried to sort through his jumbled feelings. He was, of course, glad that they were staying longer; it meant they were under his own roof where he could supervise their safety—and listen to their mesmerizing movements.
But God, it was also agonizing for the very same reasons! He was already split in two over the desire to keep his distance and the desire to move closer. The longer they stayed, the more likely it was he would be drawn out again!
Eventually, it wouldn’t be long at all before one of them saw him…
Just keep resisting; stay away from them, he instructed himself. And soon enough, this maddening experience will be over. Because angels don’t linger where shadows dwell for long; they inherently seek the light—and places I simply cannot go.
Jasper turned and stalked down the upstairs corridor, ready for the house to swallow him whole once again. His mind and heart, however, followed Emily and Clara against his will, possessed by the sound of their voices as they headed farther into Valenstone.



“Let us see what is down here,” Emily said as she meandered into another hall.
Right away, she noticed it was as long as the previous one, and it contained several doors. The first door opened to a small anteroom, which was connected to the much larger vestibule through an adjoining passage. The second door revealed what Emily presumed was the morning room—an impressively-sized space, heavily wallpapered and wainscoted. It housed a table that could seat six comfortably, a chandelier overhead, and a hutch on the right.
In the back of the room was yet another door. Emily led Clara toward it. It turned out to be the entrance to an empty butler’s pantry, which had yet another two doors waiting inside. Beyond the first one was the servants’ courtyard. And the second one connected the pantry to the innards of the third main room in the hall, one of the biggest rooms they’d seen thus far.
“Gracious, look at this, Clara,” Emily breathed, stepping inside. “It is a dining hall fit for the Queen herself!”
Undeniably meant for entertainment, the dining space was extraordinary in its size and splendor. It had a long mahogany table that stretched beneath two suspended paraffin chandeliers. At least twenty chairs surrounded the table, each one etched with detailed cherubs, griffins, and figural maidens.
A mantled fireplace loomed to the right. A single, yet enormous stained-glass window encompassed the back wall. And throughout the room stood an imperious set of matching furniture, comprising of a two-door China cabinet, a server, and a sideboard.
Enchanted, Emily lingered there for a while, simply staring. Then, from behind her, she heard Clara moving about. She turned in time to see her wandering out of the room.
“Clara,” she said, hurrying after her, “what did I tell you about leaving my side?”
“It’s okay, Mama. Look at this!”
Emily followed her down the hall, and together they stopped in front of a door that was made of glass. Her heart flubbed unevenly in her chest. For she knew, at once, where she was: the conservatory.
Breath held, she peered through the door’s dirty panes. A rush of air escaped her, fogging the glass further. Lush plants filled the room, not dead, but thriving, taller and fuller than before. And how? How had it all survived for so many years on its own?
“Remarkable,” she whispered, opening the door.
She and Clara slid into the room, which smelled of wild jasmine, citrus, and earth. She looked about, noticing for the first time an iron staircase that tumbled down from a second-floor landing. It was exquisitely crafted, and she admired it until she came upon the angel statue erected in the center of the room.
There you are…
“What a magnificent angel,” Clara said, looking around Emily’s dark skirts at the statue.
All Emily could do was nod. The stoic, peaceful presence of that massive angel had a humbling, calming effect on her—same as it had when she’d first found it; its silent observance of her pain made her feel less alone in a world that had quite forsaken her.
Emily bit her lip, meeting the angel’s pale, stoic gaze. Its patient expression and folded wings made it appear as though it really did care for her position—whatever it may be. And unlike the other angels out front, it wasn’t being claimed by the earth; it was being worshiped by it, as if by some kind of magic.
Granted, there were probably broken slits in the glass overhead, ones that permitted a fostering rain for the greenery below; but Emily chose to overlook that fact. She was desperate for a little faith, and so she leaned into the feeling, choosing to believe that the angel somehow inspired life instead of death.
Comforted, she turned around to find Clara had relocated again. She was now seated on a wrought iron bench, her legs swinging as she looked up and about. “I like it in here,” Clara told her. “I feel like I am outside even though I am not.”
“I suppose that is the point of such rooms. Nature can be kept alive in a safe and protected space where we can visit it always.”
“Can we come back again before we leave Valenstone?”
“We’ll see. Come along now, Clara. We haven’t gone upstairs yet. Would you like to go there?”
Clara hopped up from the bench. “I would. Let’s go and…” She peered up at Emily. “What is another word for explore?”
Emily lifted her brows and ushered Clara forward. “Another word for explore?”
“Yes. I am trying to…to…oh, how did Nanny Bess put it?” Her tiny brow furrowed. “Broaden my vocabulary,” she enunciated with careful slowness. “Did I say that right?”
Emily smirked—even as the mentioning of Bess gave her a slight prick of pain. “You did, Clara. Well done.”
“Thank you,” Clara said, sounding very proud of herself. “So another word for explore. Will you give one to me, please? One I do not know.”
Emily thought about it, entering the hall again. “How about investigate?”
“Oh, investigate! I like it!” She held up her doll in the air. “Mama, Bessie Doll—let us go investigate!”
Emily touched Clara on the shoulder. “Not that way,” she said, looking toward the end of the hall. “It is just a set of stairs there, you see? They only go down, so my guess is they head to the basement serving area.”
“You don’t wish to investigate down there before we go upstairs?”
Emily eyed the black stairwell at the back of the hall. She instantly started shaking her head. “No, I don’t think I do.” She pulled at Clara’s sleeve. “This way now. Back to the rainbows…”
Together they wandered away again, looking over the many paintings in the expansive hall as they went. Smiling a little wistfully, Emily stopped before a depiction of deep, evergreen foliage.
“So very beautiful,” she said to herself, amazed at how even a picture of something so simple was captured with such brilliant whimsy.
Eventually, when they re-entered the large entry hall, Emily’s attention returned to the domed ceiling overhead. She admired it until she reached the staircase. Then her gaze sank, wandering over it. Rich and dark, it tumbled with great majesty along the wall from an upper corridor, landing before her in a beckoning manner. She reached out and touched the carved banister and listened to the house—again. She’d heard some shifting earlier, while twirling with Clara. But to her relief, everything had grown quiet since then.
“All right,” she said, expelling a breath. “Let’s go up.”
Emily began mounting the stairs. But to her surprise, Clara danced around her with sudden and reckless buoyancy, turning this way and that as if collecting the colors that were tossed everywhere. She tripped a few times before making it to the top. And on the landing, Emily felt forced to pull her to a stop beside the tapestry.
“Clara,” Emily began, feeling eager, yet still green in her new role as caregiver, “I understand you are excited, but I do not want you to dance about on these steps again.”
Clara sighed. “I am fine, Mama. Look—I am not really hurt at all.” She gave a little spin.
“Presently, you are well enough, yes,” Emily said, holding on to her daughter’s hand to still her. “But if you take to the stairs like that again, it may not end so well. They are dusty and very slippery; there is a good chance you will slip and hurt yourself. So take more caution, will you? For both our sakes.”
Clara’s lips pursed. “You certainly worry a lot,” she mumbled, but still, she nodded dutifully.
Satisfied, Emily stood up straighter. And side by side, they turned and faced the bleak corridor ahead—and both of them froze at once. It went farther than surely, either of them expected. There were a few windows in the back, which illuminated the parade of wall sconces, wainscoting, busy wallpaper, and many corridors that branched off.
And as for the number of doors…
They also just seemed to keep going. There were so many, one right after the other. Too many.
Emily eyed the first door on the right. Perhaps they should just pick one room to investigate for now…
She marched toward the door and opened it. The room was dark, but she could tell it was a guest bedroom. Perfect to settle into and rest, perhaps while finally pouring over some maps as Clara poked about.
“I’m going to open the drapery,” Emily informed her, and she rushed straight to the windows and shucked aside the emerald muslin. Bright light flooded in, revealing two arched gothic windows with ornate tracery and one sash window in between them.
She opened the sash, letting in some fresh moorland air. Then she turned to look. The first thing to greet her eyes was the massive, four-poster bed made of gleaming oak. Apple-green silk drapery was suspended from the ceiling, encasing the bedposts. Every other piece of furniture was cloaked in sheets.
As Clara ran to look out one of the windows, Emily set their things on the floor. She wandered over to the foot of the bed and stared at it longingly. It was, without a doubt, the biggest bed she’d ever beheld. And other than it being riddled with dust, it was also the most inviting thing she’d seen all day.
Deciding to nest a bit, she began stripping the mattress of everything but a few pillows, which she fluffed and pounded until they were clean. In an oak chest, she found neatly folded sheets and a heavy quilt, and she remade the bed with them. She stepped back, hands on her hips and admired her handiwork.
It wasn’t much to look at. A little homely, actually, considering the grandiosity of everything else. But it was clean, at least.
Without warning, Clara dashed past her and leapt onto the bed. She giggled when the pillows bounced high.
“I think we should stay here and relax awhile,” Emily told her. “I have those maps I want to review. And I could read you some poetry, as well.”
Clara nodded, snuggling in on herself, her doll and book held close.
Smiling, Emily began bustling about the room, removing the cloaking sheets from the rest of the furniture. In the end, she found several things that might be of use to them before it was time to leave: a box of matches, a candlestick holder with a single candle, and a white ceramic chamber pot. Suggestively, she showed Clara the pot, her eyes questioning.
Clara shook her head. She patted the bed. “Actually, I think I want to stay like this. Will you come here and read to me awhile, like you said? Poetry before maps?”
“I would enjoy that, yes. Let us take our shoes off and get comfortable. Our feet deserve a break.”
Once their shoes were removed and placed beside the carpetbag, Emily accepted the poetry book from Clara’s hands.
“Where’s my blanket, Mama?”
Warmed by the question, Emily turned and retrieved the blanket she’d made. Then she handed it over, and Clara took it against her lovingly. Together they settled onto the bed, atop the quilt and pillows; their skirts belled out in swaths of black silk.
When Clara snuggled into the crook of Emily’s right arm, curling up like a small kitten, Emily went very still. For it struck her then that they were in the midst of yet another first: they hadn’t ever cuddled before. Their interactions had since been restricted to short conversations in drawing rooms and in the garden for tea.
This was intimate.
This was precisely what Emily had always longed for.
Kissing Clara’s curls, Emily breathed in her sweet scent. “I love you,” she said.
“I love you too, Mama,” Clara mumbled, and she sounded much more tired than before.
Emily shut her eyes, needing a moment to absorb the clear and brilliant delight those words elicited. Then she opened her eyes and the book simultaneously. She began to read the first poem. Fifteen minutes later, eleventh poem in, Clara’s body had grown heavy, her breathing, slow and steady.
Realizing the girl had fallen asleep, Emily stopped reading. She stared up at the hanging green drapery above her before accepting the insistent pull of her own exhaustion. Sleep. Yes, perhaps it was a good idea to get some sleep before nightfall. She hadn’t gotten more than a few hours’ worth during the night; and she could not say for certain when she’d get the chance to rest again…
Just a few hours, she thought to herself as she set the book aside and snuggled even closer to her daughter. She yawned. I will only rest…for a few hours…and no more than that…
It was the last thing Emily remembered before exhaustion claimed her, pulling her under and blanketing her in peace.



It felt like a long time had passed before consciousness invited Emily back again. If she was to judge the sky beyond the windows, she would guess three to four hours had gone by, at least. It was darker. Cloudier. The sight made her roll toward it and snuggle inward, eager to sleep longer. And why shouldn’t she? She had no daily routine anymore. There were no servants barging in to awaken her, to fuss over her as though she had glorious plans for something other than needlepoint in the sitting room. All she had to worry about now was the safety and wellbeing of herself and her daughter.
As thoughts of Clara filled her mind, Emily reached behind her, expecting her hand to meet with Clara’s warm skin and soft curls. When she felt nothing, she rolled back over again—and to her instant horror, she saw that Clara was not there at all. Only the blue blanket remained.
Emily bolted upright. “Clara?” she croaked.
The bedroom door was wide open.
“Clara!”
Emily shot up out of bed. Scenarios played through her mind in flashes. Clara could be lost, alone, scared, and crying. She could be hurt…
Dear God, the stairs! What if she fell down the stairs?!
Entering the hall, Emily’s stomach lurched. At the top of the landing, just before the first step, was Clara. She was holding Bessie Doll loosely at her side, her little face turned low as she gazed downstairs.
“Okay, I will go back now,” she was saying softly. “I won’t fall.”
“Clara!” Emily cried.
Clara looked over at her. “Hi, Mama.”
Emily raced ahead, falling to her knees before her daughter. She grabbed her by the shoulders and turned her so that they were facing each other. “What are you doing out here?”
Clara studied her curiously. Then she pointed downstairs. “I wanted to see the rainbows. But they’re all gone now.”
Emily peered down into the empty entry hall. The room, which had been filled with vibrant colors earlier, was once again a grey, dismal space, washed clean of the merriment she and Clara had last experienced there. In fact, the only thing she could envision when she looked at it now was Clara lying crumpled near the bottom step. How very close they’d come to such a disaster! It made a violent rush of anxiety grip her, twisting her insides until she felt wrung out.
“Clara,” Emily said, “you could have gotten hurt. It is not safe to be out here without me, without anyone at all!”
“Oh, but I was not alone, Mama. I—”
“Clara,” Emily interrupted, frustrated, “your doll cannot provide proper supervision. You mustn’t leave my side in this house again! Do you understand how dangerous it was for you to come here alone? Do you? Do not ever do that again. Ever!”
Emily watched in growing distress as a wall of tears built in Clara’s eyes.
“Go away!” Clara finally choked. She pulled back and ran to the other side of the landing. She bumped into a little table on the way, nearly knocking over a candle and two white vases.
“Clara, wait!”
Clara huddled low in the corner. She curled her legs up to her chest and pressed her forehead to her knees. Bessie Doll became crushed mercilessly in between.
Emily stared at her, aggrieved by her reaction. Then she followed after her. She sat herself on the landing as well. “Darling, I—”
“Nanny Bess! I want Nanny Bess now!”
A fresh wave of grief crashed over her. “You…you want Nanny Bess?”
“Yes!” And then, as if a dam had burst inside her, Clara broke down into ragged sobs. Bessie Doll dutifully bore the brunt of it, her tattered hair and stitched face darkening with Clara’s tears.
Emily felt her own gaze sting. She reached out and petted Clara’s hair, trying not to feel too guilty—or jealous. “I know you love Nanny Bess,” she replied. “You must miss her.”
Clara cried harder. “You yelled at m-me,” Clara wept. “I hate yelling.”
“I…”
“You sounded scary—just like Papa.”
Emily’s shoulders sagged, her heart splintering. It seemed the damage Clara had incurred at Whitmore was rearing its head at last. Poor child was traumatized.
Emily scooted closer, huddling up against her. “Clara, please forgive me. I did not mean to scare you, and I should not have yelled. I was just so frightened and worried for you.”
“I don’t care! I am frightened now!”
“…I see that. And I promise to never yell like that again; I should have known better anyway.”
Clara sniffled.
“Please, pardon my thoughtlessness,” Emily entreated. “I have been your mother for six years, but I am only just being granted the chance to actually take care of you. I am learning how best to do that. So have patience with me and know that I am trying.” She pulled her close. “The thought of you being hurt terrifies me like nothing else.”
“I didn’t fall.”
“I hear you.”
“I listened, and I was very careful. I am safe.”
“Okay. Thank you. I am glad you are safe. And you were good to be careful. From now on, though, I want to help keep you safe too. Let me do that. Even when you feel I am unnecessarily fretting over you. I love you, Clara. I always have and always will. Do you trust that?”
Clara peered up at Emily. Tears dampened her cheeks. “…I do.”
Emily wiped at her daughter’s face. “Then please, listen to me now: no more wandering off alone.”
Under her breath, Clara murmured something.
Emily couldn’t hear her, and she leaned forward. “Say that again.”
“I was not alone,” Clara repeated.
“Darling,” Emily sighed, “I know you feel like Bessie Doll is sufficient, but—”
“No, I am not talking about Bessie Doll.”
“Oh…well, yes, I am here in the house too. But I wasn’t on the stairs with you, you see. And that’s why—”
“No,” Clara interrupted again, frowning at her. “Mama, there was someone else.”
Emily went very still. Her vision tunneled as she stared into her daughter’s eyes, trying to ascertain the sincerity of her claim. But Clara’s gaze was full of earnestness—and even a hint of bewilderment.
“Someone else, Clara?”
“Yes.”
“Where?” she whispered, trying not to give voice to the panic that was lacing its way through her veins like poison.
Clara looked away, toward the stairs. “Down there.”
Emily gave herself a moment before glancing down at the entry hall. It was empty, as far as she could tell. There was no movement. No sound. No hints of anyone at all.
“Who did you see?” Emily managed to ask.
“A sad man.”
Emily’s gaze snapped back to Clara’s. “A sad man?”
“Yes. His face is hurt.” Clara dried her doll absently with her forearm. “He said for me to keep back from the stairs, and I listened to him. I did not fall down.”
“He spoke to you?”
“He was worried for me.”
“Worried for you…”
Clara nodded. “He said that my place was with you, and I should not leave you again. He also told me that you would cry if I fell, and he didn’t like to hear you cry.”
What?!
“But then he disappeared,” Clara went on. “I looked away when you came, and then I looked back—and he was just gone, Mama.” Her expression turned thoughtful. “I think he is Mr. Duvane.”
“D-did he tell you that?”
“No. But who else could he be?” She looked around. “This is his house, isn’t it?”
Emily’s breath leaked from her lungs, astonishment gripping her by the throat. While she had wanted to believe the house wasn’t haunted, she’d known there was still the chance of it being true; she’d known there was a possibility that they might be in the company of a ghost. But in her mind, that ghost had been one that drifted invisibly about the house. One that, perhaps, existed on a reel in time, merely going about its business without even knowing they were there.
She was not prepared to handle one with intelligence.
Nor was she prepared to handle the other, perhaps even more dangerous possibility that opened up in her mind—that there was someone present who wasn’t actually dead, but alive. Someone who had been hiding from them. Someone who’d been watching and listening to them this whole time…
Dear God, what a fool I have been!
Emily swept Clara into her arms and stood. Her body felt as though it was humming, and she was unsteady as she hastened back toward the bedroom. Mentally, she ticked off the scattered locations of their belongings. She wanted to collect everything as soon as possible.
Staying in Valenstone until nightfall had quite suddenly lost its appeal.
Upon entering the room, she set Clara down. As she did, she could hear what sounded like wood shifting deep within the house. She whirled around, listening as it moved upward, onto the second floor. She slammed the door shut, locking it in blind terror. Then she hurried to where their things rested on the floor. She grabbed her mantle and started donning it.
“Mama.”
Emily nearly jumped out of her skin and whirled around again. “Y-yes, Clara?” she stammered on a whisper.
Clara looked at her peculiarly. “Why are you getting dressed?”
“Because it is time to leave. Get your coat on.”
“Right now?”
Emily shivered as she assembled her bonnet on her head. “Yes.”
“But I don’t want to walk in the rain!”
Hands freezing midway through tying the black silk ribbon beneath her chin, Emily gaped at her. “Rain? It is not going to rain…”
“Yes, it is.”
Clara sounded certain. Too certain.
“Why do you think so?” Emily mumbled.
“The man told me. He said that’s why the rainbows are gone: it’s going to rain.”
Dread gathered like a ball of knotted wool in Emily’s stomach. She looked at the windows. There was an enormity of heavy, black clouds beyond them.
Rainclouds.
No…
Almost instantly, raindrops began tinkering against the roof overhead. Emily’s shoulders drooped, her arms falling to her sides. And she watched, helpless, as the glass became streaked with the tears of a traitorous sky.
“Oh, Clara.” She shook her head, terrified. “What do we do now?”
“We stay here, of course.”
Emily shut her eyes and sank onto the floor. She pulled off her bonnet again, overcome, and hid her face in it. They were trapped. The rain might as well have been fire. They were going to have to stay at Valenstone—a house that, as it turned out, wasn’t so abandoned after all…
Chapter 6

The Ghost of Valenstone Mansion


Careful not to let the candlelight flicker revealingly into the night, Emily slipped behind one of the draperies, to where it was dark. She peered past the gothic, intersecting tracery, desperate to catch a glimpse of the moors, the sky—anything other than the imprisoning walls behind her.
Unfortunately, the sun had set hours ago, and there wasn’t even a shred of moonlight permitted through the clouds. Intermittent flashes of lightning did, however, provide some illumination. She was able to see brief views of the stormy moorland, and even flickers of her own reflection in the glass. This comforted her—but only a little. For in between the bursts of light, and beyond the quiet flame of the candle on the nightstand, Valenstone’s opacity was just as all-consuming as she remembered.
And she and Clara were not alone in it.
It was for certain now.
A man with a wounded face had confronted Clara on the stairs. He’d shown himself to her. He’d spoken to her.
Since learning the news, Emily had become weak with trepidation. And it was a different kind of fear than the one that’d incapacitated her for so long at Whitmore. This fear was of something unfamiliar and strange—potentially, a ghost. One with intelligence and fortitude.
Or he was not a specter at all! He was alive. And like a phantom, he shared the mansion with them. He was lurking and listening…waiting.
Neither option lessened her concern. Instead, they joined forces and preyed upon her quivering heart. She felt full of different imaginings, possibilities. Tortured by them.
Who was he? Was he actually Jasper Duvane? Did he want anything from them? Would he leave them alone?
Another rumble of thunder convulsed the sky. Emily shrank back as the house shook and the windows rattled. She resettled the drapery and began pacing the room. Her gaze swayed toward Clara.
Currently, the girl was resting atop the bed, fully dressed and ready to flee should the rain let up. And unlike Emily, she seemed quite at peace with their situation. She was not fazed at all by the storm or by the fact that they were probably about to spend another night in Valenstone Mansion.
Indeed, her only concerns were for the fading candlelight…and for the man downstairs himself. All afternoon, she’d asked about him, calling him only by name.
Mr. Duvane this…Mr. Duvane that!
She’d gone on and on about how thoughtful he’d been to look out for her, to speak to her of rainbows with such patience and kindness…
Patience! Kindness! Thoughtfulness!
Emily shivered, the words bouncing around within her like foreign objects. Phantom men and ghosts didn’t seem to be synonymous with such descriptions. More likely, they were ghoulish, fearsome, and dangerous…
Weren’t they?
Emily frowned at the elegantly crafted rug beneath her feet, her arms crossing. Oh, it didn’t matter! Let the man be as nice as he liked! Truly, she hoped that he was as wonderful as Clara believed him to be! Lord knew they already had one great enemy; they didn’t need another one. Regardless, it didn’t change the fact that there was no reason to engage with him any further. There was no reason to speak to him at all!
But even as she acknowledged this, Emily couldn’t help but wonder…
What would happen if, in fact, he was given the opportunity to communicate again? What would he say? And why hadn’t he said anything before then?
Plagued, Emily’s mind traced over every moment she’d been there. The weeping in the drawing room, the twirling in the entry hall, the discovery of the flourishing conservatory—he must have paid witness to all of it.
And yet, he left us alone. It was only when Clara wandered into an unsafe situation that he revealed himself at all…
“Mama,” Clara said, sitting up on the bed.
“Hmmm?”
“…The candle is almost out.”
Emily glanced at the withering flame on the nightstand again. “I know.”
“I don’t want to be in the dark. Can we get another candle?”
Brow furrowing, Emily didn’t reply. She hadn’t decided what she wanted to do about that particular situation. She knew she was going to have to make a decision, though—and soon.
Because while the concept of leaving the room to retrieve a fresh candle was altogether daunting, she didn’t exactly want to sit with nothing but the stormy night either. Already, the shadows were descending on the room, easing into the corners like ghosts themselves. And with every minute that passed, they were growing that much larger…
Feeling at war with herself, Emily halted and faced the door. Beyond it, she knew more candles existed. The closest one she recalled seeing was actually just on the landing. Not very far at all. If she hurried, she could run out, get it, and come straight back again.
Good heavens, stop thinking about it and just do it! The longer I wait to face this, the worse it will be.
She turned to Clara, spine lengthening. “All right. We don’t have much time until the candle burns out.”
Clara peered over at her. “You mean we get to go look for one now?”
Emily shook her head. “No, I am going. And I will not be gone long, nor will I even be going far. There is a candle just out on the landing.”
Vague disappointment entered Clara’s eyes. “…Well, if you see Mr. Duvane, will you at least say hello for me?”
Emily’s pulse jumped. “I have no intention of speaking to anyone at all.”
“Oh, but you should! You should thank him for being so kind to me. And he wanted to keep you from crying too—”
“Enough, I beg you,” Emily shuddered. “Now, follow me to the door. I want you to lock it when I leave, and don’t reopen it until I return.”
Emily faced the door again, squaring with it. Then, before she lost her nerve, she headed for the table and snatched up the box of matches. She struck one quickly. When its flame glowed in her hand, she eased toward the door, opened it, and peered into the corridor.
Darkness bloomed all around. Particularly to her right, where the corridor tunneled into a vast and unexplored region of the mansion. To her left, she could see very little as well. But she knew the landing was in that direction. So it was there, into that abyss, that she needed to walk.
Emily looked back at Clara, who had trailed after her and was now watching her with interest. “Lock it behind me, Clara,” she reminded her.
“I will.”
“Okay—I will be right back.” Emily steeled herself and slipped into the corridor.
Just before shutting the door, Clara replied, “Unless Mr. Duvane comes to you first—and then you may take a bit longer than you think.”
Emily stifled a gasp, and Clara closed the door, locking it straight away.
Mischievous child! What a thing to say to me at such a moment!
Emily looked about, holding her match out. Terror gripped her by the throat, but she began creeping forward anyway. She focused her thoughts on Clara sitting alone, the light beginning to dwindle. It helped push her onward, into the endless gloom before her…
Finally, the landing and the table became visible under the light of her match. Once there, she spied the candle sitting imperiously between the two white vases, just as she remembered. She lowered the match to its wick. The flame swelled brighter, expanding over the landing.
Thank heavens!
Emily shook out the match and set it on the table. Then she reached for the candle, prepared to flee. But when creaking movement echoed up from somewhere below stairs, she stopped again, fingers trembling in the open air.
Not a breath of a second later, a midnight voice entered the darkness with her. “Do not fear me.”
Emily bumped into the table, feeling her world spinning. She would have run away, but the danger of fainting had become altogether too real. Gripping the table, she steadied herself.
“G-go away,” she whispered, unable to look at anything but the candle. Too afraid to try.
“You may wish me gone, but I cannot leave.”
She shook her head. It only made her dizzier.
“I know you are afraid of me,” he said. “Do not be. I mean you no harm.”
“How…how can I be sure of that?” she managed to choke out.
She turned at last, placing her back against the edge of the table. She could feel the warm glow of the candle behind her like a hand upon her back, soothing her. Even still, her mind went cascading into a helpless tailspin. She nearly fell to the floor.
“Time will prove my sincerity,” he answered. “Please, believe me.”
“I have no time; I am not staying.”
“…You are here now.”
“Only until the rain relents!” she told him with quiet fierceness, holding fast to her senses.
“And if it does not relent soon?”
“I am not a prisoner. I will leave when I wish! You will not stop me.”
“No, I will not stop you. I will let you go—just as I let you go the last time you were here.”
Emily’s jaw slackened, her breath fluttering out in a gasp. Her gaze tunneled into the bottomless pit that stretched out beyond the landing. “What did you just say?”
“I have parted from you once already,” he informed her. “I am not unused to it, Emily.”
Emily! He knows my name!
“Who are you?” she demanded, forcing conviction into her tone, which in turn, made her feel a little stronger.
Silence crowded the mansion until Emily could not stand it anymore. She would have liked to have supposed that he’d gone, but she knew he hadn’t. She would have heard something; the house moved when he moved.
“You are still there,” she said. “I know you are. Answer me. Who are you?” She swallowed. “Are you Jasper Duvane?”
“It does not matter who I am,” he replied at last, and her skin tingled at the returned sound of his voice. “What matters is you are more afraid of who is in this house with you than you are of who is beyond it, hunting you, even now—and you need not be.”
She blinked, stunned. He not only knew her name, he also knew she was running from someone! How? How could he know these things? All of it seemed so utterly impossible!
Just then, lightning flickered above the dome. The entry hall became illuminated just enough for her to see that no one stood below. No one that she could see, anyway…
“Oh, I don’t care what you say anymore. I have had enough of this!” She turned for the candle.
“Wait,” he beseeched. “Please, don’t run away from me. My desire was to set you at ease. Have I really only made things worse by trying?”
The unmistakable sadness in his voice forced her to hesitate. And his words hung in the air like a vaporous fog, gently loosening the knot of fear inside her. She looked back again, turning slowly.
Somewhere downstairs, a floorboard squeaked.
“I will not harm you,” he pressed.
“…I want to believe that.”
“You may believe it. I swear to you, I would never hurt you.”
She felt herself give a small nod—a vague gesture, but one he seemed to notice right away.
“Will you try and trust me, then?” he asked.
She teetered, wavering. “As much as I can trust a phantom or a ghost or whatever you are, I suppose I can try,” she relented finally. “And just what are you, exactly? It would ease my mind to know.”
Lightning flickered again. And to her amazement, she could just make out the sight of an ambiguous figure ease from the eastern hall and into the entry hall. It stood apart from the other unstable shadows. It had form and shape. Emily’s eyes widened, her entire body stiffening.
“Just a man,” he said with inescapable softness.
Just a man?! she cried inwardly. Truly?!
“Emily.”
The sound of her name rising from the obscurity below made her breath catch. “Yes?”
“…Might you consider allowing me to do something before you leave? I must warn you that it will challenge your fear. But I beg you, do not give into it. Let me do this one thing, and then I will leave you be.”
“What are you going to do?” she rasped.
“Give you my trust in return for yours.” He paused. “Stay very still. I will show you.”
Before she could reply, he moved; she could see him beneath the flickering storm as he approached the stairs—a hulking black silhouette. And the closer he came, the clearer he became. Little by little, she began to discern the fairness of his skin and shirt, which contrasted starkly with his black trousers and coat.
Emily reached behind her and retrieved the candle. She thrust it out in front of her. Its creeping light found him downstairs, and she gasped.
His hair, so deeply brown it was nearly black, lay in long swaths past his shoulders. And his face—it was a mask of ghostly pale skin stricken with savage scars. The snarls churned primarily along the right half of his face, pulling at the corner of his eye and vining down his neck. She suspected they went well beyond the collar of his shirt, as well; for they reappeared on the backs of his hands, warping the skin of his fingers.
God, what’d happened to him? Was it an accident of some kind? A fire, perhaps?
The poor man…
Her musings fled as he began to ascend the stairs. Each step brought him closer to the light, further illuminating the grim details of his face. It felt like a challenge, a dare. He was ferociously giving her the full picture, the unedited version of himself.
He was also giving her the time to absorb what she saw and formulate her reaction—though just what that was yet, she wasn’t even sure. She couldn’t think straight enough to decide. His presence was too dizzying, the sight of him, too heart-wrenching.
At last, he reached the landing. A rush of air followed up after him, blowing over her the scent of the house: rich wood and earth. His unexpected closeness blanketed her thoughts until she couldn’t think at all. She knew only that he was there before her—a shadow man, delivered from the dark, revealed in his entirety.
Can I trust you as I hope, or will you run from me now? his expression seemed to ask as he looked away from her.
It seemed to her then, that she was not the only one feeling anxious. Could it be? Was he as troubled by the moment as she was?
The idea smoothed the raw edges of her nerves. I think he fears my fear of him…
“Meet my gaze,” she whispered.
His intense brown eyes shifted, connecting with hers—and something indescribable ignited in the air between them. She felt it, like a zinging, almost painful jolt. And she knew, somehow, that Clara was right. He would not hurt her. Or anyone, for that matter. The tortured man before her was both innocent and sincere.
“I said I would let you go, and I want you to know I still will,” he said, and she watched in wonder as his mouth claimed the haunting voice from below stairs. “But this time, I could not do so without feeling your eyes upon me. And while it is with a brutal sort of agony that I stand here before you right now, I wish for it as I have wished for nothing else in my miserable existence. I have been in this house, unnoticed and unseen, for far too long.” He scowled slightly, his features contorting in the candlelight. “So tell me now, Emily—I know your daughter has warned you what I look like; am I as gruesome as you imagined?”
Unable to speak just then, Emily gave herself a moment. “I am not sure what I imagined,” she said finally.
“Have I frightened you again?”
“Mystified is a better word to describe what I’m feeling, I think,” she breathed.
Emily could tell it was not what he’d expected to hear, and the effect it had on him was immediate: his brows relaxed, his mouth lost its grim shape, and his gaze, slowly but surely, became less turbulent.
“What is your name?” she implored. “I need to know.”
“No, you don’t.”
“I do! It scares me more—all the not knowing. Please, tell me…”
He hesitated. “Jasper,” he confessed at last.
She blinked rapidly. But she felt more validated than surprised. Deep inside, she’d known it was him—just as Clara had. “What happened to you, Jasper?”
Echoes of a painful story played across his features. “Enough to where you must promise me that when you leave, you will not come back,” he said. “And no matter what, tell no one about me. Because I am not here. You never saw me. You never spoke to me at all.”
Emily’s hand lifted to her abdomen, her fingers splaying over the strict lines of her bodice. “But Clara…she already suspects who you are. In fact, she’s rather convinced of it.”
“Then impress upon her the importance of keeping me a secret.”
“Is your safety in jeopardy? Is that why you are hiding here?”
He looked at her sadly. “Let me just say that it is as much for your sake as it is for my own that no one discovers your knowledge of me.” He came forward a small step. “With that said, I have no regrets; being seen by you has erased years of being invisible. And I am also glad you know my name—no one has said it in ages. Just remember not to mention it to anyone other than Clara. Ever. Do you understand?”
Gracious…
“Yes,” she whispered. “I promise I will tell no one. And I will ensure Clara understands the situation as well.”
“Thank you.”
“…You’re welcome.”
His gaze invaded hers, searching…lingering. Then he glanced beyond her. “Clara is growing concerned.”
“What?”
“Mama,” Clara suddenly called through the door. “Is everything all right out there? The candle is almost out.”
Stunned, Emily gaped at him. “Everything is fine, darling,” she told her. “I’ll be right there.” Lowering her voice, she asked Jasper, “How did you know she was concerned?”
“I heard her change in movement,” he said. “She has begun pacing.”
“…You can hear that?”
“My world is normally a silent one, Emily. Every sound registers quite acutely to me now.”
She nodded, a little dumbstruck. “I will make sure Clara and I keep quiet, then.”
“No.” The abruptness of the word struck the air between them like a thunderbolt.
She stiffened. And against her will, the faint urge to flee came upon her. Not because she was afraid of him, but because instinct still ruled her. She was going to have to relearn how to respond to male voices—or any sort of harsh tonality at all. She was not unlike Clara in that way, it seemed…
Fortunately, Jasper seemed to sense the way she recoiled, and with a clear effort to alter his tone, he murmured, “Please, do not be quiet for my sake. Every sound you make is music to me.”
Emily’s heart turned over. What a tragic, yet lovely thing to say…
“Mama! It’s getting darker now…”
“Go to her,” Jasper whispered.
As if in a trance, Emily obediently turned for the corridor again. But she only took a handful of steps before realizing she hadn’t even bid him farewell. So she veered around to face him one last time—and then halted where she was.
The landing before her was deserted. Jasper had completely disappeared. Without warning at all, he was just gone, quite as Clara had described.
Her eyes veered to the tapestry on the wall. The heavy fabric itself was motionless. But the corded tassels that dangled along the bottom swayed, just a little. Their movement verified the rush of his sudden vanishment, perhaps the only indication that he’d been there at all. She reached out, touching them in wonderment. Then she peered behind the tapestry, which concealed, of course, only wall.
Emily stepped back. She held the candle out in search of him as she turned around. “Jasper?”
Not a word followed her echoing call. But somewhere in the house, at an inscrutable distance, she heard the shifting creaks. They were dissonant. Fading.
Just a man, indeed…
She began backing away, taking the candlelight with her. When the bedroom door was unlocked for her, Emily reentered the room to find that Clara had changed into her nightgown.
“…You were with him, weren’t you, Mama?”
Emily shut the door behind her with a gentle click. She looked around, listening to the dying storm. Her attention settled on a painting of a young, brown-haired boy above the mantle. She could feel secrets begin easing from the walls. She was surrounded by them—so much more than she knew or could ever understand.
Or ever would.
Clara came closer. “Won’t you answer me?”
Emily retrained her gaze onto her daughter. “Yes,” she admitted. “I was with him.”
“And? Was I right? Isn’t he as nice as I said?”
Emily nodded.
“Tell me what happened,” Clara urged. “Is he really Mr. Duvane? I want to know.”
“We’ll talk about everything tomorrow,” Emily said. “For now, let’s just rest. My mind is spinning.”
She went to the nightstand and set the new candle beside the old one. Then she climbed onto the bed and lay down. She shut her eyes, and her mind filled with Jasper’s image. She listened as his voice moved through her, pleading and coaxing. Then, unbiddenly, her favorite painting entered her thoughts.
The very one created by Jasper Duvane himself.
Her memory of the bright, heavenly sky was clear, and its influence over her was still fresh. She felt transfixed and soothed by it, just as she’d always been. It seemed quite impossible to her then that anyone who was worthy of fear could have ever created something so wonderful. For that painting had saved her, time after time—and it was saving her again, even now.
Jasper, you poor soul, she thought, throwing one arm across her eyes as Clara climbed onto the bed beside her. I know not why you are here, hiding from the world like this. But my heart insists you do not deserve it.
“Are you all right?” Clara asked.
Emily sighed. “I am better than I was, darling,” she mumbled.
Except that now, like you, I feel I’ve grown a new concern—one for someone else altogether. Someone who haunts this house as real as any ghost ever could. Emily shook her head, dazed. And leaving him alone here will be a much less gratifying experience than I anticipated.
Chapter 7

A Phantom Rescue


When morning arrived at long last, Emily sat in a chair by the open window. The rain had since abated, and the sky was brilliant and pure blue. And as she enjoyed her last few minutes in her nightgown, she mused quite fixedly over her haunting encounter with Jasper Duvane.
The sight of him ascending the stairs played constantly in her mind. Again and again, she saw his warped skin, his long, sweeping hair and deep eyes. And she continued to hear his earnest suggestion that any noise she made was music in comparison to the endless silence he normally existed in…
It was a heartbreaking sentiment.
To think that such commonplace sounds like conversation, laughter, and footsteps were so rare they were considered musical. Had he then been listening to each and every move they made? Had he always known right where they were and what they were doing?
What about now? Did he know Emily was awake?
Her skin rippled with goosebumps at the idea…
Just then, Clara sat up and looked around sleepily. Emily stood from the chair, setting aside the jar of pickled peaches she’d been dabbling at. “Good morning, Clara.”
“The rain has gone.”
“It certainly has. We are leaving within the hour; we cannot afford to wait any longer. Come along—let us wash up a little before we go.”
Clara folded her blanket and set it aside. She placed her doll on top. Then she padded toward the washstand with a yawn. Her hair was a riotous confection of curls that morning, and it made Emily smile to see it; it reminded her of her own hair.
“Must I wash?” Clara muttered.
“You must, yes. We have a long journey ahead, and we will only get dirtier. Stand over here; I will scrub us both up a bit. And I warn you now, the water is cold.”
Clara yawned again, but nodded.
Emily took the white porcelain pitcher, which she’d set on the sill and filled with rainwater the night before, and poured it into the basin. She took her rose soap and lathered it up. With as much thoroughness as she could, she washed and rinsed their faces, hands, and hair. Then, still in their nightgowns, she redirected them to the vanity table and stool.
“Nanny Bess used to sing to me in moments like this,” Clara said after sitting down so Emily could begin running a brush through her hair. “She has a pretty voice.”
Emily stilled, feeling an old, familiar pang of jealousy. She recalled hearing Bess hum and croon at night. She herself had often stood at Clara’s bedroom door, listening, full of envy and longing.
“You truly do miss her, don’t you?” she acknowledged.
“Very much. I wish I could have said goodbye.”
“I know. I’m sorry you couldn’t.”
“…I won’t be seeing her again, will I?”
Emily held her breath. She didn’t want to answer that question. So she tried to think of a way around it. “I suppose no one knows anything for certain,” she said at last.
Clara looked up at Emily, eyebrows raised in question. “Will you sing her song for me, please? It will make me feel like I am with her again.”
“Oh, I…Clara, I am not very familiar with Nanny Bess’ lullaby.”
“You never heard her sing it? Not even once?”
“Oh, I have. I just don’t know the words…or the full melody, really.”
Clara’s expression crumpled a bit. “Oh.” She refaced the mirror.
Panicked a little to find a solution, Emily rushed on to say, “But I do know a different song that I could sing to you instead.”
“Really?”
“Yes. It is my favorite parlor song. My own mother used to sing it all the time.”
“What’s it called?”
“Forever Yours.”
“Sing it!”
Emily started to nod, but hesitated as a tendril of nervousness wormed its way into her stomach. Jasper was listening. She knew that now for sure. Should she start singing, he would hear her. And that made her dreadfully insecure. What if she sounded off-key? What if she awoke him from whatever slumber he was afforded?
But then, like smoke, his voice echoed across her thoughts, reminding her of his plea the night before. ‘Please, do not be quiet for my sake. Every sound you make is music to me.’
“Sing, Mama,” Clara prompted once more.
“Oh, all right,” Emily mumbled, releasing a sigh. She pushed all thoughts of Jasper to the back of her mind. And feelingly, she sang to her child, from her heart:

“Once, when I’d felt so young and free,
my heart was untamed and wild.
I had not one responsibility,
except to be but a child.

I spent my days breathing in earthly wind.
Perched in trees, my spirit would fly.
I did not yet know what would soon begin,
or that love was so very close by.

But how could I know, the path I’d be taking,
the heights my heart could soar?
I’d thought I was free, but I was only waiting.
I am now and forever yours.

You are mine. Yes, it’s true.
I shan’t fear love, born anew.
I am now and forever yours.

Time swept me up high, showing the world to me,
and I leapt fast and deep with arms wide.
You were there, tossed into the same vast sea.
To you, I was drawn like the tide.

I felt in my soul, a sudden remembrance,
as you fixed upon me your bright stare.
Your face was foreign, but your heart, I could sense,
I had met once before, somewhere.

But how could I know, the path I’d be taking,
the heights my heart could soar?
I’d thought I was free, but I was only waiting.
I am now and forever yours.

You are mine. Yes, it’s true.
I shan’t fear love; not with you.
I am now and forever yours.

My heart has awakened in bright recognition.
I loved you in a life gone by.
Now I’ve found you once more, and it seems the affliction
was one we had never let die.

So should I lose you again, ever, my love,
know I will always stay true.
I’ll have faith and trust in all that’s above.
Fate will guide me straight back to you.

But how could I know, the path I’d be taking,
the heights my heart could soar?
I’d thought I was free, but I was only waiting.
I am now and forever yours.

You are mine. Yes, it’s true.
Don’t fear, love; I’ll find you.
I am now and forever yours.”

Emily looked into the mirror to find Clara staring at her.
“You sing very nicely, too, Mama,” she said, her cheeks rosy with warmth and happiness.
Emotion clogged Emily’s throat. “Thank you.”
“What is the song about?”
“Love, of course.”
“Yes, but there is a story in it. Explain it to me.”
“Well, it is about two people who share a great, timeless love, and they find each other again and again.”
“They keep getting lost?”
Emily smirked. “No. They keeping finding each other, despite all the things that have separated them. Even time itself. They are destined for each other.”
“Do you believe in that kind of love?”
“I do.”
“…Do you love Papa like that?”
Emily stilled for a moment. Then she kissed Clara on the top of her head. “I love you like that.”
“Me?”
“Of course. There are many different forms of love, not just the romantic kind. And as your mother, I was destined to love you with all of my heart and soul, Clara Belle. I know that for a fact.”
Clara smiled. “Do you think everyone is destined to love someone?”
“In some form or another, yes.”
“So everyone must also be destined to be loved back. Right?”
Emily lifted her brows. “Maybe not by the same person they themselves love, but yes; I think everyone is destined to love and be loved in some form or another.”
A gentle silence fell between them.
“I wonder who Mr. Duvane loves and is loved by,” Clara mused suddenly. “There will be no one here with him at all after we leave.” She turned on the stool and gazed up at Emily. “Could we say goodbye to him before we go?”
“…I do not know.”
“Why?”
“It’s complicated.”
Emily went to the bed and gathered Clara’s black dress, coat, stockings, and shoes. Returning, she laid them on the vanity table.
“You didn’t correct me when I said his name,” Clara pointed out as she let Emily dress her. “So I was right. He really is Mr. Duvane.”
Emily hesitated. Then she sighed. “Yes, Clara. He is who you thought. However, now that we know that for sure, I must tell you that he has asked us to do something for him: we must not mention him to anyone. Ever. No one can know he is here. I do not know the reasoning for this. Only that it’s extremely important.”
She frowned. Perhaps even dangerous…
Clara quieted, studying her doll. “That sounds very sad,” she said at last. “How awful to be left alone here all the time. He must be the loneliest man in the whole world.” She looked up with wise dark eyes that belied her age. “Can we please go see him before we leave? I want to say goodbye. I don’t like not saying goodbye to people.”
“…All right. We can try.”
“Where is he now? Hiding again?”
“I cannot really say.” Emily’s heart was pounding all over again. She pulled Clara close and kissed her cheek. “Come now—let’s get you dressed.”
Once Clara was fully dressed in her black and grey tartan-patterned gown, Emily looked at herself in the mirror. She began running the brush through her own hair, feeling curiously eager at the prospect of seeing Jasper again—so very different than how she’d felt before. Would he even come out? Being that he’d only wished to be seen once by them, she wasn’t sure…
She hoped so. Because the truth was, she would also like the chance to say goodbye…as well as ascertain the manner in which he came and went from the room. He’d said he was just a man, but she’d never known a man capable of vanishing as swiftly as he did. He clearly had some sort of technique known only to himself…
“Mama, what is that sound?”
“Hmmm?”
“That shaking sound? Don’t you hear it?”
Shaking sound? Blinking away her musings, Emily went still and listened. A faint rumble swelled outside. Startled, as the sky was quite cloudless that morning, she looked toward the windows and listened again.
More thunderous rumbling. Louder. Approaching. A horse neighed shrilly in the distance, accompanied by what sounded like dogs barking.
Emily dropped the brush on the floor. Leaving Clara by the vanity table and mirror, she rushed across the room. Cautious, she peered outside. To her rising horror, she saw three horsemen, surrounded by bloodhounds, scaling down the hill. They were heading directly toward Valenstone. And the man riding in front—she’d know him anywhere. His rippling hair stood out like a slash of gold against the moorland behind him.
Clinton…
Emily’s newfound peace shattered into what felt like a million pieces. She shook her head, tears rising, hot and insistent. No! This couldn’t be happening! Not now!
“Mama? What is wrong?”
Swaying on her feet a little, Emily looked back at Clara. Her daughter. Her sweet, precious daughter. How was she going to save her from this?
Hide her, her inner voice commanded beneath the paralyzing shock. Hide her now—and quickly! Hide everything!
Emily wasted no more time. She took the basin of soapy water and poured it into an empty vase. Then she gathered her brush and soap and returned them to her carpetbag. But as for her dress and petticoats, her boots and cage crinoline—it was all too much to fit, and it was also too much for her to carry. So thinking quickly, she scooped up everything and shoved it all between the mattress and wooden bedframe, collapsing down her cage crinoline to make it flat.
“Is the rain coming again?” Clara asked, beginning to adopt Emily’s sense of panic. “What is the matter? Why are you hiding your clothes like that?”
Emily scooped Clara up with one arm. She grabbed her carpetbag with the other. “It isn’t rain this time, darling. It isn’t rain at all.” Breathless, she charged from the room.



They were no longer alone.
Jasper knew it well before the horsemen finished cascading down the westward hill; the sounds of dogs barking and horse hooves trampling the earth were unmistakable. When they came upon the grounds of Valenstone, he was already on a steep slope that dipped well past the rooftop terrace’s parapet. Hidden amongst several gabled dormers, he observed the men with the stoniness of an imposing gargoyle. One man in particular stood out—the blonde one viewing the house from far below, blue flint in his eyes.
It was Clinton, Emily’s companion from years past. There was no mistaking him. And in knowing this, Jasper also knew why the devil had come.
For Emily.
For Clara.
Jasper felt a quickening inside him he had not experienced before. It felt desperate. Urgent.
Eyes narrowing to vicious slits, he watched as Clinton and two other horsemen—whose state of dress suggested them to be servantry—abandoned their horses in the twisting vines and weeds of the front garden. Past the white marble angels and up the front walk they came, dogs barking and sniffing the ground before them.
When they reached the front door, they quickly discovered it to be locked—for Jasper had relocked it with the house’s only skeleton key. And upon orders from Clinton, the men then split up and prowled the perimeters of the house, checking windows and the back servants’ door. They reunited at the front, luckless.
“What would you have us do now, Mr. Mathers?” one of the men asked.
“We find another way in,” Clinton replied sardonically. “She’s in there; the dogs have traced her scent. And I don’t give a damn what we have to do, we’re getting her out.”
It was all Jasper needed to hear. He climbed upward and whirled over the parapet, re-entering Valenstone with feverous haste. Over the roar of his urgency, he listened for Emily. Last he’d heard, she’d been in her room, her heartbreakingly beautiful voice carrying through the house in a song he hadn’t ever heard before. But now all he could hear were shattering windowpanes, heavy boots stomping over glass, and dogs scattering about.
All sounds of Emily and Clara were gone.
Hastily, Jasper burst into the bedroom in search of them. And right then, he did not have the will to care what he looked like in the blinding light of day. He had to find them—before the dogs and Clinton did. The risk he himself faced was secondary.
Ascertaining that they were not there, Jasper charged back out again, into the corridor—and then froze at once. Emily was standing by the back windows. She was dressed in her nightgown, her dark, glorious hair hanging in damp waves down her back. She had her bag draped over her shoulder, and in her arms was Clara, who was weeping uncontrollably against her.
“Emily,” he whispered.
Their eyes held fast across the silent, tumbling corridor. “Jasper.”
His name was spoken like a plea, and he stormed toward her, pulled by a force inside him that was beyond his control. Up close, he could see her face was white with panic.
“Her doll and blanket,” she said. “I left them in the bedroom. Clara is hysterical.”
“It is far too late to go back. Both of you need to hide—now.”
“Where should we go?”
Jasper stared down at her and felt an odd, rapid feeling course through him. It made him feel off balance, yet also grounded in his certainty of one thing: he was willing to do whatever it took to keep her safe—even if it meant revealing one of his most precious secrets of all…
“Come with me,” he said, and he glided past her.
He felt her keep close behind him as he led her into the deep recesses of one corridor, then down another. Meanwhile, footsteps began charging up the stairs. Male voices shouted in communication. Something crashed and broke.
“In here!” someone announced.
They’d found the bedroom.
“Emily!” Clinton exploded through the house. “Clara!”
Jasper looked back. Emily and Clara stared at him with stricken expressions.
“I know you are here, Emily!” Clinton bellowed. “Bloody little minx, you needn’t bother hiding! I will find you. And God help you when I do!”
Clara covered her mouth and turned her face, burying it into the crook of her mother’s neck.
A murderous rush of heat flooded Jasper’s senses, making his vision hazy. “He will not find you,” he vowed. “I will not let him.”
And in one careful motion, he spun around and stooped over, sweeping both mother and child into his arms. Emily gasped. He felt her stiffen, clutching at her child and belongings before having no choice but to settle against his chest. She turned her face to his, and their eyes connected again.
Jasper would have liked to have relished the moment; he had never held a woman in such a fashion before. She felt warm, lithe, and natural in his embrace. But there wasn’t enough time to spare for such things.
There was barely enough time to think at all.
Cradling her and Clara protectively, Jasper strode down the corridor, his heart and arms fuller than ever.



So there it was.
The final truth, if there’d been any lingering doubt at all.
Jasper Duvane, the ghostly phantom of Valenstone Mansion, was most certainly alive! He was of flesh and bone, as much a part of the here and now as Emily was.
The abrupt grip of his arms about her was astonishing. She could feel his heart beating powerfully against his chest, where she was cradled. And his body heat—it surrounded her there too, smelling rich and earthy, like the house itself.
Before she had time to prepare herself, she felt him whisk her and Clara off to the side and begin heading for a back wall. Charging for it, no less.
“But—” she began, tensing with apprehension.
“Hush,” was all he managed.
Emily curled into her daughter, her eyes squeezing shut as she braced for impact. But the solidity of the wall never came. In fact, it felt more like an opening as a thin gust of air wafted over her.
Surprised, she peered through her lashes—and was then instantly met with a shroud of darkness. They had gone through the wall. Right into a space beyond it.
“J-Jasper—?” she stammered.
“Hush,” he whispered again.
Emily stifled another gasp at the feel of his warm breath upon her cheek. And for several dizzying moments, she could do nothing but hold on as he maneuvered them through the shadows, familiar creaks of wood sounding beneath his feet. Eventually, her vision began to adjust to the low light. A tremor moved through her as she realized they were in a deep and intricate tunnel system—beyond the walls.
Merciful heavens, what kind of house is this?!
“Emily!” Clinton’s hoarse voice bellowed from somewhere distant. “Damn and blast it all, you demon witch!”
Jasper responded by tightening his hold and continuing to head farther into the house. A tendril of comfort wound its way through her. She used it, taking strength from it in order to soothe Clara, who had begun to tremble.
No doubt the girl was aware of who was out there; she knew her father’s roar as intimately as Emily did. It was devastating to think of how she must be feeling. And the questions that would surely follow would be just as difficult to bear…
Just then, Jasper arrived at a spiraling, stone staircase that tumbled underground. It did not look inviting. More like the entrance to a bleak and desolate catacomb. Emily looked down at the opening in the floor with dread. Were they really going to go down there?
She gulped as Jasper took to the stairs and led them into the black abyss below. After transferring through another long tunnel, she lost all ability to see; it was simply too dark.
“Be prepared to stand,” he said then, coming to a stop.
Emily felt him lower her legs and feet to the ground. She held on to Clara as she regained her footing. He did not let go right away; his hands lingered on her shoulders.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Wait there.”
He released her and, feeling disoriented and off balance, she warred with being silent and calling him back again. Then a peel of light unfurled into the tunnel, collecting her full attention. There was a door opening just a few paces ahead, and the warm light was glowing beyond it, beckoning her. She saw Jasper’s silhouette move in front of the doorway.
“This way,” he said.
Emily moved forward. When she reached him, she looked up to find him staring at her. And Lord, he was a sight to behold in that moment. Unforgiving light was spreading across the jagged planes of his face, and his long, chestnut hair hung like heavy curtains about his shoulders. To the untrained eye, he was wholly intimidating. Someone to run from, not to.
To Emily, however, he’d become something else: a guardian. The first person to ever offer her and Clara protection from Clinton.
“Come in,” he insisted softly.
She moved around him, entering what she recognized to be a small apartment. Rosy with candlelight, it was furnished with a single table and chair, a dresser, an unmade bed in the corner, and a bookshelf filled with books. Near to the bookshelf was a stool placed before an easel and canvas. And all over the apartment were jumbled collections of paintings and painting supplies.
Emily meandered toward the easel. Jasper moved past her in a flash. He collected a sheet and tossed it over the hoisted canvas, hiding it from view. He turned and looked down at her.
“I’m sorry,” she said, shrinking.
“Go sit, Emily.”
Emily veered away from him and his artwork. She placed Clara on the floor beside the cold fireplace and then slid to her knees as well. She stroked her daughter’s tear-stained cheeks. “Clara, look at me. How are you?”
Clara frowned, her brown eyes full of fear. She said nothing.
“Everything is all right,” Emily told her. “We are going to stay here and visit our friend, Mr. Duvane. You know him. Remember?”
Clara looked up at him. She blinked. But still, she said not a word.
Emily brushed a kiss over the girl’s hairline. “Come close to me again. Let’s get you warm.”
Jasper came over to them, halting at Emily’s side. She looked up to see him holding out a large blanket—the thick, red one from his very own bed. “Thank you,” she rasped, accepting the blanket. She secured it around Clara.
“Take this too,” he said, continuing to hover over her.
She glanced up again. Her heart skipped several beats. He had removed his black coat and was extending it toward her.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” she mumbled. “I am fine, really, I—”
Her voice died away as the coat became adorned about her shoulders anyway. The warmth from his body was still inside, and it wrapped around her in a scented shroud.
“It is cold down here,” he explained, “and your hair is wet. You will become ill if you do not get warm. Take care of yourself; Clara needs her mother.”
Her lashes fluttered, feeling suddenly heavy. “Thank you,” she said again.
He turned and began heading toward the door.
“Wait.” She sat up straighter. “Are you leaving?”
He lingered in the doorway, but he did not turn around. “I will return soon enough.”
And then he was gone again.
Emily stared at the empty space where he’d been standing. Overhead, she could hear the sound of men and hounds storming the house in search of her, of Clara. Now that she was no longer in the direct line of danger, she could feel her nerves unraveling, a defensive layer of shock melting away.
Tears burned at her eyes, and she looked around the room. Despite its cozy ambience, it had an entirely different feel without Jasper in it. There were no windows, no sunlight. Just four walls, a fireplace, and a tiny adjoining room with a dressing table and washstand. She got a glimpse of how he must feel being so isolated beneath the earth. It was worse than a prison cell; it was like a crypt for the living.
And why was it there? Clearly, the apartment and tunnels had been created with intention and forethought, same as any normal room or hallway. Which meant only one thing: Mr. Hughes must have known Jasper was going to have to hide like this. But why?
Emily shut her eyes, seeing nothing but Jasper’s distorted skin and deep, expressive gaze in the darkness that waited for her. God, what a mystery you are, Jasper, she thought. I wonder, what secrets are you harboring that could possibly have you living as you do?
Chapter 8

Light Beneath the Ground


When Jasper returned to his apartment, he found Emily sitting just as he’d left her. She did not yet notice him, and he allowed himself to linger in the doorway and observe her with muted intensity. She was hugging her knees to her chest, her drying hair falling in soft abundance over his coat. Beside her, Clara was curled up on the floor; she was fast asleep, no doubt exhausted from the emotional ordeal she’d just endured.
Jasper took a steadying breath. They were sadly beautiful, seated together like that, surrounded by everything he’d ever let himself care about. It was like something out of a dream. The artistic part of his soul traced the outline of their forms again, singeing his memory with their shapes and colors.
Sensing him at last, Emily looked over her shoulder at him. The bruise on her right cheek stood out in sharp relief against her pale skin. The sight of it felt like a punch to his gut. How could anyone ever harm such an angel as her? It seemed impossible to even imagine.
“You’re back,” she said. Her eyes searched his from across the room. “I was beginning to grow worried.”
“You needn’t be worried; you are safe here.”
“I wasn’t worried for myself,” she said. “You were gone a long time. I feared something had happened to you.”
Jasper’s throat closed. She had been worried for him? He hadn’t expected that. “I am fine,” he managed. “I retrieved Clara’s doll and blanket.”
Her gaze dropped to his right hand, which firmly gripped the child’s blanket and doll. “You risked your safety to retrieve her things?”
“The risk to myself was minimal. I am not found unless I want to be.”
Insecure under her scrutiny, Jasper shut the door behind him and stalked to his dresser, giving her his back. From the top drawer, he removed a small kit. Then he tossed a quick glance at Clara, reassuring himself she was still asleep. He did not want her to see what he was about to reveal.
“Remain calm,” he warned Emily, facing her again. “I have something to show you.” Cautiously, he opened the knitted blue blanket. Within its folds was the doll, its head severed in one vicious tear from its body.
“Oh, no!” she cried.
Eager to comfort her, he quickly showed her the kit he held in his other hand. Within it was a long needle and two spools of white thread. “All will be mended before she wakes.”
Before she could say anything, Jasper turned toward the table and sat himself in the chair before it. He trained his full attention onto the doll in his hands. Time passed in silence as he worked, which he was quite grateful for. It gave him the chance to settle himself, to focus. He hung his head low as he sewed, lost in his thoughts. And all the while, he was as careful with the handcrafted toy as if it were made of satin instead of old cotton cloth.
When he finished, he eyed his handiwork, running one scarred finger over the stitched thread. Across the room, Emily shifted on the floor. He tensed, knowing she was getting up. He placed the doll on the table and stood as well.
“It is finished,” he informed her.
She came to his side and picked it up. “You sew well.”
“Necessity compelled me to learn a long time ago.”
Hugging the doll to her chest, she looked up at him, openly studying his face. It didn’t take long for him to begin to feel desperate under her inspection. Damn the room for being so bloody small. He’d never minded it before. But that was because she hadn’t been in it with him, consuming it with her presence, filling it with the scent of flowers.
“I suspect you have pressing questions for me, Emily,” he muttered. “My sewing skills cannot be all that occupy your thoughts. Not after everything you have witnessed.”
“You are right.”
“I think your questions are warranted at this juncture. I can only caution you that I may not answer them all.” He braced himself. “Ask me whatever you wish.”
“Very well.” Her breathing changed, her chest moving in shallow little pulses. “Are you down here of your own free will?”
“Yes and no.”
“That makes no sense.”
“Not everything is going to make sense to you. What is your next question?”
“Does anyone else know the truth about you and your circumstances?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“How many people?”
“I am not certain of the number.”
“And no one is willing to speak up when all the world believes you are dead?”
“It would seem not.”
“…When was this house built, again?”
“1845.”
“The tunnels were a part of the house’s original blueprint, weren’t they?”
His jaw flexed. “Yes.”
“So you knew you were going to live down here at some point?”
“Yes.”
She fell silent.
“Anything else?” he asked.
His gaze roved over her face as he waited. Her skin looked impossibly smooth. Was every woman’s skin like that, or just hers?
“When we entered the tunnel from the corridor—how did that happen?” she inquired.
“A door.”
“A door? I saw only a wall…”
“It was a door hidden in the wall, Emily.”
“Oh.” She paused. “Are there many doors like that here?”
“There is one in nearly every room.”
Her eyes widened. There was amber in them, Jasper realized. Only a little bit around the pupils. But the shock of color was there all the same. Like a tiny starburst rebelling against the dark.
“This house is not as it appears,” he said, distracted. “It was built with the specific intention of allowing me to enter nearly any room I wish—from below.” Sensing her mounting trepidation, he pulled the chair out for her. “Sit, Emily.”
She slid into the chair, her eyes straining upward at him. Not wanting to tower over her, Jasper took the opportunity to back away. He sat himself on the edge of his bed and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees.
“Is there a hidden door in my bedroom?” she asked.
“No. There are no hidden doors in any of the bedrooms.”
“…When we met last night, you knew my name before I told you. You said you had parted from me once before. How?”
“I was here for the charity ball, same as you—though no one knew it,” he divulged, unwilling to say much more. He didn’t want to confess to her the full extent of his spying. The very idea made him feel defenseless and, honestly, quite guilty. “I saw you. Heard your name spoken. It’s as simple as that.”
Her silence conveyed her discomfort.
“Is there anything else you wish to know, Emily?”
“Was it a fire?” she whispered finally.
He did not pretend to misunderstand what she meant. His fingers traced the slick scars of his face and neck with absent familiarity, having memorized their many grooves and valleys. Then he looked at his hands, which sported similar disfigurement. “I don’t think that needs to be discussed.”
She sighed. “What will you do when Clara and I leave? Will you return to existing like a ghost, tucked away in the ground beneath your house?”
Something within him snapped to attention, her words hitting their mark. Pained, he replied, “Yes.”
“…Forever?”
He nodded.
“And Clara and I are really expected to just move on, pretending we never knew you at all?”
“You know that already. Don’t tell me you are wavering now.” Jasper stared at her, trying to get a grip on his scattered nerves. “Emily,” he beseeched, “please listen. I have trusted you with information that could be my undoing—and yours. Promise me again you will stand by your word. When you leave this place, it will be with my secrets veiled safely where I placed them: against your conscience.”



Emily’s stomach was in knots. Jasper had opened up his world to her with tremendous speed and vulnerability. But he was still a complete enigma to her. Why on earth would he agree to this life of secrecy and solitude when there was no one here forcing him to?
“I am in earnest, Emily,” he said, his gruff voice cutting into her thoughts. “Tell me you will not betray me.”
She looked him over, unable to avoid how stricken and ill he appeared in that moment. “Of course I will not betray you,” she relented. “I gave you my word, and you may keep it. I will say nothing to anyone of what I learned here. It just breaks my heart that it must be that way.”
A resounding silence fell over the room. Emily suspected Jasper was grateful for it. And while she still had many questions bouncing about in her brain, she accepted the quiet. She did not need to pry any further. She had already irradicated the limits of his privacy; and she had little doubt he was uneasy because of it. To be fair, it was now probably best to reciprocate his candor and open herself to his questions—should he have any.
Softly, she said, “The man upstairs, the one with the blonde hair, his name is Clinton Mathers.”
Jasper held her stare, riveted. “Who is he to you?”
Emily shrank into herself. And for the millionth time in her life, she wished she had a different answer. She was not proud of her connection to the man who hunted her. It made her wither in shame and mortification. But it was necessary that she face it again now. For Jasper and for herself.
Swallowing her repulsion, she said, “He is my husband.”
Tension gathered in Jasper’s arms and shoulders, but he did not look surprised. “Your husband.”
“Unfortunately,” she said, unable to quell the bitterness that vined around her heart.
Standing, Jasper turned and gave her his back, facing the empty fireplace. Emily clutched the doll closer—the very one Clinton had torn apart, hoping his daughter would find it.
“He gave you that bruise, didn’t he, Emily?”
It was phrased as a question, but she could sense that it wasn’t one. Somehow, Jasper already knew Clinton had been behind the bruise, quite as he’d already known she was being pursued in the first place. Her fingers lifted to the tender skin on her right cheek. “Yes.”
“Did he hit you often?”
“Yes,” she admitted again. “The night I left him, he tried to do worse. He tried to…” Her voice faded; she couldn’t say the words. “Anyway, I fought back that time. It was the first time I ever fought back. And I won. I knocked him unconscious.” Her memory returned her to that night at Whitmore. She could see everything again: the room, the flurried fighting, the horrifying reflection she’d made in the mirror. “I knew I had to leave him. I’ve always known. It’s just that I’ve been too afraid. But that night, it was like a light had fallen over me and shown me the way. So I ran, and I took our daughter with me. She is all I have in this world.”
Emily gazed at his back. She could almost sense the wheels turning in his mind as he absorbed her words.
“Why did you come back here?” he asked finally. “Out of all the places you could have gone, why Valenstone?”
“I was lost on my way to Millwood. I saw the house, remembered it, and felt it might be somewhere safe for me to hide for the night. Though, with that said, its reputation also left me feeling quite daunted; I almost didn’t come at all.”
“What is its reputation?”
“Surely you must know.”
“I suspect what it is. But I do not know for certain. How could I?”
Her brows lifted. “Well, to start, the many tragedies that have plagued the Hughes family are no secret to anyone. And when you, their beloved prodigy, disappeared without a trace, it was deduced that the house must be cursed—or at the very least, haunted.”
“And yet you still came here, believing all that.”
“The hell I was running from frightened me more.”
“So much so that a cursed, haunted house was preferrable.”
“I never really believed the house to be cursed,” she told him. “Haunted, perhaps.” She winced. “Yes, I was rather concerned about that straight off.”
He turned his head slightly, listening.
“The house makes sounds, Jasper,” she explained. “Dreadful creaking sounds that, no matter how hard I tried to convince myself were indications of natural settlement, I couldn’t quite manage it.”
“The tunnels,” he murmured in acknowledgement.
“Yes. I know that now. But at the time, I was fighting with the notion that it might be your ghost roaming the house. And then Clara saw you.”
“She had to. There was no other way to stop her.”
“And I thank God that you were there to stop her.”
His back became taut beneath his shirt. “I thought she’d be scared of me,” he said. “I know I am not easy to look at. But she wasn’t frightened at all; she didn’t even flinch.”
Emily ran her hand up and down her arm, over the woolen sleeve of the coat he’d placed on her. “I need you to understand something,” she said to him. “Clara and I have seen evil. We know what monsters look like. Real ones. They have faces that are familiar and trustworthy. They’re deceitful. But with you, Clara was able to sense your good intentions from the start, and that was all that mattered in her mind.”
“It wasn’t the same for you.”
“I wasn’t afraid of you when I saw you; I was afraid of you before that. Think of it: I’d discovered I was sharing this great house with some mysterious man—and I couldn’t leave because of the rain. It was very frightening.”
“Yes, and I hate that I frightened you,” he muttered, his head hanging a little. “It was never my intention. I just didn’t want to be found.”
“Only seen.”
“Fleetingly.”
She sighed. So much for that, she thought, pitying him. Just look at you now—not a single shadow left to hide behind. But I am glad for it. Things are better this way.
He shot her a dark look over his shoulder as though he could sense her thoughts. Then he looked into the fireplace again and pressed the conversation on. “So Millwood is your next destination, then,” he said.
“Yes. The Black Rose and Birch is there.”
“…What is that?”
“The nearest coaching inn. I plan to book passage on a coach and make my way to the rail.”
“And then you’re headed to Westbeck.”
She faltered, surprised that he knew. But then she realized that he’d probably overheard her say as much already. “That’s right,” she said, dazed. “Ultimately, I am bound for Westbeck—though not as Emily anymore.”
“What do you mean?”
“I plan on assuming a false identity: Emma Wright, widowed mother. No one will ever call me by my real name again.”
He shook his head, seeming annoyed by that. “And why Westbeck? What is there that appeals to you?”
“An opportunity for employment, hopefully. Though, we shall see if one even remains by the time I get there.” She looked down at her lap. “Regardless, I am going. This is my one chance to make a life for Clara and myself, to be far away and free. If Clinton catches us, I cannot say what he’ll do.”
When Emily lifted her gaze again, she saw that Jasper had turned a fraction and was staring at her. Her breath caught. For it was in that moment, the undamaged side of his face being her only view of him, that she noticed the powerful line of his jaw and the sleek cut of his cheekbone. His brow was strong, his mouth firm. He was actually quite a handsome man, underneath the scars and long unbound hair. For some reason, that realization made her heart do a nervous summersault.
“How much does Clara understand about what is going on?” he asked.
“She knows that her father is not a nice man. I cannot hide that from her. But as far as why we are here, she knows nothing other than that we are on a journey together.” Her eyes began to sting. “Though I wonder what she suspects now after hearing him rage through Valenstone like some monstrous beast. I hope he gives up soon and leaves—for her sake, more than mine.”
“…He has already left, Emily.”
“What?” She sat up ramrod straight as hope and relief sprang to life within her like flowers in spring. “He’s gone?”
“Yes.”
“How can you be sure?”
“I listened to him after I fetched the doll. He believes you fled when he arrived. He is going to Millwood to look for you now.”
“With the dogs?” she cried. “What a scene that will cause! I can’t imagine him being willing to create such a spectacle, even to find me. He cares far too much about his reputation.”
“You know him well. He said he is going to town by himself, where he will stay at an inn—presumably the same one you are headed toward. He will look for you in secret there. He has no wish to contact authorities. He believes he will root you out on his own…and then deal with you privately as well. However, if his search proves fruitless in town, which it will, he then plans to return to the mansion and check it one last time before pushing onward.”
“He’s going to return,” she whispered. “How long do I have until then?”
“He didn’t say specifically. Only that he’d be gone for a few days. A handful at most.”
“And the dogs?”
“He instructed his men to take them and set up a camp just north of here. He wants their help in keeping an eye on the moors, to look for you there, perhaps even pick up your scent again. He told them to tell anyone who grows suspicious of their presence that they’re waiting for him to return from town before then setting off on a hunting trip.” He hesitated. “The men, by the way, I discovered to be servants from your old home. You probably know them.”
“…Who are they?”
“Warren, the gamekeeper, and Claude, the gardener.”
Warren and Claude. Emily sighed. Yes, she knew them…
She wasn’t necessarily shocked to learn Warren had become a pawn in Clinton’s scheming; he seemed like the sort who’d be eager to take anyone out if he got the chance. Vile man. But Claude? Large and on the upper side of sixty years old, he was new to Whitmore’s staff. And even though they’d only ever spoken in passing, he’d never come across as anything other than gentle and tired. Maybe even a little worse for wear. But she should have known better; no one at Whitmore was ever as kind as she wished them to be—or needed them to be.
Her hope-born flowers shriveling like dead weeds, Emily groaned and lowered her face to the doll in her hands. “Oh God, Jasper. This has become such a disaster. How am I supposed to leave Dunhaven Moor now?”
“Emily.”
She looked up at him.
“You may stay at Valenstone for as long as you wish.”
Her heart constricted. “That is kind. But I do not have sufficient resources to sustain Clara and I for long; I barely have enough to last the day!” Her mind worked to find a new solution. “Seeing as we are forced, we will just have to push on in a different direction and hope for the best. I looked over some maps this morning, and if I head south, there is a town—”
“Over twenty-five miles away,” he stated, his tone flat. “I’ve studied my fair share of maps, too, and that is not walking distance, Emily. Especially with a child.” He turned fully and faced her. “Stay here. And don’t worry about food or drink; the situation is already remedied, as I will supply you with both.”
Emily gaped at him, feeling somewhat jolted by the idea. She’d completely forgotten to ask him how he’d been surviving all these years; being that he was a living and breathing man, he certainly required nourishment. But how was he coming by food? And where was it now?
“Emily, you have no other option but to remain here with me,” he pressed. “Let Clinton search Millwood and come back—I will simply hide you again. The secret doors are all painstakingly concealed; no one has ever come upon one before, and no one ever will.” He paused. “Odds are, the next time he leaves here will be your precise opportunity to escape. You will know where he’s been, perhaps even where he is going. And if you wait too long after he is gone, you will lose that certainty. So stay until that window of time arrives. In the meantime, the house is yours. All I ask is that you remain discreet. No going outside. No fires until after sunset; smoking chimneys during the day are too revealing, but the cover of night conceals them well. I collect rainwater in a barrel on the roof for drinking; it is later boiled and bottled. As for water in regards to other purposes, the house is equipped with a rainwater cistern belowground; a handpump by the kitchen sink will bring the water up for you.”
For a moment, Emily could not speak; she was too overwhelmed. Then, weak, she said, “All right,” and she gave him a small smile. “I will stay—gladly now. Thank you.”
A hint of some unknown, shadowy emotion crossed over his face. But he did not return her smile. Instead, he gave a curt nod and said, “Very well. With that settled, I think it’s best you return upstairs now.”
“…Oh, right. Of course. If you think that’s best.”
“It’s definitely best.”
His tone both stung and surprised her. “O-okay. I will just gather Clara and… my bag…” She trailed off as he picked up her carpetbag and walked toward the door. Worrying her lower lip between her teeth, she stood and began removing his coat.
“Keep it,” he said abruptly, making her jump.
“What?”
“Keep the coat.”
“…That is considerate of you. But I won’t be needing it.”
“You may change your mind. And I’d rather you have it if you do.”
They stared at each other. At last, she nodded and eased the coat back on. After bundling Clara carefully in her arms, leaving his red blanket behind, she faced him again.
“Follow me,” he said. He then grabbed a lit candle from the table and left the room without looking back.
Chapter 9

Beyond the Walls


Leaving the tunnels within Valenstone’s walls was an entirely different experience than entering them. There was no wild panic, no fear. There was calm, peace—and oddly, even a little bit of reluctance to leave.
It was quite the parallel to how she’d often felt about leaving Valenstone in general. But now there was a deeper root and meaning to her instincts. She was pressed against the heart of the mansion, the pulsing beat of it. She had never felt safer.
And it was all because of Jasper Duvane.
It was dizzying how quickly her feelings for him were evolving. She appreciated his nearness now, longed even to hear his voice promising her security. She liked to look at him too; his features fascinated her. And strangely, she also liked the way he looked at her as well. It made her feel…
Well, she wasn’t sure how it made her feel exactly.
Valued? Protected? Known?
Whatever it was, it was a good feeling. A feeling worth embracing and exploring before she had to leave. It’d been a long time since she’d felt anything other than total and flagrant neglect.
Pensively, Emily continued to follow Jasper through the tunnel. His candle glowed ahead of them, and she gazed at the arched walls and ceiling that surrounded them. When they passed a set of ascending stairs, she paused to peer at them in expanding curiosity. Where did those go…? 
“Keep close to me, please,” he said into the quiet, sensing that she was lagging behind.
Emily hurried to catch up to him again. Goodness, what a labyrinth he was leading them through. It was a wonder he knew where he was going at all. Even with a candle, it was all so very opaque and disorienting. Every channel looked quite the same as the last.
Suddenly, Jasper veered to a stop. Emily hugged Clara tight, halting just before ramming into him from behind. She watched with interest as he pulled on a small, inconspicuous latch on the wall. Like a carved puzzle piece, a door swung inward, and light flooded the tunnel.
“Amazing,” she couldn’t help but say.
“Stay here while I look around the first floor.”
“You said Clinton was gone.”
“I still believe him to be. But I would like to ensure it—for your sake.”
Warmed by his continued consideration, she blushed in the dark. “Okay. I will stay right here.”
He handed her the candle before slipping through the doorway with all the stealth and silence of a shadow. Emily hung back, her eyes on the door, which he’d left open. Beyond it, the carpeted hall was empty and devoid of sound and movement. She wondered which part of the house they were in. She could not tell from the view alone.
Finally, he reappeared.
“Come out,” he instructed. He extended one lean, scarred hand in her direction.
Emily tensed, surprised by the gesture. She stared at his open palm as it hovered in front of her expectantly. Her mind began racing. Was he offering to take the candle or her arm to support her as she exited?
What if she guessed wrong?
Seeming to understand her hesitation, Jasper reached a little farther and gently took the candle from her. She winced, embarrassed, and passed through the doorway on her own. Then she looked around, trying to orient herself.
Jasper came to stand just beside her, the candle now extinguished and placed aside. “We are on the east side of the entry hall,” he said. “The main stairs are just to your left.”
Well, that explained the abundance of sunlight. It was the most well-lit space in all of Valenstone. Squinting in the brightness, Emily looked to see the main staircase just where he said it would be. The hall behind her, then, led to the dining room, conservatory, and servants’ hall. And the westward hall ahead was to the drawing room, library, and ballroom.
Her eyes shifted to the small anteroom on her right. Broken glass lay glinting on the floor—evidence that this was the room in which Clinton had entered the house.
“Warn Clara of the glass,” he said beside her. “And be sure to leave everything just as you see it now.”
“Why?”
“Because when Clinton returns, he will likely come back through there. If the mess is gone, he will know you’re still here.”
Nervous, she looked up at Jasper and immediately swallowed at the sight of him. He wasn’t afforded a single concealing shadow. Clearer than ever, she could see the severe clash of beauty and savagery in his features. That he was willing to stand in such honest light before her stole a bit of her breath.
“Go to the library,” he murmured.
“…And you?”
“I will do a sweep of the second floor to ensure no one lingers there.”
“Will you be long?”
He blinked several times. “Go, Emily.”
Then, in what was becoming a familiar habit of his, Jasper turned away without another word. She didn’t see how he reopened the door in the wall; his hand merely brushed over the wainscoting, and the wall gave, swinging silently inward. He disappeared through the opening. The wall closed behind him, and he was a part of the house once more.
Emily remained where she was, motionless. Somewhere in the house, a long, dissonant creak took possession of the silence. She backed up several paces. The sound lifted and spread upstairs. She waited and listened, spellbound. It was not lost upon her that he’d chosen the walls instead of the main stairs. Did he always do that, even when no one was around?
The idea of him moving in and out of the walls like he didn’t deserve to be there, like he didn’t even exist at all, made her lightheaded. She began meandering toward the library, lost in her thoughts. In fact, she was so distracted, that she’d made it halfway across the library before she saw any of it clearly. But when she did, she stiffened and went still.
The room was welcoming, yet dim. For the draperies were pulled tight across the windows, and several candles were left flickering. Cocooned within the cozy ambience, she noticed that all of the protective sheets had been removed from the furniture—undoubtedly by Clinton in his attempt to root her out. And now revealed were the beautiful pieces that’d been hidden underneath. Her gaze swept over everything, missing nothing.
First there was the walnut desk with scrolling, leafy motifs and cherubs trimming its edges and legs. Behind it was an overstuffed brown leather chair, which looked deep and inviting. An opulent, green velvet settee stretched out to the right of the fireplace. And surrounding a rich walnut table were several matching chairs, also upholstered in green velvet.
Emily gaped at the desk in fixation. On its surface, between two flickering candles, was an assortment of crunchy sweet biscuits, cheese, and two glass bottles of water. She carefully placed Clara on the settee, wondering when Jasper had found the time to do all this.
Heat spread through her as she realized it must have been just after Clinton had left. That’s why she’d been waiting so long. Her food situation was being remedied, just as Jasper had promised it would be; for he’d known then, already, that she was going to have to stay.
Emily sank into the plump chair behind the desk. The cheese on the platter was cut into blocks, and the biscuits were golden brown. Beside the desk was a wooden crate. Within it was an astonishing assortment of even more food.
Some of what she saw included fruit, glass-bottled water, and an array of nuts, oats, and raisins. There was rice, potatoes, a pumpkin, mixed seasonings, and sugar. There was even some cookware, bowls, and eating utensils.
He’d thought of everything.
Emily placed her hand over her stomach as it grumbled. How had Jasper come by all this food? And how much more did he have?
She couldn’t help but wonder if what she was looking at was all he had left in the world. At this point, it wouldn’t surprise her. She was beginning to suspect he’d give her his very last crumb if he felt she needed it. Jasper Duvane—he who had the least in the world was proving to be the most generous person she’d ever met.
Cautious, she relaxed further into the chair. She was going to have to confront Jasper when he returned. Until then, she wasn’t going to take a single bite. No matter how tempted she was.
Emily glanced narrow-eyed at the platter before her. Her stomach gave another soft grumble. Her lashes slid shut, and she turned her face away. Perhaps it was better not to look at all.



Jasper entered the library through a hidden door, this one disguised as a painting of a weeping willow. He made no real effort to be quiet, for he had decided it was pointless to hide where he came and went from anymore. Granted, he did not expect to be coming and going often at all. There was no reason to linger beyond the walls. Emily and Clara’s safety had been secured, and Clinton and his men were once again proven gone.
Jasper, however, did not belong anywhere but below.
Walking forward, he spotted Clara first. She’d been placed to rest on the settee by the unlit hearth. Emily, he could see, was seated behind the desk, having discovered the food and drink he’d placed there for her. But it seemed she hadn’t touched any of it, which confused him. He’d brought her to his apartment early that morning. It was well into the afternoon now. Wasn’t she hungry?
Jasper moved over to where she sat. Her head was resting against the back of the chair, her face angled away from him. He shifted around the desk, looking down at her. When he gained an unobstructed view of her face, he froze.
She was fast asleep.
The intimacy of finding her in such a state flustered him. He ground his teeth together and began to back away. Yet he had barely taken one step when her eyes opened and settled upon him.
“Jasper,” she said, sitting forward. She looked tired, but genuinely happy to see him. What an odd and dizzying feeling that gave him. “You came back. I was beginning to wonder if you would.”
Tension accumulated inside his chest. “I only came back to tell you the mansion is clear.”
“Oh. Okay…” 
She smiled at him—warm, with a sleepy and genuine sense of gratitude. His heart began hammering.
Focus, Jasper!
“Emily, I found the dress and other items you hid beneath the mattress in your old room,” he said. “Now I feel it is best that you not return there anymore. Consider it to be the same as the glass in the anteroom; disturb it, and it will rouse suspicions later. Largely, however, the house is left undestroyed. Clinton seemed to have only raged in and out of rooms, removing sheets in an attempt to uncover you; he has looked without touching much of anything else.”
“…How considerate of him.”
Jasper shrugged. “Anyway, when you are ready, your new room is waiting for you. It is just beside your old one.”
“Thank you.”
His gaze slanted at the food. “Why haven’t you eaten?”
“I wanted to talk to you about it first.”
“Is there something wrong with it?”
“Of course not. It’s just…Jasper, I can’t fathom how you came by it in the first place. You never leave Valenstone, I presume. So where did it come from? Is it all you have?”
He could have just told her it was none of her business. In fact, that was probably what he should have done. However, the truth slid into his mouth easier than he’d anticipated—and it was out before he could stop it.
“Once a month a bagged shipment is dropped by the back servants’ door,” he told her. “The bags are full of items, be it food or whatever else, that I must ration for the next four weeks. I keep it all out of sight in a pantry located in a tunnel below.”
Her eyes widened. “So someone sends you food, and then they just turn their back and leave you to live like this?” Her beautiful face became marred with a frown. “I do not know whether to be relieved or frustrated on your behalf right now. I suppose I am both.” She stared pointedly at the food before her. “How long do you have to wait for your next shipment?”
“About a fortnight.”
“A fortnight! Jasper, you cannot afford to spare us all this.”
He stepped forward. “I ration my provisions well. So yes, I can afford it, and you will take it. I will not argue over food, Emily. It is yours; I have given it to you. The only thing I ask now is that when you are done, you always put everything back in the crate I’ve provided you with. Leave it accessible to a hidden door, in case we must hurry and hide it. For the same reason, always try to make sure your belongings remain packed; it will be easier to collect them if they’re already gathered together.”
“I don’t know where the hidden doors are…”
“There is one,” he said, pointing to the enormous painting of the willow. “In the ballroom, it’s the mirror beyond the piano; in the entry hall, it’s on the east end, where I led you from just a while ago; in the drawing room, it’s in the far-right corner; in the morning room, it is a door fashioned to look like a hutch; and in the dining hall, it’s within the paneled left wall, just adjacent to the window. I won’t bother to list the ones upstairs. I doubt you’ll be lugging that crate up there.”
“Give me one anyway—something other than the obscure one in the corridor from earlier. I will feel better when I go to bed at night if you tell me.”
“Behind the tapestry on the landing,” he confessed, clearing his throat. “Now, eat please. I know you are hungry.”
Her eyes were very wide, but she nodded and retrieved a crunchy biscuit from the tray. He watched in muted fascination as she ate the biscuit slowly, savoring it. When she reached for another one, accompanied by a small block of cheese, satisfaction filled him. He liked giving her what she needed. He liked it, perhaps, a little too much.
Concerned for himself, he measured his current distance from the willow tree painting. It was just to the left of the fireplace. Perhaps less than six or seven strides.
Go. It is time to go. She does not need me anymore.
Emily reached for some water. “Sit, Jasper. Eat something with me.”
“No.”
She looked up at him, stilling. Then she withdrew her hand without ever touching the glass. “…All right. Don’t eat. But sit with me, at least.”
“For what purpose?”
“To keep me company, of course…and I you.”
He shook his head.
“Why not?” she asked, tentative.
How could he tell her? How was he supposed to say that continuing to keep company with her like this was, without a doubt, the most reckless thing he could do? She wanted him to sit and talk with her in the library, quite as though he wasn’t a monster who’d literally crawled from the earth beneath her! What a ridiculous and dangerous game to play with his sanity!
With a gruff edge to his voice that surely belied his attempt to appear unaffected, he said, “It’s best we part company now, Emily.”
The color began draining from her face. “Why?”
“I have done all I can for you today.”
“But…but I thought…” She drew a shallow breath. “It’s just that I thought…” Once more, her words trailed off.
“If you need anything, just say so,” he said. “Otherwise, it is time I go back where I belong.”
She stood. Even in her nightgown and his oversized coat, she was a vision of absolute beauty. The sight reached into him and coiled him tight; he couldn’t move. Again.
“Jasper, you do not have to go.”
His pulse spiked. “Sit down, Emily.”
“No.”
“Sit,” he beseeched again.
“Only if you sit with me as well.”
Jasper’s mouth flattened into a grim line. He stared at her bitterly. “I cannot.”
“Cannot or will not?”
“Both.”
“Why?”
“Cease your questions. I have given you all the answers I am willing to.”
He veered toward the painting. But she overcame him at once, stepping in front of him and blocking his path. Her flowery scent filled his senses, arresting him where he was as swiftly as though he’d sprouted roots into the floor.
“What are you doing?” he demanded over the roar of blood in his ears.
“I am not ready to be left alone yet.”
“You have Clara with you; you are not alone.”
“And just what am I supposed to tell her when she wakes? She is going to ask after her father…and after you.”
His scowl deepened. “Tell her whatever you like.”
He tried to go around her. And yet again, she blocked him.
“Please,” she implored. “Let us be friends while I am here. It is all I can give you in return for everything you have done for me.”
Friends!
Jasper knew he was glaring at her now. But he couldn’t help it. He wanted to leave, to disappear. Desperately. Was he going to have to move her out of the way? He truly hoped not! For it was much more likely that he wouldn’t move her aside at all. Instead, he would pull her nearer, look into her angelic face, and tell her just how tempted he was to risk it all—his heart, mainly—simply for a few blissful days spent in her company.
His hands clenched at his sides. “I do not need a friend, Emily. I do not want one.”
“I don’t believe you. Last night, you wanted me to see you. You said yourself that you had been existing unseen and alone for far too long. Jasper, you want companionship as much as I do.”
“What I wanted was to be seen—for one moment in time. That was all.”
“That’s not true.”
“It is. I thought you were leaving.”
“I still am—eventually!”
“And so I’m to play pretend with you in the meantime?”
“Jasper…”
“Enough,” he whispered, undone at last. “Are you actually trying to add to my misery? If so, you are doing exceedingly well.”
She sucked in a tiny gasp. The sound went through him with acute precision. He watched as she moved out of his way.
“Very well,” she said in a tight voice, giving him her back as she returned to the desk. “I do not want to ever attribute to any misery of yours. You do not deserve that. Go. I will leave you be, just as you wish.”
He warred with himself for a few seconds. Then, with a grunt of anguished frustration, he dashed away from her, trading the warmth of the library for the cold darkness of the walls—where he belonged and always would.
Chapter 10

Confessions by Firelight


“Look, Mama. Apples!”
Reluctantly, Emily turned from the painting on the library wall—the one she knew now to be a secret door to Jasper’s hidden world. She’d been staring at it for hours, leaving it only to go upstairs, dress herself, and come right back down to it again. She just couldn’t seem to leave it alone…
What’s more, all of her obsessing was leaving her in a terribly distracted state.
Seeing Clara in the large chair behind the desk, peering over the armrest and down into the crate, Emily came forward a few steps. “Be cautious, darling; you’re going to fall.”
Clara sat back again. “Can I have an apple now? I have been asking you all day, but you don’t seem to hear me.”
Emily sighed. “I’m sorry. Let’s save the apples. Finish the rice I made. We still have plenty of that. And we don’t want it to go to waste now, do we?”
Clara’s shoulders slumped as she turned and assessed the bowl of mush in front of her. She cast the apples a forlorn look. Then, in reluctant compliance, she plucked up a spoon and took a bite.
Emily watched Clara eat, trying very hard to keep from turning back to the painting. But in under five minutes, the temptation proved to be too much; she angled toward it and was once again lost in rapt fascination.
Bordered in an ornate golden frame, it was a beautiful depiction of a weeping willow. The tree’s dipping branches and pale green leaves looked impossibly real, giving the illusion that they might flutter or sway at any moment.
The door itself, though, was unwaveringly fixed. She wasn’t even sure how Jasper had opened it. Surely there was some sort of latch somewhere…
A tug on the back of her dress startled her, and she peered over her shoulder. Clara stood just behind her. She was holding up a bowl of rice for her.
“Dinner for you, Mama.”
Emily sighed again, a little embarrassed that she was so distracted that her daughter felt the need to take care of her. “Thank you,” she said, accepting the bowl. “That is thoughtful of you.”
She fiddled with her spoon and shot one last look at the painting as she walked away. If only she could snap out of this trance-like stupor Jasper had abandoned her in. It was beyond frustrating. For the whole situation just made no sense. He made no sense. Why would he stay hidden? Why, now that she knew his name? Why, after letting her glimpse the grievous condition of his skin? She knew he was alive, unlike most of the world! What was there to gain from hiding from her now?
She’d tried to get him to explain. But his subsequent comment about her causing him misery was both shocking and hurtful. She had never intended to upset him. She’d actually been more worried about being an imposition to him than anything else.
Maybe she was right to worry, after all.
Shaking her head as if to loosen the tangle of her thoughts, Emily took a small bite from her spoon. She instantly grimaced at the texture of the rice. “Dear me, this is just awful, isn’t it?”
“You tried,” Clara comforted, but her expression suggested she agreed wholeheartedly.
Emily took a few more bites, just so she did not feel the food was entirely wasted. Then she and Clara set their bowls aside. Quiet, they settled on the floor before the fireplace.
It’d been a happy discovery when they had found the wood and coal assembled on the grate. For a fire was something they knew would bring them great comfort and peace, indeed. They’d waited, eager for the sun to set. And then, after twelve failed attempts to light the deuced thing, a modest fire finally roared to life in the fireplace.
Without a word, Emily and Clara stared into the flames now, warming themselves. Emily could have remained like that, she was sure, until it was time for bed. But the weight of what lay unspoken between them was becoming impossible to ignore.
She glanced at her daughter, her heart increasing in weight. They had not yet discussed what’d happened that morning. She’d given Clara the full afternoon to resettle into the house before addressing anything. But the time had come. She couldn’t keep putting it off. Clara deserved an explanation.
“Did you have a nice nap earlier, Clara?”
Clara shrugged.
“You slept a long while…But then again, you did endure some unexpected excitement. I understand why it might have exhausted you.”
Clara looked at the fire, and Emily waited, knowing the questions would come now.
“…Papa was very mad today,” Clara mentioned at last.
“He did seem angry, yes.”
“Why?”
Emily prudently turned a few words over in silence until she found the right ones. “I cannot say for certain; I am not in his mind. But if I had to guess, I would say it was because we left Whitmore.”
“He didn’t want us to go?”
“No.”
Clara plucked at her doll’s dress. “I don’t like it when he’s mad. He shouts, and it’s very scary.”
“I agree. I think too much shouting can be quite scary.”
Clara kept her eyes on her doll. “I am glad you decided we should stay here longer, even though it’s not raining anymore.” She paused. “But I am scared Papa will come back. If he does, will we have to see him?”
“No. Mr. Duvane will keep us with him, instead.”
“Good. Papa will be madder than before, I think. It will hurt more if he finds us, too.”
Emily gaped at her. It was the first time Clara had ever confirmed she knew about Clinton’s abuse—and as awful as that was, she hadn’t even spoken of it in reference to Emily alone.
Us…She’d said us…
“Explain what you mean by that statement,” Emily rasped, horror rising inside her.
Clara turned mute. Tension gathered in the air.
“Clara Belle Mathers,” Emily said in as gentle of a tone as she could manage, “tell me what you mean this instant. Be clear now.”
Clara pushed her face into her doll. “I know he hurts you. I know that’s why your face looks like that. He hits me too sometimes. He hits me very hard, and I hate it.”
The words were spoken softly, tears in them, but they fell over Emily with the weight of a thousand stones. The impact was so forceful, it knocked the air from her lungs, crushing her inwardly.
No! she lamented. He couldn’t have been hurting her right under my nose! I would know it! I would have seen the signs—and recognized them!
But in the deepest recesses of her soul, she knew she was wrong. Clinton was evil incarnate. It was not farfetched at all to believe he’d been abusing not just herself, but their daughter behind closed doors as well! It would be all too easy for him to control them, manipulate them, and keep them apart so neither of them would ever be the wiser.
Even still, the realization gutted her. She’d thought she’d gotten Clara out in time, before the violence ever turned in her direction! Until then, she hadn’t thought it ever would!
How could he hurt her? Emily thought, battling a wall of tears that she refused to shed in front of Clara. Our precious child, whom he claimed to love so dearly! I’ll kill him.
“Papa was wrong to hit you,” she said with intentional vehemence. “Do you hear me? Wrong.”
Clara looked over at her, bewildered.
“You did not deserve that, Clara. There is nothing you could have said or done that would have warranted it.” She leaned closer. “And had I known, I would have done everything in my power to stop it. I am so sorry you were alone.”
“I wasn’t alone. Nanny Bess was there too.”
It took all of Emily’s willpower to keep her face placid when, inside, she was smoldering with fury. That witch had been present for all of this too? Well, she could rot with him!
Clara retrained her gaze onto her doll. “Nanny Bess tried to come before he got to me. But sometimes she couldn’t; he’d locked the door. But always, she came afterward.”
“…Oh.” Emily blinked, struggling to hear past the noise inside her. “She tried to help you, then?”
“Yes, she loves me. And I am sad now, thinking of her; I don’t like that she’s going to be alone with him.”
Emily frowned. It was hard to imagine Bess as anything other than a villain. It’d been that way for so long already. But she supposed she needed to try…
“Nanny Bess will be all right,” she soothed.
“No. She won’t.”
It was Clara’s absolute rigidity that sent a cold chill up Emily’s spine. “Why won’t she be all right, Clara?”
“Because he can’t show us that he is mad, so he will show her.”
Clara turned, burying her face in Emily’s bosom. Baffled, Emily held her daughter close.
“Clara, was he ever mad at Nanny Bess before?”
“Yes.”
“…Did you ever see him hit her?”
“Once. But I know he did it more than that.”
Emily shut her eyes, sickened. “Do you want to tell me about it?” she whispered, hoping to somehow unburden her child from the trauma she’d experienced.
“I broke a vase. Papa was mad, and he looked for me. But Nanny Bess had hidden me away in a cupboard so he couldn’t find me. I listened as Papa began yelling at her.” Clara sniffed. “It made me cry. So I opened the door and came out. I just wanted him to stop. But he got madder seeing me there. He hit Nanny Bess in the face for hiding me away, and she fell down and didn’t get up. Then he left me there with her. I didn’t know what to do! So I just sat there!” Clara shuddered and began weeping. “Don’t you see? She was hurt and not me. And it was all my fault, Mama!”
“Oh, Clara…” Emily’s arms tightened, and she pressed a long kiss over Clara’s hair. “What an awful story. But it was not your fault. None of it was.”
“But the vase—”
“You broke a vase, and an apology and some tidying up should have been more than sufficient.”
“Nanny Bess got hurt because of me,” Clara whimpered.
“No, Nanny Bess got hurt because Papa made a very bad choice.”
“But now she will be alone with him. All alone! Think of how mad he will be when he gets home to her. Oh, it makes me want to cry for hours!”
Emily cradled her child, who was now weeping openly against her. And an unexpected sprout of empathy formed inside her for Bess. It was the most peculiar sensation. Like the birth of green in a field of ash. But she could hardly help it. Because between herself, Bess, and Clara, a commonality had revealed itself: They were all familiar with what it was to know the real Clinton Mathers, and to be close to him. It was painful. He’d told each of them he loved them, but he hadn’t been loving them at all; he’d been preying upon them.
“I am so sorry, Clara,” Emily said with quiet fierceness, her gaze turning to the fire. “You have seen and known so much I wasn’t aware of. You were lucky to have Nanny Bess, and she was lucky to have you. I mean it, Clara. She did not blame you for your father’s decision to hurt her, and you should not either.”
“But she is at Whitmore now, and Papa is surely back now too. What if he hits her again—tonight?!”
Emily knew then that the time had come for Clara to learn the truth of their circumstances. There was no more point in trying to keep her in the dark; the poor girl knew so much already. So much more than Emily had ever suspected.
“Clara,” she said, “your father isn’t home right now. He has gone somewhere else.”
“Where?”
“Millwood—the very town I was actually hoping we could board a coach at. It is because of his presence there that we must wait here. It is also the reason we may not go outside and play; I do not want him to see us here.” She sighed, hating that she had to be so honest so soon—yet she had little choice. So she pressed on. “When he leaves, we ourselves will go, as well; we will act like we never knew him. Our names will change. You will go by Clara Wright, and I will be Emma Wright. We will dress in black for several months because we will be pretending to grieve for a man believed to be your father. No one needs to know he is really alive, that he is looking for us at all. We will hide together in Westbeck or some other town where we can be safe. This is the real reason for our journey, Clara. I am trying to save us from what you just described to me—from the awful treatment we have received and do not deserve.”
“Why must we hide at all? Can’t anyone help us?”
Emily frowned. How she wished there was another way—any other way! But Clinton would never grant her a divorce; he would be more likely to bury her first, disguised as some ridiculous accident.
She couldn’t ask for help either; to whom would she run?
A husband was allowed to punish his wife and children—in whatever manner he chose. The law protected him; religion supported him, ordaining him ruler of the house. Meanwhile, everyone else, particularly his wife, must subserviently respect and obey him. There was nothing Emily could do.
“No,” she answered simply. “We must help ourselves.” She kissed Clara and held her close. “And to do that, we are going to run away together. And when your father does return to Whitmore, hopefully Nanny Bess knows she can leave if she needs to. She must try to take care of herself, because you are with me now. And I will not let any harm come to you ever again. I promise you, Clara, you are always safe with me.”
A moment passed. Then Clara pulled back a little. “And I am safe with Mr. Duvane too.”
Emily felt somewhat breathless at the statement. She’d been so deeply submerged in their conversation that she’d almost forgotten about Jasper. But again, as thoughts of him filled her, the past receded—and it became her turn to feel comforted and safe.
“Yes,” she said. “You are safe with Mr. Duvane too. We both are.”
“So if Papa comes back, you said Mr. Duvane will hide us again?” She looked at the wall, critical yet curious. “In there?”
Emily looked at it with her. “He will.”
“Good.”
Clara peered down at the doll in her lap. Thoughtfully, she traced the fine white stitches on the doll’s neck. Emily watched her, remembering how her little face had lit up with wonder upon learning what Jasper had done for her beloved doll. Granted, Emily hadn’t told her the real story; she’d merely claimed that Jasper had seen a hole and decided to mend it. But still, the act had elicited Clara’s immediate adoration and respect.
“I like Mr. Duvane—so much,” Clara said into the doll’s raggedy hair as she hugged it close. “Will he not come out and see us again?”
“…I do not know.”
“I hope he will. He helped us and Bessie Doll, and I should thank him for it.”
“Yes. You really should. But I cannot say when or if you will be given the chance.”
“Well, I will call out to him before we go, then. I will tell him to come to me, and I will make him listen.”
“Very well—I will too,” Emily assented, because she knew Clara was right; Jasper deserved to hear Clara tell him that she liked him, that she was thankful for his consideration of her safety and her doll. He also deserved to hear Emily express her own gratitude, as well as her concern. He was not so easy to discard and forget as he believed. He was still worth knowing, despite whatever secrets had driven him to the shadows.
“Why is he still hiding, Mama?”
Emily blew out a long breath. “Well, Clara,” she said, “you once told me you believed Mr. Duvane to be a lonely man. And you were quite right to say so; he is very lonely. So lonely, in fact, I do not think he knows how else to be. I have asked him to spend time with us before we go. I too would like to be able to show our gratitude for his help and kindness. But he has expressed a desire to be alone. So all we can do now is hope he changes his mind before we go. If he doesn’t, then we will do as you said and demand he listen to us.”
Clara nodded, and Emily glanced at the painting out of the corner of her eye again. The willow sagged beneath the weight of its leaves—quite as she felt inside, but with the weight of her emotions.
Her heart was such a mess lately. It seemed to always be breaking for one reason or another. One minute it was for her daughter, then for herself, and then, to her great surprise, for Bess.
Right then, it was breaking for the man who’d painted that picture on the wall. The same man who’d disappeared beyond it, wishing to never be seen again. If only he could accept her offer of companionship, however temporary it may be. Wasn’t it, in the end, better than having none at all?
Apparently not to Jasper Duvane.
Part 2


“Have you given any thought at all to what it will feel like for me to leave you here, Jasper? Do you think, now that I have met you, I will be able to just pack my things and abandon you with ease? I have glimpsed your heart, and it is kind and good. And to think of you alone here without a friend in the world pains me endlessly.”
—Emily Mathers
Chapter 11

Ghosts of the Past

Three Days Later


The next three days passed in smooth, albeit slow succession. Fortunately, Emily and Clara had fallen into a routine at Valenstone Mansion, which helped to pass the time—somewhat. In the mornings, they took their breakfast in the morning room, and then the day was divided with activities. First, they would study arithmetic and writing in the library; then there were proper dance lessons in the ballroom; afterward came lunch and a leisure activity of their choice in the drawing room; and when evening came at last, it was spent with a small fire and dinner in their bedroom—something that was not easy to accomplish; Jasper was right in saying that the crate would be difficult to lug around.
But even still, Emily found it preferable to remaining on the darkened first floor after sunset. For while Valenstone might have lost its fear-inducing power during the day, at night it still clamored with a distressing number of shadows. And knowing Clinton was out there searching for them as his men were camped on the moors only added to Emily’s alarm. As did the knowledge that Jasper was alone, listening to her from some forlorn location in the house.
Indeed, she’d lost count how many times she’d thought and worried about him…
Seated in the sunlit morning room, a spoonful of pickled plums in her hand, Emily repressed a heavy sigh—and again, her thoughts turned to Valenstone’s resident phantom. Where was he? How was he? Was he listening for her now?
Frowning, she resettled into her chair, feeling self-conscious. And quite bored, admittedly. She needed a change of pace—something to lighten her mind.
Emily took another bite of plum, her mind turning over ideas. Meanwhile, she assessed the moorland hill that swept up high outside the morning room window. She recalled being up there, on that hill, and what it’d felt like to look out at the mansion. It’d been a sprawling, intimidating view. What with its many pitched gables and jutting tower—
For the first time that morning, the fog inside her mind cleared. She stopped midway in her pursuit of another plum. The tower. She’d forgotten about it entirely. It was somewhere on the southern end of the house. It’d been placed at a soaring height, and no doubt it would provide her with a splendid view of the moors—and anyone who lurked upon them.
She would also probably gain a few of Millwood up there. Granted, she’d already spent hours studying the book of maps she’d found; she knew it was situated about three miles to the west, nestled obscurely in the hilly terrain of the moors. But it was one thing to see her route to freedom on paper and another to see it in real life.
There it is—the very change of pace I needed for my day! I want to look at the moors from the highest place I can reach!
Emily trained her eyes on Clara. Feeling her mother’s gaze—or perhaps merely sensing the shift in the energy around her—Clara met her stare.
“What is it?” her little voice asked, sounding nervous.
“Finish your plums,” Emily murmured.
“Do I need to hurry?”
“If you can, I think that would be best.”
“Why?”
Emily stood and began tidying up the round walnut table. “I just have an idea of what we can do with our day, is all. And I would like to get down to doing it as soon as possible.”
“I already know what we will do,” Clara said with a sigh. “More writing and arithmetic.”
“…Would you like the day off, Clara?”
Clara brightened. “Really?”
“I don’t see why not. You have been quite diligent in your studies.”
“What shall we do, then?”
Emily looked down at her. “Well, I was thinking of visiting the tower…”
Clara’s eyes rounded. “The tower? There’s a tower here?”
“A gargantuan one.”
“Like in that princess story you read to me?”
“Just like it.”
“Wow!” Clara’s exalted expression dimmed. “If it is so gar—gargan—”
“Gargantuan.”
“Gargantuan. Thank you. If it is so gargantuan, how have we not found it yet?”
“We have not explored every nook in this house, Clara. Though, it does sometimes feel like we have. There is a way to get up there; we just have to find it.” Emily lifted one eyebrow archly. “I think I may even have an inkling of where to start looking. Shall we go?”
Clara slid from her chair. “Oh, yes! Let us hurry now!”
Emily finished gathering their things into the crate. Then she set it by the hutch, which Jasper had told her was actually a hidden door. Backing away, she looked at it.
With four small oak doors and two central drawers on the bottom half, an open shelf flanked by cabinets on the top, it looked like ordinary piece of furniture to her. She couldn’t imagine how it opened. So, as so many times before, she puzzled over it for another moment or two before giving up and abandoning it.
She and Clara left the morning room and wandered through the quiet east hall. As they did, Emily found herself listening intently for Jasper. But the creaking that’d once sounded so dreadful to her ears was absent; he himself was silent and still, intent on keeping away from them. But even still, she was sure he was listening.
Fleetingly, she wondered if she should call out to him and ask where the stairs to the tower were. He would help her, surely. He’d told her himself that he would be of assistance to her if she needed it.
Butterflies swirled in her belly at the concept of seeing him again. But she dashed the idea away before it could take root in her mind. Yes, he’d said he would be of aid if she needed it. But unfortunately, he’d also let it slip that remaining with her beyond the walls was only adding to his misery—a revealing and brutal truth. One that told her that the best course of action was to simply leave him be.
And so she led Clara along, determined to find the tower herself. She knew already it was settled toward the south. So naturally, she assumed they must begin their search on the southern end of the house.
Emily followed the turn in the hall that led to the conservatory and the basement serving area. “Keep up, Clara,” she said. “I think we may find the tower stairs in this direction.”
“How do you know? We’ve been this way many times and have never found them.”
“Do you remember that little set of stairs in the conservatory?”
Clara skittered alongside her, Bessie Doll held close. “I do.”
“Well, we haven’t gone up them yet, have we? I say let’s begin our investigation there and find out where they lead.”
“Oh, goody! This is such fun!”
Emily glanced at her, happy to have provided a distraction for them both. They needed this. They needed something new and exciting to occupy them—at least for a while.
As they came upon the conservatory, Emily’s gaze slid through the glass, connecting with the pale marble eyes of the angel statue. Then she opened the door, and Clara followed her into the lush green room. As usual, the scent of jasmine and citrus filled the air. She breathed it in, loving how bright and rich everything was in there.
Sighing, she ran her hand across the angel as she passed it. In the back of the conservatory, she stopped before the spiraling iron staircase. It looked strong enough, but she wasn’t sure of its true condition yet. She took the first step with caution. It groaned slightly, but seemed sturdy enough. She looked down at Clara.
“Let me go first,” she said softly. “When I reach the top, I will call for you if it’s safe.”
Emily traipsed up the stairs as lightly as she could, the handrail providing only a meager bit of balance on the steep incline. At the top, there was an iron-gated landing, several empty flower pots, and a single door. Emily stared at the door with mounting interest.
“It is safe to come up!” she called.
Clara then rounded the stairs with as much restraint as a six-year-old could demonstrate. A wonderous smile was pulling at her lips as she made it to the top. She turned to look down at the conservatory below them.
“We are so high!” she exclaimed. “It is beautiful up here. Look at the angel, Mama! We are even higher than her now, and she’s quite gargantuan…”
Emily laughed a little and looked down into the room. The marble angel protruded from the greenery, the sun ensconcing it in white light. Something pulled at her soul, and she felt the sudden desire to sit and unburden her heart to it, as before.
She had a lot to unpack, that was for sure.
Another day, perhaps, she thought. I have higher still to climb.
Turning back to the door, Emily grasped the doorknob and turned it. Beyond it was a relatively tight tunnel, its floor and ceiling laid with bath stone like the walls outside. At the end, was another door.
She wandered inside. The tunnel was dim, and it reminded her faintly of the ones that lay hidden deep within Valenstone.
This can’t be one of those tunnels, though, she thought. It is hardly hidden at all…
But as she edged farther into the passage, the feeling of being returned to the innards of the mansion grew. By the time she reached the door, it was much darker, and she felt a bit breathless.
She opened the door; its hinges protested in earnest. Light infiltrated the bleak darkness, streaming in ribbons from somewhere above. She looked up, blinkingly. It was coming from several small windows, she realized. They punched holes in the surrounding opacity, revealing stairs that spun upward to a dizzying height, circling a cylindrical room.
“The tower,” she exhaled.
“You found it!” Clara beamed. “You seemed to know where it was all along!”
Emily ruffled her daughter’s hair, grinning as a sense of pride stole over her. “I hope you are ready to climb up there! It will be quite the hike.”
“Oh, yes!” Clara kissed her doll. “Come on, Bessie Doll! This is just like the book we read in the library.”
Emily nudged Clara on the shoulder. “Well, lead the way, won’t you?”
Clara gaped at her. “Me?”
“Of course.”
“Thank you!” Clara said with a blinding smile. “Follow me now. And be sure to be very careful! We don’t want you to fall down and get hurt—Mr. Duvane dislikes hearing you cry, remember?”
Emily nodded, words failing her. And then off they went, up and around. They passed window after window, and even, to Emily’s great surprise, another door. But she didn’t open it; she was undeterred in her mission to reach the top, as was Clara.
Indeed, they stopped only once, and that was at a window to catch their breath and give their aching legs a reprieve from the arduous ascent. The view was spectacular already, but it was not the panoramic one that Emily sought. And so she urged them onward again.
At long last, when they reached the top, Emily opened the door to a soaring room that was encompassed with a gallery of stained-glass windows. There were no images in the glass, only an array of panes, their colors muted and clear enough to be seen through easily.
And goodness, what a sight it was that awaited them beyond!
Emily’s eyes didn’t know where to settle first. It was almost disorienting and even somewhat humbling, being thrust up so high into the air, so far away from the world below. She felt like she was in another realm, a limbo of sorts that rested in between heaven and earth.
Clara headed excitedly to one of the windows. “Oh, look!” she cried, peering through a pale blue pane. “We are flying!”
“It certainly feels like it, doesn’t it?” Emily said in awe.
She went to a window as well. She looked through it and began inspecting the landscape for signs of Clinton or the men who were supposedly camped out on the moors. Her gaze snagged a few times on trees and large rocks, their shapes confusing her. She switched windows. Still nothing. Several windows later, and she began to feel anxious. For she was not spotting anyone anywhere.
Had they gone already? Had Clinton uncharacteristically abandoned his mission? Was he moving on from Millwood, without any intention of returning to Valenstone at all?
Heavens, if that was the case, she didn’t need to remain any longer. She and Clara could return downstairs and pack their things at once. They could take to the moors that very day and…and…
Leave Jasper Duvane behind forever.
Needing a moment to let that sink in, she shifted her attention to the west, the direction she knew Millwood to be settled. Right away, she spotted a gathered collection of rooftops and winding cobbled streets situated in a deep dale. A thrill shot through her. It was the first glimpse she’d had of her intended destination. Her first glimpse of freedom…
“Mama?”
“Yes?”
“I see something.”
“What is it?” she mumbled, still preoccupied by the taunting sight of the market town.
“I can’t be sure. They are like little black…ants.”
Emily turned toward her daughter at last. Ants? All the way up in the tower? “Well, don’t touch them, Clara. They may bite you.”
“No, they’re not real ants. They just look that way because we are up so high. What are they?”
Emily approached Clara. “Where?”
“Down there.” Clara jutted an index finger against the glass, pointing to the north.
Emily looked. Far on a distant hill, small dots huddled in the grass. A few of them moved, and she could see what appeared to be legs parting and coming together again. Legs that belong to men as well as horses and dogs.
Warren and Claude! So it was true, then. They’d actually remained within proximity of the mansion and were hunting her with those confounded hounds! That meant that Clinton was still in Millwood after all!
Emily shook her head, the dream of seeing Millwood’s lights by nightfall disintegrating behind her eyes. Oh, how she hated that man!
“Do you see them?” Clara asked.
“Yes,” Emily said thickly.
“What are they?”
“Just some people walking around, I suppose…”
Clara stared awhile longer and then moved to another window. Emily remained, however, and glared down to where the men and animals roamed, resentment in her heart. The only bit of comfort she was able to take from the situation was that she wouldn’t have to desert Jasper just yet. And that was, in all actuality, a significantly powerful feeling, despite her shattered hopes. Because no matter how ready she was to be free of the moors and of Clinton, she was not ready to leave Jasper. It was unnatural to abandon another human, particularly when that person had been nothing but helpful and kind.
So, boxing away her impatience to leave—there was nothing to be done about it anyway—Emily relaxed and turned to a different window. A short while later, when Clara had been given ample time to roam the gallery and study the colorful glass, they decided to leave. The journey down, while tiring, was not nearly as arduous. And when they came across the door they’d bypassed on the way up, Emily gestured for Clara to stop.
“Let us see where this door leads,” she declared as she opened it.
She and Clara poked their heads through the doorway together and looked around. Emily recognized straight away that they were standing at the entrance to one of the upstairs corridors.
“Interesting,” she whispered. “I wonder what else is up here that we don’t know about.”
“Let’s investigate and find out!” Clara marched into the corridor. “Come on. I will lead the way again.”
Emily trailed after Clara, who had already begun opening doors, scrutinizing everything she saw with a judicious eye. Most of the rooms ended up being additional guest rooms, all with accommodations similar to the room they themselves slept in. One room, however, she suspected very much to be the master bedroom. Mr. Hughes’ room. And perhaps Jasper’s too, if he’d stayed in it after becoming master of the mansion.
“Let’s not explore this room,” she said, ushering Clara along respectfully.
“Why not?”
“I think this may be a private room of Mr. Duvane’s.”
Clara looked back. “Is he in there?”
“No, darling. He is not.” At least, I don’t think he is…
Clara accepted that explanation with a disappointed shrug and was then hurrying down the corridor again in a flash.
“Slow down, Clara,” Emily called, and she quickly closed the double doors.
But as she left, thoughts of Jasper filled her mind. She tried to imagine him roaming the same hall she was in now, heading to and from his bedroom, like an ordinary man. How strange it must have been to play a part in such a charade, knowing there were tunnels below and around him, waiting for him…
She tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear, frowning. As she turned down the last corridor, catching up with Clara, she tried to refocus her thoughts. “Clara,” she sighed, “do not rush too far ahead.”
Clara stopped to wait for her. “But there is only one door left. I won’t get lost.”
Emily looked around in surprise. Clara was right. The hall was a dead-end, and it only had one door located at the very back.
“You may go on, then,” she said.
Clara skipped off again, Bessie Doll dangling from one hand. “The last room!” she heralded. “It will be the best. Look at how big the door is!”
Emily lifted her brows at the observation. For she too couldn’t help but notice that the door really was a great deal larger than the others. She eyed it uncertainly. What could be beyond it?
Reaching it, Clara lowered its handle and pulled hard. But the door was quite heavy, and she struggled a bit.
“Do you need help?”
“No,” Clara said, straining to say the word, yet sounding determined as well. A moment later, she pulled the door open just enough to peer inside. “More stairs!” she announced over her shoulder.
More stairs?
Emily winced inwardly. She did not like the idea of climbing them; her legs were already aching and tired. But the look of enthusiasm on Clara’s face had her biting back the request to quit their investigation and turn back.
“I will be safe,” Clara told her, misreading her hesitancy.
Emily smiled gently. “I trust that you will. Go ahead.”
Clara slid past the door.
“Just be sure to stop once you’ve made it to the top,” Emily called in warning.
Emily reached the doorway a few paces behind Clara. She hauled the door open a little more before slipping into what was a staircase that curled upward in a narrow fashion. She understood then that they were entering what was surely the mansion’s only turret. The steps did not travel far, for she could hear Clara stop just one flight above her.
“Another door,” Clara’s voice called down to her.
Emily rounded the tight stairwell. She saw Clara waiting at the top. Before her was a solid oak door. “All right,” she said. “Open it.”
Clara turned the knob and opened the door. She peeked inside—and then her little body stiffened.
“Mama…”
“What is it?”
“This is a strange room.”
“Strange?”
“I am echoing. And…”
Emily stared up at her from several steps below. “And what, Clara?”
“I see something.” Clara glanced back. Her face held a measure of concern that was difficult to ignore.
Emily took a step up. “…What do you see?
“I don’t know. An animal, maybe. It’s very big.”
An animal?! How can that be? If there is an animal hidden anywhere in Valenstone, Jasper would know of it and have freed it already.
Even with this rationalization, Emily hurried upward and tucked Clara behind her, onto a lower step. Then she herself peered into the room. As she expected, it was quite bleak inside. But through a few narrowly parted sections of open drapery, fragile daylight leaked in.
At first, she didn’t know exactly where to look; there were many things, it seemed, that were scattered about. Then, against the far back wall, she saw it: a white form that did, to her great amazement, resemble an animal.
What in the world?!
“Do you see it?” Clara asked.
“…Yes.”
“What do you think it is?”
“I am not certain.” Emily narrowed her eyes. The white figure in the back remained utterly motionless. Almost as if it were carved from stone. “A statue, perhaps; it isn’t alive. Anyway, the longer we stand here in the dark, the more our imaginations will paint it as something it’s not.”
Clara made a move to step around her. “Well, let’s go take a look.”
“No,” Emily stopped her with the gentle press of her palm. “I will go. You will stay put.”
“But I found it! I want to go too.”
Emily sighed. “There are a great many things kept up here, Clara. Things hiding that we cannot see. Let me open the drapery to admit more sunlight in. Then we will have a clear view.”
Treading carefully, her voluminous black dress pressing against many unknown items, Emily entered the room. She kept her attention on the white object in the corner. It did not move. Mightily, she flung aside the heavy fabric that covered one window. The grey room became flooded with color.
Emily blinked several times, realizing at once that the white form wasn’t a stone statue at all. It was a wooden horse. A beautiful, white bow rocking horse, complete with a red saddle, bridle, reins, and stirrups.
“Well, would you look at that,” Emily whispered. “It is a rocking horse, Clara.”
As Clara raced toward it, Emily turned to observe the turret room in which they were standing. Circular in shape, it housed several windows. Its roof was pitched angularly, jutting into a high vault in the center. It was a decently sized space. And it could have been used as a great many things: a retreat, a study, a painting room, a child’s playroom. Yet right then, it appeared to be used only as storage space; and there was an enormity of things that filled it.
Ahead of her, in the middle of the room, was a sitting area that consisted of a red velvet sofa and mahogany table. And spread all about were things like a stand-alone dressing mirror, a coat rack, an old grandfather clock, two large armchairs, and three enormous wooden trunks with brass embellishments. There were crates brimming with ornaments and trinkets; small tables were stacked high with old books; and there were heaps upon heaps of paintings everywhere—Jasper’s paintings. They were literally scattered about the room, either leaning against a wall or stacked in piles.
For a moment, Emily remained where she was, simply staring. She had no idea what to do. Should she behave as Clara did and move toward what pulled at her interest? Or should she keep her distance? The logical side of her brain suggested the latter. It would be the most honorable thing to do, in light of how earnestly Jasper safeguarded his past.
A past that seemed to seep from the very walls of the room around her…
And yet, Emily felt overcome with intrigue. She didn’t want to keep back; she wanted to lose herself in everything she saw! She had stumbled upon a literal treasure trove of memories. How was she supposed to just ignore what was, quite possibly, her last chance to get to know him?
Hesitant, Emily watched as Clara stroked the rocking horse’s mane with loving hands. “I am sorry I was scared,” her little voice could be heard crooning into the animal’s stately face. “I could not see you. But now I can. You are beautiful. Look, Bessie Doll. Isn’t he beautiful?”
Emily smiled, and she decided then and there to overlook the fact that they may be encroaching on Jasper’s privacy. With all that they’d been through, it was important to hold fast to whatever measure of happiness they could find—even if it meant being a little more officious than what was polite.
After all, Emily deduced, it is just a rocking horse, one that is tucked away in a room full of forsaken things. If Jasper wished for anything to remain hidden, he would have buried it deep in the walls, with him. He most certainly wouldn’t have told me to stay, to roam and make noise, to feel like his home is my own…
Emily perked, smoothing her hands over her black bodice and skirt. And having rationalized her true desire—which was to snoop shamelessly—she began to walk about the room. Her gaze wandered up and over her surroundings, absorbing each and every detail.
She paused beside some paintings to her left. Sifting through them, she noticed time and again a painting of a little boy who’d begun to feel familiar to her. It was the same painted boy that she’d seen in her initial bedroom. And the drawing room.
Jasper, she wondered. Is it you? Am I looking at an image of your younger self, before your world became an imprisoning labyrinth of tunnels and walls?
She moved away from the paintings and meandered past the rocking horse. Clara had since climbed atop it, and was now taking its weathered reins into her hands. Emily lifted her palm, signaling for both caution and care.
Clara nodded in understanding. And then the horse began to rock. Back and forth the heavy wooden bows rolled across the floor. The sound it emitted was no more than a murmur. But Clara’s bright expression made it seem as though she were galloping along an open terrain.
A little giddy herself now, Emily settled before one of the massive trunks that rested nearby. She lifted its heavy lid, rotating it back on its hinges. The shy scent of roses greeted her, and she smiled when she realized why.
Nestled inside was a layer of dried herbs and flowers wrapped in sheer cloth, their purpose being to preserve freshness and ward off moths. And underneath were several folded evening gowns. She marveled at the one on top, her fingers grazing over its smooth, amethyst silk.
She did not know where the dresses had come from or to whom they’d belonged—Caroline Hughes, perhaps?—but it was clear they were treasures, indeed.
Emily stroked the silk appreciatively. Oh, just once more, she wished she could wrap herself in some fine, vibrantly colored fabric! It was, perhaps, one of her only losses in leaving her life at Whitmore: the rich fashion!
A small price to pay for freedom, she thought with a sigh.
Resigned, she closed the trunk again. She got up. Dusting off her skirt, she sauntered away. When she saw the second trunk, she moved over to it. She then fell to her knees before it with an eagerness that made a quiver of guilt lance through her.
She dispelled the sensation and opened the lid. Settled inside was an assemblage of childhood toys and memorabilia. She scanned over it all with hasty eyes. There was a red ball with a blue stripe, spinning tops, skipping ropes, a bag of marbles, a black leather folder….
She considered the folder, feeling like it was out of place in a trunk filled with toys. Then she reached in, withdrew it, and opened it with care. Inside was a collection of drawings, which, while quite good, were undeniably created by the hand of a child. And the tiny initials, JD, scribbled on each paper revealed the artist to be whom she expected: Jasper Duvane.
Enchanted, she sifted through the images. Most of them, she noticed, depicted views from a window. Almost always the same window. In one, there was a bird on the sill. In another, a storm was billowing outside. She lingered over one in which a brown-haired boy was crouched beneath the window, playing with the blue and red ball.
It was the same boy she’d seen in the paintings.
Each and every one of them.
Just then, she thought she heard what sounded like a few low, displaced creaks. She snapped the folder shut and went very still, looking around the room in alarm. The rocking horse’s wooden bows hummed over the floorboards—but she heard nothing else.
Spooked, she resettled the folder back into the trunk and sealed it shut. She stared at the lid, feeling that snooping, perhaps, wasn’t such a good idea anymore. In some ways, she was only creating more mystery than she was solving.
Emily was just about to get up again when her attention landed on the third trunk. It wasn’t far from where she sat at all. She glared at it, hating how tempted she was to look into it. It was the last trunk in the turret room. Her last chance to see what else might be hidden in this house of secrets…
Just one last trunk! Then I swear I am done!
Emily adjusted her skirts and edged toward her prize. Once she was situated comfortably before it, she unlatched its clasp and lifted up on the lid. She caught a glimpse of what appeared to be newspapers, letters, and photographs; the smell of old ink drifted out into the dusty air.
But suddenly, the lid fell from her hands and slammed shut again, quite as if a heavy weight had been placed upon it. She sucked in a breath, shocked. And then she saw the reason behind its collapse.
A hand, tense and ravaged with scars, rested over top of it.
Oh God.
Her widening gaze trailed along that hand, then the white-sleeved arm. Finally, her head tilted back—and she was instantly confronted by the sight of a fearsomely beautiful face hovering ever so near to hers. So near, in fact, she could see every savage groove on his skin, every burning fleck of fire that flashed in his dark, smoldering eyes.
“Jasper,” she breathed.
Chapter 12

Color in the Dark


Jasper looked down at Emily with a wild heart. Her face, so pale at first, quickly began to fill with the most fascinating shade of red. The healing bruise on her cheek blended into the warmth. Distracted for a moment by the unexpected blush, he nearly forgot what he’d been about to say…or why he’d even come at all.
But then, like a thunderbolt, he remembered. He’d been listening with a reverent ear as Emily and Clara roamed through the house. The traipsing of their feet, the swell of their voices—the sounds had pacified his aching loneliness. He’d been able to envision what they looked like in each room. He could see the changes in their expressions, the way they looked in different shades of light.
Such imaginings had sent him into a creative frenzy; he had drawn countless sketches of them. Most were of Emily. Some were of Clara. He drew them as he’d seen them on the stairs, in the tunnel, in his room. He’d simply been desperate to capture their absolute likeness on every blank surface he could find.
That was why, when they’d gone into the turret, he’d been able to moderate the rush of panic that overcame him; he was happy for the excuse to leave the walls, to seek Emily and Clara out and look upon them with his eyes and not just his memory.
Stooped beside Emily now, her rosy face just a breath away, pleasure rolled through him in waves. For that reason alone, he was almost willing to overlook the invasion of the turret.
Almost.
“Emily,” he said gravely at last, “what are you doing?”
Her mouth fell agape. “I…um…Jasper, I just…Oh, forgive me.”
His hand fisted on the trunk. “Emily—”
“Mr. Duvane!”
Unwillingly, Jasper tore his gaze from her and looked up. He spotted Clara sitting atop the rocking horse, its red leather reins grasped in her hands. Something ancient stirred inside him at the sight.
“You are back!” she cried, smiling wide.
His brows pulled together in bewilderment. She seemed so happy to see him—impossibly happy. Strange, unearthly child. He was incapable of producing in her any of the feelings he anticipated.
“I am only here for the present,” he said.
“There is a present here?”
“No,” Emily managed, coming to a slow stand. “What Mr. Duvane means is that he is only here for the time being. He does not plan to stay.”
Jasper looked up at her from his slightly crouched position. Then he too stood to his full height. Emily studied him with widening eyes, and he steeled himself against her inspection as best he could. As usual, though, his self-loathing crept over him like a poison, reminding him just how heinous he must appear in the sunlight.
“What are you doing in here?” he demanded again.
Emily clasped her fine-boned hands behind her. “We are exploring.”
“Is there something you are searching for in particular?”
“Well, no…”
She visibly swallowed, and he felt himself glaring at the satiny column of her throat. His insecurities tripled, tempting him to pull his collar higher and hide the traumatized skin of his own neck. He only barely dispelled the impulse.
“I must insist that you take your exploring elsewhere,” he said gruffly.
“Of course,” she said. “I just thought that…well, it is only that I…” She took a fortifying breath. “You had said the house was ours. And I’d just assumed that whatever was incriminating to your circumstances would have been hidden away. Deeper than this, I mean.” Again, that splendid blush bloomed high in her cheeks, flustering him. “If I have offended you, I am very sorry. I meant no harm, Jasper.”
Before he could formulate a response, Clara slid from the rocking horse and came to stand beside her mother. “It is my fault.”
“Clara,” Emily began.
“I found the horse,” Clara went on, sounding ashamed. “I wanted to play. Don’t be angry at Mama, Mr. Duvane.”
“Clara,” Emily said again, turning toward the girl, “I am the adult. You have no blame here. I should have known better.” She paused, her gaze rising timidly up to Jasper’s face again. “I did know better. It will not happen again.”
There it was. The moment when he should nod his head, turn, and leave. For there was nothing left to say anymore. He’d confronted them, entreated that they leave the turret room—the one room that he’d honestly forgotten about. And he’d also gotten to feast his hungry eyes on the two angels who occupied his every thought.
One angel in particular.
It should have been enough. He needed it to be enough.
It wasn’t.
“I am not angry,” he said, awkward in his sudden vulnerability. “I should have told you not to come here.” Despite the large size of the room, he felt the walls shrinking around him. “This is not a room I think of often.”
To be truthful, he didn’t even know all of what was in it. He hadn’t been the one who’d stored the items there in the first place. But somehow, he knew there were things there he didn’t want to see—things he definitely didn’t want Emily to see, either.
Jasper cast a sidelong glance at the motionless toy by the wall. His mind wandered without his consent, catapulting him back to a time when he’d been very young, and the sound of those bows had been unbearable, indeed. Over and over again, wood over wood, rolling and kneading. Across his memories, a child’s laugh joined the repetitive sound. Then came a familiar voice.
‘Jasper…Jasper, are you in here? I’m coming in…’
The quiet in the turret drew out as the noise grew louder in his head. Still, he managed to hear Emily shift toward her daughter.
“Clara, while you have the chance,” she said, “didn’t you have something you wished to say to Mr. Duvane?”
His haunted gaze switched back to Clara. 
She nodded, smiling. “I know you fixed Bessie Doll,” she informed him, holding her doll up for his inspection. “Mama told me.”
He scrutinized it, not sure how to respond.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Duvane. For everything. I am so happy I met you—and I wish you would not hide anymore.”
Abruptly she came forward, wrapping Jasper up in an impulsive embrace. He reared back a little, tensing. But for some reason, he could not seem to dislodge himself from the fragile grip she had upon him. So he stood rigid, gaping down at her. Inside, though, he was unraveling.
It had been such a long time since anyone had held him like this—as though he were a person and not a monster. He’d quite forgotten what it felt like.
It felt nice.
And utterly terrifying.
Clara tilted her head back and looked up at him. Instantly, he was confronted with the miniature face of her mother. And it was more than the hair, eyes, and creamy complexion that made it so; she possessed the same innocence, the same guileless charm as Emily.
How tragic for him to have twice the power in one room.
“Will you stop hiding from us now?” she asked him. “Please?”
“Clara,” he began, but then he stopped again, words continuing to fail him.
“Why won’t you come out, Mr. Duvane? We like having you around.”
“I am out right now, aren’t I?”
“Yes, but you will leave again.” She frowned. “You are mad I played with your horse.”
“It is not my horse.” Before she could descend on him with questions, he added, “And I already told you, I am not mad.”
Clara loosened her hold on him. But she did not let go. He found himself feeling grateful for the lingering contact. He forced himself to relax.
“Then don’t go,” she said.
“Things are not that simple, Clara.”
“Please?” Her face became scrunched with determination. “Mama is so eager to leave. She won’t say it anymore. But she is always looking outside.”
Jasper’s heart stuttered a beat.
“Clara,” Emily admonished on a rush of breath.
“It’s true!” Clara cried.
“That’s enough,” Emily whispered. “For goodness’ sake, release Mr. Duvane and come here.”
Clara’s frown dipped a little further in the corners. She waited another second, perhaps hoping Jasper would say something else. But when he didn’t, she sighed and released him.
Jasper watched her back away. Then his gaze lifted to Emily again. Her warm eyes impaled him, seeing straight into him.
Damn. Damn. Damn.
“You cannot leave,” he glowered at her. “You know it isn’t…” The word safe hovered on his lips. He stopped himself short—for Clara’s sake. “It isn’t time yet.”
“Not yet,” she assented.
A long silence stretched across the room, wrapping all three of them into it.
“Well, then,” she eventually mumbled, “I suppose Clara and I should return downstairs now.”
He nodded once, not leaving his rooted spot on the floor.
She stared at him. “Right. Goodbye, Jasper.” She took Clara by the hand. “Say it now, Clara. Come on. You said yourself you hate not being able to say it.”
His jaw tightened.
“…Goodbye, Mr. Duvane,” Clara said sadly.
Emily seemed to hesitate, giving him one last look. But then she turned and headed for the door. She pulled Clara along.
Jasper glared at their retreating backs as everything inside him raged at the sight. He took a staggered step forward without even meaning to. Emily heard him, and she looked back, stopping. The earnest hope he saw in her countenance pulled him in farther; he took another step.
“I know a faster way,” he disclosed. “Follow me.”
Without waiting for a reply, Jasper turned to the wall. There he found the hidden latch that lay folded in the seams of the wainscoting. Turning the latch to the right, the paneled wall gave way and swung inward, revealing a plummeting set of stairs that were even more narrow than the main set leading from the turret.
He glanced over his shoulder at Emily and Clara, both of whom had yet to make a move to follow him. “I have no candle, so you will need to stay close,” he said.
Jasper descended into the tunnel below. Then he waited, listening. Still, neither of them had moved. “Are you coming?” he asked quietly, knowing his voice would travel up the stairs.
At last, Emily and Clara’s feet began shuffling across the floor. Clara came down first, shy yet curious. It was the first time she’d been in the walls with him without being asleep or panic-stricken.
“I am right here,” he said, stepping forward to touch her on the shoulder.
She reacted by sidling up against him.
Emily entered the wall as well, then. And when she shut the door behind her, they were all immediately assaulted by shadows.
“Mama,” Clara called.
“Your mother is coming down the stairs now,” he assured her as he listened to Emily’s footfall.
“You can see her?”
“I can hear her.”
“I’m coming, Clara,” Emily said, sounding uneasy.
Emily’s skirts pressed along the floor and walls as she approached, making his skin tingle. And being that his vision had adapted to the low light already, he could see her pale face and wide, searching eyes.
“We are just over here,” he said to her.
She edged closer, faster. Before he could warn her to stop, she bumped into him. The soft collision of her warm frame against his caused the darkness to explode with color. He sucked in a breath, shocked. And though he could have just backed away from her, he reacted instinctively and held her by the arm.
The additional contact made things significantly more difficult for him. Because he no longer wanted to steady her; he wanted to pull her closer, against the full length of him—which was utter madness.
God help him, why hadn’t he just let her leave when he’d had the chance?
“Excuse me,” he apologized, and he released her at once.
“No, that was my fault,” she said, sounding a little weaker herself. “Clara—come to me so I can hold your hand.”
Clara shifted. But instead of moving toward her mother, he felt her fingers begin working their way along his arm. When she took ahold of his hand, instinct ruled him again: he held on tight.
“It’s okay, Mama,” she said. “Mr. Duvane has me.”
He could practically feel the shock discharge from Emily’s body beside him. “She’s safe with me, Emily,” he said. “I promise. Now, let’s walk ahead. Your eyes will adjust soon.”
Jasper began leading them through the tunnels. And while it was a relatively short journey in comparison to the main halls, it was still a good distance they had to travel to return to the first floor. He made sure to guide them with caution and care, keeping Clara beside him and Emily, just behind. After following the tunnels and descending another set of stairs, he eased everyone to a halt.
“Which room do you wish to go to?” he asked.
Emily looked straight at him, her eyes accustomed to the dark now. “The morning room. The crate is there.”
“A little farther, then.”
He led them onward. When he reached the hidden door that he knew would lead to the morning room, he stopped again. With his free hand, he found the handle and pushed. This door was different from some of the others being that it swung into the room instead of the tunnel. And it was also the only one disguised as an actual piece of furniture. The hutch itself, while serving a purpose of housing teacups and silverware, was entirely hollow and very easy to maneuver—for someone who knew how to open it.
Slowly, he stepped past the threshold and into the morning room. He tugged Clara along, and Emily followed. He watched as they took in their surroundings.
“Golly,” Clara said. She stared back at the hutch, which was standing open wide, permitting a murky glance into the tunnel. “I didn’t know it could do that.”
“It is not really a proper hutch,” he told her. “It is only made to look like one.”
“Why?”
“So no one knows it is a door.”
“And so no one can find you,” she added.
Jasper felt Emily look over at him, and he grimly avoided her gaze.
“Don’t worry, Mr. Duvane,” Clara said to him. “I won’t tell anyone. You can trust me. We’re friends now.” She began pulling at him. “Want to eat with us? We still have some apples left. I love apples.”
Jasper resisted the pressure of her hold, thumping forward a few paces before stopping.
“Clara,” Emily said, “please don’t pull at Mr. Duvane like that. It is very impolite.”
Clara stopped immediately. She turned to face him again. “Oh. I’m sorry.” She released his hand altogether. “Are you going to leave us now?”
He trained his glare onto her mother, unable to resist. As he expected, Emily was regarding him with unhidden interest. And even a twinge of sorrow.
“I should,” he rasped.
She blinked a few times. And he knew then she would say something. “You do not have to, Jasper.”
“Yes, I do.”
“No.” She shook her head. “You do not.”
“We have already discussed this.”
“And still, it makes no sense to me.”
“Must it make sense to you?”
“It would certainly help if it did.” 
An unbidden rush of emotion overcame him. “And it would help me if you left it alone. I do not belong beyond the walls. Not for any reason other than to assist you if you need something.”
Her cheeks colored again. Then her chin lifted a notch. “All right. I need something.”
The way that statement rocketed through him—it was unfair how much gratification it gave him. Especially when he knew she was only saying it to challenge him into staying. “Is that so?”
“Yes.” She looked around, and he couldn’t help but wonder if she was thinking of a reason right on the spot. “The food,” she announced. “I have tried my hand at cooking a few days ago, and I am afraid I spoiled it terribly.”
He raised one caustic brow.
She forged on. “It was the rice. And it was dreadful, I tell you. We barely ate but a few bites.” Her eyes dropped to her daughter. “Tell him, Clara.”
Clara didn’t even hesitate. “It was the worst meal I ever had.”
For a moment, the stirrings of amusement danced in his abdomen. The sensation was so old, it felt altogether foreign. He soothed the itch by leaning into his irritation.
“What are you trying to say?” he demanded. “You wish me to cook for you like a servant boy, like the foundling I am at heart?”
Every drop of that luscious color he so admired drained from Emily’s face in an instant. “N-no,” she stammered. “That is not what I meant at all! I just…I only…Jasper, I am not ordering you to cook for us. I am merely asking you to…Well, I am informing you that I…Oh, drat it all! I cannot speak when I am so flustered!”
Pity consumed him, outweighing any agitation he felt. “You desire my help so that you don’t waste any more food,” he supplied, quieter.
She huffed a sigh. “Precisely.”
“Why must you cook anything at all?” he questioned. “There is food in the crate that does not require it.”
“Clara and I will sleep better with a hot meal in our stomachs,” she answered so naturally that he knew it must be true. “And we deserve to sleep well; there is a long journey in our near future.”
Jasper narrowed his eyes at her. She’d hit her mark, and they both knew it. He could not refuse her now—and as much as he loathed it, he was also quite glad that he couldn’t. The lonely corners of his soul hummed with excitement.
“Very well,” he conceded with a scowl, backing away a few paces. “I will return at sundown. Meet me in the library.” To Clara, he asserted, “Wait to eat the apples. I will cook them for you tonight.”
Without another word, he turned and left them, closing the hutch behind him.
Chapter 13

Gravity


Emily was pacing the library when the first discordant creak reached her ears. Her feet stilled on the floor, and with an absent mind, she smoothed her palms over her tiered silk skirts. She’d taken unexpected pains with her appearance that evening. She wasn’t sure why except that the idea of seeing Jasper again made her distinctly nervous—and excited.
She’d undergone a vigorous washing. Now her skin and hair fairly gleamed, and the scent of rose soap surrounded her. On an impulse, she’d even donned her evening bodice instead of the daytime one she’d been wearing. Its short-capped sleeves framed her shoulders, baring them, giving her an air of femininity and sophistication. Perfect for a more formal occasion.
Problem was, she was not attending a formal occasion. Not even close. She was in Valenstone’s dusty library, about to be joined by a man whom few people even knew still existed.
Even still, she banished the idea of racing away to change. She wanted to look nice. Never mind the circumstance—or the reason. After all, she’d worn countless gowns of every color and fabric, many of which possessed much deeper décolletages. The mourning gown she wore now, however beautiful, was hardly a showpiece.
Despite her rationalizing, though, as the sounds of Jasper’s movement continued to lift through the house, her sense of vulnerability grew. She pulled her paisley shawl up higher, around her shoulders. The caress of the thin silk was soft and intimate against her flushed skin. She shivered, and a strand of hair tumbled down from the loose arrangement she’d made of it. In a hurry, she pinned it back up, and the shawl slipped from her shoulders yet again. She turned to her daughter.
“Clara,” she whispered desperately, “does my hair look all right?”
Seated on the floor before the fire, Clara glanced over at her. But, being too distracted to assess Emily’s hair with proper scrutiny, she merely nodded once and returned her attention to her doll.
Frustrated with herself, Emily faced the bookshelves and tried to quell the panicked fluttering inside her. She was being silly, and she knew it. Jasper wouldn’t give two figs about her hair or her dress. He had greater concerns that did not include such frivolities.
Odds were, he wouldn’t even stay long at all. He’d come, cook them a few apples, and dash into obscurity again. She’d be lucky if he spared her a glance at all. Particularly as he’d seemed quite irritated with her when she’d last seen him. No doubt he’d suspected her plea for help to be what it really was: a ploy to keep him around.
Oh, well. Let him be annoyed with me. At least I’ll have him with me a little while longer. Maybe I’ll succeed in convincing him to stay…
Just then, movement on her right caught her attention. She looked. The painting was already ajar, revealing a familiar silhouette standing beyond it.
Jasper.
She thought his name but could not seem to say it aloud. Her throat had closed, restricting her words and, very nearly, her breath. She watched as he entered the room and then, spotting her, stopped again. His eyes became intensely dark, and a cloud seemed to fall over his expression.
Emily felt heat gather in her face, and she turned toward him, pulling up her shawl and doing her best to smile. Anything to break the tension that ignited the air between them. He did not smile back. And for one horrible moment, she thought he was actually going to turn and leave again.
No. Don’t go!
“Good evening, Jasper,” she pushed out in haste. “I am so glad you’re here.”
She took a few cautious steps in his direction. A muscle flickered in the right corner of his jaw, making his scars ripple. She stopped again.
“Thank you for keeping your word,” she whispered.
Clara turned toward him then. She must have been able to sense the severity emanating from him, though, because she said nothing. She simply came to her feet, leaving her doll on the floor by itself, and looked at him.
“Of course I kept my word,” he said, grave and quiet.
Emily swallowed. “We waited to eat the apples,” she said, waving her hand toward the crate, which sat just beside the painting now. “I managed well enough, but it was a great feat for Clara; she is very anxious to have them. Isn’t that so, Clara?”
Clara nodded.
But Jasper did not see the gesture. He was still fixated on Emily, a scowl forming on his brow. Another long silence drew out.
“Will you not come farther into the room?” Emily asked at last.
Finally, he ripped his gaze from her and pivoted toward the crate. Emily frowned, noticing how Clara was viewing him uncertainly. But then, in a gentled voice, he said, “Come here, Clara. Pick out the apple you want. One for your mother, as well.”
Clara edged toward him. Kneeling over the crate, she plucked up two apples and handed them over. He took them and, after dragging the crate toward the fireplace, he sat himself on the floor.
“Emily,” he began, almost to himself, “I know you said you wished only for my help and not my servitude, but I must ask that you let me prepare dinner alone tonight.”
“Are you certain?” Emily asked, worried. “I swear, I had no intention of putting you to work. I only desired your assistance. Perhaps your advice…”
“I am certain.”
Without another word, he removed his pocket knife and focused on coring the apples.
Emily stared at his back. And even though she was relieved that he’d displayed no real anger, she was now troubled by his sudden silence. Well. If that was how he wished it to be for now, she supposed she could relent. He’d come to the library against his will, and so regardless of his reticence, she should feel grateful.
“Clara,” she entreated, “come this way. I shall read you a book, if you like.”
Clara shot a longing glance at Jasper’s lone form. But then, obediently, she moved to one of the chairs in the middle of the room and sat down. After a quick assessment of the bookshelves, Emily removed a book and held it close.
“This one seems interesting,” she said, bringing it over to Clara and sitting down in a velvet-cushioned chair adjacent to hers. “It is called The Lost Isle of Jade. It is a fairytale, I believe.”
Emily let herself look toward Jasper again. His back was still facing them, wide and stiff. Exhaling an uneven breath, she began to read. Time went by swiftly, then. And in what felt like only a few minutes—but was surely much longer—the scent of hot, spiced apples began to permeate the room. She lowered the book to her lap. Peering past Jasper, she could see the tops of two stuffed apples inside a pot he’d placed on the burning grate.
“That smells wonderful, Jasper.”
He looked vaguely in her direction. Once again, she caught a glimpse of only the unscarred half of his face. And as before, she felt the same quiver of awareness dart through her. It made her stir in her seat and self-consciously pat at her hair.
He removed two bowls from the crate and stood. Her former apprehension quite forgotten, Clara leapt from her chair and rushed forward.
“Clara, don’t run at the fire,” Emily admonished, about ready to stand.
But then Jasper turned, blocking Clara from any potential danger. She skittered to a stop just before him. “You must mind your mother and be careful,” he said to her softly.
Clara blinked up at him. “Okay.”
“Are you ready to eat now?”
“I am.”
“Then take a seat there.” He looked at the leather chair behind the desk. “I will bring you an apple.”
Clara wasted no time and headed straight toward the chair. She made several overeager attempts to haul herself into it, but all to no avail; her stockinged knees kept slipping on her petticoats.
Again, Jasper stepped forward before Emily could even rise from her chair. “May I help you, Clara?”
“Yes, please.”
Placing the bowls aside, he hoisted her up. “There you go.”
Emily pulled her shawl more tightly about her shoulders as another strange feeling roused to life inside her. One she’d felt twice before. First in the turret when Clara had embraced him, and again when he’d willingly held Clara’s hand and led her through the tunnel.
Emily’s attention flickered to those hands of his now. Her heart swelled at the sight of his ravaged skin, and intrigue flowed hot through her veins. She recalled how it’d felt when he’d held her close against him as he fled through the tunnels. He had a strong touch. Powerful and commanding. But there was also a wealth of gentleness in it that appealed to her, as well…
Emily’s eyes followed him as he returned to the fire. Stooping to one knee, he used his pocket knife to transfer the apples into the two bowls before cutting the fruit open.
“It is hot,” he warned as he placed a bowl in front of Clara. He plucked two forks from the crate and gave one to her. “You must allow it time to cool.”
She giggled excitedly, inhaling the air above her meal. Then she picked up the fork, elbows propped on the desk. She looked far too impulsive for Emily’s liking. And apparently Jasper’s as well.
“Clara,” he cautioned again, “you will burn yourself if you don’t listen to me.”
Clara pouted and rested her chin in her free hand. “All right. I will wait.”
Reassured, Jasper began walking toward Emily—only to halt again as soon as he saw her. A flurry of emotion entered his gaze. Some of it spilled onto his face, hardening the lines of his mouth and brow. What in the world was he thinking to make him look at her like that? And why had he stopped approaching? Did he want her to get up and come to him?
Insecurity made her fidget with the fringe on her shawl. She cast him a feeble smile. He began walking toward her again. And while she wanted to feel put at ease, a dreadful sense of hecticness consumed her instead.
It was just…
The sight of him—he was every bit the tortured phantom she’d first believed him to be. With his hair unbound and hanging past his shoulders, his face coveting both the shadows and the light, he drowned out the room. She could see nothing but him, hear nothing but the racing beat of her own heart. When he reached her, she had to tilt her head back to look up at him.
He handed over her bowl. “Here, Emily.”
Emily released a long breath she hadn’t even realized she’d been holding. She took the bowl and fork and placed them in her lap. At last, she looked down. The apple was cut into quarters, scented steam curling up as cinnamon and sugar-roasted oats and raisins tumbled out. Her stomach reacted by twisting hungrily.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
Jasper remained before her in total silence, blocking every inch of the firelight. Her fingers stiffened around her bowl. She wanted to ask him to sit down, to remain with her awhile longer. He didn’t have to talk if he didn’t wish to. But she remembered all too well how he’d reacted the last time she’d asked him to do such a thing.
“May I eat now?” Clara called.
He did not turn around. “Be cautious, and you may.”
The sound of Clara’s fork clinking against the bowl immediately followed.
“Will you not eat, Emily?” he inquired, his voice deepening.
Emily sighed, frustrated by his looming frame—and so many other things. Gathering a bit of apple, oats, and raisins onto her fork, she took a bite. As soon as the food entered her mouth, flavor imploded her senses. She shut her eyes, unable to help it. “Oh, my word.”
“Do you like it?” he asked.
She nodded. And a shadow flickered behind her eyelids; she could feel the warmth of the fire once more. She opened her eyes to find that Jasper was no longer there. Her pulse jumped.
Oh no! Not again!
She surveyed her surroundings. Across the room, Clara was eating in solitary contentment; Jasper was not with her. He also was not by the fire. Nor was he near to the painting. Or the bookshelves…
“I have given some thought to something,” she heard him say suddenly to her left.
Emily started, nearly dropping her bowl. Looking, she found him standing beside her, just out of her line of peripheral vision. He was looking ahead at the fireplace, his arms locked behind his back.
“What is it?” she asked, shaking a little.
“It is about the turret room.” He paused. “I would like to extend the offer for you and Clara to return there.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“…Why have you had a change of heart?”
“Because of Clara.”
Her gaze honed in on her daughter, whose legs were swinging gaily from the chair as she ate. “She asked you if we could go back?”
“No. I decided she should be able to play with the rocking horse if she wishes to. There is not much to do here, and it’s unfair to keep her from it.”
Emily melted into her chair. “Clara will appreciate that.”
“It comes with a condition.”
Intrigued, she waited for him to finish.
“Leave everything else alone,” he said. “There are things in that room I have not seen—things that are not even mine. I do not know what you will find if you poke around, and I would rather it was all left as it is.” She sensed him look at her. “Can I trust you not to pry?”
“Of course you can,” she said, a little saddened that he felt the need to ask. “I will leave everything in the turret room alone unless I have your expressed permission to do otherwise. I promise.”
Silence followed her words, and she took the opportunity to finish eating her dinner. A short while later, when she was done, Jasper took the bowl and fork from her hands. She watched the exchange worriedly. But instead of leaving her, he placed the items on a little table nearby, and returned to his staunch position at her side.
Surprised, she turned her gaze to the warm coals on the grate. She sensed Jasper do the same. They stayed like that for what felt like a very long time. It both agonized and delighted her. For she wanted him there, regardless of the situation.
“Are you not cold?” he murmured after a while.
She caressed her hand up the side of her arm, feeling the luxurious silk beneath her palm. “No. I am quite comfortable. Thank you.” She gestured to where his wool coat was draped over the back of a chair. “In fact, I have been meaning to return your coat to you. I know you insisted I hold on to it, but I feel it belongs with you.”
“…I want you to hold on to it still.”
“You are kind, but really, I do not need it.”
“I disagree.”
She shook her head in mounting confusion. Why was he being so insistent? “I assure you, I am fine. I have my mantle. And the shawl I am wearing now—”
“That shawl is nothing more than a scrap of silk,” he asserted. “You will need the coat—particularly if you keep dressing yourself in such a state as that.”
Her eyes flashed up at him—and their gazes collided. The impact rocked her all the way down to her toes.
“Excuse me,” she said, hushed. “Do you take issue with how I am dressed?”
“A little.”
“Why?”
He crossed his arms and turned himself toward her. His savage beauty bore down at her unforgivingly. She shivered.
“For that reason, right there,” he said, glaring at her quaking shoulders. “You are cold.”
“I am not.”
“Then why are you trembling?”
Dash it all! “I am not cold, Jasper.”
“Yes, you are,” he argued.
“I am not. Now, thank you, again, for lending me your coat. But I do not need it anymore. Please, take it with you when you leave.”
Emily could have kicked herself. Why had she mentioned him leaving? Why? It was not what she wanted. And now that she’d said the words, he would surely do just that!
Feeling somewhat defeated, she stared at him in angst. But still, he did not go.
“Forgive me,” she dared. “I did not mean to sound so rude.”
“Do not apologize. I shouldn’t have commented on your state of dress.”
“…It is just an evening gown.”
“Yes. But it is just that you look…”
Cold. Yes, yes, I know. For heaven’s sake, I know!
“Vulnerable,” he finished. His attention dropped to her shoulders again. “Very vulnerable.”
She pushed out a long breath, releasing some of her nerves as she did so. “Well, you’re not entirely wrong, then. I suppose I do feel rather vulnerable. But it isn’t because I’m cold. It is because I…Oh, how can I explain this to you?”
“Plainly.”
She gripped a handful of her silk shawl where it tumbled into her lap, worrying it between her fingers. “Well, Jasper, I suppose I am vulnerable tonight because I am trying very hard to just feel normal, as though I am here of my own free will and not because I am forced into hiding.” She looked about the room. “And were that the case, and I was visiting you here at Valenstone, I would wear an evening gown similar to this one, prettier and brighter even because it makes me feel like myself again. And then I would sit before the fire with you and talk of normal things.” She gave him a small smile. “I feel rather foolish now, having told you all that. But there it is—my embarrassing attempt at make-believe.”
His arms dropped to his sides with measured slowness. “Don’t feel foolish.”
“Whyever not? You said yourself this wasn’t what you wanted. And here I am, doing it anyway.”
“I said I didn’t wish to play pretend with you, not that I didn’t understand wanting to.”
They stared at each other for another long, suspenseful moment.
“Jasper,” she then began hastily, “you claimed that I was adding to your misery by insisting we speak about this—”
“Emily, don’t—”
“—and for that, I am sorry to bring it up again. But I simply need you to tell me now: why will you not let us be friends?”
Something in his expression shifted, parted, making space for a window to open in his eyes. She could see a wealth of great pain and despondency there.
“We can help each other forget,” she said. “For however long we have, we can act as though our circumstances aren’t what they really are. Or we can talk about them, share our experiences. It might bring us comfort! How can any of that really be such a bad thing?”
“Easily,” he replied, leaning toward her, “because when you leave, I will be alone again.”
“But won’t that be the case regardless of whether or not you befriend me?”
“Angel, you are not even close to fathoming what I mean.”
Angel. He’d never called her that before. It sounded an awful lot like an endearment…
“Explain it to me, then,” she insisted in an unstable voice. 
He hesitated. And then a frustrated look came over him. “Fine,” he said in a heated rush. “Emily, I cannot be friends with you, not because I do not want to be your friend, but because I cannot stand the thought of losing you as one.”
Her breath hitched, and a heady, dizzying sensation accumulated inside her like a storm.
Jasper watched her, running one of his hands through his hair. “The first time I saw you, years ago, your grief touched my own,” he told her. “You were weeping at the feet of a garden angel, believing you were all alone. But you weren’t; I was there with you. We shared our sorrow together in that darkened green space, though you did not know it.”
“You were in the conservatory with me?”
He nodded. “When you left that night, I did not forget you; I even kept the plants alive as a way to ensure it. I never thought I’d see you again. I never thought I’d see anyone again ever at all! Your sudden return here made me question my own sanity, Emily; you were like a maddening hallucination at first. It was only when I let you inside that I knew it was really you.” His gaze roamed over her face. “Since then, you have moved through this house like sunlight over a forgotten grave. That is why I came out of the shadows; I wanted to feel that warmth upon me—just once. I thought it would be enough. Yet over and over again, I continue to be drawn back to you. I follow your movements all day, listening—always listening! Each time, I say it is the last. Each time, I feel the danger. So much so that if you do not stop asking me to stay at your side, I will do just that—and when you leave, I will be doomed to a world left darker for having known your light.” He shook his head at her. “Don’t you see? My greatest happiness holds hands with my greatest misery, Emily! I cannot have one without the other. So I choose neither.”
Emily’s heart burned feverishly at his words. She had no idea what to do or say after such a profound declaration. But she knew she could not sit in stunned silence, as she was sorely tempted to do. For that reason alone, she spoke from a place inside her that was so deep, she wasn’t sure she’d ever reached it before.
“Choose both.”
“What?” he rasped.
Her blood quickened. “Your greatest happiness and your greatest misery—if they hold hands as you say, then let them stay that way. Choose them both and stay here with me.”
“…You cannot mean that.”
“I do mean it.”
“You would wish further pain upon me, Emily?” he demanded. “You are that cruel?”
Emily came to her feet and stood before him. His eyes widened in alarm, his body swaying back a little.
“Jasper,” she beseeched, “do you have any idea what I have risked to be standing here, in this very moment? Everything. I have risked everything. My life and freedom. My hopes and dreams. Every day I risk capture. I risk the torment of being dragged back to a home of which I am not a mistress, but a prisoner. I risk not being allowed to see Clara ever again except in the arms of her nanny. I risk receiving wounds far worse than this.” She touched her healing cheek. “And why? For a chance at happiness—real happiness. Even if I fail, it will be worth it.” She glanced over her shoulder at Clara, who was now lounging sleepily in the chair, her face to the fire. “It will be worth it because I’ll know that I tried. And in trying, I got what I wanted: the chance to be her mother.” She refaced him. “And as for knowing you—there are risks I am taking as well.”
“What risks?” he demanded.
“Have you given any thought at all to what it will feel like for me to leave you here, Jasper? Do you think, now that I have met you, I will be able to just pack my things and abandon you with ease? I have glimpsed your heart, and it is kind and good. And to think of you alone here without a friend in the world pains me endlessly. I will always be wondering and worrying for you! So to me, it is clear, Jasper: we are already doomed to some sort of misery regarding each other. We should just forfeit ourselves to it, taking whatever pleasures are afforded to us in the meantime. I, for one, am determined to stop letting the possibility of sorrow dictate the course of my happiness; I will take joy in whatever manner, time, or place I can get it. You should do the same.”
Emily was quaking by the time she finished speaking. Her heart was laid bare before him, as his was to her. It made unexpected tears form in her eyes, blinding her. She could tell he noticed, for his whole countenance changed, rippling with tension.
She blinked, resolved not to let her tears fall. “Tell me something,” she said. “After everything I have said to you, and you to me, do you still wish to go?”
Jasper’s jaw flexed. He stood there, silent once again, almost as though his answer should be obvious to her by now; he’d already told her what he wanted.
Palming at her lashes, Emily turned away. She headed over to the chair where his coat rested. She plucked it up and brought it to him. “Take this, please. You are free to leave. And this time, I swear to you, I will bother you no more.”
He remained as he was, making no move to accept his coat or her dismissal of him.
Confounding man!
More forcefully, she shoved the coat at him, giving him no option but to take it. His hands gripped the coat against his chest, his eyes blackening further.
“I’m sorry for all of this, Jasper,” she said to him. “Truly, I am. Please forgive me. I wish you nothing but peace.” She turned away again before either of them could say anything else.



Jasper watched as Emily walked away from him. Emotion suffocated him, strangling him into silence. For some reason he could not fathom, he’d just confessed the truth behind his aggrieved attempts to stay away from her—beyond, of course, the secrets that bound him. It was ludicrous, but the compulsion to be honest with her had been out of his control.
He knew part of it had to do with the way she looked that evening. As soon as he’d seen her by the bookshelves, so much of her lovely skin exposed to the firelight, he’d been infuriatingly transfixed—and he’d known right away that his will to leave the room would be challenged.
Resentful, he’d then put all of his attention into preparing the food, determined to make a swift and unapologetic exit afterward. He’d done well for the most part; he’d worked with focused diligence, avoiding the sight of her altogether. But when the time came to hand over her dinner, he’d fallen into peril once again.
It was unbearable seeing her there, sitting all by herself—an ivory angel wrapped in ebony silk. And near her there’d come a shift in the atmosphere; the air was different where she was. It had an energy to it, one that soothed him even as it filled him with chaos.
Her passionate plea for his companionship had been the final turning point. She’d eradicated the last of his resistance, destroying it utterly. He should be upset about the inevitability of his impending forfeit now, but he wasn’t. Instead, total relief was vining over the wreckage she’d caused. Because he was tired of barricading himself from her, of fighting the force of her gravity. It was exhausting.
All he could do now was hold on to the hope that she was right about taking risks.
It was useless to believe anything else anymore.
A brush with heaven, however brief, had to be worth an eternity spent in hell.
With the swiftness of a shadow, Jasper stalked after her retreating form. He then darted in front of her, blocking her path, quite as she had done to him days ago. She halted, her deep, tear-filled eyes flying up to meet his.
“I have not yet answered you,” he told her.
“Your silence is informative enough.”
“If my silence has communicated anything to you, it is only that I am unprepared to speak.” He towered over her. “But I will anyway. So if I say this ineloquently, you must bear with me; I am not used to expressing my feelings in this manner—or at all.” He lowered his face a fraction, selfishly relishing the way her skin pinkened in reaction to him. “Emily, I asked you to stop, and you did not listen. You have pushed and pulled at my feelings until I have become entangled by them. Now it is too late. I have no more fight left in me. From this very second on, things are going to change. I am forfeiting myself to that, just as you suggested, and you must do so as well. Because I am done resisting you. I am done resisting the compulsion inside me that constantly guides me in your direction. Come what may; I don’t care anymore.”
One tear burst past her lashes and tumbled down her cheek. He studied the trace of moisture with rapt fascination.
“So, then,” she whispered, “you will stay with me?”
“Yes, Emily. I will.”
She released a breath. Then her mouth trembled with a smile. To see it made his pulse flutter. He’d done that. He’d caused the sorrow to recede and a smile to emerge. Simply because he’d agreed to stay at her side.
It was a heady feeling—and already, he wanted more of it.
“You won’t regret this decision, Jasper. You’ll see. This will be good for us both.”
“So you keep saying.”
“It’s true.”
“Regardless, it is too late to go back now, just as I said. You are about to get exactly what you asked for: my unwavering attention and presence.”
“That sounds perfect to me,” she replied.
“Is everything all right?” Clara suddenly asked in a small voice.
“Yes.”
“Yes.”
Emily and Jasper had answered in the same instant, neither of them looking away from the other as they spoke. Clara yawned from her chair. Emily severed eye contact then, glancing around him and toward her daughter. Jasper watched her expression change with her feelings, and he understood at once what she was thinking.
The evening was drawing to a close, but she wasn’t ready to go yet.
He avidly agreed in silence; he wasn’t ready to let her go either. Not at all. They were on the cusp of something new, something just beginning. Parting from her now felt wrong. Particularly as they didn’t have much time to play with anymore. Clinton would be returning soon. And Jasper, in his noble yet doomed effort to save his own heart, had already thrown away three days.
Three days!
Just thinking of all the time he’d wasted made him sick. How many moments had he lost? How much more comfortable would he be now if he’d started working at it sooner?
Now that he’d given in, he wanted nothing more than to go back in time and change everything. He wouldn’t have stayed away. He wouldn’t have even considered it.
From the beginning, I was aware of the inescapable lure of her presence; I should have given myself over to it as soon as she returned to Valenstone. What a deuced fool I’ve been! Now I’ve robbed us all of time we can never get back.
“Clara,” Emily said, “you are looking tired…”
“No.” Clara stifled another yawn. “I’m not.”
“…You aren’t ready for bed?”
“Not at all.”
Emily flicked her eyes up at him. “Excuse me.” She stepped around him, heading toward her daughter.
Uneasy, Jasper hung back. He shrugged his coat on as he watched her go, and was at once overcome with how strongly it smelled of flowers. When Emily and Clara began to converse, he did his best not to listen; it was clear they were trying to talk in private. But some words he couldn’t help but overhear.
Sleep. Book. Chair. Stay.
Stay…
He shut his eyes briefly, soothed by the word and the scent that surrounded him. When Emily stood, turning her face toward him, he waited expectantly for her to speak. Though he knew by that point some of what she would say.
“Clara is tired,” she said, “but she and I are both reluctant to end the evening. So I asked what we could do that would hold her interest for now, and she suggested that I read some more.” Her gaze turned somewhat anxious. “Would that be all right? Would you come and sit by the fire with us before we go to bed?”
Jasper’s body hummed with feeling—too much still for him to sort through. Reading. Yes. That would be a good occupation for now. He didn’t know how to conduct a conversation anymore anyway. Not after all the things they’d just said to one another. No doubt she needed the mental space to process it all, too.
“All right,” he said quietly.
She smiled again, even brighter than before. “Good. Let me just fetch the book I was reading earlier.”
She hurried passed him, and he turned in her direction, feeling a little disoriented. She plucked up the book from the seat she’d been sitting in. “Come,” she implored, passing him yet again and progressing toward the settee. “Find somewhere to sit that suits you.”
Jasper followed after her. She settled herself onto the green velvet settee, just beside the fire. It was an inviting image. And he couldn’t help but notice the extra bit of space at her side. Just enough room for him to seat himself there, if he so dared…
Jasper shook his head. He grabbed a chair and lowered himself into it. His pulse was still thrumming too fast. He wasn’t ready to sit so close to her—not yet.
He would overwhelm them both if he tried.
Taking a deep breath, he looked ahead at the fire. But as soon as Emily began reading, she recaptured his full attention. The room filled with her voice, just as it had earlier. He listened attentively, enjoying the inflections in her tone, the way her face moved with the story. He liked the way she read. It was the same as how she spoke—with feeling and sincerity.
A while later, Jasper was fully relaxed into the chair, staring at her as she told them about the Isle of Jade and all its fanciful creatures. He wasn’t sure how long she’d read before she herself began to yawn behind the back of her hand. It’d felt like a long time, and yet not long at all either; his threshold was limitless now, and he could have easily sat there until morning and listened.
But that wasn’t fair of him. Not when Clara’s head kept nodding to the side. And not when Emily sounded like she wanted nothing more than to curl onto the settee and shut her eyes.
Deciding to be selfless, he reluctantly came to a stand. His change in movement halted Emily’s reading, and her sleepy gaze flew up to him. He gestured to Clara, whose head had lolled off to the side again.
Emily sighed, shutting the book. “She has had a big day,” she told him. “We did a great deal of exploring. I am not surprised she is so tired.”
Clara sat up straight again. “I am not tired,” she declared, her eyes a little wild as she tried to regain her senses.
Jasper looked at her with pity. “Yes, you are,” he said. He glanced back at Emily. “And so are you.”
She thumbed the pages, blinking back her exhaustion.
“Clara,” he instructed, “go sit with your mother while I shut down the room. It will be very dark soon.”
Clara did as he asked, and he quickly began tidying the room, returning the crate to its place by the secret door and snuffing out the coals. Valenstone’s bleak opacity descended over them in a matter of moments. He struck a match and lit one of the candles on the desk.
“Come with me,” he said, and he began leading them toward the painting. “I will take you to the second floor so you may go to your room.”
“Jasper,” Emily whispered.
He looked back.
“Can we take the hall?” she asked.
Tenseness crowded his shoulders. “The hall?”
“Yes, please.”
“…The walls are quicker.”
“I understand that,” Emily said, stroking Clara’s hair. “But I think it would be best to move through the house as normally as possible when we can—while we’re together.”
It was a simple answer, but it fell over him with tremendous power. Because once again, he knew she was right. The hidden, creaking passages in the walls may provide a more expeditious route, but they did little to encourage normalcy. And one thing she’d made quite clear was her desire to feel normal—regardless of their abnormal circumstances.
His world was going to change, it seemed, in even more ways than he’d considered.
Jasper turned from the secret door. The known sanctity of the walls tugged at him as he headed from the room. The urge to return to them was strong; it was an inward pull he’d obeyed for too many years. But the force that surrounded Emily was stronger. And if staying with her meant forgoing his usual path through the tunnels, then so be it. He’d find a way to get used to it. Eventually.
When they reached the entry hall, he looked up to see a few sparse moonbeams easing down from the domed glass ceiling. It cast some relief into the darkness, assisting the glow of the candle. He stole a glance behind him. Emily and Clara, tossed over with silver and gold light, were not far.
Jasper faced forward again. He guided them up the main stairs and into the corridor on the second floor. Soon they were standing before the guest room he’d placed them in days ago, which was only one door down from their previous room. The rooms themselves were practically identical, save for different colored themes. Her old one was green; this one was blue.
Emily opened the door. “Say goodnight to Mr. Duvane, Clara.”
Clara peered up at him. “Goodnight, Mr. Duvane,” she yawned.
“Goodnight,” he murmured, handing the candle to Emily. “Here.”
She took it and entered the room, Clara just beside her. Then she turned in the open doorway, pausing there.
“So, we will see you tomorrow?” she entreated.
Hearing the doubt in her voice made concern rise inside him. Didn’t she believe him? “Yes,” he told her. “I promise, I am not staying away anymore. To keep away from you, at this point, is impossible.”
I am struggling to let you go even now.
She nodded. “Okay, then. Good. I look forward to it. It will be a new day and a new beginning—for all of us.”
He had no idea what to say to that, so he simply stood there, absorbing the glowing sight of her in the candlelight.
“Goodnight, Jasper.”
“…Goodnight, Emily.”
Emily closed the door, and the shadows descended on him. He retreated a few steps, his senses honing in on the sounds of her movement beyond the door. His heart was pounding, giving credence to the fact that he was not a forgotten ghost anymore; he was present and very much seen and known.
At last.
Dazed, Jasper rotated toward the hidden door behind the tapestry, the same one he’d slipped through the night he’d confronted Emily. He went through it now, feeling quite differently than he had then. Because unlike before, he knew he’d see her again. He could only hope the night passed as quickly as he’d let the recent days slip through his fingers.
Chapter 14

A New Dawn


The merry sounds of birds chirping eased Emily into wakefulness the next morning. She stretched in the large bed, shivering as cool sheets met her unstockinged feet, and rolled over. But she’d no more than resituated herself against the warm crook of her daughter’s side, when the memory of the evening before slid into her thoughts. It pushed aside the cobwebs of her dreams, fanning away all remanence of sleepiness. She sat up directly.
Jasper.
What time was it?
Her gaze probed the windows. Blades of light slashed through the narrow slits of the sapphire-colored drapery. Morning. It was morning.
Emily peeked over at Clara, who was still sleeping with her doll and blanket. Then she slipped from the bed. At the farthest window on the wall, she pushed aside the heavy velvet; brilliant light spilled into the room—and with equal swiftness, into her heart as well.
Smiling, she hurried to the washstand, upon which were the basin and water pitcher. She washed up as quick as she could, subsequently dressing herself in her usual daytime attire. Afterward, she arranged her hair in a loose bun on the crown of her head and studied herself in the mirror. In her eyes, she could still see the dreamy sense of relief that Jasper’s forfeit had brought her.
Emily blew out a long breath. Hearing his true reasoning behind wanting to stay away from her had been wonderfully validating. For it’d confirmed she was not actually alone in feeling the connection between them. He felt it too. He’d felt it as soon as he’d seen her in the conservatory, all those years ago.
As for herself, she’d felt it on the stairs when he’d first dared to come up and meet her. And when he’d rescued her, pulling her into his strange and lonesome world beyond the walls, she’d known how badly they needed each other. They were both friendless outcasts, neither of them knowing just where they fit into the world. It was as plain as day that they should turn toward each other instead of away.
She was glad Jasper finally understood that. It’d taken a good deal of pleading, of course; but at least it’d worked. Now they were in the dawn of a new day. And it was a bright one, indeed.
Emily rushed over to Clara. “Good morning,” she coaxed, stroking her daughter’s cheek.
Clara’s lashes fluttered noncommittally. “Hmmm?”
“It’s time to get up…”
“Now?”
“Right now.”
Emily pulled her upright. Clara, seeming only half-aware of the world around her, obeyed the urgency of the moment; she got out of bed and plodded over to the washstand—where Emily then began washing her up with undisguised alacrity.
“Goodness, Mama,” Clara mumbled. “Are we in a hurry?”
“I would certainly say so. Mr. Duvane has agreed to spend the day with us.”
Interest sparked in Clara’s eyes, bringing her to a more wakeful state. She looked up at Emily. “When will he come? At dinner?”
“I am not certain of the time. But there is a good chance he will join us well before this evening.”
“Oh my! Yes, I’d say that is a very good reason to hurry!” Clara was beaming now. “Is that what you two were talking about last night? You were whispering for hours and hours.”
Warmth crept up Emily’s neck. “It was hardly that long.”
“It felt that long.”
“Well, you waited very patiently. Thank you for that. Mr. Duvane and I needed to discuss some things without interruption. And yes, primarily, our conversation was about him coming out more often.”
“What of writing and arithmetic?” Clara asked. “May we skip it all again today?”
Grinning, Emily nodded. “Yes. In fact, I think we should skip it until further notice. What do you say?”
“I’d say that is a magnificent idea!” Clara said, leaping about as Emily tried to fasten the buttons of her dress.
Emily laughed. “Hold still, you little goose!” When she finished the last three buttons, she kissed Clara’s cheek. “There. You’re all done.”
Clara dashed off to fetch her doll, pausing to fold away the blue blanket as usual. Then, reuniting with Emily, they scurried out of the room.
Upon the landing, Emily assessed the tumbling stairs, the entry hall, and even the vestibule. There was no sign of Jasper yet. But he had to know they were awake now; they were making no effort to be quiet.
“Well,” she said, taking ahold of the banister with one hand and Clara with the other, “perhaps we should go on and head to the—”
“There he is!” Clara cried.
Emily’s attention flew downstairs again, and she immediately discovered that Clara was right. Like a true ghost, Jasper was suddenly just there, materialized in the center of the entry hall. That she hadn’t heard any sounds in the walls meant one thing:
He had already been waiting; somewhere she couldn’t see, he’d been lingering, anticipating her arrival.
The concept made butterflies swirl inside her.
It’d always felt to her like she was the one waiting for him to arrive. Now it was the other way around. The shift in the dynamic between them jarred her, thrilled her. So much more than she’d anticipated. Because it was one thing to hear him say he would not stay away from her, and it was another thing to experience it for herself. He was seeking her out, just as he promised he would. And he had no intention of leaving her again.
Dazed, Emily looked him over. He appeared sharp and fresh in the morning light. Very much as though he himself had also just finished scrubbing up. And shaving, too—a task she presumed that, while arduous because of his scars, was one he did often enough; his face never sported a bit of stubble.
He was in his usual humble attire, which consisted of black boots and trousers, a white linen shirt and his favorite woolen coat. But his hair was different in that it was combed back, secured at the nape of his neck. Without it hanging over his shoulders like a brown, sweeping curtain, she was given an unobstructed view of his face.
It felt symbolic to the moment they were in. Like he was accepting himself and his new role in her presence. He wanted her to see him, all of him. He wanted to feel normal too.
That stirring sensation she’d begun to feel so often now, awakened again—a bit more tempestuously than before. She found herself gripping the banister in earnest as she descended the stairs, headed in his direction. He held her with his eyes the entire time, never once letting her go. And he waited, sure and steady, as she walked up to meet him.
His expression was intense, but open. Unguarded. “Good morning, Emily.”
“Hi,” she whispered.
A flurry of feelings accumulated inside her until she felt quite ready to burst at the seams. It was difficult to know how to center herself amidst them. And goodness, she needed to try. For she and Jasper were no longer wrapped up in an emotional conversation that would warrant her emotional reaction to him. They were now in an utterly ordinary moment, on an equally ordinary day—just as she’d asked for them to be.
God, what do I say to him? How do I show him I am happy he is here without—
“My turn to say hello now!” Clara said, interrupting Emily’s thoughts.
Emily watched, wide-eyed, as Clara rushed over to hug him, pressing her cheek against his shirtfront.
That, Emily thought to herself. Right there. How do I show him how happy I am without throwing myself at him like that? Because with as much as I am feeling right now, that is what I want to do. I want to embrace him just like she does—like I would embrace any friend. Her gaze lifted to his again; he was still watching her, his hand on Clara’s back. Something tells me, though, that such a display of gratitude and affection would be very different coming from me than from her…
Swallowing, Emily locked her empty hands in front of her and smiled at him. She tried to let her happiness shine through—without all the fluttered nervousness. She didn’t want him to see it. She’d been the one to plead for his company; she’d brought him here, convinced him it was best for both of them! He would be looking to her on how to conduct himself that day—if not every minute they spent together. She wanted to demonstrate friendliness and ease, not bewilderment and timidity!
“You are not hiding anymore,” Clara sighed against him. “That is good.”
“…I am relieved you think so.”
Emily struggled to find her voice. “We are both happy you’re here, Jasper,” she finally said over her heart. “The morning suits you.”
Her compliment made him flush a little. “And you.”
Clara took ahold of his hand, then, and began leading him away, down through the east hall. He went with her, shooting one last look over his shoulder at Emily. “Come on,” Clara said. “We were just on our way to have a bit of breakfast in the morning room.”
“I know.”
Emily followed after them, blinking at his answer. Though, she supposed she should have expected it; he’d been listening to them for days now. He must’ve familiarized himself with their entire daily routine!
When they reached the morning room, Emily moved into it with the air of a hostess. She needed to restore her own inner peace—and taking care of Jasper, like he’d taken care of her, was a good way to do that.
“Take a seat, please,” she instructed, and she advanced toward the crate beside the hutch, ready to assemble something on the tray for breakfast. “I will gather up a bit of food.”
“Emily.”
Jasper’s tender use of her name felt like an entreaty, and it made her halt at once. Her gaze followed the direction of his voice. He was standing near the circular breakfast table. And on its surface, there were three bowls, three teacups, and a porcelain teapot.
He’d made breakfast for them already.
“A hot meal!” Clara cheered, racing forward.
Emily’s lips parted, and she approached the table. She stared down at the steaming bowls. Each one was filled with oatmeal, sliced walnuts, and from the smell of it, maple syrup too. She assessed the teapot, her mouth beginning to water.
“Is that tea in there?” she asked.
“Yes.” He pulled a chair out for her.
Her gaze flew to his. “I was supposed to be taking care of you,” she told him in a small voice.
His jaw tensed. “You already have in more ways than you know. Please sit, Emily.”
Emily obeyed him, weak. And with the sun pressing warmly against her back, Clara settling to her right, she eyed the delicious display of food before her. When the chair to her left scraped against the floor, she looked over to watch Jasper seat himself at her side. Her heart suddenly felt too large for her chest. For it was the most tremendous thing—all of them gathered in such a way at the breakfast table. It felt congenial, serene, and beautifully…normal.
So much for him needing my conduct to guide his! It is I who requires his help!
“This is lovely, Jasper,” she said. “How did you manage it all?”
His brows came together in confusion.
“I mean the hot food, the tea—how did you manage it? I thought we couldn’t have a fire unless it was nighttime.”
“I prepared it just before the sun came up.” He picked up the teapot and poured her a cup. He then motioned for Clara to pass him hers, and he filled it as well. “I kept the coals simmering until I knew you were awake.”
His thoughtfulness left her speechless.
“Eat, Emily.” He darted a glance at Clara. “You too.”
They all ate in silence then, and it occurred to Emily that it was the first time she’d seen Jasper eat anything at all. Something about it felt intimate and personal, and she tried not to stare at him with quite so much fascination. But it was hopeless; her gaze kept shifting from her steaming food, to her teacup, then back to Jasper again. Clara, it seemed, felt the same, for she too remained wholly preoccupied with watching him as she ate.
After a while, insecurity entered his expression, and he lowered his spoon to his bowl. “Are you two finished?”
“F-finished?” Emily stammered.
“With the oatmeal,” he clarified, though she suspected he was referencing their gawking and not their breakfast.
“I am finished eating, yes.” Feeling guilty now, she looked at her daughter. “Clara, what of you?”
“Yes, I am done,” Clara replied as she scraped the bottom of her bowl with her spoon, collecting the very last creamy oat. “Thank you for breakfast, Mr. Duvane. It was…” She stopped to think, clearly wanting to impress him. Then her face lit up. “Splendorly wonderful!”
Emily bit her lip. Oh, Clara. It really was just a harmless mispronunciation. Charming, even. But knowing how important vocabulary was to her daughter, Emily decided to give a gentle correction, anyway. “Darling,” she whispered, “I think you meant to say splendidly.”
Clara faced her. “No—splendor is a word,” she whispered back. “Splendorly should be too, right?”
Emily shook her head. “You are thinking of splendid and splendidly.”
“Splendidly,” Clara repeated. “Splen-did-ly.”
Emily smiled. “That’s it.”
Clara lifted her chin and returned her attention to Jasper, ready to try again. “Mr. Duvane,” she began, sounding very proper, indeed, “breakfast this morning was splendidly wonderful, and I thank you.”
Emily swallowed a laugh. Then she too looked at Jasper, who was now regarding her with vivid and undisguised interest.
“I must agree with Clara,” she told him warmly, getting up to collect the dishes. “It was splendidly wonderful, and I thank you as well.”
He looked up at her. Then he stood, taking the dishes from her hands. He began stacking them onto the tray himself.
“So,” Clara said, hopping from her chair, “what do you wish to do today, Mr. Duvane? Usually, we go to the library. Sometimes we go to the ballroom or the drawing room.”
He nodded as though he already knew—which, undoubtedly, he did. “Would you like to return to the turret and play with the horse again?” he asked.
“Really?” she cried, brightening. “But you said we couldn’t go there anymore.”
“I have changed my mind.”
“Oh, golly!” She started running toward the door.
“Not so fast, Clara,” Emily called.
Jasper swept the tray up with one hand. “Let her go. I am right behind her.”
Clara granted him a radiant smile over her shoulder and kept hurrying toward the door. Jasper followed her, leaving the tray on the hutch as he passed it.
“Aren’t you coming, Emily?” he asked, tossing her a lingering glance that had so much heat in it, she felt it reach down to her very bones, melting them.
Emily pressed her hand to her chest as soon as he disappeared, needing a second to recover. Then, shaking herself mentally, she hastened after him.



Emily waited on the far side of the room as Jasper, on bended knee, spoke to Clara at eye level. They’d been in the turret room for the past half an hour now. And while Emily had not spoken to Jasper at all in that time, Clara most certainly had.
She’d taken full advantage of having him there, not letting him slip away from her for even a moment. She’d also covered every topic she could think of. First, she’d wanted to know more about the rocking horse, then it was the tunnels, the fancy balls he used to host, his artwork, and finally, his scars…
It’d rattled Emily a little, for she knew the questions were rapid-fire ones that might have the propensity to overwhelm him. But as she should have expected by now, he’d handled the inquiries with patience and careful discretion. It’d been a mesmerizing exchange, making it easy for Emily to hang back in willing silence, with nothing to do but watch and listen.
When at last their conversation drew to a close, Jasper came to his feet. He shoved his hands into his coat pockets and turned, his gaze seeking her out. Upon spotting her, he hesitated only for a second. And then he was approaching, the morning sun shining over him from behind.
“You are considerate to entertain her questions,” she remarked when he reached her side.
“I knew they were coming.”
“Yes. I suppose I did too. Still, she has a rather forthright way of speaking, doesn’t she?”
“I prefer it,” he stated. “It helps me to know what she is thinking so I can make her happy.”
“Oh, trust me; she is happy. I have not seen her smile this much in days.” She looked around. “You, however—I cannot imagine being in this room is easy for you, even if you are ignorant to most of what is in it.”
“It is not so bad,” he said, surveying the dust-riddled room. “Truthfully, I think most of my discomfort derives from my ignorance. Odds are, there is nothing even in here that has any real value to me.”
She gestured to the many collections of his artwork. “Even those?”
“I am not attached to everything I have ever made.”
Emily glanced away, looking at the rocking horse where Clara was playing. Jasper had said the toy hadn’t belonged to him. But what of the other items in the room, like the trunk of children’s belongings? Would it please or upset Jasper to know that there were things there that he may actually be attached to? She decided it was worth the risk to tell him; he deserved to know what was in his own home.
“Jasper,” she began, turning her face up to his. A jolt shot through her when she saw that he’d edged a little closer to her. She cleared her throat. “Jasper,” she tried again, “I am not certain if you wish to know this, but I can’t, in good conscience, not tell you. I came across some things in here that I think you may find interesting.”
A wave of panic rolled across his expression, causing him to go pale.
Intimidated, she said, “Do not worry. I found nothing that, to my knowledge, would threaten your secrecy. Just an old collection of dresses, toys, and drawings.” She watched in relief as the tension eased from his face. “The drawings were clearly done by a young hand, but they also had your initials on them, just as your paintings do. So I know they’re yours.” She pointed to a trunk. “That one there is the one with the dresses.” She fixed her finger in the direction of the second trunk. “And that one contains everything else. There is a third trunk up here, of course, but… well, you stopped me from rummaging any further.”
“The drawings,” he questioned. “What were they of?”
“A window, each time with a different scenery beyond it. One drawing also had a boy there as well; he was playing with a ball beneath an open sash.”
His gaze flashed.
“Do you recall drawing any of those?”
“Yes.”
“Was the boy you?”
“…No. I have never drawn or painted myself.”
Interesting! So the boy I’ve seen displayed all over the house isn’t him at all!
“Was he Victor and Caroline Hughes’ son, then?” she asked. “Xavier?”
He looked away from her, and she knew then that he didn’t want to talk about it. Eager to regain his attention, she herself moved a little closer. As she’d hoped, his face turned toward her at once.
Unable to help it, she began studying the right half of his face. The woven scars that traced his skin, pulling it tight, made her want to reach out, to soothe it somehow. “It is a shame you have never done a self-portrait, Jasper,” she said softly.
“Why on earth would I want to do that?”
“Because you’re worth seeing…and remembering.”
His body turned a fraction, toward her again—almost as though her words had made a physical impression upon him. “Only to you and Clara.”
“Especially to us,” she amended. Then, feeling quite lost in her inner whirlwind again, she added, “I actually owned a painting of yours, you know. It was the one auctioned off at the charity ball.”
“I remember. I was there when you learned it was yours.”
Suddenly, she felt like she was the one being examined. Like he was remembering her from six years ago, and he was comparing her present state to the memory—every line, curve, and color.
A drab comparison, indeed, she mused, wishing again that she was dressed in something other than widow’s weeds. Still, she shoved down the thought. If he could manage to overlook his insecurities for her, she could most certainly do the same for him.
“I hung that painting in my bedroom as soon as I got home,” she confessed. “You crafted a blend of clouds and sunlight that soothed me whenever I was upset—which was often.”
“What happened to it?”
“What do you mean?”
“Clinton—didn’t he sell it?”
“No. What makes you ask that?”
“That night in the conservatory, he’d told you it would be worth more if I was either gone or dead. I assumed he would have sold it by now.”
She tensed. Clinton. She’d forgotten just how far back his threats went. How she loathed that awful man! “No, he never did sell it. But now that I am not there to protect it, who knows? He certainly threatened to get rid of it often enough. And lucky is the person who does get to own it—whoever they are. I will miss it all of my life. However, I must say, being here at Valenstone, with you, surrounded by so many of your other paintings—it has been a wonderful consolation.” Noticing Clara beginning to climb down from the horse, she motioned for her to come closer. “Actually, Jasper, I would love it if you shared with me some more of your work.” She wavered. “You’re painting something new in your apartment, aren’t you?”
“…It is not finished.”
“Will you look over some of your other ones with me, then? It would be such an honor.”
He looked somewhat shocked by the suggestion. And perhaps a little uncomfortable too.
“Please?” she insisted. “I am trying to think of things for us to do, ways for us to be together that will enrich us both before we separate. We only have so much time, Jasper. Days, maybe less. And I want to know you as best as I can before I have to leave you.”
“Don’t talk like that again, please,” he murmured.
She stared at him, her breath lifting and catching in her throat.
“I am having trouble forgiving myself for staying away from you, Emily,” he explained, darting a glance down at Clara as she came over to stand at their side. “When you mention how little time we have left together, it reminds me what a fool I’ve been—and then I cannot think straight for feeling overwhelmed with regret.”
“Jasper…”
“No, listen to me. I have more to say.” He let every shadow enter his gaze then. “Emily, I am very sorry I wasted these last few days. They were not mine alone to throw away, and yet I treated them as though they were; I stole them from everyone. The fact that I did that has been added to my list of private torments; it’s something I will agonize over for the rest of my life.” He rested his hand on Clara’s shoulder—tentative, but affectionate. “I have known all along how much I would rather be wherever it is that the both of you are. I was trying to do the right thing in keeping my distance; but I should have realized my efforts were going to be in vain. It’s something I have to live with now, and I hate that I’ve forced you to reconcile with it as well.”
Emily shook her head at him. “Don’t apologize! You were only doing what you thought was best. You have reasonings that complicate your situation more than we know. Please, don’t agonize over it.”
Clara looked up at him. “She’s right, Mr. Duvane. You are here with us now anyway, and that’s what matters.”
“I’ll try to remember that,” he said. “Regardless, will you please tell me that you forgive me? I need to hear it.”
“Gracious, Jasper,” Emily whispered. “Of course I forgive you.”
“I forgive you too, Mr. Duvane. We are friends now, and friends forgive each other!”
He nodded, but a slight grimace pulled at his features.
Emily hesitated, feeling a little desperate now to lighten the grave energy that’d begun to surround them; they all needed the reprieve. Especially the man who stood just beside her, his hand on her daughter’s shoulder as though she were his lifeline to the room itself.
“Jasper.” She waited until he was looking at her again. Nervous pain swirled in his gaze. “Don’t be upset. Stay in the moment with me—and let’s go do something else. I would still like to look at your paintings with you, unless you have any other ideas.”
Clara bounced up and down, her doll held high in the air. “Paintings?! Oh, paintings, Mr. Duvane! Mama and I look at them all the time without you; it would mean more now if you are there too.”
He nodded down at her. “All right. For you, Clara, I will.”
“What of Mama? Won’t you do it for her, too?”
“Of course,” he said, his tone deep and meaningful. “There is very little I wouldn’t do for her at this point.” To Emily he said, “And as for finding other things to do—give me some time to think about it. I am sure I can come up with a few ideas. Perhaps by tomorrow.”
Tomorrow.
Emily smiled at him. She liked that they were already talking about tomorrow. She liked pretending there were even more days to come after that; it was a fantasy she was more than happy to be a part of.
Clara proceeded toward the staircase. “All right! Well, now that we’ve settled that—let’s get going.”
Emily followed after her. And when she felt Jasper move up behind her, keeping close to her on the steep and narrow stairs, she slowed down; and privately, she absorbed the intimate nearness of his presence, savoring the way his body heat encroached upon her own.
Chapter 15

To Keep You


Later that afternoon, Emily stood with her head tilted back, her attention adhered to a beautiful oil painting in the east hall. Hours had passed since she, Jasper, and Clara had descended from the turret. In that time, they’d wandered the corridors upstairs, admiring countless pieces of artwork in one guest room after the other. When they’d reached the first floor, it was to take pause and spoil themselves on sweetmeats and the last of the cold tea in the morning room. And then they’d returned themselves to their guided tour of the mansion.
To Emily’s great relief, Jasper had been very forthcoming and obliging with her and Clara for the entirety of the experience. He’d met most of their questions with modest honesty, side-stepping only those he wished not to address. And repeatedly, he’d looked surprised by the depth of their interest. Almost as though no one had ever praised him in such a manner at all. It was really very endearing; his humble nature charmed and seduced quite as evocatively as his work did.
Sighing, Emily let her gaze rove over the painting in front of her now. She’d seen it several times already. It was a nighttime depiction of the moorland. A remarkable one, at that. With tremendous skill, Jasper had captured the moonlit dales and hills which she’d become familiar with on her flight from Whitmore Park. She could almost hear the whisper of the wind, smell the earthy heath and heather. Even her chest filled again with the remembrance of all the hope, fear, and determination she’d felt that night—and in many ways, still felt.
“I love this one,” she said, wrapping her arms about herself.
Jasper shifted over to her side and viewed the painting with her.
“It is Dunhaven Moor,” she commented. “Isn’t it?”
“It is.”
“Were you inspired by the view from the tower? It certainly appears so.”
“Not the view from the tower, no.”
“Really? From where else in the mansion could you have gained such a soaring perspective?”
“I could show you sometime, if you’d like,” he suggested.
She darted a glance at him. “I think I will hold you to that.”
Clara sidled her way in front of Emily, craning her neck back. “Is this one your favorite?”
“One of them,” Emily said. “I still think the one at Whitmore was my most favorite.”
“You had a painting by Mr. Duvane at Whitmore?”
“Yes, I certainly did. It was in my bedroom.”
Clara thought about that. “I don’t really remember your bedroom. I didn’t go in there very often.”
“No,” Emily acknowledged. “You didn’t.”
“I wish I’d had the chance to see the painting before we left.”
Jasper eased away a little bit. “You both are in some luck then, I suppose. I do have another one similar to it over here.”
He led them farther down the east hall, to a miniature portrait of the sky that was fixed between a collage of other impressive paintings.
Once there, Emily stood up on her tiptoes to see it better. “How have I not noticed this before?”
“Let me see!” Clara bounded forward and stretched high.
Emily picked her up and settled her onto her right hip. “There,” she said, pointing. “Look at that. Isn’t it lovely?”
“Wow! It looks like heaven.” Clara peered over at Jasper. “Is that what inspired you, Mr. Duvane?”
“Heaven?” he mumbled. “I am afraid not. I know too little about it in order to paint it.”
“You could use your imagination!” she pointed out.
“I do not have a very good imagination.”
“Your extraordinary work suggests otherwise,” Emily mentioned.
“What I mean is I paint only what I see.” His eyes bore into hers. “Or what I remember.”
She stared right back at him. “Is that so? I’d like to see one of your memories—a specific one that means something to you. Will you show me?”
He looked around. When his gaze fastened onto the wall behind them, closer to the dining hall, Emily turned to look. It was a portrait of a woman. She was pretty, her light blonde hair swept up as she sat in a chair, mending what appeared to be a tiny white nightdress.
“Who is she?” Clara wondered aloud.
Jasper grew quiet, making Emily wonder if he would answer. “Her name was Caroline Hughes,” he finally divulged.
His foster mother.
Emily studied the woman’s tender expression, her little crook of a smile and adoring eyes. “I can feel her heart. She is remarkably expressive.”
“She was in life, too.”
Stealing another glance at him, Emily saw the heavy emotion in his face and decided not to press further. She and Clara moved down the hall and stopped in front of another painting. This one was of several children. They were in the middle of a country lane, romping with ribbons and bouquets of wildflowers.
Clara looped her arm about Emily’s shoulders. “I like this one. I look at it every day.”
Jasper slid closer again and reviewed the painting with them. “When I was young, the village children often played together outside. I never went, but I used to enjoy watching them from my window.”
Clara sighed. “I know the feeling.”
Emily went rigid. “I thought you played with the Wellington children.”
“No,” Clara said flatly.
“But you told me you went outside on the moors with them on many occasions.”
“I wasn’t playing with them.”
“What were you doing, then?”
Clara shrugged. “Nothing, really. Papa made me go. He brought me to their house as an excuse, I think. He said it was so I could play with them. But I know it was because he wanted to be with Mrs. Wellington whenever Mr. Wellington wasn’t home.”
Emily’s mouth became pinched. Clinton, you repulsive cad!
“They hated me,” Clara muttered. “And I hated them, too.”
Clara wriggled to get down, and Emily let her go, aching inside. Just like Jasper, Clara had hidden pains that Emily knew nothing about. And in contrast, Emily had some that neither Clara or Jasper were aware of. None of them was without unspoken sorrow, unseen tears. There were dark days in each of their pasts that hurt to remember.
How encouraging it was that they all had each other now.
How encouraging and necessary.
“Don’t give another thought to the Wellington children,” she said to Clara firmly.
“I won’t. I will not see them again anyway.” She looked at Jasper. “We are running away to Westbeck, Mr. Duvane,” she explained. “I am not sure if Mama told you.”
“…She told me,” he replied.
As Clara moved along down the hall, Emily glanced at Jasper. He was already watching her, his expression inscrutable and carefully guarded. She wondered what he was thinking. Did he wish to avoid all mentioning of the future? Or only how closely it hovered to the present moment?
“Is that still where you plan to go?” he questioned at last, syncing his steps with hers as she trailed after Clara. “Westbeck?”
Relief seeped through her; their loss of time, it seemed, was his only contention. “Yes,” she answered.
“You realize the position you wanted will most likely be filled.”
“I do. But it still helps to have a destination. I have enough money to live on for a while. When I find a better ad, Clara and I will move on.” She paused. “In the meantime, I am perfectly content to be here.”
“Even though you are trapped?”
“I do not feel trapped—especially now that you are at my side. Your friendship makes me feel free, Jasper. It’s the best thing to happen to me since Clara was born.”
The corners of his jaw clenched.
She looked away, her gaze sweeping over the paintings to her left. “Tell me about this one,” she said, changing the subject. “It is another one of my favorites.”
They both stopped before an interpretation of evergreen flora. Like the moonlit moors, it spoke to her. Something about the darkened greenery made her feel…safe.
“It’s the conservatory,” he said suddenly. “I started painting it the night you left.”
The conservatory! That was why she was called to it! Because she could still feel herself there, steeped in green shadows and moonlight.
Good gracious…
Jasper came forward a single step. With one scarred hand, he gestured to the right bottom corner of the painting. “This is where I was,” he murmured. His fingers slid up higher, deeper into the leaves. “You were kneeling just past there, before the angel. If you look closely, you will see yourself there still.”
What?
Astounded, Emily crept closer to the painting. And sure enough, she saw it—a miniature depiction of herself. She was swathed in emerald silk, partially hidden by leaves and cascading moonbeams as she knelt in prayer.
“I…I never noticed that detail before,” she breathed. “And I’ve gone by this painting numerous times.” She turned her face to his. He was very close. “Why did you do that?”
“You’d wanted to hide. It was my way of keeping you hidden.” He blinked. “So only I could find you.”
Emily stared at him, reeling a bit. Dear God. To think, all these years, he’d had a painting of her hanging in his house! He’d actually taken the time to think of her, to put her image on canvas.
To keep her, as he’d said, where only he could find her…
“Are there more like this one?” she asked softly. “More of me?”
His nod was so vague, she almost wondered if she’d imagined it. But she knew she hadn’t.
“May I see?” she mumbled.
“…I will consider it.”
Just then, Clara turned and said, “Mr. Duvane, I changed my mind! I think this one is my favorite!”
He was the first to look away. And when he left her, relocating to where Clara was, Emily felt like she was going to faint.
“This one,” Clara exclaimed. “Mama, come here and look too. It’s the one with all of the dancing, twirling people.”
Still in a stupor, Emily drifted in Clara’s direction. Together they looked at the painting. It was, like all the others, quite masterfully done. Women were adorned in colorful gowns and candlelight, and they were whirling in the arms of their equally elegant partners.
“Oh,” Clara said with a sigh, “how I wish I could go to a ball like that! Did you dance a lot at this one, Mr. Duvane—the one you painted?” She belled out her black skirt with one hand and began to sway side to side.
“Not at all.”
“Why?”
“…Dancing is not a strong suit of mine.”
She shrugged and, mimicking the dancers in the painting, did a little twirl. “It is one of mine.”
“I can see that.”
“I would have danced.”
“I don’t doubt it.”
“I would have even danced with you!”
“You wouldn’t have found me.”
“Why not?”
“I attended, but I wasn’t noticed.”
“Strange.” She threw him a bewildered glance and gave another twirl. “I still think I would have seen you. And I would have danced with you anyway, even if you aren’t any good. Mama would have too.”
Emily tensed, her face growing hot.
Clara looked at her. “Aren’t I right?”
Emily felt the heat in her cheeks spread, pulsating through her. “Ladies don’t usually ask men to dance…”
“That’s silly. Why not?” Suddenly, Clara’s eyes lit up, and she faced Jasper. “We should dance now! Mr. Duvane, will you dance with me?”
Emily’s gaze darted to Jasper. His face was stony and unreadable. Was he in shock?
“Clara,” he mumbled, “I do not think I would be a very good partner—”
“I’m sure you would be.”
He seemed to be holding his breath, and Emily felt a little badly for him. Regardless of how much he preferred Clara’s forthright manners, this situation was clearly making him uncomfortable.
“I’m sorry, Clara,” he said, regret in his tone. “I don’t think I can.”
“Why?”
“Because I do not know how to dance.”
Emily’s heart constricted.
“No one ever taught you?” Clara demanded.
“No. I watched sometimes, but I haven’t ever actually done it.”
“You mean you haven’t danced at any ball—ever? Not even your own?”
He shook his head.
Clara stared at him, but she was undeterred. “Well, then, now is the perfect time to try. I could teach you! Will you let me?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Are you afraid I will laugh at you? Because I wouldn’t do that.” She held up her ragdoll, and its yarn-covered head lolled lifelessly to the side. “I swear on Bessie Doll, I would never laugh at you.”
“I know you wouldn’t, Clara,” he said.
“And you still won’t dance with me?”
Jasper’s brows came down a bit, and Emily decided to end his struggle at last. She stepped forward, prepared to help him ward off Clara’s pleading. But Clara turned to her, speaking first.
“Will you dance with me, Mama?”
Emily’s lashes fluttered. “Me?”
“Yes. We dance in the ballroom all the time now. Let’s practice some more. We can show Mr. Duvane! Maybe he will feel brave enough to dance, too…”
Emily wanted to say no, just as Jasper had done. She didn’t want to twirl girlishly in a dusty room while he sat back, his intense gaze following her. But she couldn’t tell Clara that. So what excuse could she give her? She had none!
“…All right,” she said.
“Splendid!” Clara crowed, and she took off down the hall.
When they entered the ballroom, Clara set her doll aside and then pranced to the middle of the room. Emily moved toward the wall of windows. She pulled at one set of draperies, gliding them back until the sun filtered in. It was usually more than enough light for them, so she turned to look at Clara. But Clara was already shaking her head.
“More light, if you please,” she said. “Mr. Duvane is with us today. I want everything to be bright for him.”
Emily continued down to the next window, and then the next and the next, shucking aside the heavy fabric until four of the eight windows were open to the day. She stole a glance at Jasper when she was finished. He was standing by the mirrors, his arms crossed as he looked about with what appeared to be wary interest. It must have been a long time since he’d been in that room. She could only imagine how profoundly he sensed the people who’d once filled it. Rather like a residual haunting, all of their music, dancing, and chatter…
“Mama, look at me,” Clara announced, poised and ready.
A small smile stole over Emily’s mouth. She joined her in the center of the ballroom. She plucked at her daughter’s sleeve, adjusting it. “Which dance, today?”
“The waltz.”
“The waltz? Daring girl. Very well. Remember, I will lead.”
“And sing.”
Dread caused Emily to go pale. But she refused to give way to it and decided to compromise. “I shall hum. You may sing, if you like.”
Clara thrust her nose daintily into the air. “All right. Hum, if you please. I will sing.” Then, with added dramaticism, she asked, “Shall we dance, madam?”
“Of course, my little lady.”
Together, Emily and Clara dipped into deep curtsies in front of each other. A gathering of dust motes swirled up around them as their skirts belled and settled over the marbled floor. They righted themselves and clasped hands in the appropriate position. Then they both joined in song, humming and singing the tune to Forever Yours.
Glimpses of Jasper spun by, his presence looming like a distinctive shadow beside the mirrored wall. Even still, Emily managed to keep her attention on Clara, who held a charm and command of her very own.
When the song came to an end, they were both breathless and smiling. They faced Jasper and dipped into a final curtsy, looking at him expectantly. He stood motionless, and it seemed as though he was lost in his thoughts—or perhaps confused at what he should do next.
“This is when you give us your applause, Mr. Duvane!” Clara informed him, panting.
He unfolded his arms and, giving Emily a bemused glance, began to clap. Emily smiled at him, then she turned to Clara and clapped as well. Her daughter beamed under the collective praise, sinking into several more curtsies.
“You are much improved, Clara,” Emily told her, the applause finishing.
“That is because I have you to teach me. How lucky I am that you are my mother!”
Clara closed the distance between them, her arms going about Emily’s skirts. Emily was quick to respond. And with delight racing through her, she hauled the girl up for a long embrace.
“I am the lucky one,” she told her.
Her gaze shifted, then, finding Jasper over Clara’s riotous curls. He was studying them in a way she’d seen him do a few times before: intently, and with an artist’s eye. It only added to her state of breathlessness.
Just then, she heard Clara’s stomach give a mighty rumble. Clara looked at her, sheepish. “Excuse me. I believe I’m getting hungry again.”
“Understandably, with all that dancing.” After placing a soft kiss upon her cheek, Emily let Clara slide down to the floor. A quick survey of the windows suggested it was approaching early evening already; it was perhaps a half hour before sunset. She glanced at Jasper again. “Clara and I should head upstairs and prepare for dinner.”
He nodded.
“May we eat in the dining hall tonight?” Clara asked. “Please! It’s so grand!”
Emily’s mind swam with images of the massive mahogany table and soaring ceiling that rivaled the very ballroom they were in. That room was meant for the entertainment of guests who dined on a five-course-fare while sipping from shining crystalware. It was not meant for an intimate party of three who roasted their meal over the fire. And though that did not matter to her one whit—it actually sounded rather fine—something told her it might be a bit intimidating for Jasper. It was only his second evening with them beyond the walls, and he was already adapting to so much.
“Let us eat in the library again,” she proposed instead.
“But, Mama,” Clara began.
“Don’t argue, Clara. I like the library. It is peaceful and warm there. Very comfortable.” She glanced at Jasper. “What do you think?” she asked him.
“I will eat wherever you decide is best.”
“The library it is, then.” To Clara, she said, “Collect Bessie Doll.”
Clara pouted.
“Come now. You’ve no right to sulk. You have had such a fine day—free of writing and arithmetic, need I remind you. Should you like me to start re-instating that to our day?”
“No.”
“All right, then. Chin up. Bessie Doll is waiting for you. I’m sure she wishes to congratulate you on your beautiful performance.”
At last, Clara sauntered off to fetch her doll.
Emily returned her attention to Jasper. “Is sunset still a good time for you?”
He nodded again, silent. She took the moment to analyze him. She couldn’t tell what he was thinking, what he was feeling. Ever since they’d entered the ballroom, he’d become a little different. Much more introspective than before.
“Are…” she began, but then floundered—as she usually did when she became nervous before him. She gathered her thoughts and tried again. “Are you well, Jasper?”
“Am I well?”
“Yes. You have gone quiet.” Her cheeks warmed. “I just want to make sure we are not overwhelming you. I know today has been one of great change for you, as simple as those changes may seem.”
He lifted his brows. “A vast understatement.”
“…So are you well?”
Jasper began moving toward her then, stopping only when she was within reaching distance. The room faded beyond the proximity of his body, his warm, earthy scent and impactful stare. She willfully tried to collect her senses again. But it was useless; she was not in control of anything when he stood so close. She felt taken hostage by him, by the secret pulses of awareness he created within her. She had to focus all of her energy into not swaying forward and leaning into him…
“Emily,” he began in a velvet-laden voice that sent her mind reeling further, “I appreciate your consideration, but you need not worry for me. Not anymore. I have fully given myself over to you and this experience, and if anything is ever amiss, you will know it. I will not be able to hide it.” His dark brow pulled low. “Do you believe me?”
“Yes,” she rasped.
He stared at her, lingering. “Good.” Then he was backing away, taking all of his scented warmth with him. She rocked on her heels. Thankfully, though, he’d turned to face Clara and did not see.
“I must bid you farewell,” he told her.
“I will see you at dinner, Mr. Duvane.”
“You may count on it.”
And then, in that way of his that always pulled at Emily’s heartstrings, he exited the room with swift adeptness. Emily and Clara trailed after him. Together they peered into the hall. But, of course, Jasper being Jasper, he’d already disappeared without a trace.
“I still think it’s amazing how he does that,” Clara sighed.
“I agree,” Emily whispered back, haunted to her core as she listened to the sound of creaking wood sink inside Valenstone’s vast and deep underbelly.
Chapter 16

Stories and Shadows


As was typical for that time of day, Valenstone had begun to accumulate shadows at an insidious rate. Like ink, they seeped through the house, staining everything until it was no longer discernable where one thing began and another ended.
Fortunately, the library’s firelight was casting a beckoning glow down the west hall. It cut back the nightfall, emitting a long and concentrated path. Emily and Clara followed it in hasty silence. They needed the guidance, looking eager to leave the disappearing hallway.
As for Jasper, he himself did not require illumination to get around Valenstone. He did, however, appreciate its glow just then. For as he secretly prowled behind Emily and her daughter, he was gifted with the most fascinating view of their silhouettes. They were hand in hand, the light claiming them from the front as shadows hung like cloaks against their backs. He watched them, sketching the image of them into his memory.
Little Clara, with her cropping of buoyant curls and effervescent energy, walked like she spoke—with charm and energy. His gaze wandered to where her hand was joined with her mother’s. He knew how it felt to be held by that tiny, albeit commanding clasp. That child was a force to be reckoned with when she took anyone by the hand.
His attention slid up the bare expanse of Emily’s arm. The tight feeling in his chest grew in power and concentration. Even veiled in darkness, she was lovely beyond compare. Her hair was partially unbound, the upper half swept back with a gleaming comb while the lower half fell in dusky waves to her elbows. Her shoulders were exposed, and her slender waist was accentuated by the firm stays of her bodice.
His pulse thrummed a bit at the prospect of seeing her in her evening attire again. He recalled quite clearly how the sight had affected him before. It’d been distracting, frustrating…alluring. He wondered, having spent a little more time with her that day, if he would be just as unmanned when he saw her in the light. He hoped not. He was already spiraling down a rabbit hole of feelings; he did not need to become lost in her dreamy complexion once again, so flawless compared to his own withered flesh.
Keeping back by several paces, Jasper was left alone as Emily and Clara slipped into the library. Immediately, he could feel the familiar pull of the walls. They beckoned him in, telling him he did not belong, questioning his decision to try. But the wicked flame in his heart burned hotter in defiance, and he kept walking.
When he reached the library doorway, he hung back. Emily was helping her daughter settle onto the settee. And it took less than a second of seeing her in the firelight for him to realize that he was no less immune to her. It was unreal to think that anyone could be so beautiful.
How was he going to focus on anything she said now—or anything at all, for that matter?
“When will he come, Mama?”
Emily looked over at the painting where usually, he would have come through. He crossed his arms and leaned against the door jamb, watching. Didn’t she understand yet? He wasn’t coming through there. Not anymore; not in front of her. She’d asked him to take the halls, to exist with her as normally as possible—and that was precisely what he was going to do. He’d only ever enter the walls again if he had to. Like he’d done earlier when it’d been time to prepare for dinner.
“I don’t know,” Emily replied. “But he has surely been here already.”
“How do you know?”
“The fire is lit.”
“Well, I do hope he hurries.”
“Why? Are you very hungry?”
“It’s not that.”
Emily bent low, petting Clara’s curls away from her cherubic face. “Tell me, then.”
“I will just feel better once I see him, is all.”
“You will feel better?”
“Yes. I am still afraid you will take me away from him, and I won’t get to say goodbye.”
“Clara,” she said after a lengthy pause, “I promise, when we leave Valenstone, it will not be without saying goodbye to Mr. Duvane.”
“…You really promise?”
“Yes. I do.”
Clara smiled. “See, Bessie Doll?” she crooned into her doll’s face. “There was no reason to be afraid.”
Afraid.
Jasper shook his head, baffled by what actually managed to frighten her. It certainly hadn’t been him. Not even when he’d first confronted her, alone in a seemingly abandoned mansion. No, that hadn’t fazed her at all. What frightened her was not being able to say goodbye to him. Him! A man whose face was the stuff of nightmares. A man who harbored more secrets than Valenstone did shadows.
What you see in me, Clara, I will never understand.
He rubbed his palm against his chest, sensing something take root inside, just for her. She had a way—not unlike her mother—of worming into his soul and staying there. Like when she’d taken his mangled hand into her own, or each time she’d embraced him. Those moments had affected him more than she could ever know. They were what grounded him when his body felt full of turmoil.
He wondered a little wildly what he would do if Emily ever thought to touch him in that manner. What if, one day, she decided to take ahold of his hand? What if she did more than that? What if she held him, her chest to his, her skirts against his legs, and her arms about his shoulders? What if—
Jasper gritted his teeth as unbridled heat simmered in his blood. He really should not think such thoughts. Not here. Not when she stood just across the room. He was struggling enough as it was.
Then again, he was on a journey to accepting what made him happy…
Without giving himself time to cool his tempered pulse, he cleared his throat. “Good evening, Emily.”
Emily turned in a rush, her three-tiered skirts caressing the floor. Spotting him, her face filled with color. And it was that look, such flushed happiness at the sight of him, that finished him off; he was instantly set afire.
Instead of barricading himself from the feeling, Jasper leaned into it, gauging it, testing his own endurance—as he vowed to do every time. Even still, it was such a strange sensation, welcoming what he’d since been fighting. When he didn’t allow himself to think about how much he was going to hurt for it later, it was really quite magnificent.
Clara sat forward on the settee, her face also bright with joy at seeing him. “Mr. Duvane! Oh, there you are!”
He exhaled a smoldering breath. “Good evening, Clara.”
“Come! Sit by me.”
Jasper shouldered away from the door and entered the room. Both Emily and Clara stared at him, watching with open curiosity and interest. His customary sense of insecurity began creeping over him, but he did his best to ignore it. He needed them to look at him. For only then would they be able to see just how much he was changing for them. He really had chosen happiness—something he suspected Emily was skeptical of trusting.
“You look surprised to see me, Emily,” he said, coming over to the settee.
Clara patted it excitedly, and he took a gradual seat beside her. She wrapped her arm about his and leaned her head against him. It was the steadying sensation he needed to keep looking up at Emily.
Impossibly gorgeous woman.
“Well,” Emily began, looking nervous, “I suppose I am a little surprised again.” She pointed to the weeping willow painting. “I expected you to come from there.”
“You asked me to keep from the walls as much as possible, and so I am.”
Her dark gaze shone with an unidentifiable emotion.
“Are you not happy?” he inquired.
“Oh! Y-yes, I…I just didn’t think you would do it when I wasn’t with you.”
You are always with me, he wanted to say, yet didn’t.
“I am glad you took the halls on your own, Jasper,” she said. “You should. This is your house.”
Clara tugged on his sleeve. “Mr. Duvane, are you going to cook us some more apples tonight?”
Turning his head to Clara, he replied, “No. Something else. And I thought your mother could help me.”
Clara tried and failed to hide a wince. “Oh. You want Mama to help this time?”
“Try not to look so crestfallen about it,” Emily said with an affronted tone. “I promise to do my very best not to burn anything.”
Clara looked dubious.
“What did you have in mind, Jasper?” Emily asked him.
Giving Clara a grateful pat on the hand, Jasper found the will to stand and face Emily. “I will show you.”
He wandered past her, over to where he’d placed the crate beside the hearth earlier. Spying the pumpkin, he pulled it out.
Clara hopped off the settee and came to stand next to him. He met her eyes.
“Are you going to cook that whole pumpkin?” she asked.
“I was considering it.”
“Into a pie?”
“No. Soup.”
“Oh, I love soup!”
Putting the pumpkin on the desk, he turned back to the crate. From it he removed a cutting board, an apron, a chopping knife, a ladle, and two rags. Handing the apron to Emily, he set everything else down onto the desk with great diligence. Then he took ahold of the pumpkin and turned it on its side.
“Are you ready to help me now?” he asked her.
“I think the question is, are you ready to help me?” she teased as she tied the apron about her waist.
The smile she gave him then almost took him out at the knees; it was the most brilliant thing he’d seen all day. She needed to be careful, shooting so much guileless beauty at him like that. She’d make an utter fool of him before the night even began.
“I am ready if you are, Emily,” he told her softly. “You will be chopping the pumpkin tonight. Cut the stem and the bottom clean off so it has two flat surfaces.” He unsheathed the knife and laid it down for her. “We’ll go from there.”
Emily tossed a playful look at Clara. “All right, everyone. Here I go.” She took the knife and, under his supervision, sliced the pumpkin in slow, even chops.
“Well done,” he commended.
“Thank you.” She looked up at him. “Now what?”
“Cut off the pumpkin’s skin as best you can.”
“It’s skin? Oh…I do not know if I can do that. I am certain I will hurt myself.”
“Watch me, then.” He opened his hand for the knife, and she gave it to him. “Be patient when you cut. Put safety before speed. Like this.” He began cutting off the flesh of the pumpkin, one prudent slice at a time. When only a little bit remained, he stopped. “Will you try now?”
She nibbled on her lower lip. “Okay.”
Jasper passed her the knife, and with caution, she carved the last bit off. Her face lit up with pride. And in that moment, she looked a great deal like Clara.
“Very good,” he said. “Now you need to cut the pumpkin in half.”
She studied the pumpkin before her. After a few faltering starts, she managed to sever it in two. “What next?”
“Remove the seeds and chop the remaining parts into quarters, then again into smaller pieces,” he instructed. “We will put them in the pot to roast over the fire when you are done.”
He stepped back to watch. Clara remained, her eagerness escaping through her dancing feet on the floor.
“You are doing wonderfully, Mama,” she said. “And it smells so lovely.”
“I’m sure it will smell even better once we cook it,” Emily replied.
“Mmmm.” Clara touched her stomach. She looked back at Jasper. “Will it take long?”
“Not too long, no.”
Jasper removed an onion and some garlic from the crate. He placed them before Emily, and she began slicing them up as well. He cleaned his hands on a rag as she finished.
Once done, he took the cutting board and dumped the chopped bits into the pot, withholding the pumpkin seeds. Then he placed the pot atop the burning coals. Hovering over the crate, he plucked up a few jars of dried herbs, spices, and sugar and transferred them to the desk.
“We’ll add those shortly,” he told Emily, handing her the second rag.
Their eyes connected through the warm, flickering light. And again, she smiled at him.
“What will we do now?” Clara asked.
Hands clean, Emily set aside the rag and began removing her apron. “We wait, my darling.” She gestured to the settee with a little nod. “Why don’t you make yourself comfortable over there again?”
As Clara turned for the settee, Jasper found himself headed toward one of the chairs. He hauled it over, placing it before the hearth.
“Sit,” he murmured to Emily.
She viewed it with surprise, but sat herself. “Thank you.”
When she lifted her face to him, there was a question lingering in her gaze. He knew what it was without her having to voice it. And so he pivoted for another chair, placing it not too far from her own. A blissful sort of feeling collected inside him as he sat down, Emily to his left, and Clara on the settee to his right. And for several long moments, they stared into the crackling, golden flames in silence.
Meanwhile, Jasper continued to turn inwardly, focusing on his unremitting effort to adjust to it all. Because while being situated in that manner was nice, it still felt new and unusual. Had he grown up to lead a more normal life, of course, he supposed such a domestic scene would have occurred quite often. There was a good chance he’d be married by now. Perhaps even a father, too. And the three of them would have sat before a glowing hearth—just as he was sitting now with Emily and Clara…
What a heart-stopping parallel to draw, indeed.
As the smell of roasting pumpkin began to lift into the air, Jasper left his seat. He gathered the ladle as well as some spices, water, and sugar. Then he lowered himself to his knees before the fire, assembling the items on the floor. It was hotter there, and he found the heat only enhanced his burning thoughts, giving color and life to the idea of family and lasting comfort. When he heard the whisper of Emily’s skirts, he knew she was coming to kneel beside him. He sat very still as black silk became pressed against his side, the scent of flowers mingling with the fresh pumpkin.
Sighing, Jasper looked at her. She was smiling brightly, staring into the pot with the eager innocence of a child. When she turned her face and their eyes met, little buds of affection flowered across his senses. And he very nearly smiled back.
“What seasonings are we using?” she asked.
“Nutmeg, cumin, ginger, cinnamon, and thyme,” he said. “A little salt and pepper too. Sprinkle some of each into the pot. Then add the sugar.”
Taking her time, she did as he directed. “Oh, now that smells lovely! How much sugar should I pour in?”
“That depends on how sweet you want it.”
“You had best add all of it, then!” Clara joked.
Jasper lifted an eyebrow, turning his head to her. “All of it?”
“My Mama loves sweets. She could eat them all day.”
“Not all day!” Emily protested.
“Yes, you could.” Clara straightened herself. “You told me so.”
“When?”
“During teatime last Christmas. You said that if you never ate anything but Christmas Plum Pudding again, you would be happy as a lark.”
Emily laughed, and the sound danced through the air like a melody, making the hairs on Jasper’s arms stand on end.
“Very well,” Emily said. “I won’t use all of the sugar. But I’ll be generous. Is that all right with you, Jasper?”
He nodded. When she’d included the desired amount, he gestured to the two glass bottles of water. Chicken stock and a little cream would have been best, if he’d had any. He didn’t, though. And water, he’d learned, worked well enough as a substitute.
Emily poured the water in and then stirred it with the ladle. He pushed himself to a stand, watching as the pumpkin began to smooth out.
“That’s sufficient,” he said.
She set aside the ladle and gathered her skirts, preparing to stand as well. And perhaps it was the vantage point he had of her, of looking down upon the crown of her head and her bare, lithe shoulders, but he was suddenly gripped by the need to assist her. So he obeyed the instinct without thinking and extended his left hand to her.
She eyed it and froze—as did he.
But it was too late. The offer was already out there. She either had to take his hand or reject him altogether. The latter posed more of a threat to his composure, so he said, “Do not leave me here like this. Take my hand, Emily.”
At last, she lifted her right hand and slipped it into his. He helped her come to a stand. His mind, however, became wholly preoccupied by the warm contact of their palms and fingers.
Flesh to flesh.
Human to human.
Her to him.
The startling comparison of her smooth, porcelain skin against his scars was a harsh reality. But right then, he could not bring himself to care. Emily hadn’t ever looked at him with revulsion. Wariness, yes. Especially in the beginning. But it’d never been as though he turned her stomach. No, Emily was like Clara in that she saw through his scars, right down to the wounded soul beneath. And not once had she shunned him.
Forcing himself to release her, Jasper returned to his seat and sat down. She did the same, and a hush settled over the room again.
“So,” Clara said, finally, “have you always lived in Dunhaven Moor, Mr. Duvane?”
“I have not,” he answered, his left hand flexing in secret at his side; it was tingling now.
“Where are you from?”
Realizing that she was probably in the beginning stages of one of her interrogations, he turned in his seat so he could meet her questions head on. “Newport Cross. It’s on the outskirts of the city of Norworth.”
“Oh, I see,” she said primly, as though she knew exactly where that was. “And when did you move to Dunhaven Moor?”
“When I was fifteen years old.”
“How long ago was that?”
He pretended to think about it. But he didn’t really need to. “Eleven years ago.”
“I have lived in Dunhaven Moor all of my life,” she told him.
“I thought you might have.”
“It is pretty here. I do not know if I want to live anywhere else.”
He sensed Emily stiffen. But he didn’t look back. “Why not?”
“I don’t know. I just like it here.”
He studied her closely. “Here in Dunhaven Moor, or here in Valenstone?”
She turned her attention to her doll. “Both, I guess. I wish I could stay forever.”
Her words both delighted and disturbed him. She didn’t belong there with him; she belonged to the bright, ever-changing world, just like her mother.
“You know,” he began, cautious, “I have enjoyed having you here. You are a great friend to me, Clara.”
Her large brown eyes flew up to his, joy dancing in their depths. “I am?”
“Yes,” he said. “But you don’t belong here. You are meant for more.”
“What if I don’t want more than this? I am happy here. Why should I wish to go away?”
He pondered that for a moment, his mind rushing. “What of the sea?”
“The sea?”
“I have read that it is vast and bottomless blue. And very beautiful. Shouldn’t you like to see it?”
“…Maybe.”
“That is where your mother is taking you.”
“To the sea? I thought we were going to Westbeck.”
“That is by the sea,” he said. “Just off the southwest coast of England.”
Clara looked at Emily. “Is that true, Mama?”
Jasper resettled into his seat again. And that time, he did look over at Emily. Her face held the same expression it usually did whenever he interacted with her daughter. Her lips were parted, and her gaze was a little unfocused. She looked bewildered.
“Yes, Clara,” she said. “And I believe you will like it very much.”
“Perhaps,” Clara relented.
Emily stared at him. “Jasper, how did you know the precise location of Westbeck?” she asked. “It is a small town. I hadn’t even heard of it at all until I found the advertisement.”
“I have a lot of time on my hands,” he replied, veering his eyes to the fire again. “I took to studying atlases years ago.”
Clara huffed a discontented sigh. “Why would you do that? It sounds dreadfully boring.”
“It isn’t boring to me,” he said. “Studying the world makes me feel like I’ve been places, like I’ve lived, when really, I know nothing beyond these walls anymore. When I learned Westbeck is your destination, I looked it up. I wanted to know where it was. I thought that it might…”
“…You thought that it might what?” Emily coaxed.
“I thought that it might help ease things for me, knowing where you’re going to be once you leave here.”
The fire popped and sizzled when he finished speaking.
“It’s all right, Mr. Duvane,” Clara said at last, her voice like a bell in the quiet room. “I am glad you will know where we are too.”
He nodded.
“…So, you said you have read about the sea,” she said, graciously ushering the conversation onward, “but I wonder now, have you ever seen it before? In person, I mean.”
Jasper wished he could say that he had. But the closest he’d ever come to it was while looking at painted or drawn images. “Not once.”
“Mama? Have you seen it?”
“I have,” Emily confirmed.
“Is it as blue as Mr. Duvane says?”
“Yes.”
Jasper continued to keep his eyes on the fire; his heart needed a break. “When did you visit the sea, Emily?” he asked her.
“It wasn’t a visit; I used to live beside it as a child,” she said. “Along the coast, south of Westbeck, there is a town called Hartport Green.”
“Why did you leave?”
“I was sent to live with my Great Aunt Adelaide here in the moors.” She rubbed her hand up her bare arm, distracting him even though he could only see her from the corner of his eye. “My parents were ill, and they passed away shortly after I left. So it was for the best. I had nowhere else to go.”
“Your mama and papa died?” Clara breathed.
“Yes, darling. They did.”
Jasper stared at the fire. So, she was an orphan? It wasn’t quite the same as a foundling, like himself, but it was close. Odd, but it was a commonality he had not expected to spring up between them.
“Why have you never told me that before?” Clara asked.
“We never had the chance to talk about it.”
“Tell us about them now.”
His ears perked as he waited for Emily’s response. These were the things he wanted to know about her before she left him. He wanted to know details, all her hurts, joys, hopes, and fears. What had her life been like before she’d married a devil in disguise? Before she’d ended up hiding with her child inside an abandoned mansion beside an equally abandoned man?
Emily took a deep breath and blew it out. “Well, their names were William and Evelyn Davis. They were good people, and for many years, the three of us were very happy together. Every memory I have of them is a fond one. Reading on my father’s lap and the smell of pipe tobacco on his clothes; dressing in the mirror beside my mother and the way she fixed her hair with so much grace.
“I remember on Sundays, after church, they often liked to visit with the less fortunate families who lived in the surrounding villages. They would bring them bread, milk, blankets, and some good cheer—that sort of thing. Sometimes they would bring me along too; especially once I was older and could help them in ways that I couldn’t when I was too young. On one of the days that I was permitted to stay behind and rest, my mother and father returned quite late in the evening, and they were…”
Emily paused, forcing Jasper to look at her again.
“They were not themselves,” she finished, her gaze warm and already upon him. “My mother was pale, and my father, though he tried to hide it, was visibly weak. So they quarantined themselves in the back of the house and sent for a doctor. When I was carted off to live with my Great Aunt Adelaide, I suspected that their condition was grave, indeed. Of course, no one had actually told me so. But I was right.” Her expression turned pensive and wistful. “Cholera took them a week later. I was eighteen years old. It was an incredibly difficult period of my life.”
Jasper sat very still, absorbing all the information she’d just shared—and it was a lot; he needed time before he could reply.
“Mama, that is a sad story,” Clara acknowledged.
“It is,” Emily agreed. “But only if you focus on the part where they died. Before that, it is a happy story.”
“That is true, I guess…”
“It is true, Clara. I loved my parents a great deal. And their lives were comprised of so much more than just their final moments. They lived every day with integrity and kindness. Are those not things worthy of being remembered?”
“Yes, of course,” Clara said, and there was a gentle smile in her voice that hadn’t been there before. “But I do wish I could have met them. Grandpa and Grandma Mathers died before I was born, too.”
“I know. And while I cannot speak for any of them, I do believe they all would have adored you. How could they not?”
Jasper gave them a minute of quiet reflection before he pressed the tale onward. “You said you went to live with your great aunt?” he prodded.
“Yes, my Great Aunt Adelaide. She was my only living relative. And to put it lightly, she was old and not eager to have me. Almost as soon as I arrived, she made it her mission to see me married off.” Emily’s voice thinned as she added, “So that’s just what she did.”
Jasper tried his hardest not to scowl.
“And then you had me,” Clara said, finishing the story on a bright note. “That’s a happy ending! You lost your mama, but then you became one.”
The energy in the room lifted instantly.
“An insightful observation, Clara,” Emily told her. “I like your perspective.”
“Thank you,” Clara beamed. “What about your mama, Mr. Duvane?”
Jasper blinked, reeling a little from the question. But he felt himself answering her before he could stop himself. “I never knew my mother, Clara. From what I was told, I was brought to the Norworth Foundling Hospital a few months after she’d given birth to me.”
“Why did you go to a hospital?” Clara asked. “Were you sick?”
“It isn’t that kind of hospital. It is a place for children whose families are unable to care for them. There they can receive housing, food, a respectable education, and training for employment.”
“Oh,” she said, beginning to understand the gravity of his former situation.
“Try not to be sad for me,” he said, wanting to lighten the moment if he could. “I was fortunate to be accepted there at all. And just like your mother found her bright spot in you, I found one too.”
“Really? How?”
“I earned a second mother the very same day I was given up. If you will recall the woman in the painting that I showed you, Caroline—she raised me with the love and care that my birthmother could not.”
“You remember her well,” Emily mentioned. “How old were you when she passed?”
“Fourteen.”
“Goodness. You were still so young. I am glad you at least managed to return to the Hughes family before she passed. Even though it was under an apprenticeship. And Mr. Hughes and his son, well, they clearly loved you since they—”
“They did not love me.”
She sat back a bit, his admission hitting her. “They did not love you?”
“No.”
He drummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair. It was difficult to talk about these things. He hated even thinking about them. But for Emily, because she’d been so forthcoming with her own past, he wanted to try to be open. At least, to the best of his ability.
“I assume your stunned silence means you’ve heard stories that suggest otherwise,” he said.
She nodded.
“Let me guess: Victor Hughes was a doting widower who helped a poor foundling child rise to riches?”
“…None of that is true?”
“Not exactly,” Jasper told her flatly.
“What of his son?”
Jasper shook his head, his eyes never straying from her face. “Xavier was worse than his father.”
She fell quiet. Then something in her countenance shifted. He couldn’t put his finger on just what it was, but when she spoke again, she sounded resolute. “I am disappointed in myself.”
“You are disappointed in yourself?” he asked, astounded. “Why?”
“For being so surprised by this revelation. Thinking of this house, all its secrets—I’d thought it was all done for you, not to you; but that cannot be the case if they did not love you.” She leaned toward him in her chair and lowered her voice so only he could hear her. “You see, I am not unfamiliar with what it is like to know someone who presents himself one way, yet is evil incarnate behind closed doors. It is maddening when you are the only one who knows someone’s true character, Jasper. Maddening and imprisoning. I am sorry you went through it alone.”
His heart twisted at her words. “I was not as alone as you would think,” he heard himself confess on a whisper.
Be careful, Jasper, an inner voice cautioned.
“Being surrounded by people does not make it impossible to feel alone,” she said, misunderstanding him. Not that he’d correct her. “Take me, for instance—sometimes there were people all around me, and yet I felt no one ever saw me at all. I was invisible, particularly as my life was being lived by someone else.”
“…Your life was being lived by someone else?”
“Yes.” She flicked her eyes toward her daughter, who was trying to hear what they were saying by leaning forward. She lowered her voice to a whisper. “Exactly how much have you overheard us say about Bess?”
“Not too much,” he said honestly. “I’ve ascertained that Clara’s doll might be a gift from her. And I know Clara loves her.”
“Well, I’ll add a little more color to the story for you: For the past six years I’ve had to sit on the side and watch Bess raise my child while I was only permitted small visits. Bess had all of her love and trust while I had tea and cake. And there was nothing I could do about it. I had no place in my own life. I became a spectator to it, observing it all go past me, like it was never mine to begin with. It was the loneliest feeling in all the world.” She sighed. “That was one reason why I was so upset in the conservatory during the ball. The other reason…well, you saw my husband. You know.” She leaned closer, just a fraction. “At any rate, my point was that I understand some of your pain, Jasper; I can relate to feeling lonely in a world that goes on without you.”
Jasper’s thoughts were racing, stumbling over themselves in an incoherent rush. “We understand each other better than you know, I think.”
He watched as she cast him one of her little smiles and resettled into her chair. He blew out an unsteady breath. How was he supposed to return to conducting this casual affair before the fire now? Deep inside, the cord of camaraderie she’d been trying so hard to form between them had taken hold of him with herculean force. It made him want to reinstate the shortened distance between them, to whisper intimately with her once again.
It made him want to tell her everything.
“What are you two saying over there?” Clara asked in frustration. “I want to know, too!”
“Nothing, darling,” Emily soothed. “Forgive us for excluding you. I wonder if it isn’t time to check the soup…”
Somehow—he did not know where he found the strength—Jasper pushed himself from the chair. Retrieving the ladle, he stirred the pot with an absent mind.
“Is it ready?” Clara wanted to know.
Swallowing his heart, Jasper forced himself to focus on the potted contents. Seeing it was loose and smooth, he said, “It is,” and he turned to collect some bowls from the crate. He scooped a generous amount of soup into one and placed it on the desk. “Clara.”
She got up enthusiastically from the settee and made her way over to him. He turned and helped her into the high-backed chair. He handed her a spoon.
“Can you guess what I am going to say next?” he asked her.
She grinned up at him—all innocence and charm. “That I need to wait. The soup is hot.”
“Very good.”
After filling two more bowls, he passed one to Emily with a spoon resting inside. Then with his own dinner, he re-sat himself. He watched as she inhaled the spice-scented steam that curled upward toward her.
Clara giggled. “It smells so wonderful, doesn’t it?”
“It truly does.” Emily glanced at him. “Thank you, once again.”
He nodded in her direction. “This is your work. I only gave instructions.”
“Then you are a good teacher. Now I know how to make pumpkin soup! I should write it down so I don’t forget.”
“Can I have some now?” Clara cried.
“The chef should go first, I think,” he said.
Emily lifted her spoon to her lips and blew on it. After having a taste, she shut her eyes in pleasure and released a small, appreciative noise.
Jasper went very still as the sound reached into him, tying his insides up in knots. Privately, he shook his head. What a hopeless mess he was anymore. He doubted he would ever become fully disentangled again; he would forever be a jumbled accumulation of feelings, of happiness and pain.
“Do you like it?” he questioned.
Her darkened gaze found his. “I love it. It is perfect. It hits all the right places in my stomach. And I am suddenly realizing how famished I am.”
“Eat, then,” he said, gratified.
“What about me, Mr. Duvane?” asked Clara, bouncing in her seat. “I am hungry, too!”
“Go on. You may have some, Clara.”
All three of them began to eat, then. And the room quickly began to bloom with quiet sounds. It’d been the same over breakfast, he recalled. He’d felt and heard every sigh of gratification, every clink of silverware—quite like he was hearing it all now. And while they were not unpleasant sounds, they reminded him just how unused to dining with people he actually was.
Normally, he was alone in his room, either reading or drawing as he ate. The only sounds he’d ever heard then were the ones he himself made, and he’d hardly noticed them at all. Now though, as he listened to Emily and Clara enjoy and nourish themselves with the food he’d provided, it made him wonder how he would ever be able to eat anything ever again and not listen for them.
The simplest of things were going to be tainted with memories now.
When, a short while later, their bellies were full, Jasper collected the dishes and set them aside to be cleaned later. He often never paid attention to the time—with so many hours on end to waste away, why bother?—but he did right then. And if he had to guess, it was sometime after nine o’ clock.
He sat himself down again, wondering if Emily would soon be calling an end to their evening. He’d understand, of course, if she did. Sleep might be hours and hours away for him, but not for them. He’d listened to their movements enough to know that they typically settled down by ten at the latest.
And so, despaired, he waited for Emily to yawn and stretch. He waited for her to turn and, in a voice thick with drowsiness, bid him good evening. He waited, but she did none of those things.
Instead, with eyes that were bright and sparkling with interest, Emily leaned one bare elbow on the armrest of her chair and looked at him, a half-smile on her lips. “So,” she said, “do you like to play cards, Jasper?”
Chapter 17

Ghost of a Smile


Emily could tell by the expression on Jasper’s face that he was both surprised and relieved by her question. It puzzled her at first. But then she realized he must have thought the evening was drawing to a close. Her inquiry about cards had suggested otherwise—and he was comforted by that.
My word, he doesn’t want this evening to end any more than I do, she thought, quite put at ease herself.
For in the back of her mind, she’d been wondering how he was faring. They’d delved into a good bit of heavy talk. Much more than he was surely used to. And Lord, all the burning glances he’d been giving her! Her skin felt aflame from how many times she’d caught him eyeing her. So shamelessly, too. Her shoulders, arms, neck, and face—no part of her that was exposed to the firelight was safe from his scrutiny.
Had he been anyone else, she would have felt quite vexed. But he wasn’t just anyone. He was Jasper. And considering all the staring he himself had endured lately, she deemed it only fair to forgive him for gazing at length, as well.
In fact, if she was being honest with herself, she didn’t mind his staring at all. She welcomed it. To be the object of his full attention was actually rather invigorating. She felt vibrant and interesting when his eyes were upon her.
“Cards?” he suddenly echoed, cutting into her thoughts.
Emily nodded.
“I am not sure how well I like them or not.”
She lifted her brows at him. “Well, do you even have any playing cards?”
He shrugged, beginning to gaze around the room as though he’d never been in it before.
“I want to play cards,” Clara chimed in. “But I do not know how. Papa wouldn’t let me learn.”
“I would love to teach you,” Emily informed her. She waited for Jasper to meet her eyes again. “If we find any, would you like to play with us, too?”
“Yes,” he said with unexpected swiftness.
It felt like the sun had risen inside her. “Very well. Let us go see if we can locate some!”
She came to her feet. Jasper quickly followed her movements, coming to stand before his chair as well. A warm, earth-scented draft of air rushed over her—his scent. She felt herself take a deep breath of it; and it settled somewhere inside her, where it stayed.
She liked the way he smelled, she acknowledged. It was far better than the pungent cologne that clung to Clinton all the time. On some level, she liked it even more than the rich tobacco her father had always smelled of—a scent that had become very sentimental to her.
“Where should we start?” she said, her voice sounding far away, even to her own ears.
“This room,” Clara answered logically as she collected her doll.
They dispersed then, each of them wandering around the room in different directions. Emily moved toward the bookshelves, scanning the tops of the books. Jasper began rummaging through the desk’s drawers. And Clara, skipping about, looked over the tables, underneath the chairs, and with a giggle, behind the draperies. It wasn’t long before they accepted there were no cards in that room.
“Let’s check the drawing room next,” Emily suggested.
She lit a candle, and they filed into the hall together. When they reached the drawing room door, Jasper opened it for them. Emily located two more candles and lit them for added brilliancy.
Clara pranced about again, looking over and under things with great enthusiasm. Jasper eyed the tabletops, his hands shoved deep into his pockets as he walked. And Emily, candle in hand, moved around in wonder, her gaze and mind restless.
Despite the room’s large size, it was a crowded one. There were simply trinkets everywhere, stashed all over tables and clustered high on the sprawling mantlepiece. On the first morning she’d spent at Valenstone, she recalled the sense of marvel she’d felt looking it all over. The feeling was still there.
“There is just so much here,” she whispered to herself, touching an elegant figurine of a woman with long, golden hair.
“Most of it was Caroline’s,” Jasper replied.
Stunned that he’d heard her, Emily whirled around. He was not particularly close, standing a good ten feet away. And while he was not facing her, she knew, as usual, that his full attention was upon her.
“Why is there so much in this one room?” she asked.
“Victor did not like looking at things that reminded him of her. So he put them in one room and did not enter it often afterward. Ironically enough, though, Valenstone itself was largely influenced by her.” Jasper turned his face a little. “You’ve noticed the ethereal theme of the house, I presume?”
“Yes.”
“That was done for her. She loved angels, and he loved her. So he filled the house with them.” He moved to a different table. “But then she died. Unlike the things you see now, he couldn’t put every statue or angel-adorned motif away in here.”
“Why did he put her things here at all if it bothered him to look at them? I mean, I understand it was too late to hide the theme of angels all over the house; but why not keep everything else out of sight…like he did with her gowns in the turret room?”
He gave a little shrug. “She made him promise to keep as much of her favorite things on display as he could. That way guests could enjoy them too.” He gave her a queer glance over his shoulder. “That was one promise he did manage to abide by.”
“…I take it he was not usually a man of his word, then.”
“No,” he bit out, and he moved away.
She watched him for a brief spell before turning back to the figurine. Its porcelain face was lifted in her direction, shimmering in the candlelight. It even looked a little like Caroline.
At least Victor Hughes was not without his own ghosts. I can find comfort in that, seeing as he was not as loving toward Jasper as I’d thought. Xavier, though…
Emily’s gaze shifted to one of the paintings. Confusion began to niggle at the back of her mind. It was the portrait of the familiar boy galloping in play with his hobby horse and drawn toy sword. She suspected now that he must be Xavier. But considering Xavier had actually been such a dreadful person, she wondered why Jasper would paint him so often. To put time and effort into immortalizing him, recreating his image with love and care—it made no sense at all.
Unless, that is, Jasper cared for him but was not cared for in return…
She flicked her gaze in his direction again, empathetic and curious. He stood off by himself, his face turned low as he examined a table.
Oh, Jasper. Is Caroline really the only person who has ever shown you love?
Mind heavy, Emily continued walking. She felt aimless now, looking about at one thing and then the next. When she spied a small silver box sitting beside a vase, she opened it. Her inner fog cleared. For inside the box was a stack of perfectly preserved playing cards.
“I found some!” she said, holding up her treasure.
“Hooray!” Clara cried. Her face was aglow with delight as she bent to blow out a candle. “Let’s go back to the library now!”
As Clara fled from the room, Emily let her go. Clara knew where she was going now, even if it was dark. Besides, Jasper was with them. His acute awareness would no doubt alert them all if anything was amiss.
Emily waited for him in the doorway as he blew out the second candle. With hers still in her hand, she watched him approach. When they came together and entered the hall, the candlelight embraced them warmly. Up ahead, she could see Clara skipping off, the soft radiance of the library defining her silhouette.
“You seem less nervous about letting her out of your sight,” he noticed, keeping close to her side.
“I am,” she admitted. “But that is because you are here. Clara and I have not known much stability. You offer us that. Look at her now, the way she skips. It’s freeing to not always feel so afraid.”
“And was she always afraid before?”
Emily hesitated, meeting his eyes. Tell him. I have asked for a confidant, and here he is.
“The other day, Clara told me a few things about our time at Whitmore that I’d previously not known,” she said.
“Like what?”
“Well,” she murmured, “I learned that Clinton was vigilant in keeping Clara and I apart for several reasons. Granted, I knew he did it as punishment to me, or as a way to simply assert his authority over us. But I had not comprehended that there were more sinister motives at play.”
“Explain.”
Emily let her answer fill her before she said it. She wanted to feel the full weight of it again, even though it hurt. She couldn’t ever let herself forget the imperativeness of her escape. Her reasons were like torches, and she must carry them, unextinguished, forever.
Just then, Jasper came to a complete standstill. She eased to a stop beside him.
“Emily,” he pressed. “Why else was he keeping you two apart?”
“…To keep me from realizing he was abusing her as well.”
As soon as she said it aloud, guilt and shame clawed at her. But she batted the sensations down. It was not her fault. None of it was. She had not known the true depth of Clinton’s depravity, and he had made sure she never would. It was only upon escaping that she’d gotten to spend any significant or unsupervised time with her daughter—which was just what Clara had needed in order to confess what’d been happening to her.
Emily centered herself. “He was hitting her, Jasper. Quite like he was hitting me. But I was kept from her—notably when I myself was too battered to be seen. For weeks at a time, he’d shut me away, ensuring I remained unaware of what she was also enduring.”
Jasper turned his face to watch Clara disappear into the library. Then he met Emily’s eyes again, his expression stony and unflinching. “Emily,” he said, darkness in his voice, “I could not fathom hating that man more than I already do. But then you tell me this.”
“Trust me, I feel the same.”
“No. You don’t understand me. There is a special hell for men who harm women and children—and I am warning you now, if I ever get ahold of Clinton Mathers, I will send him there.”
Jasper’s absolute vehemence pulled her spine erect. An unequivocal rage burned in his words. She could feel it rolling into the air, causing the world around them to tremble. What startled her most, though, was that it was a feeling she recognized in herself. She too had felt that way when learning about Clara’s secret suffering. And the desire to defend her daughter, to seek absolute vengeance on her behalf, was overwhelming.
“You know,” she began softly, “there was a moment when I thought I actually had killed him.”
His jaw clenched.
She went on, “On the night I escaped, I struck him clear across the temple with a candlestick holder. Like this one.” She held her candle a little higher. “I did not know how to feel about it at the time; I had not intended to kill him, only to protect myself. But I’ll tell you one thing I know about it now: had I been aware of what he was doing to Clara, our own child, whom I’d believed we both treasured, I would have rejoiced in his death. Indeed, I would have struck him much sooner. And harder. I would have wanted him dead. So I do understand you, Jasper. I understand you fully.”
Jasper’s face lost some its irate tension. “It is not in you to kill anyone, Emily. Not even him.”
“You’re wrong. For Clara, I would do anything. Besides, it wasn’t as though anyone else was coming to our aid. We were abandoned to him by everyone. Everyone except Bess, I suppose—astonishingly enough. I’d always begrudged that woman for her constant interloping; however, after learning of her efforts to protect Clara, I must forgive her for everything.” She felt herself tremble a little. “But truly, Jasper, other than her, we had no one. Not a soul. So if I could go back and spare Clara the pain she endured, I would have killed him, yes. Either that, or I would have died trying. The only reason none of that happened was because I believed she was safe. I thought he loved her. I thought all of his hate and brutality was saved for me. I bore what I had to so she could have both her parents. But in the end, I couldn’t take it anymore; I had to leave, and she was coming with me. If only I’d known sooner…Oh, Jasper. If only I’d known sooner!”
Emily wasn’t even aware that a tear had slipped past her resolve until, without any warning at all, his fingers were there upon her right cheek. She sucked in a tiny gasp, the blood rushing to her head. But she didn’t recoil; she remined utterly still as, with great care, almost as if she might break under his hand, he wiped the moisture away.
Her heart switched gears, forgetting the blistering hatred she harbored for Clinton. She was overcome now with a totally different kind of heat—a liquid fire, deep in her belly that joined the force inside her that guided her to him, kept her at his side.
Her cheek smoothed dry now, Jasper’s hand hovered just above it. The excuse to touch her was gone, and she felt a blade of disappointment pierce through her. But when he lowered his fingers again anyway, the backs of his knuckles easing over her healing bruise, warmth flooded her senses anew.
For this was not like the first caress. It was not just meant to console her or show compassion. It was also explorative, reverent—affectionate.
“You will never have to worry about placing yourself between Clinton and Clara again,” he said to her. “I would be the one to kill and die for her first—and for you.”
“For me?” she whispered, feeling faint.
He nodded. “If it came to it, I would not think twice.” His gaze studied hers. Then his fingers stilled, and he frowned. “You are looking at me like I have shocked you again.”
She wanted to lean her face into his palm. Anything to keep his hand where it was. “You have.”
“How?”
Other than caressing my face like I am made of fine glass?
She sighed. “I understand why you feel you could make such a noble sacrifice for Clara; she is a child and entirely helpless. But me?”
“Why not you?”
“Jasper, I…” Her pulse fluttered. “I don’t feel worthy of it, I suppose. You barely know me, and—”
“Not worthy? Barely know you?”
His hand returned to his side, and he lowered his face toward her. A lock of his hair tumbled loose from where he’d fastened it behind his neck. The strand fell like a swatch of chestnut satin across his scars.
“Angel,” he said roughly, “don’t speak to me of your unworthiness. You are worthy of the entire world and everything good that’s in it. And as for my not knowing you—how can you not tell? You are all I know anymore. There is nothing here for me to know ever again but you. You’re everywhere, in every moment with me. So if ever I am faced with a situation where I must surrender my safety in order to preserve yours, I’d do it. I’d willingly run to death for you. I’m as good as dead if anything happens to you anyway.”
Emily’s entire body quavered in the wake of his words. The candle’s flame flickered, and he caught her by the elbow, steadying her.
“Emily, are you all right?” he asked, his voice still steeped in heavy emotion. “You look pale.”
“…I’m fine.”
She felt his fingers tighten against her, holding her now instead of just supporting her. He seemed to be on the verge of saying something more, of doing something more. But he did neither. He merely held on, and she let him, echoes of his words humming over and around her like a melody.
Good heavens! Was he always so passionate when he spoke? So clear and direct? She could spend a lifetime reliving his heartfelt confessions. And if she was better equipped to speak right then, she would have told him so. She would have told him that he’d become a part of her too. He was now stitched into the very fabric of who she was, woven inexorably against her heart. And it was there that she would always be able to conjure his face and hear him speak impassionedly to her—and call her angel.
Angel.
It was the second time he’d called her that. And as before, he’d said it so easily, almost as if he hadn’t even meant to say it at all. It’d just slipped out. Natural. Thoughtless. Is that how he thought of her, then? As an angel?
“I understand I have overwhelmed you,” he said, his face retreating a little. “But I must be honest with you, Emily. Especially now that you have taken such pains to encourage me to open up to you. It is impossible for me to become closed again.”
“I don’t want you to ever become closed again,” she breathed.
“A relief to know—and yet, if ever there’s anything I say or do that upsets you, tell me so. I have no wish to make you feel anything but happiness, which is all you say you want for me as well.”
She inhaled. “Of course,” she said, exhaling again. “And I, too, will endeavor to remain forthcoming with you.”
“Good.”
“Okay.”
“…All right, then.”
Jasper blinked and let go of her elbow. On unstable legs, she turned away and walked down the hall. His steps fell in time with hers almost instantly.
“I think we left Clara unsupervised for too long,” she said, thinking aloud because she wasn’t yet ready to be alone in her head.
“Clara is fine,” he told her. “She settled into a chair as soon as she returned.”
Emily entered the library, Jasper at her side. And she discovered straight away that he was quite right. Clara had climbed into the imperious chair behind the desk and was presently waiting there.
The girl’s large eyes located them at once. “Finally.”
“You didn’t think we left you, did you?” Emily worried.
“No. I knew you were talking in the hall.”
“Did you?”
“Yes. I could hear you both whispering again.”
“…You heard us?”
“Not what you were saying. Just whispers.” Clara leaned her elbows on the desk, cradling her chin in her hands. “You two do that a lot.”
Emily felt herself blush.
Clara’s gaze shifted. “Where are you going, Mr. Duvane?”
Emily stiffened. Going? She looked over and found him across the room. But when he began hauling two chairs over to the desk, she relaxed again. She sat herself when he offered her one. And then his voice dropped not too far from her left ear, making her jump.
“I wonder—when will you trust that I am not going to disappear again, Emily?” he mused.
Clearly not expecting an answer, he then placed his own chair beside hers and sat down. Emily didn’t know where to look. So many feelings were undulating through her body. She was going to have to focus extremely hard if she wanted to get through the rest of the evening.
Clara scooted forward in her seat. “What game will we play?”
Emily realized she was still holding both the candle and the silver card box in her hands. She placed them on the desk and then opened the box’s delicately hitched lid. “There is a game I had in mind. It is not anything so popular as some of these other games people like to play, like Whist or Piquet or Speculation. But it is rather easy, and it’s one I played often with my parents in the last years of their lives. It is called Snip-Snap-Snorum.”
“Snorum?” Clara cried. “That sounds silly. All right. Teach us!”
Emily smiled at her, then glanced at Jasper—and blushed at once when she caught him studying her throat and shoulders again.
Before he could look up and realize she’d noticed, she refaced the desk and focused all of her attention onto the task set before her. She began shuffling the cards. Then, with a sense of forgotten familiarity, she dealt them all out.
“Now,” she said, “peek at your cards, but don’t let anyone else see them. As you do, put them all in order. For example, if you have two fours, place them next to each other, and so on.”
“Do this with all of the ones that match?” Clara asked.
“Correct. This bit of organizing will help the playing go more smoothly.”
Emily was the first to finish, and she sat back, waiting for Clara and Jasper to finish as well. It struck her then that they both held their cards in a similar manner, neither of them really knowing how to grasp so many at once. The reason behind this was surely one of two things: either Jasper was just as inexperienced as Clara and had never played before, or he simply hadn’t played in so long, he was unpracticed. Instinct told her it was probably the former; he’d already admitted to not knowing how to dance.
She liked that she was the first one to teach him. It was an honor, really.
“Ready now?” she asked after a while.
“Yes,” said Clara.
Jasper nodded.
“Okay. So, the object of the game is to get rid of all your cards. You, Jasper, are to my left. And being left of the dealer means you go first. You will start what is called a trick by playing any card of your choosing and placing it onto the desk.”
His brow furrowed endearingly. “Any card?”
“Any and all that match.”
He put down the nine of diamonds.
“Now, Clara, it is your turn,” Emily said. “Do you have any nines?”
Clara held up the nine of spades.
“Place it atop Mr. Duvane’s card. This first match is called the Snip. And as you play it, you must say it aloud.”
Clara grinned. “Snip!” she said, putting her card down.
“Now,” Emily said, “in every deck, there are four of each number or face card. So, four nines are going to be passed out in total. When one of us plays the third nine, we must say Snap. The fourth card is called Snorum. I have the last two nines. So as I place them down—” she did so promptly, “—I’ll say Snap, Snorum.”
“Snorum,” Clara giggled. “It is such a funny word.”
Emily smiled at her. “It is. And that is basically the gist of the game. We must get rid of our cards as quickly as we can, and the first person to do so wins the game.”
“It sounds more like a game of luck than skill,” Jasper pointed out.
She tossed him a chiding look. “Then you better hope you have more luck than I. Because I always win Snip-Snap-Snorum.”
“Always?” Clara cried.
“To this day, I am undefeated. My parents actually learned to accept they would lose before the game even began.”
“I will accept no such thing,” Clara said, lifting her chin.
Emily laughed.
“Yes, that streak ends tonight,” Jasper notified her, and when her eyes flew to him, he started the next trick, placing down three fours. “Snip, Snap.”
Clara immediately threw down the last card, the four of diamonds. “Snorum!” she laughed.
Emily’s raised both eyebrows, her stomach itching with amusement. “I see I have a challenge on my hands. Very well, let us see who has the most luck this round. Go!”
With relative ease and speed, they took turns adding cards to each new trick. And every single time anyone said Snorum, Clara would cackle in merriment. Toward the end, the game picked up speed. Emily sensed Jasper was becoming more and more determined to best her, and the very concept thrilled and charmed her.
For some reason, she hadn’t expected it from him. Perhaps awkwardness or even a level of disinterest. But not willing competition or witty banter. Part of her wanted to lose on purpose, just to see what his reaction would be.
When her cards dwindled down to three, she surveyed her opponents. “Clara,” she said, “it is your turn to start the trick this time. Mr. Duvane had the Snorum in the last one.”
Clara giggled and narrowed her gaze on the seven cards left in her hands. She placed down the eight of hearts. It was Emily’s turn now, and she hesitated to play her hand, feeling a little sorry for Clara. Poor girl. She couldn’t know; the eight of hearts was Emily’s lucky card…
With an air of calm victory, she placed her final cards onto the desk—the last three eights in the trick. “Snip, Snap, Snorum!” she announced. “I win.”
“What?” Clara exclaimed. “You won? As in you won the whole game?”
“That’s right. I played all of my cards.”
“Drat.”
“It’s all right, darling,” she laughed. “You played wonderfully. And it’s just a game.”
“One we are about to play again,” Jasper said, tossing his leftover cards into the pile. He sat back in his chair, disgruntled.
“My word,” she murmured with a rush of delight. “I see I am not the only one who is competitive.”
“Apparently not.” He shot a look at Clara. “What do you say, Clara? Should we play again?”
Clara’s smile added a blinding brilliancy to the room. “Oh, yes.” She handed over her last few cards as well. “Mama, we challenge you to another round!”
“Challenge accepted,” Emily said, and she gathered the deck together and began shuffling.
The next round went similarly as the first. And unfortunately for them, Emily took them both out in under ten minutes. She was about to offer some comfort, for she could see another gleam of disappointment shimmer in Clara’s eyes. But then Jasper squashed the gleam by insisting on yet another round. And then another. By the fourth one, he was holding his cards quite well, and he had begun to strategize which ones he played and when. He’d become utterly dedicated to the game, and she suspected now that nothing would sway him from stopping until either he or Clara won. And truth be told, toward the end of the last round, Emily began to feel there was some real danger in that happening.
She had ten cards to his five and Clara’s four. It was his turn. He put down the king of spades.
Clara bounced in her chair. “Oh, I have been waiting for someone to do that!”
“Why is that?” he asked her.
“Because of this…” She spread out three cards on the desk. They were the last three kings. “Snip, Snap, Snorum!” she said with a little peel of laughter. “I wanted the chance to say all three, and now I have!”
“Well done,” Jasper told her fondly. “I see the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means you are like your mother.”
“Not quite. I haven’t won yet; I still have one card left!”
“And I wait with bated breath for you to play it,” he encouraged.
Emily stared at him. She wasn’t sure, but what looked like a hint of a smile edged along the corners of his mouth. It was fleeting, gone in a literal flash. But it was a sight, she decided, she most definitely needed to see again…
Emily played her three aces, starting a new trick. “Snip, Snap.”
Having no playable cards in his hands, Jasper passed his turn.
Clara, however, sat up erect. “Oh, oh, oh!” She slapped her last card down. “Yes! I take it back; I have won! Snorum!” She threw up her hands. “Victory! I have broken the curse!”
Emily laughed heartily, forfeiting her cards. “It wasn’t a curse, you goose. But my congratulations to you, all the same! My parents would be quite proud of you.”
Clara clapped. “Because I broke the curse!” She giggled. “Isn’t that right, Mr. Duvane?”
“I would certainly say so,” he said.
Emily’s eyes swung to Jasper expectantly. And to her amazement, the engaging pull at the corners of his mouth had returned, just as she’d hoped. It was still only a ghost of a smile, but it was there. Rivetingly so. The sight of it distracted Emily so thoroughly, that she made a very clumsy show of shuffling the cards and returning them to their silver box. She winced, hoping no one noticed.
“Well,” she said, “I must thank you both for such an engaging time. Clara, you are a stiff competitor. You learned the game and beat me in a single evening.”
“That’s because I am your daughter, and I want to be just like you, of course. I always have. I love you so very much.”
Emily stilled. She felt Jasper look at her. The room grew quiet, save for the gentle settling of the fire in the hearth. Meanwhile, the significance of Clara’s words hung between them all. It was a moment Emily would not forget.
“I love you too, Clara,” she said.
Clara sat back in her seat, smiling. After a brief pause, Jasper stood, leaving them alone at the desk. He began moving about, tidying things. Realizing he was shutting the room down for the night, Emily rose to help him. When the burning coals were extinguished and the dishes were organized in the crate, he faced her, a single candle in his hand.
“It has grown late,” he explained in a subdued voice.
“I know,” Emily replied.
“I don’t want to keep you too long.”
Impossible, if I am speaking for just myself… “For Clara’s sake, it is probably best we retire to our room now. We still have tomorrow to look forward to, though.”
“It can’t come soon enough.”
Her heart ached. “I agree.”
Clara wandered over to Emily’s side. And together they left the library, Jasper leading the way. When they reached the bedroom, the exchanging of the candle and lingering in the doorway felt familiar—they’d done it once before already.
“Thank you for everything, Jasper,” she said to him meaningfully.
For she really was grateful. Ever so much. And not just for him leaving the walls or creating lovely meals; she was grateful for his willingness to be open, to experience the day with them. He was changing before her eyes, going from reclusive to present, present to engaged, engaged to…to…
Well, she wasn’t sure yet. But he was certainly different. More accessible, more himself. And if all that could happen in one day, what would another day do?
“Goodnight, Emily,” he said, his intense stare tracing her features.
“Yes,” she whispered. “Goodnight, Jasper.”
Emily shut the door. But she did not turn away. She waited there, her hand on the knob, and listened. Finally, she heard it—deep within Valenstone, wood squeaked and groaned. The sounds echoed through the halls, sinking until they were swallowed, and she knew the house had taken him in at last. Then, and only then, did she turn and begin preparing for bed.
Chapter 18

Worth Waiting For


The next morning, Emily arose just before the dawn. She spent the earliest part of it opening the drapery in preparation for the sun, and later scrubbing up a few chemises and drawers before laying them about the room to dry. Then, after washing herself up with rose water, she redonned her nightgown and settled before the mirror to brush out her damp hair. The room smelled of cleanliness and flowers, and she groomed herself with a smile, feeling quite content.
No, much more than that.
She was happy. Blissfully so.
The feeling blossomed from her soul, growing bright and beautiful. It made her hum and sway dreamily, the tune of Forever Yours caught on a reel in her mind. What’s more, as the unfurling morning rays fell upon her cheek, she could see that the remnants of her bruise had disappeared.
It was a liberating sight, as the injury itself had been a final link to her husband—and she was long ready to be rid of it. Now that it was gone, she felt much more like herself again. Like when she’d been younger, before her parents had died, before she had ever even heard of Clinton Mathers.
Just then, the sounds of shifting caught her attention. She stiffened, listening as it seemed the house itself were yawning and stretching. Then all at once, everything went quiet.
Jasper. What are you about?
Emily moved to the door, grabbing her paisley shawl as she went. She wrapped herself in it. Every part of her body seemed in tune with the silence as she waited in wonder. When a sudden knock came at the door, she nearly leapt out of her skin. She pressed her hand to her chest. Beneath her palm, her heart was racing. Jasper was at her door already, and the sun was barely up!
“Hello?” she whispered.
“Open up,” she heard him entreat gently.
Then the house began creaking again. Her brow furrowed. Was he leaving? What in the world was going on?
Upon opening the door, she found the hall to be deserted. Except, that was, for a silver tea tray, which sat just before her feet. Atop it was a teapot, piping hot steam curling from its spout, two tea cups, a sugar bowl, a tin of crunchy sweet biscuits, and a jar of strawberry jam with a serving knife.
Emily’s lips parted in amazement at the delicious assortment. She bent to pick up the tray—and then she noticed two more things sitting beside it. One was a package wrapped with brown paper and string. The second was a folded letter that was tucked safely against it.
A present? From Jasper? She was instantly trembling at the idea.
Emily rushed into the room and placed the tea tray on the table. Then, hurrying back to the hall, she picked up the package and letter with unsteady hands. She shut the door and leaned against it. She held his gift close, needing a moment to herself before she opened it.
Then she was dashing away from the door and fumbling into a chair by the table. Unfolding the letter, she set aside the package. Jasper’s script was bold and simple, and she read his message with hungry eyes.

Emily,
An eternity later, and tomorrow has arrived.
I should tell you now that I have spent an exhaustive evening organizing our day, weaving up a bit of make-believe for us all—most of which you will not see until much later. Do not feel bad for me; I had no hope of resting anyway. I cannot guess when I ever will again. So guard yourself—and be prepared to be shown, in no uncertain terms, just how determined I have become to live in every moment I have you here.
Your morning begins with breakfast and these gifts.
Meet me in the east hall when you are ready. I will be waiting for you.
—Jasper

Emily read his letter three more times before she had the will to place it aside. Then she pulled the package closer and untied the string that bound it together. With shaking hands, she parted the paper and unveiled the present within.
Beautiful colors greeted her eyes: white and gold tufts, smattered with wisps of pink, purple, and blue. To her absolute delight, it was the miniature portrait of the morning sky. So very like the one she’d been forced to abandon at Whitmore.
Emily smiled and picked it up. As she did, she noticed three white cards resting against the brown paper beneath. She surveyed the top one, recognizing the bold scroll that was written over it.
Pumpkin Soup—A Recipe, it read, headlining a list of ingredients and instructions. At the bottom was a delicate drawing of a pumpkin and a bowl of steaming soup.
Emily shook her head, astonished now, for it struck her just how mindful he’d been of things she’d said. She’d spoken of missing the painting at Whitmore, and he’d gifted her with the one from the east hall. And she’d mentioned not wanting to forget the soup recipe, and he’d gone and written it down for her—with exquisite care, nonetheless.
She flipped to the second card. It was the recipe for the roasted apple. And the third, as she’d begun to suspect, was the recipe for the spiced-maple oatmeal. Dazzled, she held them to her heart, cradling them like the treasure that they were.
And then, to her complete disbelief, she noticed something else. Wedged into the back of the painting, hidden partially by the frame, was another rolled up slip of paper. Intrigued, she pulled at it, setting everything else aside. Within seconds, it was extracted and unrolled—and just as quickly, the air became sucked from her lungs.
Jasper…Oh, my God…
Emily touched the paper, her fingertips grazing across the most wickedly beautiful face she’d ever beheld: Jasper’s face.
Drawn in perfect detail, immortalized at last, he looked up at her with mesmerizing clarity. Even the texture of his hair, the severe line of his jaw, the smoothness of his left cheek, and the jagged scars on his right—it was all there, fantastically precise. So much so that some small part of her clenched, suspicious he would somehow move, or perhaps even speak. The likeness he’d managed to portray was just that uncanny!
Her gaze wandered over him, restless. At the bottom of the paper, she noticed he’d written another short message:

For Emily—so I can stay with you, just as you have always stayed with me.

Emily stared at the words, hearing him say them into her ear—a phantom’s whisper. She stroked his cheek tenderly, just as he’d stroked hers the night before.
“Jasper Duvane,” she told the image, full of such tremendous affection for the face gazing up at her, “my dear friend, thank you. Thank you so very much.”
She rolled the drawing up again. Then she tucked it back where she’d found it, sliding it in between the painting and its frame until it was out of sight. She held up the artwork and examined it.
He’d spoken to her about hiding her in paintings, saying it was his way of keeping her safe and concealed, where only he could find her. This was the same for her. He would always be there, tucked away where only she knew to look. And when she missed him or felt desperate, or if she simply needed to feel the allure of his stare upon her once again, she would pull out the drawing and sit with him—and she would remember. In her heart, she would fly back to Valenstone and feel what it was to be in his presence. It was overwhelming and wonderful. And the memory of it would bring her back to herself, to who she was when she was with him.
Looking up, Emily felt the warmth of the morning sun spilling over her face. She stood from her chair and carried her prizes to her carpetbag, where she packed them all away. After securing the clasp, her fingers lingering over the engraved garland and letter D, she resituated herself at the table. And with her eyes cast to the windows once again, the very painting she treasured spilt across the sky beyond, she ate and drank and settled into absolute peace.



When Emily and Clara came downstairs later that morning, Jasper was waiting for them in the east hall. He could hear the rustling fabric of their clothes as they traipsed down to the last step. He scrutinized the hall ahead of him, anxious for them to turn the corner and come into view.
When they did, the rush of relief he felt made him weak. They were like two beautiful seraphs wandering around in search of lost souls—and spotting him, they collectively quickened their pace, determined that he should be pulled into their light.
It was a feeling worth waiting for.
“Hello, Jasper,” Emily said, addressing him first instead of Clara that morning.
He nodded in greeting, trying to hold on to his composure as she looked him over. It was amazing just how much he’d missed being the focal point of those eyes. They held him to her, centering him even as he spun into a dizzy maze of feelings. He couldn’t help but wonder what she was thinking and feeling right then.
He’d heard her door open earlier, and he knew she’d taken the tray and his gifts into her room. But what had she thought upon receiving such things from him? Had he shocked her again? He expected so. But what else? Was she pleased? Did she fully understand the depth in which he’d lost himself while thinking of her the night before?
He’d been unable to sleep because of it.
Indeed, it was well into the middle of the night before he’d finally decided to venture into the east hall and retrieve the painting for her. Then, still restless, he’d busied himself by creating the recipe cards—something he knew she would appreciate long after she left him. Afterwards, he’d paced his room, feeling no less agitated and in need of a way to purge it. That was when he’d remembered telling her how he had never once drawn or painted himself—to which she’d replied by saying that he should.
A preposterous, yet kind suggestion. One that he’d also had no intention of following.
Until then.
And so, eager for an outlet in which to channel his feelings, Jasper had hastened to the ballroom, the only room in the house that had mirrors in abundance, and sat in a chair before his own reflection. And with candlelight illuminating his tormented features, he’d drawn himself for the first time—for her.
It had been a humbling experience, to say the least. In many ways, it’d even been somewhat painful. For with each trace of his pencil, memories sparked and flashed across his mind. He recalled with awful rapidity what it’d been like receiving his gruesome wounds and the toll it’d taken on his body to recover. He remembered fading in and out of consciousness and not being alone whenever he came to.
'Hush now, and don’t move,' a familiar voice from the past said by his ear with haunting resonance.
'We won’t let you die,' another voice crooned.
By the time Jasper had finished the drawing, he’d felt sick to his stomach. But he would do it again if he had to. There were no limits to what he would do in order to make Emily happy. Already, he’d told her he would die for her. And remembering his past had felt a lot like dying.
“Mr. Duvane,” Clara said, coming up to hug him and effectively pulling him from his thoughts, “thank you for the sweet biscuits and jam this morning. It was a lovely surprise.”
He placed one hand on her back and held her in return. “You’re welcome. I am glad you liked it.”
“Mama said you are excited to see us again.”
Emily blushed prettily.
“I am,” he acknowledged. “I have some surprises in store today.”
“You do?!” Clara leapt up and down, her arms still looped about his waist. “Tell us! Tell us!”
“If I do, they won’t be surprises anymore.”
“When will we get the first one?”
“Now, if you like. But you must earn it.”
“How?”
“There is a particular painting I want you to look for. It has a hidden portrait of your mother in it. When you find it, I will reward you with a surprise.”
“Oh my!” She looked back at Emily, whose blush was now spreading down along her throat and past her high collar. “Did you know he has a painting of you in his house?”
Emily’s smile seemed a little mystified. “He told me yesterday.”
“When did you paint it, Mr. Duvane?”
“Years ago,” Jasper answered.
Clara’s brows puckered in puzzlement. “Years? How can that be? Mama said she never met you before we came here together.”
“She was telling the truth; we hadn’t met. But we were in the same room for a while—the conservatory, actually. I saw her, but she never saw me.” He glanced at Emily again. “She became my muse after that.”
“What’s a muse?” Clara demanded.
“A source of creativity. Your mother inspired me to paint. She still does. And after meeting you, Clara, I feel inspired anew.”
Clara’s eyes became as round and large as saucers. “By me?! You will paint pictures of me, too?”
“Conceivably so.” Jasper could tell by the look on her face what she would ask next, so he answered the question before she could voice it. “That means I can fully imagine it.”
She grinned. “I hope I get to see a painting of me before I leave.”
“I will try to make that happen.”
She looked up at him with her usual sense of buoyant excitement. “All right! I’m going to get started now! Excuse me.”
Jasper hung back, watching as she began her search. But then Emily’s slender form moved closer, easing up beside him. And he was soon too aware of her; Clara faded into a faint shimmer of brown curls and black silk in the hall ahead.
“Thank you for breakfast this morning,” Emily finally said.
“You’re welcome,” he murmured, breathing easier now that she’d begun to address what so heavily occupied his thoughts.
“And for your letter.”
“I meant every word.”
She wrapped her arms about herself, almost as if she needed comfort—or courage. “I must also address your many thoughtful gifts.”
“Many? There were just the three.”
“Just the three?” She shook her head, a small laugh tumbling past her lips. “Jasper, you never just do anything. You are deeply invested in every word and action; you are overwhelming.”
“A trait you will need to get used to, as I do not know how else to be when it comes to you.”
She turned toward him, stepping even closer. He couldn’t look at her yet.
“I am not complaining,” she said. “I don’t mind at all. I only hope you don’t mind me becoming redundant when I am with you, thanking you over and over for your kindness.” She sighed, her sugary breath fluttering over him and making his head spin. “But still, even at the risk of redundancy, I must say it again: Thank you, Jasper. I appreciate your gifts more than you will ever know. The painting, the recipe cards, that beautiful drawing—I will treasure them always.”
A knot formed in Jasper’s throat. Beautiful drawing? Of him? It was impossible that she should think so. But it exhilarated him that she felt that way, all the same. It was why he’d made it for her; he knew she would appreciate it, even if he failed to understand why.
Finally, Jasper let himself look down at her—and he was ruthlessly sucked into the depths of her eyes. Forever spun there like some dream he longed to live inside of, where he could lose himself time and again.
“You’re welcome, Emily,” he said again, hushed.
“Oh, Mr. Duvane,” Clara called in a sing-song voice. “I believe I found the painting! Come quick and look! You too, Mama.”
“That was fast,” Emily mumbled.
Jasper nodded. But in truth, he hadn’t actually thought the painting would be that difficult for Clara to find. He’d given her a purposeful hint, saying he’d painted it after seeing Emily in the conservatory. And Clara, as he now knew, was sharply perceptive.
Jasper waited until Emily turned to go, and then he went with her. They joined Clara where she stood, her face tilted as she eyed a painting on the wall.
“This one,” she said, jutting a little finger toward the artwork. “The one up here of the leaves.”
Jasper didn’t even bother to look. “Are you certain?”
“Yes. There is a woman painted into the green. Right there. Mama, you look and tell me.”
Emily leaned close, pretending to study the artwork at first; she knew already it was the right painting. But then her examination intensified, lingered. When she slanted her attention to where Jasper stood several feet away, the awareness in her gaze slammed into him. For he could tell that she’d fully felt, through the painting, just how precious she’d been to him—even then.
“Indeed, it seems you have found me,” she replied at last.
Clara released a triumphant cry. “I knew it!”
“Well done, Clara,” Jasper managed. “Considering she was meant for my eyes only, you have impressed me.”
“Well, I am an expert at investigation! May I get a closer look now, please?”
She lifted her arms to him. He froze, recognizing that she wanted him to pick her up. Then, somewhat awkwardly, he hauled her up against him, trying to mimic the way he’d seen Emily do it before. He wasn’t sure if he was successful, but Clara did not seem to care either way.
“You paint so well,” she said. She turned her face toward him. “I would like to be an artist one day too.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“No one does. Not even Mama. But I think I would be good at it. I like to draw.”
“Perhaps you could show me your work sometime.”
“…Really?”
“Yes. We should draw together soon. I could give you advice if you wish it.”
“Wow.” She turned her eyes to the painting again. “Yes, I’d like that very much.”
Emily shifted a little, coming to stand just to Jasper’s right. Every nerve inside his body reached for her. He comforted himself by holding Clara closer. And they remained there, the three of them, for another moment or two before Clara began to wriggle down from his arms.
“Okay, okay!” she said. “I am ready for the surprise now.”
“Of course you are,” he said. “Follow me, and I will take you to it.” To Emily, who’d become enraptured by the painting once again, he said, “We will need to re-enter the walls. There is no other way to get there.”
She nodded, and he opened the hidden door in the east hall with a subtle brush of his hand over the trick lock. He let Emily and Clara go in first. Then in he went after them. As he shut the door behind them all, it was just in time to see Emily take ahold of Clara’s hand.
“I am right here,” he said to them through the fallen shadows. “I will give you a moment this time to let your eyes adjust. Let me know when you’re able to see me.”
Eventually, Clara looked up at him. “I see you,” she said, her voice quieter in the dark.
Emily blinked, noticing him next. “I do too.”
“Keep near to me,” he said to them both, “and I will tell you when we approach any corners or stairs.”
Jasper turned away. But then fabric rustled behind him—and that sound was his only warning. For Emily’s fingers were abruptly upon him, edging down along the sleeve of his woolen coat. When her hand slid into his, tentatively holding on to him, his whole body reacted—beginning at his very core, with the violent contraction of his heart.
Sweet, merciful angel…
Jasper gritted his teeth and looked back at her. He wanted to pull her forward and confront her right there. He wanted to beg that she always reach for him like this…and never let go.
But Clara was there too, so he did none of those things. Instead, he curled his fingers around hers possessively, communicating without words how he felt. And then he began leading them through the secret passages.
Along the way, creaks in the floor echoed about them. Like the tunnels themselves, they were familiar in a way that only he could fathom. He’d existed with them for years, learning them, recognizing that some were actually specific to certain areas of the house.
When he was alone, he used the drifting noises to be able to dash and dart with unobstructed speed, listening to them for guidance in the near pitch black. Even now he used them, sensing in their resonance that he was approaching a funneling channel of steps that swirled upward.
“We are approaching some stairs now,” he said. “They are on our right. Watch your step.”
He took them into the stairwell, and then they were filing up it together in careful synchronization. As they drew closer to their destination, avidness began gathering inside him. He was taking them to his favorite location in the house—somewhere only he had access to.
When they reached the very top step, he paused before an arched door. “Beyond this door is a place I come often,” he told them. “It is only accessible from the hidden passages, so no one has ever ventured here but me—until now. Being that you two are creatures of the free world, I hope this will restore in you your sense of freedom once again.”
“Oh, please!” Clara cried. “I am dreadfully impatient now. Open the door so I may see!”
Jasper pushed with extra force against the wind that pressed upon the solid oak. Vivid sunlight burst into the stairwell, accompanied by a swift gust of fresh moorland air. He breathed in the scent deeply, his hair ruffling in the breeze as he waited for Emily and Clara’s reaction. At nearly the same time, their eyes widened.
“Mr. Duvane!” Clara gasped.
“Jasper,” Emily whispered.
Clara moved forward first, releasing her mother’s hand and shoving her way into the bright, open air. “We’re outside!” She looked back, wind making her skirts dance. “I thought we couldn’t go outside!”
“Up here you may,” he informed her.
“Up here?” She looked to the sky and all around. “How high?”
He realized then that, being so small, she didn’t have the same vantage point he did over the parapet’s walls, and therefore, not the full view.
“Very high,” he said. “Come here again.” When she returned to him, he scooped her up with one arm and held her against him. “Do you see? Look out there. It’s all of Dunhaven Moor. We’re on a hidden rooftop terrace, Clara. A secret one just for me.”
“And me now too,” she said, glancing down at his face.
Jasper nodded, and she hugged him. Then she slid from his grip again and wandered ahead. He watched her go before looking out at the enormous terrace. Tucked high and secure amidst a cluster of peaked gables, it was well concealed. And through the gapped intervals of the jagged, bath stone parapet, a sprawling view of the moors tumbled below. A sliver of peace mixed with longing wound through him at the sight—as it usually did.
“No one will be able to see or hear us up here?” Emily asked, going with him as he guided her forward.
“No. We are quite safe.”
Her fingers began slipping from his. He glared down at their parting hands, but he let her go without resistance. He knew he couldn’t expect her to continue holding on to him. The moment had already lasted longer than he thought possible anyway.
Still, an odd ache settled into his chest as he watched her edge away from him and up to the terrace’s parapet. The wind whipped over her more vigorously there. Her hair began to loosen from its smooth knot, and ribbons of chestnut tresses fluttered in the air. Her palms lifted, and she braced herself beside the stones.
“Oh, I have not felt the sun and wind on my skin like this in such a long time,” she said, and the wind carried both her words and her scent over to him.
Unable to help it, he joined her by the parapet. There, he studied her in silence. If he thought she was breathtaking by the firelight, she was even more so beneath the sun. The unrestricted light, sky, and open air—like a true angel, she was in her element.
“Peaceful, isn’t it?” he murmured.
“It’s wonderful.”
“It’s the only place I am able to go that’s outside of Valenstone. Otherwise, all I have around me are walls and windows.”
“I am beginning to know the feeling…”
“I know. That’s why I brought you here.”
She turned her face to him, a smile tugging at her lips. “I am about to be redundant again.”
He shrugged, knowing what she meant. “You do not have to thank me, Emily.”
“Oh, yes I do. And at this rate, I fear I may never stop. Just look at this place! Look at the view. It’s unbelievable.”
“I have gained a lot of inspiration up here.”
“For that nighttime painting of the moors, perhaps?” she wondered.
He nodded. “And the morning sky, as well.” He looked up. “We are a little too late for it today—but I can bring you back at dawn tomorrow, if you wish, so you may see it for yourself.”
“Oh, Jasper.”
“…What?”
She shook her head, laughing in that unguarded way he loved so much. “You’d best be careful,” she warned him. “You’re going to spoil Clara and I so greatly that we’ll forever harbor unattainable expectations of everyone we meet. We will measure them all against you; and I suspect none of them will even come close to meeting how highly we think of you.”
“I can’t see the harm in that.”
She laughed again. “So you want others to live in your shadow?”
“It would be a welcome change. Besides, I rather like the idea of you becoming more selective about those you let into your life—and to Clara’s. If they do not treat you as I do, then they are not good enough for either of you.”
“Hmmm, you may be right,” she said. “Very well. Spoil us rotten, then.” She turned her grinning face to the sun and shut her eyes. “Everyone else will just have to get used to being secretively compared to the incomparable. And I will have to get used to knowing I have already met the most wonderful person to walk the earth besides my daughter. Oh, well. So be it.”
Jasper realized he was smiling faintly as well. Again. But he couldn’t seem to avoid it; the urge to smile was growing with every passing moment, swiftly becoming as uncontrollable as everything else he was feeling when he was with her.
“May we stay up here for a while?” she asked.
“Everything else I have planned is for later, so yes; we may stay as long as you wish, Emily.”
“I hope you truly mean that,” she sighed. “Because I don’t think I’ll ever want to leave.”
Jasper stared at her, his soul trembling—just a bit.
Emily, he thought, you say that with so much ease and levity that I do not think you’re aware of its power—or how close it reaches to what exists in me, just beneath the surface. Because the truth is, if I were a more selfish man, I would tell you now that I want the same thing and more. I would tell you to forget Clara’s needs and your own and to remain at Valenstone for good, just so I can keep you. If I cared less for you, angel, I would never let you go at all.
Chapter 19

Give Me One Night


Emily wasn’t exactly sure how long she, Clara, and Jasper remained on the rooftop terrace that day. But it was clear that time had stretched well into the afternoon before any of them even hinted at being ready to head back into the house. The day was without flaw; they were thrust high into the ethers, where only an autumn breeze could reach them. And Jasper, being the ever-considerate man that he was, had done whatever he could to preserve its tranquility.
He’d begun by fetching chairs and a tiny table, which he positioned in the shade for anyone who might need respite from the sun and wind. Then he’d gone and retrieved some water and food, in the event that anyone required nourishment. And later, when he’d vanished again, coming back with, of all things, the toy trunk, Emily and Clara could only shake their heads and laugh.
His kindness was, to them, an extravagance that both amazed and delighted. And it seemed he equally enjoyed lavishing them with attention. Because during the spells of quiet, when he thought no one was looking, he was smiling. And not a half-grin, either. It was a full-mouthed smile that utterly transformed him. To witness it was like watching the sunrise—a brilliant dawn chasing away the gloom of a shadowy night.
Emily could have spent all day up there, secretly observing his happiness as he did what he could to ensure theirs. Eventually, though, it was time to return inside. Clara was exhausted, and the wind had grown cold.
Jasper came to his feet. His long hair rippled loose about his shoulders, and his rich brown eyes brimmed with feeling. He extended his hand to Emily first. Her sadness at leaving the terrace was quickly overthrown by her excitement to touch him again. She reached for him, and his fingers possessed hers in what was now a familiar way—protective and charged with intimacy and heat.
“Time for the next part of our day,” he said to her.
“I am interested to see what that entails.”
“As am I,” Clara said, coming over to take ahold of Jasper’s other hand.
They reentered Valenstone then, and he let Clara walk in front, instructing her when to turn and what to listen for. Soon, they arrived at a new set of stairs and were traveling down them. When they stopped at a door, Emily knew immediately where they were.
The turret room, she mused. I wonder why we are here this time…
Clara entered the room first, releasing Jasper and heading straight for the rocking horse. Jasper stepped through the narrow passage after her. He led Emily up, supporting her as the volume of her skirts made her struggle a bit to enter. When she came into the room, his fingers fastened more tightly to hers—a silent communication for her to not let go yet.
So she didn’t.
She remained at his side, their hands secured together, and looked around in curiosity.
“We are here for you,” he said at last, answering her unspoken question.
She turned a little, facing him. “For me?”
He angled himself toward her as well. “Yes.”
Having spent the entire day on the terrace, he looked windswept and somewhat rugged. There was color in his face and light in his eyes. It was nice to see him like that—and it made her wonder what he would look like after spending time all the way outside, in the grass with room to roam.
She wished she could be given the chance to know. She would have liked to have walked with him somewhere, explored a field or a forest or an ambling country lane. The mansion, however, was the only way they’d experience the world together. Its walls created a sheltered world just for them, and its terrace lifted them to a sky that was expansive enough to let them feel free, even if they weren’t.
“What do you have in mind for me here?” she asked, distracted by the way his thumb traced down along hers—like a caress.
“I want to give you what you asked for the other night,” he answered, his voice very quiet. “The ability to feel like yourself again, as though you are here with me because you want to be and not because you’re forced.”
“…I’ve quite expressed that I feel that way already.”
A small smile pulled at the corner of his mouth, disarming her with its untroubled and carefree nature. “I have a way to enrichen the experience—if you’ll let me.”
She felt herself smile in return, just as she had all day; to be in the presence of his joy was infectious. “I can’t imagine how,” she said. “I am thoroughly invested as it is. There is no world but the one I am in with you right now.”
He inhaled deeply as if breathing her statement in. Then he said, “The trunk that contains the gowns—I want you to go through it and decide which ones you want. All of them are yours to wear for as long as you are here. Unless, of course, you find some way to take them with you when you go.”
Emily stared at him. “Are you serious?”
“Is there a reason why I shouldn’t be?”
“I only meant…well, Jasper, you know those gowns must’ve belonged to Caroline. That makes them precious, indeed.”
“More precious than you?” he replied, not missing a beat—even as her heart missed several. “Emily, do you recall me telling you about Caroline’s wish for her ornaments to be kept on display? It is the same with her gowns, I imagine. She wouldn’t want them sitting in a dusty room, forgotten and never seen again. She wanted people to enjoy what she enjoyed. Take the gowns, Emily. You have a similar stature as hers, so they will fit. She would want you to wear them.” He paused. “I want you to wear them—if it’s something that would please you.”
“…It would.”
“Then take them. Pull them all out and make a mess; have Clara help you.”
Emily’s smile grew until her cheeks hurt. She was dazzled by the thought of seeing all those precious silks, satins, and laces draped freely about the room. “Very well—you needn’t press any further on the subject,” she said, laughing a little. “I have long since grown tired of wearing these widow’s weeds. Color will breathe new life into me!”
“I look forward to seeing it.”
“Where will you be in the meantime?” she asked. “…I should think I’ll be left indisposed up here for a while.”
The idea of parting from him, even for a few hours, took some of the wind from her sails. He seemed to sense that, and before she could spiral into thinking about their loss of time together, his free hand lifted and grazed her right cheek—just like before. Though it was only once and very fleeting, it brought heat rushing to her face.
“Don’t think about time, please,” he beseeched. “Stay in the moment with me, Emily. Just as you asked me to do with you.”
She nodded, her mind spinning. “Thank you for the reminder. I will.”
His gaze moved to where his fingers had been—and for one spellbound instant, she thought he would touch her again. Was there a way to ask him to? Without fainting in the process, of course…
“Your bruise is gone,” he noted. “All the more reason to stay in the here and now and forget everything else.”
“It does help inspire the fantasy,” she agreed.
His thumb danced over hers for a second time, then up farther, over the skin of her wrist—where her pulse was now beating erratically. “Do not worry about where I will be while you are up here. Trust in that I will not be idling away the time; I have some things I need to do before dinner tonight.”
“Okay.”
“…But before I go, I have something to ask of you.”
She waited.
“Just for tonight, do you think we can altogether forgo the subjects of reality and time? I would like it if we could have just one evening that’s unpolluted with such torments. Because time will end on its own, and reality will eventually steal you away from me like the cruel thief that it is; I know it, just as much as you do. But for the rest of the day, I want to forget. Clinton, Westbeck, the fact that you’re leaving at all—don’t breathe a word about any of it. I am happy, Emily, living as though this is my new forever. You here with me like this, Clara just as much mine to protect as she is yours…You have no idea how much I wish such an illusion was real.”
Forever.
The word shot out in between them, invisible, impossible, and yet lodging into Emily’s heart with the solidity of a bullet. She turned inward, reflecting on the way it sat in her chest, searing and undeniable.
Forever? Her and Clara, with Jasper Duvane?
Was that really what he wished for?
“Emily,” he urged, “will you do that for me? Will you help me forget everything? Give me one night.”
“Yes,” she whispered. “And I will forget it all with you; I don’t want to think about reality or time anymore either.”
His expression seemed a little pained at first, but then he sighed, lifting their joined hands to his chest. His eyes blazed with a dark light that caused her to sway somewhat in his direction.
“Meet me an hour after sunset tonight,” he told her, and then he released her. As he turned away, he looked toward the rocking horse. “Enjoy your afternoon, Clara.”
Clara stared at him, perplexed. “Wait! Where are you going?”
He grinned at her. “I have some surprises to finish organizing.”
Then he disappeared into the wall, shutting it behind him. The house murmured and groaned as it took him in. Emily, struggling to adjust to the change in atmosphere, veered toward the red velvet sofa. She sat herself on it just as her legs gave out.
Clara joined her. “So what was the reason he brought us here? Did he tell you?”
“Yes,” Emily said, finding her voice. “There is a trunk full of dresses here that he wishes me to sort through; I may wear whichever one I wish.”
“Truly?! How lucky you are! I shan’t wear anything but black…” Clara paused. “But you don’t look happy—why?”
Emily steeled herself before turning her head in Clara’s direction. She tried to hide the emotions she was feeling; she didn’t want to confuse or addle her daughter in any way.
“Clara, I’m sorry. I am happy—very happy. But there is also a great deal more I am feeling that leaves me…overwhelmed. They’re adult feelings that you need not concern yourself with. All right?”
Clara shrugged. “All right. Feel however you wish. Just know that you don’t always have to hide from me. It helps me to see your feelings, I think—even if I don’t understand them.”
“How?”
“Because then I know it’s okay for me to feel things too. And I do feel a lot of things. Some for the same reasons I know you do…” Clara’s eyes glimmered. “Like leaving Mr. Duvane.”
Emily tried to think of how to reply. But it seemed Clara wasn’t done.
“I don’t want to leave him either. Thinking of it makes me want to cry.” Clara hesitated. Then, looking quite brave, she lifted her chin. “But we are not leaving yet; we are still here! And so is he! So we should only think of that, if we can!”
Emily stared at her daughter—hard. She’d never been given any advice that was purer or more in tune to what she already knew to be true. It was as though her own thinking and reasoning had been extracted from her mind and respoken through Clara’s lips.
Jasper’s too…
They were all syncing, aligning. It was just what she needed in order to feel centered again.
“You are remarkable, Clara,” Emily said, a little awed. “Such a light of positivity. Hold fast to that trait; it’s an invaluable one, indeed.”
Emily pulled her in for a hug. And with her heart lifting with excitement, her spirit turning its back on everything beyond the walls of Valenstone, she looked at the trunk of gowns.
“All right, then,” she said, smiling. “There’s treasure in here we must uncover now. Let’s get to work!”
Emily and Clara both left the sofa and eagerly moved toward the trunk. Together, they sank to their knees and opened the lid. As before, a fading organic scent unfurled from inside. Emily took out several gatherings of the cloth-wrapped herbs and flowers and set them on the table behind her. Then, grasping the first fragile gown, she stood, withdrawing it from the trunk.
A sigh of appreciation escaped her and Clara at the same time. Oh, it was even lovelier than Emily had thought! Its amethyst skirt was tiered into four full flounces. Its neckline and capped sleeves were draped with sheer lace. And the bodice was finely boned and beaded with pearls. With quiet elation, she laid it over the sofa, letting the fine silk air out.
As Clara caressed the fabric with adoring hands, Emily stooped to retrieve the second dress. It too was an evening gown, and it was made of taffeta, woven with purple and white plaid with threads of gold. Its neckline was flared wide, its sleeves, dainty. And its skirt was smooth and plentiful.
“It glimmers, Mama! There’s gold in it!”
“I see that. How tremendous it must look shining in the candlelight…”
Emily placed it down beside the first gown, leaving it to Clara’s fawning, and returned to the trunk. After removing more wrapped herbs, she withdrew yet another evening gown. This one, she noticed, came in two pieces, a bodice and a skirt. The fabric was brocade, the pattern, blue and white floral. The bodice was laced in the back, and white tulle trim lined the neckline and shoulder-barring sleeves.
“So exquisite,” she said, and she draped it beside the others.
She refaced the trunk. Next came out two airy day dresses. Both were long-sleeved, yet different in material and color. One was embroidered white silk organza with pleated tulle, and the second was cotton, patterned with a green and white paisley print. Clara bounced with jubilation as they too joined the ever-growing pile.
Back at the trunk again, Emily removed the final gown, another one intended to be worn in the evening. Immediately, she sensed its delicate condition, and so she held it with careful reverence. And she knew at once that it was her favorite.
Its silk taffeta was the shade of the clearest blue sky, and it was so soft and luxurious, it reminded her of spun sugar. It possessed a V-waisted bodice with silk lacing. And it had short, shoulder-baring sleeves and a low-scooping neckline, all of which was trimmed with ivory lace and satin.
“I like that one,” Clara said breathily from beside her.
“I do too,” Emily agreed, and she took the confection of silk, satin, and lace to the sofa.
Standing back, Emily reviewed the six gowns with growing wonder. She had no idea which one to try first…Perhaps her favorite. Or, no. She should save that one for last. Perhaps her second favorite, then. The amethyst one…
“Look, there is more in here!” Clara cried out, hovering over the open trunk.
Emily went back again and peered inside. Sure enough, there was an assortment of glittering accessories laid along the bottom. And with Clara’s help, she placed them, one by one, onto the table. There was a drawstring reticule, a set of white silk gloves, ivory satin slippers—which looked just a hair too big—and a few ornate hair combs.
Emily tapped her finger on her chin and took a few steps back. The display before her was tempting. Each item was sumptuous and expensive.
“Clara,” she said, “let’s open the windows just a little so these gowns can be given some time to air out. Then I believe I should start trying them on.”
“Magnificent idea,” Clara said, clapping her hands. “You are going to be so pretty tonight! I can’t wait to see! Thank goodness for Mr. Duvane!”
Emily eased forward and ran her hands over the blue silk. Thank goodness for Mr. Duvane, indeed! Because while she might be a jumbled mess on the inside, there was one thing she knew to expect on the outside: she was not going to look like a woman in mourning that evening.
Nor would she feel like one.
How nice it was going to be, set free from black at last…
Chapter 20

A Night of Make-Believe


“You look perfect, Mama.”
Emily turned from the dressing mirror. Her insides were raveled up in knots, and she twisted her white-gloved hands in front of her to help relieve the tension. It had taken awhile—two hours, to be exact—for her to properly air out the gowns and try them on. Since then, she and Clara had returned to the bedroom to wash and get ready. It was now time to make their debut downstairs.
Trouble was, Emily was so nervous she didn’t know what to do with herself. She didn’t fool herself with reasons as to why she felt as she did, either; she accepted the truth. And it had much less to do with the gown and a great deal more to do with having dinner again with Jasper Duvane—the man who possessed her every thought, filling her mind with the image of his face and the whispered word forever.
Restlessly aflutter, Emily turned and took in the sight of herself in the mirror, patting at the skirt of the sky-blue gown she wore. She’d known she loved it as soon as she saw it, of course. But she hadn’t made up her mind to wear it until she’d tried it on. From the finely draped sleeves, to the corseted back, to the gathered skirts, it was a masterpiece. One spun of dreams and magic.
If only she could get her head on straight so she could act like a woman worthy of wearing it; at present, she felt more like a trembling waif instead.
“Can we go now?” Clara asked.
Emily forced herself to nod. “What of Bessie Doll? Won’t she join us?”
They both looked at the doll. Its raggedy head poked out of the carpetbag, just above the engraved clasp.
“Not tonight, I think,” Clara said.
Emily lifted her eyebrows. “Oh, I see. Only big girls tonight.”
“Bessie Doll understands; I cannot be with her all the time.”
“How considerate of her.”
“I thought so too.”
Emily grabbed a lit candle, blew out the others, and then they entered the winding corridor beyond the bedroom. Emily made them walk slow in the candlelight—even though she was beyond tempted to rush ahead, as Clara surely was too. When they came upon the landing, Emily expelled a long, butterfly-filled breath and walked into the view of the entry hall.
Pearlescent moonlight poured through the colored glass overhead. She looked up at the angels depicted in the dome. She could not see them well at all, but she knew they were there watching over her. Their presence gave her both comfort and strength.
“Where is he, Mama?”
Emily surveyed the room. She didn’t get the chance to answer, though. A velvety voice eased from the obscurity below.
“I am here.”
Jasper eased into the silvery light with the fluid grace of someone not of that time or place. She felt startled at first, as though she really was looking at some sort of specter or apparition. But the ghost of Valenstone Mansion was not as he seemed; he was alive and real…and currently, he was also studying her with a ruthless sense of concentration.
She stared right back at him, struggling to separate the gentle, humble man she knew from the striking prince downstairs. He was familiar to her, yet also quite changed. He wasn’t even dressed in his typical attire. He wore a gleaming black suit, a sharp white shirt and waistcoat, and an equally crisp white necktie. His heavy brown hair was clean and freshly combed. And once again, he had it tied back by his neck, away from his face.
He was beautiful.
Tragically, forbiddingly beautiful.
Emily edged closer. Hold on, my heart, she thought, transfixed. Just keep beating—and take me to him now.
And with that, she started gliding down the stairs, supported by his avid gaze every step of the way.



Jasper had the strangest sensation. It felt like he was falling, but he knew he was standing stock-still. Unstable in a world that swayed and moved without him, he watched as Emily and Clara came down the stairs together.
They were incredible, the pair of them.
But Emily…
She stood out like a fair and shining star, one torn down from the heavens and placed on his darkened staircase. It was the most beautiful he’d ever seen her. And it made his head spin to think he’d considered himself prepared for it.
He most certainly was not.
Wrapped in a flowing mass of light blue silk that was decorated with jeweled pickups and spun lace, she stole every bit of his breath. He couldn’t think, couldn’t move. He was hollowed out, save for the ever-fierce and present beat of his heart.
Must she always unman him like this?
It flustered him beyond reason. More so than usual, because he couldn’t afford to feel this way tonight; he was intent on moving through the next few hours with confidence and conviction. He’d thrust them all into this moment, demanded that they take it and live in it together. Now he needed to follow through.
Clara. Focus on Clara!
Jasper severed his gaze from Emily and, desperate, fixed it on Clara. She too looked freshly done up and new to him, despite the fact that she wore the same dress as earlier. She was glowing with happiness, her hair braided with a large black bow at the back. And as she hurried down the last four steps and rushed toward him, he managed to bend to one knee and catch her.
With her in his arms, the sense of alleviation he sought was immediate, and he smiled into her hair. She was so genuine and engaging, so completely charming. Knowing what he did about her past, it amazed him that she wasn’t somehow more stained by her father’s darkness. Then again, she was not born of pure evil; her mother was light itself.
“Are you well?” he asked by her ear.
“I am.” She startled him by placing a sound kiss against the smooth side of his face. “Are you?”
He sighed. “Much better now that you are here.”
“I like your suit, Mr. Duvane. You look very fine in it.”
“Thank you.”
“Look at Mama. Doesn’t she look fine tonight, too?”
He let his gaze slide up to Emily. The world trembled around him again. “She truly does.”
“She is nervous.”
“…Is that so?”
“Yes,” she said. “I think she is worried what you will think of her.” She patted him on the shoulder, as if in encouragement. “I told her she looks pretty, but you should tell her too. It may help.”
He glanced at Clara, struck by that intuitive statement. And he knew she was right. If Emily was nervous, then he needed to be strong for her. He needed to do whatever he could to assure her that she was safe, not just in his home, but in this moment with him.
Touching Clara’s face, he said, “Good advice,” and he pulled himself upright again.
Readjusting the lapels of his sleek black coat—one that he’d long since taken from the master bedroom in order to preserve it—he tried to bring himself back to the feeling he’d had when he’d first put it on.
It had marveled him, how altered he’d felt in it; like he was suddenly reborn, strong and without blemish. He had not felt like the man in the walls at all, but Valenstone’s honorable master and host.
He needed to feel that way again.
So, donning as much of an air of confidence as he could, Jasper faced Emily boldly. And he examined her with open admiration. He would tell her what he thought soon enough, but for now, he wanted her to see it in the way he looked at her.
When she came upon him at last, he met her eyes in the candlelight. She smiled, looking both shy and hopeful. Remember her, his soul insisted. Keep this moment, and remember her.
“Hello, Jasper,” she said.
Her voice—it mollified him further, even as it sent his heart pounding again. “Hello.”
Her eyes twinkled with something he’d never seen in their depths before. “The gown fits, just as you said it would,” she said, and she pulled back her glistening skirts to show him one peeping toe of a white satin slipper. “These fit too, mostly. They’re a little big, but I don’t mind.” She hesitated. “Will you tell me, though—is it strange to see me in Caroline’s things?”
“Not at all. I don’t remember her in them; she didn’t even own them very long before she passed.” His gaze swept over her again. “But I have little doubt everything looks better on you, anyway.” Her blush had him coming forward a step, feeling somewhat earnest in his need to say more. So he braced himself, and then continued, “I should tell you now that I have always considered you unreasonably lovely, Emily. Sometimes it’s hard to think straight in your presence; you distract and complicate my mind. But tonight, you are something else entirely. To see you as yourself, as you feel inside—I am quite undone by it. You’re so very beautiful, and it’s both a pain and a pleasure for me to look at you. But more than anything, it’s an honor. I am a humbled man standing before you right now. I mean it.”
Jasper’s heartrate had tripled by the time he’d finished, but God, he felt better! To say such words aloud—it felt good and right. He needed to tell Emily that he found her beautiful, and he needed to do it often. Perhaps not every time he thought it; he would speak of little else. But she was the most exquisite woman he’d ever beheld, and she had no idea he felt that way. It was unfair, to be honest.
Emily flashed him a dazzling smile, and it seemed she needed a few seconds before she could speak. “Gracious, I’ve lived twenty-five years and never received a compliment quite like that before,” she breathed eventually. “Thank you—again. And you speak of unreasonable beauty, and yet look at yourself. I likened you to a dark prince in a fairytale when I first saw you in your suit. You’re exceptionally handsome, Jasper.” Her white-gloved hand came to her chest. “Truly—I don’t think you give yourself enough credit. I had to focus on every step I took to keep from falling down the stairs and landing at your feet.” She smirked, appearing both playful and genuine. “How is that for humbling?”
Dark prince? Handsome? Fall at his feet?
Really?
His attempt to weave a little make-believe was working better than he’d expected…
“You are generous to say such things,” he said a bit roughly.
“Your candor has inspired my own; I meant every word.”
Starting to feel nervous again, he took ahold of Clara’s hand and squeezed it. “Right, well, let us not forget this dark little flower with us, managing to outdo us both. How fortunate are we to have her here?”
“Oh, quite fortunate,” Emily agreed.
Clara grinned, giving her skirt a dainty swish. “Well, thank you, Mr. Duvane.”
“Ready to eat now?” he asked her.
“Yes! I am so very hungry.”
“Good. Dinner is ready.”
Jasper reached for Emily with his other hand, impatient to touch her. She came forward, her arm extended. But instead of taking his hand, her fingers hooked about his elbow, and she pulled herself close to him. When the fragile length of her body was pressed against his side, longing blazed to life inside him, burning his eyes and singeing his breath. He had to look away to keep the effect hidden.
Without a word, he led them from the entry hall to the east side of the house. Her candle illuminated the way—a securing amber glow that encircled the three of them like a celestial orb. When they reached the closed double doors of the dining hall, he released Clara’s hand and took ahold of one brass handle. Emily, he kept against him, not yet ready to relinquish her.
“Clara,” he said, “you mentioned your desire to eat in the dining hall. You wanted something grand. So here we are, just for you. Mind you, the room is not as spectacular as it once was, but I hope it will do.”
He flung open one door, then the other. Emily and Clara smiled at the same time, and his face crooked with a responsive grin of his own. The dining hall was almost as large as the ballroom, and until then, Jasper had not cared much for it. It was, in his opinion, an exaggerated attempt to showcase Victor’s extraordinary wealth. From the floor-to-ceiling stained-glass window, to the twenty-foot-long table and intricately carved chairs, the room simply dripped with unnecessary opulence.
Now, however, in his determination to impress Emily, he was glad for Victor’s conceited design. It was striking, even swathed in cobwebs and candlelight. The glittering brilliance was replaced with a dark whimsy, and he found that it suited him much more, considering how Emily had just likened him to a…what was it again? A dark prince?
His smile grew. Dark prince, indeed. It was far-fetched nonsense, but he’d take it over being called a monster any day.
Against him, Emily gripped his arm. He guided her and Clara into the room. To their right, a fire danced in the yawning hearth. At the far end of the table were three silver place settings. And scattered everywhere else were several shining candles. Not too many; he still couldn’t allow for an excessive amount of light to be produced. But he’d lit enough to generate the inviting ambience that he wanted.
“Is it grand enough, Clara?” he asked.
“Oh, it is!” Clara cried.
Emily looked around in awe. “You don’t mind eating in here, Jasper? I’d thought it might be too much for you.”
“Not tonight.”
“Normally, though?”
“This room, like the ballroom, is not one I ever had any reason to utilize,” he assented. “Others used it, but not myself.”
“So you really never once dined or danced with your guests?”
His throat closed. “No, I never did, Emily.”
He slanted a look in her direction, praying she hadn’t been told differently by someone else—someone who had been in attendance at those events. Explaining his way out of that particular conundrum was not on the agenda for the evening.
Eager now to distract her, he pulled her to a stop. He took the candle from her hand as Clara skipped ahead. “You won’t be needing this for a while,” he said, placing it on the mantlepiece which, like the furniture, was carved with griffins and cherubs. Then he directed her to the table. He pulled out one of the chairs for her.
She analyzed the seat at first, then the glittering silver trays and matching lids. Noticing the dark red liquid in two of the wineglasses, she met his eyes. “You have wine? I didn’t know that.”
Jasper could see that tiny amber starburst in her irises again. He felt privileged to see it each and every time, as it was only discernible when she was very, very close.
“I do,” he replied. “Not much, though. I don’t normally drink. But I thought I’d make an exception tonight.”
She didn’t say anything.
“You may have water, if you wish,” he said.
“No, no,” she argued, a little tremble in her voice. “Wine will do just fine. In fact, I think it’s just what I need.”
Jasper studied her closely. “Sit, please,” he prompted.
Emily smoothed out the skirts of the blue gown she wore, seating herself. He scrutinized her from above, enjoying how the fabric shimmered. He was glad she’d given in to him and agreed to pick a gown. He was glad she’d chosen that one specifically. It appeared made for her. Almost as though it’d been packed away in that dusty turret for years, waiting for her to come and claim it.
He walked around her to his own seat at the head of the table and sat down. Clara was already clambering into the chair on his right. He grinned at her enthusiasm.
“You should make a toast,” she declared as she gazed down the expansive table, then up at the vaulted ceiling.
“Any suggestions?” he asked.
“Plenty. But I won’t say. It’s not my toast; it’s yours.”
He shifted in his chair, uncertain.
“It doesn’t have to be long,” Clara offered. “Just a couple of words about what you’re thankful for.”
Jasper raised his wineglass. “That’s easy enough, then,” he said. “I will toast to friendship—and its many restorative powers.”
Clara waved her wineglass about, water sloshing over the rim. “Hear, hear!”
A small laugh shook his chest, catching him off guard. He darted a look at Emily. She flushed and took a sip of wine. He did the same, wondering wildly what was going through that mind of hers.
“Let’s eat,” he said, and he pulled off the silver lids of their trays, starting with Emily’s, then Clara’s, and ending with his own.
Dinner that night consisted of four dishes, which were arranged on their trays so that they could be enjoyed simultaneously. There was salt-cured ham, heated and flavored with sugar and juniper berries. And there was also a hearty vegetable soup, roasted chestnuts, and sliced apples drizzled with spices and honey.
It was, hopefully, an impressive assortment, seeing as he only had so much to work with. But in truth, it wasn’t what’d taken him the longest to prepare. There was more coming. Things that’d helped create his maddened state the night before, keeping him awake, plotting and planning. But Emily and Clara didn’t need to know that. Not yet, anyway.
“Apples!” Clara exclaimed.
“The last of them, I’m afraid,” he said. “So enjoy them.”
“When will you get another shipment of food, again?” Emily asked, gazing wondrously at her dinner.
“Not for another week.” He sensed her concern before she could voice it. “We will be fine until then.”
Picking up her spoon, she dipped it into the soup. “Jasper, this looks amazing—as usual. We are so lucky to have you here with us.”
“The same can be said on my end, I assure you.”
Her face looked warm as she tasted the soup. “It’s delicious.”
“So are the apples,” Clara commented, her mouth full. “Splendidly wonderful.”
Satisfied that he’d pleased them, he settled his spoon over his own soup. The meal was hot and fragrant, and he found he enjoyed it even more while watching them consume it. Clara, of course, ate all of her apples first. Her passion for that treat was as compelling as it was amusing. Emily, meanwhile, took her time, sampling each of her options in turn, rotating around her tray. First, she had some cured ham, then a little soup, a chestnut, some apples, and then around again she went.
He adored the way she tasted and savored everything. It was with so much appreciation, so much care and notice. She seemed fully invested in the moment—quite as he’d pled for her to be.
Indeed, there was something different about her that night, altogether. Something other than her attire. A new feeling or thought simmered beneath the surface of her smile and glances. He wasn’t sure what it was exactly, but it seemed positive enough, and so he was glad it was there.
When their bowls and plates were finally emptied, he refilled Emily’s wineglass before adding more to his own. Then he sat back in his chair and sipped at the heady drink, letting his mind grow a little fuzzy. Clara mimicked him by cradling her water-filled glass, sighing.
“Full, Clara?” he guessed.
“Very,” she answered.
“You look sleepy, as well.”
“I am not sleepy. Not at all.”
Despite her indignance, she yawned. He lifted an eyebrow at her.
“Well, even if I am,” she mumbled, “I am not going to bed. I wouldn’t want to miss whatever it is you have planned for us next.”
“You think there is more?”
She stared at him. “Isn’t there?”
He waited, taking another sip from his glass, just for added suspense. “Of course there is,” he said at last.
Her face brightened. “I knew it! What is it? Can we go there now?!”
“We can, if your mother is finished with her meal.”
Emily blinked as everyone’s attention collectively turned to her. “I am finished.”
Jasper nodded, and his fingers flexed against the rim of his glass. He felt his confidence slip again, just a bit. What he had planned next was not something he’d been certain he would follow through with. It wasn’t until a few hours ago that he’d finally decided that he would. The concept left him feeling a little sick, but he knew it was something he needed to do—at least once. He would never get the chance again.
Drinking the last of his wine, Jasper came to his feet. He helped Clara get up first. Then he rounded the table and pulled Emily’s chair out for her.
“I need to shut down this room before we move on to the next,” he told her.
“Okay,” she said. “I will gather the dishes into the crate.”
“I will put out the fire.”
“And I’ll blow out the candles!” Clara joined.
They worked quickly then, the three of them, and when only the solitary flame of Emily’s candle burned on the mantlepiece, Jasper called Clara forward to him. He stooped to speak with her privately by the hearth. He could feel Emily peering over at them as she finished with the dishes across the room.
“Would you like to help me?” he whispered to Clara after entrusting her with the details of the private matter at hand.
“Yes, yes!” she said, grabbing his hands in excitement.
“You are sure you don’t mind?”
“No, I do not mind at all. You may count on me.”
“Do you think your mother will be pleased?”
“Very.”
Jasper stood to his full height. He felt deep and profound gratification as Emily came directly to him, sliding her arm around his, just as before.
“Is everything all right?” she asked.
He winked at Clara. “I hope so.”
Clara giggled.
Emily looked back and forth between them. “You hope so?”
He gave an awkward shrug. “Just bear with me on this next part,” he warned her.
Curiosity danced across her features, but she played along and, thankfully, asked no more questions. Handing the candle to her, Jasper took ahold of Clara again and led them into the hall. His nerves caused his skin to tingle and a slight perspiration to form across his brow.
As they moved through the moonlit entry hall and into the winding west hall, he did his best to boast himself with encouragement. It wasn’t really working, but the mental self-talk was a sufficient enough distraction. When he pulled Emily to a stop again, he faced her as bravely as he could manage.
“In the spirit of make-believe,” he murmured, “I want to try my hand at something a little unusual for me.”
“More than eating in the dining hall for the first time?” she teased.
“Actually, you’re rather close in that guess. This is also something I’ve never done before.”
He released Clara and shoved open the double doors in front of them. The ballroom spilled into view, mirrored candlelight reflecting from the six-tiered candelabras that were placed throughout. He watched her expression as understanding dawned over her. And when she turned her face up to his, her eyes shining like dark glass, he saw again the change in her. Its sudden blinding presence sent him tumbling inwardly, spiraling into a forever that, even if it was real and his to cherish, it wasn’t big enough to hold him; he still wanted more.
“Will you dance with me, Emily?” he asked.
Jasper’s heart left his body as soon as the words were out. It beat and trembled before him, taking the shape of the woman on his arm. The woman he wanted to possess and set free with equal force.
“As if I could refuse you, Jasper,” she said, her voice soft with feeling. “Yes, I will dance with you. Six years later, and I finally have the chance.”
Chapter 21

Forever Yours


Emily held on to Jasper as he led her to the center of the ballroom. Somewhere along the way, he found a place to deposit her candle for her, but she couldn’t be sure where. She didn’t see much of anything other than him just then.
“Keep in mind my lack of experience,” he said as he eased them to a stop and turned to stand before her. “You must forgive me if I am clumsy or awkward—and I suspect that I will be both.”
“You’ll do fine,” she said with gentle confidence. “Besides, there is no tempo to follow except the one we set for ourselves.”
He scoffed at her, his brow furrowing. She bit back a laugh, for the expression made him look nervous and sweet—and charmingly boyish.
“You have more faith in me than I do in myself,” he mumbled. “But I am committed to try. Anyway, we won’t actually be setting our own tempo. Clara will.” He tossed a glance toward Clara, who now stood beside the heavy emerald drapery. “Ready, Clara?”
“I am, Mr. Duvane.”
Emily looked over at her daughter, astonished.
“I am going to sing your favorite song, Mama.” Clara lifted her chin several notches. “Mr. Duvane asked me if I would like to, and I said yes.”
“Oh, he did, did he?”
Just then, Jasper stepped forward, and an intimate sense of heat fell against the small of her back. His hand. He was cradling her spine, pulling her nearer.
“Yes,” he said softly. “I did.”
Emily’s smile faded as she looked up at him, and suddenly she couldn’t think at all. Her body, though, had a will of its own; and guided by instinct, it conducted her movements for her. Her left hand lifted to rest upon his shoulder. Her right hand slid into his opposing one. She became almost leveled against him. And once there, she felt a powerful and fierce determination to stay there—for good.
Oh, heavens, was this the forever he’d spoken of so ardently in the turret room? The very one that’d struck her with profound accuracy? If so, no wonder he was disinclined to leave it. She herself could easily stay in it with him, lost and oblivious until the world fell down around them.
Emily let herself lean into him further. Just a little more than what was appropriate. She didn’t think he would notice; but then his hand began shifting against her back, gliding upward against the constraining laces of her bodice—and he pulled her even closer still. A deep well of complicated emotion opened up in his eyes.
“There,” he said. “Just as it should be.”
When Clara began to sing the first lines of Forever Yours, he began to move her in a twirl. Initially, he was as he’d warned: a bit unsure of himself. But it didn’t take long at all for his conviction to take ahold of his feet. Soon he was moving her about with unexpected deftness. Round and round, he spun her, sending her blue skirt whirling like a bell.
She could tell he’d been watching for many years. Enough to where, even though he hadn’t danced himself, he knew the movements; he’d studied the steps.
Emily was instantly lost between worlds. In one, she was in an empty ballroom, simply dancing. In the second, she was cast high upon a cloud, Jasper’s face gazing down at her burningly as he held her against him. And in the in-between, was Clara, singing to them, guiding their movements with Emily’s favorite song—one she wished, with all her heart, would never end.
So she clung to the moment with both hands, just as she did to the man in her arms. In a daze, she spun with him, listening in wonder to the last few verses of the song…and her spirit lifted in response.

“My heart has awakened in bright recognition.
I loved you in a life gone by.
Now I’ve found you once more, and it seems the affliction
was one we had never let die.

So should I lose you again, ever, my love,
know I will always stay true.
I’ll have faith and trust in all that’s above.
Fate will guide me straight back to you.

But how could I know, the path I’d be taking,
the heights my heart could soar?
I’d thought I was free, but I was only waiting.
I am now and forever yours.

You are mine. Yes, it’s true.
Don’t fear, love; I’ll find you.
I am now and forever yours.”

Emily felt Jasper slow to a stop, but her heart continued to waltz on without him. Her lashes fluttered, and she didn’t quite know how to bring herself back again. So she waited, clinging…desperately trying to think of what to do next.
Should she say something? Step away? Curtsy? Thank him for the one-millionth time?
She wasn’t sure about anything anymore…
Weak, Emily remained as she was, looking up at him. Savage emotion darkened his features, twisting his scars and lending him the air, not of a prince that time, but of some impassioned scoundrel—and right then, she couldn’t help but wonder just what he was capable of.
Or how much she would allow…
Oh God, I can’t allow anything! Where is my mind?! Clara is here! I have to speak. I have to say something to break this spell!
“You dance very well,” she said in a throaty voice she didn’t recognize.
“Liar,” he whispered.
She shook her head. “No, I mean it. You should have tried years before now; you would have surprised yourself.”
“Even if I’d had the chance, I wouldn’t have bothered.” His hands gripped her more firmly. “My first and last dance was always meant for you.”
His words unraveled her, and Emily did the first thing she could think of: she turned her cheek and pressed it to his chest, to the thundering heart beneath, and leaned against him. A precarious decision to make, indeed, considering their heightened state of feelings.
She couldn’t regret it, though.
Pulling her hand from his, she tucked it under his arm and around his body. Her other hand lowered from his shoulder, sneaking around him in a similar fashion. Then, with her fingers splayed against the wide breadth of his back, she held him close to her. And when his arms came about her, holding her in return, her eyes slid shut.
Home.
The word reverberated through her. Yes. This was what being home felt like. It was necessary and safe, an environment rich in affection and comfort. She could search the ends of the earth and never find a place that made her feel like the center of his embrace did.
Jasper tensed a little as Clara stepped up to them. “Oh, that was like living in a dream!” she announced. “You two were so beautiful!”
Over the lapels of Jasper’s fine coat, Emily gauged the sincerity of her daughter’s reaction. She seemed honest enough, affected only by the dance and not the emotional embrace she was witnessing. Even still, Emily knew it was best to reinstate some distance between herself and Jasper; if she waited any longer, she wouldn’t have the wherewithal to try.
Slow and cautious, she lifted her head from the solid wall of his chest and withdrew herself from his arms. He let her go, and the unguarded distress in his eyes was enough to make her want to rush back again. She only barely resisted the temptation.
And as she stood there, her senses returning, she wondered what she was supposed to do next. Something had obviously changed between them. It was an intangible thing, something permanent, and it was growing at a most steadfast rate. He knew it too. They’d felt it in each other’s arms during that waltz.
So now what?
Were they to simply continue on in their temporary normal, just as before? Emily didn’t think she could. She was much too aware of him and how he made her feel. Problem was she had no idea how to go about discussing it. Particularly as it would only further complicate things for them when she left Valenstone…
“I wish the song was longer,” Clara told them. “I could have watched that all night.”
“That makes two of us,” Jasper grieved in a quiet voice, making Emily ache in unspoken agreement. He turned then, bowing to Clara. “My arms are feeling quite empty now. May I have the next dance, Clara?”
“Yes!” she exclaimed with immediate joy. “Mama, it’s your turn to sing.”
“Oh, I don’t think I can,” Emily confessed, backing away from the dancefloor.
“Yes, you can! You sing with me all the time in this room.”
Clara curtsied before Jasper. He bowed again. Then he took her against him, and she held on to him with all the regality of a tiny princess.
Emily shook her head, not at all feeling up to the task of singing. But how was she supposed to refuse them? She could sound like a woebegone frog for all they cared; it didn’t change anything. She still had to do it!
I guess I have no choice, she thought, surrendering with a small wince. This is for you, Clara. And for you too, Jasper…
Emily began the song, and just as promptly, her discomfiture faded away. For the sight of Jasper twirling with her daughter was mesmerizing. But seeing them together always was. It didn’t matter what they were doing. He had a childlike way about him when he was with her. So pure and inexperienced, yet also protective at the same time. Like she brought out his innocence and his instincts to provide all at once.
Clara smiled as he spun her around the room, over and over again. He too began to grin at her girlish delight, which then had an infectious effect upon Emily. By the end of the song, they were all smiling again. The angst of Emily and Jasper’s waltz was pushed aside, momentarily forgotten, and the former ease of the evening was restored.
“How did I do? Wasn’t I magnificent?” Clara cried as she raced toward Emily.
“You were spectacular, my darling.” Emily praised, pulling Clara fast against her blue skirt. “What a privilege it was to stand here and watch you.”
“Very much like watching you and Mr. Duvane, I am sure!” Clara said.
She left Emily again, running back to Jasper. Her little arms wrapped around his waist—making Emily wish she could do the same too.
“Oh, you were perfect, Mr. Duvane! I told you I wouldn’t laugh at you!”
“I never thought you would, Clara,” he said, stroking a curl that escaped her braid.
She gazed up at him adoringly. “What a special night you have given me,” she said, her tone changing just enough to communicate the depth of her words. “I won’t forget it for as long as I live. And to think, Bessie Doll wasn’t even here to see it! What a shame I thought not to bring her.”
“You will have to tell her about it later,” he suggested.
“I will, you are certainly right. Dinner in the dining hall…dancing in the ballroom! It is a night of magic.”
He looked up at Emily. “It does seem so.”
“Shall we do something else now?” Clara demanded, tugging at his coat. “Oh, don’t say the evening is over yet.”
“I’d be mad to part from you now,” he told her.
“What shall we do, then? Cards? Stories in the library?”
“Whatever you like, Clara. I will leave it up to you. But only after I finish surprising you…”
“Golly, what now?!”
“Come with me to find out.”
“Mama!” she called. “He has another surprise for us! Can you believe it?”
Emily nodded, lightheaded. “Somehow, I can, yes.” She came forward. He proffered his elbow, and she took it fast, a bolt of yearning shooting through her like a falling star.
They moved about together then, blowing out candles, save for the single one she’d carried from her bedroom. That one they took back into the shadowy hall. There, Emily allowed herself to lean on his arm a little, holding him as they walked. Ahead, a faint glow emanated from beneath the library door. When they reached the room and entered it, the light was fragile; only the faintest of fires burned in the hearth.
“Sit and I will stoke the fire higher for you,” he said.
Emily and Clara headed for the settee, placing the candle onto the desk as they went. When they sat down, Jasper shrugged out of his coat and placed it aside. He rolled up the cuffs of his white sleeves, and then he crouched to one bended knee before the hearth.
Emily analyzed him with secret admiration as he worked. The firelight caressed his skin lovingly, with the same tenderness she wished she could. And again, she wondered if just such an element had been the one to harm him also. His scars certainly looked like burns to her. Did it bother him to be so near what’d impaired him? Strange, but it didn’t appear so.
As the flames grew, he stood to his full height. His gaze turned to hers, hooking itself there. “I will be right back.”
He moved to the hidden door, opened it, and stepped over the threshold. She could hear some movement beyond, in the tunnel. He came back out with a pot, which he took to the fireplace and set onto the burning coals.
“What is that, Mr. Duvane?” Clara queried.
“You’ll see in a moment.”
He returned to the wall. When he stepped out again, it was with a covered silver tray, three small plates, forks, and a ladle. His smile had grown, and he looked very mischievous indeed.
“This is part of the reason I was up all night,” he said, heading for the desk, where he then deposited the items in his hands. “This particular treat requires several hours to boil.”
Emily exchanged a questioning look with Clara. “Treat?”
He took the ladle to the fireplace and scooped out a little of the potted contents. “Clara, do you recall what you said about your mother loving sugary delights?”
Clara sat forward. “I do.”
“Which one was her favorite, again? The one you said she could eat every day and never grow tired of?”
Emily’s mouth fell agape. Could it be? Had he really done this for her?
“Christmas Plum Pudding,” Clara said with rising excitement.
Jasper flashed Emily a dark smile. “I thought so.” Removing the silver lid from the tray, he revealed the round, raisin and currant-filled pudding of the holidays. “It’s not Christmas yet,” he said. “But we can pretend it is, just for tonight, if we wish to.” He took a match from the desk and struck it. “Now, I have no holly sprig to decorate it with. We are in luck, however, as I do have a bit of brandy.” He lit the liquid in the ladle. A blueish flame ignited on the alcoholic vapors, and he quickly poured it over the pudding. Coated in the fiery brandy, the dessert glowed before them in festive cheer, bringing Christmastime to Valenstone Mansion in a single moment.
Clara leapt up and cheered. “Mama, he’s amazing! He brought Christmas to us! Look! Christmas Pudding!” She moved closer to watch in wonder as the vaporous flame quivered over the domed pudding. “Wow…”
Emily stared at it from her position on the settee. It didn’t seem real. It was so perfect, like he’d reached into her imagination and conjured it to life. How did he always manage to do that? Clara had made one comment the night before, just one about Emily loving Christmas Pudding. And low and behold, he had taken it unto himself to spin it into existence for her.
His attention to details like that were astounding. It made her feel like she really was the center of his world, his forever. Like she was the most special person alive.
Jasper started walking toward her then. When he crouched before her, his face came to meet hers at eye level. She could see the adoration in his gaze as clearly as if he’d painted it there. He wanted her to see it. Words failing her, she opened her hand for him against her skirts. He took it, and they clasped each other like that for a long spell before either of them chose to speak.
“You,” she said at last, shaking her head a little. “You are truly just so…”
“Overwhelming,” he finished for her. “I know.”
She sighed. “Yes.”
“I’m not done yet.”
“Will you ever be?” she asked on a breathy laugh.
“Not if I can help it.”
Her fingers stroked his, feeling the brutal scars that mangled them. A tender ache pulsated inside her heart for him. “Well, I’ll just have to get used to it, then, won’t I? Isn’t that what you said?”
“Precisely.”
Jasper stood, pulling her up with him. He wrapped her arm about his and brought her over to the desk. Tucked close at his side, she watched as the pudding glowed and shimmered until eventually, the vapors burned away and the flame was extinguished.
Clara looked up at them, a dreamy light in her eyes. “That was pretty.”
“Would you like to eat some now?” Jasper asked.
Her answer was to reach out and take a plate. A small laugh eased from his chest, making Emily smile. She liked his laugh. It was rich and altogether moving to listen to.
He took ahold of the serving knife, and she let him go so he could slice the pudding for them. He gave Clara some first, then a little to Emily. When he walked off and disappeared into the wall again, she smirked at Clara.
“There’s more?” Clara gasped, understanding.
“Apparently.”
Clara took a heaping bite of the pudding, groaning in rapture. “That’s it, Mama,” she teased in private. “He’s too perfect. He’s coming with us when we leave. I don’t care what we have to do to make it happen.”
Emily stilled. The comment resonated inside her, settling into the secret space where she stored all her hopes and dreams. She looked up in time to see Jasper walk back into the room. He had an easel, a sheet draped over it. She recognized it as the one she’d seen in his room all those days ago. She braced herself, knowing already the unveiling would make her emotional.
“What is that?” Clara asked him, muffled with the pudding in her mouth.
“Something I began almost as soon as you arrived here, Clara,” he replied, settling the easel by the fire. “I told you that you inspire me. You and your mother do. I have many favorite moments with the both of you—but this one was a secret one. A moment I felt the need to capture and place here so I may always look at it and remember you, just as you were, right then. It is the last painting I will ever create, as I have no more paint left; I used the last of it on you.”
“Show us! Show us!” she said.
Jasper released a breath, perhaps one that held a bit of nervousness. And then he removed the sheet and stepped back. An image that Emily knew well, only because it lived in her still, was suddenly revealed before her. Painted in tremendous color and detail, she and Clara were holding hands, facing each other as they spun about. Colors swirled with them—bright and vivid shades of red, blue, and green. And the black silk of their skirts whirled about, frozen in mid-movement.
Agog, Clara began walking toward the painting. Emily went with her. They stopped a few paces away and gaped at it in silence. Jasper moved, coming to stand behind them.
“I can hear that image whenever I look at it,” he said, making Emily’s skin ripple with goosebumps. “It was the first time I’d heard laughter in more years than I care to think about.”
She looked back at him then, unable to help it.
He gave her a half-smile. “This is the other painting I’ve hidden you inside of, Emily,” he told her. “Though I didn’t wish to hide you the same way that I had before; I wanted you and Clara both to be with me in living color, clear and very present. So I painted you that way, without bruises or sorrow or fear—you’re here at Valenstone now, indefinitely. And I will keep you in my room, right where I am, so no one will see you but me.”
“Mr. Duvane,” Clara murmured.
“Yes, Clara?”
“Can you come here, please?”
He walked forward, to her side. She handed Emily her plate of pudding just as she turned, shoving her face into his shirt and embracing him quite desperately. It wasn’t until her little shoulders shook with the faintest of trembles that it became clear she’d begun to cry.
Overcome as well, Emily stared at Jasper. He seemed stunned for a second. Then he melted down to Clara’s level, holding her by the shoulders. He gazed at her face with so much concern that Emily felt a swift and brutal pang of longing. Clara’s father had never looked at her like that. Not ever.
“Don’t cry,” he pled, gentle as always. “I didn’t mean to make you sad.”
“I am not just sad for me,” she wept. “I am sad for you. I don’t want to leave you here, Mr. Duvane!”
He pulled her toward him, holding her close. She cried freely into his collar, her arms curling about his neck. He pressed his face against her cheek.
Emily swallowed the knot in her throat. She turned away to give Clara and Jasper a moment alone. She herself needed one too. Setting the plates on the desk, she faced the secret doorway and stared into the blackness beyond.
I don’t want to leave you either, Jasper, she thought. I truly don’t…
Stealing a glance over her shoulder, she found Jasper had come to a stand. He’d brought Clara with him, her arms still about his neck. Her small feet now dangled high above the floor, his arms ensconcing her like iron bands of security and protection.
He met Emily’s eyes. She gave him a shaky smile.
She could tell by the look on his face how disappointed he was. Even with all of his efforts to cocoon them in a dream, he couldn’t keep reality at bay; it’d begun creeping in on them anyway.
“That’s enough surprises now, I think,” he said. “Come, Clara. Sit with me.” He brought her over to the settee, sitting down and cradling her in his lap.
“Read to me,” she sniffed.
Emily hurried to the bookshelf and plucked down The Lost Isle of Jade. She brought it to them, collecting Clara’s unfinished plate of pudding on the way. Clara leaned her head against Jasper’s chest. Her eyes were red-rimmed as she accepted her plate.
Emily watched as he opened the book to the place that she’d last marked it. He began to read immediately. His deep voice moved through the room like some sort of spell, weaving magic and restoring peace.
Picking up her own plate, Emily backed away. She sank into a seat several feet across the room and shook her head, his power amazing her as usual. And as she ate her favorite dessert, nestled not far from her favorite people, she pondered the concept of forever once again. But not Jasper’s version that time—her own. A forever where she lived every day beside him, far away from the moors…in a seaside cottage just big enough for three.
Chapter 22

When Dreams Meet Reality


Jasper had every intention of reading to Clara until she was sound asleep that evening. He was going to read the whole book if he had to, slow and without a tremor. A difficult endeavor, indeed, considering how profoundly shaken he was inside.
Clara’s tears had made for a shocking turn of events. She wasn’t supposed to cry, damn it all; she was supposed to be happy! He’d done everything right, fulfilling as many dreams and hopes as he could in one evening. It’d devastated him when, at the very end, right as he’d thought to make her the happiest, she’d cried instead. What’s more was that her tears were for him!
Him!
He didn’t want her feeling sorry for him. He wanted her to feel full. Full in body, mind, and spirit. Part of his purpose that day had been to do just that. He’d needed to show her and Emily the warmth of a true friend, the very thing they’d asked for. Someone who wished for nothing but the best for them. Not all men hit and yelled and separated mothers from their children. Some men, like himself, were intent only on protecting them, helping them see their worth.
And Emily and Clara were worth everything! They needed to know it and believe it always.
Jasper sighed and continued to read on. Still, though, he was unable to shake his inner turmoil. He was saying the words aloud yet not comprehending them. He had no idea what the story was even about anymore. He knew only that he wanted to make things better; he wanted to get lost in playing pretend again.
Yet even if he managed to, when morning came, what then? What was he going to say? That Clara didn’t need to worry about him when she left? That she had her own future to focus on?
It was a bit too much reality for his liking, having to think about it all right then…
But it was unavoidable at this point. Emily and Clara really were going to have to move on from him, and they couldn’t afford to entertain the trappings of grief. He needed them to understand that.
Emily was going to have everything she ever wanted: to be free from abuse while getting to take care of her own child. She was going to live by the sea again, as she once had. She was going to prosper and be happy, just as she was meant to.
Clara herself was young and possessed a resilient spirit. She would remember him and know, without a shadow of a doubt, that she had been well and truly treasured. Her childhood was going to be spent away from the hands of her father, where she could dance and draw and play. She was going to grow up trusting in her own value and eventually, fall in love with a worthy man.
Perhaps even Emily would too…
Jasper stopped reading. His train of thought had officially derailed, opening far too many pathways for reality and time to creep in on him. And they did. Like venomous snakes, they were now suddenly burrowing into him, eating away at his peace.
He looked over to where Emily sat by herself. Gloveless now, she was finishing her second plate of Plum Pudding, her eyes downcast. His gaze moved over her soft skin, and he began reexamining the potential for her life after she left Valenstone—whether he wanted to think about it or not.
Would some lucky man meet her and realize at once the jewel he’d found?
Would she love him back?
Jasper’s hands tightened on the book. It was a different sort of pain that was breaking open inside him right then. It was black and nauseating. Viciously inexorable. The idea of losing her to a contented life by the sea with her daughter was something he could stand—if only barely. But that she might meet someone else who stepped in to share it with her…
He didn’t know how to endure such a tormenting possibility.
For he knew now what it was to hold her, to be held by her arms in return. He understood that it needed to happen again, and for much longer. He needed to discover the feel of her skin, not just under his palms, but his cheeks and lips too. He wanted to kiss her madly and learn for himself if she tasted as good as she smelled. He craved these intimacies more than he did air in his lungs.
The idea of anyone else craving them as well—and worse, her permitting such liberties to be taken—was a gutting sensation. No one should experience those things but him. He was the man for her in that way. No one else.
And yet, I am not the man for her at all, he thought as he turned his simmering gaze to the painting he’d just finished. I need to accept that some other man may very well swoop into her life and want her. She may grow to feel the same for him; she may want him too. And then she’ll share her secrets as she has shared them with me. He will know her and love her and protect her. They will raise Clara together, who will flourish brightly in a happy home. They may even have more children of their very own…
“I’ve damned myself to an even deeper hell for thinking such thoughts,” he whispered, feeling so very far underwater, he was suffocating. “What a miserable existence I have waiting for me. It is worse than I’d imagined, and I wish I had not glimpsed it so soon.”
“Excuse me?”
Jasper went rigid at the sound of Emily’s voice. He stared unseeingly at the painting by the fire, then again at the book in his hands. “Just thinking out loud,” he managed to say.
He could hear her come to a stand. Sheer panic swept through him, pulling him under further. His state of mind wasn’t stable enough to handle a confrontation. Not at all.
Oblivious to the perilous grip he had on his sanity, she came nearer, setting her plate down on the desk. Then she turned to face him. He averted his eyes to the floor.
“Would you like me to help you, Jasper?” she asked.
The question shot through him. His brows snapped together. Help him? With what? “To what are you referring?”
“Clara,” she answered. “She has fallen asleep on you.”
He blinked several times. Then he glanced at Clara. Sure enough, she was curled into a little ball against him, her face relaxed in slumber. “Oh,” he faltered. “I didn’t realize.”
“Really? I thought that was why you stopped reading.”
He shook his head. “No. That was something else.”
She fell quiet. Then she tried again. “So would you like my help with her?”
“…Are you ready to take her to bed now, Emily?”
“No. I was thinking we could lay her down on the settee for a while. There are some things you and I should probably speak on before the night is over.”
Jasper toyed with the pages of the book, feeling their edges flutter finely beneath his fingertips. What a conundrum he was in now. Feeling relieved that she wanted to stay longer, yet also aggrieved that he must have a meaningful conversation while his heart was open and bleeding inside his chest.
Jaw clenched, he tossed the book aside and resituated Clara onto the settee. She let out a sigh and snuggled into herself. He watched her and found his affection for her lessening his pain again. He wondered, then, if he might not be able to find his way back into the fantasy—at least in part. Maybe if he lost himself in his feelings for her, for her mother as well, then he could border off thoughts of ever having to share them with someone else.
He had to try. Very little was worse than the bottomless suffering he’d just sunk into.
Giving himself a moment, Jasper petted the curls from her face. He tucked her dress about her, fixing all the frills and flounces. Then he turned his attention to Emily’s skirts. He studied the shining pickups that gathered along the pale blue fabric. Upward, he admired her slender waist, her bare arms, shoulders, and throat. When he met her eyes, he pulled himself into them somewhat franticly.
He was safe there, sheltered.
With measured slowness, he stood. She swallowed, her posture changing and becoming less steady. He moved in her direction and then stopped again. Any closer and he’d reach for her—then all hope of having a sensible conversation would be lost.
“I think I owe you an apology,” he said.
“An apology?” she repeated. “For what?”
“For earlier. I saw how Clara’s tears affected you. I’m sorry. It was not my intention to upset her.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Of course it wasn’t your intention. You have been nothing but considerate.”
“And overwhelming,” he pointed out.
“In the most wonderful way. Clara cares about you, Jasper. That is why she cried. When you showed us that painting, it made her emotional, same as it did me.”
“Do you have any regrets about asking us to be friends, now that you’ve seen how she will feel when she leaves?”
“…I thought you didn’t wish to speak about reality tonight.”
He lifted one shoulder in a shrug and crossed his arms. “It’s difficult to avoid it at this point—as I am sure you can sense. Didn’t you just say we had specific things to discuss? I have the sneaking suspicion those things don’t align with my desire to forget our circumstances.”
“You’re right.”
He nodded. “Answer my question first, then—do you have regrets, Emily? Our becoming friends has dragged Clara into our emotional mess. Doesn’t that concern you?”
She sighed. “Jasper, there are some things I simply cannot protect her from feeling, unless I keep her from the source altogether. And I would never dream of keeping her from you, or you from her. You have changed her by being her friend—for the better. It is not easy to lose people we care about. However, you’ve helped heal wounds in her that are as old as she is. Surely, you can sense that.”
“I hope you are right. It is what I want most for her, to grow from all this in the end.” He stared at her, deciding to charge ahead with his own questions before she took control of the conversation. “And what of you?”
“Me?”
“Have you grown from this experience—this development between you and me?”
“A great deal,” she answered, hushed. “For years, I have been surrounded by awful people, and it became easy to forget that decent people exist at all. You changed that for me, Jasper; because when I met you, I was introduced to the epitome of human decency and kindness. I won’t ever get over how wonderful you are.”
Jasper liked that answer. He wondered, if he probed a little more, would she tell him something else he wanted to hear? Would she confess that her marrying days were over?
To ask such a thing was a dangerous gamble to take, considering he would rather forget about it entirely. However, if she told him there’d never be anyone else who could take space in her heart, that she was eager to be free, he would then be set free too; he would be able to re-enter the evening and pretend it was just her and him again—alone together in their private forever.
He decided to be brave.
“Tell me something: do you think you’ve become better able to identify the decent people?” he asked.
“I do, actually, yes.”
“And will you do it as you said you would, measuring them all against me?”
“I will not be able to help it. You’ve placed the mark exceedingly high.”
Jasper was trying very hard to remain in the sanctuary of her eyes. But his newfound anguish was still fresh inside him. It clamored for release; and he was anxious to let it go. “What will you do if you find someone who does measure up—or comes close, at least?”
“Well,” she began, thoughtful, “I suppose an ally would be welcome, indeed. I’ll keep that person close.”
“How close, exactly?”
Confusion began to crowd her expression. 
Frustrated, he dropped his hands to his sides and frowned at her. “Do you think you will ever wish to marry again?” he stressed.
“…Oh, I…Well, Jasper, we both know I couldn’t ever really marry again. Not legally.”
“Pretending, then.”
“Pretending?”
Damn it all. He came forward a step. “Emily,” he said grimly, “allow me to be very plain with you: if you found someone who endeavored to be worthy of you, would you consider living your life beside him, pretending he is your husband and you are his wife? Or are such days of marital constraint behind you?”
She stood still, absorbing the question. Then something began to flicker in her expression. He recognized it instantly as being the same change he’d sensed in her several times already that night. It was there again. What was it? He still couldn’t ascertain it.
Whatever it was, it looked an awful lot like hope…
He scowled. Hope? Earlier, she’d been looking forward to dinner, surprises, and a pleasant evening; he could understand her hope then. But now? They were discussing her marrying someone else!
Was he wrong to have asked? Did she truly want to re-marry, after all?
Jasper steeled himself for her answer. Unfortunately, he had no armor strong enough to save him.
“Yes, I would like that very much,” she said, executing his own hope right then and there.
“You would?” he demanded harshly, flushing.
“Yes. If I found someone who wanted me, and who also managed to earn my trust and affection, I would most certainly be able to spend my life at his side. Clinton has done many horrible things, Jasper, but he has not stolen my ability to love or be loved in return. I would be thrilled if I got a second chance with someone new. I think I would make a good wife—to the right man. Even in a pretend marriage.”
Jasper’s senses were reeling. She could not have wounded him more than if she’d shot him at point-blank range. Hands clenching, he became inundated with heartache again.
He had no one to blame but himself, though. He’d wanted to know how she felt, and he’d gotten his answer. She was open to loving someone and letting him love her. Why had he thought she might say something different? Had he honestly believed she would say no, that it was too risky to entrust her life and freedom to anyone ever again? She was braver than that. Of course she’d welcome a man she felt was worthy.
The problem was that it wouldn’t be him.
“Jasper,” she said, her voice softening.
She came forward until her skirts pressed against him. And even with that minimal contact, she invaded him entirely. It would be so easy to pull her closer to him. Would she let him if he tried? She hadn’t minded embracing him in the ballroom. What if he tried to do more…?
Just then, her fingers came to his shirtfront. She fiddled with his necktie, staring at it as she adjusted and smoothed the fabric. “There is more left to say, isn’t there?” she asked him.
“I don’t feel much like talking anymore.”
She looked up at him.
Jasper knew right then he was going to have to try his hand at having her—just for now, while he could. What did he have left to lose, anyway? Not much anymore.
His mind made up, he laid his hand over hers, holding it where it was. “Emily. I must warn you that I am on the verge of doing something very reckless.”
He nudged his face toward hers. Her lips parted in shock, a small sound lifting in her throat. His free hand shifted higher. He touched the chestnut wave of hair that fell by her cheek, analyzing its lustrous texture. Then his fingers slipped down over the fine slope of her shoulder, around to the dip of her spine. He pulled at her. She was so achingly soft and fragile. He had to will himself to be gentle, to stave off the unreasonable urge he felt to crush her against him.
“I need to say something to you,” she whispered suddenly.
Impatience roiled through him. He’d forgotten she had things she’d wished to say as well. He held himself still as he waited for her to speak.
“Jasper, I know you’re disappointed in the way this evening has turned out; you have worked so hard to lift and secure us where our pasts and futures cannot reach us. But they have found us again, and it is difficult to avoid them at this point—just as you said. So I need you to know that I have been thinking…and I have come to understand and accept something that I want.”
“You know I will do everything I can to give you what you want, Emily,” he told her, his hand easing along the smooth plane of her back, in between her shoulder blades. Satin. She was made of absolute satin. “Tell me.”
Emily’s fingers curled inward, coiling around his necktie and holding tight. He regarded her with as clear of a mind as he could; it was evident she wanted to ask him something serious.
She tilted her face back further, her gaze earnest. “After a great deal of reflection, I have decided, with all of my heart, that I want—”
Jasper slipped his hand from hers and placed it over her mouth, silencing her. Her eyes widened, but he could barely see her. He was listening, straining through the quiet to hear what he was certain was broken glass being roughly kicked aside.
When the noise came again, he squeezed her against him. Cruel fate! They were no longer alone. Someone else was there, in the house with them.
No, his soul lamented. Not yet! This can’t be happening now!
But it was.
The moment between them was shattered, and he pressed his mouth to her ear. “Get Clara,” he whispered. “Someone is here.”
Her body froze, her face paling beneath his fingers. He looked into her eyes again, and he could feel himself sink into the early stages of mourning. There was no time to think about it further, though; he had to get her to safety—at once.
Stealing his resolve to do what he must, he pulled her toward the settee. She collected Clara into her trembling arms. He then hurried them to the secret door and opened it. She stepped into the channel of darkness. In a flash, he then raced back and forth, retrieving the painting, his coat, her gloves, the pudding, pot, and utensils, and placed them all into the tunnel as well.
He looked at her directly. “Go,” he said in a voice that was hardly discernible, and he could see her watching his lips to understand him. “Just start walking in search of my apartment. If you get lost, I will find you later.”
He shut the door on her stricken face and forced himself to walk away. He had things to do and collect before whoever it was that was with them came upon any of it. With quick deftness, he poured water over the fire in the grate. It went out with a gentle hiss. He shuttered it with a solid, wrought iron partition to seal the smoke inside the hearth. The candle was next; he blew it out with one firm gust of breath.
Instantly he was returned to more familiar surroundings: Valenstone, without any light or warmth. Despondent, he stood alone in it and listened, motionless by the fireplace.
Two sets of feet were wandering into the entry hall. Not three. Two. It was Claude and Warren, the servants on the moors, he deduced. Clinton was not with them.
Jasper headed for the hidden door that he’d just sent Emily through. He slipped beyond it, and immediately, he sensed that she was gone. Nothing but a few small sounds up ahead stirred the silence.
Relieved that she was safe and doing what she could to find her way, he darted in a different direction from the one she went. He flew through the walls, down then up again, back to the dining hall, where he then retrieved the crate of food. He set it down inside the tunnel and then sprinted covertly through more tunnels.
The creaks and shifts in the wood guided him, sending him up a set of stairs until he reached the second floor. He eased into the corridor and proceeded toward Emily and Clara’s room. There, he collected everything he saw that he knew to be theirs. Fortunately, Emily had done as he’d requested, keeping her belongings in one location. He needed only to grab her bag, bonnet, and small black boots, and he was back into the walls.
Down, down, down he sank again, her things clutched against him. Her scent teased him in the dark even as it inspired him to work harder, faster. When he made it back to where he’d deposited the crate of food, he put her things into it and picked it up. He returned to where the rainbow painting stood on its easel, just beside the tray of half-eaten pudding. The crate soon joined them.
Then, and only then, did he let himself rest. With a painfully pounding heart, he leaned against the tunnel wall and panted in the shadows. Everything was done. All traces of them were removed from the house. Emily and Clara were secured in the walls with him, where no one would find them.
He let his head hang back, his face tilted to the arched ceiling above. The remnants of the night still clung to him, seducing him. He’d come so close. So very close to having Emily in the only way he’d begun to imagine her: fixed against him in an embrace that left no space between them, their breaths as one, his mouth to hers…
God, his time with her and Clara had thrown him into the heavens, and he’d lived there with them, refusing to look down at the hell below. He’d never been so happy in all his life.
But now the make-believe was destroyed; it was over and lost to him for good. He was cast back down to where an eternity of loneliness was just within reach.
Even still, he knew it’d all been worth it.
Emily was right when she’d told him that it would be; he’d gladly suffer for the rest of his life if it meant he’d gotten the chance to know her as he had. Whatever sorrow came for him now, at least he’d gotten something out of her being in Valenstone—a blissful glimpse of forever, of normalcy and unadulterated joy. He wouldn’t change anything about it.
Except, perhaps, the three days he’d lost with her before giving in…
And the perilous moment in the library that he’d only just been delivered from; he wouldn’t have stood there and let her speak a word. He would have kissed her. Fiercely and without hesitation.
Yes, well, the night isn’t over yet, he told himself, feverish. As soon as these men leave this house, I am going back to her—and God willing, I’ll finish what I started.
He shoved away from the wall and crept through the tunnel, listening for the men again. Where were they now? What were they about, being there without Clinton?
Jasper needed to know so he could inform Emily. She had to be kept abreast with her own circumstances; she would not know when it was safe to leave, otherwise.
He found them rather easily. They were roaming the drawing room, making no effort to be quiet. Scowling, he came to a standstill and opened himself up to everything they said and did.
“Bloody hell, I hate this place,” one of them said. “It makes noises as though it’s breathing and alive. Gives me the absolute willies.”
“It’s just a house, Claude,” the second man said—Warren, evidently. “Houses this big make sounds like that. Especially out here on the windy moors; it’s the wood adjusting and settling.”
Jasper crossed his arms. It was a common and convenient excuse, regarding the house and its dissonant sounds. It was what Victor had always told people any time they commented on it—which had been often, indeed.
Warren’s voice reentered the quiet. “Let’s just do the damn sweep as Mr. Mathers said for us to. Then we can go.”
“We didn’t actually have to come; he wouldn’t have known if we did or didn’t. He’s still in Millwood.”
“For now, he is. But he’ll be done tomorrow—and he wants to come back here directly; he said so himself. So yes, we do have to do it. He said we have to check the mansion before he returns, and we have to bring something back as proof that we’d come at all.”
“We could have gone anywhere and gotten anything,” Claude complained in a deep and tired tone. “We could have probably fetched something from Whitmore, his own home, and he wouldn’t have known. He’s too foxed half the time he’s there to know the difference.”
“He asked for something specific to Valenstone, you jackanapes. Like a painting. For God’s sake, man, didn’t you listen as I read his letter to you?”
“Not really,” came Claude’s grousing reply. “I am beyond weary of his damned letters—and this maddening hunt. We should just let Mrs. Mathers be.”
“What?!”
“Honestly, hear me out: I have worked for the man only a month, but in that time, whenever I am on the grounds, I have overheard him yelling at her. He doesn’t sound very nice to her at all…I can’t say I blame her for leaving.”
Warren began laughing. “Oh, Claude. You don’t know the half of it.”
“…What does that mean?”
“Nothing,” Warren said, his gaiety fading into a faint wheezing cough.
“…Okay,” Claude mumbled. “Can we just pick a painting and go now? We can tell Mr. Mathers we searched the mansion with the dogs and found no trace of her. Maybe then we can convince him to give up this farce altogether and let the authorities help him—as they should, if she’s actually as wicked as he says.”
“Now, Claude, that is definitely not going to happen,” Warren said more soberly. “I have worked with Mr. Mathers for over a decade, and one thing I can tell you about him is that he holds fast to his privacy. If he can handle a situation on his own, he will. No matter the lengths or the cost—as you can clearly see.”
“Well, then let’s at least hurry him along! I am too old for this nonsense. My face is chapped from the wind, my back is stiff from sleeping on the ground, and I need to eat something that’s actually edible before I die. I’m telling you—my stomach is forever changed from consuming nothing but beans and that shit-flavored coffee you make.”
“Claude, cease your petulant whining before I hit you over the head as Mr. Mathers’ wife did to him.”
Jasper felt a reluctant smile edge across his features.
“We didn’t bring the dogs, Warren; already we’ve defied him by leaving them leashed at the campsite. Let’s defy him further. Come on. Look here.” Booted feet marched across the floor. “This one, with the boy and the hobby horse—it is not so big. And that Duvane fellow’s initials are right at the bottom. Excellent proof that we were where we said. Let’s take it and go. No sweep necessary at all!”
Warren grew quiet, and Jasper craned his neck forward, listening expectantly.
“Oh, all right,” Warren forfeited at last. “But take an oath here and now that you will not tell him the truth—even on pain of death.”
“Would you like it written in blood?”
“Shut up. Get the damn painting, and let’s get out of here.”
Jasper sighed as the men took down the painting of the boy at play. He felt a small niggle of sadness in knowing he’d never see it again. But it wasn’t his most treasured piece. That one sat in the tunnel just outside the library, waiting for him to return it to his apartment.
When the men left the drawing room, he followed them. Through the walls he went, stalking them, ushering them onward with the subsequent shifting of the wood that his movements caused. When they reached the anteroom beside the vestibule, glass crunched beneath their boots. They muttered and cursed as they climbed through the window and into the night. Then they were gone.
Jasper sneered, turning away, and was off in a flash. When he reached the pile of things outside the library, he collected the crate, his coat, and Emily’s belongings. He carried it all with him down into the deep center cavity of the house, wondering if she’d made it or if he would need to go looking for her.
He found his door shut, which told him right away that she was there; he’d left it open earlier. He entered the room in silent haste. He was eager to see her, to tell her about what he’d overheard…and hopefully fall headfirst back into the most recent moment he’d lost with her.
To his great relief, he spotted her right away. She was on his bed, beside Clara, their bodies a downy blend of satin skirts, fair skin, and matching brown curls. To his utter shock, however, her eyes were closed tight like Clara’s, as well.
And on her cheeks were traces of moisture.
She’d been crying.
Jasper’s shoulders dropped as he approached the bed, mesmerized by the sight of her—where she’d wept herself to sleep against his pillow.
Angel…no…
As despondent as he was, he couldn’t say he blamed her. It had been an emotionally taxing day. For that reason alone, he decided not to disturb her. Yes, he wanted to speak to her, to hold her against him and express his heart however he could. But not at the expense of whatever peace she’d fallen into. He’d already made Clara cry. Now Emily had cried as well.
He didn’t want to do any more damage to either of their sensibilities that night.
Frustrated but resigned, Jasper tore from the room to retrieve the rest of his things. When he came back, he shut the door behind him and looked around bitterly. His crypt. The angels on his bed did not belong in it. In the morning, he would put them back again—above ground. And then he vowed to steal Emily away so they could finish their conversation. Clinton was coming soon, and after that, she was going to leave Valenstone behind.
Jasper couldn’t let her go without at least trying to tell her how he felt about her.
But in the meantime, while he still had her there in his room…
He pivoted, snatching up his sketchbook and pencil. As he did, he froze again, eyeing the chaos of drawings that were scattered all over the surface of the table. Damn. He’d forgotten about those…
He hoped to God that Emily hadn’t seen them. They were almost exclusively pictures of her, some of Clara—and he’d be mortified if they were discovered.
For they were his real heart.
Which, quite frankly, was too raw to be exposed to the light of day.
He’d much rather explain his feelings in his own words—a carefully constructed revelation that wouldn’t overwhelm her quite as much as discovering just how obsessively often he’d put her face to paper…
Wincing a little, he switched his gaze from the tabled drawings back to her sleeping form. His instincts told him she hadn’t seen them; she’d still be awake if she had. Awake and no doubt alarmed to see her face plastered on nearly every blank sheet of paper he owned.
With that said, he really should focus his attention on putting it all away now. While she was asleep…
He eyed her possessively.
Or he could focus on drawing her again—his muse, who was right there in the flesh before him—and then he could put every precious image away afterward…
Emily first, he thought, pulling his chair over to the side of the bed and propping one leg onto the mattress. With his knee bent upward, he settled his pad of paper there and stared at her, at Clara too. Firelight swayed and popped in the quiet. Then, methodically, he began to draw, easing and mollifying his growing loneliness with every stroke of his pencil.
Chapter 23

A Brush with Heaven


Emily awoke with a start. She blinked in the dimly lit room, trying to orient herself with where she was and how she got there. The ceiling seemed lower than the one she’d grown used to, and the bed didn’t feel like her own at all…
Everything came flooding back at once, then—a violent rush of images and feelings and scents. She’d been plied with fragrant food and drink, spun into candlelit oblivion in the ballroom. She’d been romanced with Christmas Plum Pudding, seduced by a whimsically painted portrait.
She could still hear Jasper questioning her thoughts on the future, on Clara… on marriage.
She also recalled with vivid clarity just how close he’d come to kissing her.
Jasper.
Where was he?
The last thing she remembered before falling asleep was feeling absolutely terrified. And it wasn’t just because of the invasion of Valenstone; it was because life had so abruptly dropped a veil over her moment with Jasper. They’d been ripped apart, shuttered from one another. And she knew that their dream was ending. It’d broken her, and as soon as she’d made it to his apartment, she’d laid down with her sleeping daughter and wept like a baby.
Oh, of all the times for things to end, why then? Why right after she’d come so near to telling him that it’d been his face that filled her mind when thinking about marriage? Be it a real or pretend union, she wanted only him!
Ever since he’d said that delirious, yet illuminative word ‘forever’ in the turret, things had changed. She’d changed. The word had come to live inside her, sprouting roots. When he’d danced with her, her very soul had flowered with it. And when he’d held Clara before the fire, letting her tears dry on his shirt as he read to her, that ache had grown and solidified into an unwavering truth.
She wanted him. Not only as a friend, but as her partner in life. As the man she desired at her side more than any other.
Emily sat up in Jasper’s bed. The scent of him was everywhere, all over her skin now. She’d been sleeping in it, cocooned in his earthy male essence.
She looked around the room. When she spotted him sitting just beside the bed, she released an involuntary gasp of surprise. It took a full moment to realize he wasn’t looking at her, another moment still to see that his arms were crossed, his head lolled to the side.
Oh, Jasper…
He was the one asleep that time!
In a gentle rustle, she got up from the bed. She stood there a short while, waiting to see if he’d wake up. He didn’t. She rounded him, coming to stand right beside him, in front of the dying firelight. She cast an inky shroud over him, but she could still see him enough to study him in awe.
His face was relaxed as she’d never seen it. All of his scars were laid bare, none of them contorted by his expressive nature. And again, as so many times before, she noticed what a handsome man he was. Scarred or not, the lines of his face were strongly formed, lending masculine angles to his cheekbones, nose, and jaw.
Without intending to, her attention wavered to his mouth. Heat simmered low in her belly. His lips looked soft and generous and, even in slumber, very persuasive. His kiss probably would be too…
She hugged herself, and her assessment traveled farther down. He was wearing only his white linen shirt and black trousers now; his boots had been shucked off by the bed, his tie and waistcoat discarded on the footboard.
The broad width of his shoulders and chest moved with his breath. She felt tempted to bend forward and settle herself there, as she had in the ballroom. She wanted to lean into him again, against the scented crook of his neck and chest, which was partially exposed beneath a few undone buttons.
Emily reached out, longing to feel him under her fingers, to discover the full breadth of his scars. In that last second, however, her hand curled inward on itself and she retracted it. She wanted to touch him, but she didn’t know what he would do in response. She trusted him not to be angry with her; but what if she alarmed him, embarrassed him? She had no desire to do either of those things. It was best to let him rest, just as he’d let her rest when he’d come upon her sleeping. After all, he’d admitted to not sleeping a wink the night before; poor man must be beside himself with exhaustion.
Contenting herself to just look at him, Emily drew even closer, caressing him with her gaze. Eventually, she noticed he was holding something against his abdomen. A sketchbook, it seemed. She leaned over him to see what was on it, then frowned. She couldn’t make out anything; he’d faced it toward himself, hiding it.
Biting her lip, she slid the book away from him. Then, with considerable caution, she turned toward the fire to view it better. And her eyes burned instantly.
It seemed she wasn’t the only one who’d been conducting a private examination. Jasper had done one of his own! In her grasp was the evidence, a drawing finished freshly from his hand—of her and Clara. Emily was fast asleep on his bed with Clara curled up beside her. He’d left no detail of their faces and forms unexplored. It was a loving sketch. A possessive one, too. He’d captured them, transferring them to paper with extraordinary artistry. Just as he had on canvas…
Emily looked around the room for the painting. It was there, near the door. She headed toward it. She could just make out a few shapes and colors, but it was too dusky to see much more. And she needed to see more! She felt she’d never grow tired of looking at how lovingly he’d painted her and Clara.
She moved to his table. Finding some matches, she struck one and lit a candle. The room pulsated with a gentle radiance. But just as she was about to pick up the candle and move closer to the painting, the clear view she had of the table stopped her. It was covered in an assortment of papers, all drawings of her, of Clara. Some of them together.
Astounded, Emily touched them in fascination, shifting them aside to view the others beneath. And there always seemed to be another one. Dear God, there were so many! It was like he’d begun drawing as soon as she’d arrived, stealing moments and collecting them for himself. From the very beginning, all those long glances he’d given her were actually him studying her, memorizing an expression or a feeling.
There she was, sitting on the floor of his room, dressed in her nightgown and his coat. And there, in the hall, she was walking with Clara, their dark silhouettes viewed from behind. In another drawing, she was smiling down at a curtsying Clara in the ballroom. In the next, Clara was waiting alone, Bessie Doll pressed to her chest while the rocking horse lingered in the background.
Emily shook her head and looked down at the sketchbook in her hands again. She knew then that she had to resummon the gumption to tell him what she wanted from him. He was so devoted to her and Clara; he always had been. And he deserved to know that she felt the same. She was devoted to him too. So much so that she’d begun to envision him by the sea, where they could start over together, taking care of Clara, side by side. Even if he shot the idea down from the clouds like a doomed bird in flight, it was worth the attempt to set it free.
If only she could get him to confide in her! She would be able to argue against all the secrets that held him down. She would do everything in her power to convince him to choose freedom over entombment, her and Clara over loneliness. She wanted the man of her dreams to become the man of her reality. They belonged together, far away from Valenstone’s towering walls. They deserved a forever that was longer than a handful of days!
“You weren’t supposed to see that,” an emotion-laden voice said from behind her.
Jasper.
Emily whirled around on unsteady legs and a stilted breath. He was still in the chair, but he’d turned toward her. His elbows now rested against his knees, and his hands were in his hair, turning his face to the floor.
“The profound depth of my obsession with you,” he explained. “It was never something you were supposed to know.”
Emily went to him immediately. She pressed her hand to his shoulder, and he jumped a little, startled by her touch. “How could you not want me to know?” she asked him. She held out the sketchbook. “To see myself through your eyes is a magic unlike any other.”
He turned his head enough to see the drawing of her. “Aren’t you afraid, Emily?”
“Afraid? Of you? Of these drawings?”
“Of this,” he said, taking her hand from his shoulder and pulling it down against his chest. His heart was beating powerfully there. “Do you feel that? It does that for you—only you. It beats your name all day, making me think of you constantly, and I draw you constantly because of it. I am enslaved to the torment of needing to see you all the time. I should have known better and kept my madness hidden away.”
Emily dropped the sketch onto the bed and crouched to her knees before him. It forced him to look at her. The anguish in his expression placed her on the edge of confessing what’d so passionately begun to possess her. But words had become difficult to form, and she barely managed to whisper, “I am not afraid,” before losing the ability to speak altogether.
Desperate to prove her feelings, Emily brought her free hand up. She placed it with cautious veneration against his face. The drawn lines of his scars felt like ribbons of silk, and she treated them as such. With all the compassion and affection that she could, she caressed them.
Jasper’s eyes slid closed for a breath of a second. Then he was looking at her again, his gaze ragingly dark. Her fingers fell away, and she leaned forward. She placed her lips against his wounded skin, right where her hand had been. Once. Twice. The hand that held hers against his chest became almost brutal.
“Emily,” he rasped.
She shifted, pressing her mouth to his, and her lashes fell shut. Oh. This. His lips were warm and soft, just as she’d imagined. And to feel them in this way was everything. Every moment had led her to it. A force bigger than herself had guided her there, convinced her of its inevitability.
Sighing, she leaned back a little, curious to see his reaction. But with viperous speed, his hand was there upon the nape of her neck, pulling her back again. He kissed her hard and fast, molding her to him. The unforeseen depth of his need both thrilled and amazed her—and a delicious little tremble moved up her spine.
“Jasper,” she pled, breaking the kiss, “show mercy. We cannot afford to lose ourselves with Clara just over there.”
“It is already too late; there is nothing left of me at all now but this.”
He rushed to stand them both up, one arm wrapping about her waist, his other hand threading into her hair. He kissed her again, stealing away her voice and whatever she might have said next. And when he lifted her against him, moving toward the door, she flung her arms about his neck and held on tight.
Jasper fumbled with the door handle, admitting them into the tunnel. Once there, he pressed her to the wall and let his ardency deepen. His kiss was dangerous, even if he himself was not. He plundered and took, insisted and demanded. And yet she relished the onslaught with an eagerness that matched his own. Because by taking, he was also giving; he was fulfilling yet another need. Her need for him alone.
When Jasper released her mouth, she breathlessly let her head hang back. He kissed her face, her jaw, then down over her throat and collarbone. A groan eased from his chest, the sound vibrating into her. And then he was back again, kissing her senseless with all the passion he possessed.
“Angel,” he said against her lips several moments later, “I have tried to save myself in every way I can think of. I’ve stayed away, listened, yet never dared to get too close. Then I forced myself into the clouds, thinking only of the pleasure of your company. But it seems my time has come at last; and the fall has been tremendous, indeed. There is no more make-believe for me. No more pretending. When you told me you could picture yourself marrying another man, you swiftly took both my heart and soul in one fell swoop. All I can think about now is you leaving—and how it will end me if someone else ever holds you like this.” He slid down her body. When he settled onto his knees before her, he claimed the sides of her waist with his palms. His grip was fixed and furtive, and defeatedly, he pressed his forehead to her abdomen. “I know not what to do anymore. I am sick with grief already. This is so much worse than I feared.”
Weak from both his words and his touch, Emily stroked his hair. “Jasper, look at me.”
He shook his head.
“Please?”
“I need a moment, Emily—forgive me.”
“Well, I’ll say this to you anyway: you asked me those questions about marriage, about finding someone worthy, and I said I could imagine it because it was you who I thought of.”
In an instant, he looked up, his gaze finding hers through the shadows. She caressed his brow, soothing it.
“I cannot picture myself with anyone else but you,” she whispered to him. “It’s impossible. You’re the only one I’ll ever want, Jasper; and to not have you with me will be the end of me.”
He blinked several times, his hands flexing against the bodice of her gown. “God,” he said, “while it eases my pain to know your heart, I find myself conflicted anew; I do not want to think of you suffering even one-tenth of what I am.”
“Must I suffer at all?”
His grip on her intensified. “You say that as though there’s another option.”
“There is another option: leave with me. Let’s find a house by the sea where no one knows us. I could become a teacher if I wish to, and you could paint under a different name. Run away with me, Jasper. Leave this graveyard of memories behind and never look back.”
He stared at her as if she’d just offered him the finest dream of all—and he still planned to refuse it. “I can’t,” he murmured savagely.
A sense of white-hot disappointment unraveled inside her. “Tell me why.”
His eyes narrowed.
She glared right back at him. “Jasper, you’re being unreasonably obtuse. Why won’t you just tell me the truth about your circumstances? You know I won’t utter a word to anyone.”
“It isn’t even about that anymore.”
“What is it about, then?”
“I don’t want you to look at me any differently than you do now. And you would look at me very differently if you knew the truth.”
“So you’re just going to say you won’t have me and not tell me why? I offer you my heart, my very life, and you are going to toss it all away for this?” She flung one hand out at the tunnel they were in.
A small sound lifted in his throat. “Please don’t say things like that to me.”
She dropped her hand to her side. He looked at it, clearly trying to will it back to him again. When she refused, he took it himself and kissed it.
“A half-truth,” he said against her knuckles. “Will that do?”
“It is better than nothing at all.”
Jasper came to his feet again. She stared up at him, putting all of her energy into not throwing herself at him—a difficult task indeed, now that she’d felt the true power of his embrace.
Her hand in his, Emily went with him back into his apartment. He released her in the center of the room. And from a little box, hidden under his bed, he retrieved a folded piece of paper.
“This letter came with the first sack of food I ever received,” he said, handing it over. “Read it.”
Emily took it, and by the candle, she read it raptly:

I see that you are alone now—and yet you are not as alone as you think. Need you be reminded that there are those who know about you, who wish to ensure that you remain as you are…Well, recall it now, and obey this:
Should you choose to leave the mansion and run from your pathetic existence there, death will find you swiftly, as it will find anyone who knows the truth about you who should not.
Were it up to me alone, of course, I would let you starve; the world would be better off if you were not in it. But I am overruled.
You will receive one generous shipment of food to live off of each month. Expect the delivery every first Thursday, by the back servants’ door at midnight. Collect it an hour thereafter in a discreet fashion and with a prayer of gratitude. For you are alive, even when the world believes you to be dead…which you should be.
Our co-conspirator will wait on the back hill for you to bring the provisions inside. He will be far, yet close enough to ascertain if the shipment is taken or not. Once done, he will send us an update on your behalf. Additionally, know that he is no more your friend than we are; and any attempts to make contact with him will be reported to us directly.
Should you for some reason not collect this offering, then we will know something is amiss. And odds are, it will be one of two things: you are either gone, or you are dead.
Again, if it is that you are merely gone and not dead, have faith that it won’t take long to find you and remedy the situation. There are those of us who work with the law, hidden inside it, always watching for you; like wolves in sheepskins, we are everywhere.
No one will help you. And you really needn’t bother running away.
A man with a face like yours could never hide anywhere but the walls.
Farewell and good riddance.

Emily looked up from the letter with a deflated spirit. “Your life is being threatened if you leave.”
“Not just mine, but anyone who is with me, anyone who knows who I am.” He took the letter back, eyeing it before folding it away again. He returned it to a box where there were, it appeared, to be several other letters. “I cannot leave with you, Emily. Your life as well as Clara’s will be in danger if I do.”
“Our lives are already in danger,” she argued feebly.
He shot her an exasperated look. “Additional danger,” he corrected. “Should I ever get my hands on Clinton Mathers, however, I will deliver you from being in any danger at all. And please, don’t speak so flippantly in regards to Clara’s safety. I know as well as you do that you would never allow her to be in danger without it being necessary—like it is with you leaving her father. Being with me puts her directly in harm’s path with new enemies, and it is not necessary at all.”
“…Jasper, does this mean we are not really safe, even now?”
“I was speaking in reference to safety outside these walls. You arrived here in between shipments, and you have remained hidden inside every moment since. No one knows you are here.”
“What if someone else saw?” she panicked. “Someone other than the delivery man, who watches over you, and you don’t even know it?”
“I have been here for many years, Emily. There isn’t a single soul watching over me or this accursed house.” He came a little closer to her. “Whoever wrote that letter is content with the monthly updates they receive about my continued presence here. They trust me to stay where I am—and I have stayed. I am not going anywhere. I never will.”
Emily felt tears burn at her eyes. Her position in pleading for him to leave with her was on crumbling ground. She began wracking her mind, desperate to think of some other way they could be together. “And you won’t try to go to the authorities? I know the letter states there are those hidden within the law, but—”
“My identity is more complicated than you realize,” he said in a vague tone. “As is my situation. Also, I already know how willing these people are to seek my death…or the death of others…”
“They’ve killed someone already?”
He nodded, grimacing, but did not choose to elaborate any further. Instead, he said, “Emily, listen to me—the world wants me gone; that has been made clear to me for a long time now, and I am used to it. Let us just leave it at that.”
“I do not want you gone!” she argued. “Maybe we could just move somewhere nearby. You, Clara, and I—together. You could return here every month, make it look like you’ve been here all along. Receive the food, then go home again.”
“That is not much of a life, Emily. Always rushing back and forth in secret.”
She closed the distance between them. She took him by the shirtfront, holding on to him as she gazed at his face. Heat crept up his neck, and a muscle began ticking at the base of his jaw.
“It is better than living this life alone,” she said. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Yes,” he assented, and he cradled her face in his hand. “But wouldn’t you agree that no matter where I went, I would stand out like a maimed leaper?”
“Don’t talk about yourself like that!”
Something secretive moved across his expression. “Emily, I would be easily spotted in a crowd of thousands. And that makes me even more recognizable to those who know about me. Those people could live anywhere, and I wouldn’t know who they were. They could be in whatever village I end up choosing—or even in a different one and then hear about the scarred man who walks the streets as if he belongs there.”
“Then don’t walk the streets!”
“Very well, if I hid myself away again—how long would that last? In some little cottage like you said, it would only take one mistake, one person seeing me, and news of me would spread. And then my tormentors will come for me…and for you and Clara. I won’t do that; I won’t put you at risk.”
“Jasper, please…” she started but then stopped. She was running out of ammunition.
“What about you, Emily? You can’t hide from Clinton if you are only a few towns away. And if I am with you, neither could I.”
She pulled at his shirt a little harder. “Then we can take care of that awful man together. One less person to hide from.”
“Emily, my angel,” he said, placing a kiss upon her brow, “I would never let you face such a nightmare as that. Now, I, however, could easily deliver that man to the next life—no questions, no reluctance at all. But it would be a delicate balance of timing and situations that would ever enable me to do such a thing—first and foremost being that you and Clara are not around to witness it. Also,” he went on, nuzzling her temple, “if anything happened to me, neither of you would be able to see that either. You would not even know the truth because you’d be gone. Don’t you see? All possibilities point to you leaving and me staying.”
“What cruel insanity,” she said, shaking her head at him as the tears began to fall.
“Don’t cry.” He ushered away the dampness on her cheeks with tender hands. “We knew it would be this way, didn’t we? We agreed to risk sorrow for the chance at true happiness. We got our wish. Now we must endure the agony that awaits.” He pressed his forehead to hers. “I am saying all this for your benefit as well as my own. So listen to me now, and I will listen too: you are going to leave, and I am not leaving with you; it is just the unavoidable truth of our circumstances. And while I will be a broken man once you’re gone, I would trade nothing in the world for these days spent at your side; I will live in them always, Emily.”
Her shoulders began shaking, a sob catching in her throat. He swore beneath his breath and pulled her all the way against him, tucking her head down onto his chest.
“No more of this,” he said. “We must stop. I cannot stand to see you cry. Hush now.”
“How can I hush?” she wept. “We have no more time left together, Jasper! Clinton has come, as we knew he would. I shall have to leave you by morning.”
His arms tightened. “No, you will not.”
“But—”
“Clinton wasn’t here tonight. It was his servants only—one of whom is rather inclined to see you go free.”
She lifted her head to stare at him. “Really? Which one?”
“Claude,” Jasper answered, begrudged. “Apparently, Clinton sends him and Warren letters regularly. His last one instructed them to conduct another search here, to see if they might find more clues as to your whereabouts. He must suspect their wavering loyalty, though, because he wanted them to bring back something specific to the mansion as proof that they’d come at all.”
“What did they take?”
“A painting, of course.”
She winced. “Miscreant rats.”
“It’s all right,” he comforted, drying her cheek again. “It wasn’t my favorite one.”
She sniffed, pressing her face into his hand. “…So Clinton is still in Millwood, is he?”
“For now, yes.” He brought his forehead down to hers again and shut his eyes. “Our time has not run out yet.”
“But it will.”
“Yes,” he whispered.
“…Do you know when? Did they say?”
He seemed to hesitate. “Tomorrow.”
“That’s not much time at all!”
“I know…”
She stared at him. “So this is it, then—the final verdict. Clinton will be here tomorrow; I am leaving afterward, and you are staying behind. Is that it?”
“Our forever is a fleeting one, angel,” he confirmed, grief in his voice. “But it is ours, and we should do what we can to enjoy what’s left of it.”
Emily exhaled a breath, and she reached up to embrace him, her arms going about his neck. Jasper picked her up, letting her slippered feet sway just above the floor. He kissed her then with a slow, fevered passion that mollified some of the pain that ached deep inside her. She didn’t even give a thought for Clara that time, or what the girl might think if she awoke and saw them. Emily was too devastated, and she needed his kiss in spite of everything and everyone.
Eventually, Jasper released her mouth and lowered her feet to the floor again. He brought her over to the dying fire and sat with her in front of it. He seemed determined to keep distracting them both, and so he spoke with her about lighter things, asked her questions about her thoughts and feelings on every subject he could think of. He fed her more Plum Pudding, petted her hair, and dropped kisses on her shoulders as he listened. And when she was yawning more than speaking, he insisted that she change for bed, and he left her alone to do so.
Later, when he returned, she was waiting for him by the hearth in her stockings and nightgown, her hair unbound. She hurried over to him as soon as he opened the door.
Jasper smiled slightly at her impetuosity and took her into his arms. “You are like Clara now.”
“She has always been so much more honest than me. I shall strive to be more like her.”
“We both should. Come. Lie down beside her; it is late.”
He guided her toward the bed and helped her under the thick red blanket spread overtop it. She snuggled up on the edge, facing him. He pulled the chair as close as he could to her and sat down. Then, leaning forward, he kissed her brow.
“Goodnight,” he said, smoothing her hair back.
Her eyelids became heavy. She was so comfortable there, surrounded by his scent and image. “Goodnight, my love,” she whispered.
Jasper sat back in his chair, his gaze filling with questions and emotions.
Yes, Jasper, she thought, her fingers curling into his pillow. You are my love. Because I love you, can’t you see that? With all that I am and will ever be, I love you so very much. And we will not part until you have heard me say it directly.
Emily stared at him, watching as he sat with the word love. She sighed, glad she had something to look forward to. Telling him she loved him would be a gratifying feeling, indeed.
Hopefully, she would get to hear the word in return. He certainly treated her like he loved her. Only time would tell, though. And thank heavens, they still had a little more of that left.
Part 3


“My heart will return me to you, time and again, remembering everything as it is right now…In that way, you’ll never really be alone; for I will always be here, coming and going, though you cannot see me.”
—Emily Mathers

“So you will haunt me forever, will you? You will never leave me, Emily?”
—Jasper Duvane

“Never.”
—Emily Mathers
Chapter 24

To the Sky


A sense of profound warmth woke Emily that morning. It was like a soft, tepid sensation upon her cheek. Then it moved, finding her brow. She stirred, sighing.
“Wake up,” a dark, yet friendly voice said against her ear, followed by more sleek, tender brushes of heat along her face.
Kisses. They were kisses, she realized with a dreamy smile. And the voice—well, it was one she knew without question. It made her feel weak yet also viably alive, and it belonged to the only man she’d ever loved at all: Jasper.
Emily’s lashes fluttered open, and she saw him there, hovering over her in the candlelight. His hair was loose about his face, his gaze trained on her with such amorous intensity that she felt herself rouse into wakefulness faster.
“Hi,” she said.
Beside her, she felt her daughter shift on the bed. Jasper’s fingers pressed against her lips, signaling for silence. Then his hands slid under her, and quite suddenly, she was being lifted away from the blankets and the bed altogether, cradled against him.
“Jasper,” she mumbled, still half asleep.
He kissed her so swiftly that her body and mind were roused even further, humming now with instant adrenaline. Instinct guided her arms around him. It sent her fingers spearing through his long hair until she was clasping his head and holding him to her.
A noise, deep and intimate, rumbled in his chest. He carried her from the room, just as he’d done the night before. When they reached the tunnel, he lowered her until she stood in front of him. The kiss continued, spiraling them into some other place where only they were permitted to go together.
Oh, what a way to wake up in the morning! she thought. To feel every inch of myself come to life like this—I feel like he is going to consume me here and now!
And yet, in so many ways, he truly was.
He was deliberately passionate with her, holding nothing back. Even his hands were restless; they wandered, heavy and searching, over her shoulders, back, and waist. When his mouth broke away to send a fiery trail of kisses down the column of her throat, she was faint, and her head lolled back into his hand, giving him unlimited access.
“How did you sleep, angel?” he asked against her skin.
“Y-you wish me to speak now?” she stammered. “I can’t even think straight. You could ask me my name, and I don’t think I’d know it.”
She felt him smile. “Emily. That is your name.”
“Oh,” she breathed. “Is it?”
“Mmmm. And I asked you how you slept. Will you answer me?”
She exhaled, her fingers lacing together at the base of his neck. “If you would cease kissing me in this manner, I would have the wherewithal to figure it out and tell you.”
A soft laugh escaped him, and he lifted his head. Deep, hungry eyes bore into hers. “There. Answer me now.”
Emily smirked at him. “I think I slept well, yes.”
“You think?”
“I am not really certain. I felt like I closed my eyes, and then the next moment, I am here, with you again. How long did we sleep for?”
“A few hours, at least.”
She leaned against him, embracing him. “I missed you. Even in the blink that I was gone, I missed you so very much.”
“And I you.”
Jasper turned his cheek to the top of her head and rested it there. They stayed like that for what felt like a long time, their forms fused together, hearts joined in rhythm.
“I made breakfast,” he murmured at last.
She nuzzled the scarred skin at the hollow of his throat. “Of course you did.”
“Tea and wheat porridge. It’s still dark out, so your food is being kept hot by the fire.”
“Oh, really?” She stared up at him again. “I didn’t even notice it there. Someone woke me up, swept me out of bed, and kissed me quite out of my mind this morning.”
His grin was sweet, and even a little shy. All the love she felt for him accumulated inside of her at once; she felt as if she would burst from it.
“I wish I had a thousand mornings to kiss you out of your mind—and make breakfast for you, Emily,” he told her.
“Trust me; the feeling is mutual. I will grow very weary of having no one to kiss me at all, not to mention having to cook everything by myself now. Clara will surely resent me for the last bit.” She laughed quietly, even as sadness crept in with the underlining finality of what she was saying. “Poor darling. She will forever find my food wanting now that she has tasted yours. I think I will, too.”
“You did well enough with the pumpkin soup,” he asserted, curling a lock of her hair behind her ear.
“You flatter me. We both know that was only because I had your supervision.”
“You will have it again every time you refer to the recipe cards that I made for you. Use them, and think of me.”
She nodded, her smile beginning to fade.
“I made you a few more cards this morning,” he added. “They’re in your carpetbag now.”
“You went into my bag?” She blushed. “Jasper, I have private things in there. Certain garments you’re not permitted to see.”
His grin came back—and that time, it was positively wolfish. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
At her small gasp, he tilted her chin up and angled his lips across hers, chasing away the dusky cloud that was descending in her mind. The world grew bright again. Even the tunnel couldn’t dampen the glow she felt.
“I want you to get dressed and eat,” he said, as he put his damaged cheek to hers, making her shiver. “Wake Clara up, too. I will be back in twenty minutes. I promised to show you the morning sky on the terrace, and I don’t want you to miss it.”
She turned her face, kissing his scars. “Make it ten minutes. I don’t want to miss it, either. And I also don’t want to be away from you any longer than I have to.”
A look of pain tightened his features. “Ten minutes.”
“That’s all.”
Jasper gave her one long look and then released her, stalking away until he reached the stairs and disappeared. Emily stared after him for a moment. Then she pivoted on her heel and returned to his apartment. Shutting the door, she sized up the room—always a drearier place to be without him in it—and approached the bed.
“Clara,” she said, nudging her daughter. “Wake up.”
Clara opened her eyes, a confused look coming over her. “Mama…why are we in Mr. Duvane’s room?”
“I brought you here last night.”
Clara sat up. “He came back again, didn’t he?”
He.
They didn’t even need to say names or be specific anymore; they both knew who the threat was: Clinton.
“No,” Emily comforted. “It wasn’t him. It was others.”
“The men who came with him before, you mean?”
“Yes. They came and left very quickly.”
“Papa will come soon after. I know it.”
Emily swallowed. She didn’t want to confirm the suspicion; Clara should be allowed to be oblivious and happy while she could. “Well,” she said, “we have nothing to worry about, regardless. We will be kept safe, just as we are now. Mr. Duvane has done a splendid job of ensuring that. Here, look.” She gestured to the pot and kettle on the coals. “He has made us breakfast and will be back shortly. So please, let’s tidy up our things. I will feed you once we are done.”
Clara and Emily both moved from the bed toward where their belongings sat. Clara stopped to stare at Jasper’s painting as Emily rummaged through her bag.
“I wish I could have a copy of this—just like you have one of the sky,” Clara confided in a quiet voice.
Emily looked at her. She didn’t remember telling Clara about Jasper’s gifts. Had she told her? “You know I have a copy of it?”
“I saw it in the bag.”
“Clara,” Emily began, thoughtfully, “I have an idea. Didn’t Mr. Duvane promise to draw with you?”
Clara glanced back at her with interest. “Yes.”
“Well, then you should mention it to him today. Perhaps he’ll consent to draw you a copy of the painting.”
“Oh, Mama! Do you think he would do that for me? Truly?”
Emily smiled. “Darling, I think he’ll do whatever you wish, if he can manage it.”
Everything except leave with us. That is something he can’t manage. So don’t ask it. Keep your chin up and enjoy what time you can with him instead.
With a little less cheer, Emily returned her attention to her carpetbag, withdrawing her clean undergarments. She blushed again as she remembered Jasper’s earlier comment regarding them, and it helped keep the distracted smile on her face.
She didn’t want to think about his inability to go with them anymore; she was exhausted by it. He’d let her cry and wail the night before, fixating on the possibilities that might keep them together. But she was done now. She needed to accept what he told her: their forever was a fleeting one, and they simply had to make the most of what was left of it.
After Clara had folded away her blanket, Emily helped her change from the dress she still wore from the night before into her tartan-pattered one. Then she swiftly changed herself, donning a fresh white chemise and some underclothes.
“Which dress do you want to wear, Mama?”
Which dress? Emily frowned and donned her black ankle boots and then the first petticoat. As much as she loathed it, she couldn’t wear the blue silk dress again. Not ever again, actually. That was a dress made for dreams, and those were over. And she couldn’t wear any of the other ones, either. For they were still in the turret room, and—
Emily went still. The turret room. All those elegant gowns laid about! She’d forgotten to put them away! Should Clinton arrive and search that room, he’d see them, and he’d know that she was still there. Or at the very least, he’d suspect as much.
We shall have to go there today, she decided. We must put it all back as it was before.
“My black dress, Clara—will you hand me the skirt?”
“Your black dress? But why not any of the others? All those pretty ones! Mr. Duvane gave them to you.”
“He did, but they are all the way up in the turret room. Besides, I cannot really keep them. Our bag is overflowing and heavy enough as it is; how would they all fit?”
“Well…wear the blue one, then! Oh, you must! You were so pretty in it.”
Emily tossed a woeful look at the blue silk gown that was folded in a downy pile on the floor, the white satin slippers and gloves laid over top. “No. I can’t take it either, I’m afraid,” she said, disappointed. “Come now. Help me finish. He will be back soon.”
Pouting, Clara helped Emily with her front-fastening corset, petticoats, skirt, and pagoda-sleeved bodice. Emma Wright, the widow in mourning, had officially returned. Fitting, for now Emily really did feel like a widow about to step into a very sorrowful period of her life.
Jasper walked in just as they were finishing. He took one look at Emily swathed in her usual somber attire, and the light faded in his eyes. Emily gave him a sad little nod of acknowledgement and dropped her gaze.
“Clara, sit by the fire, and I will get you some food,” she said, a knot in her throat. “Your hair needs a bit of brushing, as well.”
“Mine?” Clara mumbled, sitting as she was told. “You should see yours.”
Astonished, Emily put her hands on her hips, ready to defend herself. But then she realized that Clara may very well be right. There were no mirrors in Jasper’s room for her to know what she looked like. Self-consciously, she palmed at her hair.
“I will brush it for you,” Jasper proposed, coming farther into the room.
Both Clara and Emily looked at him.
He had the decency to flush a little; the offer was an intimate one—and revealing, as well. But he didn’t seem intent on changing his mind. He went to get his comb from the dresser, and Emily bit her lip, looking forward to when his hands would next be upon her.
“Have you eaten, yet?” he asked her.
She shook her head.
“You’d best hurry. The sun will be rising shortly.”
“The sun?” Clara asked as Emily moved to the fire and filled two bowls with wheat porridge.
“I promised your mother she could watch the sunrise on the terrace this morning,” he explained.
Emily put spoons in their bowls. Then she set to pouring two piping cups of tea, handling the kettle with a mitt she found nearby. “It will be so lovely, Clara,” she said. “It is where Mr. Duvane created the painting of the sky.”
She’d put some emphasis on the word ‘painting,’ hoping to jar Clara’s memory regarding what she herself wished to accomplish that day. Clara’s eyes widened immediately.
“Oh, Mr. Duvane! You made me a promise too. I don’t know if you remember it.”
He came to kneel beside the chair where she sat. “Remind me.”
“You had said you would draw with me. Perhaps give me advice. I would still like to learn from you, if you don’t mind.”
Firelight danced along his scarred cheek as he smiled. “I was hoping you would say that. I didn’t forget, Clara. Yesterday became too full, and I planned on asking you to draw with me today. You beat me to it.”
“Goody! I am very excited now.” She accepted the bowl as Emily offered it. “Will you do one more thing for me as well?”
His smile grew in size and brilliancy. “Probably. What is it?”
“Draw me a copy of that over there.” She pointed at the painting. “It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen, and I don’t want to forget it.”
“Of course. As a sketch, though, it would be in black and white. Is that all right?”
“Yes. I am sure you will still find a way to make it beautiful. You make everything beautiful, Mr. Duvane.”
Emily’s brows lifted high as she ate. Clara, what a sweet and generous thing to say…
Jasper, in the meantime, stared at Clara with a great deal of fondness. Then he stood and, surprising everyone, placed a doting kiss upon the top of Clara’s head.
Clara looked over at Emily with a sunny expression, shoveling a mouthful of porridge past her lips. Her feet began to swing gaily from the chair. “Okay,” she said, muffled. “You may brush my hair whenever you wish to, Mama.”
Emily took a few sips of tea and placed the cup beside her half-empty bowl on the dresser. “Now, actually, is a good time.”
She sifted through her bag again, retrieving her hairbrush. Then she walked around to the back of the chair. After arranging Clara’s curls, she began running the bristles carefully through them.
Not but a second later, she felt heat loom up at her back, and she knew Jasper was there. She peeked at him over her shoulder. He held her by the arms and placed a lingering kiss upon her cheek.
“Look ahead,” he whispered.
Taking a deep breath, she did as he said. He then combed her hair for her with a great deal of patience and tenderness. She found herself shutting her eyes after a while; it was so pleasant and comforting to feel his affection in this way. There was so much sweetness in his touch. And perhaps, if she wasn’t mistaken, some love too…
She sighed. When was she going to tell him that she loved him? It needed to be soon; she knew that. But goodness, it needed to be the right moment, as well. They were important words. The most important words of all. She couldn’t just blurt them, quite like she wanted to right then. But she also couldn’t afford to be too picky, either. Perhaps the next time they were alone, she would find a way to manage it.
Yes, that’s what I’ll do, she thought, a tremble moving through her as he swept her hair aside and pressed his lips to her neck, just below her ear. She leaned her head and body against him. I will tell him I love him as soon as Clara is not right next to us. All I need is one right moment…
“Are you finished, Mama? You’ve stopped brushing my hair.”
Emily’s eyes flew open, and she looked down. Thankfully, Clara was focusing on the last few bites of porridge in her bowl and not the way Emily was pressing herself against Jasper—not very friend-like at all.
“Yes, I am done,” she answered. “Put your shoes on when you are through eating. I will go pin up my hair.”
“Won’t you leave it down today?” Jasper asked her from behind, startling her.
She turned to him. The look on his face, quite drawn and a little starved, communicated she was not the only one affected by their secret caresses. “You think I should?” she asked.
His nod was faint, but discernible nonetheless.
“All right. I suppose it’s probably best, anyway. It’s so windy on the terrace, and my hair will just be blown out of whatever configuration I make of it.”
“All that brushing was for nothing, I suppose,” Clara noted, leaping from the chair.
Emily cast Jasper a private smile. “Not for nothing.”
His eyes darkened, and she could tell he wanted to reach for her. She knew just by the way his body tensed and tilted slightly in her direction. She was learning him, learning all the ways he expressed himself, whether he meant to or not.
It was a privileging feeling, to say the least.
As Clara put on her shoes, Emily took the comb from Jasper’s hand. She set it back on the dresser and wound her arm about his, as they’d done so many times before now. It gave her relief to have him close, and judging by the faint loss of tension in his shoulders, she sensed it was the same for him.
“Ready?” she asked Clara.
“Yes!” Clara cried, fumbling across the bed for her doll. “To the sky we go!”
With the burning coals turning to ash in the darkening room, Jasper collected his sketchbook and tucked it under his arm. Then he took ahold of Clara’s hand. “To the sky we go, indeed,” he murmured, and he led them all from the room.
Chapter 25

A Long Way to Fall


Jasper was in love with Emily.
He knew it without a shred of doubt; every cell within him was injected with it. His body vibrated with it. When she’d kissed him the night before, he’d felt the knowledge shatter over him like stardust. Of course he loved her. He’d loved her from the second he saw her kneeling in the conservatory.
Strange thing, that moment had been, too. How could he love her and not know her? But he had. His soul had recognized hers somehow—quite like the lovers in her favorite song Forever Yours. And while he’d only been granted a few spellbound minutes with her on that long ago evening, he’d learned just enough about her to feel a spark of connection, the sprout of the beginning of love—unrecognizable though it’d been.
Had she not returned to him, filling his days and his hours with her voice and beautiful image, he might not have ever known that love had taken root. Had she not insisted that they remain together, first as friends, then as lovers, the feeling wouldn’t have been nourished, growing into the consuming, almighty thing that barely left room for anything else inside him.
Except, of course, his love for Clara.
That was another thing entirely. It was a different kind of love, not just in its nature, but in its development. Almost as if it were an extension of his profound and ancient love for Emily; it was always meant to be.
She’d been the first to meet him, to look at him without fear. Most often, she’d been the first to greet him with excitement whenever he entered the room. And she’d also been the first to touch him; in her intuitive way, she’d embraced him with all of her affection, as though she’d known he needed it—which he had; he’d needed it very much. It’d helped him time and again. Especially during the expeditious growth of his love for Emily.
So for them, love begot love; it cultivated itself so that more could flourish in new and wondrous ways. They were intertwined now, the three of them. He could not have managed to learn and grow in love with Emily had it not been for Clara. And he assumed it was the same for Emily. The girl had helped them both be unafraid of each other, because she herself feared nothing at all.
Except her father.
And not being able to say goodbye…
Those were her fears—two things he hoped he would be able to deliver her from if he could. Not that the time had come for either of those things. Not yet!
They were still together, and he was not done being generous with them. He’d promised Emily she could watch the sunrise from the terrace, so she was going to. And he’d promised Clara a sketch and a little artistic guidance, so that’s what she would receive. He’d ensure their final day together was spent doing only what they wished, his love for them acting as the current beneath, pushing it into existence.
When they arrived at the rooftop terrace that morning, the sun was just beginning to peek over the ridge of the horizon. The wind had a slight chill, but it was not an unwelcome one; it helped lessen the fever inside him, just enough for him to look up and appreciate the sky as it became painted with a range of colors that should have belonged only to heaven itself. It distracted him from the fact that it was probably the first and last time he’d ever see it with his heart this full.
And God, how full it was!
He was entirely occupied; his very spirit was teeming with love and happiness. He was flanked with his reasons, too—Emily on one side, Clara on the other. Emotion made his eyes and throat burn. He’d told himself once that a brush with heaven had to be worth an eternity spent in hell. If he needed any clarification at all that he’d been right, this was the moment.
To touch heaven, to feel it all around, inside and out, was most certainly worth the life he would lead when it was time to tumble down again. He’d made the descent once already, envisioning what it was going to be like to lose them. It was going to be a never-ending well of suffering that he’d live in. But while he could no longer pretend the end wasn’t coming, he also wasn’t going to spend what time he had left with them in miserable anticipation.
No, he was against the clouds again, two angels beside him to keep him there.
Saying not a word, Jasper’s arm slipped from Emily’s, wrapping low and around her until it found the curve of her waist. He pulled her closer to him. A burst of meadow pipits rushed up from the moorland below. In a smattering of brown and white feathers, their piping calls danced through the morning air.
“It’s like a morning lullaby,” Clara said, holding on to his hand with both of hers. “How pretty it is up here.” She looked at him. “Mama said this is where you painted her favorite painting of the sky…”
“She is right. I painted many things up here. Is it not a perfect place to find inspiration?”
“It is. Should we find our inspiration up here for drawing?”
“Drawing up here is difficult; I know because I’ve tried. The wind can be merciless against things as fragile as paper. We’ll go inside and find inspiration there. Can you think of a room you would like to designate as a suitable drawing space?”
She thought about it, her lips twisting as she looked up at the sky. Then she smiled. “The drawing room! Get the joke? Drawing room?” She laughed.
He grinned back down at her. “I get it.”
Emily held on to him somewhat tighter. “Before we go there, I have a request to make, Jasper.”
Jasper leaned his head against the top of hers; the scent of flowers teased him, playing with the rhythm of his pulse. “Anything.”
“May we stop by the turret room on the way down? Caroline’s gowns are draped everywhere. I should like to put them away, as they were before.”
He nodded against her, a little saddened that she wasn’t going to wear any of the others. She’d looked so spectacular in the blue silk; he could only imagine how she might have looked in other colors and fabrics.
But he understood her decision not to wear them. They’d felt the black caress of doom last night when those men had invaded Valenstone. It no longer seemed appropriate to be dressed in anything other than what she would wear during her departure. She had to be dressed to leave.
“Of course,” he said into the wind.
“I should have thought to grab the blue gown from your room so I could return it as well.”
“No,” he said. “I’m glad you left that one alone. It’s not Caroline’s anymore anyway.”
“I can’t take it with me, Jasper. I do not have enough room in my bag.”
“Then it stays right where you placed it. I’ll never move it.”
He could feel her body turn toward his. And he couldn’t help it; he angled his face so Clara could not see and kissed Emily’s temple.
They remained on the terrace that morning until the golden hues of the sunrise were chased away by the sun’s complete, burning emergence to the day. The sky was now a shock of one single color: the bluest of blues, a shade he found he would forever attribute to Emily and their night of make-believe.
“Ready for the turret?” he asked.
She shook her head. But she said, “I suppose so.”
Jasper understood her sentiments entirely. He wasn’t ready for the progression of the day either. For as each moment transitioned to the next, they were being pushed toward an inevitable future that neither of them wanted. But time was swift; it’d made its presence known to them now. And they could not ignore it.
Pulling Emily and Clara away from the bright open sky, Jasper brought them back into the house, into the walls where, still, a secret selfishness inside him wished he could keep them.



“Mr. Duvane? May I play with your toys again?”
Jasper glanced over at Clara. She stood beside the white rocking horse, stroking its mane as if it were alive and grateful for the attention. “Of course. I don’t see why not.” He pointed to where he’d placed the toy trunk the day before, not too far from where she stood now. “Help yourself. Everything is just to your left.”
“Thank you!” she said, veering away.
“You’re welcome.”
Beside him, Emily knelt before the first gown on the velvet sofa, one with a green and white patterned print on it. She began folding it with care. “It’s such a shame I won’t ever get to wear these, other than when I’d tried them on.” She smiled up at him. “But I am glad for the experience, at least. It was fun while it lasted.”
He stared at her. “May I help you pack them away?”
“You may if you wish to.”
“I can hardly stand here while you do it alone.” He set his sketchbook on the table and moved farther down the sofa, to a white, long-sleeved gown that looked like it would be nice to wear for a walk outside in spring. He could picture Emily in it, sunshine and flowers in her hair. He frowned and began folding it away as she had done with the first one.
After helping her with the last few gowns, he turned away. On the table behind them was an assortment of feminine trinkets. He touched one of the hair combs—a golden butterfly, bejeweled with flecks of blue topaz.
“You don’t wish to take any of these?” he asked her.
“I hadn’t thought about it.”
Jasper turned with the jewel-encrusted comb in his hand. “Come here.”
She came to her feet, turning to face him. He pushed back a heavy swath of her hair and threaded the delicate butterfly into it, holding it in place. A smile pulled at one side of his mouth as he looked at her.
“There,” he murmured.
Her lashes fluttered. “Thank you…”
Jasper swallowed, feeling a rush of heat slide up his chest. Then, driven by pure impulse, he grabbed at her hand. He pulled her out of Clara’s line of sight, behind the grandfather clock and the cobweb-laced chandelier that sat beside it. She let out a breathy sound—one he’d begun to crave hearing, as she seemed to always make it when she understood he was about to kiss her.
When his mouth covered hers at last, he felt his mind slip into a whirl. It was immediately an impetuous, desperate thing, that kiss. And it tasted of passion, of her: warm sugar and flowery essences. It spun him into a divine vortex of feelings that reminded him rather painfully just how much he loved her. He probably would have told her right then, too, had it not meant he had to break the kiss in order to do so.
And he didn’t dare do that.
Not when she was pressing herself against him in such a manner. Not when her hands were lifting and clutching at his shoulders like she hoped to never let him go. He would have been a madman to have relinquished her then. His garden angel. His greatest love…
“Oh, Jasper, I must tell you something,” she began, pulling back.
“God, later.”
Jasper silenced her by deepening the kiss, his embrace turning furtive. He was lost then most assuredly, far away and adrift in his rapturous need to possess her. They, the both of them, could say whatever they wished in another moment…or two…or three. Damn it all, forget it. They could speak as soon as he felt he could stand to go another hour without her in his arms, her soft mouth surrendering to his.
God only knew when that would be.
So holding on to her with all of the love he had inside him, he kept them where they were. He kissed her over and over, compelling himself to cherish her as she deserved—and as he required. He loved her. He loved her so very much…
Jasper sent the word to her, pushing it from his heart into hers. He showed her in the way he held her face, stroked her hair back, and lavished her with affection. He demanded that she feel it, understand and accept it, and God willing, reciprocate it too!
Emily, I love you…In this mad, unforgiving world, you have found me, and I feel like I have done nothing but die a little every day as I waited for you. How could I have ever considered myself alive at all? This is life. Right here. You in my arms, throwing color and light into the dark…
Just then, a loud and unexpected crash jolted him out of his inner whirlwind. He broke apart from her, blood pounding. They stared at each other for a dazed and wonderous half-second before dashing around the clock again.
There, tumbled on the floor, was Clara. She sat with her skirt rumpled about her legs, the striped ball coming to a stop at her side. Near to her was one of the trunks, knocked over, and a wild collection of papers spilled out across the floor.
“Clara, darling,” Emily cried, hastening toward her.
Jasper came swiftly behind.
Clara looked over at them as though she’d just broken the most valuable thing he possessed. “I’m s-sorry,” she stammered. “I didn’t mean to. I was playing with the ball, a-a-and then I fell down…”
“Are you all right?” Emily asked as she lowered herself at Clara’s side.
Clara’s mouth trembled. “…I’m sorry…I didn’t mean to…” she said, not even seeming to hear the question. “I’ll clean it up. Don’t be mad at me, Mr. Duvane.”
Jasper gaped at her. Tears were beginning to form in her luminous eyes. He began shaking his head. He didn’t think he could stand to see her cry again; once was more than enough.
Gently, he ushered Emily to the side, taking her place before Clara. “I’m not mad at you, Clara.”
“You’re…you’re not?”
“Of course not. Why would I be? Because you knocked something over?”
“Well, yes,” she answered. She picked up the ball and pulled it close. “I wasn’t being careful. And now I have made an awful mess of things. I don’t want you to be angry with me. I’m sorry…s-so very sorry. Really, I am.”
The knot inside him turned to stone when he realized the real reason behind her anxiety. She feared his response—because she’d been trained to fear someone else’s responses to such things…
Clinton.
The name sank through him like poison.
Jasper shot a look over his shoulder at Emily, who looked stricken by the same realization. Her lips, which were still rosy from his kiss, dipped into a frown. She turned away and, on her knees, began to clean up.
Jasper refaced Clara. “Focus on me right now,” he said to her. “Do I look like I’m angry with you?”
She stared at him, searching. “…No.”
“That’s because I’m not. Why would I be angry with you for making a simple mistake, as children are prone to do?” He reached his arms out, pulling her toward him. He noticed that she flinched at first, and the sight affected him with the strength of a thunderbolt. “I will never hurt you, Clara. Ever. You know that.”
She finally shifted into his embrace. “I thought you would be mad,” she said into his shirtfront.
“No. But even if for some reason I was, I wouldn’t have hurt you. Only a true coward would ever do such a thing to someone as precious as you.”
It was an insult that was flagrantly directed at her father—and some part of him wondered if he should have said it at all. But then he decided it was better that he had. She needed to understand that her father’s treatment of her was cowardly. It was evil and wrong, and she didn’t deserve it.
“I want you to promise me something,” he said, holding her tight. “When you grow up, don’t ever let a man hit you. A real man doesn’t do that. A real man cherishes those he loves, not hurts them. Okay?”
“…Okay.” Her fingers curled into his coat. “Mr. Duvane?”
“Hmmm?”
Clara sat up a little higher and kissed his scarred cheek. “Don’t tell Mama, but I wish you were my father,” she whispered to him. “My real one.”
Unforeseen heat blazed at the backs of his eyes. “So do I,” he whispered back.
“May I pretend that you are, if I wish?”
He nodded, silent.
She hugged him. “Thank you.”
When she left his arms to go help her mother clean up, Jasper faced the other end of the room. He couldn’t look at them yet; he needed a moment alone. So he sat with the pained pleasure her words gave him until, at last, he felt strong enough to turn around.
When he did, though, he was confronted by yet another situation that broke down the carefully constructed dam he’d built inside him. Panic came rushing forth like a raging river, fast and insistent.
Kneeling just a few feet away, Emily was cradling several photographs in her hands. She was looking at them in earnest confusion. Then her gaze shot up and clung to his suspiciously. He rocked back a bit.
Oh God.
She came to a slow stand. Then she turned and walked away, leaving him to sit amidst the mess of papers. He looked about. His life. It was evidence of everything he hadn’t wanted her to know…
Bloody hell, he knew this room held something that would bring him to his knees!
Jasper stared at her retreating back. Then he pushed himself to a stand. He was unsteady as he followed after her, sinking with every step as he tried to think of what to say. How was he going to combat this? The conversation she was going to demand they have would require complete privacy—and time. Two things they were presently short on.
Returned to the sofa and table, far enough away so that Clara wouldn’t be able to discern their whispers, Emily whirled on him. “Who is this person?” she demanded shakily, thrusting a picture at him.
Jasper’s breathing became a little labored at her tone. He didn’t like that she sounded like that. It reminded him of when he’d first spoken to her. She’d been terrified out of her wits.
He glanced at the picture, even though he already suspected whose face he would see upon it. Sure enough, he found himself looking into the eyes of a young man—one whose handsome, unscarred face Jasper knew very well, indeed.
“The gentleman right here,” she insisted, then she flipped the photo over to reveal a few scribbled words. “On the back of his portrait, it says he is Jasper Duvane. How can that be?” She gaped at him. “He’s not you.”
Think. What am I to tell her that will pacify her for now?
Emily stared at him, waiting for him to say something. When he didn’t, she choked on a frightened little sound that had no business ever leaving her throat because of him. He wanted her to breath only happy sounds, murmurs of delight and laughter. This was not fair!
“Jasper,” she cried with quiet urgency, “answer me!”
Jasper crossed arms and looked away from her, drowning in his inability to speak. He wanted to tell her the picture had been taken before he’d become so viciously scarred. He wished he could tell her that it was him she was looking at; she just didn’t recognize him. But again, as so often before, he found that lying to her was impossible.
“Emily,” he finally began, “this is not the time or place for the discussion you wish to have.”
“I don’t care. Tell me what is happening right now. Look at me!”
He obeyed her.
“Who is he?” she quavered, floundering against the truth, trying to grasp it. “Who…who are you?”
Emily…let me think…I’m trying here!
Once again, he steered his widened gaze away from her. Oh, he should have faced this sooner! It was a fool’s errand to think he could keep secrets from Emily; it was clear she was destined to learn everything there was to know about him.
What made it worse was there’d been occasions when he could have sat her down and told her everything. The previous night had been, for example, a perfect opportunity. She’d been pleading for the truth, desiring answers. And unlike now, he would have had the time to divulge them all. He just hadn’t wanted to. He liked that she looked at him as though he was a normal man, one who’d lived a normal life, even if only for a short while.
Little did she know, he’d never actually lived a normal life. The closest he’d come to experiencing what normal even felt like was when she’d returned to the mansion and demanded that he do so. And instead of confessing it while he’d had the chance, he’d kept it buried. Now the truth had unearthed itself on its own, rising like the dead.
Jasper swore under his breath. He needed to think faster. Pushing past the dread, he sought to find a way to confess everything at a rate that would not rob anyone of their last moments together. But there wasn’t a single way he could thing of! It was a long and complicated tale that he’d been hiding from her. And knowing Emily, she wasn’t going to settle for half-truths again; she was going to want to know it all.
They needed time.
He glanced over at Clara, who had just finished cleaning up the floor. She smiled at him expectantly, waiting.
Suddenly, Emily withdrew a step. His eyes flew to hers again. And deep inside, a pendulum began swinging. Back and forth it went, counting down the seconds that remained in their forever.
Bear with me, angel. I don’t know what I’m doing anymore.



Who are you?
The words echoed throughout Emily’s mind with a force that was real, strange, and altogether unexpected. Of all the things she had thought she would say to Jasper that day, questioning his identity hadn’t been one of them.
She was supposed to be telling him that she loved him, not demanding to know who he was! And who was he? What an awful question to ask when, until then, the answer had been completely obvious. He was Jasper! Her Jasper! The man she loved and trusted and never wanted to part from for as long as she lived.
So what was happening? Why was his very identity suddenly on the line?
Who are you?
Beginning to tremble, Emily took another step backward and looked down at the photos in her hands. Faces she instinctively recognized as those belonging to the Hughes family gazed up at her. Caroline with her winsome expression and light hair; Victor with his dark and proud severity; and Xavier with his vague and arrogant glare—they were all just how she’d begun to imagine them to be.
At first, she’d felt guilty when she looked at the pictures. She had tried to respect Jasper’s privacy and not look. But there were just so many of them lying around. And as she’d begun gathering them from the floor, those faces in her hands had beckoned for her attention again and again; they’d made her look at them.
It wasn’t until she’d found the portrait of the unknown man, Jasper’s name scrawled on the back, that Emily’s intrigue had changed to concern. Then from concern to confusion. And now she felt…
What did she feel?
Emily stared at the photograph again. She tried to find Jasper in that man’s face, in his eyes. She knew she hadn’t ever seen Jasper without scars before, but it didn’t matter. She knew his face too intimately to be fooled by another’s. And that man in the photo, the one proclaiming to be Jasper Duvane, was not the man standing in front of her now. He was a different man altogether.
Stiff, Emily turned away and faced the table. With shaking hands, she placed the photos down. She felt Jasper come to stand behind her. She struggled with her instincts, which felt quite divided right then. Part of her wanted to slide around the table, farther away from him—away from the man her heart knew, but her mind clearly didn’t know at all. And the other part of her wanted to lean against him and forget she’d ever seen anything. She just wanted to go back to how things were a few moments ago, when he’d still been her Jasper, not this…this…stranger.
Her soul rebelled at the word, but she couldn’t ignore its logic. Jasper was not who she thought he was. Something very bizarre was afoot—and it made her question every moment and word that’d ever passed between them.
Was any of it real?
“You have one minute to explain this to me,” she whispered.
“I need much more than that,” he said by her ear. “And I cannot say anything at all until I have reminded you that you have no reason to be afraid of me. You know that already. You know me.”
She swallowed, hating her own creeping sense of doubt. But how could she help it? “Do I know you?”
“More than anyone.”
Before she could start crying, she shook her head, collecting the last of the trinkets from the table and then walking them to the trunk. She could feel him staring at her as she put them on top of the gowns. Seeing the items reminded her of the jeweled comb in her hair—which now felt quite heavy, indeed. She touched it, her fingertips drifting across the butterfly wings…
Jasper was before her in a flash. Her eyes flew up to his.
“Don’t you dare,” he breathed, having sensed where her mind had wandered. “I gave that to you.”
“And who are you to do such a thing? You still have not told me.”
“I’m Jasper,” he said, trying very hard to be quiet, she could tell. “My name is Jasper Duvane.”
She stared at him. “You are Jasper Duvane? Truly?”
“Yes,” he maintained. “I swear it. I swear it on my life—on Clara’s life.”
“…Then who is the man in the photograph?”
His face tightened. He seemed reluctant to respond to her. But he did. “He answers to Jasper, too,” he said at last. “For the past twenty-odd years, his name has been Jasper Duvane to everyone who knows him, except me.”
What?! “You make no sense!” she hissed.
“I realize that—and if you would allow me to explain it later when Clara is not trying to eavesdrop on our conversation, that would be greatly appreciated.” He crept closer. “There is so much to say. It is not a short tale you’re asking me to unravel for you.”
Her pulse leapt at his shortened proximity. “What do you propose we do about it?”
“Permit me to sit with Clara awhile; she has asked me to draw with her, and I said I would. Then I will tell you whatever you wish to know.” His gaze roamed over her face. “No more secrets this time, Emily. Trust me.”
“Trust you?” she rasped. “You are not at all who I thought you were.”
“Yes, I am—you just don’t know all of me yet.”
He reached for her, and Emily reacted before she could think; in her wary state, she withdrew a step. His eyes fell shut as if she’d struck him, a slow flush creeping up his neck. His hands returned to his sides.
Her body flooded with pain to see him like that. But uncertainty kept her where she was; she did not move or speak. Neither of them did.
At last, he broke the quiet. “I’m still me, Emily,” he strained, his eyes remaining closed to the sight of her. “I haven’t changed. I am exactly the same man now that I was five minutes ago—that I have been all along. You know me…”
His jaw flexed, his breath hitching. And for one horrid second, Emily thought he might break down right there. Weak, she retracted that awful step she’d taken away from him, and her hand lifted to his mouth to shush him.
His eyes opened and clung to hers again, hope burning in their familiar depths. She let herself stare into that burn—really stare into it. And as she did, a waterfall of memories cascaded over her, moments of true happiness and intimacy. She recalled all the things he’d said and done since she’d met him, how he’d proven time and again that he was someone she could depend upon.
And here she was, allowing her faith in him to be shaken. Him! Her beloved.
Jasper. Oh, Jasper, I’m so sorry…
Her hand lowered from his lips, and she stepped even closer. His arms shot out like iron bands, hauling her so fiercely into his embrace that she let out a little sob of relief. Oh, there he was—the man she loved. He was still there! She’d panicked, thinking for one hair-raising instant that he’d somehow vanished. That, in finding out he might not be who she’d thought, he was gone altogether. But he wasn’t gone; he was right in front of her. And yes, maybe she didn’t know all of him, but hadn’t she accepted that already? From the very beginning, he’d told her there were secrets about himself that he didn’t want to share.
Like the complex truth behind his identity, apparently…
What she needed to focus on now was what she did know of him; and what she knew of him, she trusted. He was a good man. He had a kind and sincere spirit, in spite of all its mystery. So whatever name he went by, whatever shadows slipped up from his past and revealed themselves in the light of day, they would not be enough to dismiss her love for him.
Emily looked up at him, caressing his scarred cheek. “Forgive me for wavering; I do trust you,” she said in earnest regret. “I won’t ever doubt it again.”
“Please, make sure that you don’t. I think my heart stopped beating a moment ago.”
Her insides felt wrung out, hearing that. “We will speak more on this later,” she promised, and she began to ease from his arms.
He released her, yet swayed a little in her direction as she backed away. She knew that look. He was battling the urge to grab at her again, to kiss her. And oh, how she wished she could kiss him right then! It would certainly make them both feel a great deal better. However, just like the conversation they needed to have, the timing wasn’t right.
Emily shook her head at him. He tore his gaze away and pivoted toward the trunk. He shut it with a thud and grabbed his sketchbook from the table.
“Clara,” he said in a thick voice, “are you ready to go to the drawing room now?”
Clara looked at Emily, questions in every corner of her eyes. It was evident she’d just seen their emotional embrace. And even if she hadn’t been able to hear what they were saying, it was surely written all over their faces. Oh, well. There wasn’t any use in getting upset about it now. When it was time to say their final goodbyes, Clara was bound to see such things again. She herself would experience them too.
Emily pressed a smile onto her lips and nodded in reassurance.
“Yes, I’m ready,” Clara answered at last, and she took him by the hand.
Jasper looked back at Emily piercingly. He lifted his other arm for her in silent question. She went to him, holding on to him as they slipped into the wall and shut the door behind them.
When they entered the drawing room later, Emily tried to release him to let him go ahead with Clara. But he hung on to her arm with conviction. He brought her over to the windows, where he released Clara’s hand in order to shuck aside the drapery. It wasn’t until Clara was settled at the table by the window, her brunette hair warm in the sun, that he began to let go of Emily.
“Later,” he reminded her. He took her hand while Clara’s back was turned and swiftly kissed it. Then he seated himself and opened his sketchbook. “What would you like to draw today, Clara?”
Emily began to back away from them.
“I’m not sure,” Clara said, accepting the pencil that’d been hidden in the pages.
“An apple, perhaps?”
She shook her head. “That’s too easy!”
“It’s best to start with something easy.”
“Okay. First something easy. Then something difficult!”
“Whatever you say,” he replied, indulgent as usual.
Jasper placed his arm over the back of her chair and settled close, offering words of guidance as she began sliding her pencil across the paper. Emily found herself doing what Jasper had so often done with her: she froze the image in her mind, saving it away. She could not draw it on paper like he could, but she would do her best to remember it. Just like this. Just as they were.
After a while, she turned away, wrapping her arms about herself. Her eyes settled on the empty space where the painting of the galloping boy had been. There were dusty lines etched along the wall, a ghostly reminder of the men who’d been there only a few hours ago; they’d come and robbed Jasper of one of his memories.
Emily shook her head, angry for him. And she thought back on the tender image he’d depicted on the canvas that’d hung there. Now that she knew there was a new man, some mysterious person who also went by the same name—how on earth were there two men named Jasper Duvane?!—she started looking at the paintings in a new light.
Had Jasper painted him, as well?
He’d said the man had gone by the same name as him for over twenty years. They must have known each other for that long, then. They must have been children together…
Emily tensed as a possible truth slammed into her. The boy in the paintings. What if he wasn’t Xavier? It would make more sense, considering there hadn’t ever been any shared fondness between him and Jasper. Perhaps then, the painted child had actually been the man who’d been sharing Jasper’s name and life for two decades…
Sharing his life.
Emily felt a little dizzy at the thought. What kind of life had Jasper led if there were two people existing as one? She frowned severely and looked around the room, at the walls and floor, which so covertly concealed a vast and intricate underworld. An underworld meant for Jasper. But why? It simply made no sense! She peered over at him. His strong shoulders were spread open wide as he leaned on the chair, his attention on Clara.
Questions began tumbling around inside her as she tried to solve the puzzle herself. There was no way he could have lived in the walls all his life; the house itself was only eleven years old.
Unless wherever he lived before had such walls too. But how can that even be possible? Could more than one place like this truly exist?
Emily shook her head as it began to hurt. She sank down onto the red velvet conversation chair in the middle of the room. Everywhere she looked were clues and hints to his life, hidden and strewn about like little treasures. She didn’t understand them yet, of course; but she sensed their presence—more so now than ever before.
Across the room, the blonde-haired figurine stretched and glimmered amidst a few settling dust motes.
Did you know about all of this, Caroline? Emily wondered. I can’t imagine that you did and allowed it…Then again, I don’t really know you at all, do I? I may have worn your things and heard Jasper speak of you with admiration, but you’re as much of a mystery to me as Jasper is.
Giving up the attempt to figure any of it out on her own, Emily leaned back on the seat. She was just going to have to pass the time waiting, a curious new pain opening inside her. She had a feeling Jasper’s true story was going to be a difficult one to hear, indeed.
Chapter 26

The Hidden Truth


Jasper looked up from his sketch. Clara was working studiously on her second drawing. She’d finished her first one, which was a sweet interpretation of a shiny apple with a single leaf on its stem. And when she’d begun her second drawing—a meadow pipet, they’d decided—he’d worked on fulfilling his own promise of drawing her and Emily, just as they were on canvas.
It was taking longer than he’d expected. But that was because he was distracted; thoughts of the conversation he was about to have with Emily itched and irritated his mind. He still did not know how he was going to word everything. There was so much to say. So many details.
He turned in his seat a little. Over his shoulder he could see Emily. She was sitting in the middle of the room on a large circular chair that was intended to seat four people. She looked tiny in it, even with her voluminous skirts; she was so fair and fragile.
He watched as she looked about the room as if she were seeing everything for the first time. No doubt her mind was running at a rapid pace too. He couldn’t begin to imagine what she was thinking and feeling. At least, if nothing else, she’d realized she had nothing to fear. Not from him. Never with him would she be in any sort of danger.
He loved her.
Just then, Emily turned her face in his direction. Their eyes connected across the room. She looked haunted, spellbound. His poor angel. It must be awful for her, all this waiting and wondering.
Feeling a strong compulsion to put her at ease, Jasper almost abandoned the sketch then and there and went to her. But he couldn’t do that to Clara. He had to finish what he started, and he couldn’t cut any corners; the sketch had to be everything she hoped for and deserved.
With renewed purpose, Jasper returned his attention to his work. It took him another half an hour to finish, and when he laid it out for Clara, she gasped in delight.
“Mr. Duvane! It’s wonderful!” She held it up high. “Mama, will you come look? He drew us! It’s exactly like the painting, only without the rainbows!”
Emily got up from the chair and came toward them. Jasper waited, his back to her. But he listened to her every movement—her breath, her heels on the floor, and the rustle of her gown against her petticoats. As she came up behind him, he turned his face a little to the right. Just enough to glimpse her in his peripheral vision. The backs of her fingers were suddenly there upon his wasted cheek. She stroked his skin with such tenderness that he felt the wicked desire to haul her onto his lap and kiss her madly. Again, another impulse he had to quell—and soon. For it was only growing with strength and ferocity the longer she stood there, touching him like that.
“It is a beautiful drawing,” she said, pressing against the back of him. “You are fortunate he agreed to do that for you, Clara. Don’t you think?”
“Yes! Thank you so very much, Mr. Duvane.”
Clara leaned over in her chair until she was hugging him, her head against his chest. He sat utterly still, overpowered by the magnificence of having them surround him at the same time. When Clara leaned away again, he had to work hard to hide the bittersweet pain that was surely painted on his face. He smiled instead.
“Look at your bird,” he told her. “You are doing very well with it. You should be proud.”
“Really?” She turned her attention to her sketch. “I don’t know…I’m not as good as you.”
“Just like anything else, if you take the time to practice, you can be as good as you wish. Look at the feathers you’re making; they’re remarkable.” He gave her a warm glance. “You have a natural talent.”
The way her face lit up at his words made his smile broaden.
“I will keep practicing,” she informed him, and picking up her pencil, she returned to her drawing.
Jasper took Emily’s hand into his own. And he knew then that their moment had come. “Clara, will you excuse your mother and I for a few minutes?”
“Where are you going?” she asked, continuing to draw.
“Just out in the hall. We have some private matters to discuss.”
“More whispering,” she sighed.
His chest ached at the way she’d said it, but he nodded begrudgingly. “Will you be very good and stay right here while we are gone?”
She cast him a quick glance. “I promise I will.”
Jasper came to a slow stand. He shifted Emily’s hand in his, holding it beside him now. He bent and kissed Clara on the crown of her head.
“We’ll be right back,” he told her.
“I know that.”
Jasper shot one burning look at Emily before leading her from the room. It was an impressively large space. He hadn’t ever noticed that before. But he certainly did then as anxiety hastened his steps, eagerness to have her alone again making his temperature rise.
When they made it to the winding west hall at last, he turned and pulled her to him. Her free arm lifted and wound about his neck. They met in a crushing embrace that robbed him of sense and awareness of everything else around him.
He cradled the back of her head as his mouth found hers. Oh, angel. How was he going to live without her for the rest of his life? How? She’d become an extension of himself, the better half of who he was and all he wished he could be. He couldn’t stand that, already, this was one of the last times he would ever hold her…
Dying a little at the thought, Jasper kissed her, savoring the way she kissed him back with equal passion. It was as if she needed him to take away the questions and the mystery of everything she’d been lost in for the past hour. She needed reminding of who he was—who he really was, underneath the scars and the secrets.
Jasper was only too willing to oblige. He wanted her to feel and know him, as himself. He didn’t want her to hesitate in trusting him ever again.
Without warning, Emily pulled her mouth from his. A sound eased out of him that he’d never heard before. It was animal and somewhat despairing. He wasn’t ready to stop yet. He wasn’t ready to talk at all.
To pacify himself, he turned his lips to her face. He kissed the creamy perfection of her skin, following the line of her jaw, down along her throat. He nuzzled himself there, in that scented crook by her collar, where her pulse leapt with the same insistence as his own.
“Jasper,” she whispered.
He shook his head, still not ready.
“My love, please,” she said, taking his head in between her hands and pulling it up.
He gazed down at her turbulently. Love. That reminded him…
He still needed to tell her he loved her. Was now an appropriate time? Or would it be best to wait until after he told her everything there was to know about him?
I love you.
Jasper swallowed the words as they lifted into his throat, bursting to come out. Not yet. Definitely after. To voice it later, after everything else was said and done, might help alleviate whatever suffering he was in.
“I am plagued with this waiting,” she told him. “I must know the truth—all of it. Hold nothing back from me anymore. Please, I want to know you.”
“You do know me, angel,” he reminded her. “Everything that’s important, you already know…But yes, I will tell you the truth. For you, I will purge it all and let you see me as I am.”
Jasper pressed his forehead to hers. Then he let her go and took a purposeful step back. He needed space to think if he was going to speak with any clarity at all. And being too near to her clouded his mind. He took another step. Then another. She watched him with wide eyes as he turned and began to pace before her.
“I have been agonizing over how to reveal the truth and not eat away at what time we have left together,” he said. He shook his head and raked his hands through his hair. “And I realized that there is no way around it. To tell you everything, I must be patient. I must go back to the very beginning.”
He looked at her. Her face was rosy and intensely alert.
“I am listening,” she said.
Jasper sighed, and he crossed his arms and paced on. The words flowed from him then, as unstoppable as the rising and setting of the moon.
“I’m not sure how much you know about abandoned children who are accepted into a foundling hospital. But for the sake of being able to tell this story efficiently, I will touch on a few details for you. When children are relinquished from their mothers, it is usually because of one of two reasons: their mothers are fallen women who merely wish to hide the result of their dalliance, or they are women who wish to keep their child but can’t due to circumstances beyond their control. Regardless, when these children are given up, it is with the clear understanding that the child will grow up never becoming privy to information regarding who bore him. In turn, the mother also loses her right to know about the child and what becomes of him, unless she returns to reclaim him. I was not like those children. My situation was unique in that the foster family I was sent to knew who I was.”
“How can that be if it’s against the agreement?”
“I will tell you. Let me begin, however, by illuminating the circumstances that brought me into this world: My birthmother, from what I have been told by Caroline—who always made it a point to be honest with me—was young and of a well-bred family. I am the result of a reckless, forbidden romance, and her delicate condition threatened to derail her hopes of ever attaining a profitable marriage.
“Just before my birth, she’d met with my father and discussed her predicament. He could not marry her and save her from her situation, though; he himself was married. But he did help her concoct a scheme to try and give me over to the Norworth Foundling Hospital. It was an advantageous attempt to regain her respectability, and I can admit it was also rather kind as well. They could have disposed of me by a number of different means. And considering that every orphanage within a reasonable distance was full, it wouldn’t have ended well for me. But my birthmother loved me enough to do all that she could to send me into a bright future. And so she pushed her petition forward, forced to live in secret while she waited.”
“How long did it take?”
“I was three months old when her petition was finally accepted. Things weren’t how they used to be when desperate mothers could just drop their children off and maintain their complete anonymity. Not with the Norworth Foundling Hospital. To get me in there, she had to fully explain her predicament. She had to plead before a panel of men who decided the worthiness of her character and position. They even had to do a little investigation of their own to ascertain the truth of her claims. Being that she passed this inspection, I was then taken away, and her situation and identity are now protected from public scrutiny. It must have been a very challenging experience for her. But she did it, for herself and for me—in the hope that we could both be happy.
“As for what she conveyed to the committee of men who judged her…” Jasper sighed again. “Well, I was informed that she said I was the result of her being taken by force, which was not a true claim. And it was a somewhat risky one to make too; these men preferred it when women held themselves accountable for their ‘guilty behavior’—their term, not mine. But because my father was determined not to be named in her petition, and he’d secretly comforted her through the trials of her pregnancy, she decided to say she had been accosted by some unknown assailant.”
“Jasper…”
He stopped pacing and looked at her. “Yes?”
“You said Caroline told you all this?”
He nodded.
“How did she know?”
“Victor told her.”
“…And how did he know?”
Jasper’s heart felt very heavy as the truth moved through him. “Because Victor Hughes was my father, Emily.”
Her expression crumpled. “Dear God…I don’t…I can’t…” She cradled her face, floundering. Then she lowered her hands again and met his gaze. “Gracious, I’m so sorry.”
“As am I. It’s an unfortunate relation—one I resent to this day.”
“But you’d said your birthmother was a well-to-do woman. How was it that she’d even managed to meet Victor? Weren’t they of different social classes at the time?”
“Yes, they certainly were. They met in the city of Norworth, I suppose; he was working as a carpet weaver there, trying to climb his way up through the business. Truthfully, though, I cannot fathom the details on how they met. I can only think that his being of a lower class held a certain appeal to her; perhaps it was easier to hide the affair if they weren’t moving in the same circles. She didn’t have to see him unless she wanted to.”
Emily crossed her arms. “Tell me what happened next. How did Caroline find out? What did she do? I thought he loved her…”
“Victor loved her as much as he was capable of loving anyone. Which was never going to be as much as he loved himself. And in regards to how she found out about his indiscretion…it was a bizarre twist of fate that made it happen. Almost like it was meant to, as much as I hate that thought.” Jasper resumed his pacing. “Upon my acceptance to the hospital, I was, as I said, about three months old. Before his work at the mill began that day, Victor went to visit my birthmother privately…or rather, to visit me before I was given up.” He shuddered. “To think of him holding me with any sort of fondness makes me ill. But apparently, at the time, he’d held a small measure of affection for me. Probably because he’d felt affection for my birthmother as well…”
He waved his hand dismissively, shaking his head. “Anyway, he hung back in secret as she went into the hospital and handed me over. It wasn’t until later that day, when he finished his work at the mill and walked the stretch back to Newport Cross, that he found Caroline in the nursery with one-year-old Xavier—and also with a new baby she had just returned from the hospital with.” He pointed at himself. “Me.”
“Oh, my word. I’ll bet that shocked him, indeed!”
“You have no idea.” Jasper scowled and pivoted on his heel, continuing to lumber across the hall. “He hadn’t paused to consider that his own wife would be called in to collect me. Yes, she was a nurse mother for the hospital and had been one for years; but he’d assumed she wouldn’t be permitted to take me on because she was still nursing Xavier at the time. But what Victor didn’t realize was that she was waiting for a new baby to need her before she weaned her own. And so when she was called to the hospital in Norworth at last, she’d raced there—and unknowingly left with her own husband’s illegitimate son.
“Victor knew exactly who I was, of course, as soon as he saw me. He’d panicked, insisting that she send me back. But when asked for a reason, he had none to give her—other than the truth. And he certainly wasn’t ready to give her that. So she kept me, became my mother in every sense of the word. As the months passed, she could tell he behaved differently toward me than any of the other foundlings that’d come to stay with them. He was callous and unkind. After multiple confrontations, he finally confessed the truth to her: the baby she loved was really the spawn of his own infidelity.
“Most women would have given me back then. Perhaps even publicly hung Victor out to dry as well. But Caroline wasn’t like most women. She was committed to me—and was also too afraid of the repercussions to speak out against her husband. So I stayed.
“As for Victor, that small pitying spark he’d once felt for me was gone; he hated me. But he did, at least, stop seeing my birthmother—Margaret was the only name he’d ever given us. He let her go free, back into the world as she’d known it before. And never once did he tell her that he’d ended up fostering their own love child; I was, to him, his burden to bear now. Not hers.”
Jasper stopped in the hall, his gaze fixed on a painting. It was a detailed image of a child at play. A boy, one with chestnut hair and eyes, like his own. A boy he knew as well as he knew himself.
“What happened next?” Emily asked when he remained quiet for too long.
“A second baby arrived.” Grimly, Jasper resumed his pacing. “This one, however, was delivered under more dire circumstances than my own.”
“More dire than yours?”
“Significantly. Unlike me, he had been rejected by the committee of the Norworth Foundling Hospital. His birthmother, I gather, had been of a more desperate sort. I do not know her situation except that she was poor and could not afford to keep him. For one reason or another, they found her petition lacking, and her baby was denied admittance.”
“How do you know all that?”
“Caroline told me that a traveling merchant overheard the woman’s cries on the street that day; she had been wailing for someone to take mercy on her child, explaining her situation to anyone who would listen. When she gave up and left, the man followed her, curious what would become of her. He lost track of her, but he did locate her baby—a boy, abandoned on a back alley, crying himself sick in the rain. Having only just finished selling goods in Newport Cross, the man recalled meeting Caroline there, as well as learning that she was a nurse mother. So he rushed the sodden child to her in hopes she could help somehow.
“After the urgency of the situation was explained, Caroline could not resist; she accepted her new charge with an open heart. Victor was beside himself, though. Two new babies! One undesired, and the other, not even financially compensated for by the hospital! It was out of the question. But recall now, that the orphanages, at the time, were full—so there was nowhere else safe or suitable for the baby to go. Not, at least, where he could be nursed and cared for in the way he needed to be. Of course, Victor wasn’t very concerned about that; he had no desire to help any babies at all anymore. Especially not for free.”
“Caroline convinced him to reconsider, though?” Emily asked, creeping forward a step.
Jasper faced her. She was a little paler than he would have liked. “Yes, she did.”
“How?” she asked.
“The affair. She used it when and how she could as a weapon against him, making him feel guilty for dishonoring her as he had. And because he did love her in his own way, not to mention he was, I am sure, full of regret, he submitted to her. But only under the promise that the boy would remain a secret altogether until they could either find him a new situation, or until he was old enough to work at the mill as an unassuming bobbin boy. Then they would figure out what to do from there.”
“Why did the new baby have to remain a secret at all?”
“Because of me. Caroline was only ever allowed to have one nursing baby at a time. The hospital was rather rigid about such things. If they ever discovered she had another baby with her, they would have taken me away and cut off her funds, and she didn’t want that. If it were possible, she would have just told them she was bottle-feeding him; but she and Victor were quite poor at the time, and they couldn’t even pretend to afford the milk necessary to nourish a baby so young. So she agreed to Victor’s plan, and the baby was to be kept a secret until further notice. And so there it began: a long and perilous road of deceit.” He paused. “Do you need a break before I continue?”
Emily shook her head. “No,” she said. “I would not dare stop you now. Go on.”
Jasper nodded, and feeling even more pressed for time, continued his tale. “So, as you now know, there were two new babies instead of one. When the hospital began sending an inspectress to check on me—a baby the committee had since baptized and named Jasper Duvane—” he shot her a dark look, “I was presented to show I was in good health. The next time the woman came, however, I was wrapped up with Caroline, and we were asleep upstairs. Victor had not wanted to disturb her. So after claiming Caroline was out for the day, and hoping the inspectress would not be able to tell the difference, Victor showed her the second baby for her to inspect. The boy, by that time, had been given a name known only to us.”
“What was it?”
“Jonathan.” Jasper felt the name move through him, trembling and vibrant. He hadn’t said it in so many years. “Jonathan St. Claire was his name.”
“Jonathan St. Claire?” Emily echoed.
“Yes,” he said. “Caroline chose it. Jonathan was her late brother’s name. And St. Claire was the surname of her childhood friend who’d died in childbirth several years prior.”
Emily wrung her hands in front of her, and her eyes flicked to the painting he’d been looking at a few minutes ago. Jasper lifted an eyebrow. Was it possible that she was already connecting the dots? Did she comprehend that, all this time, she’d been surrounded by dozens of images of the secret boy he’d known since his infancy?
“Did the inspectress ever find out about the switch?” she asked.
“No. She was a much older woman and not as sharp-eyed as she used to be. This fact undoubtedly inspired Victor to keep Jonathan and I interchangeable for a handful of years. Granted, it didn’t happen often, and it was only when Caroline was indisposed in some way. But sometimes it really was me the inspectress saw. Other times, it was Jonathan. Even if the inspectress hadn’t been a little hard of seeing, she probably wouldn’t have been able to tell us apart; we looked so much alike back then, it was uncanny.
“Victor ensured it remained that way too. If I scuffed my knee, Jonathan’s was scuffed as well; if he got a bruise, so too did I. Caroline never questioned how or why these similarities began to pop up between us. She had no idea at all that Victor was switching us around in the manner that he was. And being so small and afraid of him ourselves, we never told her either.”
“I can’t understand why he would keep doing it, Jasper. It’s ludicrous.”
“It started off as convenience, but I think it later became a game. Gambling with our livelihoods made him feel powerful.”
“God, how could Caroline love this man?!”
“Caroline never loved him, Emily; I’ve only ever said that he loved her.”
“She married him and didn’t love him?”
“…You’re not so unfamiliar with that concept, are you?”
Emily blanched, and he instantly felt terrible. He came forward. Grabbing at her hand, he lifted it to his lips. He brushed an apologetic kiss across her knuckles. “Forgive me. I didn’t mean for that to sound the way it did.”
“It’s okay,” she said, turning her hand over and touching his face. “You are right. I am not unfamiliar with marrying a man I do not love. Or one who is controlling and abusive, for that matter. I’ve done it. And it is not an easy life to lead afterward.”
Sickened, Jasper frowned. He pressed his mouth to her wrist. “I don’t want to think about that right now,” he said gruffly when she shivered.
“I don’t either. Let’s get back to the story.” Emily withdrew her hand from him. “You’ve talked about Caroline and Victor and Jonathan—where is Xavier in all this?”
Jasper looked away. “Xavier was there. There was no avoiding him, unfortunately. Being a year older than myself, he was always a little bigger, more intimidating, and he used it to his advantage. He was loathsome and arrogant. He simply lacked compassion or the ability to feel guilt at all.”
“Tell me how. What did he do?”
“He hated Jonathan and me, to start. Though I do not think it was driven by jealousy because Caroline loved us; he himself did not care very much for her. I suppose she knew that, too. In some ways, I think it might have been part of what drove her to love other women’s children as she did; her own child would not let her show any affection to him at all. He seemed repulsed by it, above it, if that makes sense.
“As far as his treatment of Jonathan and myself goes, he was truly wicked. When Caroline wasn’t around to reprimand him, he liked to pull tricks that often resulted in one of us getting humiliated or debased in some way. Our biggest fear became that he would do something when one of us wasn’t there to help the other.
“Victor, I could tell, was aware of his son’s behavior. Being a coward himself, he didn’t do anything to stop it. I think he relished it actually, particularly as the brunt of the torture seemed to fall upon me. I was an extension of his own failure. I was a reminder of how close he’d come to losing all respectability. Looking back now, I wonder if what he allowed to be done to me next hadn’t been a part of the plan all along.”
Jasper looked over at Emily to see how she was faring. She was still pale, but her expression was open, her eyes resplendent in the shadowy hallway. She was riveted. Massaging his brow, he went on.
“The day the inspectress came to oversee my return to the hospital, I was five years old. Jonathan was downstairs at the time, and he wasn’t supposed to be; Victor had made it expressly clear that he was to remain hidden in the nursery. But that day, Xavier had drawn Jonathan out somehow. And when Victor ushered the inspectress into the house, there was Xavier and Jonathan in the living room.
“When Caroline came home a little while afterward, everything had already happened; the final switch had been made, and the inspectress was now waiting for Caroline to collect Jonathan’s things so the three of them could leave together for Norworth. Before she left, Caroline confronted Victor in the nursery, and I was there with them. He told her that the inspectress had thought Jonathan was me, and he could not argue otherwise.”
“Impossible!” Emily spat, taking him by surprise. “Of course he could have argued it. He could have said Jonathan was anyone! A paper boy, a chimney sweep—anyone at all other than you!”
“Yes. But Xavier, mean-spirited child that he was, had already confirmed Jonathan’s identity as mine. And so if Victor had argued that Xavier was wrong, Xavier would have likely exposed the real truth then and there. The deceitful swapping of children that’d gone on for years—such a revelation would have destroyed the Hughes’ world as they knew it.” Jasper gazed at her. “It was Xavier’s greatest prank of all, don’t you see? Shipping off one child in place of the other. Clever, indeed, for a six-year-old. Can you imagine it? So much cruelty at such a young age—Clara’s age!”
Emily stamped her foot. “Cad!”
Jasper smiled sadly, charmed by her defensive tone despite how bitter he felt in remembering it all.
“From that moment on,” he continued, “Caroline was directed to hide me, just as she’d once hidden Jonathan. Because now, there wasn’t supposed to be a little boy living there at all. Granted, they could have just claimed I was an orphan and sent me to work in the mill as a bobbin boy; it’d been what they’d planned to do with Jonathan, after all. But Victor, by then, was rattled and wanted only to shut me away.
“So he did—and Caroline, mortified and fearful for us all, complied as well. I became the secret boy who lived upstairs, away from everyone. My room was, in those first days, the nursery I had since shared with Jonathan and Xavier. And then, when a new baby came from the hospital, I was moved higher still, to the attic. That was when I began to feel myself disappear. I could hear things going on below me. The world was moving on without me.”
He looked at Emily out of the corner of his eye. “The rocking horse in the turret room—it used to be in the old nursery. And it has a very distinct sound when it rolls. I will never forget laying down with my ear to the floor as I listened to it from above, rolling over and over again. It was a lavish gift Victor had splurged on before having much money at all. Caroline had begged for it, wanting to share it with the children she fostered. Hearing it later became somewhat painful for me; it reminded me of Jonathan…and the life I would not ever again have.”
Emily’s arms loosened from their angry position. “How could Caroline allow all this to happen to you? You were just a little boy, Jasper…And she loved you.”
“I have forgiven her for not speaking up for me, Emily; I know she was manipulated in ways I cannot fathom. Fear is a powerful weapon. Also, she would have suffered if Victor was outed for his conduct—so much shame and disgrace. She was too gentle-natured and kind to have deserved that. And I would have missed her too much if we’d been separated, because by that point, I loved her greatly.
“Besides, over the next few years, as Victor moved up to foreman at the mill and we relocated to a larger house, she did what she could to mollify me. She stopped fostering; it was no longer necessary as money poured in on its own now. And her time was spent mostly with me, reading to me, teaching me to write, and eventually, also helping me discover my love for drawing and painting.
“With her guidance, I learned to take in the world in every way I could. I read voraciously. I grew to appreciate maps of England, maps of the world itself. I drew and painted people and scenery from my new window. I used my time well, and for the most part, was content. And then, when I was fourteen, Jonathan returned to us as an apprentice.”
“I cannot believe Victor actually allowed him to come back.”
“Oh, he wanted him to. Jonathan knew things that were quite incriminating to our livelihoods, and Victor felt it was necessary to keep a close eye on him.”
“How did you feel when he returned? I’ll bet it was so strange, reuniting with him again…”
“You are right—it was. And not just because of the identity conundrum, but because, by then, he was so different than I’d remembered. He had grown up to be handsome and strong. Being rather pale and thin myself, I felt the contrast between us very starkly. It intimidated me to be around him. But then I got to know him again, and I learned we had similar interests. We both shared a love for the arts, for example, his passion leaning more toward music. That young man was masterful on the piano. He played for me once, when everyone was gone for the day. It was the most beautiful thing I’d ever heard. We became friends again very quickly. And we never once called each other by different names; when we were together, he was always Jonathan, and I was always Jasper.”
“…He’s the boy I’ve seen so regularly in the paintings, isn’t he?”
“Yes,” he confirmed at last. “It was the only way he ever allowed me to paint him. He said it was like seeing himself as he wished to remember being: innocent and carefree. Before he’d been shipped off to play the role of someone he was not.”
Jasper watched as she faced the painting of young Jonathan again. Her expression was full of pity and sorrow, and it hurt him to see it. He looked away.
“Unfortunately, his return to the Hughes’ residence was not as wonderful for everyone else as it was for me,” he went on. “Caroline was happy, of course. But Victor was embittered and suspicious. And Xavier…well, his hatred returned full force. By then, he was fifteen. And while he was still cruel, he also seemed to have grown bored with me; perhaps my forced solitariness didn’t entertain him enough. With Jonathan there, however, it was like a sleeping beast had been awakened; Xavier’s tormenting began anew.
“In the meantime, I turned to my art as a way to escape. Caroline indulged me, buying me pencils and papers, paints and canvases—whatever I needed. The attic began to fill with my paintings before long. It was a vindicating feeling when Victor admitted they were good.
“But then he began to sell my work right out from under me, making a profit without sharing it with me at all. It was only when people wanted to meet the artist behind the work that he’d been obligated to give that particular scheme up. Because thankfully, I initialed everything I made; otherwise, I’m sure he would have claimed the work as his own.”
“And so he divulged your name,” Emily deduced. “And Jonathan had to step forward and pretend to be you…”
“Close. Jonathan wasn’t forced to do anything that time; he willingly offered to play the part. He was a good friend, and he did it for me, so I could be happy. He wanted me to live through him, to become someone other than the attic ghost. And God, in the beginning, I admit it: I enjoyed it. It gave me a sense of drive and purpose; I was, in my own way, living in the world, existing in it through my work. I do wonder if, had Xavier not thrown himself into the fray, possessed by his malicious compulsion to hurt me, how long I could have lived like that—content, despite being invisible. At least then, I was somewhat handsome…”
“Your scars,” Emily breathed, understanding his implication. “What did Xavier do to you?”
Jasper held her eyes very steadily. “He came upon me early one morning. He had just visited the kitchen and confiscated a large pot of boiling water from the range.” He shook his head. “He claimed that he’d been coerced into doing what he did next, that someone had made him do it. But none of us believed that—at least, not initially; regardless, his purpose that morning was one he was only too willing to fulfill. And so it was without any mercy at all that he carried that purpose out, pouring the full pot over me in my own bed. Just like that. One minute, I was sound asleep on my side. The next, I was boiled alive.”
Emily’s hands flew to cover her mouth. His vision blurred, his mind catapulted back to that awful moment. How he wished he could forget it! The searing pain, the melting flesh, his screams of anguish. It was unutterable the suffering he’d endured.
“Xavier was not a man, Emily; he was a demon, I swear it. When he put that water on me, it was like his inner evil had been fully realized at last. He just stood there, staring at me as I howled and wailed. He liked the scene I made. It seemed to calm him. I will always remember his quiet smile when Caroline came dashing up to find us.” Jasper touched his scarred cheek. “My recollection of everything after that is a little hazy. I was in so much agony, and I faded in and out of consciousness for days. I do recall Caroline’s touch. She was there with me often in those awful hours, changing my bandages and tending to my wounds. And Jonathan—I heard his voice the most. He would talk to me, demand that I fight to live. He told me that my life would improve if only I would just survive. I did, of course. But it was a grueling process. It took weeks of battling fever and infection before I truly began to heal.”
“Oh, my love…”
Emily was flying across the hall toward Jasper in an instant. She flung herself at him, and he only barely caught her, rocking backward several paces. He gripped her tight, so many emotions and memories rushing through him at once; he was unable to hold them all. And yet, instead of feeling further complicated by the ardent press of Emily’s body, he found solace in the scent of her hair and unwavering embrace. He rested his cheek against hers, and forged on.
“When I came to, it was Jonathan who I saw first. He was sitting at my bedside. He relayed to me all the things that’d happened while I was unconscious. Xavier had pled for forgiveness and was granted it by Victor only. Jonathan, however, had rallied with Caroline on my behalf. Together, they bore down on Victor and Xavier, fully prepared to go to the authorities and demand that justice be done.” Jasper smiled thinly, looking down at Emily again. “It was brave and kind, their attempt to save me. And it worked to a degree, but not how they expected. Because by then, Victor had fully established himself in the carpet weaving business, opening his own mill, Hughes and Son. He had power and wealth, and he wielded it before them, cajoling and calming them with promises. He told them that he would build a great house, wherein I would be able to find the peace I deserved—which would not happen at all if they threw him and Xavier under the force of the law. He wove that dream for them quite masterfully, convincing them I would have a full wing of my own. I would be able to live freely, with private access to every room, with my own terrace, and all the painting supplies I could ever dream of…
“They ultimately accepted his offer, taking him at his word. He began construction on Valenstone in late 1844. A few months later, our world darkened again as Caroline became ill. She was diagnosed with consumption, and her subsequent death was a slow and agonizing one. Coughing blood, gasping for breath—seeing her that way gutted me. She survived until late the following year, just before Valenstone’s completion. We were all devastated in our own way—except for Xavier, of course—but at least we got to say goodbye.”
Emily pressed her face into Jasper’s chest. He could feel her breath coming in short, hot little bursts against his shirt. “Go on,” she urged.
“That winter, Victor moved us all into Valenstone Mansion—and it was then that the reality of what he’d created was revealed to us. It was not a house of freedom; it was something else. He’d created a tomb to bury me inside of, where no one would ever find me. I was not to have a wing of my own, but a crypt underground. I was not to have private yet dignified access to every room in the house; I was only ever permitted to enter through a hidden, interring tunnel system beyond the walls. He’d given us what we demanded without giving it to us at all. I was not just a ghost in the attic anymore; I was the ghost of a monstrous mansion.”
“And you and Jonathan just accepted that?” Emily cried into his chest.
“We did.”
“Why? Why not fight further? Jonathan was brave enough to threaten him before! Why not follow through once it was clear how thoroughly Victor had failed you?”
“A letter arrived,” Jasper told her. “The first of several. It was meant for Victor, but its message addressed us all, myself included. It informed us that people knew what we were hiding in our mansion of lies. They threatened to expose, shame, or harm us, even, if we ever so much as strayed from what they wanted of us: money. Money and absolute cooperation and silence.”
Emily lifted her head. Her dark, all-seeing eyes clasped his. “They’re the same people who wrote you the message I read last night,” she stated flatly.
“Yes. At first, Jonathan and I thought it was Victor who’d written that first letter, sending it to himself to trick us into submission. But I could see it in his eyes; he was just as frightened as the rest of us. He was also in a flurry over who it was that could know about us. We had very few servants, and I’d been kept hidden from all of them. And as for those who’d been involved in the construction of the mansion, they were all ignorant as well; they’d only ever been told the tunnels were meant purely for a bit of mystery and fun—or perhaps to hide Victor or Xavier in the event of an emergency. Additionally, Victor had also paid them sizeable sums for their discretion. But had one of those men cracked and spilled the secret anyway? Had they somehow known the truth behind the tunnels and why they were there? Or maybe, before her death, Caroline had misplaced her trust in someone in an effort to help me…”
“What about your birthmother?”
“My birthmother?” Jasper shook his head. “She knew nothing about me. When she handed me over to the hospital, she never looked back.”
“What if you’re wrong? What if she somehow got information? What if Victor actually told her the truth about where you were?”
“Emily, Margaret wanted to move on and get married; she most certainly wouldn’t have sought out her bastard child for any reason. Not after all she’d been through to get me into the hospital. As for Victor, he wouldn’t have risked telling her—for his own sake. For if he had, there’s a good chance she would have remained in his life somehow. And that would have further damaged his marriage to Caroline, as well as risked the discovery of all he’d done to me over the years—something he couldn’t afford to let happen.”
Emily sighed, flustered.
“I know,” he said. “It’s maddening, not knowing who these people are. And it was for Victor, too, while he was still alive. In those last few years of his life, his suspiciousness grew until he was convinced everyone around him was a threat. He became quite paranoid, more desperate than ever to keep up the charade, lest he be exposed and lose everything he’d worked for.
“When Xavier died in 1850, it was said to have been from a simple riding accident: he’d been racing for money and lost control of his horse. However, when another letter arrived, its writer claimed that his death had actually been an orchestrated event.”
“They murdered him!”
Jasper cringed, but nodded. “Apparently, he’d grown too bold, saying things to people that he shouldn’t, hinting at the truth of our circumstances. It was also revealed that they were the ones who’d prompted him to harm me; he’d been telling the truth about that the whole time.”
“God! Why?! Why would they want to harm you before the extortion even began?!”
He shrugged. “My guess is Xavier had been the one to initially expose the truth to them about Victor, Jonathan, and myself. These people saw their opportunity to earn a profit by extortion and therefore seized it. But they had to test the waters first; they needed to see how easily Xavier could be manipulated. And that would then, in turn, give them the upper hand in controlling the rest of us as well. Truthfully, though, I won’t ever know for sure.”
She needed a moment before she could speak, he could tell. He gave it to her, needing one for himself too.
“And Victor,” she eventually began, “when he learned the truth about Xavier, was that when he…?”
“Yes,” Jasper said, not needing her to finish. “In learning the truth behind his son’s death, combined with everything else, Victor was undone; he didn’t want to face the rest of his life anymore. It was one huge lie, and it’d become an exhausting and frightening one to lead. On the last day I saw him, I knew something wasn’t right about him. There was a finality to his tone when he’d summoned me from the walls and said goodbye. I was right, of course; after leaving the mansion that day, he’d taken a coach to the railway and thrown himself in front of a train.”
Emily cradled her forehead. “How horrible. I knew he’d taken his own life. But I never knew how…”
“It is gruesome, I agree,” Jasper acknowledged. “But then again, he chose that fate. And as awful as it sounds to say this, a welcome hush fell over the house after he and Xavier were gone. Even though I knew I wasn’t really free, I was still less imprisoned than I’d ever been before: I was no longer living side by side with people who wished to harm me. But it didn’t take long for Jonathan to feel restless in our new situation. He wanted his freedom, all of it, and he began pressuring me to leave with him. He wanted us to make a run for it and try to live our lives as our real selves at last.”
“I like that idea,” she whispered.
His jaw tightened. “You already know how I feel about it. A maimed man such as me cannot lead a normal life anywhere, false identity or not. How would I blend in? It is just as that letter I showed you said, Emily: a man like me could never really hide anywhere but the walls.”
She reached up to caress his face. He leaned into her touch again, needing it.
“So what happened to Jonathan?” she asked, changing the subject to avoid an argument.
“When I refused to go with him, he decided to take his fate into his own hands: he left without me, disappearing into a world that he, unlike me, might have a chance of blending into—as long as he doesn’t remain on this side of England, anyway; he’s quite notably recognized as Jasper Duvane out here.”
“…So he really just left you here to die?”
“No. He secretly returned within two days,” Jasper revealed. “Guilt drove him back, and he wanted to try again to convince me to go with him. But by then, the first shipment of food had arrived. And for reasons I have already explained to you, I still refused to leave. So that time, when Jonathan left me, it was for good. I have not seen him since. I do not even know if he is alive anymore or if those who promised to seek our deaths have found him. He’s lost to me forever, regardless.”
“God! Why are these people tormenting you? I thought it was about money! You have no money to give them now! What can they want from you?”
“To keep me under tight control. It wouldn’t make sense to let me go, knowing all that I do, looking as I do…I have no identity anyway; to the world, I’d never existed at all.”
Emily began shaking her head at him. “No—this feels more personal than that. You were singled out by them, right from the start when they convinced Xavier to burn you! It’s your birthmother behind this, I know it!”
“No, Emily. It is not. Listen to me—Caroline was there the day I was relinquished. Not present for the initial exchange, of course, but she’d said that it was made quite clear how much my birthmother had loved me. Which, in reality, was very true. Margaret had spent nine months carrying me in her womb; she’d given birth to me, nurtured me for three whole months afterward in secret. She’d worked hard to get me into a safe environment so that I could be free. And when she’d handed me over, knowing she wouldn’t ever see me again, she’d been crying wretchedly. Caroline had made it a point to tell me all this so I would know that I was loved. Margaret would not do this to me, Emily. I cannot believe that.”
“And what if you’re wrong?”
“…If I am wrong, then there is still nothing I can do about it. I do not know who she is. I only know her first name—if it’s even her real name at all. And how many Margarets are there in the world? Probably too many to count. Her true identity is vaulted forever in the Norworth Foundling Hospital; I wouldn’t ever be able to ascertain it. In some ways, she was buried with Victor, because he alone knew who she really was. Don’t you see? I have no choice but to obey, Emily, no matter what I believe. I cannot hide from whoever it is that wishes to keep me here. And I would certainly never put you and Clara in danger so that I might try.” He kissed her forehead, long and lingeringly. “So, there you have it, angel,” he finally said. “My long and sad tale. There is nothing more to say; you know the rest.”
Emily remained quiet, and Jasper realized his body was shaking a little. He’d just relived his whole life. It left him unnerved—and oddly, just a touch liberated. Because in revealing everything there was to know about himself, he’d removed some of the invisible chains that bound him to that house. He felt, for the first time ever in his sorry life, truly seen and known in every way possible.
Not quite every way, he thought, taking pause. I love this woman, and she doesn’t know it yet. She cannot know all of me until she knows the depth of my feelings for her…
Jasper stroked Emily’s hair back a bit, bracing himself. He looked down at her face. There were tears shining in her eyes.
“Emily,” he said, feathering kisses over her cheek, “actually, I do have one more thing to say. I don’t know if my saying it will make things easier for us. But I do know I cannot go another moment without voicing it. It’s a crucial part of who I am now.”
Her breath caught. And for one spellbound instant, Jasper thought she knew what he was going to tell her—and that she felt the same. He stared into her gaze, assessing it, pulling himself into that warm, safe space. There was an adoring awareness there that shook him to his core.
Yes. She must love him back. He could feel it radiating over him, wrapping him up in its aura—a curative wonder that threatened to tumble out of her before he had the chance to speak at all. And he wanted to be the first to say it! It would be his last gift in a way, before he set her free.
His mind spinning, Jasper thought of all the love stories he’d read while holed away alone. He thought of the balls and parties he’d secretly witnessed from the shadows, the men fawning over the women, romancing them, pleading for their affection when they thought no one was listening.
He’d seen a marriage proposal once. Just once. It’d been a painful thing to witness, as the woman had rejected her amorous suitor on the spot. But there was one thing the man had done that Jasper recalled finding quite powerful.
He’d knelt before her. He’d lowered himself before the face of his love, bent in honor and hope. Quite as one knelt in prayer.
Heart full, Jasper took Emily’s two hands into his own and, without looking away from her face, he sank onto one bended knee before her. Her lips parted, trembled. He vowed he would kiss those lips again soon. He would kiss them until he was quite out of his mind—but only when he was done declaring his love for her.
Love first; kisses second.
“Look at me, and do not dare look away,” he said into the echoing hall. “I need you to watch me as I say this, and remember it.”
She nodded, staring down at him.
“Logic tells me I won’t ever get another chance to openly bare my heart to you, Emily. Not like this. So while we are still free, while forever still holds us together, I want you to know how grateful I am for you. In just the short span of time you have been here, you’ve strung out a lifetime of memories for me; in them I have lived a full and complete existence. I will never forget you, angel. And I will always, always love you. I have loved you from the first moment I saw you, recognizing in you something I knew was meant for me somehow. You belonged to me, even then, and I to you. Say it will remain that way and never change.” He kissed her hands, first one, then the other. “Say you love me too, Emily.”
With bated breath, he waited for her reaction. Even though he felt certain she loved him, now that the words were out there and she had not yet replied, he felt suspended and alone. He held fast to her fingers, clinging to them as he looked up at her.
“Jasper,” she said at last, and she stunned him by sinking down to where he was. Their eyes became level, and he had to restrain himself from hauling her against him then and there; it was her turn to speak. “When I first came here six years ago,” she began, “you overheard me weeping about cruel fates. But since meeting you, the very foundation of what I believe has been shaken. Yes, I still believe some fates are cruel; but there can be beauty in them too, if one only chooses to look close enough. Had I not gone through everything I went through, and you not gone through all you did, would we be here? Would I know you at all? I’d like to trust that I would have found you anyway, and maybe I actually would have. But the point is that I did find you, regardless of our circumstances. And like you, I have lived more fully in these recent days than ever before. So yes, I will say that I am yours, because how can I not be? You are as much a part of me now as I am a part of myself.” She lifted one of his hands to her face. “I love you, Jasper Duvane. I love you just as you are. And because of that, my heart will return me to you, time and again, remembering everything as it is right now.” She kissed his palm. “In that way, you’ll never really be alone; for I will always be here, coming and going, though you cannot see me.”
Jasper’s free hand shot out and grabbed at her waist. He pulled her closer, settling her against him, beside his bended knee. “So you will haunt me forever, will you?” he rasped, overpowered by the beauty of her declaration. “You will never leave me, Emily?”
“Never,” she whispered.
Their mouths met in the middle, and Jasper secured her to him, letting no space come between them. Emily melted, her hands wandering over his arms and shoulders, into his hair. The kiss drew out into the next moment, and then the next. He wasn’t sure if either of them would have ever ended it willingly.
For what purpose was there to stop?
What else was there to do but kiss, embrace, and love each other until it was over?
Jasper really should have felt grateful that he’d had the chance to finish his tale at all. He should have felt overjoyed that he’d been granted the time to tell Emily that he loved her, to hear that she loved him in return. His mind, however, was too imbibed on the idea that he deserved more. More chances, more time.
He just wanted so much more…
And that was why, when reality next reared its ugly head, he was not ready. Like an intruder itself, it burst in on them most unwelcomingly, starting off as the faintest of sounds—before then ending their moment of bliss with expert finality.
Jasper lifted his head, his gaze boring down into Emily’s as dismay gripped him by the throat. He listened, strained…
Outside, not too far away, there were dogs barking. And horse hooves, they were pounding against the earth, steadily approaching.
God, why? I should not have to lose her yet! I should not have to lose her at all!
Jasper’s arms tightened around Emily right as she began to shake her head. She heard the noises too, and she knew what they meant: it was the beginning of the end.
Tears became pulled from the depths of her eyes, spilling across her face. “Jasper,” she wept.
He kissed her, holding the side of her face in his hand. He could feel the heat rise up behind his own eyes; it burned and raged through him, setting his entire body aflame.
“Clara,” he entreated brokenly. “We must go to Clara.”
He forced himself to stand, pulling her up with him. And then, with her hand in his, they raced back into the drawing room. There they found Clara sitting ramrod straight in her chair. She was looking out the window in front of her. Then, sensing them, she looked back. Her face was pale and drawn with a look of fear.
“He’s coming,” she said.
Jasper and Emily hurried toward her. Sure enough, one glance outside proved what each of them already knew to be true. Three horsemen and a pack of dogs were rounding the moorland hills, heading directly for Valenstone.
Jasper glared at the man who rode in front. His golden hair caught the sunlight, and even from such a distance, it was clear he was riding with a sense of fury and determination. It was a sight Jasper had expected to see. What he hadn’t expected to see was that, on the horse with Clinton, was another woman. Nothing about her was distinguishable except for her violet gown, fair skin, and rippling brown hair.
Who was she?
Emily gasped, and he knew she saw the woman too. Jasper squeezed her hand and waited until her eyes met his. ‘Bess?’ he asked silently so Clara could not hear.
Emily shook her head. ‘No, Bess is blonde,’ she mouthed back, motioning to her own hair.
Jasper glared out the window again. That was when he noticed a second, much smaller figure that rode with one of the servant men. A child’s form. A girl.
A vicious sense of dread sank into Jasper.
The devil was up to something…
“Into the walls—now,” he said, pulling Clara from the chair. He gathered their things, ensuring they left nothing behind. Then he led them to the secret door in the corner.
All three of them piled through, shutting the door behind them. He turned to Emily in the dark, handing over the sketchbook and drawings, her other hand still in his. “Take Clara down to where she’ll be safe,” he told her. “You know the way now.”
He could feel her trembling, and he knew she was just as grief-stricken as he was. But adrenaline was also beginning to pump through them both now, hard and fast. Safety was, above all, the most important thing, and she knew it, same as he did.
He kissed her knuckles once more and released her. “Go, Emily.”
Emily swooped Clara up and fled. He listened, his body fighting the tremorous need to go with them. Yet as the hounds’ baying drew nearer, he narrowed his eyes and wrenched himself in the other direction. The best way to protect those he loved was to stay away for now, overseeing the invasion and listening as things unfolded.
Clinton was back, and there was simply no telling what he would do.
Chapter 27

Wherever You Go


“Warren, Claude—bring them in through the window,” Clinton called. “I picked at the front lock, but I still can’t open the door.” Then under his breath, he muttered, “Deuced concept, Hughes—who needs a key to get out of a mansion?”
The sounds of Clinton’s boots stomped through the vestibule and into the entry hall, where he then stopped and waited. In the wall just beyond the east hall, Jasper listened with a sharply trained ear as the hounds entered Valenstone next: one by one, they raced forward, howling and dispersing in every direction.
“Watch your step, Mademoiselle,” Claude mumbled, entering next. “Come inside. This way now. There’s glass, be careful.”
“Merci Monsieur,” a Frenchwoman’s voice said, sounding as though she were trying to be polite when really, she was terrified. “Quel est cet endroit? Whitmore Park?”
“I…er…I got the part about Whitmore Park. But no, we are not there yet. We’ll go there after here. And…well, I don’t understand what else you asked. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t worry about what she asked,” Clinton snapped. “And stop trying to talk to her; she can’t understand you anyway. I will be the one to speak to her if necessary. It was I who coaxed her here. The child—where is she?”
“I’ve got her,” Warren said. “Come on, little one. Here we are.”
“Maman, j'ai peur!” her tiny voice cried out.
Jasper felt his heart stutter an extra beat, hearing her. And while he didn’t know much French, he knew enough to know that the woman and child were mother and daughter, and they were afraid. They’d thought they were headed to Whitmore Park, yet had just learned they were somewhere else instead, and they knew not why.
And why were they there?
It couldn’t be for anything good.
“Élise! Ma fille, viens à moi,” the mother said, urging for her daughter to come to her.
“Non,” Clinton said. “Reste là.” To Warren and Claude, he ordered, “Keep them separated. Actually, let’s not waste any more time. Put the mother in the library. And the girl can go in the dining hall.”
Jasper came forward a step.
“Whoa, there—wait,” Claude said then, suddenly nonplussed. “What is happening? Why must we separate them?”
Clinton snorted. “Why do you care?”
“…Mr. Mathers, we just brought them through the broken window of an abandoned mansion. They didn’t know they were coming here—or that they’d be separated. For God’s sake, I didn’t know that either.”
Clinton’s laugh began to rumble through the mansion. Quietly at first, then a bit louder. It was a disturbing sound to listen to. A touch sinister. And Jasper at once recognized it as being a laugh he’d heard before. Not from Clinton, though.
But from Xavier.
This was going to be bad, indeed…
“Don’t concern yourself with their feelings anymore, Claude,” Clinton told him. “It was helpful in my cause to bring them here; but your sensitive principles are quite wearisome now.” He sighed. “Damn, Warren—I thought you said he was dependable; he is nothing but a nervous, overgrown hoptoad.”
“I’d assumed he would be of use to us, Mr. Mathers,” Warren muttered.
“Warren,” Claude stressed, his voice dropping low as his feet carried him over to where Warren stood with the child.
Jasper listened close, easing along the wall a little farther.
“What is he talking about?” Claude hissed. “What do you know that I do not? Aren’t we…aren’t we just pushing through for one last search before we head to Whitmore? I doubt this woman cares to save money on a room at the inn if it means she has to stay here.”
“Just do as Mr. Mathers says, Claude,” Warren mumbled. “Trust me.”
“…I don’t like this.”
“You don’t have to. I have already told you he tends to his matters privately and how he sees fit; I have worked for him for many years and have since learned how serious situations like these are.”
“Situations like these?”
“Stop asking questions, damn it—for your own sake. Keep your mouth shut, do as he tells you, and you won’t have to worry about him.”
“Worry about him?” Claude parroted again beneath his breath. “Why should I have to worry about him? Warren, what the hell have you dragged me into? This is beginning to reek of foul play!”
Clinton made a sound of disgust. “Devil take it, I’ve had enough of this sniveling.” And then, as if with resignation, he said, “I really hate that I have to do this so soon—” What sounded like a gun’s hammer was clicked into place. “Do as I say, right now, Claude, or I will shoot you where you stand. It’s that simple.”
Feminine gasps erupted into the air.
“Maman!”
“Mon Dieu…”
Jasper’s chest pulsed with his breath, fast and in short little bursts.
“Don’t hesitate, Claude,” Clinton warned. “I don’t want to hurt you; it is not your blood I am after today. But I will drain it, nonetheless, if I must. Separate them, as I said—now!”
“…Oh, Mademoiselle,” Claude finally agonized, “forgive me…”
The next thing Jasper knew, the woman started shrieking, and the child was wailing insistently for her mother.
“Non!” the woman screamed. “Pas mon enfant! Donnez-la moi! Aide-moi, s'il vous plaît!”
“Maman!” the child wept as she was hauled from the room. “Non! Arrêter! Vous me faites mal!”
Jasper shut his eyes. The sounds of their fear were unbearable. They, the pair of them, reminded him so much of Emily and Clara. It tore at him to think of them being pulled apart, separated by men they’d clearly thought they could trust.
“Find some way to restrain them,” Clinton called over the chaos. “I will visit the child first, then the mother.”
“Mademoiselle, please!” Claude beseeched. “Let me just take you over here and—ouch!”
“Claude…” Clinton groaned. “Stop being a coward. You cannot just stand in her way and coax her back; you will need to take her there by force.”
“I can’t do that!”
“What is it about me telling you that I will shoot you dead that you don’t comprehend? Take the damn woman to the library, I said!”
“Oh, Mademoiselle, won’t you please come with me?” Claude tried again. “I don’t want to have to make you. He’s going to shoot us! Don’t you see that?”
“Non! Va-t'en! Ne me touche pas!”
“Mr. Mathers, I can’t do this…No, Christ’s blood, don’t shoot me! She is a hellcat! I-I-I am simply not able to handle her on my own!”
“Why doesn’t that surprise me?” Clinton followed after Claude and the panic-stricken mother. “Hold still, you little witch—you had this coming. Claude, hold her arms down by her waist and wrap her close to you. I will get her by the feet.”
“Non! Non! Mon Dieu! Aide-moi!”
Down in the east hall, closer to where Jasper was, he could hear the child screaming as Warren hauled her into the dining hall. “Maman! Maman! J'ai peur! Aider!”
Jasper scowled, hating that he had to choose one over the other, the mother or the child. But being that this was Clinton’s scheme, it was probably best to keep to wherever he was; it was the quickest way to gather information. So, jaw tight, Jasper tunneled his way down through the house, coming up again just inside the wall of the library. He crossed his arms and listened.
“Egad, this house!” Claude mumbled. “Don’t you hear it, Mr. Mathers? It moves!”
“Claude, you really are the most insufferable weakling I have ever known. Yes, I hear it. I’ve heard it before, too,” he grunted. “Every time I came to one of Duvane’s balls—the house was always full of creaks. But fear not, old man. It’s just the cursed ghosts of the Hughes family. We’ve awoken them again by entering their home, uninvited.”
“…You don’t mean that…”
“God spare me. I cannot deal with you. It’s a house! That’s it! Now stop whining, or else I’ll tie you up beside this flailing creature and deal with you both accordingly!” Clinton slammed the door shut. “All right. Get her to that settee over there.”
“Non! Élise! Ma fille! Ma fille! Je veux ma fille!”
Jasper gritted his teeth as a huge struggle ensued. French and English obscenities flew through the air as furniture was knocked over. His hands bunched when he heard a loud whack, then whimpered crying. A second whack, and then there was silence.
Jasper had to cover his mouth to keep himself quiet, rage boiling to the surface.
“Oh…” Claude said, sounding horrified. “Mr. Mathers, I think you knocked her unconscious…”
“About bloody well time! I could take no more of her clawing.” He spat on the floor. “Demon witch. You’ll get yours, Emily. Soon enough, I’ll make sure of it.”
Emily?! Jasper shuddered. What in the world was Clinton talking about? Had he completely lost his mind? That woman was clearly not Emily…
“Sir…are you well?” Claude managed. “That is not your wife.”
“I know that. I am not a brainless idiot like you.”
“But you just—”
“I cannot find her, Claude!” Clinton suddenly roared at him. “She and Clara have vanished! They’ve gone past Millwood, and I cannot ascertain their direction!” He began stomping about, pacing. Something went crashing to the floor. “God, it’s going to take me ages to root them out; I can feel it in my bones! It makes me sick.”
“…It’s all right, sir,” Claude quavered. “You will find them. Perhaps your efforts alone are simply not enough. Maybe it’s time we just go to the constable and—”
“Don’t be stupid. I will do no such thing. Let anyone find out she has run away from me, and everyone will be looking at me. I cannot afford their scrutiny; it is more serious than you realize.”
“Why? It is not y-your fault Mrs. Mathers is not the woman you thought her to be,” Claude continued to cajole—even as his voice trembled; he knew now he was talking to someone pressed against the edge of madness. “Come on, sir…please. Let us be reasonable. Let us seek help. No one will judge you for her flawed character.”
“Oh, yes they will! They already have—throughout the whole of my marriage! And I am sick to death of people noticing. My reputation is a carefully constructed defense, damn it all; no one can see me. No one knows anything…”
“…No one knows anything about what, sir?”
“What a deuced fool I was to have married her,” Clinton went on as though he could not hear him. “Seduced by beauty, lulled by a guise of innocence—it was nothing but a siren’s call; she was only ever meant to be my torment!”
“Mr. Mathers—”
“Shut up!” he shouted savagely. “I cannot accept that she has abandoned me in this way, Claude! I will not accept it! I want her back! She needs to understand the depth of her mistake in treating me as she has. So I must do something about it…I am trembling with the need to demonstrate my feelings.”
“…Do you mean to demonstrate them with this woman here? Is that what is happening?”
Clinton released a long breath. “I would tell you if I felt like I could trust you, Claude. But I can’t, can I? Warren was wrong…”
“Don’t talk like that; you may trust me. Tell me your intentions, sir. P-perhaps I may help you…if you help me understand, that is…You have kept me in the dark. I have no idea what is happening.”
A lengthy pause ensued.
“Look at that French tart over there,” Clinton finally breathed. “She looks so much like my wife…Don’t you think?”
“Perhaps,” Claude pacified.
“I was so relieved when I found her. She was like a finely wrapped present wandering the streets yesterday. She is why I had you and Warren return to check the mansion for me. I wanted to bring her here—so that I may keep her. No one saw us together, Claude. And no one will ever think to look for her here when she turns up missing…Not for a long, long time…”
“Mr. Mathers…”
“She is not as beautiful as Emily,” Clinton said, ignoring him. Boots fell heavily over the floor again. “But she is a good enough substitute. Her and her wailing darling down the hall. Oh, my dear little family—my sweet, precious, traitorous, deceitful little family! How I will punish them!” Something was chucked across the room, slamming into the bookshelves where it shattered. “Damn that wicked bitch for thinking she could steal my child—my child!—and disappear like that. And to think Clara willingly went with her! Treacherous brat! I should have done away with them years ago instead of hanging on to them. They were never conducive to concealing my private pretentions as I’d hoped; they only ever brought unwanted attention upon me! And as for you, Claude—blast you for questioning me earlier. Do not ever do it again. And let this be a reminder, lest you endeavor to forget why!”
Another struggle erupted until Claude grunted in breathless pain, having been dealt a swift blow of some sort—or worse; it was hard to know.
The woman stirred then, crying out in sudden fear.
But by that time, Jasper was already backing away. His world was spinning, and he could only listen now with half an ear.
“Here’s your chance to survive the day, Claude,” Clinton said, his voice fading. “Find something to tie her up with. Hurry, before her wits are fully restored. Rip the drapery down; I do not care. I will be back later. In the meantime, do not dare leave her side.”
Claude gasped for breath. “Where…where will you be?”
“Everywhere,” Clinton seethed, sounding farther still. “I have to get some of this out of me so I can take my time with my precious Emily and Clara. If I deal with them now, this will be over too soon; and I do not want that at all. I want tonight to last as long as possible. I simply have too much inside me.” Something else went crashing across the room. “Oh, that feels better already.” He laughed that sickening laugh again. “Excuse me now, Claude. I’m going to tear apart this mansion, room by room. And when I am done, I will return. First to the child, then to the mother—I always save the best for last.”
Jasper turned, bumping into the tunnel wall like a deaf and blind man. He could not hear or see anymore. He couldn’t even think straight. All he could focus on was the impending doom that stretched out before him.
He had to help that woman and her child. There was no way he could sit back and listen as Clinton tortured them. There was no way he could allow Emily and Clara to listen to it, either. But in order to help anyone at all, he was going to have to deal with people directly. It was all going to spiral into a loud, perhaps brutal affair. And he’d already decided that such a situation wasn’t one he wanted Emily and Clara to pay witness to. They would hear too much, know too much. They would suffer for it.
There was only one thing to do.
He was going to have to get Emily and Clara to safety—and Valenstone was no longer that place. It was time to let them go.
Overcome, Jasper rushed ahead. He ran unseeingly through the tunnels, headed straight down to where his love sat waiting, having no idea that the end had come at last.



Emily was growing increasingly alarmed. She and Clara had been sitting in Jasper’s apartment for a long time now. And since getting there, she’d overheard a great deal. None of it sounded good, either.
Footsteps stampeded through the house; hounds barked and howled, undoubtedly picking up traces of her scent again. She heard shouts, muffled cries in French, and things breaking. In her mind, she could picture Clinton: he was bloodthirsty and throwing things, nearly foaming with outrage that he’d not yet located her.
Just hurry and leave, she thought. Can’t you see I am not here?! The dogs are wrong, and the scent is an old one; Clara and I are gone! Push your search elsewhere! Take your companions with you!
Even as she thought these things and prayed for them to come true, she also knew that once he left, it would not be long before she did too. And she did not want to go! The concept that she would do just that, perhaps by nightfall, was tearing her in two! She couldn’t think about it. She was going to be sick.
In an attempt to soothe both herself and her daughter, she cradled Clara’s small form closer and pressed her hands more firmly over the girl’s ears. She hummed and rocked her, back and forth. Over and over again.
In her mind, she thought of the sea. She placed herself there beside it, free and away from all the danger. She would be there soon, as would Clara.
Focus on the positive, she thought. Focus on how happy Clara will be with room to run and play. It will not always be like this. We will find a way to survive…
With an uncustomary burst of sound and movement, Jasper entered the room. Emily jerked in startlement, and Clara lifted her head to look. He appeared pale and ill as he assessed them where they sat on the floor. His shoulders hung low and limp. In truth, he looked near to collapsing.
“Jasper,” she said, “tell us what is happening.”
“Too much,” he lamented, his chest heaving with the words. He began stalking toward their belongings. “Time’s up, angel. I have to get you out of here—at once.”
Emily’s chest split open, and an unrelenting amount of pain swept in. “What?!”
“Mr. Duvane, no!” Clara cried.
His face twisted savagely. “We cannot afford to argue. Get up, and come with me now.”
Emily gaped at him, not understanding, not believing! “Stay put,” she murmured against Clara’s ear. “I will find out what is going on.”
Clara whimpered and shoved her face into her doll, nodding. Easing away, Emily stood and went to him. He slung her carpetbag over his shoulder, the act appearing resolute and ultimately, very final.
“Talk to me,” she demanded.
“There is no more time to talk.” He handed over her bonnet and mantle, not meeting her eyes. “Put these on.”
She shook her head at him, crossing her arms. “No.”
“Emily, please. Do as I say.”
“I will not do anything at all until you tell me why you are so determined to send us away—and at such a moment as this! Listen to him; he is still up there, raging!”
“I am aware of that, and I have a plan. But we must hurry.”
She came forward a step and touched him on the arm. “Jasper, look at me. You’re scaring me. What is going on?”
He shifted his tormented gaze to hers. Eternity spun in his eyes, and Emily fell into it, spiraling with him.
“You saw the woman with him,” he said. “Did you see the child, as well?”
She sucked in a breath. “No.”
“There was a girl. A small one, perhaps no bigger than Clara. Emily, he…” He glared upward. “He feels he’s lost you for an indefinite amount of time. He has no idea where you are, and he cannot stand it. He wants to punish you. So he has brought two innocents here in your and Clara’s stead.” He met her eyes again. “Emily, they may die today if nothing is done.”
Emily gagged on her shock, her hand coming to cover her mouth. Clinton was going to hurt other people, another woman and child, because he couldn’t get to her and Clara?! He must have truly gone mad!
“What is to be done?” she implored.
“I must help them, of course. I cannot sit by and let him torture these people! This is going to go badly, Emily, one way or the other. Hopefully, Clinton will bear the sole brunt of it, but I make no guarantees. All I know is I have to free them before he harms them further. And I have to free you, too…”
Emily had no more words. None. She was devoid of all ability to think or speak.
“You are not safe here anymore, angel. The time has come for you to run. I am going to deter the dogs. And you…” He choked for a moment, seeming to find it just as difficult to speak as she did. “You are going to gather yourself and Clara and leave this house. Do you understand me?”
She shook her head.
“Emily,” he pled, “I cannot let you listen to what’s about to happen. I cannot risk failing if you are here, leaving you to discover the aftermath. It will scar you and Clara for life. You must go now.”
She shook her head again.
Swearing under his breath, Jasper put the bonnet on her, stilling her movements. He tied the ribbons with shaking hands beneath her chin. Then around her shoulders, he settled the mantle. After closing its clasp by her throat, he stormed away from her. She watched, off balance as he picked up the white gloves that she’d worn the night before and shoved them into his coat pocket.
“Clara,” he mumbled. “Come to me.”
Clara obeyed him immediately. “Mr. Duvane! I’m scared!”
“Nothing will happen to you. I promise.”
He picked her up, holding her close. Then he faced Emily again. She continued to stand there, unable to utter a word.
It was all happening too fast. She was supposed to have a little more time. Just a little more! This couldn’t be it!
“Emily,” he commanded, reaching for her. “Don’t do this to me. Don’t do this to Clara! As her mother, you must protect her.”
His words gutted her, but they were effective; she cast one last look about the room, at the painting and the abandoned gown, and then she dashed forward. Her hand slipped into his, and she went with him into the tunnel.
The mansion groaned and sighed as they fled through it. Not that Clinton could hear it. He was too busy spewing vile profanities as he threw things around, damning her, Clara, and the house to hell. He must have been holding in his rage for too long in Millwood. He’d spent several tiring days hunting for her in secret. No doubt he’d worked very hard to appear inconspicuous in the meantime too, peering into all the nooks and crannies. It must have driven him insane to be in such a wild state of panic yet not be able to show it.
Well, he was certainly unleashing it now. He was tearing Valenstone apart, exacting his vengeance on everything he saw—and eventually, if he could, the unassuming woman and girl, as well. How terrifying for them! How unfair and cruel!
And Jasper…
He was once again throwing himself on the line—because of her! Because of Clinton!
Jasper, she thought, words finding their way into her mind. Oh, Jasper! I can’t leave you like this! I can’t leave you with him!
Suffocating under the onslaught of her tears, she stumbled along after him. She felt frantic, a little crazed, and she pulled at him weakly, needing him to slow down so she could think. But then, he suddenly stopped altogether. She bumped into him with unexpected force. Gasping at the blessed contact, she rested her head against the back of his coat.
“Jasper,” she cried softly. “We can think of something else—anything else! Let me help you try and stop him! We can do this together.”
“No, Emily.”
“I will fetch help, then. I will go to Millwood and send people back to you, back to stop Clinton!”
He whirled around on her. “Don’t you dare do that,” he said in a firm, unyielding whisper.
“You said you feared failing.”
“I only meant that in relation to myself—if I managed to keep myself safe. I have every intention and belief I can help that woman and child down there; I know I can, even if it proves difficult. And I know I can take care of Clinton, as well.”
“But you may not have to! Let me send for help; Clinton needs to be brought to justice!”
“Do you really believe that he would be?” he asked with quiet severity. “Think of all he’s done to you and Clara. Think of how much he’s already gotten away with. Look at how bold he is in what he’s doing now; he’s comfortable with it. Emily, I…” He covered Clara’s ear and pressed her head against his chest belatedly. “I heard him insinuate that he’s done things like this before—and gotten away with it. You knew your husband even less than you thought. So no, do not send for help; I will deal with him myself. I want to be the one to do it!”
“Jasper…”
“Emily, listen to me. I told you I will place myself between you and danger if ever it was necessary. Now the time has come; don’t deny me my chance. I cannot let him get away with this. I cannot let him leave this house. Tell me you understand that.”
Emily stared at him, but nodded.
Grunting, he kissed Clara on the top of her head and lowered his hand from her ear. “Thank you. Now, stay right here while I do something.”
“What?”
“Your scent is everywhere, but nowhere at all,” he told her. “It’s leading the dogs on a meaningless hunt. So I am planting something specific that will look out of place—your gloves—to distract them and anyone else who rushes to their baying.” He let Clara slide to the floor, removing the gloves from his pocket. “This will keep them at one end of the house so you can slip out the other. Don’t worry about it being evidence of your presence here. No one is coming after you anymore. Not ever again.”
Jasper rotated away from her and opened the secret door to their left, pausing to listen. Then he slipped through it and shut it behind him. Emily pulled Clara to her, and they cried together in the dark while they waited for him to return. When he did, he picked up Clara again, reclaimed Emily’s hand, and they turned in a new direction. He forced them along urgently, not slowing even when Emily stumbled a few times.
Just then, far behind them now, the hounds’ barking increased in volume. They collected together, channeling into one concentrated region of the house. They’d found the gloves, quite as Jasper had anticipated, and were now sufficiently distracted.
Jasper raced to a stop once again. Then another hidden door opened, swinging inward, and he looked out. That time, when he stepped through, he took Clara and Emily with him. They were in a sinking corridor on the second floor, one that dipped and wound like a snake. He veered them toward a window.
Looking through it, Emily could see they were only perhaps three yards from the ground below. The moors stretched out far and empty, a hill looming not too far away. It was the same hill she’d descended when she’d arrived at night, lost, Clara in her arms…
Jasper flung the window open, permitting a stiff breeze into the hall. It ruffled his rich, long hair and warm, woodsy scent. She stared at him, smelling him, paralyzed all over again.
“This is the lowest point in the mansion I can bring you to without taking you to the first floor or basement, Emily—and it’s not safe anywhere down there right now,” he said, staring penetratingly into her eyes. “Beyond this window, Millwood is about three miles to the west. The horses outside have fled, so I want you to run there. Run, and do not look back.”
“I can’t,” she said, tears bursting forth.
“You can, and you must!”
“Mr. Duvane,” Clara cried from her place against his chest, forcing them both to look at her. “Is this goodbye?”
He made a soft sound in the back of his throat, and his embrace turned fierce. “It is.”
Her face crumpled. “I don’t want to go. I love you!”
“Oh, don’t cry,” he rasped. “Please, don’t. I love you too. But don’t you see? That is why I must let you go! I love you, and I have to keep you safe.”
Clara shoved her face to his neck.
“Be good to your mother, Clara,” he whispered. “Practice your drawing wherever you go. And when you think of me, let it not be with sorrow; remember me as I have been—with you. Be happy.”
His eyes met Emily’s again, and there was a wild sort of pain in their depths. “Emily…come here…”
His faltered words were all she needed. She threw her arms around him, wrapping all three of them together. He kissed her, and she let him. What Clara saw now didn’t matter anymore.
“Angel,” he said against her mouth, “forgive me. I didn’t want it to be like this.”
“It’s not your fault,” she wept. “None of this has been fair at all.”
He shook his head. “No, it hasn’t. But I love you anyway, in spite of every unfair situation that has come before you or will ever come after you. I will always love you.” He pressed his cheek to hers. “Say it back now, before I go mad.”
“I love you, Jasper. I love you so much. I have known true happiness in your arms—and not a day will go by when I won’t be wishing I was back in them!”
He quaked a little, his lips finding her ear. “God, save me. Hold fast to your promise, Emily; come back and haunt me at once. I will be looking for you everywhere.”
He kissed her mouth one last time, molding her to him as if to imprint her there forever. Then he released her. Her legs were wobbly and, in her mind, totally unreliable. She wavered. He paid no attention, though. Taking the bag, he adorned her with it. An instant later, he was ushering her through the window, helping her down with one powerful arm.
When he let go, Emily tumbled a bit. And when her booted feet landed in the grass below, she swayed. She wiped at her cheeks and looked around, frightened. How was she going to manage to run for her life, to run away from Jasper, no less, if she could barely even stand on her own?
Turning, she saw him handing Clara down to her. Her arms trembled, but she caught her child, enfolding her close and tight. From the grass, she and Clara stared up at him. Valenstone’s shadows lurked at his back as freedom sprawled behind theirs.
Emily had never felt farther from him.
They were worlds apart already.
Jasper seemed to feel the weight of the moment come upon them also. He rested his hands on either side of the window, bracing himself there like he needed the physical support. “Now, angel,” he said down to her, his voice grave and uneven. “Go now.”
Severing herself from him, Emily fled from the mansion. And she complied with his request that she not look back, though it wasn’t because she didn’t want to see him again. No. She didn’t look back for fear of one thing only: She would return to him. His tragic form in the window, watching her leave him would be her final undoing.



Jasper suspected very much that he was going to fall apart at any moment. Granted, he’d known it was coming; he’d brushed against the pain too many times already. But to feel it now in its infiniteness was another experience entirely.
Hands bracketing the window, his body heaving for breath, he searched himself for a way to avoid the breakdown. It’d been a long time since Jonathan had last left him. Longer still since Caroline had died. What had he done afterward? How had he survived? What sort of strategy could he use that would help him now?
Jasper’s world trembled, Emily fading.
Nothing.
He could think of nothing.
But that was because this wasn’t like before. He wasn’t losing a friend or a mother figure. He was losing the love of his life and the child he wished was his own. This was worse. Much, much worse.
Emily…I don’t know if I can do this…
Jasper’s fingers bit into the wood, and he felt himself becoming desperate. If he didn’t find a way to save himself soon, he was going to go spiraling into a grief-stricken frenzy. And he simply couldn’t afford to lose his grip on sanity yet. There was work to be done; he was not finished saving Emily—or the others who were now in peril in his home.
But still, he couldn’t seem to function properly. He couldn’t move from the window. He couldn’t do anything at all but watch Emily and Clara as they fled farther away from him—two black, fluttering birds against the heather and heath.
In his shameless state, he actually contemplated throwing himself from the window and running after them. He wanted to demand that they wait. He wanted them to take him to the sea where they could all live happily until…until…
Until the demons who would hunt me come for us all!
Before Jasper could do anything stupid, he shut the window and locked it. His vision burned and blurred, and he struggled to follow their silhouettes through the glass. They were convoluted now. Distorted black shapes. No longer themselves.
When, in a blip of movement, they disappeared over the hill, he didn’t register it at first; it’d happened too swiftly. But the longer he stared, seeing no sight of them, the murderous truth slammed into him: they were gone.
He turned from the window, stunned. The very floor beneath his feet seemed to open up. And an awful sense of permanency settled over him, pushing him under.
Emily…No…Wait…
Jasper fisted his hand in front of his mouth, his throat beginning to convulse with sorrow. Strangled, inhuman sounds tore their way up from his chest. Suffocating, he sank to his haunches. There. He was unraveling at last, falling apart right there by the window where anyone could find him.
Emily!!! he raged. Don’t leave! Come back! Plague me now! Where are you?
He looked around the silent, empty hall like a madman. This way and that, his smoldering gaze switched as he frantically tried to conjure her image. But she was nowhere. The walls and shadows were, again, his only friends. One loud, mournful sob wrenched free of him, echoing far and away.
And then, somewhere, Clinton’s own roar filled the mansion. The sound hauled Jasper out of his despair just enough to keep his head above water. He regained his senses, his purpose, and he gasped a garroted breath.
Emily, I love you! he bellowed inwardly, feeling much more like a wounded beast than a man. I will lose myself to this pain later. I can’t yet! Vengeance will be sought on your behalf, angel. Clinton won’t live through the night.
Holding fast to the fury that wove a tenuous seam around his heartbreak, he lunged from the floor and returned himself to the walls. Love and hate warred within him as he ran; they clashed against his soul like good versus evil. He was going to have to use both powers if he wished to succeed in bringing this madness to a final end.
First, he needed to do away with the dogs and Clinton’s accomplices. Then he had every intention of dragging Clinton straight to hell. He would be his deliverer—gladly. Other than being loved by Emily and Clara, it would be the greatest honor of his life.
Hurriedly, Jasper went back to the location of where he’d planted the gloves: the basement serving area. He could hear the rising noise of the dogs and confused male voices, and he listened to them over his thundering pulse.
“Claude, damn you, man! The gloves—we must give them to Mr. Mathers! She’s obviously still here!”
“Maybe she’s not. They could be from when she’d been here last time…”
“I doubt that. We would have found them before!”
“I don’t know, Warren…”
“You don’t know what?”
“…Must we bring them to him? He will probably focus more on our disobedience in leaving the Frenchwoman and her child alone…”
“Pull yourself together,” Warren scoffed. “Go find him and give him the gloves—at once!”
“Me? Why not you?!”
“Because he doubts your loyalty. This may show him you’re trying; it may spare your life.”
Jasper came forward a step, closer to the secret door that would lead him into the main servants’ hall. His gaze barreled through the darkness.
“Warren,” Claude began, “I am not loyal to him, and I don’t know why you are. I think we should hide these; I think we should leave her be. It doesn’t sit right with me, handing over evidence of her being here—not anymore! Look at how small these gloves are. And listen to him! He is out of his mind! He’ll snap her in half like a reed if he gets ahold of her!”
“It’s either her or that little French miss he has in the library. Might as well spare the innocent one and let him have the one he’s really after.”
“Mrs. Mathers is innocent, too, Warren. I have no doubt of that now. And don’t forget, there are also children on the line…Two little girls!”
“Yes, and our lives are on the line too! Now, take the damn gloves up to him.”
“No.”
Something in Claude’s tone had shifted, sounding staunch and unyielding.
Warren must have sensed it too, for it took him a while before he replied. “Fine, then,” he said at last. “I will do what you will not—and then I’ll stand by and watch as Mr. Mathers takes care of you later. Give them here.”
“…No.”
“Damn you for a fool, I said give them here!”
The sounds of them tussling began to fill the quiet. Jasper used their distractedness to his benefit and crept through the hidden door like a black shadow. He could see the men in the main corridor now. They were wrestling for the gloves just beyond the kitchen and adjoining serving rooms.
Jasper sidled against the wall, creeping nearer to them. They were similar in their large stature, both wide-chested and dirty from the moors. He had no way to know who was who. Brows knitting, he looked over their shoulders; he could see the dogs—six wailing bloodhounds traipsing over one another in the pantry where they sniffed like mad. He saw his opportunity to act, and so he did.
Seizing both men by the backs of their collars, he hauled them apart and yanked them viciously down the hall and toward the larder. He kicked the pantry door shut as he went, trapping the dogs inside; they barked and leapt against the wood.
Stumbling into the larder, Claude and Warren looked around in total disorientation. When their gazes fell upon Jasper in the doorway, they blanched, shock filling their eyes and seizing their bones; they went utterly still.
“Which one of you is Warren?” he demanded, taking a step forward.
They both pointed at each other.
“Speak! I am running out of time.”
“Him!” one of them cried. “H-Him! He’s Warren!”
Jasper scowled, at once recognizing the man’s voice as Warren’s.
“Coward,” Jasper muttered, coming forward again.
“No, don’t come any closer! God! Mr. Mathers, help! Please! Claude, do something!”
Claude stood motionless.
Suddenly, Warren started throwing things—whatever he could get his hands on. Ladles, bowls, pots. Jasper dodged them all. But he realized then that, while he’d only been intent on immobilizing the man by tying him up, it seemed he was going to have to resort to more drastic measures.
So be it.
The time for being gentle had long since passed.
Jasper reached out, dodging a hastily flung cutting board. He snatched a wooden rolling pin from a shelf. Without hesitating, he swung it at Warren, bringing it down hard and swift against the side of the man’s head. Warren crumpled to the floor in a heap, and he did not move again.
Jasper peered down at him, exasperated already. He dropped the pin to the floor in a clatter. Then he slanted a glance at Claude—who had the look of a man whose life was flashing before his eyes.
“Claude,” he murmured, “you were wanting to keep Emily Mathers safe. Do you still want to?”
“…Uh…Y-yes, I believe I do…”
“Good. Help me, then. Tie this man up.” He pulled down a roll of brown packaging string. “Make sure it’s fastened good and tight. If he wakes up again, tell him I made you do it and that you’re not allowed to untie him. And if he starts calling for Clinton Mathers again, find a way to ensure that he stops.” He looked around, then grabbed at a folded rag. “Gag him with this,” he said, tossing the rag at Claude.
Claude caught the fluttering fabric and cradled it to his heaving chest. Jasper stared at him, and he began to feel a little sorry for him. Claude wasn’t a bad man. He was, in many ways, a victim in his own right.
“Stay here now, Claude,” he said, his voice softening. “Watch over him. You will leave a free man by sunrise; Clinton will not be harming anyone ever again. Is that understood?”
“Yes…”
Jasper turned to leave.
“Wait!”
He halted, giving him his twisted side as he looked back.
“Who are you?” Claude whispered.
“…It’s better if I don’t tell you. All you need to know is I was never really here; I don’t even exist at all. Does that work?”
“Oh hell, I knew this bloody house was haunted!”
Jasper grimaced. “It’s more haunted than you know. Now, excuse me. I must leave.” He turned away again. “There are yet another two terrified females that need my help escaping this house of the damned.”
And I have a sneaking suspicion they won’t be nearly as quick to trust me as the first two…
Chapter 28

Whispers of the Past


Emily’s body was pounding with her blood. She felt it everywhere inside her, rushing and racing, hot and insistent. Aches that reminded her of her escape from Whitmore were back with unequivocal strength. Her head pulsed sharply from crying so much; her lungs burned with air that tasted of moorland earth; and her legs and feet were mercilessly throbbing from running.
She bore it all with as much dignity as she could muster. In some ways, the pain actually helped her. She leaned into her physical suffering as a way to fill the empty cavity her chest had become. Without her heart, it was a barren wasteland where nothing new could flourish. Only the fierce conviction she had to save the child in her arms remained; it vined over all her aching, hollow places, keeping her together.
Perhaps one day, she would be able to think of Jasper and find her heart again at Valenstone Mansion. For now, though, all she wanted was to get herself away from everything—while she still had the willpower to do it.
When Millwood began to creep into view, Emily almost shouted in relief. She knew she’d only been running for about a half an hour, but her body was about to give in on itself. She stared at the village as she approached, clinging to the hope that she would be there soon, on a coach bound for the railway. And then she’d be off to…
Emily stumbled a little bit, no longer sure.
Up until then, she’d thought she’d be able to go to the sea; it’d been the plan all along. Now, though, she didn’t know if she could do it. She didn’t think she’d be able to bear looking at the sea without Jasper at her side. No, she needed to go somewhere else. Perhaps deep in the dales of the countryside. Or maybe high in some mountainous terrain. Anywhere but where she could see the sparkling waters of the sea.
Clara would understand. She might even share Emily’s feelings and not want to glimpse it either. In truth, they were both going to be raw for a while, especially when it came to things that reminded them of Jasper.
And there were so many things.
There were going to be echoes of him in everything they saw and did. Anytime Clara ate an apple, or when Christmastime came and the Plum Pudding was lit with flaming brandy vapors. Whenever they sang Forever Yours as they rehearsed their dancing, or each moment Clara chose to practice her drawing.
Jasper would be doing just as much haunting as they were sure to be doing to him!
In that way, Emily had sensed the risks and foreseen the pain. It was just the manner in which they’d had to leave him that rocked her now. What a dreadful mess! It was worse than she’d envisioned, because not for one moment had she thought Clinton would ever bring another woman and child into the house. She couldn’t have predicted he would wish to harm them or that Jasper, benevolent man that he was, would actually end up sacrificing himself for everyone’s safety and wellbeing.
Oh, Clinton! The rotten, revolting man! He simply had no limits!
He’d swooped in like the golden-haired villain that he was and robbed her of what few precious moments she’d had left with Jasper.
She had expected to have at least a decent measure of time to give her love a proper goodbye. Long hugs. Secret kisses. Heartfelt declarations that would live inside them forever. Instead, their parting had been forced upon them by a cruel and pressurized situation. They’d had seconds to say goodbye. And now she and Clara were gone. And Jasper…
Dear Jasper!
He was left behind to battle it out with Clinton for her, for those poor souls that’d been dragged into her nightmare.
Oh, I cannot think about it! I am utterly powerless. Jasper would not let me stay and help! He wouldn’t even consent to let me send for help! So I must focus on Clara. She is the only one I can rescue at this point!
Emily continued to pound her feet into the earth, pulling herself farther away from him. Her eyes followed the rooftops of the village, which were growing larger and more defined as she drew nearer. She began to see people too. Not distinctly, but their shapes and movements were there. That was when she let herself slow down.
Her breathing was ragged, and she was sure she looked a fright. She had to find some semblance of composure before she arrived. Granted, she didn’t know anyone there, and no one really knew who she was either; Clinton had not ever permitted her to go to Millwood before. But she couldn’t wander into a village where Clinton had just been for days and expect to remain entirely inconspicuous.
How much questioning had he been doing? How much of an alarm was raised that a woman and child were missing, whether he meant to raise one or not? Did anyone know that another woman and child had gone missing that afternoon, as well?
There was no way to know for sure until she got there.
“Can you walk now?” she asked by Clara’s cheek. “I am quite weary and need a break.”
Clara let herself slide down to the ground. She held her doll tight against her chest and walked in dutiful silence. Emily looked at her a little fretfully.
“There is Millwood just up there,” she said.
Clara stared ahead.
“I know we are in need of food and rest—we will get both as soon as we arrive. Meanwhile, we will wait for a coach that will take us away from here. As we do so, we will also need to make sure we appear as unassuming as possible.”
“…Unassuming?”
“Discreet, like we have nothing to hide and wish to blend in with everyone else.”
“That is impossible.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Yes, it is. We do have something to hide.” Clara’s bottom lip trembled, and her face constricted with frustrated sorrow. “Mr. Duvane is in trouble. He is with Papa now—and no one is all right with him.”
Emily swallowed. “Mr. Duvane is a very brave man. He knows what to do.”
And in truth, I think your father will have more to fear from him than the other way around—hopefully.
“What about that woman and her little girl?” Clara asked.
Stricken by the words, Emily stopped walking. She held fast to Clara’s elbow and pulled her to a stop as well. Clara refused to look at her.
“You heard us talking about them, Clara?” Emily demanded.
“You two whisper a lot, and usually, I can’t hear you. But that time, I did.”
Emily cast a quick, pleading glance up at the sky. “Oh, Clara—I’m so sorry. We tried…I only…” She sighed, feeling faint. “Mr. Duvane and I did our best to protect you in every way we could. Whispering was one of those ways. There are some things you just shouldn’t know.”
“Like how Papa plans to hurt that woman and child, pretending they are us?”
Oh God!
Emily winced and covered her face. Things were growing worse by the moment. All she’d wanted to do when she’d set out on this journey was to protect herself and her child. She hated the fact that even though healing had taken place, more trauma was also occurring!
“Your father is not a well man, Clara,” she mumbled.
“I know that already. Mr. Duvane taught me that! You did too! Papa is a mean and bad man, Mama. He doesn’t treat people right. And he should! Especially you and me because we are—I mean, we were his family. I am glad we are not anymore.”
Emily had no idea what to say. So she stood there, the moorland breeze pulling at her skirts, and waited for Clara to continue.
“I love Mr. Duvane. And he loves me.”
“I know, darling.”
“I…I told him…Mama, I told him that I wish he could be my real father.”
Emily’s lips parted. “You did?”
Clara nodded.
“What did he say?”
“He said he wishes he could be too.”
Emily’s eyes slid shut.
“I asked if I could pretend that he was anyway,” Clara continued, “and he said yes. He is a good man. And I love him. I really do.”
“I love him, too,” Emily confessed, weak.
“He should be coming with us.”
She looked at her daughter again. “He can’t.”
“Why?”
“For reasons that are out of our control. All you need to know is he has to stay where he is, and he is doing what he can to ensure that your father doesn’t follow us either. We must accept and respect that.”
“Papa is not his monster to fight, Mama. He is ours.”
Emily pulled the burdensome weight of the carpetbag from her shoulder and sank to her knees in the swaying heather. “Clara, your father is not our monster. He is his own.”
“And we left Mr. Duvane with him, all alone! Just as you were left with him, all alone! And I! And Nanny Bess!” Riotous tears were brimming in Clara’s eyes. “How can we do that to him?”
Emily couldn’t help it, then; her instincts rose up in mournful distress at what was being said—and how her precious girl was presently looking at her. There was stunned anger in her eyes. Anger and a desperate sense of love for the man neither of them wanted to leave.
“We had no choice but to leave when and how we did,” Emily choked out. “Mr. Duvane knows and understands that. He is the one who urged us to go. He wants us to be safe because he loves us! People make difficult sacrifices for those they love.”
“Yes, and we love him too. So shouldn’t we make sacrifices for him?” Clara stamped her little foot. “We have to go back.”
Emily’s pulse began racing. “Clara, I would never sacrifice you for anyone—and returning would put you at risk. I won’t do that, and Mr. Duvane won’t either. It is out of our hands. So we must go.”
“But—”
“I’m sorry, Clara. We must go!”
Emily stood up again, throwing the strap of her bag over her shoulder. She took Clara by the hand and resumed walking, her pace quick and unrelenting.
“What if you went without me?” Clara challenged.
Emily turned her face away and said nothing.
“Mama? Talk to me. What if you went back to him without me?”
“I am not leaving your side for any reason. So dash that idea from your mind at once.”
Emily marched on. Up ahead, Millwood danced like a mirage behind a rising wall of tears in her eyes. It was all she’d wanted since she’d first run away with Clara. She’d been dreaming of this place, this corner of the moors that could catapult them to freedom. But now that it was there before her, all she felt was the presence of what she was abandoning behind her.
“I can’t dash the idea,” Clara suddenly whimpered. “We need to go back!”
“Clara, please don’t talk like this anymore. I am in a very fragile state right now. I do not want to weep like I did earlier.”
“Why not? It is okay to cry. I am crying too! Mama, please stop walking!”
Emily halted and turned her attention to her daughter. Clara was gazing up at her, her eyes wide and pleading—and full of wisdom that made no sense at all. She looked like she had all the answers, if only Emily would listen to her.
Poor child.
She didn’t know that Emily had already tried every avenue. And they all led to the same thing: a future where Jasper could only be with them in their dreams.
“I hate that you’re hurting, Clara. The way we left him was most unfair. It’s true. It was never supposed to be like that. But we cannot go back and change it. In time, you will understand that this was the only way for you and I to be free together. Mr. Duvane believes in us; we cannot let him down.”
“We are letting him down by leaving! Just because he says we must go, doesn’t mean we have to listen to him! He can’t be right about everything!”
“Mr. Duvane knows what he is doing. He would not have sent us away if he didn’t have to.”
Clara’s brows snapped together. “He saved us. He has done it again and again. We can save him too.”
“Clara…Mr. Duvane has worked very hard to free us. And you want us to leap right back into danger? We can’t! I must protect you!”
“Then leap into it without me!” Clara insisted again.
Emily worked hard to keep her voice calm as she said, “I am not going anywhere without you. You are safest with me, and we are going to Millwood.”
“But I know somewhere else you can take me where I will be safe. Somewhere you can leave me so that you can go help Mr. Duvane.”
Sighing, Emily decided to humor her. “Where?”
“Whitmore.”
“Whitmore?!” Emily could barely believe she’d heard her right. “Surely you don’t mean that. You know very well that Whitmore is the one place we are running from!”
“No, we are running from Papa. Whitmore is just a house. There is no danger there if he is gone.”
Emily stared at her.
“Nanny Bess is there.”
“Nanny Bess…” Emily echoed.
“I know I will be safe with her. She loves me, too, you know.”
Emily was shaking her head before Clara even finished.
“Yes, she does love me!” Clara cried.
“No, I didn’t mean…Clara, I know she loves you. I have never questioned that. I admit I questioned some other things about her, but never her love for you.”
“Why did you shake your head, then?”
“Because I do not think you’ll be safe at Whitmore—even with her there, and even without your father present.”
“Why?”
“Not everyone there was our friend. Not everyone was like Nanny Bess. Those men you saw riding to Valenstone today—those were servants at Whitmore, Clara. People will do as he tells them to. And if we are there and any of those people find out, they could try to keep us there until he returns.”
“Then we’ll sneak in and find Nanny Bess! Just her! No one else has to know anything!”
Frowning, Emily began pulling Clara toward Millwood again.
“Will you think about it?” Clara asked, clutching at her. “Please? If you feel you cannot trust her, we’ll leave. And if you feel you can, leave me with her! You could go help Mr. Duvane, and I could stay with Nanny Bess! I miss her so! I didn’t even get to say goodbye. I want to tell her the new words I know. I could show her how I draw and dance…Mama, won’t you please say you’ll think about it?!”
“Yes,” Emily conceded, pushing the word out as fast as she could. It was the only way to get Clara to cease her pleading for Jasper—and for her nanny, whom Emily thought to never see again. “I will think about it, Clara. Now, I beg you, don’t talk about this anymore.”
Pleased at Emily’s apparent openness, Clara looked ahead and walked on. As they entered Millwood a short while later, Emily’s thoughts spun with Clara’s words. For truth be told, she didn’t altogether hate the girl’s idea; there was a glimmer of hope in it—even if that hope was for nothing else other than returning to Valenstone and helping Jasper get rid of Clinton. There was also a definite sense of guilt that came with knowing that other people were suffering while she herself was running free. Clinton was after her, not them!
Nevertheless, she didn’t like the idea of leaving Clara. And she didn’t like the idea of having to say goodbye to Jasper again.
Jasper, what an awful thing it is to feel this sprout of hope rise inside me. You would be mad at me forever if I showed back up when you thought me gone and safe! But at least I would see your face again. I would get another chance to hold you and be held by you…Oh, my heart! I can feel it! It beats there with you still! Jasper, I love you so much! What should I do?
Emily blinked hard as she walked through the streets of Millwood. Had she been of a happier state of mind, she would have admired it. It was a place of quiet charm with cobbled lanes and stone cottages descending toward a lively village square.
But she barely saw any of it. And no one seemed to notice her and Clara much, either, which was good. So far, they stood out only as a grieving mother and child, quite as Emily had hoped. When anyone looked at them at all, it was with a fleeting glance of pity, and that was it.
Just then, she saw The Black Rose and Birch. Built around a central courtyard, it possessed an open coach gate and tall archway, permitting access from the road, down into the yard within. Presently, there were only a few passengers roaming about. They did not seem intent on booking a room at the inn or seeking sustenance; they wanted only for their horses to be fed or perhaps changed for fresh ones.
Good, Emily thought. Hopefully the inn is not too crowded either.
“Did you think about my idea yet?” Clara asked.
“Still thinking about it,” Emily replied truthfully. “Let us go inside for a little while. We need to eat something—and I need to stop moving.”
“And think some more.”
“…And think some more.”
Emily pulled Clara through the arched gateway, across the calm yard, and finally, into The Black Rose and Birch.
It was a small, yet pleasant front hall that they entered first. Ahead was the steep main staircase, and to the right were the coffee room and dining parlor. As Emily had anticipated, it was not terribly busy. Relieved by having a quiet place to rest, she guided herself and Clara to a small table by the window in the coffee room.
Before seating herself, she set her things down. Her hands then went to the bonnet ribbon beneath her chin. She froze. Jasper had tied that for her. His talented, loving hands had secured that bow just before she’d left him. Her fingers fell away. The bonnet would stay. She couldn’t imagine when she’d be ready to take it off again.
Emily let herself sink into a chair. Her body hummed with exhaustion. It felt good to sit. Their bodies were as weary as their minds. A few moments later, when some food was brought out, she stared at it, realizing at once that she had no appetite. Clara seemed to feel the same, picking up her spoon and swirling it in her rice pudding with disinterest.
“Eat,” Emily insisted. “Both of us need to—we need our strength.”
To set a good example, Emily forced herself to take a bite of her food. The meal was hot and warmed her hollow bones. Yet she couldn’t help but notice that it wasn’t half as satisfying as what Jasper would’ve prepared for them. His food was made with love and thought and care—all things she found rather lacking in the food before her.
I warned you not to spoil me, Jasper, and just look at me now—rotten, indeed.
“Do you know what you will do yet?” Clara asked again. Her chin rested in the palm of her hand as she looked out the window.
Emily looked out as well, watching with only half a mind as a new coach pulled in and an elderly couple disembarked. “I don’t,” she confessed, forcing down some tea.
She wrinkled her nose at her cup. Even Jasper’s tea was better. But it would be, wouldn’t it? He had spent a lifetime learning how to brew it to just the right flavor. She wished she would have gotten him to show her how he made it. She would have liked to have had that written down with her other recipes…
Suddenly a memory of him sitting with her in Valenstone’s morning room flashed across her mind. She could see him again at the table to her left as he reached for the teapot.
‘This is lovely, Jasper,’ she heard herself say to him. ‘The hot food, the tea—how did you manage it? I thought we couldn’t have a fire unless it was nighttime.’
‘I prepared it just before the sun came up,’ came his distant, echoing reply as he poured her a cup. ‘I kept the coals simmering until I knew you were awake…’
Emily set her cup down with a rough little clink onto the table. Clara shot her a startled glance but said nothing. Emily bit the inside of her cheek and returned her attention to the coach outside. It was a private one, she noticed, and not intended for shared use. She wouldn’t be able to board it. She’d just have to wait awhile longer…
Such news should have left her feeling dismayed; it didn’t. She was happy she was not yet leaving the moors. She was still somewhere near to Jasper—even if it felt like he was a world away.
Jasper, what are you doing right now? she wondered, pushing herself out to him. What is Clinton doing? Are you saving the woman now? Are you hurt…? My love, I—
The door to the coaching inn opened, and the arrival of the couple outside made Emily jump a little, severing her thoughts. She listened with pricking ears as their feet crossed the floorboards and progressed toward the coffee room. Upon entering it, the gentleman muttered to the woman about being glad for the slow business that day. Then together, they headed across the room and settled at a table.
The intrusion wasn’t loud at all, of course; but to Emily, who’d grown quite used to the quietness of Valenstone, every movement and sound seemed to register through her. It was her first real understanding of what it must have been like for Jasper when she’d arrived. He’d barely heard anything at all for six years. And then she’d swept into the mansion, joining him there…
‘Please, do not be quiet for my sake. Every sound you make is music to me.’
Emily swallowed a small involuntary sound. She remembered how mesmerized she’d been, seeing him for the first time. The way he’d seemingly materialized out of thin air and approached her up the stairs—her shadow phantom come to haunt her. How swiftly her feelings for him had evolved after that! It was as though she’d known, instinctually, that she needed to trust him, befriend him…love him. Before it was too late.
One hot tear suddenly burst forth and blazed a path down her cheek. She wiped it away before anyone could notice. But her shoulders then began to shake a bit, and even more emotion bubbled to the surface.
Frantic, she tried to keep herself together. She had to be careful, or else she was going to become a sobbing wreck right there in the coffee room…
Emily shook her head, another tear escaping from her eye. Actually, it may suit the part I’m playing rather well, she thought to herself, giving in. I am dressed in mourning—so mourn I shall!
“…Mama?”
Emily picked up a napkin from the table and cradled her face with it. “One moment, Clara,” she said into the crisp white cloth. “I just need—” she sucked in a sob, “—one moment to myself. Wait here, please.”
Emily got up from the table and rounded into the front hall. She was not far from Clara at all. Just several paces, in fact. But she was alone, separated by a thin wall. A regular one. No tunnels were hidden inside, leading her to where she might find her broken heart.
She turned toward the wall and leaned against it, weak. And with her napkin pressed against her mouth, she sobbed in silent, body-wracking grief. Jasper, I cannot bear this! she cried. I need more time with you! Just a little more. It will be enough, won’t it? If I can trust Bess, I can leave Clara with her. Then I can come back to you, help you rid the world of Clinton, and we can stay together for a few more days. Maybe in that time we will even be able to devise a plan to outwit your extortionists! Then we can be free together, as we should be! Oh God! How did I ever think I could know you and leave you?! What a mad, stupid woman I am!
Just then, the door to the coaching inn opened again. Sunlight poured into the front hall, directly over her. She stiffened and tried her very best to stop crying.
“Are you all right, madam?”
She kept her face turned away from the man behind her. “I will survive,” she said to the wall. “Please, forgive my lapse in grief. I…I am fresh in mourning, sir.”
“Think no more of it. I shan’t judge you one bit.”
She shot a look over her shoulder. A small man, balding and pleasant-faced stared at her from behind a pair of spectacles. He smiled, empathy in his eyes. “There you are,” he said. “Don’t be ashamed. This world is full of too much sorrow not to cry over it now and again. You go on and grieve, you poor thing. I’ll leave you to it.”
“T-thank you,” she faltered as he sauntered away from her.
Just before entering the coffee room, he paused and looked back. “Actually, if I may be so bold as to give a little additional advice…”
“…Certainly.”
“Take care not to stay too long in your current frame of mind. I myself have known people who’ve entered such pain and never emerged again. So please, visit it only; stay but a short while. And then, when you can, turn toward happiness. If there is a chance for you to smile again, you should take it and be brave.”
Emily stared after him as he then disappeared around the corner. Once again alone in the front hall, her heart began racing. Her fingers touched the bow beneath her chin.
Turn toward happiness…
The bud of hope in her chest sprouted a new leaf—and the napkin fluttered to the floor.
Jasper.
A little disoriented, Emily returned to the coffee room. She found Clara sitting just as she’d left her.
“You were crying,” Clara pointed out when Emily reached her.
“Yes.” She swallowed. Desperation was beginning to fill her; and with it, more leaves also grew, bright and green. “Clara. Collect your things.”
Clara wiped her forearm against her eyes, clearing them of tears. “Mama, please…don’t make us go. This is wrong. We belong with him, and he belongs with us. We should not leave him—not ever. Can’t you feel how right I am?”
Emily gazed at her child. She nodded, silent. Clara’s expression slackened.
“Really?” Clara breathed.
“Yes—really. Now, don’t make a scene; I don’t want anyone’s attention upon us. Just hold fast to your doll. We’ll talk more soon. Agreed?”
Clara’s eyes became overwhelmed with more tears. “…All right.”
Emily chewed on her lower lip, her mind starting to turn at a faster rate; she couldn’t keep up. She had no real plan—only purpose. She was guided by her spirit and intuition. And she knew she needed to get out of that inn and back on the moors—as fast as her limbs could carry her. Once there, she would be able to think, to see, to run…
Stooping to her bag, Jasper’s haunted image by the window lifted into her mind. She pulled out her reticule and rummaged for some money, her heart tripping over itself. She was nearly blind with feelings; she could not see her own fingers or what she was touching.
She palmed at her eyes, frustrated and overeager. Movement on her left caught her attention then, distracting it. It was the man she’d met in the front hall moments earlier. He was sitting at the table with the two elderly travelers, caught in a serious discussion.
She assessed him dazedly. She wondered if he might have a wagon of some sort—a more private means of travel that could get her to Whitmore in modest discretion…and speed.
Was it worth waiting? Asking?
Or should she just start racing away now?
Just then, his eyes found hers across the room. He looked away again quickly. Blinking, she did the same.
“I am ready, Mama,” Clara urged on a whisper, standing before her chair.
Emily resumed her panicked digging in her reticule. Her jewels. There were so many; she’d done well in the amount she’d packed. But now her pin money was buried beneath. For heaven’s sake! If it took much longer to find it, she was bound to just toss a set of earbobs on the table and go!
Across the room, she could hear the man mumble something. It was said in an awful, pleading tone, and for that reason, it collected her attention again. She looked over toward him, her hand shoving aside necklaces and rings, reaching to the bottom. She thought she felt a bit of money now…
“Enough, I beg you, Mr. Clarke,” said the elderly woman across from him—a voice that Emily could clearly distinguish, now that she was listening. “You know why we are here, even if we are early. Stop dallying, and tell us what we wish to know.”
“Nothing,” said the man from the front hall—Mr. Clarke. “I told you that. Whatever you wish to know, my answer is nothing.”
“Meaning…” the thin gentleman pressed as he leaned forward in his chair. His silver hair, glossed with oil, gleamed in the sunlit room. “Be clear now, Mr. Clarke…”
“Meaning that nothing has happened, sir. Nothing, as usual.”
“Good,” the man said, his tone relieved. “Anyway, my wife and I are just passing through, and as per our agreement, please do as we’ve instructed, and all will go smoothly enough for everyone. Meet us again tomorrow before we leave.”
“Where?” Mr. Clarke asked.
The old woman sighed. “Oh, here again, I suppose. It is as good enough a place as any. By the by, about the shipment—” She paused. “We want to reschedule it for every two months now instead of one—and we wish to lessen the amount inside it. He is only one man; he can afford to do with a little less.”
What?!
Emily dropped her reticule onto the table. The teacups danced, and Clara gasped in surprise.
Unfortunately, the other occupants in the room had noticed her graceless reaction, as well. It must’ve reminded them that they were not as alone as they’d thought. For, murmuring to each other, they then got up and filed into the front hall and up the stairs.
Emily stared at their empty table as she realized the perilous truth she had stumbled upon—or rather, the one that had stumbled upon her. Right there in the coffee room. At the very moment she’d decided to turn toward happiness.
Was this really happening?
A shiver danced up her spine.
“Clara,” she said thickly, taking her reticule and shoving it back into her carpetbag. “Sit back down. We actually have to wait another minute or two before we go…”
“What?” Clara cried. “Mama, we can’t!”
“Oh, yes we can,” Emily told her, clear and direct now. “Stay right here. I am going over to the hall again.”
“But Mr. Duvane—”
“Shush. Keep quiet, darling. We are going to him. But I think I just discovered something first—something that may aid his situation further, and I cannot leave without knowing more.”
“What is it?”
“Just trust me; I cannot answer questions right now. Sit very still, and don’t move.”
Clara gaped at her, but slowly, she settled down into her seat again. “…All right.”
Emily looked over her shoulder, toward the direction of the front hall. Then, determined, she left the table—and against her soul, she carried with her the ghostly image of her beloved, and every whispered word from the past.
Chapter 29

Unearthed on the Moors


With as much stealth as Emily could muster—which, she was sure, was still nothing in comparison to Jasper’s own deft grace—she eased from the coffee room and back into the front hall. Turning right, she headed for the staircase. Her heart trained itself upward, reaching for the mysterious people who had crept off in that direction.
She took to the first step, then the next. When the sound of conversation reached her ears, she stilled, gripping the banister. And she felt, more than ever, connected to Jasper—who’d spent his life hiding, secretly listening and collecting information from those who did not know it…
“Two months?” Mr. Clarke was exclaiming with quiet urgency. “And lessen the shipment? But the risk of spoilage and—”
“I understand your concern for our charge, Mr. Clarke,” the woman said. “Believe me, you have always been the most diligent in caring for him. Knowing you, you have probably slipped more into his shipments than what was purchased by us; you’ve made your own donations. Am I correct in that assumption?”
Mr. Clarke did not reply.
“Listen, my friend,” the older gentleman began, his voice pitying, “we are growing old and weary. We are doing all we can, but we will not live forever, and we also do not have unlimited funds. Do you think you could afford to send the shipments on your own, without our additional compensation to your pocketbook?”
“…No.”
“Then unfortunately, we will have to cut back on spending. It’s the only way to ensure we will have enough money to continue to support that poor soul.”
“Can’t we tell someone else who might be able to help him? And must he truly stay there forever? I just don’t understand it; I never have. Who could he be hiding from that’s so dangerous that he requires such secrecy?”
“Mr. Clarke,” the old woman cried, “how can you suggest such a thing as to tell someone else?! We have already stressed to you the direness of his situation—as is ours in helping him. We cannot give you details. It is why our identities are anonymous to you, as well as his! It is also why we’ve only met you twice in person in eleven years; letters are safer! And it is for his safety, sir, that you leave him where he is and involve no one else. You have helped us protect him all this time. Don’t tell us you would put his life on the line by outing him now!”
“…No,” Mr. Clarke conceded. “I would never wish to expose him if doing so puts him in that much peril. And you have assured me he is not hiding from the law; he has done nothing illicit…”
“Good gracious,” the woman said. “Mr. Clarke, you fluster me quite out of my mind. No, he is not hiding from the law. He is an innocent and kind fellow who has been unfairly placed in danger; we are sheltering him, protecting him. At any rate, do we even look like the sort who could actually conspire to hide away a criminal? We are in our seventies now, for heaven’s sake. All we want is peace and harmony on earth before God calls us home. Taking care of that miserable man in the dale is part of our life’s work.”
“I know,” Mr. Clarke assented.
“So then,” the gentleman said, after a brief pause, “we need your continued assistance, Mr. Clarke. Send this month’s shipment early—only because we are here and wish it done before we go. Please remember to include less food, unless you yourself can spare him more, and make every delivery afterward every two months instead of one.”
“All right.”
“Good man. Meet us at dawn tomorrow, just to assure us that everything went according to plan and that he is still there to receive our offering. We will pay you then and be on our way thereafter. Understood?”
“Understood.”
Emily could hear them beginning to walk along the upstairs hall again, their feet plodding against the floorboards. “We are all so lucky to have you, Mr. Clarke,” the woman said, beginning to round into the stairwell. “What a treasure you are.”
Emily backed away in haste. Down the steps and through the front hall she went, ducking back into the coffee room. Clara gaped at her as she sat down at the table in a quick rustle.
“Good day to you, Mr. Clarke,” the old woman said in the hall. Then to her husband, “Get the door for me, won’t you, dear? I feel like taking a turn about the yard until the horses are ready.”
Emily stared out the window as they traipsed back outside. Mr. Clarke wandered off alone, under the archway and beyond the gate to the street. The older woman and gentleman held on to one another’s arm and walked about, away from the horses.
Who are you people? Emily wondered, overpowered with a fever to know more.
Those people sounded like angels. But until then, Emily had thought the people sending Jasper food had also been the ones extorting him…
Once again, Emily rummaged through her carpetbag and removed her reticule. This time, her eyes were wide and clear. She found her money and tossed a bit of it onto the table. Gathering her things, she looked at her daughter.
“Now we may go,” she said, and she hurried outside, Clara just beside her.
Out in the yard, holsters moved about, readying the horses. And across the way, she could still see the inconspicuous pair walking together. Their heads were bent close, and they were talking in a private, earnest manner.
Emily studied them as she walked. The man’s fine clothes and well-groomed facial hair made him stand out amongst the filth of the yard’s holsters. His eyes matched his hair, solemn and grey. And as he slunk along, he listened rather indulgently to the woman as she prattled on.
The woman, in turn, was dressed just as finely, and she walked with an air of grace and ease that belied her age yet befitted her station. As she spoke, she kept her bright green eyes and thin, angular face turned ahead. And while her expression was pleasant enough, there was something in the way she regarded Emily, with a brief flash of bitterness, that struck Emily clear in the heart.
‘Do you think you’ve become better able to identify the decent people?’ Jasper’s voice lifted up from her memory.
‘I do, actually, yes,’ she heard herself reply.
‘And will you do it as you said you would, measuring them all against me?’
‘I will not be able to help it. You’ve placed the mark exceedingly high…’
With Jasper’s words echoing with haunting refrain inside her, Emily continued past where the couple had come to linger by the gate. She made a show of needing to be on her way, pulling at Clara as though they had somewhere else important to be. But as soon as she rounded the brick wall that supported the arch over the gate, she hauled herself and Clara against it. She signaled for silence from Clara. Then she listened around and into the yard, where the woman and man remained just out of sight, a few feet away…
“I do not care, Arthur,” the woman said waspishly—a very different tone than the one she’d used inside. “I have long since grown weary of this whole situation.” She sniffed. “Were it up to me, I’d be done with it already. Indeed, I wouldn’t have engaged in this farce at all.”
“You know very well why you must continue,” the man countered.
“Yes,” she bit out. “And it certainly isn’t for my sake.”
“That’s not true anymore, Cora—”
“Oh, do hush; I don’t want to hear it. This has gone on about as long as we can manage it, anyway.”
“Nonsense, we could easily go on longer, if only you had the gumption.”
“Gumption! Oh, Arthur, if anyone has any gumption at all in this family, it is I! Need I remind you who found the sorry sap to begin with. And had you merely had the gumption to let me do as I wished and—”
“Offing the poor fellow was never something we could realistically accomplish; I don’t know why you continue to tell yourself that. Were that the case, you would have found a way to do it ages ago.” Arthur grunted. “No, we both know neither of us are capable of that, even when we were younger. We are doing this all, not just for ourselves, but for her. Stay strong and remember that.”
Emily placed a hand over her chest, dying a little inside. Oh God! They were the extortionists! Lying crooks!
“Yes, yes,” Cora snapped. “I know. You remind me all the time. Thank heavens we got her married into the Ashdown family when we did. I feel we are perilously close to the truth coming out now. Our good name is sure to be squandered when it does.”
“Why? Because of simpering old Ellis Clarke?” Arthur scoffed. “Oh, balderdash. He eats every word we tell him and always has. I do believe that if we died today, he would find a way to keep sending food to the mansion.”
“No—Mr. Clarke said himself he wouldn’t be able to afford it.”
“He says that, but people like him always find a way, don’t they? The lower class can be quite crafty when they need to be. Survival and all.”
“So you’re suggesting we should just stop sending the shipments, and Mr. Clarke will take over?”
“Of course not! You know I promised myself I’d keep our pathetic ward alive, and so I shall—come what may. I am just saying it’s a possibility that should anything happen to either of us, Mr. Clarke would somehow manage to keep up his charity without our help.”
“I don’t care what promises you’ve made to yourself anymore, Arthur; I suspect we’ll find out how right your theory is before long,” Cora said coldly. “In fact, I’ve quite made up my mind now: we are going to stop sending food to the mansion altogether.”
“Cora—you know that’s not an option.”
“Oh, yes it is! I have humored you for long enough. I am old and tired now. So listen to me, your wife of fifty-two years: we will whittle down the portions he receives until he has so little left that he’ll starve. Think what you will of me, but we’ve more than done our duty to see that our daughter’s illegitimate brat does not die—even if by force. But the burden of keeping him hidden there, for Margaret’s sake, as well as our own, has become too heavy for me. I am ready to wipe my hands of him.”
Emily’s fingers curled mercilessly into the front of her bodice. Margaret! Oh my God, Jasper! Your birthmother—these are her parents! Your grandparents!
Arthur gave a mirthless laugh. “Cora, you wicked old crone. I take it back: age hinders you not at all; it has worsened you. You are more bloodthirsty now than you were the day you found out she was pregnant.”
“As you should have been too! You were more concerned with her feelings than our good name! Even less concerned were you in seeing the scoundrel who impregnated her be brought to justice! Had she been raised properly under my thumb alone, instead of rotting in the hands of her over-indulgent father—”
“I am no such thing.”
“—then maybe she would have had the sense not to jump into bed with a mill worker at seventeen years old! Curse you, you should have had his head when you found out!”
“Margaret told us she was taken by force, Cora! She told the Norworth Foundling Hospital that as well. We all believed her. And I did try to find the man; you know I did! I couldn’t stand the thought of such a thing having happened to her…”
“I tried harder! It was because of me that we found that repulsive Hughes fellow. Fifteen years of questioning and looking and bribing! I never gave up, unlike you!”
“Yes, you always were more dedicated to revenge than I…But do not forget, my dear heart, you didn’t find Victor Hughes; his son Xavier found you! He was rather chomping at the bit to talk to you, if I remember correctly. He knew exactly who we were! Which means Victor told him all about us!” Arthur made a sound of disgust. “Thank God I never had any sons. Meeting Xavier put quite a fear in me; that boy was not right.”
“Yet he was altogether the best ally we had! Too willing was that cretin to tell us that his own father was the man who’d gotten our daughter with child—and who, low and behold, was also raising his bastard right underneath all our noses. To think, if Victor would have said one more thing to the wrong person, just one more thing—”
“He’d only told Xavier—he was too petrified to tell anyone else. Particularly as he’d switched Margaret’s brat with that other boy—the one no one even knew of. Can you imagine it?! He was in a nightmare of his own making; he did half the work for us. And he suffered his share in the end, too.”
“No, his wife did! Raising her own husband’s by-blow. What a simp! I would have tossed them all to the street.”
Arthur cleared his throat. “We are lucky that she didn’t. Her keeping him helped us ultimately, for it facilitated in his being shut away, Cora,” he reminded her. “So don’t act as though everything was constantly falling apart; it wasn’t. The boy was never going to see the light of day—and look; he still hasn’t! That outrageous mansion with all those hidden passages—a mad display of genius, I tell you! And the disfigurement only ensured that he remained right where we need him: out of the way!”
“I know. I am still astounded that Xavier had been such a willing participant. I needed only to suggest the idea and he leapt at it. I hadn’t actually thought he’d do it…”
“…Insane young man.”
“Helpful, though; admit it.”
“I already did.”
Emily looked up at the sky. Her heart was beating so hard she was having trouble hearing over it. And she needed to hear over it; she needed to hear everything.
“With all that said,” Arthur went on, “we need not abandon our charge, Cora. We have worked so hard to keep him where he is. He is not going anywhere. There is no reason to let him starve now.”
“He may anyway when we ourselves die,” Cora said acerbically. “Unless, of course, you are right about Mr. Clarke. But even still—this goes deeper than that.”
“How?”
“There is the chance he will decide to run free, Arthur. Look at the man who was pretending to be him—all these years! He took his fate and ran for the hills! Damn Xavier for not giving me his real name! We’ll never find him…”
“And why would you wish to? Let that poor fool go; he wasn’t ever the issue. Moreover, we know he won’t say anything to anyone. He hasn’t sent anyone back to the mansion, now, has he? He believes the tale you’ve spun, Cora! Everyone has! Just think of Victor believing Xavier’s death was actually a murder! I’ll be damned! The threats, however hollow they’ve been, have always been sufficient.”
“And now, pray tell, are they still sufficient?”
“I would certainly say so.”
“I disagree. I think, over time, the power of our threats will run out.”
“I think you are becoming paranoid.”
“I am not! Everyone who has ever been involved in this fiasco is either dead or missing—except Duvane himself,” Cora hissed. “Don’t you see? There isn’t anyone around him anymore. He has lasted six years alone, but how long will things remain that way? He’s still so young, Arthur! Only twenty-six! He’s going to get brave eventually; I believe that. He’s going to come out, try his hand at living. And he knows who he is, Arthur. He knows he is Victor’s son, just as he knows he is Margaret’s!”
“Now, now…we don’t know that for sure…”
“Victor told Xavier our last name! Why shouldn’t we assume Duvane knows it too!”
“Just knowing our last name does not mean he has discovered who is behind the letters.”
“No, but if he knows he is related to us, we are in danger of him being brave enough to seek us out at all, you old nincompoop. He may want to discover his roots and be reunited with family. God, let anyone find out about him or Victor Hughes or the switch in children—oh, heavens, it makes me faint. All our work covering up Margaret’s mistake, protecting the Price family name—it would be for naught!”
“…You really have grown paranoid.”
She sighed, falling quiet. Gravel turned under her boots. “Arthur, I’m sorry. But I think I have made up my mind either way. I see no other choice anymore. I have to take myself out of the equation. I am done hiding and lying and threatening and sneaking around. I am just so damn tired. So whether you like it or not, we are going to cease allowing the food to be sent. Little by little at first, so as not to raise a sense of alarm in Mr. Clarke’s ever-bleeding heart. And then we are going to just stop. We won’t come back here. No more letters. Nothing. Afterward, one of four things will happen.”
“Do tell me,” he said dryly. “I am all ears.”
“One, Duvane will die where he is.”
“Probable.”
“Two, Mr. Clarke will find a way to send him food without our aid.”
“Possible.”
“Three, we tell Margaret the truth and let her decide what becomes of her bastard.”
“Not a chance! She’ll never forgive us for all we’ve done already! Indeed, she’ll only just set him free!”
“Fine. Then there’s the fourth option.”
“…What?”
“Duvane escapes and dooms us all anyway.”
“Cora, I don’t—”
“Mr. and Mrs. Price?” a third voice intruded suddenly. “Your coach is ready for departure.”
“Thank God Almighty,” Cora exclaimed in a brittle tone. “Take me away from here, Mr. Pickens. Come along, Arthur. I am finished with this conversation anyway. Let us head to Mrs. Shaw’s residence now; we are expected at her dinner table before five.”
“Delightful woman,” Arthur muttered dispassionately. “I can hardly wait.”
Emily leaned her head back on the wall, eyes shut, and listened as they slowly left. Then she opened her eyes and let the sun blind her for a moment. Anything to take away the searing pain in her heart—the one that those wicked, despicable people had injured her with.
Jasper…Oh, Jasper! I found them! I know who holds you prisoner! Arthur and Cora Price…your grandparents…
She gritted her teeth, wishing with all her might she could just whirl on them and expose them then and there. But she couldn’t do that. To bring them down would take considerable calculation. More, at least, than jumping out from behind a brick wall and demanding a confrontation. No, they needed to be brought to true justice, and Emily was no match for them. Not alone. She needed Jasper there to face the truth at her side, to confront the local authorities with evidence so that he could be…
Emily blinked wildly, stepping away from the wall in a daze. So that he can be free at last.
All at once, the hope that Clara had planted inside her heart, the very one Mr. Clarke had nourished, grew and spread as wide and tall as a mighty oak. Heavens above! She needed to go back to Valenstone Mansion—at once! And she needed as many allies as possible in order to get there!
Immediately, her eyes began scanning the street for sight of Mr. Clarke. Where are you? she cried inwardly. Don’t be gone already!
“Mama…what is going on? Who were those people? I am so very confused…”
“Please, do not concern yourself with it,” Emily explained hastily. “Come with me—and we must hurry. There are some things we must do.”
“…Like what?”
“Hopefully make a new friend.”
“We don’t need a new friend!” Clara cried in a fierce whisper. “We need to help Mr. Duvane!”
Emily met her daughter’s eyes. “Yes, and this friend may be able to ensure that it happens faster!” Then, determined to find Mr. Clarke, she pulled Clara down the cobbled street, headed toward the hubbub of Millwood’s market square.
Chapter 30

Unexpected Allies


“Reviens, vile bête!” the woman cried. “Laisse-moi ma fille!”
Arms crossed as he stood just outside the library, Jasper caught three words he knew: ‘vile’ and ‘beast’ were the first two, and ‘daughter’ was the third. He narrowed his eyes, trying his best to stay patient with the woman on the other side of the door.
Much good that was doing any of them, though.
For as soon as he’d untied her, she’d launched into a violent attempt to defend herself—and her screams and riotous thrashing had proven to be just as vexing as Claude had claimed. Jasper, of course, had tried to tell her she had no reason to fear him, that freedom was hers to take at once. But a few lamely sputtered words in French had been all he could manage before darting for the door.
Since then, he’d gone to the child in the hope that she might be like Clara. He’d thought that, perhaps, if he freed her first, he’d be able to earn her trust and bring her to her mother. But that plan had gone awry quite quickly; she was no more receptive to his aid than her mother was.
She was utterly terrified.
So, not wanting to haul a screaming child through the house, he’d hurried back to the woman in the library. And now, positioned as a guard outside it, he prepared himself to reenter the room.
Something he was not looking forward to doing, however necessary it was.
Swallowing his angst, Jasper turned the knob and pushed gently. A heavy object slammed into the door. Then another.
Books, Jasper deduced, swearing under his breath.
Wanting to reiterate, again, that he was but a friend, he hissed through the door, “Je suis un ami,” and waited for her reply.
“Je ne vous crois pas! Vous voulez me faire du mal! Je sais cela!”
Addled, he tried to pull out a word he recognized. She’d spoken of being hurt. He knew that much. He shook his head. “Non, pas de mal.” He started to turn the knob again. Another book crashed into the door with a violent thud.
“Reste en arrière, monstre!” she screamed.
Monster! That did it. Jasper had exercised enough patience. They were lucky enough that Clinton was hellbent on destroying the entire mansion, giving Jasper the time and space to rationalize with two petrified foreigners. But there were only so many rooms left. And luck, like everything else, was swiftly abandoning him. Before Clinton chose to descend downstairs again, perhaps even to the basement serving area where his accomplices were being kept, Jasper had to act—fast.
Bracing himself, he opened the door and entered the room. The spine of a book hit him in the chest instantly. “Damn it,” he wheezed, dodging another one. “Stop—I am only trying to help you.” The next book clocked him on the shoulder before going reeling to the floor, pages fluttering. “Stop!” He shook himself mentally. “Arrêter!” he tried again. “Je suis un ami!”
She shrieked, turning to the shelf and retrieving more ammunition. “Non! Vous ne ressemblez pas à un ami. Va-t'en! Aide-moi, quelqu'un!”
Catching only the part that mentioned how he didn’t look at all like a friend, Jasper came toward her. Her pale green eyes flared, and she flung three more books at him, one after the other. None struck him, but he couldn’t help but feel a pang of shame as he faced down her terror. This was how he expected people to react to the sight of him—as though he was someone to fear and not befriend. How sadly validating it was to know he’d been right.
Emily and Clara were his only exceptions…
When he got closer, she cried out and tried to run around him. He blocked her path, unable to just let her bolt through the house, screaming like a banshee.
“Madame, s'il vous plaît!” Jasper tried again. “Your daughter—votre fille! Elle est en danger!”
“Ma fille chérie! Où est-elle? Partir!”
He shook his head, refusing her demand that he go away. But she had become wild again—a tempestuous, clawing creature, desperate to save herself and her child. And she was also screaming like one again too.
“Aider! Aider!” she sobbed. “Le monstre!”
There was that monster claptrap again! Damn it all! Earnestly, Jasper backed away from her violence. “I am not a monster. Pas un monstre! Il est! Pas moi! Can’t you understand me at all?! I am not the one you should be afraid of! Damn it, stop your screaming…” He backed away farther and held his hands out in an attempt to stay and calm her. “Please, listen to me. I don’t speak French well. Don’t you know any English?”
“Non! Non! Partir…”
She looked about the room, her gaze lingering on the windows. He knew she must want to break through them but couldn’t bring herself to leave—not without her daughter. When she looked back at him, Jasper put an index finger over his lips, signaling for silence.
“Listen—ecoutez,” he told her. “Son nom est Clinton Mathers.”
“Oui! Clinton Mathers!”
He nodded.
“Ou est ma fille?” she murmured.
Finally, a little lucidity—and calmness. She wanted to know where her daughter was, and she’d asked it without screaming.
“This way,” he answered. “She is this way. In the dining hall. Salle à manger. Hush now, I beg you.” He pointed upstairs, where, just now, Clinton was shattering either a window, vase, or a mirror.
“C'est un méchant homme…” she said.
“Yes. He is a very bad man. Follow me. I only want to help you…Je vais vous aider.”
She stared at him, almost like she’d begun to believe him. But then, without warning, she darted around him in an infuriating rush of violet-striped silk.
He tried to grab her, but she danced just beyond his reach. “Stop!” he hissed. “Wait!”
She was out the door before he could stop her. Annoyed, he raced after her. But when he reached her, he made the quick decision to dash ahead and lead her through the mansion. Poor woman. She must have thought he was trying to get to her daughter first, for she tried several times to overtake him. He made it to the dining room with only three steps in between them. And there, he flung open the doors.
“Look,” he whispered, panting. “Elle est là.”
When she saw her daughter tied up to one of the dining room chairs, she hastened toward her. The girl wept louder the very instant they were reunited, and a rapid exchange in French flew back and forth between them.
Jasper stayed in the hall, watching them as he listened for Clinton. And again, he was struck by how much they reminded him of Emily and Clara. There was so much love there. So much worry and relief. To pay witness to the woman’s wailed crooning as she tried to untie her daughter made his chest ache.
He went to them. Removing the large knife that he’d confiscated from the kitchen and hidden in the back waistband of his trousers, he set it beside her. Then he backed away. She looked at him, blinking in alarm.
“Use it and help free her,” he said, hoping to earn her trust—at least enough of it to where she knew he meant her no harm. “L’aider.”
She snatched at the knife, and he took several more steps back. Her brows snapped together, her eyes sweeping over him suspiciously. But then she began cutting at the linens that were used to tie her daughter to the chair.
When the bonds broke free, the woman gathered the girl against her. “Oh, ma chéri!”
“Maman! Maman!”
They cried for a moment together before turning to stare at him. The mother still held the knife, and Jasper backed farther away from her to prove he was no threat. He motioned them into the hall. They remained where they were, frozen together.
Jasper wracked his brain. How did one say ‘to be free’ in French?
“Sois libre,” he said, urging them forward again. “Hurry. Now.”
Finally, the mother came toward him, her daughter tucked behind her. He guided them into the east hall and through it to the entry hall. There he stopped to listen. Clinton was still up there; and things were still breaking.
God, there will be nothing left in this mansion by the time he’s through.
Jasper moved out of the woman’s way. He motioned to the door, which he’d since unlocked. “There. The door. Go.”
She held the knife out as she passed him. Her expression was determined, but her eyes were softer than before. Just as she entered the vestibule, she stopped.
“Merci,” she said at last.
Then, dropping the knife, she picked up her daughter and ran from the house. Jasper stood motionless for a few seconds. Then he trailed after them. He retrieved the knife and returned it to the back of his trousers.
The front door was left open, swinging slightly on its groaning hinges. He walked up to the solid oak, steadied it, and stood in the doorway. Placed right on the edge of freedom, he watched as the woman ran with her daughter in her arms—just as Emily and Clara had.
It was like witnessing them leave all over again.
Unable to deal with the trauma it inspired, he decided not to look anymore. He retreated into Valenstone and shut and locked the door, blocking himself from their fleeing forms and the sun as it began its descent across the sky.
Jasper turned around. Through the vestibule he glowered at the staircase. It was time to finish this once and for all. He was going to get justice that night, no matter what it took.
Clinton was not going to see another sunrise if Jasper had anything to do about it.
But first, quite as Clinton had wanted to prolong the suffering of the innocent, Jasper now wanted the same—but for the condemned. He wanted Clinton to find the woman and child gone, his men and dogs missing. He wanted him to be confused…to be afraid. Particularly when he discovered Jasper lurking in their stead. The terror in his eyes would be a necessary beginning to what would be a fateful night of retribution.
Oh, Clinton. If only you knew that there really is a ghost in this house whose peace you’ve disturbed. One with an awakened taste for vengeance. You will know before long…
Broodingly, Jasper let himself sink into the shadows that were forming throughout the house. The walls took him in with a familiar sound of welcome and acknowledgment. He was once again returned to the world he’d always known: quiet, lonely, and dark. But he could not feel the same inside it as he had before. He was altered now, changed forever by his need and love for a woman he could not have.
He shut his eyes, trying to help this new version of himself accommodate to his old surroundings. And then, behind his eyelids, Emily’s image materialized fast and bright, filling him with color. In his mind, he reached for her, touched her, and pulled her close. He could feel her then. Right in that very moment, she was with him, conjured with dazzling clarity.
‘Angel,’ he beseeched, ‘I miss you so much already…How am I supposed to live every day without you here?’
Her image smiled and held him fast in her loving gaze. ‘But I am here, Jasper. I always will be. I told you I could never really leave you—I love you.’
Jasper let his head hang back against the tunnel wall. ‘I love you, too, Emily. Endlessly, I love you.’
When the glowing vision of her lifted her hand to touch his cheek, he could have sworn he actually felt her there. Her fingers were once more upon his skin, soothing his scars. His memory of her was that strong. He could even smell her scent drift over him, floral and sweet. He breathed her in, pulled her image closer against his chest, and he felt liberated from pain.
Instinct told him this was the beginning of his tumble into real madness. But he couldn’t say he minded it. If he could have her there with him, even as a hallucination, it was better than not having her at all.
So it was just like this that Jasper decided to linger. He wanted time alone with her, feeling her cradled against him, his summoned angel of mercy. Perhaps then, in a little while, he would feel ready to face Clinton without a tremor—along with whatever else fate had in store for him.



Emily was out of breath.
She had been dashing and darting down the busy market square for a while now. And still, among the many people out and about for their shopping needs, there was no sign of Mr. Clarke. Finally, she charged into the baker’s shop, hauling a bewildered Clara with her.
“I beg your pardon, madam?” the clerk asked, flour on his cheeks and clothes. “May I help you?”
“Excuse me,” she said. “I have been looking everywhere for someone. I thought perhaps you might have seen him or even know who he is. He is a rather short gentleman with a kind face, a little balding on top. His name is Mr. Clarke, and—”
“Oh, eh, Mr. Clarke,” the man said, removing his cap and wiping his brow with his sleeved forearm. “I saw him pass by just a while ago. He went back to his shop.”
His shop! He owns a shop in Millwood! Lucky stars!
“Where is it?” she urged.
“It’s just a short walk ahead. E.C. General Store is the name of it.”
“Thank you, sir!”
Emily pulled Clara back out onto the cobbled street. She looked at the stone buildings as she passed them, reading the signs that hung above their doorways. She saw the blacksmith, the dressmaker, the pub…
E.C. General Store, a swinging sign read. Through the front window, she then spotted Mr. Clarke bent low as he wiped the windowsill clean. She quickened forward and knocked on the glass.
“Mr. Clarke.”
His head bobbed up. Seeing it was her, he appeared genuinely surprised. He adjusted his spectacles and walked around, meeting her in the open doorway. “Madam, is anything amiss?”
“A great deal, actually,” she said. “May we speak in private?”
He stilled.
“I am no threat to you, sir. In fact, I have a proposition for you. One that will help your circumstances—and mine. Will you listen to me?” When he continued to hesitate, her hand shot out, taking ahold of his thick one. His face turned as red as a beet. “Just two minutes,” she pled. “Can’t you spare me that? Just two minutes to hear what I have to say, and then you may decide if you wish to accept my offer. Please, sir. Someone’s life depends on it…”
Suspicion moved over his face. “Someone’s life?”
“Yes, sir.”
“…Someone I know?”
“You know of him.”
Instantly, he was shaking his head. “You know not what you’re about. Leave me be. At once.”
“Mr. Clarke, I beg you—hear me out. I am learning to gauge people’s characters in every way I can; and while I know we have only exchanged but a few words between us, you seem like a nice man. You wear your heart in your eyes, and I want to trust it…I want to trust you. I hope that I can. But you must be willing to trust me too. Can we take a risk on each other? Can you at least listen to me before you reject me?”
Mr. Clarke sighed. “Come inside. You have two minutes.” He pivoted into the shop.
Emily and Clara went after him, looking around. The single display window filtered in a great deal of light, but inside, it still felt a little gloomy. Shelves crowded every wall, and the floors were quite crammed with barrels, boxes, crates, and tables holding goods. To the right was the front counter, which housed a display case for smaller items, as well as supported a scale and small register.
It was there that Mr. Clarke headed. Emily held Clara back from following. “Whispering time,” she murmured. “You have overheard more than enough, I’d say.” She pointed to the corner where the dry goods were stored. “Stay over there.”
Clara nodded and did as she was told. Emily went to Mr. Clarke. He didn’t look at her as he settled behind the counter. But his words were now clear and direct.
“This is about Valenstone Mansion, isn’t it?”
Emily’s heart leapt violently. “Excuse me?”
“I noticed you watching us earlier; your interest is better directed elsewhere. If it is about the mansion, then I cannot help you. I’m sorry. And I beseech that you not say a word to anyone else about it either, lest you wish to put yourself in danger.”
“Sir, it is too late for that; I am already in danger. And the biggest threat I face right now is not being able to help him.”
Him. There it was again. The real subject of their conversation. It wasn’t the house, but the person inside.
Emily waited to see what Mr. Clarke would say to that. To her relief, he didn’t even try to dance around the secrets anymore. Instead, he looked at her in frustrated acceptance.
“Pray, what is your name, young lady?”
“…Mrs. Emma Wright.”
Emily winced, saying the name. She was asking him to trust her; however, she didn’t know what Clinton’s fate was yet. And as long as he was alive, she could never admit her real name to another living soul.
“Mrs. Wright,” Mr. Clarke began, “I cannot fathom how you know about the man whom you’re referencing, but please, leave him alone. He is situated as he is for his own safety. I am helping him and—”
“You’re wrong. You’re not helping him; you’re helping them.” She stared at him. “Sir, you’re helping to keep him prisoner.”
“…Come again?”
“Mr. Clarke, you have been gravely deceived and taken advantage of. Though, I assure you, you’re not the only one. The couple you met with today—they are not as unassuming as they seem. They are contriving to keep the man in the mansion where he is, and they’re using you to feed and mollify him into staying there!”
Mr. Clarke gaped at her.
“Forgive me for putting all this on you so indelicately, but I am pressed for time. I know you are worried for him, especially now that the shipment of food is being lessened. I want to believe you feel this way because you have a kind spirit; you don’t want him to suffer.” She looked around the shop. “The food you bring him is from your very own shop, isn’t it? Food they purchase at a high price so as to earn your compliance and your silence. You need the money, and to get it, you have become enslaved to their demands—am I right, Mr. Clarke?”
Emily’s chest rose and fell rapidly with her breath. Some of what she’d said had been purely speculation—but she’d said it anyway because she felt certain she was right. And the nauseated look on his face told her that she was right, indeed.
“Listen to me,” Emily rushed on, “I know I am taking a great risk in coming to you, but it’s one that I must take.”
“Then hurry and finish what you need to say, madam. You have me quite by the throat.”
Emily removed her reticule from her carpetbag. From it, she then pulled out a teardrop-shaped ruby hanging from a delicate chain necklace. She showed it to him. “I do not know how much this is worth precisely; it was a gift my late husband gave to me during our engagement. But I would venture to guess it’s worth a great deal. I am willing to give it to you.”
“Blimey!” he exclaimed, slapping his hand on his head. “Why would you do a thing like that?!”
“Because I need you to do something for me.”
He scrutinized the necklace, his eyes like saucers. “What do you want?”
“I know you have your own wagon, sir; it is the only way you could have gotten the food to the mansion in secret. I need you to give me a ride. I have two stops to make: one is a lone estate on the northeastern moors, and the second is Valenstone Mansion.” She stared at him. “I intend to free the man who lives inside.”
“Oh, Mrs. Wright—”
“You cannot stop me; I will go with or without your help. But without will take me a great deal longer.”
“…Is that all you require?”
“No. When you come by tonight at midnight and he doesn’t take the food, pretend that he did take it; say that nothing is amiss at all.”
“I can’t do that!”
“Yes, you can! You could have done it anytime you chose! The couple from earlier—how will they even know? Are they the ones coming to Valenstone to check? Or are you?”
“…Me.”
“Then lie, Mr. Clarke. Lie to them as they’ve lied to you. You have helped keep this man prisoner, however unwittingly, and now you must help me free him!”
He dabbed a handkerchief at the beads of sweat that formed on his forehead. “How do I know you’re telling me the truth? How do I know it isn’t you trying to deceive me and not them? I’ve known them for six years! I’ve only just set eyes upon you!”
“Well, to start, I know information about them that you do not: their names are Arthur and Cora Price,” she said. “And the man you’re delivering food to at Valenstone Mansion is their grandson.”
“My God! Grandson!”
“Yes. They are ashamed of him, and they have done nothing but destroy his life while also guaranteeing his silence.”
“Have you seen him, Mrs. Wright? Met him in the flesh?”
“Yes.”
“…Can you tell me, then, why he looks as he does?”
Emily’s heart leapt yet again. “You’ve seen him?” she breathed.
“Of course,” he mumbled. “Several times. Has he not seen me at all? It seems impossible that he hasn’t—not even once after so many years?”
“I cannot say for certain; he’s never mentioned it.”
Mr. Clarke frowned, looking down at his handkerchief as he worried it in between his fingers. “Poor man,” he said softly. “I used to think he was Mr. Duvane. The timeline of events just seemed too coincidental to me: one man goes missing, and another takes over the mansion in secret. I thought it had to be him, hiding away in his own home for whatever reason. But then I saw him—just a brief glimpse that first time, mind you. He was collecting the bags I’d left for him by the back door. And it only took a second for me to know he most certainly wasn’t Mr. Duvane.” Mr. Clarke looked directly at her again, holding her eyes. “His face—it’s riddled with scars. Awful ones. Initially, it frightened me to see him, even from the distance I was standing. But then, as time went on, and I continued my monthly deliveries, something about him…about the way he looked and moved—I don’t know. I felt sorry for him, and it further compelled me to help him. I snuck him extra food and other provisions into every shipment. I wanted to do my part in keeping him safe.” His brows puckered over his spectacles. “But you’re telling me now that I haven’t been helping him at all…and that terrifies me. I never wanted to hurt anyone.”
Emily swallowed past the tightness in her throat. “I understand that. And that is why I am here, telling you all this.”
“Tell me more, then: Mr. and Mrs. Price—are they behind his scars?”
“In part, yes,” she whispered.
Mr. Clarke huffed a breath, his eyes flashing with emotion. “And what is his name? His full one? I gather he is a Price as well.”
“…I am afraid I cannot answer that. Not yet.”
“Why not?” he cried. “You’ve already disclosed the names of his grandparents; that in itself is telling me his identity in a way. Just say his name. After so many years, I want to know it.”
“He is Mr. and Mrs. Price’s illegitimate grandson, Mr. Clarke; the relation is not a public one. Additionally, his identity is his own to claim when he’s ready; things are more complicated than you realize. Just trust me when I say he is a good man, one who is so very lonely and trapped by fear. Oh, please, I beg you to believe me. I am running out of time to try and convince you. For he is in danger right now, and he won’t let me send for help—so I must go to him myself! And I must hurry!”
“Danger? What kind of danger do you mean?”
“…It is a private battle that he’s determined to face on his own. But I cannot let him do that; he faces everything alone, and I want to stand at his side now. Help me get to him! Please, Mr. Clarke! I must save him, and then I must free him so he can live the life he deserves!”
Mr. Clarke’s eyes were desperate now, and he looked at her—long and hard. Then, he gave a gruff nod, wiping at his forehead again. “All right.”
“You…you will help me go to him?”
He nodded again, looking uncomfortable, but resolute. “It’s insanity, as I know I just met you, but my conscience is telling me you’re sincere.” He sighed. “Either that, or I am just very easy prey for a set of weepy dark eyes.”
Emily smiled, feeling a bolt of satisfaction slice through her. It was a small victory, but it was the first one, hopefully, in a long line of others. “Oh, I swear to you, I am sincere! Thank you so much, Mr. Clarke! In good faith, I will give you the necklace now, and then, when you return at midnight, more will be waiting for you by the back door.” She pulled out a pair of bobbed pearl earrings from her reticule. “Will these do?”
“I appreciate the offer,” he said, smiling sadly now. “But keep your jewelry, all of it.”
“What? Why?”
“As a sign of good faith on my end. You see, Mrs. Wright, I’ve spent years getting paid, thinking I was providing that man in the mansion with security and protection. But I wasn’t helping him at all. Not really. It will eat at my heart for a long time that I was wrong. So I don’t want compensation this time. I want to help him because it is the right thing to do, and for no other reason at all. I can only hope he will forgive me for being so thoroughly deceived for so long…”
Emily’s eyes misted at his words, and she returned her things to her carpetbag. “I strongly suspect he will forgive you without hesitation, Mr. Clarke. We, none of us, are without knowledge of what it’s like to be manipulated and controlled. I can promise you that.”
Mr. Clarke blinked, taking her words in, and then he began rounding the counter. “Right, well, make haste now; we must get you out of here. What is the first stop you need to make before going to Valenstone Mansion?”
“Oh!” she cried, sniffing back a few tears. “Whitmore Park is the place. My daughter—I hope to settle her in with the nanny who resides there before I head off on my own.”
“Whitmore Park? I know just where that is, madam. Collect you daughter, and I will take you both there directly.”
Emily raced back to Clara, who then gazed up at her in earnest.
“Well?” Clara whispered.
“Well,” Emily replied, her heart full of hope, “let’s go to Whitmore, shall we?”
Clara gasped, and she grabbed ahold of Emily, embracing her fiercely as they then hurried behind Mr. Clarke toward the back door. Emily smiled. But inside, she felt like she was spiraling into a steady stream of madness.
She had just discovered the people behind the threatening letters Jasper had received—his own grandparents. She’d pled for help from the man who brought him his food every month. Now she was willingly on her way to Whitmore Park, where she would speak openly with Bess for the first time ever—and God willing, endeavor to trust her too!
And then she was going back to Valenstone Mansion. Back to Clinton. And back to Jasper, the man whom, she’d quite decided, she could not abandon like everyone else.
Chapter 31

An Old Haunt


The feeling that overcame Emily when Mr. Clarke’s wagon pulled up to Whitmore Park was, she was sure, similar to drowning. She’d never experienced the sensation before, of course. But she could only suspect it held the same helpless, sinking, burning pain.
She really couldn’t believe she was back. After all she’d gone through to get away, there she was again, readily rolling up the very country lane she’d escaped along. Her own residual ghost was everywhere. She could feel herself, over and over again, running by with tears on her freshly bruised cheek, Clara wrapped in her arms.
It was not an easy journey back, to say the least.
But it was one she’d make again and again if it turned out to be a worthwhile venture. Because if Emily could actually trust Bess to keep Clara safe and hidden, then she would be back at Valenstone by nightfall. It was a tantalizing possibility.
No, more than that—it was an absolute necessity!
God, Bess, please be who we need you to be, who Clara believes you to be! I cannot imagine having to devise a new plan now—which I will surely have to do if you let us all down!
Anxious, Emily appraised the beautiful house. The red bricks, pale stones, great front windows, and towering colonnades painted such a pretty face for everyone. But, quite like Clinton’s own handsome face, there’d been a great deal of debauchery concealed behind it…
Would it feel different now that Clinton was gone? Or was the house soiled somehow by his depravity and corruption? Clara had claimed it was just a house, but with so much suffering having been endured there, Emily couldn’t imagine it didn’t have its own ghosts…
“Mr. Clarke, would you mind stopping the wagon over there?”
He looked at the spot she’d indicated, which was somewhat hidden under a shady, windswept tree and a smattering of moss-covered boulders. “Over there? Why? We are almost at the house. Allow me to escort you to the front.”
“I’d rather walk the rest of the way.”
“Why?” he demanded again, even though he was already doing as she asked.
“Oh, it’s just these great houses—they always have so many servants who come rushing to oversee every polite protocol. I’d really rather not be bothered with it when I am so pressed for time.” She paused, then added, “I know the family intimately; they will not mind if I come in through the back.”
“The back? Mrs. Wright, that is most irregular.” He eyed her peculiarly. “You are certain you know what you’re about?”
“Yes. Mrs. Mathers is…someone I am very familiar with.”
“Well, you’d certainly be the first to earn her confidence. I have heard it said she is a cold and reclusive woman.”
Emily sighed, relieved when the wagon pulled to a stop. She started to descend without waiting for his help. “Mrs. Mathers is not who people think her to be,” she told him. “She is a good person. There are many layers to her that others do not know or understand.”
He leaned to the side so he could look down at her. The box seat protested under the shift in his weight. “Forgive me, Mrs. Wright; I have spoken out of turn. It’s only that Mrs. Mathers is so often spoken of in such a light that I just recited it without thinking.”
Emily gave Clara a secret wink as she pulled her from the back of the wagon. “It is not your fault, Mr. Clarke; I understand your mistake. And I assure you, Mrs. Mathers is quite used to it as well. I just felt the need to correct the narrative.”
“Noted.” He leaned over farther. “Wait. Before you dash off, I wish to tell you something.”
She peered up at him from the grass. “What’s that, sir?”
“When I return to Valenstone at midnight, if you and your companion, for some reason, are still there, I am willing to escort you to your next mode of transport, whatever that may be—be it coach or rail.” His bespectacled eyes looked a little nervous. “I would like the chance to apologize to the man I have wronged for so many years. I understand he may not tell me his name yet, but I would still like to look into his eyes and tell him myself that I never meant him any harm. I only ever thought I was helping him.”
Emily smiled at him. “You are such a good man, Mr. Clarke. I will speak to him and see what he says. But I think we may very well take you up on your offer. Our only other option is to make a run for it on foot anyway.”
Mr. Clarke leaned back in the box seat again. “Good. And call me Ellis, won’t you? We’re past the formalities now, I think.”
“Thank you, Ellis,” she said, her heart turning over. “You may call me Emma…for now. Then we shall see.”
His brow furrowed at that.
“I must go now,” she told him, turning away. “Wait right here!”
Then, with Clara at her side, Emily left him, advancing as discreetly as she could toward Whitmore. The expansive, colonnaded two-story house intimidated her, tried to push her back again. But she resisted. She ran on, eyeing the five great windows and recessed portico, all the while praying to God no one showed themselves there.
“Where do you think we will find Nanny Bess?” Clara asked as they scurried alongside the stone garden gate.
“I’m not sure. But let’s start by getting you up to your room. Reason suggests it should be empty, and I know you will at least be comfortable there…”
Emily led them toward the sitting room’s ground-level window, which was left open to permit fresh air inside. She peered into it. The room, centered by a white marbled fireplace on the back wall, tables, chairs, and lamps throughout, was quite deserted.
“All right,” Emily whispered. “I will go in first, and then I will pull you up. Don’t make a sound, and do just as I do. Understand? Just nod…”
Clara nodded several times.
Emily entered the window. Feet on the carpet, her former nightmarish dwelling all around, she helped Clara through. Together they crept across the room, deeper into the house they’d once occupied together, yet separately as well.
Hearing voices, Emily pulled herself and Clara back against the sitting room wall. The voices faded, and she peered through the doorway. Not far up ahead, through the main hall, she saw the imperial double staircase, which spun down from the second floor on both sides.
She waited, listening, as she’d once done at Valenstone. Then she held fast to Clara’s hand and raced forward. Onto the steps they clamored, veering up and toward the right, until they reached the top.
Emily pulled Clara into the hallway upstairs, not pausing for breath. She charged past her old bedroom, her beloved painting within. Memories called for her, moaning, wailing up from the past…
So much pain. She’d felt so much pain there!
She grabbed an empty candlestick holder for protection—fitting weapon, indeed!—and stumbled her way into the nursery, where she then discreetly shut and locked the door. Once there, though, she felt herself beginning to unravel.
God, I cannot believe I am back here…
She felt a little tug on her dress. Weak, she glanced down. Clara stood at her side, and she was pointing at something.
Emily looked—and her gaze burned in an instant. Because sure enough, across the room, she spotted what she’d failed to notice in her rushed entry: sitting in the rocking chair, beside the open window and faint breeze, was Bess. Her face was turned low in concentration, her soft blond hair flowing freely over her plain, brown-sleeved shoulder. And just like Emily had been only a moment ago, she was ignorant to the fact that she was not alone; she was too fixed on her needle and thread and the fabric she was stitching…
Clara began to step forward. Emily grabbed her by the shoulder to stop her. Her daughter stared up at her in impatient excitement but managed to submit herself to waiting.
Emily rounded Clara, coming to stand protectively in front of her. And she stared at Bess again. Her fingers flexed over the candlestick holder as she prepared to speak to her—the very woman who she’d felt threatened by for six long years.
Taking a deep breath, Emily dropped her heavy bag to the floor. At last, Bess lifted her honeyed gaze from her work; she blinked, taking in the room. When at last, her attention settled onto Emily, she sat forward so fast that Emily brandished her candlestick holder, thrusting it out before her in warning.
“Stay quiet,” Emily warned. “I mean it.”
“Mrs. Mathers,” Bess choked, ignoring the glinting brass held out between them. “Am I dreaming?”
“No, Bess, you are not,” Emily murmured.
“What are you doing here?”
The question frustrated Emily, bringing forth old feelings of resentment. Who did Bess think she was, having the gall to ask her what she was doing at Whitmore Park?!
Emily batted down her panic before it could grow too large. Even still, being in Bess’ presence was harder than Emily wished it to be. She’d hated the woman for too many years. Old habits died very hard deaths, it seemed.
“Your husband is looking everywhere for you,” Bess said, coming to a stand.
Desperation lanced through Emily. “I am well aware.”
“Then what are you doing here?” Bess cried again. “He could return at any moment and find you! You must leave! He will surely do you great harm should he discover you’ve come back. Go! At once! I—” Her gaze fell on Clara, who’d begun to peer around Emily’s skirt. She inhaled sharply and covered her mouth with her hand. The swatch of fabric she’d been sewing went fluttering to the floor alongside the needle and thread. “Clara?”
“Hi, Nanny Bess,” Clara said with so much love that Emily had to look down at her as well.
To see the clear and adamant adoration in her expression was difficult. It was the look she herself used to long for. And now that she knew what it was to have it fixed upon her solely, it sent a shiver through her to see it directed at Bess again. But Clara seemed to be a good judge of character. And if she looked at Bess with such love, then there must be some real good in her that Emily could depend upon.
“May I hug her, please?” Clara asked, glancing up at Emily.
Emily swallowed. “Of course you can.”
She watched as Clara flew around her, darting across the room. Bess stooped just in time to grab her and pull her high against her. Their embrace was eager and emotional. They looked, in some ways, like a mother and child, but also like old friends reunited after spending years apart.
“Oh, Nanny Bess! I missed you so!”
“Clara,” Bess said, crying openly, “I missed you too. I thought never to see you again.”
“Mama had to take me away,” Clara explained to her.
“I know that. I understand.”
Clara looked at her. “Do you?”
Bess wiped at her cheeks with the backs of her knuckles. “You know I do.” She pressed her forehead to Clara’s. “And while I hated that you were gone from me, I knew it was for the best. I was so glad to know you were going somewhere safe.”
“How did you know I was going somewhere safe?”
Emily felt a jolt as Bess’ gaze connected with her own. “Your mother had you. That’s how I knew. It was just as it should be.”
Heat broke open inside Emily, spreading through her.
“I have so much I want to talk to you about, Nanny Bess!”
Bess petted Clara’s hair back and looked down at her face again. “Is that so, sweetheart?”
“Oh, yes! Mama taught me a new song. And I dance now—like a real and proper lady. And—”
“Clara,” Emily interrupted softly.
Clara looked back at her.
“Do you think you can wait to regale Bess with your stories? I’m sorry…It’s just that we do not have much time to play with at present…”
“Oh, right! Yes, that’s quite all right. Listen, Nanny Bess,” Clara solicited, placing her hand on the woman’s cheek, “Mama and you need to whisper in private for a while now—like grown-ups have to do sometimes. I will wait over by my dollhouse until you are done.”
Bess’ smile wavered as she loosened her embrace. “Here,” she said, “I have something for you first.” She picked up the fabric from the floor. Tying off the thread and removing the needle, she handed it over. It was a little blue dress. “I made this for Bessie Doll.”
“Oh! It’s beautiful! But I thought you hadn’t expected to ever see me again.”
“I hadn’t. But without you, I had very little to occupy me, and it gave me something to do. It helped me to not miss you quite so much.”
Clara took the present with a quiet leap of joy. “Mama, look! Look what Nanny Bess made! Isn’t it splendidly done? Bessie Doll will look like you now!”
Emily eyed the blue dress, and a vision of discarded blue silk on Jasper’s floor flashed across her mind. “It’s beautiful,” she said, her voice weak.
Clara beamed and scampered toward the far corner of the room, leaving Emily to talk with Bess alone. For a moment, the two women merely stood there in silence, neither knowing what to say or do. Emily acted first, setting aside the heavy candlestick holder on the mantle.
“Bess,” she said, “there is a great deal to discuss. But being that I must hurry, I will cut to the heart of it and start with an apology.”
Bess’ cheeks turned bright red. “An apology? From you? My goodness, madam, whatever for?”
“For thinking you were someone you were not.”
“None of the past is your fault, Mrs. Mathers—”
Emily lifted a protesting hand. “Do not call me that again, I beg you. I am not Mrs. Mathers anymore. Also, I need you to know that I did not bring Clara back here to stay—and I am relieved to see that you seem to know why we left in the first place.”
“I do know why. You are right.”
“Well, again, I will continue to be frank with you, Bess: I never liked you. In fact, I think it would be fair to say I hated you. I know hearing me say that may hurt, but it cannot surprise you. Surely you knew I distrusted you the moment you came here.”
“I knew it,” Bess assented. “But I also understood.”
“…You understood?” Emily echoed.
“Yes. I tried once to talk to you about it. I don’t know if you recall that.”
Emily shook her head.
“No. I suppose you wouldn’t. I take the blame for that. It was an ill-timed attempt to have a difficult conversation. You were in the beginning stages of labor with Clara, actually.”
“Oh…wait. I do think I remember that!” Emily gasped. “You came into the room and sat beside my bed. I was furious with you and sent you from the room almost instantly.”
Bess gave a small shrug. “Again, wretched timing on my part. I’d thought that if I assured you I was no threat before your baby was born, you would be less devastated when…”
“When I had to hand her over to you.”
“Yes.”
Emily came forward a step. “You weren’t in love with him, were you? Tell me honestly.”
“No, ma’am. I swear I never cared for your husband. Not one whit! I know he led you to believe otherwise, but I never willingly allowed him anywhere near me.”
“Did he…Goodness Bess, did he ever…” Emily shut her eyes and drove the question out. “Did he ever make you be with him by force?”
Bess paled. “His advances were not welcome. And they started as soon as I arrived to Whitmore. I was going to leave to work for another household…but then Clara arrived and…Well, I did not love him, but I loved her immediately. She is why I stayed. I couldn’t leave her; she needed my protection. I wanted you to understand that I felt that way. I was too terrified to speak to you again, though. So I wrote you several letters. But they were all intercepted by Mr. Mathers. And they always made him very angry. Before long, he started watching me closely anytime I got anywhere near you. So I gave up; I simply accepted that to you, I was the other woman, and there was nothing I could do to change your mind. But you did have friends here,” Bess whispered, urgent. “We each did what we could to spare you when we could. Some of us here couldn’t stand the way he treated you. We actually secretly sent for the local constables numerous times throughout your marriage.”
“Truly?” Emily cried, astonished.
“Yes. They came, spoke with him, and then left again, without even so much as seeing you. It was like that every time. And it was most infuriating. We were all at a loss at what to do.”
“You could have kept trying to tell me the truth. I think it might have helped to know people cared.”
“You’re right. We were trying to spare you the feeling of abandonment by law enforcement…but I can see now all we did was make you feel abandoned by everyone else. Those of us here who love you felt quite desperate to help you whenever we could. I even used myself as a pawn to keep him from you sometimes.”
Oh God! “…You mean like you did with Clara?”
“She told you about that, did she?” Bess whispered.
Emily nodded.
“Well, I’ll confess then that I’d begun to feel it was my job to protect the both of you in whatever way I could. If I didn’t, I couldn’t stand the thought of what might happen to you. And I was fine with being vilified if it meant I could remain and do what needed to be done.”
“…Bess.” Emily came forward and, trembling, placed one hand on either of Bess’ shoulders. “How I have misjudged you. Allow me to finish my apology now: I am so deeply sorry for hating you, for being envious and awful when you were around. It was coming from a place of pain.”
Bess looked at her with a patient sense of sorrow. “Thank you. But I knew that already. I have always known that. I was proud of you when you took Clara away. It was the strongest I’d ever seen you.”
“I’d thought you’d come to stop me.”
“I would never stop you. Had I come upon you packing earlier, I would have helped you.”
They stared at each other, Emily feeling more than a little mesmerized by the strange and new sense of camaraderie that was forming between them.
“Thank you for everything you have done to help my daughter and me,” Emily told her. “We are indebted to you.”
Bess smiled at her, touching her tentatively on the shoulder. “It was an honor. You are a good woman, Mrs. Mathers—I mean—”
“Emily. Just call me Emily. I plan to go by an alias, but there is no point in you calling me by that name; you know who I am.” Emily sniffed. “May I hug you?”
Bess was coming forward before Emily even understood it. They embraced, weeping at finally finding a friend in one another. When Emily looked up, it was to see Clara donned with a wondrous expression in the corner of the room. Emily smiled at her.
“Bess, I feel I have run out of free favors to ask of people lately—particularly of you. But I do have one more thing I need of you.”
“What is it?”
Emily pulled back a little. “I need you to watch over Clara for me.”
Shock contorted Bess’ features. “What? Why? Where will you be?”
“Somewhere…A friend of mine is in need of help. You see…Clinton is with him. And I must go back! I can’t take Clara, though; it will be much too dangerous.”
“Emily, are you sure you want to do this? You escaped Mr. Mathers. You and Clara both. You should be far away from him by now, not running back.”
“I know that.” Emily hung her head. “But you see…this friend of mine…” She lifted her face again and let Bess see the burning emotion in her eyes. “I am in love with him. I must go back to him. My heart commands it. Please, take care of Clara for me. Hide her somewhere safe in this house until I return, and let no one know, not even those you feel you may trust. As of this moment, I am putting my faith in you only.” Desperateness made her voice weak. “Can you do this for me, Bess? Please? It is why we have come back.”
Bess’ brows pulled together in bewilderment, but she nodded. “Yes, of course. Don’t be absurd. I will forever help you however I am able to.”
Emily smiled again, and a quiet laugh filled with hope and elation escaped her. “Oh, thank you!” She kissed Bess on the cheek. “I truly do owe you the world—and I will do whatever I can to pay you back for all you have done for me.” She released a shuddering breath and let go of her. “Clara, hurry and come here!”
Clara ran across the room. “What’s happening now?”
“I am leaving you here with Nanny Bess,” Emily said, sinking to her knees and taking her daughter’s hands into her own. “You were right; we can trust her. I believe that now.”
Clara’s face filled with color. “So you are going back to him now?”
“Yes. I must, mustn’t I?”
Clara threw herself into Emily’s arms, holding her tight. “Oh, yes! Go to him, Mama! He needs you; I can feel it.”
“Can you, darling?”
“Yes. Hurry and help him. And be sure to bring him back with you when you come to get me.”
“I will do everything within my power to make that happen. Because we love him, right? That’s what people do when they love one another; they try as hard as they can—and make necessary sacrifices when it’s warranted.”
“Conceivably so,” Clara whispered with a sniffle, recalling the word he’d taught her.
Emily held Clara’s face between her hands. She rained kisses over her. “I am so glad you are my daughter.”
“Please, be safe…” Clara said, starting to cry. “I love you.”
“I love you too. And I will be very careful, I promise.” Emily smirked. “Maybe it will be I who saves him this time, hmmm?”
Clara gave her a watery smile. “I think you are right.”
Emily kissed her brow once more. “Stay with Nanny Bess and hide. Speak to no one, and make not a sound.” She came to her feet, feeling lightheaded.
“Emily?” Bess came forward. “Allow me to help you get out safely. Also, there is something you should take with you before you go.” She bent over Clara. “Wait here now and be good, sweetheart. I will be right back.”
Bess fled from the room. Emily gave Clara one last promising smile before trailing after her new friend and shutting the door.
“Where is everyone?” Emily whispered as they slipped through the hall.
“Dawdling, mostly. Without Mr. Mathers here, the air has been much lighter.” Bess poked her head around to view the landing, the stairs, and front entry way. “It looks clear. Come on.”
Together they tiptoed down the main stairs. When a few voices could be heard echoing from a back hall, toward the dining room, Bess scurried ahead into Clinton’s study. Emily followed suit.
“Look in his desk,” Bess said in a quiet voice as she shut the door, her breathing coming faster. “Top drawer.”
Emily’s stomach felt queasy as she traipsed across the room. It was full of sumptuous leather and velvet-upholstered furniture. Clinton had several of his hunting game mounted on the walls, mainly roe deer, and more taxidermic displays of foxes and birds were scattered about. It smelled of smoke, sharp cologne, and whiskey, and was clearly designed for male comfort and leisure.
She’d never really spent much time in it before. But she’d had a love-hate relationship with it, all the same. It was the place Clinton had always gone to drink himself into a stupor. Usually, he passed out there until late in the morning hours when he’d finally trudge up to bed. Sometimes, though, he’d stumble out of it, inebriated and angry with her for some ridiculous reason…
Rather like the night she’d left him.
Nose wrinkling, she hurried to the desk and opened the drawer as Bess had instructed. What she saw, made her skin prick in sudden cognizance.
It was a gleaming flintlock pistol.
“He keeps it loaded,” Bess urged. “Usually, there are two of them, but he has taken one with him. So take that one with you and go. If you are planning to face him in defiance, you may very well need it.”
Emily grabbed it, feeling its weight and power in her palm before slipping it into her carpetbag.
Bess peered out of the room. “Quick now; I will take you out the front.”
Emily and Bess raced to the door, side by side. Bess flung it open. Emily paused just long enough to reach out and touch Bess’ cheek.
“Go be with Clara now, Bess,” she whispered. “She is so happy to be returned to you. I will be back as soon as I can.”
And with that, Emily ran into the fading sunlight, toward Ellis Clarke’s awaiting wagon, wherein she would soon be bound for Valenstone once again.
Chapter 32

A Vengeful Ghost


Jasper was grateful for the descending shadows more than he could say. They allowed him to slip in and out of rooms with an air of discretion he’d since failed to appreciate. But that evening, he did not take them for granted. Because so far, he’d been able to brush close to Clinton Mathers without being noticed.
Mostly, anyway.
Sometimes, Clinton had stopped and looked around, suspicious of whether or not he was actually alone. Sometimes, he’d even looked right at Jasper and hadn’t realized it; Jasper had been too well concealed in some remote corner where the last rays of the sun could not reach him.
Jasper didn’t enjoy it, per se; haunting the man on purpose was strange and altogether unnatural to how he normally conducted himself. But it was also a very necessary task to undertake. Because he only had a few weapons in his arsenal, and to move about like a ghost was one of them. To gain the upper hand, he was going to have to disarm his opponent with fear, leave him trembling and disoriented.
So that was just what Jasper did. He’d started off slow, of course, merely going out of his way to places in the tunnels he knew made the most noise. Then he’d begun entering rooms in secret, glaring at Clinton with an unforgiving intensity before purposefully causing something to fall over.
At first, Clinton hadn’t thought much of it; he’d merely looked over his shoulder, and with a grunt or a shrug, moved on to the next guest room—his favorite rooms, it seemed. And no doubt that was because he’d first found evidence of Emily and Clara in a guest room.
Sick, resentful man.
But now, at last, fear was finally starting to take the edge off his wrath. For things had continued to fall without his being anywhere near them—and the fallen items were no longer viewed with disregard, but with mounting concern.
And yet still, he carried on…
But not, hopefully, for much longer, Jasper thought, listening as Clinton headed into the turret room.
Jasper took the hidden, spiraling stairs up to the room as well. And then, embraced by the shadows he’d once hated and now respected, he slipped in unnoticed. Being there again after what’d happened with Emily felt like an unforeseen kick in his gut. He found himself gazing at the space beside the grandfather clock where he’d held and kissed her passionately.
It sidetracked him enough to where, when Clinton started smashing paintings, Jasper barely noticed. By the fourth painting, however, his wits came rushing back.
With a scowl, he slunk through the gloom of the turret and touched the rocking horse with his booted foot, making it sway. Clinton spun around at the sound of the wooden bows rolling back and forth. Jasper had already crept behind the stand-alone mirror, and he remained there, listening.
“To hell with this,” Clinton said, storming from the room. “I’ve exorcized enough of my demons for now; it’s time I deal with Emily and Clara.”
Just hearing their names leave that wretched man’s mouth heated Jasper’s blood. He prowled in silence after Clinton, keeping back by several paces. When they descended into the corridor, he eyed the location of the next hidden door—a portion in the wall, like a great many others, that was hidden in the seams of the wainscot paneling and wallpaper. He moved toward it, unlatching it with considerable care. Then, after slipping through, he shut the door behind him with an intentional bang!
“What in the accursed blazes?!” Clinton cried out.
Jasper held his breath, standing very still beyond the wall. Then Clinton began to run. Jasper pursued him. He made as much noise as possible during his descent through the house. And when Clinton stumbled down into the entry hall and stopped, Jasper eased to a stop in the wall as well; the creaks carried out into the house echoingly.
“Damn it all, what is that sound?” Clinton demanded. Then, louder, as if in defiance of his own fear, he added, “And why is it so dark in this house?! Did no one think to strike a match? Or are you a bunch of sniveling rats who can exist without the aid of light?”
Clinton marched eastward, headed for the dining hall—where he believed the girl was being kept. The double doors slammed open. Jasper crossed his arms as he waited. Not but a moment later, a few curse words ricocheted throughout the empty room.
Then Clinton’s booted feet stormed out, racing toward the west hall before bursting into the library. A second ticked by. Two. Finally, a roar big enough to fill the mansion one room at a time, was torn from Clinton’s chest.
“Where in the bloody hell is everyone?!” he thundered, tearing from the library and sprinting back into the entry hall.
Jasper took the opportunity to ease from the wall and edge along it, into a space that was substantially darker than the rest of the room. Oddly enough, it was the very same spot he’d stood after letting Emily into the house. Fitting that he should now be concealed there again, scrutinizing the very man from whom she’d been running.
“Claude!” Clinton yelled into the house. “Warren!”
No one answered.
“Claude! Warren! What the devil have you done?!” he seethed.
“They have done nothing,” Jasper murmured.
Clinton jumped a little at his intrusive voice. “Who is that?! Who is speaking to me? Show yourself!”
When Clinton began to turn in a slow circle, looking around, Jasper eased past him, into the silent west hall. “It does not matter who I am,” he said, the words traveling eerily.
Clinton swiveled toward the new direction of his voice, and Jasper slipped into the walls again. That time, he went up, darting along a steep set of stairs that led him to the landing. Behind the tapestry that hung there, he cracked open the hidden door.
“I would think it matters more who you are,” he said, letting his voice travel from above. “Considering this is not your house…”
He could hear Clinton jerk around again. “Damnation,” he croaked, trying and failing to sound indignant instead of terrified. “What is going on? Someone is toying with me. Who is it? I demand to know!”
“You demand to know?” Jasper echoed, and he eased himself down again, but that time, to the east hall. He entered the darkness there with nothing but a few creaks to signal his shift in location. “Who are you to demand anything from me?”
Clinton swiveled around again, and Jasper stared at him from the shelter of the shadows. The man was cast in a silvery glow, moonlight catching in the richness of his hair and perspiring brow. He was a handsome scoundrel, to be sure. An unfortunate disguise for his prey, who could not see past his golden beauty enough to realize he was the real monster.
Jasper willed himself to imagine Emily at Clinton’s side, her splendorous spirit withering in shame and degradation. He saw again the shocking bruise that’d covered her porcelain cheek. And he just couldn’t comprehend how Clinton could have done it. How could anyone look at her and want to harm her? How could anyone ever wish to do anything but worship and love her?
It took evil—true and pure evil to do it. The very same kind that’d lived in Victor and Xavier.
So much malignant hate! They were vile, immoral men who were given too much liberty in the world. They, each of them, had possessed an imbalanced amount of power, which permitted them to prey upon the weak and the innocent, to commit atrocities left and right.
Jasper could not stand it.
And while he’d never had the gumption to face down his own tormentors, he had plenty of it to face down Emily and Clara’s. Because he had not grown up under Clinton’s tyranny like he had Victor’s. Nor had Clinton ever manipulated him with fear or pain like Xavier had. Such experiences had built figurative walls around Jasper, both as a child and a man; he’d not been able to get around them and confront those who’d shunned and harmed him.
But with Clinton, he was able to view him clearly, without the impediment of childhood trauma. And all that man was to him, was a villainous coward. A serpent who’d spent years tormenting an angel behind closed doors—and even now, he was after her still.
It was not to be borne.
Jasper was going to place himself in his way, just as he’d promised Emily he would. To honor, love, and protect Emily and Clara was his sole mission in life. It was his very reason for living at all anymore. And if need be, it would be his reason for dying, as well…
Jasper moved forward. He watched as Clinton began to discern flickers of his movement. With every step he took, the wider Clinton’s blue eyes became. It wasn’t until he’d entered the moonlight, joining his adversary in the open entry hall, that he stopped again.
Look at me, he thought. Look long and good. This is the face of the man who will send you to hell, where you belong. Tell me now—what do you think?
“What in God’s name…?” Clinton breathed, horrified.
“God or the devil? To whom do you pray? I have heard you plead to both.”
“…I…I…”
Jasper tilted his head at an angle, observing Clinton with mocking severity. “Clinton Mathers, are you speechless?”
“You said you didn’t know who I was!”
“No, I asked who you were in your audacity to make demands of me.”
“And…” Clinton grunted as he stumbled back a step, “just who are you?”
“I already said it doesn’t matter.”
“Yes, it does! How do you know me? Who are you? I command you to tell me!”
“Demand, command—does everyone respond to such orders from you? Unfortunately for you, I am not like everyone else.”
“I can see that,” Clinton spat, his voice wavering. “You stay back from me…you…you…Hell, I don’t know what you are! But I want no part of you! Be gone from here!”
“More dictation? Clinton, did you not believe me when I said that I will not respond to it? Besides, I cannot leave here, even if I wished to.”
Clinton paled. “What sort of house is this?”
Jasper took a step closer. “Not one you should have entered.”
“Ghoul, keep away!” Clinton whipped out a flintlock pistol from a hidden holster beneath his coat. With two trembling arms, he held it before him, pointing it in Jasper’s direction.
Jasper eyed it, not surprised. “Ghoul, you say,” he whispered. “What good would it be to shoot me if I am not really here? What earthly weapon could spare you? I’d like to know. Honestly, Clinton, when everyone else who has entered this house has suddenly died or disappeared, do you truly think you are immune to suffering the same fate?”
“Deuced monster, I will not be trifled with!” Clinton cried out, looking this way and that.
Jasper narrowed his eyes at him. Clinton was shaking so badly now that, should he actually shoot, it was very probable that he’d miss altogether. Even still, though, Jasper sensed the end was near; it was time to put Clinton out of his misery—and everyone else’s. Whatever happened to himself in the process simply didn’t matter anymore.
“That’s the thing about monsters,” Jasper said, and he moved forward again, forcing Clinton to take measured steps backward. “They are never truly as they appear. Because at a glance, one would easily think me the monster. But I know the truth, Clinton. Hidden beneath that thin veneer of your exterior, that shell of flesh and bone that holds you to this earth, is a pitiless soul, indeed. You have been surrounding yourself with innocent people, taking pleasure in their weakness and enjoyment in their suffering. You are the real monster—not I.”
“…You’ve done something with Emily, haven’t you?” Clinton quaked, avoiding Jasper’s accusation. “She was here; I found the evidence. And Clara was with her!”
“Yes…”
“Where are they?”
“I will not tell you.”
“Why?”
“Because it is not for you to know.”
“Emily is my wife—”
“She was nothing to you but your property,” Jasper snapped, using the past tense with vicious intention. “You ruthlessly held her down in an attempt to shame her, rule her—she is gone now, and you cannot have her. She wasn’t really yours in the first place. Not in the ways that actually matter.”
Clinton glared at him over the shaking barrel of his gun. “You speak as though you care for her. Are you keeping her here, monster? Is she hiding somewhere in this mansion of death with you?”
Jasper gritted his teeth. “You certainly will be.”
Clinton blinked rapidly. “Fine. Keep her—in whatever form you’ve taken her. Dead or alive, I don’t care anymore. She was a stupid, disobedient woman anyway.”
Hateful coward!
“And your child?” Jasper asked, forcing his voice to be calm. “Clara. Will you leave her to me like a scrap of meat, as well?”
“No. Clara is my child, and I do want her back.”
“How do you know she is able to be returned to you?”
“You just asked me if I planned to leave her—”
“I was only curious of your answer, of your level of depravity. It doesn’t actually matter what you say; you cannot have her either. They are lost to you, Clinton. Both of them.”
“So they are dead! Take them, then—whatever you are!” Clinton said, spittle collecting in the corners of his mouth.
“You may believe what you want, except that I stole them from you. I did not; they left you. They despised you, and you never deserved them. Just as you never deserved that French mother and child you brought here as replacements.” Jasper shook his head, disgusted. “Tell me, just what did you plan to do to them? Beat them? Torture them? What?!”
He let his face contort savagely with his feelings as he spoke, hoping to elicit more fear from Clinton. So far, it seemed to be working, for Clinton was stumbling backward again, losing his footing.
“You do not belong amongst the living, Clinton Mathers,” Jasper admonished. “You are dead inside already.”
Clinton’s arctic gaze darted from one side to the next, scanning his surroundings.
“There is no use in looking for a way out,” Jasper told him, quieter now. “There is no escape and nowhere you can hide where I cannot find you.”
“So what do you plan to do with me? Keep me here like some trinket in your collection of souls?” The gun swayed about, and it became clear that Clinton was about to fire it out of desperation. “I’ll be damned.”
“You already are.”
Jasper charged forward. He felt a flash of Emily move through him. Her face, as clear and present as it’d been in the tunnel, shimmered like a mirage in his mind. He felt comforted, encouraged…determined.
I love you.
A gunshot detonated the quiet of the entry hall. Blinding, searing agony ripped through Jasper’s stomach, and he was unable to hide his reaction: he roared in pain as liquid fire trailed from the wound. And yet, he continued forward.
“You…you bleed!” Clinton accused, his eyes on the budding red flower that opened across Jasper’s white shirt. “You’re alive!”
But Jasper was already upon him by then. And he swiftly reached back, withdrawing the knife from its hiding place. Then, in one unforgiving thrust, he drove it into Clinton’s abdomen. The gun fell to the floor in a loud clatter.
Jasper ferociously gripped the back of Clinton’s neck, holding him in place. “That one is for Clara,” he whispered by his ear.
He withdrew the knife, and Clinton gasped. Jasper drove it in again, one more time.
“And that one is for Emily,” he said, “you miserable waste of a human being.”
Jasper released him slowly, letting him slide from the blade until he was sprawled along the floor. Vivid blue eyes stared upward, aware, enraged—mortified. When blood began gurgling past his lips and spilling back into his golden hair, Jasper could look no more.
He himself sank to the floor. The knife clanked to the side, and he landed on his back. Despite the shocking pain and the looming presence of death that filled the room, he felt a tremendous sense of victory.
He’d done it. He’d set Emily free. And not just from Valenstone Mansion, but from the man who was her sole enemy in life. She did not have to hide anymore. She could be free, as herself, to live her life and raise Clara.
She could just be Emily…
His death would be worth it.
Dazed, Jasper looked up. The angels depicted in the glass overhead stared down at him. He studied their faces and figures, their colors muted by the pallid glow of the moon. They kept him company as he faded. But he didn’t want them; he wanted his angel.
Emily, he called, where are you? Don’t leave me now…not when I need you most…
His view of the stained glass pulsated and grew hazier as he waited. But still, Emily did not appear. The world diminished in color and sound. He suffocated on his own breath. And then he was left with nothing but deafening, black and white silence. He shut his eyes, anticipating death as the shadows and walls watched on.
Chapter 33

Unforsaken


“Stop here!”
Emily gripped the side of the wagon as Ellis Clarke pulled on the reins and brought them to a stop on the top of the hill. “I must go now,” she said to him.
Ellis’ hazel eyes met hers over the rims of his spectacles. “Right,” he said worriedly. “Take care of yourself, young lady—and our lonesome young man, as well. I will return for you both at midnight.”
“Thank you, sir. We will see you then!”
Having no more time to spare, Emily leapt to the ground. Behind her, Ellis’ wagon clattered and rolled away, into the night. She resituated the pressured strap of her carpetbag on her shoulder and looked out at the view of Valenstone.
The enormous mansion rose up like a black talon from the earth, menacing and ominous. Its many gables slashed across the sky, the lonely tower jutting across the moon. But she was not afraid anymore. She knew the house intimately. She knew all its secrets. And while, in so many ways it was an awful place, a place built to lock away the man she loved, she also felt a spark of fondness for it. It wasn’t just a house to bury the living; it’d been a home where she’d been kept safe. She’d learned how to be Clara’s mother in there. She’d fallen in love there…
Jasper, her spirit cried, desperate to be near him again, I am coming!
Emily dashed down the hill as quickly as she could, trying to discern the best way in which to reenter the mansion. She eyed the window Jasper had helped her through in her escape. It was closed and devoid of his image now. She stumbled a little but continued on.
Where? Where could she get in? The broken window, perhaps, in the front? It was the only place she knew she could enter that wasn’t locked…
Heart pounding, she edged around the side of Valenstone. The mansion hovered up next to her, all sleek stone and climbing, mossy earth. She touched it as she snuck beside it, longing to be within its walls again.
As she came upon the front of the mansion, she slowed down, steadying her breath. Up ahead, she could see the circled drive and ravaged courtyard. The white angels that lingered there, amidst the choking vines, were stark beneath the moon.
She bit her lip as she stared at them. Your vigilance has been much appreciated, she told them. Dear angels, protecting Jasper all these years, watching over him. You may rest now; I am here.
At the broken anteroom window, she peered cautiously through it. The room was dark and silent. Removing the gun, she slid her bag in first. Then, with great care so as not to cut herself or misfire her weapon, she returned herself to the house that haunted her.
Straight away, she felt tears of blessed relief fill her eyes. She didn’t want to think of this place as home, but as long as Jasper was inside it, it was where she wished to be. She couldn’t wait to find him. Angry with her though he might be by her recklessness, she also knew he’d take her in his arms and hold her again. He’d whisper impassioned words of frustration and love in her ear, and he’d have no choice but to accept that she’d returned. They would face Clinton together—whether he liked it or not. They’d face his grandparents as well. He would never have to do anything alone ever again, if she could help it.
Taking her bag and redonning it, she eased from the anteroom and crept into the east hall. To her left, was absolute darkness. To her right, just around a short bend, was the entry hall.
She could see moonlight trickling from around that corner, teasing her, pulling her in its direction. She didn’t want to risk being seen, though, so she resisted its influence. Instead, she tiptoed toward the part of the wall where she knew a secret door to be hidden. Her fingers slid along the wainscot paneling, searching for a way in. Several moments later, she frowned in irritation, for she was still unable to find it. Where else could she go?
The painting in the library, she thought. It is the door I am most familiar with. I couldn’t open it before, but I might be able to figure it out if I try again…
It was likely to be the next best option. Problem was, she had a long trek to make in order to get there. And to start, she’d have to risk being seen in the brightest room in the house—the entry hall.
Bracing herself, pistol poised, Emily turned and strained to hear something, anything that might alert her to where everyone was. The house was deathly quiet. Not a creak, a murmur, or even a breath of sound disturbed the silence.
She crept forward a step. Then another. The moonlight richened as she neared the turn in the hall. Soft and pearlescent, it spilled from the stained-glass ceiling and pressed its glow into every nook it could reach. She took a swift glance around. She needed to gauge the room carefully before she—
Emily froze, her gaze centering on the two bodies on the entry hall floor. At first, she didn’t know what she was looking at. Or who. It was like she had a sudden snarl in her mind, one that forced her thoughts to stagger and start again, confused. Bodies. Yes, those were bodies on the floor! Two male bodies…
She was instantly running. As she drew nearer, she could see the blood. It was coating the floor, spreading like oily, crimson paint. It was also all over the men—one of which she immediately recognized as Clinton; his face, framed with backswept golden hair, was stagnant and expressionless in death. And the other man…
“Oh God!” she cried. “Jasper! No!”
She ripped off the carpetbag’s strap as she reached him, letting the bag fall to the side in a careless heap. She placed the gun upon it and sank beside him. Her black skirts and white petticoats billowed out around her, soaking up the blood.
Through the fire of her tears, she saw that he was paler than he’d ever been before. And he was far, far too still. His long hair lay around him. And his shirt, which had once been a brilliant white, was now murderously red.
“Jasper! Jasper!”
She leaned over him, not knowing where to put her quaking hands. There was too much blood. She could smell it—coppery and thick. Sobs shook her shoulders as wild grief took possession of her. Her cries began to grow in strength and volume.
“No! No! Please, Jasper!” Choking on her tears, Emily took ahold of his face. “God, tell me I am not too late! Please, look at me! Open your eyes!”
He remained motionless, his beautifully dark eyes closed to her.
“I’m so sorry…” she wept. “Please, don’t leave me! I love you! Jasper, I love you…” Frantic, she bent her head and placed it against his, joining herself to him at the forehead. “No. I refuse this. I cannot accept it. You are not dead! Wake up! Look at me!”
Still, nothing.
Emily’s tears fell over his face. She kissed his cheeks, his mouth, sobbing. And it was then that, like a burst of light inside her, she realized he was breathing.
Gasping, she sat up a bit and stared at him. Then she placed her ear to his mouth. Yes! Breath! Shallow puffs of air though they were, they were there! He was still alive!
“Jasper!” she said. “You’re still here! Please, open your eyes!” She kissed him again. “Jasper Duvane, I am with you now. Wake up…”
After a few more attempts to rouse him with kisses and desperate little shakes, he stirred. She looked down at him as his lashes lifted. And there he was, the man she loved, his soul gazing up at her through his eyes.
“What took you so long?” he whispered. “I was waiting.”
She wiped at her eyes furtively, not wanting his image to be blurred for even a second. “You knew I would come?”
“Yes,” he answered in a weak voice. “You promised me you would. You were here earlier too. In the tunnel. We waited together. Don’t you…don’t you remember?”
Emily shook her head. He was babbling nonsense. Stifling another sob, she undid the clasp of her mantle and threw it back. “Jasper, I was not here,” she told him. “I left and went to Millwood. But I came back. And thank God I did!”
“No, you were here. You were haunting me, just as you are now.”
Emily stared at him, understanding him at last. He thought he was imagining her. “No, my love.” She waited as his deep gaze became more focused. “I really am here this time. I am not your imagination.” She untied her bonnet and tossed it aside as well. Then, taking his bloodied hand, she cleaned it on her skirts and brought it to her cheek. “Feel that? It’s real. I am real. I came back to you.”
Jasper’s brow puckered in bewilderment. “You’re here…actually here…”
“Yes.”
He gaped at her for one long, suspended moment. Then emotion began warping his features, and a strangled sound lifted in his throat. “Angel, why?”
“I came back to help you.”
“You came back to…help me…Emily, are you mad? I set you free! You…you were never supposed to see me like this…”
“I know. But I had to come back. I can’t live without you, Jasper. You’re the love of my life. And whatever one of us faces, the other must face it too!”
“We talked about this…”
“Yes, but I have so much more to tell you now. Listen, I was at the coaching inn, and—”
“Emily, stop.”
“No! Jasper, I—”
“I’m sorry,” he grieved. “I cannot go anywhere with you. I wasn’t ever meant to leave this house. Can’t you see that? Look at me, angel. I am dying.”
“No, you most certainly are not!” she cried.
“I am.”
“No, you’re not. I will not let you.” She kissed his fingers and placed his hand in her lap. “Now, where exactly are you hurt? I will help you.”
His sigh was feeble, and it was clear he didn’t have the strength to argue with her anymore. He gestured to his abdomen. “There,” he said softly. “Clinton shot me.”
She gritted her teeth, casting a scathing glare at Clinton’s motionless form. “I see you got a lick in, as well.”
“Two licks,” he said, pointing to the blood-spattered knife.
Emily’s stomach turned. She looked away and began unbuttoning Jasper’s shirt.
“It was worth it,” he told her. “I’m not going to die in vain. Because you’re free now. You don’t have to hide or pretend ever again. You’re not Emma Wright; you’re Emily—always my Emily.”
“Yes. And now all I need is for you to be free with me, Jasper.”
He turned his face away from her. Emily wiped several more tears from her cheek with her shoulder, and she finished the line of buttons. Then she opened his shirt. She hadn’t seen much of his chest before. Just a brief glimpse past his unbuttoned collar. But now he was utterly exposed. The scars, as she expected, vined down the right half of his body, which was quite strong and beautifully shaped. But whatever pity or admiration she felt was fleeting as she looked at the center of his gut, where there was a single bullet hole. And it was a gruesome wound, indeed—all torn and bloodied flesh.
She shook her head, furious for him. “I must dress it,” she warned. “It will hurt.”
Taking one of her petticoats from her bag, she folded it into a long strip of linen. Then she eased it under him. Wrapping it around his stomach, she secured it tightly. A frown tugged at her mouth when he let out a fierce cry of pain. Still, she did not relent, even pressing down hard upon his wound with her hand.
“Oh…” he gasped. “Emily…”
“I have to stanch the blood flow,” she apologized, and after cleaning her free hand on her skirt, she smoothed his brow. “How long ago did this happen?”
“I have no idea. How much blood have I lost?”
“I can’t tell,” she said. “There is a great deal of it everywhere—but it could be more Clinton’s than yours. There’s just no way to be sure.”
She watched as he trained his gaze on her. “Clara isn’t here too, is she?”
“No. I left her at Whitmore with Bess.”
“…You feel she is safe there?”
“Absolutely.”
“Good.” He swallowed. “Emily…”
“Yes?”
“I need you to promise me something now.”
She waited.
“Take me to the sea with you,” he whispered.
Her heart leapt at his words. “You mean it?”
His eyes were sad. “Yes. I want to be buried wherever it is that you and Clara are living. If you two are by the sea, I want to be laid to rest beside it as well.”
“Jasper,” she said with a shaking voice, “if we go to the sea, it will be with you living and breathing beside us. No other way!”
He gave her a faint smile. “I appreciate you trying to be positive; but I need you to be realistic now too. Stomach wounds are fatal. I am not going to survive this. Please promise that you will put me in the ground wherever it is that you choose to call home.”
“Jasper—”
“Promise me!”
“…Fine. If you do not survive this, I will do as you wish. And if you do survive it, you must promise me that you will go with me anyway. I am not leaving you here ever again. I love you.”
“Angel,” he said softly, “why are you speaking as though my circumstances have changed for the better. They’ve worsened. When you left, you seemed to understand how impossible it is for me to leave with you…”
“Yes, but that was before I knew who has been writing you those letters and sending you food…”
His gaze intensified. “What are you talking about?”
“I have discovered the identity of the people who are extorting and threatening you.”
“What?” he demanded.
“They were at the coaching inn. I overheard them talking about you.” Emily’s fingers moved to his cheek. She stroked his scars with gentle reverence. “Their names are Cora and Arthur Price…and their daughter is Margaret Ashdown.”
Jasper stared at her without blinking. And for one terrifying moment, Emily thought he’d stopped breathing.
“Jasper?” she whispered.
“Yes…”
She expelled a breath. “Do you realize who they are?”
“My birthmother,” he said. “Margaret…”
“Yes. And Mr. and Mrs. Price are—”
“My grandparents.”
Emily nodded.
“…So Victor had lied.” Jasper trained his eyes up at the stained glass. “Margaret knew he had me…all along.”
“No. You were right; he never told her. And she still doesn’t know. Her parents are the only ones who do.”
“Explain this to me,” he whispered.
“They were furious for her when she’d become pregnant with you. They, like the Norworth Foundling Hospital, were led to believe she was accosted by some unknown man. They tried to look into it themselves. Cora, particularly, was ruthless in her search for the man who’d harmed her daughter. Then…she met Xavier, who apparently, unlike you, had been told Margaret’s maiden name. He was the one who’d found them. And he’d quite told them everything.”
“…Everything?”
“Everything but Jonathan’s name. You should be relieved to know that, at least. They couldn’t find him because they did not know who to look for.”
“Yes, that is good,” Jasper said, but he sounded far away. Like he was distracted. Finally, he asked, “How long ago was this, when the Prices found out about me?”
“You were fourteen. After learning that Victor had you, Cora assumed you knew everything about your lineage, and she was desperate to ensure you never brought those details to light. So she and Xavier conspired a way to make you less likely to leave—if survive at all.”
His hand lifted weakly to his face. “My scars,” he breathed.
“Yes. And that’s not even all of it, Jasper. I learned Cora and Arthur didn’t actually have anything to do with Xavier’s death. He’d passed in a simple riding accident, just as it was originally said. The Prices used his death as a weapon, assuming responsibility for it so as to fearmonger all of you. When you were alone here at last, Cora was frantic; she thought you’d leave like Jonathan had. So she set up the shipments of food, which she now plans to lessen the amount of in stages until you starve, Jasper.”
“…I don’t understand. Why bother with me at all, then? If she hates me so much, why didn’t she just let me die years ago?”
“Margaret,” Emily whispered. “I suppose, even after everything they’d done, they’d felt a stroke of conscience. Or at least Arthur had. He’d convinced Cora to help you find some measure of peace while also ensuring that you stay here, hidden away.”
Jasper’s lashes fluttered several times. “So the threats…”
“Were just that—threats. Fear is a powerful weapon, just as you said.”
“So—all along, I have been able to leave whenever I wished to…”
The bewildered sadness in his expression made Emily want to weep like a baby. “Yes, my love. The Prices wielded the information they had about you and your circumstances in an effort to restrain you to the life Victor had built for you. They’re as scared of you as you are of them.”
She leaned lower, kissing him. She felt his hand come up and hold the side of her face. She sighed; it felt so good to be held by him again.
“Now, don’t you see?” she said, looking down at him. “We know who is behind all this treachery, and we can take back your power. You don’t have to hide here anymore, ever again. You can face them. We can face them together. Fight back, Jasper! Take your life and fight for it!”
For the first time ever, Jasper looked like he was seriously considering his own freedom. Like he was weighing it in his mind as a real option, as something that was finally attainable…
But then, a shutter fell behind his eyes, and the hope was gone again. “Emily, I’m dying,” he reminded her.
“Stop saying that!”
“It’s true.”
“No, it’s not! We know nothing for certain yet!”
“Do you actually believe I can lay here like this, with just you, and somehow survive without medical attention? Angel, even you can’t spin up such a miracle.”
“I could run and fetch help, then,” Emily said. But once the words were out, her heart fluttered at the idea of leaving him again; something told her that if he was left alone, he would give up and die before she returned. “Or, if you feel you’re able to wait, Ellis will be back soon,” she added in a rush. “He has offered to take us away in his wagon. I will meet him at the back door when he comes, and I will tell him directly that—”
“Emily, who are you talking about? Who is Ellis?”
“Ellis Clarke. He is the man who has been paid to bring you food every month. He was there at the inn today, meeting with Cora and Arthur. Evidently, he’d been under the assumption he was helping you hide for your own good, quite as though he was keeping you safe.”
“He knows who I am?”
“No. And I still haven’t told him. But he…well, he has seen you. Several times, in fact.”
Jasper blinked. “I’d wondered if he might have.”
“…Have you seen him too?”
His nod was vague. “Every month,” he admitted. “I used to watch him approach in his wagon, distribute his delivery by the door every first Thursday. And then I watched again as he distanced himself from the mansion and waited.” He paused. “I was told he wouldn’t be able to see much of me as I brought things inside. But I knew there were times he had to have caught glimpses; the moon was just too bright.”
Emily sniffed, feeling overcome with so much emotion; it made it difficult to think straight. “Ellis used to put more in the shipments than what the Prices purchased; he always empathized with you, Jasper. He’s quite mortified now in learning how deceived he’s been. He says he wants to meet you; he wants to look into your eyes himself and apologize.”
“…He need not feel too terribly; he’s not exactly alone in all this deception.”
“I told him that.” Emily kissed Jasper’s brow. “Oh, my love. Let us help you. You say you aren’t fated to leave this house alive, but to me, it is abundantly clear that you are. Can’t you see how destiny has aligned? It has made a path for us, a way for me to find the truth and come back to you, a way for you to leave this house for good!”
“Don’t talk about this anymore. I can’t stand how close I am to having it all—and yet losing it in the same breath…”
She shook her head at him. “No, Jasper. I will not stop. I need you to listen to me now. You once told me that you would die for me, that you would place yourself in danger before it could ever touch me. You have proven that. Now you must do something else: you must live for me. Take this chance we have been given; take your very soul into your own hands and keep it where it is. Live, Jasper! Fight as hard as you can, and do not give up! I alone cannot make you; you must do it yourself. You must believe. Hope will help keep you alive!”
“What a dreamer you are,” he said, wistful, and his hand drifted up the side of her face and into her hair, to the butterfly hair comb he’d placed there earlier that same day.
“Won’t you try to be one too?” she begged. “Please, say you will! Clara and I love you so much. She begged me to go back to you, you know. She wants you to raise her as any real and loving father would. She wants us to be a family. Tell me at once that you believe we can give her that! Tell me you love us and will fight to stay with us.”
His thumb traced the arch of her cheekbone, then down over her lower lip. “You weave your magic over me…and as usual, I cannot resist you,” he said hoarsely. “So yes, Emily. I will try—for you and Clara. I will do everything I can to hold on to my life so I can live what’s left of it at your side, no matter what.”
“Thank you,” she wept, kissing him fast, again and again. “Oh, Jasper! I am so glad I came back!”
“Me too,” he said, smiling as she rained affection over him. “I thought I would die alone.”
She flashed him a serious look.
“But I won’t die, will I?” he asked her.
“No, you won’t.”
“I’m going to fight and live…and I’m going to see the world outside of this godforsaken mansion.”
“Oh, but it isn’t forsaken by God,” she told him. “You’ve been surrounded by angels all along, haven’t you?”
He looked up at the glass ceiling, contemplating her words. Then he murmured, “Perhaps you’re right.”
She smiled weakly.
“Emily,” he said after a moment, his voice lifting, “how long did you say we have to wait until Ellis Clarke gets here?”
“Midnight. It’s maybe seven o’ clock now.”
“Five hours away…”
“We don’t have to wait; I could go and fetch help before that, Jasper. It’s just that I am afraid to leave you like this…” She studied him, curious at the way his expression moved with his thoughts. “What are you thinking?”
“Mostly that you are not leaving my side again,” he said at last. “I will not let you. However, there is someone else who can go in your stead…”
She sat up, alert. “Who?”
He took ahold of her arm. “Emily, I need you to go downstairs to the basement. Steer clear of the pantry; it is the third door in the kitchen corridor, and the dogs are being held in there. The last door in the back is the larder. In there, you will find Warren and Claude—only, one of them wasn’t ever truly an ally of Clinton’s.”
“…Claude?” she hoped.
“Yes. Go get him. Bring him here. We’re going to tell him the truth, and then we’re going to send him to Millwood to fetch Ellis back faster.”
“Are you sure he can be trusted with such a mission?”
“I want to say he can be, yes. It is worth a shot.”
She stared at him. Then, setting her jaw, she took his hand and placed it firmly against his wound.
“Keep the pressure there,” she told him over his small cry of pain. “I’m going to get Claude.” She snatched up the pistol again. “And I’ll bring this—just in case.”
“God, please be careful, Emily.”
“I will.”
“Warren is tied up, at least—or he should be.”
Emily felt the sticky pull of the blood on her gown as she got up from the floor. It sickened her a little. But more than anything, it reminded her how dire Jasper’s situation was. She needed to make haste.
Turning, she was about to flee from the entry hall. But the sight of Clinton laying so near to Jasper stopped her. She took a few steps toward him, her eyes fixated on his deadpan expression and lifeless form. Even though her heart told her he was dead, she felt doubt creep over her anyway. He had been her tormentor for so long, and it was difficult to trust that he was actually gone. Stiff, she nudged him with her booted toe.
“He’s dead, Emily,” Jasper assured her.
“I…I just wanted to make sure. I don’t want to leave you alone with him if he’s just going to rise like the living dead while I am gone. It would be so very like him to do such a thing…”
“I swear he is gone, angel. He’s not ever coming back again. Now, go. We are losing time…as usual.”
She gave him a little nod and then rushed from the room. When she made it down to the basement serving area, she moved swiftly through the dark. Fortunately, there were some windows situated near the ceiling, which was just above ground level, that let in the moonlight.
She was able to see that she was in the main corridor of the basement. There, to her left, was the first door, the scullery. Beside it was the kitchen. She went to her right, past the third door, which, if she’d understood correctly, was the pantry. She could hear a bit of sniffing, but mostly, the dogs were very quiet. She headed farther down, to the fourth door, the larder, and stood outside it.
“Claude,” she said.
She could hear him, or someone, move in response.
“Claude, it is me. Emily. Are you there?”
“…Claude, you blithering idiot, wake up!”
Warren. Was he tied up as Jasper hoped? She needed to know for sure before she opened the door…
“Warren?” Claude asked in a drowsy voice. “What is it?”
“There is a woman beyond the door.”
“A woman?!” Claude cried.
“She says she is Emily.”
“Mrs. Mathers!”
Emily tapped on the door with the barrel of the gun. “It is me, Claude. I need you to come out. Is Warren tied up?”
“Don’t answer her,” Warren hissed. “Don’t you dare—”
“He is,” Claude said, approaching the door.
Emily took a deep breath and, tossing up a prayer, opened the door. Inside the room, it was dark as night. She backed up, into a fragile moonbeam, and waited for Claude to emerge. He did, trembling like a leaf and as pale as a sheet.
“Close the door behind you,” she told him, holding the gun out.
“Claude, don’t you dare!” Warren cried out again. “You cannot leave me in here! Damn you, don’t trust her! Look at her! She has a gun trained on you! Mr. Mathers will have your head if she doesn’t take it first!”
Claude looked back into the dark room. “Will you shut up already?” he snapped, and he closed the door on him. His wide, frightened eyes found hers again. “Are you all right, Mrs. Mathers? You…um…look like you’re hurt…”
Emily looked down at herself, at the crimson bloodstains on the white undersleeves of her dress. Then she looked at the gun in her hands. How he’d managed to think she was hurt and hadn’t just committed murder, she wasn’t sure. Nevertheless, it lent some credence to his character; he was less worried for himself than he was for her.
“I am not hurt, Claude,” she said, lowering the gun a fraction. “But I know someone else who is. Come with me. He needs to talk to you.”
“Is it Mr. Mathers?”
“No, he is dead,” she informed him brusquely. “None of us have to worry about him anymore. It is actually someone else who waits for you.”
“…The man with the scarred face?”
“Yes, Claude. He needs your help.”
He stared at her another moment.
“Please, Claude! I’m begging you…”
At last, he sighed. “All right. Tell me where to go.”
“The entry hall. Quick now—I am just behind you.”
Claude dashed up the stairs and through the east hall, Emily racing after him. When they entered the entry hall, he stopped. But Emily kept going, eager to be returned to Jasper’s side.
Once there, she saw that his eyes were closed again. The sight sent a bolt of fear through her. But as soon as her skirts brushed against him, his lashes fluttered; his gaze found hers.
“Hanging on?” she whispered, relief unwinding inside her.
“With everything I have in me,” he replied. “Where is Claude?”
Emily looked over at the entrance to the east hall where Claude hovered in shock. “There.”
“Claude,” Jasper said, “thank you for your help earlier. You have been a most unexpected yet appreciated ally.”
“Thank you…” Claude croaked.
“I need your help again.”
Claude wiped one hand along the side of his face. His expression was stunned as he gazed first at Clinton’s lifeless body, then at Jasper’s own bleeding form. “Help? How?”
“Do you know the way to Millwood?”
Claude gave a wobbly nod.
“Go there. Find a man named Ellis Clarke, and bring him back to us.”
“Who?”
Emily came forward a step. “Ellis Clarke,” she said. “He owns the general store in the market square.”
Claude’s attention swiveled up to her face. Evidence of concern worked the creases of his heavy brow.
Her heart softened toward him further. “Try to be as discreet as you can while you’re in town,” she told him. “We don’t need all of Dunhaven Moor coming down upon us yet. Just locate Ellis, and tell him simply that Mrs. Wright needs his help. Tell him someone’s life hangs in the balance and that he needs to hurry; we cannot wait until midnight.”
“Please,” Jasper added quietly.
Claude puffed up his chest a little. “All right. I’ll go as fast as I can!”
Jasper sighed. “Thank you. Emily, here; take this.”
Emily looked down to see Jasper was holding up a large iron key.
“Unlock the door for him.”
A bit dazed, she reached out and took the heavy key into her hand. Then, holding it close, she ran through the room, into the vestibule. Claude followed her. She ground the key into the lock and twisted hard.
The door swung open, into the night.
And the night, in turn, swept in.
She looked over at Claude. “Hurry.”
“I will, Mrs. Mathers.”
“Emily,” she corrected.
He bowed his head to her. “Emily.” Then, shooting one more look over his shoulder at Jasper and Clinton, he turned and fled from the mansion.
Emily gazed after him in silence. Outside, the stars shimmered over the moors, highlighting the pale, celestial statues in the courtyard. She backed away, leaving the door open. Then she returned to Jasper.
“Do you think he’ll actually do as we asked?” she wondered as she reached him.
“I am going to choose to believe that he will, yes.”
Emily smiled down at him. “I will do the same, then.”
His mouth quirked at the corners in a faint, answering smile. “Come here, angel. I miss feeling you next to me.”
She turned, set aside the key, and began removing several more petticoats from her carpetbag. She spread them out beside Jasper, needing some sort of barrier between herself and the bloodstained floor. Then she settled herself against him, into the crook of his arm. Her hand came up and joined his at his wound, adding additional pressure.
When he sucked in a small gasp, she tilted her face to look at him. He turned his face toward her as well, and they gazed at each other for a long time, adorned in moonlight, heather-scented wind rustling overhead.
“I love you, Emily,” he eventually professed in a low voice that moved through his chest and into hers. “Thank you for coming back for me.”
“I love you too, Jasper. I will never leave you again.”
She felt his arm tug at her, his grip somewhat feeble. But she knew what he wanted. So she stretched herself up, and their mouths met. It was never meant to be more than that—just a quick reunion, a brush of love and tenderness. But he seemed to find a burst of strength in his passion, and he deepened the kiss almost instantly.
She melted against him, surrendering to his ardency as all of her worries and fears drained out of her. He soothed every ache, healed all that remained broken. He was saving her again. Would he ever truly be done?
It’s my turn now, she wanted to tell him. I am supposed to be saving you!
So she kissed him back, slow and with feeling. He was very much alive and with her, and she was desperate to remind him of that. Because as long as he was alive, as long as they were together, anything was possible. A few moments later, he began struggling to remain still beneath her, and his breathing had become more labored.
“Emily,” he groaned, severing the kiss. “I cannot get my heart racing too fast.” He dropped his head back again. “I will bleed myself dry right here and now…”
“You started it,” she murmured, smiling against his chest as she lay her cheek upon it. “I was only going for a chaste little peck…”
“I don’t think such a thing is possible between us.”
Emily laughed lightly. “Perhaps you’re right. No more kisses for a while, then.”
Jasper’s hand shifted beneath hers, and he threaded their fingers together, over his wound. She listened as he steadied his breathing and slowly, his pulse too. When he grew a little too quiet, she squeezed his fingers.
“Don’t go to sleep, Jasper.”
“…I’m trying.”
“Let’s talk, then. It will help you stay alert.”
“What do you want to talk about?”
She thought about it. “The future.”
“The future.” Jasper’s arm tightened around her again. “All right. Keep me lucid, angel. What does our future entail?”
They then spent what time that remained to them in Valenstone Mansion trading ideas, spinning dreams, and making plans. They agreed they wanted a humble home wherein Clara could grow up, safe and free. Emily insisted that it have a room that faced the sea, one just for Jasper to paint in. Jasper demanded that it have a bedroom big enough to hold all of the new dresses he would buy her, ones in every style and color. They wanted space to run and laugh and play. They wanted to get married…
It was a long and dreamy conversation. One that Emily felt quite confident they could build their lives on, forevermore. She had to believe it was possible, just as he did. Quite honestly, it’d become the only way for them to live at all anymore…
Chapter 34

Life and Death


It took roughly an hour for help to arrive to Valenstone Mansion. By the time it did, Jasper was beginning to fade in and out of consciousness, and the direness of the situation had grown exponentially.
Emily dashed to the front door when she heard the horse and wagon pull up along the front drive. She stood in the doorway, waving in the open air, beseeching the two men aboard the wagon to hurry toward her.
Claude reached her first. “Is he still alive?” he asked, peering over her shoulder and into the house.
“Presently,” she told him. “Come inside. We must be quick.”
Claude lumbered past her at once.
Ellis approached the front door just afterward. His hazel eyes matched the size and luminosity of his spectacles. “My dear, what happened to you? You have blood all over you…”
“Bodily, I am fine. My heart, however, is in danger of irreparably breaking with every second that passes. Do, please, come inside and help us!”
Emily took him by the arm and hauled him through the doorway. Poor man stumbled into the vestibule, a small sound lifting in his throat.
“Do not fear this place,” she said to him. “Or the man you are about to see—the very man you yourself said you wished to meet. Remember that I told you he is a good man, kind and very gentle. I warn you now, though, his condition is grave. It may shock you to see the state he is in. He is going to die, Ellis, if we do not get him to the local physician.” She took him by both hands and continued to pull at him. “Come this way.”
At last, he stumbled into the shadow-encumbered entry hall on flat, heavy feet. But he didn’t resist her. Instead, he held fast to her hands and looked around the room. “Dear God in heaven,” he rasped when his eyes dropped from the glass dome to the two bloodied forms on the floor—one of which was recognizably Clinton Mathers.
“Mr. Mathers was not the man the world thought him to be,” Emily explained. When Ellis looked at her, she gave him a pinched smile. “I was his wife; I would know.”
“You?! But you said your name was—”
“I lied. Forgive me, Ellis. It was a detail I had to keep from you. I have been hiding from him, escaping years of abuse, and I did not yet know his fate. I couldn’t tell you who I was for fear others would find out and return me to him. But now he is gone, and you know who I am.” She pointed at Jasper. “And it is because of him that I am free at all. There, yes, look at him—your charge for the past six years, Ellis. Can’t you see how desperate he is? I need you to help me pick him up and bring him to the wagon…”
Jasper looked up at him with half-lidded eyes. Ellis gaped down at him in return, agog. Claude, meanwhile, had become crouched and was now edging up to Jasper’s side. When Jasper reached one hand out for his, Claude hesitated only for a moment before taking it.
Emily stooped down and collected her things. Then she lowered herself by Jasper as well. “Help us get him out of here now, Ellis—for good. He has lived like this even longer than you know.”
Ellis finally began to creep closer to Jasper, and his spectacles fogged a bit. “I am so sorry,” he said to him. “I thought I was helping you.”
“You were, in a way,” Jasper comforted. “You helped keep me safe until she could find me.” He flicked his gaze at Emily, whose heart warmed at his words.
Ellis bent down, looking him over. “God forgive me, you poor soul. It will take me ages to forgive myself.”
“There is nothing to forgive; we were both betrayed, Ellis.”
Ellis nodded, but his mouth was grim, his eyes full of emotion. “Let’s not waste any more time; we must get you into my wagon.”
Emily shifted herself down along Jasper’s legs, taking ahold of his feet.
“Claude, take his other side,” Ellis directed. “You and I will support his weight under his arms…”
The three of them then worked together to peel Jasper from the floor. Jasper, one arm draped about each man, let his head hang back as he hissed in pain. Emily winced, hating that they were hurting him, but knowing the alternative was worse. So hooking her arms about his legs, she helped Ellis and Claude carry Jasper from the entry hall, into the vestibule, and finally through the front door of Valenstone.
It was not lost upon her the significance of the moment they were in as they hastened along the open drive; Jasper had not been there, most likely, since the day he’d first arrived to the mansion at fifteen years old. Eleven years was a long time to never leave a single location.
Briefly she wondered what he was thinking as they brought him toward the wagon. But then, seeing his head lolling about, she recognized he probably wasn’t thinking much of anything at all. Nothing, perhaps, other than the urgency of the situation.
Blinking, she too retrained her thoughts to the pressing matter at hand and assisted in getting him into the back of the wagon. “Let’s go—now!” she cried as soon as he was settled.
Claude and Ellis climbed onto the box seat. Emily clambered into the wagon bed and lowered herself beside Jasper. The wagon lurched and clattered forward, making Jasper cry out again. She pressed upon his wound with one hand, cradling the back of his head with the other.
“There now, hold on. We’re getting you out of here.”
He looked up at her as she hovered over him, his eyelids heavy. “Look at you,” he said to her softly. “All those stars behind you. You’re so beautiful.”
She smiled down at him, misty-eyed. “Leave it to you to compliment me at such a time.” She kissed his brow. “I love you.”
“I love you too…”
She looked up at Ellis and Claude, who’d turned in the box seat to stare at them. Their faces showed a wide range of emotions—bewilderment, wonder, and pity being the primary ones. But neither of them said a word, and slowly, they faced the front again.
Emily sat up. The horse was hurrying them all across the moorland’s hilly terrain at a speed that made the wagon jostle. She looked back, the wind in her hair. Valenstone was sinking into the dale behind them. The sight of its magnificent gables and gleaming glass pulled at her heart—for she knew now she was leaving without any intention of returning. Though, who really knew what the future held? All of Jasper’s things were still there. His artwork, his memories.
Clinton, too…
Someone would surely be back. Law enforcement, no doubt. But she couldn’t say it would ever be her who returned again—or Jasper. Why would they? The house had served its purpose: a prison, a home, and eventually, a place where dreams were built.
They had no need of it anymore.
Emily gazed a little while longer, silently bidding farewell to the shrinking sight of the courtyard angels. Then she returned her eyes to Jasper, who had yet to cease regarding her with candid affection.
“I feel free already,” he whispered. “The world is taking me in as I never thought it would.”
“And there’s so much to see of it—together. Let’s get you well, shall we?”
He nodded, and his hand lifted to cup her head similarly as she held his. He pulled at her, bringing their mouths together again. For a man nearly drained of blood, his kiss was still strong and full of feeling. But remembering his request to go easy on his heart, she made it a point not to become too impassioned. She pulled back, grinning when he glared at her.
“I am merely obeying orders,” she murmured.
His index finger traced over her right cheekbone. “Later,” he promised.
“Later.”
Emily lay down with him then, as she had in the entry hall. And together, they looked up at the swirling night sky, their bodies swaying with the rhythm of the wagon as they raced toward freedom.



Jasper had been here before—in the endless abyss, a limbo placed between life and death. He recognized it, sensed the precariousness of how close he was to each plane. In one direction, there was blinding agony. In the other, there was soft and blanketing peace.
Naturally, Jasper was tempted by the peace. He’d known so little of it in his life. Why would he ever choose suffering over blessed, assured calm?
The first time, when he’d fought his way back to the pain, it’d been because Jonathan had been there, urging him above the black pit of death.
'Do not die,' he’d said down to Jasper, commanding him. 'Don’t you dare. You have more to live for—I feel it! This world is not done with you, Jasper Duvane. Fight!'
And he’d had Caroline, who had tended to his fierce wounds, whispering against his ear, 'Dearest boy, don’t leave me. It is my mission in life to protect you, to love you…Do not die; you will kill me as well, if you do…'
But Jonathan was gone, and Caroline was dead herself now.
What reason did he have to fight anymore? Who would ever miss him if he were to release his grip on the pain and slip into the oblivion beyond?
“Jasper,” a familiar voice called for him. “Jasper, can you hear me?”
Confusion entered the dark with him. He knew that voice. It was the voice of an angel. One who’d haunted him, it felt like, for an eternity…
“Jasper, I am here with you now. I am just beside you.”
A beacon of light was tossed into the dark, and he turned toward it, wishing to be closer to it and the voice within. But the angel wasn’t coming from the ethers, tempting him into the all-consuming peace; she was set against the pain. He could feel her touching him, rousing him, pulling him into himself again.
“Please, wake up and look at me…I love you.”
Love.
Love!
A raging invasion of memories burst inside him like the dawn. And he saw her again, his real and living angel, like a spot of sunshine against his soul. She was running with him through the tunnels of Valenstone Mansion. Smiling at him over a deck of cards in the library. Dancing with him in the ballroom.
“Emily?” he called, weak and hoarse.
He felt her take ahold of his hand—sweet and fierce. The physical contact was like a literal lifeline. And into the pain he pushed himself, clinging to her, needing to be wherever she was. Even if it was amidst nothing but utter agony.
His lashes lifted; unforgiving sunlight filled his eyes and pierced his brain. “God, it is too bright,” he whispered, shutting his eyes again.
Her hand left his, and he felt himself scowl, reaching for her still. The sound of drapery being shut entered the silence; then came her feet and skirts against the floor as she returned to him. When her fingers clutched at his again, he lifted her hand up and pressed it to the side of his face. Soft, warm skin that smelled of flowers was the closest to heaven he needed to be right then—it was undoubtedly better than the real thing, as far as he was concerned.
“Jasper, my love, you are awake,” she said, her breath fluttering against his brow as she brushed kisses over him.
She made a tearful sound that brought his eyes open again. It was darker now, better than before. Her image was a little blurry, but she was there. She was hovering over him, as real and alive as he was. She was right there with him!
“Emily,” he said again, his other hand reaching up to hold her face. But emotion clogged his throat, and he found he could no longer speak. So he pulled at her and kissed her swiftly. She wept against him, kissing him back with so much love he felt thoroughly consumed by it.
“Oh, you are back with me again,” she cried. “I was so worried! Thank God!”
“…Thank yourself,” he managed at last. “It was you alone who saved me. I was caught in the in-between again—a deep place I’d never thought to return to for many years to come. I think, if I’d really wanted to, I could have died a short while ago.”
“Gracious, don’t tell me that!”
“No, you should know. It speaks volumes to the power you have over me. I would only choose the pain I am in right now if it meant I could be with you. I came back for you. You are my reason to be here at all…” His gaze shifted from her then, moving about the strange space behind her. “And where am I, exactly?”
“The local physician’s office.”
“…How long have I been here?”
“Hours, Jasper.”
“What?” He looked at her again. “I lost hours?”
She stroked his cheek. “Yes. You fainted twice on the way to Millwood. You were unconscious when we got here, and the physician took you in right away. He operated on you, removed the bullet. I have been sick with fear for you every moment.”
Jasper eased one of his hands low, placing it against his abdomen. Beneath a thin, woolen blanket, he was shirtless, his wound dressed in gauze. He held her gaze, needing answers. “Tell me—how bad is it?”
She wiped at her eyes, clearing them of tears. “My love, someone up there adores you as much as I do. The bullet took a straight and narrow path, avoiding all vital organs. A hair of a difference one way or the other, though, and you would have been in even greater peril than you are now.”
“So I got a small spot of luck, then?”
“Small spot of luck?” she echoed. “Jasper, that’s a miracle.”
A faint smile tinged the corner of his mouth. “Does the physician think I’ll survive? May I speak to him?”
“He is resting upstairs, at present; he worked all night to save your life. I told him I would keep watch over you.”
He kissed her cheek. “I would expect nothing less.”
She nuzzled him. “But Jasper…there are other people here who do need to speak to you. Most pressingly. And I should warn you now, they’re rather intent on doing it as soon as you’re able.”
“Who?” he demanded, looking at her. “Who are they?”
“The local constables.” Emily bit her lip. “I’ve already spoken to them. I’ve…I’ve told them everything I know.”
“You did?” he breathed.
She nodded.
He needed a moment to let that sink in. So they knew everything—that was a lot. His mind worked quickly, beginning to pound again. “Clinton,” he murmured. “They know about him too…”
“Yes. While you slept, they went to Whitmore. They interviewed and examined everyone there. His character is slowly coming to light, at last.”
“And Valenstone?”
“They’ve been there too,” she whispered. “They found Warren, the dogs…Clinton.”
Jasper’s head sank deeper into the pillow behind his head. He stared up at the ceiling—one that was low, smooth, and completely different from the ones he was used to seeing. “Clinton. I must answer for his death.” He sighed, weary already. “So be it.”
“…You are ready to speak to them now? They are waiting in the front room.”
Jasper nodded, not looking at her. She left him then, heading for the door. And he found himself for the first time, in a very long time, begin to pray. It was something he used to do as a little boy, with Caroline and Jonathan, just before bed. Yet as he’d grown, the feeling of being forsaken by any sort of higher power was altogether too strong. He’d accepted his life for what it was, hoping he would get salvation in the hereafter—maybe.
But right then, he tried his hand at prayer again. He needed whatever help he could get if he was going to overcome all that was coming for him now. And it was so much more than his own physical survival that he was worried about.
He needed to survive the oncoming interrogation, the doubts, and the investigation. Because as far as the world knew, he’d never even existed at all. He was not the Jasper Duvane they were familiar with; he was a ghost.
But even still, he was going to stand in the truth and claim it—because he did exist. He always had. And yes, he’d killed Clinton Mathers. But he’d done it to protect Emily and Clara.
He just hoped there was enough evidence to support his claims. Or else, if he did survive his injury, it would only be to live within a new prison. One with iron bars and ensconcing chains…
Jasper shut his eyes, pushing his will outward. Please, God, help me now. I got this far; I am still here—and I can’t lose her again.
The door to his sickroom opened, and Emily slipped through it. He could hear her, over his hammering heart, as she spoke to whoever waited in the room beyond.
“He is awake now,” she said. “And he is ready to speak with you.”
Jasper listened as three pairs of boots came stomping imperiously into the room. They stopped together almost as soon as they came upon him. With one last prayer leaving his heart, he opened his eyes again.
Standing at the foot of his bed were three tall men. Each of them wore dark coats with shiny buttons and fabric-laid helmets. And their expressions were also the same: solemn and severe, yet stricken pale at the sight of him.
Emily skirted around all of them, coming to stand at Jasper’s side. She smiled down at him reassuringly, bravery in her gaze. Then she took his hand into her own and held on tight.
“Go on, then,” she said to the men. “Examine him at will—but I should like to remain at his side, if I may. He is not well, and I am in charge of aiding his recovery while the good doctor sleeps.”
“…Of course, madam,” one of them muttered, a little distracted.
Jasper gazed up at her gratefully. And adopting as much of her confidence as he could, he retrained his attention on the men before him. He met each set of eyes, one by one.
“I am as much at your mercy, gentlemen, as I am at hers. Ask me whatever you like.”



Emily was in such awe of the man at her side.
Jasper, once so alone and defeated, was now fighting for his existence in every way he could. Never mind that he was probably afraid—and for good reason, too; he was still placed dangerously between life and death, regardless of how miraculous the bullet’s path had been. But despite the pain he was in, despite the trepidation that came with being so exposed, he was determined to live a full and honest life. It was breathtaking.
As was the tragedy that was his life before she’d known him.
Listening to him unveil the details again was astounding. He’d simply been through so much. She could only imagine what the constables were thinking. Granted, they’d spoken to her already and knew much of what Jasper was telling them. But there was something quite different about hearing the story from the man who’d lived through the heartbreak himself.
It was humbling. Disorienting. And even though she knew all of it to be true, it was also somewhat unbelievable.
How could one man have actually endured such astounding atrocities? He’d been given up by his mother, unwittingly returned to his father, had his identity stolen, and was left riddled with scars. He’d been shut away in an attic, then again in Valenstone Mansion’s interring walls. And just when his enemies were gone, new ones arrived, ruthless and determined to keep him where he was.
A human being could only take so much.
Yet, through it all, his gentle nature had remained intact; he was softened, even, instead of hardened by all the cruelty he’d endured. And now that he knew love, unrelenting and enduring love, he was a vibrant force of power beside her. Even in his weakened state, he was stronger than she’d ever seen him. Her love had helped with that; it’d brought him into his full and true self. Just as his love had done the same for her.
They’d healed and restored each other.
God willing, it was enough to set them free!
Radiating with feeling, Emily remained at Jasper’s side as he faced question after question. Finally, once every truth about his childhood was produced, Jasper offered to draw a map of Valenstone to aid their investigation.
Immediately, Emily rushed off to find him paper and pencil. She returned in a flash, handing over the supplies, along with a tray for him to use as a flat surface. Then she sat on the bed beside him. And with the constables hovering nearby as well, they all watched his scarred hand expertly draw a map of the mansion’s entire layout. Every secret door and tunnel was revealed, right down to his lonely apartment in the ground.
Emily was haunted by the image he created. It reminded her that, while the house had become a place of whimsy and wonder to her, its real purpose was only ever to be a beautiful cage. It’d been Jasper who’d given the mansion its magic. Not the opulence or the tunnels or even the abounding angels.
Just Jasper. His soul had given life to a place meant to hold him in death.
Emily shivered as he handed the drawing over to the constables. But they weren’t done with him yet. When next, Clinton’s name came up, Jasper reached for her again. She accepted his hand, and he then responded without flinching. Very plainly, he confessed to killing her husband. He told them how he did it and why, explaining all the things he knew about him:
The abuse of Emily and Clara; the overheard conversations between him and his servant men; his wicked plans for the Frenchwoman and child; his vicious destruction of the mansion; his attempt to murder Jasper in his own home…
These were reasons, to Jasper, to kill Clinton Mathers. And additionally, he had no regrets; he would do it all again to save everyone. Even if it meant he himself died from his wounds or was locked away for murder.
Emily gripped his hand hard. Tremendous, noble man! His sacrificial nature was overpowering; it made her lower herself to his chest and weep openly. She didn’t care who looked on. He was so precious to her, and the thought of losing him in any fashion at all made her ill!
With the questioning now finally drawn to a close, Jasper held Emily close against him. And he was then informed he would be detained where he was, where he could be medically supervised as the investigation into his claims continued.
The constables took their leave, one remaining to keep watch over him from the front room. Emily was permitted to stay as his nursemaid; they wanted to keep an eye on her too, anyway.
At last, there was nothing left to do, but wait.
“Hush now,” Jasper crooned into her hair as she wept on. “It’s over. We’ve done all we can.”
“I know—that’s partly why I am crying. I feel so helpless now. So drained. Jasper—I can’t lose you. Not to the mansion, not to death, and most certainly not to some prison cell!” Emily sat up, wiping her hands over his scarred chest to clear it of her tears. “My love, I am scared,” she quaked, looked into his burning eyes. “So very scared.”
She could tell he wanted to comfort her, to offer her words of reassurance. But he didn’t. Instead, he spoke just as vulnerably as he lay before her in that bed. “So am I, angel,” he whispered, thumbing her cheek.
Her shoulders shook as a sob pushed its way from her body. She clasped his hand to her face. “Since I met you, all I’ve done is wait for things to end. I don’t know how to do that anymore. I’ve suddenly lost all patience! I want to be with you; I want to move away and start our lives right now!”
“Then do as you told me to do.”
“…What do you mean?”
He gave her a small, half-tilted smile. “Believe.”
Emily huffed a breath. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled gently, urging her to lay with him. The bed was small, but they managed well enough. After a few readjustments, she was nestled close at his side. Her skirts surrounded them both, still stained with his blood. She couldn’t look, and so she turned her face to his. He was already watching her.
“So,” he whispered, “what do you think?”
She studied him intently. “I think I am so in love with you I might die if something happens to you.”
He pressed his lips to her brow, then her cheek. “I meant about believing, Emily,” he clarified. “Don’t lose hope now—not when we’re so close to having everything we want.”
“I’m not losing hope,” she said, her hand sliding up his chest again. She traced a few of his scars. “I am just afraid right now. More afraid than I’ve ever been.”
“Well, if there’s anything you have taught me, it’s how to lean into fear. Take the misery with the happiness, right?”
She sighed again, her fingers working their way up to thread themselves into his long hair. “Right,” she assented.
“So let’s just pretend a little while longer together—while we can. Pretend we are already far away from here. We’re in our new home by the sea.” He kissed her once, lingeringly. “Clara is just in the other room, playing with her doll. Can’t you hear her?”
A tear rolled from the corner of Emily’s eye. “I can.”
“We’re going to get up soon and go for a walk outside, the three of us. Won’t that be nice?”
“It’s beautiful outside,” she whispered. “The sea is wild. I can smell it through the window.”
He nodded. “Stay there. Right there, with me—and kiss me now.”
Emily kissed him hard and fast, sealing the beautiful fantasy they were creating. One wherein they could hide together until their fates were ultimately decided. Because the reality was, they really had done everything possible to secure their future together. There were no more truths to reveal, no more secrets to uncover. It was all out in the open now, moving on without them; they had no control over what happened next.
It was terrifying, of course. But not knowing what lay in store for them was nothing new. At least, right then, they had each other—nestled safely inside a miniature forever.
And heaven knew, they were already well aware of how to live in such a moment as that.
Chapter 35

Forevermore


Two months later…


The chilled December breeze had a sharp bite to it that morning. It whipped over from the sea, pushing across the swaying grass and through the trees; the bare branches overhead rustled and danced.
Emily took a deep, steadying breath. She could taste the cold salt, hear the forceful crush of the waves that slammed against the distant shoreline. Repressing a shiver, she reached out and brushed an old, brittle leaf from the headstone before her.
Beside her, she felt Clara’s small form ease closer. The girl rested her head against Emily’s hip, her hand coming to grip at her skirt. “Mama.”
“Yes, darling?”
“I miss Mr. Duvane.”
“I know,” Emily said softly. “I do too.” She reached out and petted Clara’s chestnut curls away from her face. “And I thought I told you to stop calling him that. He is Jasper. There is no need for you to refer to him as Mr. Duvane anymore.”
“Yes, I know…It’s just that I’d gotten so used to it when we were with him at Valenstone.”
“I understand. But I recall it being his wish for you to use his first name. So please, try. For him.”
“Jasper,” Clara said. “Jasper, Jasper, Jasper.”
Emily sighed, loving the sound of her beloved’s name. She could hear it over and over on anyone’s lips, and it would still manage to make her spirit rise up in response.
Clara took ahold of Emily’s hand. “I don’t like being without him.”
Emily shook her head, and she turned, leading Clara from the graveyard. “I know. I don’t like it either…”
She began easing them into the winter sunlight that ensconced the sprawling parkland. Her gaze shifted beneath the wide brim of her bonnet, moving across the field—and quickly became caught on a lone figure that was standing on the crest of a hill. She went still, studying it, measuring its form against the blue sky. And then her mouth spread with a smile, fast and wide, her cheeks filling with warmth.
“But I believe we will see him again sooner than you think,” she said, barely containing her joy. “Clara, look…”
Clara’s attention moved across the parkland. “Oh!” she cried, releasing Emily’s hand at once so that she could run ahead. “Mr. Duvane! Mr. Duvane!”
Emily laughed. To see Clara running through the field, her pink silk dress, white coat, and white bow fluttering behind her, was a heart-warming sight—as was the solitary man toward whom she was rushing. His tall, lean figure was one Emily knew well. And though he leaned heavily on a walking cane, his strength not permitting him to walk without it, he looked well indeed.
Jasper, she thought, my love, you are out of bed at last. Mischievous man! You told me you felt too unwell to try for a walk today!
Picking up the white skirts of her embroidered silk gown, Emily hurried after Clara, her eyes never wavering from Jasper as she approached. He was dressed in the new clothes she’d had made for him, consisting of pale grey trousers, a blue brocade waistcoat, a white shirt and necktie, and a black frockcoat. His long hair was tied back at the nape of his neck, though a few strands fluttered free in the wind.
When Clara reached him, she wrapped him up in a frantic hug that was still cautiously considerate of his nearly healed wound. “You said you weren’t going to come out today, Mr. Duvane,” Clara accused.
“I had a change of heart,” he told her, his deep voice moving along the chilled sea breeze and carrying over to Emily. “And please, I asked you to call me Jasper now.”
“I know. Mama just reminded me again. I will keep trying. I will get used to it, Jasper. I promise.”
He nodded, his gaze lifting to Emily as she walked toward him. His eyes squinted a little in the brightness of the sun. “Good morning,” he said, smiling.
She scanned him over with open appreciation. “Good morning, yourself,” she said. “I overheard you say you had a change of heart, but something tells me you had this planned all along. Not finished surprising us even yet, are you, Jasper Duvane?”
He shrugged, his smile lengthening. And as Clara stepped to the side, Emily moved in for her turn to hold him. He leaned on his cane, his free arm wrapping about her so he could embrace her back.
“How was your visit with your parents today?” he wondered, looking down at her adoringly.
“Good. I like living so near to where they are buried. It brings me a sense of peace, knowing I can visit with them whenever I wish.”
“It was a good idea to move to Hartport Green, then, instead of Westbeck.”
“A very good idea.”
“My idea!” Clara proclaimed.
Jasper smirked down at her. “And you are certainly in no short supply of those; isn’t that right, Clara? Moving to Hartport Green, rescuing me from danger—we are all indebted to you, it seems.”
She smiled, her doll cradled against her. “Conceivably so, yes! I’d certainly say that you are!”
Emily and Jasper both laughed. Then once again, their eyes wandered back to each other’s.
“You look well today,” Emily told him, her index finger soothing his cheek. “I am glad to see you up and about. I have been eager to spend time with you outside, just like this.”
“So have I. But I was saving my strength for today.”
“You might have regained that strength faster had you done what the doctor said and moved around when you could.”
“The doctor can say whatever he likes.” He dropped his lips to her ear, just beside her bonnet. “He wasn’t the one shot in the stomach…”
She trembled at the intimate nearness of his voice. “Well, I am glad you finally listened anyway. You have been quite obstinate—”
Just then, a distant voice called out. One that was, to Emily, familiar and yet displaced. She looked around, and to her great shock, saw that Bess was strolling toward them, one arm waving.
“Bess?” Emily murmured.
“What?!” Clara gasped, whirling around. When she saw her former nanny, she dashed across the field as quick as her little legs could carry her. “Nanny Bess! What are you doing here?!”
Garbed in a pretty, albeit simple blue dress, Bess stooped in time to catch Clara in a twirling embrace. She gave another wave at Emily, who, grinning in wonderment, finally waved back.
“What in the world…?” Emily breathed. “She traveled all the way from the moors to come out here! That’s clear across the country! I had no idea…”
“I did.”
Emily gaped up at him. “You?”
Mischief glinted in his eyes, and he gave another shrug.
“Oh, of course you did!” she said, laughing in astonishment. “You’re always up to something!”
“It would seem so,” he said.
He angled his face, capturing her mouth in a sudden kiss. Emily’s world wavered. He’d never kissed her in the open air like this before. Never beneath the sun, surrounded by grass and trees and a steadily crashing sea. The realization made her emotional, and she leaned into him a little desperately. His hand slid up her back, finding the nape of her neck.
“I love you,” he said.
Her smile was dreamy as she replied, “And I love you too.”
Jasper released her then, turning toward the jutting cliffside. He offered her his elbow, switching his walking cane to the other hand. “Let’s leave Clara and Bess to enjoy their reunion in peace, shall we?” he said. “Walk with me.”
Emily looked back and smiled. “All right.” She took his arm without leaning too heavily upon it. Then they began wandering away, through the beautiful parkland that surrounded them.
“How does it feel to be outside like this?” she asked him after some time had passed.
Jasper looked around, his brows pulling in. “Honestly? A little strange.” He thumped his cane against the ground, testing its solidity. “There is earth beneath my feet. Actual grass and soil and not hardwood floors and stone. It is quite uneven…”
She kissed his shoulder. “You have the look of a child,” she said. “Everything is so new to you again.”
“Some things are new to me entirely. Like that…”
Jasper looked ahead as they reached the cliffside. Far beyond it, the vast, cloudless blue sky stretched out like a brilliant canvas, dipping into a glittering sea. His breath caught, and he came to a stop.
Emily watched him take in the view. She knew he’d glimpsed it from his window several times already. But he hadn’t been able to see it like this. Not with nothing between him and the rest of the world but air and sunshine.
“Tell me what you’re thinking,” she whispered.
“I’m thinking I’ve never seen anything like it at all,” he answered somewhat throatily. “No drawing or painting has ever done it justice.”
“I’m sure you will do it justice one day. Now that you’ve seen how beautiful it is, I’ve little doubt what your next project will be.”
“A daunting one, indeed…”
“Don’t be intimidated; you are extremely talented.”
“We shall see,” he said. “There is some hope in it; I’ve been faced with an even truer, more humbling force of beauty before and managed well enough.” He looked down at her, his dark eyes shining. “You.”
She blushed under his praise. “Oh, Jasper,” she sighed, smiling.
“I mean it. You have always been the most beautiful thing I will ever look at. And that you could learn to love a man like me shows you’re even lovelier on the inside.”
“A man like you? Don’t talk about yourself like that; you know I hate it.”
He studied her. “Now that I’m better, I will be joining you on your walks more often,” he said. “Soon, people will start to notice me.”
“Let them.”
“You won’t mind the stares? The whispers?”
“No.” She took his chin in her hand, searching his gaze. “Will you?”
“No,” he confessed. “Not so much anymore. I will have you with me.”
“Yes, you most certainly will. I will never leave your side.”
“You have more than proven that,” he said, leaning down to claim her with another kiss.
Emily kissed him back with open ardency, there before God and the sea. And when she turned her face to rest her head upon his shoulder, her mind traced back over everything they’d been through together.
Particularly during those final moments, just before the doors to freedom were opened at last…
Equipped with a map drawn by Jasper’s own hand, law enforcement’s investigation of Valenstone Mansion had deepened and spread with swift rapidity. Through the secret door in the library, they’d invaded the tunnel system beyond the walls—where Jasper’s hidden world was then revealed in its entirety.
In his apartment, they’d found his painting supplies, his drawings, the signed portrait of Emily and Clara—all proof that he was, if nothing else, the man behind the art. Under his bed was the box of letters he’d kept, the ones threatening him into submission. And when the food and other provisions at the mansion were traced back to E.C. General Store, Ellis confirmed the details of the plot to keep Jasper hidden.
An immediate reward was posted for information leading to the location, arrest, and detainment of Arthur and Cora Price—who, having caught wind of the astonishing find at Valenstone Mansion, had hurriedly slipped into hiding. Their daughter, however, Margaret Ashdown, was subsequently made aware of the details surrounding her parents’ cruel misconduct—as well as their motives—and had since chosen to process the information in private.
A decision that Jasper not only respected, but understood.
She’d tried to give him a good life—it was undoubtedly a vicious shock to discover her own parents had conspired to see that it would never happen.
Ultimately, the turret room had been the last room investigated at Valenstone Mansion. And from it, pictures of the Hughes family and the man since known as Jasper Duvane were unearthed—as well as one other thing.
Something Jasper and Emily hadn’t even known existed.
Hidden underneath the red velvet cushions on the sofa, where it’d been tucked all along, was a discreet little diary. Caroline’s diary. Apparently, without anyone knowing at all, she’d filled it with unforgiving and incriminating information about Victor and Xavier. Not to mention, everything that’d ever been done to Jasper Duvane and the abandoned baby she’d named Jonathan St. Claire.
The diary had been a magnificent and stunning find.
And it might very well have been what’d saved Jasper, in the end—at least when it came to the truth of his identity and the suffering he’d endured at the hands of the Hughes men.
Thus, Caroline Hughes had quite definitively saved her little foundling three times. Twice while she was alive, and then one last time in death.
As for Clinton, his reputation as a respectable member of the landed gentry had unraveled quickly. For, as claims from those who’d lived at Whitmore came forward, his true nature was finally revealed. Emily and Clara’s accusations were, of course, quite gruesome. But Bess’ tale had been a harrowing one, as well.
Claude, a most unexpected hero throughout it all, revealed every detail of what’d transpired at Clinton’s side. And though he himself had been an accessory to much of it, it’d been as an unwitting one; he’d been tricked, manipulated, and then threatened into submission. But for him, his efforts to rescue Jasper Duvane had been his true redemption; for they proved he was never really on the side of criminality at all, but of righteousness.
Warren, however, having been a more willing accomplice, had not been dismissed of responsibility. Moreover, he was also charged on several new counts connecting him and Clinton Mathers to a handful of missing women across Dunhaven Moor…
Eventually, after a good bit of searching, the Frenchwoman and her daughter had also been located. Names revealed to be Francesca and Élise Dubois, their accusing statements had hammered home the very last nail in Clinton’s coffin—literally and figuratively sealing him into the ground as the corrupt man that he actually was.
And so it was then that, within one long, exhaustive week, Jasper had not only reclaimed his own identity, but he was also released from suspicion of murder. The evidence was stacked behind him: beyond the tales of the people who’d known Clinton, the mansion itself was filled with truths in every darkened corner.
It told its own story.
In the end, Clinton was held responsible for his own death; he’d willfully broken into Valenstone, destroyed it, plotted the deaths of innocent people; and therefore, Jasper had done nothing more than defend his property, his life, and the lives of others.
Emily and Jasper had immediately been spun up in the joy at being released from the secrets that’d imprisoned them both. It’d almost been too much to comprehend. Wild kisses and desperate embraces filled nearly every moment, and when Clara joined them, they’d felt the solid beauty of their forever finally taking hold.
Everything that’d followed was dizzying, overwhelming, and Emily became immeasurably eager to set herself to the wind and begin her new life. So they’d begun making preparations to leave Dunhaven Moor at once.
With appointed solicitors, and in a matter of days, Jasper had sold nearly every painting at Valenstone that’d survived Clinton’s wrath. Save for a few very special ones, of course. And he’d quickly accrued a small fortune for himself. The mansion, he’d decided, to keep—for now; he wanted to revisit it one day, whenever he and Jonathan could finally manage to be reunited.
And unfortunately, Jasper had no idea when such a thing as that would happen. Because Jonathan had proven to be more difficult to find than anyone suspected. Since leaving Valenstone, he’d apparently led a very discreet life, doing his best to remain inconspicuous. But traces of him still existed—and it was those traces that Jasper clung to, believing and hoping that, eventually, they could come together and shake hands again.
As for Emily, she’d been made a true widow once and for all—and she’d wasted no time in leaving Whitmore Park for good, either. Packing her and Clara’s things, she’d bade farewell to Bess and Claude and left without a backward glance. And then, when it was all said and done, she’d finally inherited the dowry she’d brought to the marriage in the first place: a sum of thirty thousand pounds, which she would receive in installments of fifteen hundred per year.
By then, Dunhaven Moor was humming at the news that a man had been found living in the walls of Valenstone Mansion—a man who was, in truth, the actual artist behind the locally famed paintings. The commotion spread; and it was then that Jasper, Emily, and Clara had quietly relocated to Hartport Green.
Since then, they’d maintained communication with officials in Dunhaven Moor as developments arose. But other than that, Jasper’s new location had been primarily kept hidden from the public. They were nearly three hundred miles from the moors now; no one had ever even heard the name Jasper Duvane out there. So Emily and Clara had taken to caring for him in secret, leading him quite devotedly toward making a full recovery.
And now that he was truly getting better, things were going to change. People were going to notice them together. Questions were going to arise about the viciously scarred man who lived by the sea. It wouldn’t take long before people then learned who he was, along with every detail of his sordid history.
It was an intimidating prospect.
But there was no longer any need to be afraid. True, his traitorous grandparents hadn’t been located yet; but regardless, they could not come for him. Their schemes were revealed, their identities known—they themselves were the ones in danger now.
As for Jasper, he was finally free to wander, to be seen and known by anyone who wished to see or know him.
Emily was glad to be the first. She was honored to walk at his side—let people stare all they liked! It wouldn’t take long, she suspected, before people began to gravitate toward him, like she and Clara had. He was a remarkable man, and it only took a few moments of being in his company to understand that.
Nuzzling his shoulder, Emily leaned gently against him, content as she looked out at the sea. Jasper unwound his arm from hers and wrapped it about her shoulders instead. He pulled her closer to him.
They stayed there awhile longer, memories crashing over them like the white-capped waves that slammed into the cliffside below. It was the glimpse of the life they would lead together, indefinitely. It was better than Emily had ever imagined it could be.
“Come on,” Jasper said finally, turning them about as the cold wind began to push them back a bit. “Let’s go this way now.”
They began edging down into the open field again, their arms intertwined as before.
“Where did Clara and Bess go?” Emily asked, noticing their figures weren’t where they’d been before.
When Jasper didn’t answer her, she looked up at him. A little smirk pulled at the corner of his mouth. Realization dawned over her like a ray of light.
“Oh, my word! You’re up to something again!” She tossed her eyes to the sky. “Heaven help me, he does not stop!”
He laughed. “Forgive me. I am always thinking of ways I can surprise you. Doing so makes me happy. And this is an exceptionally good surprise, I assure you. My best one yet so far. Just in time for Christmas.”
“Oh, really?” She smiled. “So it’s an early Christmas present, then?”
“You could call it that.”
“More Christmas Plum Pudding?”
“…Perhaps later.”
“Well, I am certainly excited now. How long will I have to wait to find out what it is?”
“Not too long. I am taking you to it as we speak.”
“Of course you are,” she beamed.
When they met the country lane, they walked along it leisurely, no longer feeling the pressure of time as they once had.
“Any new word on Jonathan?” she asked, not bothering to inquire after the other people being searched for; she didn’t care to speak about them at all.
“Last I heard, it was believed he’d taken residence in a town called Hillford.”
“Hillford—where is that?”
“A long way off on the southeastern side of England.”
“He may find you first, you know. Have you thought of that?”
“I have. Word of my circumstances will make its way from place to place. He’ll hear of me before long. It really comes down to who will find whom first, I think.”
Emily held tight to his arm, lending a little support when she noticed him beginning to lean more heavily on his cane. “He will be proud of you,” she told him.
Jasper met her eyes.
“He will,” she went on. “You are living freely, just as he’d once wished to do with you.”
He fell silent, staring at her as he walked.
“What are you thinking now?” she questioned.
“I am thinking that I am glad I didn’t go with him. I was right to stay, Emily. If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t have been there when you came back.” He looked disturbed by the thought, and he shook his head. “No, this is a better future than any I could’ve ever had if I’d gone with him. Every hour spent alone, all the misery I endured—it has all been worth it to be able to stand here beside you now.”
Emily swallowed, his words making her emotional. “Things happen for a reason, I suppose. Everything we have experienced has led us to where we are. So for that, we should both be grateful. Even for the hardships.”
“Yes. Especially the hardships. It was those specifically that brought us together—and that brought us here…”
He looked ahead. And as they rounded the bend, Highwood Cottage came into view. Emily smiled, loving their new home just as much now as she had the first time she’d seen it. It hadn’t taken much searching either. Jasper’s solicitor, an eager fellow named Mr. Porter, had been the one to tell them about it. He’d barely begun to mention the forgotten cottage by the sea before Emily and Jasper demanded to see it themselves.
They’d known, even then, it would be their future home.
But it’d taken seeing it for it to feel real.
Situated in a sheltered little valley, the two-story stone house was accessible by a private drive through some eastern woodlands. It was built on a raised terrace, and it overlooked the surrounding parkland, which quite abruptly opened out to reveal a magnificent view of the cliffs and the sea beyond.
The cottage’s front door was flanked by two bay-facing windows, six more windows at the second level. There was a green lawn in the front with a charming wicket gate. Within the house, there was a narrow passage that led straight to the back door, which opened to a tiny back courtyard. Off of that main hall was the staircase and the very modest sitting room, parlor, dining room, and kitchen. Upstairs was equally as simple, comprising of four bedrooms and a single garret.
Emily still hadn’t gotten over being able to call that place home. Their home. They’d lived together in it secretly for nearly two months now. It’d been the best weeks of her entire life, save for the days she’d spent with him at Valenstone Mansion.
And while they could’ve afforded more, they didn’t want more. They’d lived together already in a sprawling mansion. Now they wanted the intimacy of a cottage. They wanted to be close to one another, with a wide and open world beyond. Highwood was everything they needed.
Emily held tighter to Jasper’s arm. “Are we going home again?” she asked somewhat yearningly.
“Not yet.”
“Where are we going?”
“I cannot tell you where,” he chided. “That’s part of the surprise.”
“…Are you well enough to walk farther? We can go home to rest for a bit first, if you wish.”
“I wouldn’t dream of postponing this any longer than I already have. Besides, Clara is waiting on us.”
He led her into the forest then, taking the path through it. In the shade of the trees, Emily walked on, looking at everything, her thoughts consumed with possibilities. What could Jasper have waiting for her—and where? Since moving back to Hartport Green, she hadn’t wandered in this direction. And it’d simply been too long since she’d lived in that town for her to remember where everything was located.
Suddenly, Jasper turned about, coming to stand directly in front of her. She veered to a stop and stared at him in confusion. He had the most bewildering expression. A mingling of excitement and desire and, if she wasn’t mistaken, a little bit of nervousness.
“What is it?” she asked him. “What’s the matter?”
“We’re nearly there.”
She tried to peer around him.
“No, don’t look,” he said. “It’s just around the bend up ahead. If you see it, you will understand everything—and I’m not ready for you to know yet.”
He pulled her to him then, embracing her ardently. With her cheek against his chest, she could hear as well as feel how hard his heart was pounding. Gracious, he was nervous! What on earth was he up to?
“Jasper?” she began, looking up at him.
“Hush, angel.” He backed away a step. “Close your eyes.”
“What?”
“Close your eyes,” he said again, smiling. “Trust me.”
She narrowed her eyes at him a little, giving him a playful glare. “Dreadful tease.” She let her lashes fall shut. “There, I see nothing at all now.”
She felt him take her by the hand. “Walk carefully with me; I will lead you the rest of the way.”
“Don’t let me fall…”
“I won’t. Hold on to me—don’t let go.”
He began guiding her forward. She could sense the bend in the path, the increase in brightness as a burst of sunlight fell over her. They were leaving the forest. Finally, he eased her to a stop.
“Don’t look yet,” he warned.
“…Okay.”
She heard some commotion up ahead. A door shutting. Then some rustled movement right in front of her. Jasper made a small grunting sound that alarmed her.
“Are you all right?” she worried, coming forward a step, even while keeping her eyes closed.
She felt him take her by both hands. His skin was warm, his grip insistent.
“I am fine,” he said softly from below her. “Open your eyes now.”
Emily did as he said. And blinking, she tried to adjust to the invasion of light. It took her a second or two. But then the world cleared—and a bright and beautiful sight greeted her. Just up ahead, in a clearing, was a modest white building, its long steeple cutting into the morning sun.
“A church,” she breathed, sensing movement beyond the windows.
Her gaze dropped to Jasper, where he waited on bended knee before her, his expression brimming with love and passion.
“Emily,” he said, “this is the third time I have fallen to my knees before you. Each time it has been to profess my love to you; this is no different. So bear with me while I try and get this out. I have thought of a million different ways to say everything to you. But of course, now that the moment is upon me, I have forgotten them all. I will do, then, as I have always done: speak from my heart, and do so as plainly and directly as I can.” He inhaled and blew out a tremulous breath. “These past weeks, you have tended to me, cared for me, read to me…While I have enjoyed every precious moment, it has been but another dream, a cloud we’ve lived on where only those who have access to us can reach us. But soon, people will figure out where we are. Everyone will. I am ready for it. I am ready to face it all, with you. And so I want to know right now if you will take my name and become my wife—before the world finds me and I’ve lost my anonymity. Marry me, Emily. Live every day with me, love me always, and never, ever leave me again.” He kissed her hands. “I love you so much. Marry me.”
Emily gazed down at him, smiling through the riotous explosion of happiness that threatened to overwhelm her. “Yes, I will marry you!” she cried. “Oh, my goodness! Of course I will!”
Pleasure and relief smoothed his expression. He released her right hand. From the inside of his waistcoat pocket, he withdrew a small velvet box. Then, staring up at her, he opened it to reveal a blue rose-cut sapphire, which was set in a simple band of gold.
“Jasper! It’s beautiful! God, I’ve never seen anything like it! I cannot believe you achieved this without me knowing about it!”
“Believe me—it took a lot of work, which was not easy to accomplish in secret from my sickbed. But I managed well enough with the help of a few friends.”
He released her left hand just long enough to remove the ring from the box. Then, taking her hand into his again, he slipped the ring over her fourth finger.
“It fits,” he said, smirking. “I knew it would.”
Emily lifted her hand, staring at it with adoring eyes. “It’s so lovely…Just look at how it shines in the light!”
He grinned up at her. “Blue suits you.”
Emily reached down, taking ahold of the sides of his face. “You suit me. How I love you, Jasper Duvane. I do not think this moment could be any better…”
“Oh, it could be…”
“How?” she demanded. “Tell me—I cannot imagine it myself.”
“Marry me now.”
“Now?”
“Right now.”
“Wait—you really mean right now?” Emily was beside herself, trembling. She looked up at the church. “But…we would need to be married by banns, which takes weeks, or a license—”
“Emily, I wasn’t well enough when we first arrived here to be present for the reading of the banns, should that have been the path we chose. And I also don’t want to wait yet another several weeks for them to be read now. We don’t need the public scrutiny anyway.”
“How else can we be wed so suddenly? Surely you weren’t granted a Special License…”
“Common,” he admitted. “I had to wait until we’d lived here in Hartport Green for a full month before the parish would recognize our union. On the one-month anniversary of our arrival, I had my solicitor help me negate the proper allegation and bond.” He grinned. “Everything was approved a few days ago. We can be married at once.”
Astounded and overcome, she didn’t know what to say at first. He was just too wonderful!
“So will you, then?” he pressed. “Will you marry me today, Emily? Right now?”
Emily nodded immediately, laughing. “Yes!” She kissed him, restless in her need to demonstrate how much she adored him. She felt wild with it! “Oh, let’s go! Make me your wife already! I don’t want to wait another moment!”
Emily helped him up, and there, in front of the church, they embraced each other with so much radiating delight, it surely rivaled the sun itself. An instant later, the red double doors burst open. Clara came bounding out, a confection of pink and white satin, with Bess just behind her.
“She said yes!” Clara exclaimed triumphantly. “I knew it! I knew she would! Jasper, you did it!” She flung herself at him in her usual, impetuous way, making him lean on his cane. “We’re going to be a real family now!”
Laying her cheek against Jasper’s chest, Emily stroked her daughter’s face. “It is wonderful to see you so happy, my darling.”
“Happy?! I am jubilant!” Clara said, using the newest word added to her vocabulary. “Jasper, you are going to be my father—I got my wish!” She bounced up and down against them. “Do you think we could have Christmas Plum Pudding to celebrate, perhaps?”
“I think we are going to have to, at this point,” Jasper said. “Your mother has already asked.”
Emily’s laughter joined with his, and together, they held Clara tightly to their side. Bess, standing beside the church door, hugged herself as she watched on. Then another figure joined her there. It was Claude. His face was ruddy, his hat clutched to his chest. He flashed a wary smile at them. And then, rounding up behind him, Ellis came into view. Bespectacled and pleasant-faced, he waved in greeting.
“Can’t have a wedding without a few witnesses,” Jasper explained by Emily’s cheek before kissing it. Then he looked toward the people in the doorway. “Friends, actually.”
“Friends, indeed,” she murmured in merry agreement.
“Thank you for coming,” he told them. “I know it was a long journey.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t have missed this occasion for the world,” Ellis replied.
Bess gave a little smile. “I second that.”
Claude nodded. “It’s an honor.”
There was no fear in their gazes as they continued staring at him, but Emily could see they were still quite thoroughly amazed. Entranced, even.
As everyone else will soon be too, she thought to herself, turning her face up to his again.
Jasper looked down and met her eyes. “Ready?”
“So very ready.”
He kissed her by her hairline, breathing her in. “Then meet me at the alter in ten minutes,” he whispered, releasing her. With his cane, he then marched somewhat crookedly away from her, past the gaping trio in the church doorway, toward an equally agog clergyman inside.
“Bess, Clara,” he said without looking back, “help Emily find some flowers if you can. Claude and Ellis, join me inside, please. And close the doors behind you.”
Emily smirked at the steady authority in his voice and watched as everyone rushed around to do as he asked. When the church doors closed, Bess had already taken Clara by the hand and was leading her toward the forest. She glanced back at Emily. “Congratulations!” she called. “I believe this has to be the shortest engagement in history!”
Emily looked down at the ring on her left hand. The bright blue jewel winked up at her. She gave herself a moment alone with it, dazzled. What a whirlwind she’d been swept up in since meeting Jasper. It wasn’t just the engagement that’d moved fast; everything had!
However, as swift as everything had taken place, she felt like an eternity had been spent at his side already. An eternity, with a million more lined up behind it.
With her hand cradled to her chest, her spirit carried by love, Emily hurried into the forest to look for any remaining autumn flowers.



Jasper’s poor heart—it was beating so fiercely, he felt certain it was about to pound right out of his chest. He tried not to show it. Men were supposed to be brave about such things, weren’t they? Nevertheless, as he stood by the alter, waiting as Bess and Clara finished fussing over Emily outside, he didn’t feel very brave at all. More like an adolescent schoolboy, nervous and sick with love.
On top of that, in the silence of the church, he was being brazenly scrutinized. Sitting in the first pew, Claude stared up at him with unabashed amazement. Two pews behind, Ellis regarded him with both interest and remorse, his eyes magnified by his spectacles. And to Jasper’s right was the owlish clergyman who, upon meeting Jasper’s gaze, blushed to the roots of his red hair and looked away again.
Sighing in reluctant acceptance of the awkward situation he was in—he really needed to get used to the gawking, anyway—Jasper leaned on his cane and looked around. The church was a charming little building. It was filled with high-backed wooden pews, a few modest windows, and long beams across the ceiling. It was simple and quaint, and exactly the sort of place he wanted to marry Emily in—just like Highwood Cottage was exactly the sort of home he wanted to live with her in.
To grow in intimacy and joy, to provide Emily and Clara with stability and calm—those were his only goals anymore. He just wanted to be alive. To feel and experience things at their fullest and also, simplest power. Already he was assailed with so many new things! Sights, smells, sounds, and feelings! He felt quite literally reborn into the world. And yet, with Emily and Clara beside him as his wife and daughter, he knew he could face it all with the fortitude that was necessary.
They’d both given him that freedom.
Jasper felt himself jolt a little when the church doors opened. The sun outside was incredibly bright. And for a moment, he could only ascertain Bess and Clara as they wandered in and made their way to a pew on the bride’s side.
Then, delivered from the sunshine, came Emily.
Everything else around him faded. The room, its occupants, even his uncomfortable sense of nervousness—it was all diminished as soon as she entered the church. In her hands, she held a delicate bouquet of white lace flowers. More were strewn in her hair, which had been stripped of her bonnet and repined in a wispy arrangement. Behind her, the light shone over her long-sleeved, white embroidered gown until it glowed with a gentle radiance.
And as she walked toward him, her dark eyes shining and her face rosy with love, he knew he’d never seen her look more beautiful. And that was saying something—for he’d felt that way several times already. Specifically when she’d worn a certain gown made of shimmering blue silk…
Right then, though, she was incomparable. She was light and warmth, purity and hope. Brown curls, soft mouth, satiny skin, her lithe form garbed in celestial white—this was the woman who would soon be his wife.
A little weak-kneed, he waited as she came upon him. Once there, she smiled up at him devotedly, and he gave her a helpless grin in return.
The clergyman cleared his throat. “Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God, and in the face of this congregation, to join together this man and this woman in holy matrimony…”
And so it went, the ceremony that would unite him to her not just in law, but in a spiritual covenant as well. He listened to every word, taking them into himself with a deep and profound sense of sacredness. He was changed and evolved with each moment that passed.
“Who giveth this woman to be married to this man?” the clergyman finally asked.
Jasper and Emily both blinked and looked out into the church, at the minimal audience who watched on. Clara shot to her feet before anyone else could say a word.
“I do!” she cried, making everyone smile—even the clergyman.
“And I,” Claude said.
“Same here,” Ellis rejoined.
“As do I,” Bess said with a sweet smile, standing to take Emily’s flowers from her. “Most happily.”
Sensing the love in the room at last, the clergyman pressed them onward, beseeching that Jasper and Emily join hands, and one after the other, repeat after him.
Jasper went first. “I, Jasper, take thee Emily, to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us do part, according to God’s holy ordinance; and thereto I plight thee my troth.”
Releasing a breathy sound that made Jasper want to take her into his arms and kiss her, Emily began her pledge. “I, Emily, take thee Jasper, to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love, cherish, and obey, till death us do part, according to God’s holy ordinance; and thereto I give thee my troth.”
Emily was aglow by the time she finished—and so too was Jasper’s heart. He glanced over at Clara, who, with a nudge from Bess, got up from the pew again. She brought him the ring he’d entrusted to Bess earlier that morning. Taking it, he studied it for a moment.
It was not encrusted with jewels like the engagement ring was, but it held a beauty all its own. Crafted from gold, it was carved with a motif of angel wings, and on the inside, two words were engraved for Emily to find later: Forever Yours.
Jasper waited as she removed the engagement ring and lifted her hand for him. Then he took it, holding it with tender veneration, and began to repeat after the clergyman one last time.
“With this ring I thee wed, with my body I thee worship, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow: in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.”
He slid the ring onto Emily’s finger and watched her admire it lovingly, redonning the sapphire ring as well. Then they joined hands again, listening and participating with half an ear as the clergyman commenced in their taking of communion. Afterwards, they signed the registry and were, at long last, announced man and wife.
Their smiles were bright, but they did not celebrate—yet. On a cloud of emotion, they floated from the room, waving merrily at Clara as they passed her. And once they were returned to the sunlit clearing outside, Jasper pulled Emily to a stop.
“Come here,” he said simply, and he tugged her against him with one strong-willed arm.
Her arms lifted, wrapping about his neck. She pressed herself into his embrace with shameless affection. Jasper sighed against her, feeling at once the magnificence of what it was to live fully as a man who could not only love someone, but was worthy of her love in return. And God, how well and thoroughly she loved him! He felt it emanate from her like an invisible shroud, holding him and keeping him, as he trusted it always would.
“I love you, Jasper,” she said, leaning back a little to look into his eyes. “My husband. How wonderful that sounds…”
“And I love you,” he replied. “My wife and living angel—Emily Duvane.”
Emily beamed at him, pulling him down to kiss her. And heaven opened up—again. But that time, Jasper knew he was being permitted more than just a stolen, brushing glimpse of it. He was welcomed into the very clouds, with her, where they could live and exist in a forever that was as prevailing and limitless as the love that’d brought them there. It was their real and lasting forever, just as it was meant to be.





The End

…Almost.




Read Melissa Kean’s next book, reunite with beloved characters, and find out what happens in the conclusive finale
of

The Valenstone Mansion Series


Book Two

Run with Me
Jonathan St. Claire’s story


Coming soon…
About the Author:


Melissa Kean lives in her home state of Florida with her husband and three children. She is currently a devoted stay-at-home mother who, in her free time, nurses her wild passion for writing. Her ultimate dream is that her characters will become as beloved to her readers as they are to her.





Thank you so much for reading Stay with Me!

If you enjoyed this tale, please take a moment and leave me a review at your favorite retailer!
Other Titles by Melissa Kean:

Discovering You

Where I Belong
Connect with Me:


Friend me on Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/melissakeanbooks/ 

Visit my webpage:
http://www.melissakean.wix.com/books 

Favorite me at Smashwords:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/MKean 

Read my interview:
https://www.smashwords.com/interview/MKean 


